was sometimes afraid of disappointing them and she wasn't sure her father really understood her . Lucy was someone easier for him to grasp but to be fair, she was probably a lot like her father at this age if less pompous. Molly crossed her fingers praying that her twin sister won't try to boss her around. For the moment, she was speaking with her grand-dad of what she saw at a chance to improve house unity and to help Professor Longbottom with his anti-bullying policy .
"Does she ever talk about something else than school ?"
Molly rolled her eyes as her cousin drew closer to her .
"What did I say ? Tell me I'm wrong ."
"It's not like you spend half of your time talking about games strategies"
"Stop being so defensive of your sister and admit she can be a pain in the ass. I mean it's not her fault obviously but she should relaxed sometimes. You know yoga would be good"
Molly turned to look into Roxanne's brown eyes. She was smiling meaning she was proud of her solution . Yoga. How many times people had advised Lucy to do yoga. The magical solution.  
"Are you coming tomorrow to the Diagon's Alley ? asked Molly "I've planned to meet Johanna. You didn't answer my owl." Molly was eager to get off this topic.  She loved Roxy,  her spontaneity,  her fierceness but she was a tiny bit unfair to Lucy. 
" That's because I've been training Rose most of the day. Listen Henry wants to be a Seeker . He told me and he's really good. Quite a nice chap- I'm supposed if you like them short and racist."
Molly laughed at that whilst Roxy imitated Henry telling her he's got a thing for Black women because they were so strong. 
"Anyway I want to be sure that Rose is going to kick theirs asses to them all and not to be blamed for favourising our family. You know too many Weasleys on Gryffondor team. "
" James 's a Potter " pointed Molly"  and you haven't answered the question. "
" No, Mom wants to visit my grand-dad.  He' s been quite unwell. But we'll see each other next week.  Say hi to Jo for me would you? Speaking of this do you think you could get me some details on their strategy since their captain is your best friend? "  
Molly arched an eyebrow " Don't even think of it."
Roxanne sighed " At least I've tried"

On tumblr, I've seen great edits on Molly and Lucy being race-mixed and I've thought I'll give a shot even thought I'm white myself. I'm a tiny bit nervous because I hope I'm not direspecting anyone whilst writing this. Please let me know and I will make the useful corrections

Molly was looking at a copy of the new book published by Luna Lovegood and her husband. It was a diary of their trip in Colombia. She was just merely gazing at it, turning over and over as if the book would give itself away to her and thus she didn't notice she was being observed by a slender girl with long, wavy brown hair and hazel eyes. Molly tucked a strand which came away from her elaborate ponytail made only of clips as her hair was too short for her to tie it differently before putting the book back in the shelve.
" I like the colour " came the Johanna's voice behind her. " It suits you but I thought you didn't like pink, did you ?"
" I said I didn't like it because I thought it was too girlish. I didn't want to be like the other girls ."
Johanna laughed at that, a rather high-pitched laugh . It sounded like she was suffocating whilst laughing and indeed she had turned slightly pink. Molly thought it was cute. Some of her hair were just in front of her eyes. Molly stretched her hand and stroke Johanna's hair, placing carefully her hair behind her ear. Johanna's hair was soft . Molly was feeling quite funny and she realized she was holding her breath. She felt the urge to leave her hand going down Johanna's cheekbones. Instead she pulled Johanna into a fierce hug.
'I've missed you Jo." She released her best friend who was beaming.
"I've missed you too , she said with a smile, Such a shame we couldn't see each other during the summer, eh ? Anyway how was Korea ? How is your grandaunt ? Your grandmother must have been pleased to see her family."
"She is fine. She tried to teach me Korean . Wasn't much a success though. I wish Mom would have spoken to us rather than only using English because of Dad. Ohh and we met Luna Lovegood when we went to see that dragon tamer with Charlie." Molly smiled widely as that and began to jump on spot, visibly very excited.
"Did your dad