return to my bed.
my heart aches for the false security the glow-in-the-dark stars provided me.
(that wretched crow owes me fifteen bucks + money for gas to walmart.)

nonetheless, i put them back up, + the next night,
it only sparks a sadness in me,
looming over my lack of productivity,

i resist the urge to throw up my lungs, i shudder, i shake, i simmer + then,
i fall back asleep.

Le cerf a été abattu par des flèches,
+ De son squelette, i stole his antlers
i tied my hair up into two buns,
+ inserted them promptly

the crow watched patiently, then perched on one
"does this mean your creativity is back, boy?" the crow wondered (so loudly that i heard it)
"but it's never left," i defend. "you know exactly what i mean, don't you backtalk me. kill them, boy." the crow said.

i once again wave him away from my loose ends.

my friend whose bones have kinks + twists, overhears
"who is 'them?'"
Il a peur, je peux l'entendre.
nonetheless, the closed sign on my body whispers loudly, "please, don't touch me," (i am out of order, as my brain, my body - i am disorder)
"there's rats + snakes eating away at the meadow," i deadpan. "the flowers are suffering. the caretaker is in a panic."
i turn quickly, + run

i have to no time to unwrap his dumbfounded state to understanding

the next night, my tears give way to the night
stars hidden, + a new moon,
the crow flies down, but i only see a shadow
"you'll be back yet, i am sure" the crow said

the next day, i find the feathers of a dove

i walk by, + pretend not to see.
i ignore my own ache, + the fact that the feathers of my own wings decorate my path
"owl boy, young little antler boy, star boy, i'll have you kill them yet, boy," the crow said.

i wave it away from pecking at my loose ends.

i've never been a huge fan of finders keepers, + how you two are now cuddled up
my heart wrenches, but i know my worth,
+ my hands, my words, are far out from your reach

(passez)

poésie dans mon âme,
j'ai envie de vivre

"kill them all, boy," said the crow
("tuez-les tous, garçon", a déclaré le corbeau)
+ so i did.

i mad felt that the poem was best expressed through both english + french, but here's an all-english version

quietly, step quietlyi am not done hiding away from the world yet.

i am wild but i am not free,"kill them all, boy," said the crow.

i am burning,i radiatemy prolonged supernova bursts from my chest,+ my body paints the walls

"Fucking shit!!"no, please, be quiet.please, be quiet.It is art.

can i turn to you at last?i tried to reach her, but my hand went through her+ all i felt was film paper.

the mercury melted in him, he choked"She will not love me," he cries,"Just as the you in my mind hates me,I can feel it from New York."

it makes sense for it to burst from the swirly bulbin his chest,he holds idea after idea after ideahis self worth tied around his creativity, to quote,he pulls the ribbon as tight as he canin desperate inferiority molded from his sheer paranoia,his own self criticism

(his bulb barely has a crack)

"Eli, you burn with disappointment, I'm sure."+ From all the way here, I hear the lights in the fireplacethe one that resides in his chest,i hear them lick his ribs,the nerves that connect to his brain

the coals fall,+ the rug sets to firei watch it burn, helpless

After all, the fireflies all seemed to collapse when they came in contact with my hands.

"I'm fine," he whispers,+ the crow looks away,disgusted

The fire was not extinguished, but was coiled"It's under control," he exhales, but smoke comes out of his mouth.The next morning,I find the crow,Pecking away at my loose ends.

"Art, art," he sings."Art, for art, where is your soul?" he sings"I left it under my pillow for today," I lie. "I dropped it near the waters."The wind confuses me by asking,"Is that where it should reside?"

(to explain, i'm not sure.)

The dove is a published poet, but I am the words unraveled. From New York, she knows my shards+ like me, we share tremors

"I am a plague," he is sure.

I remember what I was doing for your galaxy, + i'm torn apart from the other planets,