and see what she could find out. The only apparent way in or out was through the air ducts, and thus far she hadn’t been very intent on using them as a means of getting around. But, looking at it, it wasn’t really that far; only a few dozen yards and she’d be in that mystery area. Just a quick look to sate her curiosity, for she had been oh so curious for a while now.

The husk top closed with a less than gentle click, and she quickly scooped it into her bag and dashed over to the closest entry point. After a few minutes of maneuvering, she reached it and pried off the grate covering it which, surprisingly, seemed to be a bit loosened. She took off her bag and crawled into the cramped space, thinking nothing of it. It was even darker in there than it was in the rest of the station, but it still wasn’t that much of a problem. She knew exactly where to go to find what she wanted. After a few minutes of clanging through the vents, she came upon the room she had intended to find. After mentally high fiving herself, she dropped down. The last thing she expected was to land on an uncomfortable yet springy pile beneath her. A cacophony of honks rang out across the room.

“What the fuck?” she rubbed the back of her neck and looked around. To her own surprise and complete and utter confusion, she’d landed in a pile of cheap clown horns sold commonly at proprietors of indigo-blood merchandise. She picked herself up, brushed off her shoulders and clambered off of the pile. “Huh. I guess that could be useful at some point? What the hell has that moron been up t-“ she froze as her eyes fell upon the walls. There were messages scrawled all over. Messy green lettering, alternating capital and lower case letters that spelled mostly gibberish, but where it wasn’t gibberish it sent chills down her spine: “DeAd”, “KiLl ThEm”, “NoNoNONONO”, “crush them all”, “KILL THEM”, “no”, “KILL THEM ALL”, “honk”, “KILL THEM MOTHERFUCKIN ALL”. The breath caught in her throat as his quirk changed and the green sopor gave way to a deep shade of purple. Her heart dropped into her stomach as she realized it was blood. His blood. She wasn’t curious anymore. Her face fell and she could feel panic welling up inside of her. She turned to run, only to hit a brick wall.

“And what the motherfuck is the wicked little spider-bitch doing down here?” Gamzee whispered quietly, looking down at her. She was on the ground before she realized he’d hit him. His eyes, normally so mellow and half-closed, were now blazing with pure unadulterated wrath burning into her soul. She was speechless. He gritted his teeth and snarled.

“I asked you a MOTHERFUCKIN’ QUESTION!” He yelled with ferocity she’d never imagined could come from his tall and lanky figure. She’d barely had time to get her bearings before a vicious kick sent her rolling.

“Fuck! I was just looking around for something interesting!” She rolled away from him before he could strike again and grabbed at her ribs. Judging from what she was feeling, they were badly bruised, but probably not broken. She felt the ground drop away as a powerful kick connected with her again, and she hit the wall, dizzy. She tried to move before he could reach her again, but her head was spinning. She felt herself being lifted onto her feet, and then off them again by an iron grip on her neck. There was a chuckle from the source of the stinking, sopor-laced breath nearby.

“Well I guess you all up in motherfuckin found it.” The gentleness of his voice would have scared her if she weren’t already terrified. All she could do was shrink away from him and grab at his arm. He let out a sudden, harsh laugh before whispering again, “Well today must just be so motherfuckin blessed. I free my own fuckin self from the pan-rotting sopor shit, and a pretty little eight-eyed bitch just walks all up into my piece of the messiah’s promise. How many miracles can one day hold?” he chuckled again.

“Come on Gamzee, just let me go.” She said, but the crack in her voice was at odds with the bravado of her words.

“Well I can’t just motherfuckin’ do that now can I?” spit flew in her face as he barked at her, “You’ll just go and get your blab on to all your motherfuckin friends,” A dreamy smile creeped on his face. “And I ain’t gonna deal with that!”

“P-please,” her voice cracked again and her heart started to race. His smile only grew.

“How about you all up in motherfuckin beg for it then.” A spark of something much more frightening than rage glinted in his eye.

“What?”

“