sorry! I was just... thinking out loud about... my alligator Gummy. I was hoping I didn't hurt her earlier when she swallowed my kunai." Kakashi watched her studiously for what felt like an eternity before shrugging and nodding to her politely, continuing on his way. Tenten let out a breath she didn't even know she'd been holding when he was gone and tried to focus on working. Still she couldn't help listening in on Sakura's conversation.

"Now that your here Sakura I bet we can win this bet for sure!" Naruto was smiling from ear to ear at the thought. "Another free meal coming our way again! Maybe this time we can actually hit up Ichiraku Ramen." Sasuke uncharacteristically sighed in disgust of the idea of being forced to eat at Naruto's favorite restaurant. Sakura never broke her happy stride as she worked.

"Oh we can get a free meal? That does sound good." She smiled, glancing Tenten's direction. "I think I'd prefer to get some dim sum though.

It was funny how long it had taken her to come up with the idea, but once she'd had it the practice made total sense. Tenten had spent the last hour doing nothing but tossing one kunai over and over again. It was out of character for her to stick with just one weapon but she'd finally achieved what she'd been after in the first place; a new technique. Tossing the kunai in the air Tenten would toss a thin chain after it to grab the kunai and whip it in different directions. She'd managed to hit every target in her normal training area without ever moving from a single location. She was fairly positive she could have done most of this while sitting down if she really wanted to.

Up the sharp object would go into the air and with a little flick of the wrist and arm motion for momentum she could grab and swing it any which way she pleased. She had even managed to pull it out of the targets from where she was and return the tool back to herself. It was odd that she was having so much fun with this new idea and that it had taken her this much time to come up with it. She'd used chained weapons before, and weapons on wires as well. But never did she think to combine them in such a way. Although the kunai itself was inconvenient. She'd need to come up with a better weapon in the future and possibly a modified chain. The range of possibilities were suddenly limitless.

That was a good thing, considering she'd been trying to forget the events from three days ago. Ever since she had essentially assaulted and then molested Sakura Haruno she was sure that eventually either Kakashi or the Hokage would come down upon her with questions as to what had happened. But no one said a word to her, she didn't even hear a complaint from her own parents that anyone had spoken to them about her actions. It was as if Sakura had forgotten all about the event after it occurred. Which was fine for Tenten, she didn't need any unwanted attention after all. Even though it wasn't Tenten (exactly) that had attacked her in the first place.

That stupid persona she had come up with, "Dim Sum", was the guilty party. It probably would have been a smarter idea to put her hair buns down before she had attacked Sakura over their little misunderstanding but she was so worked up that she didn't really give anything much thought. Now that it had passed no one seemed to have any idea what had happened and and Tenten could breath easy. From what she could see the worst was over and they didn't need to bring it up again.

Wrapping the chain around the kunai after it had planted itself into the target in front of her Tenten gave it a hard yank and pulled it out of the wood. With a snap and a swing she twirled it over her own head and snapped her arm backward with the intent of having it stab into the target behind her without looking. There was a "thud" to let her know that the kunai had found its mark, but it was accompanied by the scream of a girl. "What the heck are you trying to do!" Wait... she knew that voice.

"Sakura?" Tenten exclaimed turning around. "Listen I'm sorry! I didn't know you were... were... what the...?" There as expected was the pink haired girl that seemed a bit flustered at nearly being impaled with a kunai, but she didn't look exactly like Sakura. She wasn't alone either. Before Tenten stood three girls who all had a familiar appearance about them but were dressed wildly different. The pink haired girl (clearly Sakura) was standing in the forefront of the team. However she was dressed in the deep blue P.E. Class bloomers that Tenten had seen her in three days ago, and this time she wasn't wearing a skirt to cover them. Instead all she had on were the bloomers