ass is soft kid. I bet your asshole will clench around my dick." Slowly, he pulled down Kuroko’s zipper tracing the outline of the boy’s semi hard cock. “Having fun huh?”

"S-Stop it please." Tears sprung out from his eyes while the man dived and attacked him, kissing his face, neck and even tore his polo open, but only to reveal a naked expanse of vanilla skin chest, nipples erect and begging to be ravished.

Seijuuro was enjoying the sight of his beautiful prey. He scored a jackpot. Kuroko had exceeded his expectations. The kid had flawless white skin. It's pinkish and soft and so he resumed on kissing his skin hungrily like a beast, like an animal on heat.

"Let me go!" Kuroko increased the volume of his no matter how futile it may seem.

"Shut up!" Seijuurou grabbed his face harshly, glaring at the boy coldly. "If I hear you shout again I'm going to fucking kill you!" He hissed severely, earning a whimper from Kuroko which scared him and went to submitting himself fully to Seijuurou.

 


Mom…Dad…


 

He can't die yet. He still had a lot of dreams to reach and he was so young. He wanted to be a teacher someday, teach cute kids with alphabet, fall in-love to the person destined to him, get married, have children and live a happy life with his own family.

Kuroko was spilling tears while watching the man unbuckled his belt, unzipped his pants and pulled down his boxers, showing an angry large dick that scared Kuroko more. He was frightened from the sight, because seconds later, his virginity will be soon taken away from the man he never wanted to submit himself to.

His lips were trembling. More tears came out from his eyelids. He was shaking, but he couldn’t run away, afraid that the man will kill him without mercy.

Seijuurou spun him around violently, his forehead hit the brick wall surging pain to his head. He was sure that a small bump has formed on his forehead, but he shouldn't care about it yet as his pants was soon pooling down his ankles revealing his green briefs. His small milky thighs were on display and the cold air bit his skin. Stuttering, he tried to plead once again to stop the man from molesting him, but the man won’t listen to him as to Kuroko’s surprise, Seijuurou was soon dropping on his knees and Kuroko could felt his ass cheeks were being parted, a slick muscle entered his cleft and he was not dumb to know that the man was shoving his tongue inside him.

 

Why is the man doing this to him? It's dirty down there, he thought until he was sputtering moans and he couldn't deny that it felt good but it was wrong wrong wrong. Very much wrong.

 

Seijuurou poked his tongue in the tight hole to lubricate Kuroko to prepare him for what had to come minutes later. 

The moans Kuroko gave away were very sensual to Seijuurou's ears. His nose rested on the crack of Kuroko's ass, savoring his natural taste and scent. While he was busy rimming Kuroko, he grabbed the boy's dick and kept on stroking him. To Kuroko’s dismay, he was aroused. It was a different kind of feeling. Now, he understood the feeling of something inside him. Meanwhile, Seijuurou can’t help but be proud of his self. It was sick, but knowing Kuroko was hard and leaking for him, he couldn’t help but smirk in victory.

Unfortunately, Seijuurou wanted Kuroko to moan his name. So he planted a hard slap on the victim’s ass, making it jiggle and red from the impact. "Moan my name you bitch!" He reprimanded with another slap on the other side, earning a choked sob by his prey, tears gathering from his lids.

"S-Stop it p-please..." Kuroko begged for mercy, but Seijuurou didn't have any of it. All he knew about life was pleasure to satiate his self with and here was Kuroko to do the honor of pleasuring him.

Another hard slap echoed in the deserted alleyway as tears fell out from Kuroko’s hurt face while Seijuurou laughed maniacally, enjoying the scene right in-front of his eyes. "I said moan my name or else I'll draw blood on your skin! Call me Seijuurou!"

 


Smack!



 


Kuroko was a crying mess because everything hurt. His knees wobbled from the impact of that large hand hitting his skin and he couldn't do anything but obey. "S-Seijuurou please stop it." No matter how he tried to beg, Seijuurou was enjoying it more, loving the way how the kid was chanting his name euphoniously.

The sound of the redhead’s laughter sounded sinister to Kuroko's ear. He guessed that the man was Satan's pawn, sent on earth to do malicious things to innocent kids.

"Just keep moaning my name!"

Momentarily, Kuroko's already wide eyes, blue pupils blown widened more