They were not part of her dreams, which were fevered and stange and muddled. That was weird. She rarely had nightmares, and almost always remembered what she was dreaming... but now, now she wasn't even sure that she had been dreaming, or that she was entirely awake. For one thing, she was not in her mostly-comfy bed in the dorm. No... no, she was in an unfamiliar, dimly lit room that smelled of antiseptic, with thin blankets. She could feel things taped to her under an equally thin top, and everything was blurry. It took her almost a minute to realize that she was without her constant companion, her glasses. At least she didn't have it as bad as Jane Crocker, she couldn't see twenty feet off without her glasses... all these things were there, and yet they seemed miles away. Her head was in a haze, one that made it hard to put anything together, and she was fighting a wrenching in her stomach. A sort of instinctive, gray, dark panic that was hard to batter back. 

"Jade?" It was John. He was stepping in from the hallway, carrying two styrofoam cups of coffee. Dave was next to him, shorter and slighter and infinitely paler - his albinism was always the first thing that people noticed when they saw him.

"Hey John." She cooed, her brow furrowing a moment as she did. Her voice did not sound as it normally did - it sounded a little wobbly, a little out of focus, as if her voice was not entirely connected to her vocal cords. She winced and shifted in place, trying to sit up - a motion that had Dave at her side, clucking over her in seconds.

"Hey hey hey. Hey. No need to get up on our account. As a matter of fact you might want to go the other way on our account. Settle in, chief. Just relax."

"Why?" Her thoughts were muddled, though panic wasn't one of the main notes playing in the dischordant symphony in her head - more a cacaphony of confusion and bemusement and wondering just why she felt so unplugged from everything. "Dave what is going on?"

"Uh..." He started to say something, and his lips were moving, but no sound was coming out. "John, you - you wanna-?"

"Uh..." 

"Lot of 'uh's going around." Jade mumbled.

"So you remember yesterday... the coffeeshop, talking to Vriska-"

"Yesterday?" She tried again to sit up, and Dave's hand met her shoulder. It hurt, and she gasped a little - he immediately pulled his hand back.

"Yeah, you kind of... fell asleep. On your bike."

"Oh!" She groaned, sinking back into the bed. "Oh, jeez. I must have wiped out pretty hard." She laughed, and the sound was airier and lighter than she would have imagined. John looked relieved; Dave less so. 

"You have no idea." The albino kid mumbled. That cut off her laughter neatly. 

"Am... I missing something? I mean I - how bad am I?" She patted her head. "Do I have a concussion?" The two looked at each other, and John piped up again.

"You have... like, a little bit of one? But it's not bad. Uh - a couple broken ribs, broken finger, lot of scrapes and a whole lot of bruises, and... u-uh.." He was having trouble spitting it out. Dave shook his head. 

"You got hit by a bus." Jade's eyes widened. 

"What?!"

"Look, I-" He rubbed his eyes under his sunglasses. "I'm serious here. You bounced off the front..." He gestured to her midsection. "Then got run over." And he gestured down towards her right leg. "It's kind of a miracle you got out in the shape you did."

"So I broke my l-"

"Don't!" 

"Ja-" It was too late. She had pulled the sheet back, and was staring at her right leg. 

At the space where her right leg should have been.

There was no reaction at first. Just a sort of vague, insidious, creeping horror at the edges of her mind. She reached out and touched the empty space on the mattress beneath her right knee. It was just... gone.

"I can still feel it." She finally whispered. 

"Yeah." Dave was still looking up at her. John was pointedly looking away, trying to keep it together. "Doc said you might have that."

"I - it does not feel... it..." She stammered. 

"Hey. Hey, look at me." He reached up and squeezed her hand. Unlike her shoulder, it didn't hurt. Not much. "It's gonna be okay. You got hit by a Greyhound... and you're still breathing. Because you are just... that awesome. Okay? You