mouth then the other.Zayn sucked on Liam’s digits until they were nice and wet. Liam then had Zayn life his hips and he inserted one digit into Zayn. Zayn’s mouth open and he closed his eyes again loving the feeling. Liam started moving his finger in and out of Zayn before inserting another. Once he had his second one in he started to scissor him. “Yea yea!” Zayn moaned as Liam hit his prostate causing him to see stars. “Fuck me Li! I need you in me now!” Zayn said in a needy voice. Liam stopped sucking Zayn and kissed him letting Zayn taste himself. “Need to be in you!” Liam whispered into Zayn’s ear as he continued to finger him. Zayn nodded. “Yea need you in me!” he replied. Liam moved away and undid all four handcuff for Zayn’s arms and legs.“Get me nice and wet.” Liam told Zayn. Zayn quickly got onto the floor and turned to Liam and grabbed Liam’s cock. He didn’t waste anytime. As soon as he had Liam in his hand he took him into his mouth and began to move. Liam groaned softly loving the feel of Zayn’s tongue on him. Zayn licked all around Liam’s dick before going to the head and sucking it. He loved the taste of Liam. “That’s enough.” Liam told him. Zayn stopped sucking him and looked up at him.“Bed.. hands and knees now.” Liam told him. Zayn quickly did as Liam told him. Once Zayn was on the bed Liam push his top half down leaving him with his ass in the air. Liam didn’t say anything as he grabbed Zayn’s arm and put them behind his back and handcuffed them their. Liam pulled Zayn to the end of the bed and spread his legs wide and cuffed them to the bed post. He looked over Zayn’s naked body and smirked. He loved having Zayn stretched out and ready for him. He then walked over to a box that was at the side of the bed and grabbed two things and walked back and layed them on the bed. Zayn tried to see what he had but couldn’t.Liam walked to the front of Zayn smirking while holding a mouth piece. Zayn knew Liam must have something planned if he had the red ball gag. Zayn watched Liam. Liam then said “I don’t need you screaming for everyone to hear.” He then put the gag on Zayn. He walked back behind Zayn and stared at Zayn’s ass. He loved Zayn tight little ass and he couldn’t wait to get in him but it wasn’t quiet time. He ran his thumb over Zayn’s rim causing Zayn to arch his back. Liam did that a few more time before he bent over and licked Zayn’s tight little hole. Zayn moaned and tried to push back on Liam’s tongue as Liam started to tongue him. Liam tongued Zayn for a few minute before picking up the toy he sat on the bed.In his hands he held an eight inch vibrator. It wasn’t as big as him but it would turn Zayn into a moaning begging mess. He slowly inserted the vibrator into Zayn. Once he had a few inches in he stopped. He waited a minute then pushed a few more inches in. Once Zayn had seven inches in him Liam stopped pushing it in. He turned on the vibrator and heard Zayn moan through the gag. He had the vibrator touching Zayn’s prostate. Liam then grabbed one more thing. He walked to Zayn’s side and reached under Zayn and put a cock ring on him.When Liam did that Zayn tried to glare at him but couldn’t with his eyes filled of lust. Liam sat beside Zayn and stroked himself as he listened to Zayn moan through the gag. After a while he couldn’t take it any longer and got up and took the vibrator out and lined himself up with Zayn’s hole. He grabbed Zayn’s hips and pulled them back and he thrusted forward. When he entered Zayn he closed his eyes and threw his head back. “Fuck so tight!” he groaned. He gave Zayn a minute to adjust to being completely filled before he pulled out and then pushed back in. After a few strokes he set a steady rhythm.Zayn had said earlier he didn’t want soft and sweet and Liam was giving him what he wanted. He thrusting deep and hard. He hit Zayn’s prostate every time he thrusted into him. As he fucked Zayn he slapped his ass a few times. “You're going to cum without me touching your cock.” Liam told Zayn. Zayn had tears running down his face. His eyes were clouded with lust and he was getting so close. He could feel his orgasm building up and up. Liam grabbed his hair causing Zayn to come up off the bed. Zayn closed his eyes. He loved when Liam pulled his hair. It hurt but it also made him so hot and he was even closer to cumming now