her house beforehand, and Niall said they could crash at her place. 



Liam told her mom she was spending the night at Niall’s which was true enough, and her mom was familiar enough with Niall’s name not to be suspicious. 



Liam was anxious and excited by the time Friday rolled around. She knew it wasn’t that big of a deal, but she didn’t really do things like this, like, ever. She had never been to a club before, let alone with the intention of actually drinking. 


 


And if she was being honest with herself, she was excited to go with Zayn. 



They had eaten lunch together the rest of the week, along with Harry and Niall who had hit it off unexpectedly. While they bantered about music, (“You’re music is just sort of boring Harry, you can’t dance to it.” “The 1975 is not boring.”) Zayn watched Liam under arched eyebrows, giving her looks Liam didn’t know how to interpret, sharing smiles over Harry’s slow stories. 



So by the time Friday night rolled around, Liam was buzzing. She pulled into the driveway at Zayn’s house and took a few deep breaths before walking up to the door. The sun was just setting, casting long shadows across the wide lawn. She was tingling, excited about the night to come. 


 


She rang the doorbell and waited a few moments before she heard a muffled “come in!” through the door. Liam pushed on the door and found it unlocked, opening it and stepping into the wide foyer. 



Zayn’s head appeared leaning out of her doorway. 



“Liam!” she called, smiling, “Come on up!”



Liam wandered up the familiar steps as Zayn disappeared back into her bedroom. 



When Liam got to Zayn’s room, she found Zayn in her underwear, in the middle of putting makeup on at the mirror. Niall was already there, sitting on Zayn’s bed plugging her ipod into Zayn’s speakers. 


 


“Liam!” Niall greeted as she entered, shouting over the top 40 that just started blasting through the room. 



Zayn turned to give Liam a conspiratorial smile over her shoulder, rolling her eyes fondly at Niall. Hair black hair was hanging long and messy down her back, and she was smiling at Liam and Liam thought it might be the greatest thing she’s ever seen. 



And then Zayn was turning away again, leaning into the mirror to put her eyeshadow on, and Liam was left with the sound of her own heartbeat in her ears. 


 


She set her purse down on the floor and joined Niall on the bed, who started running her hands through Liam’s hair, gathering it into a pile on top of her head. 



“Can I do your hair? What are you wearing?” Niall asked, getting up on her knees to get a better angle on Liam’s hair. 



“I’m not sure, I thought -” Liam started, but was interrupted by the sound of the doorbell downstairs. 



“That’ll be Harry!” Niall said excitedly, releasing her old on Liam’s hair and climbing off the bed. “I’ll get it,” she added, bounding out of the room and down the stairs. 


 


Liam looked fondly after her, and was surprised when Zayn pounced onto the bed, still in her underwear. “Do you trust me?” Zayn asked cryptically, on all fours and leaning towards Liam. 



Liam wasn’t sure she could speak just then, Zayn was leaning into her space, giving her a mysterious smile. So she just nodded, her breath caught in her throat. 



“Good,” Zayn said, pleased, “because I know what you should wear.” 



With that, Zayn disappeared scampering off the bed and towards her closet. Liam followed her, wary. 



“I brought a dress, but...” she trailed off, picking over Zayn’s cluttered floor towards the closet. 



She could hear Zayn rooting through her closet, and when she entered Zayn had her back to Liam. 



When she turned around, she was brandishing a black skirt and a floral print something that Liam would definitely describe as a bra. Liam’s eyes went wide, and Zayn must have sensed how she was feeling because she shoved them more adamantly into Liam’s hands. 



“Come on, just try them on,” she pleaded, standing in front of Liam stubbornly. “It’ll look great on you. I don’t have the tits to pull it off, but...” Zayn trailed off, raising her eyebrows, and Liam blushed at the implication. 


 


“Here,” Zayn said, flipping on the closet light and walking back out into the room. “Just try them on, and if you don’t want to wear it you don’t have to.”



With that, she shut the closet door behind her, leaving Liam alone inside the closet to change. She could hear Niall and Harry coming back up the stairs, joining Zayn in the room. 



 Liam sighed, knowing she wasn’t going to get Zayn to give up without at least trying