I can almost sense a name.  A familiar and cherished name, but it fades before I can hear it.  I remember a shadow.  More of a feeling than a memory, really.  I remember feeling safe.  Safe.  Another word that this man has brought into my mind.  I want to stay, to find out what it means to be safe.  I know in my heart that this man could remind me somehow.  In the middle of my inner turmoil, I see a grenade flying towards me.  Snapped out of reverie by the force of survival, I bolt into the street, towards base.  I don’t look back.  Safety is not an option.  Not for me.  It never has been.              

 

 

     I stare blankly at the grey concrete floor.  The sparking sounds coming from my left are the only things that make me aware of the technicians working on my arm.  The whispers have become a constant roaring in my ears, and all at once, I am no longer in the command room. 

     A face looms over me, and I hear a cold voice say, “Sergeant Barnes…”

 

    The scene shifts.   

 

     A train rushes down a snowy track.  I cling desperately to the side, nothing below me for hundreds of feet.  The blonde man is there again, looking to me with fear in his eyes. He reaches for me, trying to catch my hand, but my anchor gives way, plunging me into an endless abyss of white.  I scream, and I faintly hear the blonde man scream, too. 

     “Bucky! No!”

    The next sequence of memories moves quickly.  Someone is dragging me, and the stump of my left arm leaves a red trail in the snow.  As a saw cuts through what’s left of it, I hear the same cold voice from earlier saying, “The procedure has already started.” 

     I study my mismatched hands, flesh and machinery.

     “You are to be the new fist of Hydra.”

     My mind brands the people around me as dangerous, and I grab the nearest one by his throat.  It is only a few seconds before someone sedates me. 

     “Put him on ice.”

     My last memory is freezing in a metal container far too small for me.  I reach for the glass as a last hope of escape, but the cold is slowing time, and the last thing I see is my own pleading face reflected in the icy glass.

     In the real world, I violently lash out at the technicians and throw them across the room.  I hardly notice my actions, even when I hear the harsh clicking of every gun in the room being primed and aimed at me.  They don’t matter right now. Every muscle in my body is tense, and my breathing is heavy.  What is happening to me?  With each new memory, my mind is being shredded.  I can’t take any more of this, but at the same time I don’t want it to stop.  Something is there, just out of reach.  Something important.  I can feel it. Pierce’s voice vaguely registers in my ears, demanding a mission report, but I can’t respond.  I am trapped in my own mind.  A backhanded slap across my face brings me crashing back to reality.  Questions fill my mind.  One question in particular pushes to the front. 

     “The man on the bridge…” I remember his face, so pleading… His lips move without sound in the crypt of my broken mind, “Who was he?”

     “You met him earlier this week on another assignment.”

     Yes, this man is from earlier.  Not earlier this week, but earlier in time.  Before what I can remember.

     “I knew him.”

     Pierce sits in front of me.  His lips move, but I don’t hear him.  My mind has clasped on to the only thing I know for certain, and it echoes like a drumbeat.  I knew him, I knew him, I knew him.  The drumbeat intensifies, drowning out everything else, and I search for more, but all I find is a blank wall.  Pierce has finished, and waits for my response.  The only words I can find are a pleading reprise of the relentless cadence.

     “But I knew him.”

     I smile slightly, sadly.  I am trapped in limbo.  I finally know something for sure, but not enough to break free of the abyss.  I struggle to find something more, anything that will finally give me freedom, but nothing comes.  I hear voices, but not what they say.  I am pushed back in the chair.  I do not resist. They offer me a rubber paddle to put in my mouth.  I accept.  These things are familiar, but I do not remember them. As restraints clamp around my arms, all I feel is paralyzing fear.  Something in me does remember.  It remembers pain and loss… And a name.  Steve.  Steve will save me.  He always does.  My breathing quickens as two more pieces close in around my face.  Where is Steve?  He should be here by now! And in the last terrifying seconds of