glances around at the fifteen bodies sliced and diced so neatly, clawmarks almost surgical in their precision, and he sighs, covers his ears. She grins up at him, sweetly, and then she screams. He tries not to flinch as the brainsplatter hits him. It's not very assassin-y to flinch.

When he uncovers his ears she's laughing again, and he looks dejectedly around at his pretty kills, headless and gooey now, no good for anything but a bonfire. They'll have to call in a chopper, which Stiles will gripe about. When he works alone he picks up the pieces neatly, spreads new dirt to cover the blood, drops chunks in the deep forest where they'll be eaten quickly. It's an art, and he enjoys it. He's good at it. It feels like composting, somehow. (He's a greenie, sue him.) Lydia, though, she likes the flair, the implosions, skulls crushed and fragmented, eyeballs in the bushes. He doesn't get it. It's messy.

He sighs again, shrugs the echo of her out of his brain, feels a chunk of grey matter slide down his ear and grimaces at the sensation. She picks her way back to their motorbike and giggles along his back the whole way to the rendezvous point. He wonders what went wrong with him that he likes it so much.

*

The one person who doesn't kill for them is Kira. You'd think Scott, but no. Kira. She will if she has to, if they're in danger, but she doesn't get sent out on missions like the rest of them, like the other agents they've found and fostered. He's not sure if she asked Stiles for that or not, but over time she's become their failsafe, their moral compass. She decides right from wrong for them, who they'll agree to kill and why, and then Stiles lays out the plans, organizes the mission, sends the teams. It seems to work. Then again, when they hear one particular rumor, she insists on going, and when they run into a familiar face, hands bloody and eyes cold, Derek grabs and holds and she beheads without hesitating - it's only afterwards that she crumples and cries. When he thinks about it later, it's not that he regrets helping her killing her mother, it's just that he wishes there had been another way. He's glad, though, that she makes those decisions now. He was always terrible at them.

Lydia and Kira are friendly, but they don't really get along. He thinks that's because foxes trick death so often, and death doesn't like tricksters. Neither does he, after the nogitsune, but he must admit his preference for death is mostly because a certain specter of it sometimes wraps herself around him and slowly jerks him off, her juices fresh in his mouth, her breath still coming hard in his ear. He doesn't really prefer her to Stiles, or Stiles to her, at least in this way. When Stiles comes in his mouth he watches his face, watches him fall apart. When Lydia does he grips her hips tighter and keeps on going. She'll smack him if he stops before she's ready, but she always makes it up to him when he least expects it, when he needs it most. Stiles just smooths his hair and whispers to him, pulls him up in their bed, holds him close.

It's sort of the same, in a way.



*

It isn't like Stiles is a taskmaster, especially not when his best agents are his friends and his family, but the world of supernatural kill-evil-for-hire is rough. When Derek gets home from a job, often the only thing he wants to do is to manhandle his husband into the deep-seater bath and soak. Stiles always squawks about the blood filling the water as he combs his fingers through Derek's hair, and Derek always spits water in his face and pokes merciless fingers in his ribs, slides his hands places that have Stiles thrashing and gasping as they rock together.

They usually have to mop the bathroom afterwards. It's a nice way to come home.

He doesn't miss Lydia when he's here. Mostly.

It's not like she misses him, he reminds himself, and she's just across town. He doesn't go there often. Chris and Derek don't really see eye to eye, but aside from the fact that he sleeps with Chris' wife, that's not Derek's fault. Not anymore. Chris was the one who turned them all into hunters, and they're grateful because they're alive - and fucking rich, now - but his code was never Derek's code, and Chris has always had a hard time knowing when to quit. Lydia helps with that, some. When your wife can