field that Keith momentarily forgot his own tension. He might not be the best at reading people, but how was this even a question? Sure, they’d had a rough start and Keith had been undeniably on edge recently, but a lot had changed over the past year. Their so-called rivalry and general antagonism had evolved into friendship- still with an element of rivalry, sure, but now it was usually fun instead of frustrating. Even recently their good moments had outnumbered the bad by a considerable margin.

He glanced up to find Lance staring at him, gaze intent as he searched Keith’s face for the answer to something beyond the question he’d actually asked. It was enough to make the frustration rush back in full force, and he felt his eyes narrow and his cheeks start to heat from the press of emotions that were threatening to spill over and propel him over the edge. 

He didn’t know what Lance read in his expression, but the other paladin dropped his own face into one hand and waved the other at Keith in a sort of vague apology. “Right, stupid question, Lance.”

Keith waited a minute, but Lance had gone quiet again and the silence was so un-Lance-like that it was unsettling. All Keith wanted was to close the distance between them. To force himself to act instead of react. To stop Lance’s unnatural silence and just push forward whatever this was, because seeing Lance nervous was starting to unnerve him as well. “Lance, look, I’m sorry about today. I was out of line. I was just…” Words failed him as they always did, and he dropped his head back against the wall hard enough to reverberate.

Lance removed his hand from his face and glanced back at Keith with surprise. “What? No. I get that. It’s just…” He studied Keith silently for another minute before taking a deep breath. He kind of had the same fuck it, I’m going for it expression he got when he was about to do something that even he thought was a bad idea. “…is that all we are?”

Keith forgot to breathe for a minute, and when he answered his voice might have been more of a squeak than he was ever going to admit. “Friends?” Lance just nodded, and Keith could swear that he felt the edge of the cliff move under his feet because what the fuck was he supposed to do with that question? 

“I…” He slumped farther against the wall, arms tightening across his chest as the flutter of nerves almost made him feel sick. “I don’t know. Are we?” The doubt in his voice was pathetic enough that it made him want to whack his head against the wall again. Harder this time.

“Um…” Lance turned his attention back to his rapidly twisting fingers, but then gave his head a hard shake and sat up straighter. The movement closed the distance between them to an inch, max, not that Keith was keeping track. He took another steadying breath and turned to face Keith, his vulnerable expression completely at odds with the confidence he was obviously trying to force into his posture. “I’m doing this wrong. I’ve just… I’ve been thinking a lot recently. About you. About us.” His eyes locked with Keith’s with that intensity that Keith had been seeing more and more recently. “I don’t want to screw this up. I don’t want to lose you. But I want…” His voice trailed off and his cheeks flushed, but he didn’t look away because Lance rarely back away from anything once he made up his mind. Keith felt his own face flush hotter, like he was burning alive under the intensity of Lance’s gaze.

Releasing the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding, he forced himself to sit up and let himself lean a tiny bit closer. “You want what?” His voice was hoarse, but then so was Lance’s.

“You.” The answer was immediate and made something in Keith relax, because finally one of them was doing something about this, whatever this was. “I want you. I like you, Keith. I want to be more than friends. You’re, just, the first thing I think of every morning and the last thing I think of every night. I want to be with you. I want it so much. And I sound ridiculous, and you’re not saying anything, and I totally screwed this up, didn’t I?”

“No, Lance, stop.” Keith moved to close the tiny remaining bit of space between them as Lance let out a shaky breath. He finally gave in to the temptation and brushed tentative fingers along Lance’s cheek to push the wayward curl behind his ear. Lance froze, blue eyes wide as he stared at Keith with apprehension. “I… I want that too.”

Lance stared at for a moment longer before he released a shaky laugh and slumped, dropping his head to rest