a bitch," he blinked and started getting up. When he tried the door, it was locked tight and he tried to shake it.

"Dave! Unlock this damn door or so help me, I'll skin you!" He yelled. Someone rounded the corner with her arms crossed and he sighed. "Swan," he walked backwards and plopped back on the cot. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" He spat sarcastically.

Emma unlocked his cell and stepped inside just as David had. "Hook...what are you doing?" Her voice wasn't as disapproving as her fathers, but dripping with hurt. "I'm getting drunk, love, don't you know?" 

Emma placed a hand on his knee and looked down. Killian could tell she was struggling with herself at the moment and despite his bitter attitude, he wouldn't let his Swan hurt. 

"I know your pregnant, swan. Did you really tell snow and expect her not to go 'round spouting it off?" Emma glared at him for a minute before moving to sit beside Killian on the cot. He looked down, trying to figure out in his head what he should say next. She seemed to read his mind, she was always good at that when it came to him. "It's yours...I'm only a few weeks along, it's been three months since New York...it's yours, Killian." 

It was a sort of weight dropping from his shoulders. He was still scared, so scared. He wanted to keep his walls high and not let emma in, not let this...baby, break him. He wanted to be a better man for his Swan but this...he didn't think he was worthy of a good life with Emma. He was a villain, villains didn't get happy endings. 

Emma slid her fingertips down his palm and clasped their hands together as she used her other hand to wipe her eyes. Killian needed to do his best by her, he had to...had to try 

"It's alright. We'll be alright," he reached up with his hook and lifted up her chin. She gave him one of her soft smiles and leaned against him. "We've...got this far, we can figure this out...if you want to keep it-." Emma jerked up. "Keep it? Of course I want to keep it, Killian! You don't?" Her eyebrows knitted together. He sighed. 

"That's not what I meant. I mean I'll be here no matter what you decide. If you want to...raise our baby together or...or even give it up, I'll stand by you, okay love?"

It wasn't what emma wanted to hear, he knew, but she settled back into him and let a few more tears trickle down her cheeks. "I want to keep it, Killian...I...I want Henry to have a little brother or sister and...I want a child to raise. I couldn't do that with Henry, like...like my mom and dad didn't get to...do with me. That's why they had Neal."

Killian listened to her talk. He liked to hear her talk, her chest would rumble powerfully. It was a good feeling. Reminded him that she was really here, with him. "Do you want it?" He'd hardly hear the worlds they had been so small. 

"I...I think I want it. I don't not want it. It been three hundred years and I've never...wanted to have children. But I think I'll want it...later on I mean. I'll want everything that comes with it, but I just need to learn how." Emma took it at that and helped him up slowly. Killian smiled and followed her, his hand still in hers. He'd want this. He could learn to.

•_•

Nothing was going to ruin this day. Sure, nothing was exactly threatening their still unborn child, something would, something always did. Emma had gone into labor three hours before and every second felt like a lifetime.

They decided not to know the sex until the baby was born, which was hard because they barley had anything for it. No exes amount of baby clothes. At least they had diapers, which Killian was excited about. They didn't have those where he was from, but he'd never really experienced changing a baby. This whole thing was going to be a new experience.

They'd dressed him, Snow, Regina and charming (emma had insisted) in hospital uniforms. They were getting ready to deliver. Deliver their child. To say he was scared was one hell of an understatement.

David kept covering his eyes and Snow kept grinning at her daughter, holding her hand and working her through the contractions. 

Killian was in the corner of the room having a minor breakdown. Doctor Whale was trying to get him back over