just so blunt. You don't have to be so literal and crass, sweetie :). You don't have to say "cock" and "vagina" and "asshole," that ruins the fun of reading it. There's so many better words that won't ruin the moment. Why not "rod" for penis? I like "cunny" for vagina, it sounds sweet but naughty ;). What about "rosebud" or "starfish" for anus? "Asshole" makes me think of poo, and that isn't what you want for your readers, is it sweetie :)?

Freebird2k5Ever said: What. The fuck. Even.

Okay, okay, okay, but seriously. Don't call me "sweetie," that's another blogger's joke.

Back to the topic at hand: I don't write erotica for the EL James crowd, okay? I write about real people doing real things for hot sweaty fun. (And profit, in the case of that one fic I published under an unlinked alt that nobody has found yet.)

I don't have a "throbbing rod," kid, I have a big dick. I was just going to say dick, but to Hell with modesty, I am generously endowed. I do not have a “flesh spear,” and I do not want to “stab” anyone with my dick. I do not “do battle” with my tongue, and I do not “impale” anyone upon my “tumescent hardness.” My fuckin' ain't violent like that, is the thing. My dick is happy to just be a dick. Sonny Jim is not a John Thomas, and he is certainly not a “maleness,” as males do not always even have dicks in the first place.

(I have been informed by all parties who enjoy it that I am not allowed to refer to my dick as "Sonny Jim" ever again. GDI.)

I don't know how shit goes down in your bedroom, Non, but I daresay you have never been any good at dirty talk. I, however, am a lifelong savant of same. Half the time, I think the harem gets off more on my mouth running than my more-than-adequate oral services.

Now, there are reasons that we are an open polyquad, obviously. Sometimes BF1 seems under the impression that fucking should be a high impact sport with risk of injury, and that pulling hair and spankings and clothespins in intimate areas are suddenly vitally necessary, is part of the reason. I'm switchy, but generally being a sadist is not part of my makeup, so BF2 and the NGF handle that. I am a love sponge. I need to cuddle and pet people, and receive cuddles and pettings in return, and it takes an army to give me as much affection as I require, so they all work together.  BF2 insists that he is only here because we are funny, and NGF is of feline origin and comes and goes as she pleases. That's why she also has NGF-NBF, and I love him, but he won't marry me because he's almost certain he's heterosexual and doesn't want to touch my dick, and he's not entirely sure he's not aromantic, he says.

(He says he is certain that he is both heterosexual and that he does not want to touch my dick, and he sees what I did there. I told him my dick is very nice and he would like it if he tried it. He tells me he does not care to try it. I told him he didn't think he liked cats before Katja. He says that is not the same. I asked him what the difference was between playing with my pussy and petting my dick, and he flipped me off, turned off his hearing aid, and left the room. He is so coy. And pretty. He should really be more flexible, is all I'm saying. I would be so nice to him. And I can make omelets in the morning. Or pancakes. Or breakfast pizza! He likes pizza. I will revise my pitch.)

We are all grownups, is my point. Grown up adults. We don't comfortably melt into each other like sprinkles in warm donut icing. We fool around, or screw, or fuck. Sometimes things break. Hair is pulled. Things are pinched accidentally. Muscles twitch wrong and dildos and/or butt plugs shoot across the room and make everybody laugh.

If I called anybody's asshole a “rosebud” in my bedroom, they would laugh me right out of the bed, and well-deserved. Same for a “starfish” or a “pucker,” for Christ's sake. And NGF has informed me that if I refer to her vulva/vagina as a “cunny,” she will personally lacerate my tongue. Then she will confiscate every beverage in my house with the possible exceptions of coffee and lemon juice.

(I said I would drink tap water. She assured me that she