were in the sack. Strictly platonic. Really, the guy had been an angel and had fallen and he had been a goddamn millennia old virgin and then he had had sex. As a human. Of course this had piqued Dean’s interest a little. But there had been nothing more to it.

Except now there was. Except now Cas was staring hopefully, imploringly at Dean and Dean just… just couldn’t.

"Fuck no!"  he barked and swatted a hand in front of himself to really drive his point home. "You can’t go around saying I’m your Daddy, Cas. That’s… That’s just wrong."

Cas cocked his head and did that fucking confused-puppy face. "Why?"

"Because I’m not you Daddy!" Dean hollered as Sammy laughed harder and Cas’ confusion turned to a scowl.

"I know that." He said in a huff. "My father is no longer with us, you know this too. We would just be saying it so that—"

"I said no." Dean bit out and effectively ended the conversation by stomping away.

Goddamnit all to hell, he had just wanted to have a nice drink with his brother and best friend and just look where the fucking night had gone. Right down the crapper. What a shocker.







*****

The third time it happened was the absolute worst and also the final straw.

It had gone three weeks since the last time and even though things seemed fine on the surface Dean knew it totally wasn’t. Cas had been stand-offish since Dean had yelled at him and Sam had said he thought Cas’ feelings were hurt. That maybe they should just tell him and Dean had told his brother to go ahead Sammy. Please tell Cas, an ex-angel, all about the concept of daddy kinks. Predictably, that had made Sam back off.

Still, though, their dynamic was damaged and Dean somehow knew it was his fault. Or that he at least should be the one to fix it but fuck if he knew how.

This time, when it happened, they were still working the case. Sam was back at the motel, researching, and Cas and Dean had just spent the whole day in their fed suits, interviewing families and checking out corpses. Dean had wanted something to muddle his memories of the dead ten-year-olds he had spent the day looking at. Cas had agreed to a drink and they had left Sam to the research. Dean felt only a little guilty about that because the thought of hanging out with Cas actually cheered him. He hadn’t felt awesome about the cold shoulder Cas had been giving him and he thought that maybe after a couple of drinks he would be able to tell his friend that. And then maybe Cas would stop being an ice queen because he knew feelings were hard for Dean. So yeah, felt pretty good.

Except the night didn’t go exactly as planned.

Oh, they drank alright. Not much but a few whiskeys, and they talked and actually smiled at each other and Dean had kind of forgotten how Cas could smile with his whole face. So he had thought it was going well but then Cas had started talking to the woman next to him and that was fine. Dean actually felt a little proud of him and he started flirting with a woman of his own just so he wouldn’t catch himself eavesdropping. 

The woman was nice and all but Dean wasn’t very into it and she probably figured it out pretty quickly. She was replaced by another woman, a man, and then finally a third woman, which was good because Dean had been a little nervous when that man sat down, to be perfectly frank. Men had hit on him before and probably would keep doing it but it always made him at odds with himself. On the one hand, compliment, on the other, uneasy nervous fluttering in the pit of his stomach.

When the third woman turned to the man on her other side Dean turned to Cas to tell him that maybe they should call it. It was getting pretty late anyway and even though Dean was far from drunk he felt tired enough to sleep anyway. Plus Sammy was getting antsy in that mothering way of his, if his latest texts were anything to go by.

But Cas wasn’t there. Dean felt odd when he looked at the man that at some point had taken Cas’ seat. It wasn’t that Cas wasn’t allowed to walk around on his own, of course, but it was just… where the hell would he go?

Dean turned and looked around the dimply lit bar. It wasn’t as run-down as some they had been to but this only meant there were much more people milling about. Dean sighed and resolved to go check the restrooms first and if that didn’t pan out, then call his friend.

But it sure as fuck panned out alright. Oh, Dean found Cas on his first try. Just opened the door to the restrooms and there, nestled between the first stall and the