him to do whatever he wanted. He chuckled daringly, getting up and approaching you with slow, calculated steps, watching you swallow expectantly and turn your body around according to his angle, hiding your privates and breasts from his ravishing, hungry gaze.

 

When you came to yourself, your back was pressed against the wall, his warm hands holding you by the waist and his lips hovering over your parted ones. Your body was on fire by his prurient stare only, and you feebly pressed your knees together, as if it could hide from his inquisition your state of arousal or the wetness starting to gather between your legs.

 


“Try adding a few decades to that, darlin’. Like seven, maybe eight.”



 


He brushed his lips, teeth and nose on your jaw line, pressing his hard body against yours close enough for you to feel the volume of his impressive, meaty erection through his trousers and the towel keeping you apart. You bit your lower lip to avoid any sound from coming out, your hands giving up on holding the fluffy fabric and sliding up his arms to hold him by his shoulder as you mustered up your rapidly dropping level of full consciousness to try and come up with a sassy remark.

 


“Woah, gramps. I didn’t know you were that old—Ahh!”



 


A half-gasp, half-moan interrupted your speech when he turned you around with one swift motion, placing his boner between your ass cheeks and rubbing it mischievously in a slow, torturous pace. You watched from the edge of your vision his eyes blazing with desire and a predatory smile becoming your entire world as he growled huskily against your ear, hands moving to the front of your body to cup your breasts, kneading them softly and earning a heated moan of yours again as reward.


 



“No more smart-mouthed retorts, darlin’. Just lemme do my job to please you.”



 


Searching for support on the wall with your forearms, you raised your hips and started to move them in a circular, clockwise motion, rubbing back your ass against his full cock length. Benny grunted ardently on your earlobe, his face disappearing from your sight as he started to leave harsh love bites at the back of your neck and flicker the tip of his tongue to smear his saliva over your newly bruised skin. His thumbs and forefingers began to play with your perky nipples, pinching, squeezing and almost driving you insane.


 


“B-Benny… Wait.”, you pleaded, proceeding even after he had clearly chosen to ignore your failed attempt to sound like you didn’t want him to take you right there, right now, “My hair is a mess and I… Hah—P-probably still stink of cleaning products, medication and… Oh, God!”, you left your sentence hanging in the air, unable to finish; pressing your forehead against the wall and closing your eyes. You could sense him taking a deep sniff of your neck scent, a satisfied purr lingering in your throat as he got harder and harder against you due to your ministrations.


 



“Nonsense. You look and smell fantastic to me, like always. But if you want it so bad, we can take this to the shower. I really don’t mind.”



 


His hands left your breasts for a quick moment and you heard his coat fall to the floor, still managing to find inside you the nerve to laugh lowly.

 


“You’re not… Gonna let this slide, are you?”



 


“Never. Unless you want me to.”, he answered decisively, yet attentive to your innermost, real desires, turning your head to the side and pressing your lips together in a careless, needy and messy kiss. The hand that wasn’t holding your face slid down your stomach to find its nest between the folds of your pussy, making you moan louder into his mouth, open your legs wider and shudder under his expert touch enticing your pleasure bud with steady, round motions. His fingers were soon coated with a thick layer of your excitement fluids, playing closer to your entrance, but not quite penetrating it, “Don’t tell me you’re regretting it now that you found out I’m probably a bigger bite than you can chew, huh, sweetheart?”


 


What he said was the trigger you needed to turn the tables, escape from his much stronger grasp and press him against the wall instead; an out-of-control, primal hiss coming from your lips as he watched you with that same cocky, brash smile of his from whenever he succeeded at pushing your buttons just right.

 


“We’re so taking this to the fucking shower now, you manipulative bastard.”



 



“…Now, that’s more like what my naughty, sexy hunter would say.”



 


He winked at you and, immediately, your hands and mouths were all over each other’s bodies. Piece after piece of clothing, you disrobed the astonishingly warm vampire, throwing his shirt somewhere behind you and helping him get rid of the trousers pooling around his ankles and his shoes and socks that just wouldn’t come off if he tried to do it by himself.


 


When he was in his birthday