paused, “Wait, no!” Sehun groaned, tightening his grip on Yixing’s shirt to keep him close. “I’ve never done it with a stranger before, not like this is what I meant.”

“Oh,” Yixing replied. “But, do you still want to?” His tone was serious and Sehun knew instantly that he could back away now if he wanted to. He just had to say he wanted to stop and Yixing would let him go, he was sure of it.

Mulling over the thought, Sehun’s eyes fell onto Yixing’s obvious boner, not really hidden in those tight skinnies, and quickly made up his mind. He wouldn’t back away now. Sehun wanted Yixing, and he wanted him back so why would he? They were going to have a good time and nothing was wrong with that. After all, it wasn’t like it was Sehun’s first time having sex, so it wouldn’t be much different from any other times. He just had to figure out how to pleasure Yixing—he was counting on the Chinese student to guide him—and go along with it.

“Yes,” he stated firmly. “I want it.”

Yixing offered him a beaming dimpled smile and grabbed his hands to slide them under his own tank top. His skin was warm and smooth under his fingerprints and Sehun’s breath hitched, licking his lips nervously. Yixing waited for him to look up before taking off the piece of clothing and chuckling when Sehun’s cheeks heated up at the sight of his muscled torso. With hesitation, Sehun caressed Yixing’s chest with featherlike touches, his fingers running from his waist to his neck, brushing his collarbone and shoulders, and nearly moaned when Yixing’s biceps contracted as he squeezed them.

Yixing had a very nice body indeed, and Sehun was already imagining the Chinese student throwing him around, pinning him down as Yixinghe fucked his brain out.

Licking his lips in anticipation, Sehun could feel his pants tighten as he explored Yixing’s body with more assurance now, teasingly stroking the top of his boxers which went past his jeans. Catching Sehun’s hands in his, Yixing held them above his head in a loose grip around his wrists, tearing off a strangled noise from the younger. He looked into his eyes intensely then tiptoed to kiss Sehun hard, his body pressed flush against the younger’s, trapping him against the door.

Trailing his lips along Sehun’s jaw, chin and neck, Yixing went down his chest, leaving wet kisses on his way before releasing the younger’s hands and kneeling in front of him. Unbuttoning his jeans with nimble fingers, Yixing slid them down Sehun’s long legs, leaving him only with his boxers on, a wet patch already formed at the front.

Yixing licked his lips, sending him a sultry look, and mouthed at his cock through the fabric, his hands cupping his balls and rolling them into his palms playfully. Throwing his head back against the door, Sehun groaned and arched his back, resisting the urge to buck up his hips. Chuckling at his reaction, Yixing finally stripped him off his boxers, quickly attaching his mouth to Sehun’s hardening length and sucking it noisily as his hands wandered on his waist and thighs.

Whining low in his throat, Sehun’s fists tightened before he clumsily tugged at Yixing’s hair. The latter moaned around him and bobbed his head faster, his tongue licking the slit as his hand pumped what he couldn’t take into his mouth. Soon after, Sehun pushed his head away and inhaled sharply, his legs trembling from the pleasure his body was experiencing.

“I won’t last,” he mumbled.

“Already?” Yixing asked in a gentle tone, looking up at him from under his eyelashes. He wasn’t teasing nor mocking so Sehun simply bit his lips and nodded. “Okay, let’s continue on the bed,” Yixing added, standing up to press a small kiss to Sehun’s lips in reassurance.

Yixing turned around and shimmied out of his jeans with some difficulties—skinnies and boner were never a good combination. After that, he bent down to retrieve them completely, offering an alluring view of his backside to Sehun. The latter whimpered at the sight, still standing against the door like a deer caught in the headlights, with his boxers still at his feet.

Yixing plopped himself down on his bed and got comfortable before patting the empty space next to him in invitation with one hand, the other palming his hard on still confined in his boxers. When Sehun didn’t move, Yixing blinked at him, eyeing him from head to toe curiously, still stroking himself lazily. He licked his lips and stared pointedly at Sehun’s dick, making the younger’s toes curl as he basked in the attention. “Aren’t you coming?” Yixing asked, lifting his eyebrow, and Sehun moaned at the double meaning.

Pushing away his boxers with his feet, Sehun scampered towards him and stopped next to the bed, fidgeting slightly, unsure of