not even twins. Max has just joined the baseball team, a little late but they’re accepting of stragglers and Dean thinks that sounds nice.

Ava Wilson is the oldest, being a senior, and she’s kind of hard to talk to. She seems kind but she gets these moments when she just stops and stares out into space. Charlie’s told Dean that Ava’s boyfriend killed himself during the summer but that Ava is sure he was murdered. Dean doesn’t like to think about it.

Andrew “Andy” Gallagher is a loopy kid in Charlie’s class. He’s told Dean he can get him weed any time he wants and Dean suspects he smokes his own stashes. He’s fun to hang out with and makes Dean feel relaxed.

In just the few short weeks Dean’s been in the music club he’s already started to like this group of people better than his other friends and he felt bad about that until Sam pointed out that his other friends are idiots. Dean wishes more people on the football team were like the people in the music club because he really likes playing football but wishes the team was more relaxed.

“Is Gilda the blonde in the drama club?” he asks and tries not to sound like a douche.

Charlie just smiles, though. “Yeah, you’ve seen her? Isn’t she beautiful?” she gets a faraway look in her eyes and Dean thinks about what Gilda looked like playing Rapunzel in last year’s Christmas play. Who could have missed her?

“She is.”

“Not as beautiful as Lisa, though, am I right?” Alicia teases and elbows Dean.

He grins because he feels like he has to. “Of course not.” He doesn’t want to think about Lisa.

The party that Charlie had referred to was the costume party Bela Talbot had thrown. Dean and Lisa had of course gone together and she had made him wear some horrible medieval knight suit to match her sexy princess dress, which had been so sexy that it had drawn stares that honestly had made Dean uncomfortable.

His football friends had teased him and called him whipped but Lisa had been happy so Dean had supposed that was what mattered. The evening had ended in yet another fight, though. Again it was about sex and Dean is frankly goddamn tired of it. If he doesn’t want to fuck his girlfriend in the bathroom while people wait in line to take a piss just outside a flimsy wooden door then he doesn’t want to. Simple as that.

It had only gotten worse when Amara had sauntered up and started ogling Dean because somehow that was apparently his fault. Amara hasn’t hung out with them since she and Lisa had a big fight and Dean had honestly thought that she had gotten over him but apparently not. Dean still doesn’t know why that is his fault but according to Lisa it is.

She’s barely spoken two words to him since and that was a week ago. He feels like a dog following her around. Maybe Sammy was right after all…

“So, are you okay talking to Charlie and all?” Ava asks suddenly and Dean frowns in confusion, he’s been talking to her for multiple weeks now.

“Yeah, why wouldn’t I…?” he stops, hangs his head. “Oh.”

“Ava.” Charlie hisses and Ava makes a noncommittal sound. “I’m sorry Dean, we know you’re not like your dad.”

“Maybe your dad’s not so bad?” Alicia tries kindly but Ava just snorts. Dean understands her but it still stings.

“He’s a good dad.” Dean mumbles. “We don’t agree on everything, though.”

Charlie puts a hand on his arm. “Could be worse, he could be outside the school holding protest signs.”

That actually puts a smile on Dean’s face. “I would die if that happened.” He swallows and his smile slips off his face as he thinks about dad’s heated words from last semester. He’s calmed down now and seems to accept that Mr. Novak is employed fulltime but just remembering makes Dean uncomfortable. “I’m sorry, though. Dad says a lot of shit and maybe he doesn’t mean them all but they still hurt. Sammy says dad’s got no brain-to-mouth filter.”

Charlie grins. “Hey I’m okay, but if you really feel like apologizing you should do it to Mr. N instead. He took the brunt of it.”

And did it like a champ, from what Dean’s heard. Rumor has it that Mr. Novak stood tall and with a straight back as several parents, Dean’s dad included, yelled right in his face about his sexual preferences. Mr. Novak’s face had been an impassive mask and it had been his lack of response that had eventually calmed the parents down.

Dad had been mad about that when he came home after the PTA meeting but when Dean heard about it he thought it sounded so cool. Dean