under Dean.

The deep rumble of Sam’s moan goes straight to Dean’s dick, and before he can think about it, he’s pouncing on his little brother.

“This is so fucked up, Sammy,” He growls.

“Don’t care,” Sam gasps as Dean straddles Sam and starts rocking against him. “Been so long, Dean.”

Sam’s strong hands are clutching at Dean’s back, pulling his t-shirt up and off, sounding wild and lost and hungry and so many other things that Dean has never heard in Sam’s voice.

“Please, Dean,” Sam pushes his face into Dean’s neck, “Been so long, alone for so long, need this so bad.”

It should sober him, should make Dean snap out of this drunk and horny haze and stop, but it doesn’t, not one bit. It makes him pull Sam’s shirt off, pull him closer, makes him hiss and shudder when they're skin on skin. Somewhere, way in the back of his head, there is a little voice telling Dean that this is so fucked up, over and over again. So fucked up, so fucked up, so fucked-

“Need so bad, Dean, need you so bad,” Sam is licking and biting Dean’s neck and shoulders between words. “You’re all I’ve got, need you so bad.”

And the little voice fades away, silenced by Sam’s need, by Dean’s need to give Sam anything he needs, everything he needs, no matter what. It’s easy then, easy to make this just one more thing that Dean gives, one more thing that’s fucked up about their lives, one more thing that sets them apart from everyone else, one more thing that binds them together.

“Easy, Sammy,” He pets Sam’s hair, “It’s okay, it’s okay.”

He feels Sam smile against his neck, feels Sam’s hands slow their frantic pace across his back, and everything slows down for a moment. Dean runs his hand down Sam’s side, pets over his ribs and Sam’s head falls back on the pillow, another hungry moan filling Dean’s ears. Sam’s hands are on Dean’s jeans, popping the button and pulling down the zipper, and the next thing Dean knows he’s flat on his back, Sam looming over him. Sam’s face is splotchy red, his smile a bit wild as he pulls off Dean’s jeans and boxers all at once, and then quickly shucks his own.

Some things you just can’t think about too much, Dean tells himself, like why it’s the hottest thing ever to have Sam stretch out on top of him, settle between Dean’s legs like they were made to fit each other. No thinking at all as their dicks fit against each other, hard and hot and so good it makes them both gasp and rock against each other, finding an easy rhythm.

“Ah, fuck yes, Dean, god,” Sam groans, Dean’s eyes opening at the sound when he hadn’t even realized he’d closed them.

Like a live wire is connecting them, he feels his whole body come alive under Sam. Dean hooks his legs over Sam’s, rolls his hips up harder and higher, needing more. Sam’s hair is sticking to his forehead, and Dean reaches up to brush it out of Sam’s eyes without thinking. Sam’s eyes are dark, heavy lidded, his face flushed with lust and need. He leans down, both his hands holding Dean’s head still, as Sam crosses the last line, and kisses Dean, wet and deep. Dean’s eyes roll in the back of his head as he feels Sam’s kiss start on his lips, but then Sam’s whole body rolls with it, like a wave starting at their mouths and rolling all the way down to their feet. Somehow, Dean already knew what Sam would taste like, and the familiarity makes it easy for him to kiss back, sucking Sam’s tongue in rhythm with their hips. His hands are clutching Sam’s shoulders, sliding across the expanse of muscles that flex and strain under his fingers. Dean hears himself moaning, the storm pounding on the roof, bed springs squeaking, and his head spins. He pulls his mouth from Sam’s, gasping for air.

“Jesus,” Dean moans as Sam’s mouth bites across his jaw. “Fuck, yeah, harder.”

Sam’s teeth sink into his flesh, and he feels Sam’s growl vibrate across his skin, settling into his bones. Sparks, Dean swears he sees sparks, but then realizes he’s closed his eyes again.

“That’s gonna leave a mark,” Sam fucking purrs next to Dean’s ear, one arm braced on the bed next to Dean’s head, his other hand sliding down