him with the thrill he needs. But even if that was the case... didn't Sherlock need someone like him, too? Someone who would support him unconditionally?

It  was nearly four in the morning when Sherlock made up his mind and  willed himself to stand and unlock his door. It had been pointless. John  hadn't come. Sherlock had eventually hoped he would, then he had even  craved his presence, to chase away the consuming emptiness. He had  waited, and waited, but John hadn't come. Sherlock had hated him for it,  until he realized John was waiting too.

Noiselessly, he made his  way through the oppressively quiet flat, climbed up the creaking steps  of the stairs, and stopped before John's room. His hand trembled as he  reached for the handle tentatively, then suddenly, on impulse, he pushed  the wooden panel open and stepped in. He swallowed what little was left  of his pride, and he went to sit softly on his friend's bed. His hands  were no longer trembling, but clenched into fists resting on his lap  tensely. It was high time to struggle against the tightening grip of  solitude and emptiness. Sherlock's deep baritone voice broke the silence  of the night.

"John. I'll need your help."


x.x.x


The  crash struck Sherlock like lightning. The effect was so drastic, and  Sherlock so tragically aware of it, that he refused to leave the flat at  all. John had to find ways to occupy his hands to prevent him from  scratching relentlessly, as his arms especially never ceased to itch.  Sherlock had never been so irritable, but he was also profoundly  depressed and so exhausted he was terrified John would give up on him  and leave. He was all at once unbearably anxious to keep his friend by  his side, and incredibly angry with him for refusing him what he craved.

Because  he did crave cocaine, like he never craved it. The pining was so  intense it threw him in a contradictory sea of fury and fatigue, never  allowing him to rest. Not even at night: sleep was escaping him, and he  was left exposed to the onslaughts of his craving.

"John. I can't do this. Give me some."

"I won't," John replied inflexibly for the umpteenth time.

"I need it!" Sherlock exploded, desperate. "I can't sleep, I can't eat..."

"You must eat. Here. Your diet is key to the success of your withdrawal."

"I'm not hungry. The nausea is so bad I'd just throw it all up."

"Then I'll prepare something for you again. Just eat, Sherlock. Please."

The tone wasn't pleading, but the word snapped Sherlock out of his irritability, and he was drowned in guilt and self-hatred. Why do you have to say "please"? Why are you still here?

He ate, his throat constricted with the unsaid words.


x.x.x


Between  endless nights of craving, filled with outbursts of anger and despair,  and days Sherlock was beginning to wish would end, the withdrawal became  harder and harder.

"You can do this, Sherlock."

"I can't. I'll end up killing myself. I'll end up killing you." More than fear, there was almost a threat in his voice. John didn't reply.

Every  passing day, the devoted doctor and friend would prepare Sherlock's  meals, and wait by his side until he swallowed it all. When in a fit of  rage the detective threw the plate off the table or at the wall, John  simply made something again, while Sherlock cleaned up in silence. This  was their tacit agreement: that John would keep offering, and Sherlock  would keep trying to fix things.

"John... I think I don't want to sleep."

The doctor looked up from his newspaper and stared at his friend curled up on the couch.

"Why? I thought it would on the contrary..."

"I  have nightmares," Sherlock let out in a whisper, fear flickering in his  eyes, his traits the most blatant figure of exhaustion.

"Do you want to talk about it?" John asked, his tone careful. But Sherlock still snapped...

"Isn't it what I just did? God, John, I'm asking only one little thing from you, only one. Little. Thing. Stop being so daft."

He  stood and stormed out of the living-room, slamming the door of his own  room behind him. John didn't blink, used by now to his partner's violent  mood swings. It didn't make the harshness of the words any less  painful.

The more Sherlock snapped at John, the more contrite he  felt, and so the more irritable he became. This resulted in him being  even more cruel to his friend, when all he wanted was to apologise, and  beg for his forgiveness. He couldn't, though, and John knew. He forgave  him anyway.

Mycroft came, once – and