washing Rodney’s feet and legs, stroking and kissing and licking as he went.  Radek batted Rodney’s hands away from his body and started washing the dirt off his lover.  Rodney groaned happily, then reached for the shampoo and started washing Radek’s hair, gently massaging his scalp.  Radek smiled at him, leaning forward to kiss him affectionately as they washed each other.  Rodney’s hands in his hair felt wonderful.  He closed his eyes to wallow in the sensations as Rodney’s fingers rubbed across his scalp and stroked carefully through his hair.

Suddenly, Carson sucked Radek’s cock into his mouth, and Radek gasped in surprise and thrust, once, into the hot-wet-tight-yes-more-now of his lover’s mouth before he could control himself.  He shuddered as Carson moaned in response, licking and sucking hungrily.

Luckily Rodney’s arms were around him, holding Radek up as his legs began to tremble, his fingers playing with his nipples.  Radek moaned.  “Carson, more, oh yes, there.  Carson.  God,” and then he lost his English and fell into Czech.  “Ano.  Ano, Carson.  Ještĕ!”  Carson’s eyes twinkled up at him, and he braced Radek’s hips with his hands and sucked harder.

Radek felt Rodney’s hardness against his ass, and he leaned back into his lover’s arms as his hips began to jerk.  Rodney’s arm clamped tight about his waist, holding him up, and Carson just kept sucking.  Radek spared a moment to wonder how the man managed to breathe, and then the glorious sensations spiralled out of control and he gave himself over to the rhythm of it, shouting and pulsing into Carson’s wonderful, talented mouth.

Carson stood up, grinning wickedly, kissed him and kissed Rodney.  Radek just leaned into their bodies and trusted them to hold him up until he regained control of his brain and his body.  He glowed, and sighed, and breathed, and they held him as he whispered Czech endearments in their ears. Happily sandwiched between his lovers, Radek closed his eyes and nuzzled into Carson’s neck as they kissed over his shoulder.

After a while, somewhere above his head and far away, he heard Rodney say, “Wow, Carson, I think you broke him,” in a soft and laughing voice.

Carson said, “Radek?” and someone’s hand stroked his hair.  Radek batted it away – couldn’t they see he was trying to sleep, here? – and Carson said, “Radek, wake up love.  You can’t sleep in the shower.  Radek.”

Rodney poked him in the ribs and then tickled him until he had to wake up, slapping at Rodney’s hands and squirming away, swearing at him in Czech, “Curaku!  Tebe ar takovy neurc clen osel!”

Rodney smiled angelically and sweetly said, “Ah, Zézette,” as he gave him the finger, “suce ma queue!”

His lovers bundled him out of the shower and started to dry him off.  Carson went straight for his and Rodney’s feet and legs, as usual, and Rodney dried the rest of him, briskly rubbing at his hair.  Radek leaned into their hands, humming and blinking sleepily, still feeling blessed-out in the afterglow.  Feeling playful, he kissed and nipped at mouths and fingers whenever they came within reach.

He started to wake up again as they laid him down on their bed and cuddled up next to him.  Radek felt Rodney’s half-hard cock pressing against his hip, and started stroking Rodney and Carson’s bodies, admiring the picture they made as they kissed hungrily in front of him.  Their skin was soft and fresh from the shower, flushed with arousal; their lips were wet and red and slightly swollen; their eyelashes fluttered against their cheekbones.  They kissed as lazily as if they had all the time in the world and as passionately as if they hadn’t seen each other for months.  Radek felt his cock trying to harden again, and laughed softly to himself, because, really, didn’t his body know he was not eighteen any more?

He reached out and stroked one hand across Carson’s shoulder, and the other down Rodney’s chest, making Rodney gasp as he toyed with his nipples.  He loved putting that look on Rodney’s face.   Radek caught Rodney’s eye, licked his lips, and leaned forward.  Rodney gasped again in anticipation … and Radek changed direction at the last minute, licking and sucking Carson’s nipple instead.  Startled, Carson jerked in their arms, and Rodney thwapped Radek on the head.  “Smartass cocktease.”  Radek snickered, and Rodney said, “Carson, you want him, don't you?  Help me roll him over.”

Radek heard Carson moan, and then his lovers tackled him, pushing him down onto his front on the bed.  Radek groaned himself, in anticipation, and tried to be as helpful as possible as his lovers’ hands got him into a position they were happy with.