Both our peoples need to see this. It will go a long towards ending the animosity between us, and maybe someday my children will live to see an era where the Talaxians and Haakonian Order are allies. Maybe even friends."

"An admirable goal Doctor Jetrel," Neelix said. "But misguided. My people started the war. My people pushed yours into using the weapon in the first place. And my people still blame it all on you, even though you didn't work alone on the research, even though you weren't on the ship that fired the weapon, even though you had nothing to do with the surrender process. To most of my people you're a scary story to tell around camp fires to frighten children. You come to them with this inoculation, no one will take it. They'll throw it in your face and accuse you of trying to poison them.

"I'll say it bluntly Doctor. Your family had a point."

"Neelix!" Janeway said, sounding shocked.

"You," Neelix continued, "are letting your guilt over what happened on Rinax cloud your judgement. I forgave you years ago. You did what you had to do. It was an act of desperation, even if you don't want to believe that. Go home, be with your family, and spend your last days in peace. Give your research over to this ship's doctor. He has access to medicines and medical technologies most people in this quadrant can only dream of. If anyone can finish it it'll be him. I thank you, truly and honestly, for the work you've been doing on this inoculation. It will help my people. But they will never thank you for it, I know them too well. Why do you think I've chosen to join a crew that is headed to a totally different quadrant of the galaxy?"

Jetrel was genuinely stunned. He'd met Talaxians who had opposed the war before, but none who had been so blunt as to suggest that the deploying of the weapon had been justified. It took him a moment to recover from the shock of Neelix's response.

"I see," he said. "Perhaps you're right Mr. Neelix. But I have to try. I've come too far to walk away from this now."

"Doctor," Tuvok said, "have you ever heard of the sunk cost fallacy?"

Later that day, Kes went looking for Neelix. She had heard about the guest from a race that Neelix's people had been at war at, and felt that he probably needed someone he could talk to. However, at the time on board where he would normally have returned to their quarters after finishing dinner in the mess hall, she instead had to go looking for him. After asking the computer where he was, she went where the voice told her; the mess hall. The lights were down, and she couldn't see anyone right away on first glance. After taking a second look, she saw Neelix, sitting on the floor, leaning against the counter.

"Neelix?" she said, concern in her own voice.

"Hi," was all Neelix could say. Kes slid down to the floor to sit next to him, putting her hand on his.

"Neelix, what's wrong? You know you can tell me," she said.

Neelix looked at her silently for a moment, before sighing.

"Is this about that alien who came aboard today?" Kes asked.

"Yes," Neelix admitted. He then proceeded to tell her things she'd never heard before about his life before they'd met; about the war, about the metreon cascade, about losing his family, about the reasons Doctor Jetrel was aboard, and about how the way he talked about his people were the way he only wished they were as opposed to how they actually were.

"I'm sorry I lied to you Kes," he said once he was done.

"You were ashamed of your people," she said. "I know what that feels like, you know how I felt about the way my people behaved under the Caretaker. You had to know that I would sympathize with you on this."

"Maybe I did, deep down. But I don't like talking about my people the way they are now. I mean, what does it say about them that I can sit here and feel more sympathy for the man who created a weapon of mass destruction than I do for my own home planet? I lost family on Rinax, kes. I should hate Jetrel, shouldn't I? But I can't bring myself to do it. Not now, and certainly not after seeing the pain in his eyes. He really hates himself for creating that weapon, a weapon his people wouldn't have had to use if mine hadn't pushed them."

"Does that make it right though?" Kes asked.

"It's easy to ask that question now," Neelix said. "With a decade and a half behind