t sleep.

He doesn’t usually have a problem getting to sleep during the training camps. They’re secluded enough that the city noise doesn’t reach where they’re staying, and Kenma has earplugs if he needs them, but tonight.

Tonight, something is different. Kenma doesn’t have earplugs to wear, he threw out his last pair this morning, thinking he had more in his bag. He should have had more in his bag. He can hear what sounds like muffled base, or voices, he’s not sure which. But he hears it, and it’s all he can think about.


Where is it coming from. Why are people playing things so late. Why are they playing it so loudly. Why, when people are trying to sleep. Why why w hy  w h  y.



Why can’t he be normal.


Someone inhales across the room – Kenma identifies it as Lev, who never sleeps quietly – snoring loudly and distracting Kenma for a split second before his muscles are back to tightening once more at the sound of the muffled base. He deduces that it’s not voices, considering it’s well into the night and no one would still be awake. Someone may have left something on, like a phone.

Kenma sits up, looking over at Kuroo’s cot and envying that the elder male he sleeping soundly – even if it’s with his pillow wrapped around his head. He’s still sleeping, and Kenma is jealous. He gets up, carefully shuffling out of the Nekoma room and beginning to venture down the hall. He pauses outside of the Fukurodani room, listening carefully for any noise inside. When he doesn’t hear any, he walks to the other side of the Nekoma room where Karasuno is staying.

He hears something faint inside the room and nearly rips the door open – nearly, but he manages to just slide it open gently – to discover the source. The source is laying next to Hinata’s head, blaring a YouTube video he must have been watching as he fell asleep. Carefully, as to not disturb anyone, Kenma tip-toes over to Hinata’s cot, pausing the video with a soft sigh. Mission accomplished, he heads back to his own room and lays down again, content that he’ll be able to get back to sleep.

Only to hear the unmistakable muffled thump of base.

Kenma whimpers, loudly. He swears he sees Kuroo stir, but the elder male settles back down just as quickly. Kenma’s jealous once again.

He’s tired. He just wants to sleep. They had so many matches that day, and they’ll have more tomorrow. He needs to sleep. His nose burns as tears well in his eyes, and he reaches up to cover his ears, turning on his side. He tries to stay as quiet as he can as he cries. He’s so emotionally drained, he’s tired, he can’t take this anymore.


Please.


Kenma sniffles, his tears beginning to wet his pillow below him. Maybe if he cries enough he’ll fall asleep despite when his ears are hearing. He presses his fingers into his ears, trying to block out as much sound as he can despite his nails digging into his skin. It hurts, but it doesn’t matter, he doesn’t want to hear anything.

He feels like he’s close to sobbing – who knows, he may as well be – snot dripping from his nose and breath hot as he tries to catch his breath through his mouth. The right side of his face is wet, gravity bringing all his tears down with him. He’s whimpering, curled up tightly in the fetal position, all the muscles in his body as tense as they possibly can be as he squeezes himself. If only someone would mistake his head for a rock and kick it hard enough to knock him out.

Kenma doesn’t notice that Kuroo has stirred until he feels a thumb under his eye, wiping his cheek. Kenma looks up and sniffles, just barely registering the concern on Kuroo’s face. Shit, he woke him up.


I’m the worst.


Kuroo reaches up and taps his own ear, as silent question, asking if something Kenma’s hearing is making him cry. Kenma nods stiffly, his body still tense. Kuroo glances at the wall, seeming to listen for a second before nodding. Kenma stays lying down tightly while Kuroo gets up, closing his eyes again. He knows Kuroo won’t find the source. He couldn’t find the source, and Kuroo is normal. He has even less of a chance.

He’s going to start crying all over again.

Kuroo comes back quickly, much to the surprise of Kenma, but he comes bearing gifts. Kuroo sits down on his cot, holding out his hand palm up, and Kenma’s eye gravitate to said palm.


Earplugs.


Kenma sits up fast enough to give himself whiplash but he doesn’t care, he’ll be able to