your status and theirs, si?



Austria: Correct, and I am an only child, so that put further pressure on me to marry and bear heirs.



Spain: Such an unfair expectation to put upon someone . . .



Austria: I was ready, prepared, and willing to do it for my family.



Spain: What about 

you?




Austria: I . . I . . If there had been a suitor I liked, perhaps. But it seems perhaps my standards were too high, none ever seemed to be dancing to my music.



Spain: Your standards are your standards. If they seemed too high, perhaps a look around somewhere else will help you find who you're looking for.



Austria: (Nods.)  Maybe.



Spain: (Hums in agreement, thinking.)  . . . What kind of dancing?



Austria: Ah, sorry. That was a metaphor I like to use when it comes to love.



Spain: No, no. You mentioned you studied dance. What kind of dance do you enjoy?



Austria: Waltzing, mostly, though I do polka, and a few others. I have even dabbled in your Spanish dances.



Spain: (Smirks.)  Oh 

have 

you~? Like what?



Austria: The Flamenco, the Tango, Pasodoble, a handful of folk dances.  (Shrugs.)  The like.



Spain: It sounds like you learned some of the best dances there is in Spanish culture~.



Austria: I love dancing, what better mixture us there of music and the movement of the body?



Spain: (Smiles.)  I don't think there is one. A better mixture, that is.



Austria: (Smiles, glad they found this in common.)  Do you like dancing, then?



Spain: (Eyes light right up at the question.)  I 

love 

dancing! There's just such emotion that goes into each that, when executed perfectly, can make you 

feel 

so strongly with the dance. The Tango is passion, Flamenco for flirtatiousness, and so much more~!



Austria: Perhaps we should go dancing sometime.



Spain: (Hugs Roderich happily.)  Si, I agree. . . 



Austria: (Quietly smiles, going back to looking at Lovino's art.)  



Spain: (Nuzzles the angel with a bright smile, looking over the art before them.) 



Austria: Is he busy today? I would like to talk to him about his art.



Spain: I know he's working, but I can make it so he's not too busy to speak with you.  (Small smile.)



Austria: I wouldn't want to interrupt him to call him here . . .  --  

*But I actually don't mind if we did too much. If he was a tad sweaty and flustered-looking, I wouldn't mind 


at all

.



Spain: It's alright, I'm sure he'd be alright with coming out to speak with you about his art. 



Austria: (Innocently.)  Call him for me, bitte?



Spain: (Nods, kissing Roderich's cheek before pulling away, summoning Lovino to the gallery.)  He's coming. 



Austria: (Smiles at Antonio.)  Danke.



Spain: (Smiles back.)  De nada. 



Romano: (Comes up to the gallery, internally fuming that Antonio had the nerve to summon him after their little talk earlier. He pads in, arms crossed, surprised to see Antonio and 

Roderich 

looking at his work.)  You called me? 



Austria: (Softly smiles at Lovino.)  We did.



Spain: (Nods, taking a few steps away from the young demon's art.)  Roderich wanted to speak with you.



Romano: (Eyebrows furrow, frowning at Antonio before looking to Roderich.)  You wanted to speak with me?



Austria: (Nods.)  Of everyone's art here, I like yours the most.



Romano: (Flushes, tail flicking.)  M-mine?



Austria: Yes, there is something about it I find captivating. Even if it does feel a little self-absorbed, to say the least.



Romano: (Tail curls around his leg nervously, not used to someone praising him so genuinely. Insistent.)  No, no, it's not. It's not self-absorbed at all.



Spain: (Allows the two their space, not horribly worried about the two interacting at this point. He smiles at the young demon, glad to see him happy and preening.



Austria: (Has to refrain from stroking the paper again.)  I see you have notes on your pictures- what do they say? It has been awhile since I have had to read Italian.



Romano: They're, um, notes for painting specifics. Little things I don't want to forget to add, dimensions, and other shit like that.



Austria: (An eager light shines in his eyes.)  You are planning to turn these into paintings? What medium do you think you will decide on using?



Romano: (Blinks, nodding.)  I'll be using oil. I'm not quite sure about the dimensions, but it'll be oil