but thought against it. “And this-” Ukai gestures to the ship they are on, “-is my gramps’ ship.”


-

Sugawara keeps his mouth closed, eyeing the troop gathering fruits, breads and meats. The supply is more than sufficient to last them on their next voyage. They are jovial, yet quick on their hands and feet. Sugawara wonders how often he has seen Nishinoya and Hinata scurrying back and forth with barrels and crates of purchases. There are pins and needles on the sole of his feet and an imaginary itching on his ass - he’s restless. Sugawara wants to help.

"Captain-!" Sugawara attempts to stand steadily despite his injured leg, but returns to sitting on the empty barrel when the man shoots him the stink-eye.

"Aye Sugawara," Captain Ukai shifts the barrel of vegetables onto his left shoulder, "Just sit still and recover, boy." Takeda follows behind. The door to the supply shop ringing close. Ukai shifts the barrel of vegetables again, and directs the Quartermaster to where Sugawara sits. He continues on his way, whistling a tune of rum and fortunes.

Sugawara might have been wearing an unhappy expression, because Takeda smiles agreeingly. "We'll be fine," Takeda assures. His hair resembles a bird's nest aggravated from the sea breeze. Sweat beads his temples, but he does not look exhausted. “Let’s get you aboard the ship, alright?” Takeda offers.

Sugawara takes his proffered hand. They hobble along the path, until Daichi relieves Sugawara from Takeda.

-

“I can walk just fine,” Sugawara stubbornly stands his ground. He shrugs Takeda’s and Daichi’s grip off, showing them that he can stand perfectly fine. Sugawara did not last a minute though. The doctor raises an eyebrow, unamused. Even with Sugawara uncooperative, the pair had carefully maneuvered him onto Daichi’s back. They were careful to avoid jostling Sugawara’s injured foot.

Takeda pats his back consolingly. Sighing, Sugawara gives up and cooperates. He leans his weight against Daichi’s back.

“You know,” Daichi heaves Sugawara up into a more secure position, “I never got your position aboard Captain Ukai’s ship.” Sugawara looked frail and fair-skinned, and Daichi had believed Sugawara to be a cabin boy. After meeting the rest of the crew, he doubts so. “I thought you were the cabin boy before,” Daichi sheepishly admits, glad that Sugawara can’t see his face. “But I don’t think so.”

“What makes you think that I’m not?” Sugawara asked, amused.

The grip on his shoulders loosened, and Daichi scrambles to hold Sugawara against him tighter. “Don’t let go like that!” Daichi sounded strained. Their doctor releases the breath he had held as Sugawara laughs heedless into the wind. Daichi likes the sound of Sugawara’s laughter.

“So?” Daichi grunts as he heaves Sugawara up.

“I’m not the cabin boy,” Sugawara answers simply. He hums thoughtfully, “Although I do get why you’ll think I’m one.” Sugawara snickers, breath tickling his ears.

“But the others look too respectfully at you to be the cabin boy,” Daichi interjects, recalling the crew mates saluting an injured Sugawara while carrying crates and barrels of purchase. He hides an amused grin.

"I'm the Navigator," his companion reveals softly, gripping onto his shoulder. Daichi cannot help but think of the sheer intimacy of such an action. Through the thin material of his shirt, Daichi can tell that Sugawara's palms are sweat-ridden.

"I'm the Doctor," Daichi introduces himself, quite redundantly in his opinion. Daichi was sure that Captain Ukai had introduced him, seeing how the crew had cheerfully waved at him as they pass. He tries to relax his shoulder despite Sugawara's sudden tension, "I - we'll be in your care, Navigator." Daichi grins, looking at the ship. Trepidation courses through his veins. The water glimmers like jewels, reflecting off the hull, and promises of treasures and adventures. "I feel that getting lost is pretty fun too,” Daichi utters, staring at the ship in awe.

Sugawara laughs.

-


“Aye, Sugawara,” then-Quartermaster Ukai waves, “Your hair’s looking real white.”



Sugawara furrows his brows, and tries to look at his hair. His hair’s too short for him to see. Sugawara resists the urge to pluck a strand out to check its colour. Are they really white? It shouldn’t be. When has his hair grown white? He almost steps back into his cabin to inspect his hair in the mirror.



Ukai’s raucous laughter stops him.



“What’s so funny?” Sugawara purses his lips, unamused. His feet is still hovering between the cabin entrance and heading towards the Quartermaster.



“It’s just-” Ukai’s sentence was broken off as he chokes on spit and saliva. The laughter turns into raspy coughs. Sugawara heads over and thumps Ukai’s back.