’ve made it sound like it was over, like they’d never speak again. They might not; Harry might not want anything to do with Zayn after how he’d treated him. Even if Harry did call, did want to talk things out and try to make it work, Zayn couldn’t. He couldn’t, in good conscience, go about acting like he hadn’t left Harry, hurting him so badly that he’d resorted to having one-way conversations with an answering machine. All he wants is for Harry to know that he didn’t forget about him, he’d thought about him everyday since he left, picked up his phone and dialed Harry’s number countless times, but never pressing “call.”

He sets his phone on his thigh, face up and unlocked, not wanting to take the chance of missing a call from Harry, if he was ever going to get one. He thinks back to all of the messages Harry’s left, the messages he’s still got saved on his phone, the ones he had transferred from his old phone to the new one, making sure to keep the same number for Harry’s sake. He thinks about all the times he could’ve picked up, let him know he was fine and yeah he’d go out to lunch with him when he’s taking a break from the studio. But instead he’d driven Harry away, letting all of his questions remain unanswered and his sentiments of love remain unreturned. He stays like that for hours, letting his phone battery drain without him so much as touching it, waiting for the phone call that might never come in. 

Harry doesn't know how long he's been walking for but he feels calm enough now to go back home and return to the song he'd been writing before his emotional outburst over the phone. He makes his way back slowly,the warm wind blowing and the sun setting just as he reaches his front door. He carelessly kicks his shoes and socks off as soon as he's inside, letting his now sore feet breathe. He plops down on the couch, picking his worn out journal up from where he'd had it lying open and face down on the cushion. As he re-reads the words he's already written on the page, trying to see how he should continue, he powers his phone back on, curious to see if Niall, Liam, or anyone had tried to get ahold of him while he was gone. He waits a couple minutes, the apple insignia staying on his screen before transitioning to the picture of the boys he'd set as his phone background ages ago and never had the heart to change. The notifications come in one by one, some from Instagram, some from Twitter, a couple of texts from people he'd get back to later and, most recently, a voicemail. 

He stares blankly at the voicemail notification until his screen darkens again, leaving him to wonder if what he just saw was all in his mind. When he taps his home button, though, the alert is still there, "Zayn" and directly under it "Voicemail." He can't open it, he doesn't want to hear what Zayn has to say to him; he doesn't want to hear Zayn begging for his forgiveness, saying how sorry he is just because Harry's finally done fawning over him. Harry knows that, no matter how pissed he is at Zayn, he'll forgive him anyway, he'll go right back to loving him just as much as he did before and he can't do that, not right now at least. So he doesn't listen, but he doesn't delete the message either; maybe one day he'll be okay enough to hear Zayn's voice without falling for him all over again. In the meantime, he picks up one of his many pens and flips to a new page in his small, brown book, the song he was previously working on set aside for now. He writes his current array of emotions in the form of lyrics, or a poem maybe; it doesn't matter really, it's for his eyes only, the words too meaningful for him to sell to another artist for radio air-time. 

August, 2018:

Weeks go by and Harry still hasn't listened to the message Zayn left for him, he's too afraid of what it might say and how he'll react to it. He almost feels bad just blatantly ignoring him like this, but as he thinks back to the three years he wasted on Zayn, the guilts starts to subside. He's curious though, about what Zayn has to say after he's spent so much time adamantly ignoring Harry. Is it an apology? Does he even acknowledge the fact that Harry's been pining after him all this time? Is he calling to ask for songwriting help? The possibilities of what the voicemail could say cloud Harry's thoughts,