. The younger nods and Baekhyun does it again, harder this time, making the younger groan into his mouth. Baekhyun kisses the corner of Chanyeol's mouth gently, still rocking his hips, wanting more friction, more of Chanyeol. He lets his lips trail down the column of Chanyeol's long neck, nipping gently but never leaving a mark, he can never leave marks. 

"Aish Baekhyun, what has gotten into you all of the sudden?" Chanyeol groans and rolls his head back, definitely not a protest, though. Baekhyun smiles against his bobbing Adam's apple, and threads his fingers into Chanyeol's dark hair. Chanyeol's hands grips his waist, pushing them harder against his lap and Baekhyun can already feel the younger's erection through his shorts. It makes his mouth water, knowing that Chanyeol wants him just as much.

Chanyeol tugs at the hem of Baekhyun's shirt, and he pulls away from Chanyeol's jaw, letting the younger pull his shirt off. Chanyeol takes him in, and hums at the sight with a lazy smile on his lips. 

"So pretty, baby," he whispers and Baekhyun almost whines at the pet name. "Always so pretty and so soft." 

"Yah, Park Chanyeol, stop it," Baekhyun mumbles, his face flushed. He tugs off Chanyeol's shirt and runs his hands over his taut stomach. Chanyeol smiles up at him and pulls him into a kiss, wet and heated, but so so much love. And Baekhyun can feel it, he can feel every ounce of love pouring from Chanyeol into him. 

Baekhyun reaches between them and palms Chanyeol through the fabric of his shorts making the younger whine into his mouth. Baekhyun's favorite sound. Chanyeol's hips twitch a little as he rolls his head back and Baekhyun slips his hand under the waistband of his shorts. 

He wraps his slender fingers around Chanyeol's cock, warm and solid and pulsing in his hand, and tugs once. Chanyeol sighs and nods slowly, pulling his lips into his mouth. Baekhyun strokes him slowly as he leans forward and kisses along the younger's broad chest. The angle of his hand is uncomfortable but Chanyeol's noises of approval matter more to Baekhyun. 

"Ah, don't stop, baby," Chanyeol moans and Baekhyun feels his stomach tighten in pleasure. The younger's words have too much power over him. He'll fix that later, too. 

"Help me get your pants off," Baekhyun whispers as he pulls down the waistband of Chanyeol's bottoms with his free hand. Chanyeol complies and lifts his hips up as he pulls the other side down, freeing his hard leaking cock from the fabric. Baekhyun's mouth waters at the sight, and he rubs his thumb over the slit in Chanyeol's erection, smearing the precome over the head. The hand on his waist tightens as he does so and Chanyeol moans, the noise loud and ringing in Baekhyun's ears like music. Maybe that's his favorite sound. 

"More, more," Chanyeol practically begs, his hips thrusting shallowly into Baekhyun's fist. "Fuck, baby, I want more."

Baekhyun whines, his stomach tightening again as he ruts against Chanyeol's thigh in sync with the pull of his hand around the younger's cock. Baekhyun uses Chanyeol's precome as lube on the shaft of his cock as he jerks him off, wet and fast and hot. 

Baekhyun leans forward and licks into Chanyeol's open mouth messily and the younger moans into his mouth as he fists his hands into his blond hair pulling him closer. 

"You're wearing too much," Chanyeol whispers breathlessly between moans and kisses and Baekhyun whines in agreement pulling back and hurriedly pulling down his pants, finally letting his leaking cock free. He moans as the cool air hits him, but wastes no time in going back to Chanyeol. 

Baekhyun kisses Chanyeol gently on his lips before trailing kisses down his torso to his bare waist. He kisses along Chanyeol's taut thighs while rubbing his hands over his stomach slowly. He nips slightly at the sensitive skin making the younger groan softly. 

"Yah, such a tease."

Baekhyun smiles up at him and holds eye contact as he runs his lips up the shaft of his cock slowly. Chanyeol shudders and mutters 'tease' under his breath. Baekhyun lowers his lips slowly into the head of Chanyeol's cock, watching him through his eyelashes. He bobs his head slowly letting Chanyeol's erection lay warm and solid against his tongue. He wraps his fingers around what he can't fit in his mouth as he bobs his head faster, hand jerking him off at the same tempo. Chanyeol moans loudly, his fingers knotting into Baekhyun's hair again, tugging slightly, causing him to moan around Chanyeol's cock. Chanyeol's hips thrust up into his mouth, the head of his cock almost hitting the back of his throat and he shifts slightly, his jaw going lax as Chanyeol thrusts slowly into Baekhyun's mouth. 

"So good for me, Baekhyunnie," Chanyeol groans