wiped away the specks of the artificial sweetener from his fingers as he made an exit out of the room.

“So sorry about that. Seems like my co-worker disappeared on me.” Liam rambled, embarrassed for the lack of proper customer service. Because that’s the rep they had. 100& customer satisfaction, guaranteed. (Ignoring Liam’s mishap with the chalkboard, that is)

That wasn’t necessarily what had Liam’s face flush with color at all, no. That—that easily had to do with the male standing before him, eyeing away at the specials. Liam eyed at his prominent jawline and the way his stubble effortlessly added a mature, yet, ‘not trying too hard’ kind of vibe to the male. The way the simple plaid shirt hugged the males body in all the right places and his flat, fluffy hair.. fuck. 

At an unexpected moment, whiskey colored eyes looked up, the other males eyes eyeing at his name tag before some sort of… of smirk came over him.

That.. that was a smirk, right?

It—when—why was he looking at Liam like that?

Clearing his throat, Liam licked at his suddenly dry lips before attempting to speak again “What can I get you guys?” Liam questioned, his fingers resting against the edge of the cash register as he tapped away at it quietly but with nerves coursing through his veins.

Twenty-six.

This guy—he was—yeah, he was definitely a twenty-six out of ten.

“Uh,” The other male began, Harry, the one with the voice deep yet slow—almost relaxing. Almost because the other part of Liam wondered if his pace of speech ever bothered Zayn or any of Harry’s other friends. Liam just wasn’t used to it, was all.

 “I’ll just have a decaf.” Harry nodded promptly after having eyed the menu up on the walls for a decent amount of time before turning towards Zayn only to take a step back to allow Zayn to make his order.

Taking a simple step forward with a tight smile on his face, Liam had to stop tapping at his cash register.

He was beautiful.

He was and if he ordered something with whipped cream or caramel or whatever the hell he wanted, Liam would triple it, he was sure.

Well. He didn’t want to give anyone diabetes but once couldn’t hurt.

Zayn’s expression remained unreadable to Liam, that same smirk.. thing was still in place and Liam had no idea what to make of it. Was that meant to mean something? Liam had no idea but it managed to make him awfully self-conscience.

“I’ll have the special.” Zayn stated, that smirk only increasing in superpowers, Liam was sure, because fuck. If he kept looking at him like that, Liam was sure he’d do absolutely anything Zayn asked him to do. And he meant anything.

Except for, like, killing a puppy. He couldn’t do that.

Or. Jump off a building. Nope, he didn’t want to die so young but--


Shut up, Liam, and speak. 


Well, that wasn’t confusing at all or anything.

 “The special?” Liam repeated, why he did, he wasn’t sure. But—just. Why was he looking at him like that?

Zayn simply laughed, and my god, was there anything else more important than that? Or the way Zayn seemed to flutter his eyelashes at him and—okay, Liam. You’ve officially lost your sanity. He’s not even fluttering his eyes, you dumbass. He’s just blinking.

“I’ll just have coffee—black.” Zayn smiled, his index finger rubbing against his stubbly chin.

“Uh, yeah. Yeah, you can.” Liam nodded, only to halt quickly because… what? “I mean, yeah, okay. Got it.” He let out nervously, using the excuse of pressing the buttons on the machine before him to attempt to rid himself of this boast of nerves he’d acquired simply from the presence of the male before him.

“Liam.” If it wasn’t the long lost Tommo. “There is a man outside expecting me to haul fifty pounds of fucking coffee beans on my own; Can you go tell the man that that is your job? Jesus Christ.”

Does Liam thank him now or beat him with a shovel?

Looking over his shoulder, Liam nods because, well, someone’s gotta do it, right? “Yeah, let me just finish ringing these lads up—“

“It’s alright, I’ve got it mate.” Louis quickly responded, coming at Liam’s side and pushing him in the direction towards the unloading dock. “Now, off you go. Time is a-wasting.” Louis shooed off, which had Liam look over his shoulder with a glare that could only be described as ‘I’m going to kill you’, all to which Louis pretended to ignore as he started