very end, Mukuro would follow her sister anywhere, follow her orders to a 'T'. And so, when they both were accepted to Hope's Peak Academy, she would go only if Junko agreed. And agree she did, even as Mukuro watched her cute, freckle-less nose crinkle at the name of the school, printed in gold type on their acceptance letters.

They arrived separately, but yet together, in different cars. Mukuro watched her twin's back as she sashayed into the school, already commandeering the attention of the whole room and leaving nothing but shadows for her. She didn't mind. She preferred watching her sister, alert for any danger posed to the sunshine of her life, ready always to defend Junko to the death. She was the bodyguard to her sister's starlet... and eventually became the brawn to complement her sister's brains.

Exactly a week after their arrival, Junko appeared at her door, which was not too unusual in itself. Junko often visited her sister, knowing that she had few friends, and even fewer attempts to make them. However, something was indeed amiss. Junko's smile was too large, too full of teeth, and it made her look like a wolf eyeing a sheep. It piqued Mukuro's curiousity, and of course she let her in. That was the night that Junko imparted on her the plan to wreak despair all throughout the Academy of Hope, the plan she'd cultivated close to her chest since she had been accepted, since she'd been informed through Super High School Level Despair about their plans for the world. Without hardly a thought, Mukuro agreed; anything to keep Junko happy, and she knew this would make her downright ecstatic.

They waited for the longest time. Two years, in fact. Two long, horrible years, in which Mukuro began to grow close to her classmates, began to rethink her involvement in Junko's plan. She rethought it as she played a resigned game of catch with a baseball-starved Kuwata-kun. She rethought it as she trained and sparred with Oogami-san, as she ate in silence during break with Kirigiri-san.

The looming plan consumed her, chewed her insides up and haunted her brain for hours on end. She thought about it during the day, when it forced her to stop classwork and look around at her classmates, now more than just strangers, and already slated to die at Junko's-- no, at their hands. It made her lie awake at night, wondering if she'd miss them once they were dead and gone, gone to a place so far away that she could not ever see them again in life. Unable to fool herself (she was no Celes, after all,) she was forced to admit she would. She would miss Oogami-san's calm presence, the way their spars were loaded and heavy, but off the gym floor, there was no animosity between them. She would miss Mondo-san and Fujisaki-san's laughter echoing in the hallways, she'd miss Ishimaru-san scolding them for being much too loud.

But most of all, she would miss Kuwata Leon-kun, the wannabe rockstar who had charmed his way into her life, as her dearest friend besides her twin sister.

The two years passed slowly, like a snail's journey. The morning the plan was to be put into action, after the students had all agreed to be locked away in the school until after the worst, despair-inducing event that the Super High School Level Despair had told Junko about passed, Junko herself arrived at Mukuro's door, laden with packages and grinning from ear-to-ear. The fashion model was so excited, so giddy over her brilliant master plan, that Mukuro could only grow excited with her, dispelling any apprehension she felt towards the idea of her classmates, her friends, dying. Junko dragged Mukuro back into her room, which was barren save a small collection of unloaded guns, and sat her on the bed. Some time later, not more than half an hour, Mukuro distantly felt her twin running her hands through the fake blonde pigtails of the wig secured tightly to her head. Junko had made her face up like a china doll's, like her own, leaving a porcelain beauty staring back at her from the mirror in the bathroom. The freckles dotting her nose were still prominent, unable to be tamed and covered by any form of cream of powder that Junko attacked them with. Junko really didn't seem to mind them too much, so Mukuro didn't either.

She dressed in Junko's clothes, which were encased in one of the packages, and stayed behind in her room as Junko left, just as she'd told her. She perfected her Junko act while the real thing was gone, perfecting the role she'd been training herself to play for two years. As soon as she stepped out of the classroom Junko had assigned her, she would no longer be Ikusaba Mukuro. She would become Enoshima Junko.