leaning against the door, dressed impeccably as always in a soft-looking grey sweater, a pair of jeans that appears to have been painted on, and black slippers.

 

They look at each other for a moment, and Chris fumbles frantically for the right way to open this conversation.

 

“Um, hey, hi, how…” he starts, like a motorcycle revving up, and Sebastian watches him with a raised eyebrow.

 

“You want some coffee?” he asks, taking pity on him.

 

“Yeah, thanks.”

 

He follows him inside and watches as he puts on a pot of coffee. There’s a small island in the middle of Sebastian’s kitchen, and he positions himself on the other side of it, hoping that it’ll create a safety barrier between them so that Sebastian doesn’t punch him or something. He doesn’t have the faintest idea how he’s going to begin this conversation. Hi Seb, how are you, sorry I gave you a sex toy modelled after my Avengers character seems like it would be overly forward, so he just stands in a dumb kind of silence, still gripping the present.

 

“What’s that?” Sebastian asks, gesturing to it.

 

“It’s your Christmas present.”

 

“But you already got me something,” Sebastian drawls, and there’s the beginning of a smirk on his lips. God damn it, he looks so good. Chris gathers his courage.

 

“Yeah, that…that wasn’t what I meant to get you.”

 

Sebastian’s mouth slides slightly, and the smile slips from his eyes.

 

“No?”

 

“No. It was a mistake.”

 

“A mistake?” Sebastian’s face falls even further as he takes in Chris’s sombre demeanour. “So, what, you’ve changed your mind?”

 

Changed my mind about what? Chris thinks desperately. He can see Sebastian closing himself off before his eyes, the polite, protective, almost-imperceptible veil he’s seen when interviewers have asked him questions that are too personal descending over his face, and he scrambles to explain.

 

“It was an accident, Seb, I’m so sorry. It was…it was a joke present, for Scott, and I got the tags confused and sent it to you instead, and I’m so so sorry, and we can never talk about it again…”

 

“Chris.”

 

“…you never have to talk to me again, it’s OK, next time we’re on set you can just ignore me, Marvel can probably make it so we don’t have many scenes together or something, and trailers in different places on the set, or I could leave, and…”

 

“Chris.”

 

“…I can totally understand if you’re really offended and if you hate me, that’s OK, it was such a dumb thing do to, but please, you have to believe me, it was a total accident, I didn’t mean…”

 

“Chris. Shh.”

 

Sebastian quoting his own words back to him from a long-ago interview gives Chris pause.

 

“You gonna let me get a word in edgeways now?”

 

Mutely, Chris nods.

 

“So at first I thought it was a joke. A good joke!” Sebastian says, putting up a hand to forestall Chris’s protests, “But a joke. But then we started texting, and I thought maybe that I wasn’t the only one. Thought maybe you were trying to tell me something. You know, like one of those Christmas miracles?” His tone is light, teasing, but not mocking, and his expression is open again; tentative, hopeful.

 

“The only one what? Trying to tell you what?”

 

Sebastian sighs fondly.

 

“Chris, I’ve had a crush on you for years.”

 

“What?”

 

“Basically since I met you. I’ve been trying to fight it, trying to hide it, but then I got your present and I thought maybe you felt something too…but then if it was a mistake…”

 

“No. No, no, no, no. No.”

 

“’No,’ what?”

 

“No, it wasn’t…I mean, yes, it was a mistake, but no, I do.”

 

“You do?”

 

“I do. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.”

 

They look at each other goofily for a moment. Chris is sure that he could have handled this more smoothly, but for now, with Sebastian smiling at him like that, the journey seems infinitely less important than the destination.

 

“So, um…” It’s been long enough now that one of them should probably say something. “Did you actually, um…you know…”

 

“Did I use it?”

 

Chris nods, flushing crimson.

 

“Of course I did. I mean, you did give it to me. And Christmas was a long and lonely day.” A full smirk is now playing around Sebastian’s lips. “It’s not even my first one.”

 

“No?” Chris squeaks, mouth suddenly dry.