Maybe.”

 


Touko Fukawa and Others


The first kiss tastes of crayon. Touko toddles to a mirror and sees a faint red imprint on her lips. It fits her mother perfectly.

Her next kiss tastes like a layer of mint shrouding something bitter. Touko’s reflection pulls a face. The mintiness fleets across the inside of her mouth and leaves her lips too sticky. It fits her mother perfectly.

She tastes nothing the third time. He probably doesn’t either.

Then strawberry. Aoi bounces away afterwards.

Peach. Kyouko pulls back. Makoto tasted like peaches too. Touko prefers it to ramen kisses.

Finally, a peppering of coffee. Her favourite.


Touko Fukawa and Byakuya Togami (TogaFuka)


None of the clothes on the website seem appropriate for babies despite the category she finds them listed under. Ivory coats with fur trims? Cotton business trousers? Touko left-clicks ‘next page’. Grosgrain trimmed jackets?

Byakuya watches over her shoulder, bleary-eyed.

“Did you wear clothes like this?” she asks, resisting the urge to stretch out her arms and yawn.

“Mine weren’t bought from a shop like a commoner. They were made by my father’s finest tailors.” He skims through the items on-screen, frown deepening. “All of them are dead now. Go to bed, Touko.”

She decides to improve her sewing skills.


Touko Fukawa and Byakuya Jr (TogaFuka)


Flour. Baking powder. Baking soda. Salt. The list goes on and on and the words flow through Touko's mind like a mantra. She gives the piece of paper a final glance before scooping her son up into her arms. All the ingredients sit in a line across the kitchen worktop, unopened and almost intimidating.

Byakuya Jr. reaches a chubby hand toward a bag of sugar.

She hoists him up higher and the sudden movement distracts him. “No,” she says, “we need the sugar for Daddy’s cookies.”

Her son disagrees with a whine.

They compromise- he gets to lick the bowl.


Peko Pekoyama, Fuyuhiko Kuzuryuu and Nagito Komaeda (KuzuPeko)


Peko spent much of the previous night deliberating over the exact method in which she would finally confess her feelings for the young master, settling on the classic ‘love letter’ route so he could privately respond at his convenience.

And so, thirty minutes into the day's last lesson, Peko passed her letter to the person sitting between her and Fuyuhiko.

Nagito Komaeda.

He held the letter toward Fuyuhiko.

Good.

Fuyuhiko noticed the letter.

Good.

Monomi noticed too and made Nagito read the contents aloud.

Bad.

Laughter.

Nagito explained, “I wished to inform Kuzuryuu-kun of his magnificence.”

Peko thanked him later.


Mukuro Ikusaba and Kiyotaka Ishimaru (IshiKuro)


“I’m pregnant.”

Mukuro’s reflection only stares back at her.

“Kiyotaka,” she says, pinning her wrist against her thigh with her other hand. “I’m going to have a baby.”

More silence. She sighs. If only she was more like Junko. Junko could predict people’s behaviour with as much accuracy as Mukuro had with a gun. Junko knew how people ticked. Junko knew how to win people over. Junko. Junko, Junko, Junko.

“You’re pregnant?” comes a voice from behind.

Mukuro flinches. Turns. Momentarily forgets to breathe.

“That’s wonderful!” Kiyotaka beams. “We better get a move on, yes?”

Mukuro smiles and moves on.


Makoto Naegi and Kyouko Kirigiri (NaeGiri)


 

“What does your talent mean?”

Makoto twitches and looks up from his lunch.

Kyouko peers down at him.

“My talent?” Makoto rubs his nose.

“Super High School Level Good Luck,” she clarifies. She must expect a short answer because she doesn’t sit down.

“There was a lottery,” he explains, adjusting his grip on his fork. “The winner got selected to attend Hope’s Peak academy... and I won. So, uh, here I am.”

Kyouko hums.

Makoto sighs. “It’s not really a talent... some of our classmates think I shouldn’t be here.”

“It’s hard,” she agrees.

She eats her lunch with him.


Hajime Hinata and Chiaki Nanami (HinaNanami)


Hajime Hinata was determined to beat Chiaki Nanami at a video game. But saying such didn’t equate to doing it. Mario Party? She stole stars without mercy. Super Smash Brothers? Her character’s victory animation played each time. Even in Animal Crossing, she earned the most medals in Island Tours.

Chiaki asserted she only wasn’t good at dating sims but he couldn’t defeat her in those.

Afternoons were whittled away as he practised almost non-stop, thumbs aching and wrists stiff, until he knocked her character off-screen during Sudden Death.

He whooped.

His smile convinced Chiaki that losing had been worth it.


Makoto Naegi and Kyouko Kirigiri (NaeGiri)


Makoto thinks everyone’s asleep until he counts only four occupied sleeping bags. He jolts into a sitting position, holding in a yell