least. It makes him anxious, this proximity; under the smell of coffee, there’s something warm and clean—like sun-kissed skin in the summer, like freshly-washed clothes—and Kyungsoo is afraid of how that soft, pretty smell makes his heart feel. He’s afraid of the wool of Baekhyun’s coat and how it brushed against him when the man sat down, sending a jolt of electricity through his nerves. He’s afraid of Baekhyun’s smile and the way his voice is just slightly lazy and rough but colored with laughter. Afraid of how much he likes Baekhyun’s bright pink hair. Afraid of how Baekhyun feels.

He almost panics over his own terrified thoughts before realizing Baekhyun isn’t there in his head. Just sitting next to him, wearing a bright grin that turns his eyes into little crescents.

Baekhyun laughs. “You can stop looking so freaked out,” he says. “I just wanted to talk. With words,” he adds, as if the clarification is necessary. It might be. He laughs again. “You’re really cute when you’re flustered, you know that?”

Kyungsoo feels a deep flush bloom across his face. He turns away and takes a sip of his coffee. The fact that it tastes as good as it does just makes him even more distressed.

“What—” Lost and faintly dazed, Kyungsoo searches around for the words he wants. “What did you want to talk about?”

“I didn’t have anything specific in mind. Just wanted to talk. Get to know each other.” He switches his own cup of coffee to his other hand, and the one closer to Kyungsoo shifts over toward his side, knuckles resting against the edge of Kyungsoo’s coat. Not committing to making a move yet. Just waiting. “What’s something I don’t know about you, Do Kyungsoo?”

There should be so many obvious answers to this, but Kyungsoo can’t think of a single one. He frowns. “I… don’t know. That’s a little broad, isn’t it?”

Baekhyun hums, thoughtful. “Favorite movie?” he asks.

“Ahh, umm, I don’t really have one, honestly,” says Kyungsoo, feeling weirdly self-conscious about his non-answer. “I like a lot of movies. It would take a while to list them.”

“We’ve got time,” says Baekhyun.

The moment Kyungsoo finally looks back at him and meets his gaze, Baekhyun winks, reaches out and touches his fingers to the back of Kyungsoo’s hand. Kyungsoo hesitates at first, but after a moment he turns his hand palm-up where it rests on his leg. Baekhyun’s fingers thread smoothly with his, tickling against his thigh. Kyungsoo’s heart hammers furiously against his ribs as he glances down.

Baekhyun’s hand is warm, the skin smooth and soft. Long and elegant fingers that look more fragile than they feel. It makes Kyungsoo’s hand, small and awkwardly-shaped with bitten-down nails, look ugly in comparison. The nervous sweat from his palm is probably making everything disgusting and unpleasant. He looks back up at Baekhyun with an apology on the tip of his tongue.

Except Baekhyun doesn’t seem bothered. There’s a slight blush on his cheeks, too, pink like his hair. His bright grin is doing strange and indescribable things to Kyungsoo’s insides. Kyungsoo finds himself smiling back, the slightest bit shy and uncertain.

“Talk to me about movies,” says Baekhyun. “I promise I’ll listen and not just sit here smiling like an idiot because a cute guy’s holding my hand.”

Kyungsoo stares, wets his dry lips nervously with his tongue, and nods.

For the rest of the train ride, he drinks coffee and rambles about movies, because it’s easier than thinking about Baekhyun’s hand in his. It quickly turns into a list of directors, but not an exhaustive one. Baekhyun’s fingers keep touching his knuckles, softly, and Kyungsoo has to stop every so often to smile and blush and quickly look away, like some shy little kid. Baekhyun laughs every time.

When they get to Kyungsoo’s stop, Baekhyun squeezes his hand one last time, and Kyungsoo wavers, not sure if he really wants to leave. He has a class tutor for, he knows, but. That doesn’t seem important right now.

“I’ll be here tomorrow,” Baekhyun says softly, like he knows.

Kyungsoo bites his lip, smiles a little anxiously. “Right. See you.”

People comment for the entire rest of the day on his unusually cheerful mood. During their study session, Jongdae goes as far as to ask (only kind of jokingly) if he got laid, erupting in too-loud laughter when Kyungsoo goes bright red and vehemently denies it.

Nice to see him happy for once, Jongdae thinks.

It comes as a surprise, because Kyungsoo wouldn’t have said previously that he