Mika hummed in content as they stood by the Tokyo tower, awaiting the countdown. A slight breeze blew by and Mika removed his hand from his pockets to tug down his beanie.

Yuu stood by his side as they waited for the countdown to the New Year to happen. It was definitely a change from how they usually celebrated, but last year they missed the mark of the New Year as everyone was wasted on Yoichi’s living room floor.

It was pretty fun though, drinking all their problems away with each sip and complaint. Unsurprisingly, Yuu had the most to complain about, but Mitsuba came in second after her fourth drink.

But it was uncomfortable to wake up on the cold wood floor with a hangover.

This year, they were all going to Shinoa’s place but Yuu declined the invitation for the both of them as he had plans of his own. Mika was curious to what brought it on, but he never questioned it. Though he was pleasantly surprised to be standing at the base of Tokyo tower with other New Year goers to countdown to the New Year.

Yuu kept them busy the whole day too. The only time Mika got to sit down and breathe was when they had lunch and dinner.

He was extremely surprised that Yuu got dinner reservations at a fancy restaurant that would take months to book a table on New Year’s Eve. But that was another thing he loved about Yuuichirou. He was full of surprises, even if some were more shocking than surprising.

“Are you having fun?” Yuu asked, his nose a little red from standing out in the cold.

“I’m always having fun with you,” Mika said and the two shared a brief kiss. “You really thoroughly planned this date.”

“I always try my best for you,” Yuu said as he flashed a smile. Mika smiled back as he looked at the crowd of people that also gathered around the Tokyo tower for the countdown. He was a little surprised to say the less that people were already there when they arrived around 11:48. The streets were busy and traffic had been a pain. But they made it on time nonetheless.

“Today was really great,” Mika said. He felt like he needed to praise Yuu for his effort at least. “Though it does make me wonder why did you put so much effort into this one date on New Year’s Eve.”

“Well, you always put up with me, and I really appreciate it. I appreciate you, god, I love you so much. I just wanted to give you something to show up how much I love you,” Yuu said as he looked lovingly at  Mika. “I love you so much that I want to spend the rest of our lives together.”

“10!”

Yuu got down on one knee.

“9!”

Mika gasped.

“8!”

“Will you…”

“7!”

Yuu pulled out a box and opened it to show a ring inside the small box.

“6!”

“…marry me?”

“5!”

Yuu looked at Mika hopefully.

“4!”

“Yes! Yes!”

“3!”

Yuu got up and hugged Mika tightly.

“2!”

Yuu slipped the ring on Mika’s finger.

“1!”

The two shared a smile before leaning forward for a kiss.

 “Happy New Year!”