focus on the pain, or the water. Try to distract yourself.”

Lance’s eyes flew open to glare up at Keith. “And how do you suppose I do that?” he snapped.

Keith sighed and pinched his eyes. “I don’t know, talk to me. About whatever.”

Lance huffed. “I have nothing to say to you.”

Keith gave him a pointed look. “What’s that supposed to mean? You always have something to say to me.”

“Well, geez, Keith, sorry if I’m a little annoyed with you! I was trying to come up with a plan to protect the planet, and you guys all threw me under the bus. Or, well, tree.”

Keith rolled his eyes. “Lance, we’re just sick of you always trying to get out of-”

“No!” Lance cut him off. “I’m not trying to get out of anything! You guys just don’t want to listen to my plans. You think I’m trying to be lazy if I don’t think the best plan is to rush in and blow everything up. I wasn’t kidding when I said I think we’re just like the Galra sometimes. I get that we have a job to do, but being a paladin is about more than just stopping the Galra. How can we say that we vow to protect the universe and then take part in destroying it?”

Keith went quiet as Lance continued, completely floored by his sudden outburst.

“I mean, look around us!” Lance continued. “Look at all these plants we destroyed. I bet we ruined the homes of a lot of animals. Hell, I’m currently stuck under a tree because of what we did.”

Keith looked down the trunk of the tree to see the point where it broke, lying next to its base. Both ends were a bit charred, evidence of one of Keith’s fire blasts. He winced internally. Had they really caused that much damage?

“I can’t imagine,” Lance went on, voice much quieter than before, “if the Galra had come to Earth, and these giant lions came and told us they would protect us, then destroyed everything. The beaches, the forests, the jungles. If it was all just gone one day. Think of all the people who would die, the animals that would lose their homes, the food that would be lost. People would starve, species would go extinct, entire nations could be gone.” 

He looked to the ocean in front of them, a faraway look in his eyes. “And sure, if it’s that or death at the hands of the Galra, I get it. But I can’t help but think there’s a better way sometimes…”

Keith’s breath completely escaped him, and he ran his hand through Lance’s hair without thinking. “I didn’t even think of it like that,” he responded. “You’re absolutely right, Lance.”

Lance chuckled humorlessly. “First time I’ve heard that one,” he muttered.

“Hey, don’t be like that,” Keith admonished. “You know you’re a valuable asset to the team.”

“Do I?” Lance snapped, eyes narrowed to glare at Keith. “Because my lion doesn’t seem to care that I’m in danger, and my ideas always seem to be ignored, and I’ll never be brilliant like Pidge and Hunk, or a great pilot like you and Shiro, or…”

He trailed off before looking away as tears flooded his eyes. He absolutely could not cry here, not in front of Keith.

“Lance,” Keith began, holding Lance’s head gently between his hands. “Your lion didn’t come because she didn’t need to. I’m here, and I’m keeping you safe, and maybe she knows that. And I am going to stay here and keep you safe. My lion...she means well, but rushing in isn’t always the best course of action. She rushed in while we were at the Blade of Marmora, which ended up alerting them. She’s like me, she runs on instinct. It’s not always a good or bad thing. Your lion trusts you.”

He sighed and started brushing Lance’s hair from his forehead. This part would be harder. “As for not having as much worth as us...you have to understand that no one else feels that way. We’re a team, we need all of us to make things work. You keep us cheerful, and you’re a great shot, and we know we can all rely on you. Heck, you were the only one who spoke up about the plan today.  I think we all respect Shiro so much that we don’t even think to question his plans sometimes. But we should question him. He may be our leader, but he isn’t perfect. If we don’t question