down the weight and joined you in one of the boxing rings. You were wrapping your hands when you noticed he was watching you. His gaze made you blush and you regretted asking him to be your sparring partner.

“Do you usually do this with Jesse?” he asked.

“Sometimes, apparently I hit hard and he’s a fragile desert flower.” You said, Reyes laughed.

“Fragile desert flower, that’s funny. You ready to go?” he asked.

“Yup. Don’t go easy on me either commander. I can take whatever you throw at me.”

“Wasn’t planning on going easy on you.” He smirked, you realized the vague double meaning behind your words.

The sparring match between the both of you lasted a while, he won every round but you put up a good fight. The first match he knocked you flat on your back. The second round you managed to get some good hits in, you punched him a few times in the ribs then you gave him a good kick in the leg. When you went to punch him, he grabbed your arm and twisted it behind your back. You let out a huff when you realized you couldn’t get out of his hold, you only heard him let out a chuckle.

The third round though, you were close to beating him. He rushed you, and at the last minute you rolled out of the way and you jumped on his back. You wrapped your legs around his thick torso and wrapped your arm around his neck. He let out a surprised grunt and tried to elbow you, you held onto him tighter determined to win. You felt his hands grab your shoulders and with a quick movement he threw you off his back. You landed hard on your back and this time he pinned you to the ground. He was straddling your waist and he pinned your hands above your head.

“Not bad cariño.” He smirked down at you. You starred up at him and noticed he was barely sweating while you were covered in sweat. You were breathing hard while he didn’t seem to be breathing hard at all. 

“Thanks sir.” you breathed out. He stayed above you, starring down at your face. You felt your face get hotter and your stomach began to flip. Why was he still holding you down? Not that you were complaining. You saw the look in his eyes, you were expecting him to lean down and kiss you, you licked you lips in anticipation.

“I’m sorry for what those other agents said about you. Jesse told me what happened,” He said, he let go your hands and got off you. You sat up and watched him, “I don’t have favorites, and you’re not my ‘pet’. My personal feelings don’t interfere with the missions I send you on. You go on those missions because I know you can handle them.”

“I understand, sir. Thank you.” you said.

“You can call me Gabe, when it’s just you and I.”

“Are you sure?” you asked.

“Yes.”

“Alright, Gabe.” You said, smiling slightly. He almost groaned when he heard you say his name.

“Oh, I got that picture of you. Jesse sent it to me.”

“Picture? Oh, the one from yesterday,” You said, blushing even more, “I should have known he was going to send that to you.”

“He’s kind of an ass.” Gabe said smiling, you laughed and smiled at him. You both sat there in silence for a bit just enjoying each other’s company. You remembered what Jesse had said about him liking you, and how that smile was meant for only you. You took a deep breath, ignored the fear in your chest, and decided to ask him.

“Jesse told me you do like me. Is that true?” you glanced at him and saw him look down, you swallowed hard.

“Yeah, it is. That’s why I don’t play favorites, especially when it comes to you. But I hope this doesn’t make things awkward. I don’t expect you to have the same feelings for me, you’re younger than me plus I am your commanding officer. It will be wrong.” He said, you could see he was nervous and he was trying to convince himself that these feelings were wrong.

“Gabe, I like you too.” You said softly.

“Really? Oh well, I didn’t expect this.” He laughed.

“Really? Why?”

“I thought McCree would be more your type honestly.”

“Oh no. He smells like those nasty cigars and he’s a flirt. Plus, he’s lazy, have you seen his room? It’s disgusting. And… well I guess I have a thing for older men.” You said blushing.

“Really?” he asked, raising his eyebrows at you, a devious smirk appeared on his face. You only nodded your head in embarrassment, you