We made our way over to where everyone was dancing and I turned around and put my arms around Zayn's neck. Slowly we began to sway to the music, looking into each others eyes. I was completely memorized by our close proximity and the intense feelings I was getting from Zayn.

My head was spinning and I felt a little light headed, I didn't know if it was the alcohol or the dancing with Zayn but I needed to get away from the dancing if I had any chance of catching my breath. 

"Can we take a walk?" I leaned in to whisper in his ear. Zayn nodded, he was obviously as flustered as me. We walked away from the dance area and began to walk down the beach. Zayn grabbed my hand with his and held it sweetly, swaying mine as he walked. 

"I really like you Harry" Zayn admitted honestly, I was very confused, was this the alcohol talking or did he really feel this way?

"I like you too Zayn" I don't know if thats the truth. I guess I do, I mean he makes me feel so happy and giggly, and I feel butterflies inside. But these symptoms could all be filed under "drunk", I don't know if I'm actually feeling this because of Zayn. 

We continued to walk in silence, only our breathing and footsteps could heard. We must've been pretty far, I couldn't here the party behind us. Zayn stopped walking, making me stop as well.

"Wanna sit?" Zayn asked innocently, I just nodded in reply. Zayn launched himself into the sand, giggling loudly, obviously drunk. Zayn was laying on his back, his elbows keeping him up. He patted the spot next to him, motioning for me to join him. 

I kneeled down in the sand, my knees touching his hips lightly. I put my hands on Zayn's stomach to steady myself, when I was sure I wasn't going to tumble toward I took one hand away, keeping one on his stomach. Zayn put his hand on mine and pulled it up to his chest, I felt his heartbeat beating erratically. After a few minutes like that, staring into each others eyes, Zayn pulled me forward so he could press a very gentle kiss to my lips. 

The kiss started very slowly and delicately, I felt Zayn's tongue on my bottom lip, I opened my mouth almost immediately, loving the feeling of his tongue slowly entering my mouth. Zayn was slow, as if he was testing the water. 

His hands moved to the back of my hair, deepening the kiss. I was now laying on top of Zayn, one hand on the sand and the other was still on Zayn's chest, feeling his heartbeat. Zayn had his hand at the back of my head and the other was at the bottom of my back.

The kiss grew lustful and desperate. Once I began to grind my hips against Zayn, I knew we were too far gone and this was really happening, on the beach. 

Every move was desperate, both of us were drunk and obviously horny. Clothes were scattered in the sand, the sand was cold on our naked bodies, creating a new sensation. This wouldn't have been possible in the winter, the summer air was warm and inviting. 

I moved away from Zayn's mouth and gave my attention to his neck, eliciting a low growl from Zayn's lips. I travelled down his torso, pressing open mouth kisses as I went. I kissed Zayn's hips, making him shudder in pleasure. I kissed down his thighs, making sure to leave a few marks. 

I took all of Zayn at once, making his eyes widen and a moan to escape his lips. I twirled my tongue around the head, then hollowed my cheeks and sunk down on him, sucking lightly as I went. I looked up at him through my eyelashes, he looked so beautiful, the moon reflecting of his sweat and the left over saliva I had left. Zayn's moan brought me back to the task at hand, I continued down in him until he was at the back of my throat, I took a big breath and swallowed around him. I felt him shudder again and I knew he was close, so I pulled back until just the head was remaining in my mouth, pumping the base until he was filling my mouth with his seed, which I happily swallowed, sucking every last drop out of him. 

"That was amazing" he growled, low and shaky. He rolled me off of him and got on top. The sand was cold on my back. He kissed behind my ear, nibbling on my earlobe. Zayn made his way down, trailing his lips along my skin very lightly, making me cringe and my hair stand up. 

He wasted no time taking me in his mouth, working fast and efficiently. I loved watching him, he really knew what he was doing and my erratic breathing was a result of that. I felt my stomach twitch and I knew I was close