. The puppy was skinny, too, it must be starving. The dog appeared to be a male pug, with brown fur and a darker shade of brown around his nose and ears. He scanned over the dog in hopes of finding a collar that has a number or an address, but he didn't see one. It was definitely a stray.

        I can't let it starve... Iruka thought to himself as he walked towards the fridge and took out a couple pieces of salami. The boy walked back over to the door and opened it just enough to let his hand through and set the pieces of salami down. The puppy instantly dashed towards the salami and ate it in not even a second.

     He sighed as he saw the puppy stare at him in hopes of getting more food. Iruka decided to get some other meats out from the fridge. Once he walked to the refrigerator and opened the door, he heard the pattering of paws on the tile floor. His eyes went wide for a second. Idiot Iruka had forgotten to close the door all of the way before he left, now he has a stray dog running around in his house. He turned around and saw the puppy staring at him with wide eyes, his tail wagging furiously behind him.

     Sighing even louder than before, Iruka grabbed a bag of bologna and turned around facing the puppy. He came slowly trotting over to the boy as soon as he smelled the contents of what was in the bag. Seeing the puppy sit down in front of the boy, Iruka thought the puppy must have had an owner in the past, a stray dog that never had a home would most likely run straight towards the boy and try to tackle him for the food in his hands. The puppy certainly has no owner now, seeing how skinny and possibly malnourished the poor little guy is.

        Iruka sat down on the ground in front of the dog and pulled out two pieces of bologna. He shoved a piece in his mouth and split the other half in pieces so the puppy wouldn't choke on the large piece and gave the pile to the animal in front of him. Puppy got up and walked towards the meat and ate the pile in seconds. Iruka's eyes rose when he saw the dog sit right back down again in front of the boy, staring at the bag. Iruka smiled and thought, At least the dog is polite and won't kill me.

This lasted for about ten minutes, Iruka shoving pieces of the meat in his mouth while breaking up slices of bologna for Puppy.

        After Iruka decided it was time to stop eating, he got up and put the bag away. Turning around and facing the dog again was when he came into realization for the second that there was a stray dog in his house. He put his hands over his face in frustration and thought for a moment. He was already dumb enough to let the small dog into his house and give him food so he most likely won't leave his yard if he forces him outside. But did he even want to kick the dog out? "What am I supposed to do with you?" He said aloud, removing his hands from his face ans crouching down in front of the animal.

        Maybe he can let Puppy stay in his house for a few days? Nonsense, he can't do that! The dog could have some kind of disease! Maybe he could call animal control and they can take care of him. But he doesn't want to do that either. He never liked dogs, but this one was different- he had this feeling in his stomach that was saying he had to protect this puppy, like it was his duty or something.

      The puppy walked up to the boy and Iruka outstretched his hand for the animal to sniff. Puppy licked the boys hand and he instantly grimaced; the puppy may be cute and nice and all be has no idea where its mouth has been, he was definitely going to have to wash his hands. Wait... maybe he can even give Puppy a bath! It was a great idea!

        Iruka hurried into the laundry room where they keep all of their extra towels, grabbed them and sped back into the kitchen. He bundled Puppy up into the towel and picked him up, silently relieved he didn't drop the poor animal. He walked down his boring old hallway and turned left into his bathroom. The bathroom was just like any other, nothing out of the ordinary. He carefully set the puppy in the tub and turned the water on. Puppy's eyes went wide with confusion, then with fear as he saw the water running from the faucet in front of him.

        Puppy attempted to escaped from what he must've thought was his impending death, but Iruka quickly bent down and gently held the dog steady. "I know you don't want a bath right now and believe me, I don't want to give you one, but just give it a chance and help me out, okay?" Iruka whispered. He could hear the dog whimper a bit, maybe in agreement? Iruka didn