s never had his coat buttoned up so angrily before. 

"i am capable of dressing myself, bam," yugyeom says, slightly amused as he watches bambam pull open the front door, yelling curses at mark and youngjae who continue to laugh to themselves in the other room, as he ignores yugyeom's comment.  without turning back bambam links their fingers together, cold breeze instantly turning the skin on yugyeom's cheeks and nose pink and drags them out of the house, door slamming shut behind him. 

"so," yugyeom says, swinging their arms like bambam isn't about burst into tears due to loss of pride, "did you get the piercings?" 

with the force of the slap bambam delivered to his chest, yugyeom was lucky his coat is so heavily padded. 

 


                                                           


 

the walk home cools bambam off a bit, allowing him to tell yugyeom the full story when they are sitting down to eat dinner in the kitchen. 

yugyeom presses his lips together, trying desperately not to smile, "so you're telling me that you went in, took one look at the tattoo artist yelling at some guy with flowers, got glared at, called them and lied saying that you couldn't make it and then what? immediately ran back to mark and youngjae's place." 

bambam slurps down the rest of his ramen, placing down his chopsticks as he swallows, "yes," he says, not looking very ashamed anymore. 

yugyeom laughs now, shaking his head in disbelief. what a goof, who even is bambam? bambam bits his lip, blushing slightly but doesn't seem nearly as mad as he did when youngjae and mark were laughing at him. probably because he knows yugyeom is laughing from a place of love and fondness, and not at him. the two younger men also had no idea what was so funny about the situation to get them laughing so hard, considering they hadn't even heard the full story before they lost it. 

"how did you know that the 'scary eyebrow moles guy' was the one who was going to give you the piercings?" yugyeom asks after he finishes off his own dinner, getting up to clean the dishes. 

"becuase yugyeommie~," bambam's whining again and yugyeom tries not to find it cute as he smiles into the sink, "only like two people work there, and they work on rotation. plus, he had tons of tattoos. what tattoo artist doesn't have tons of tattoos? also his lip was pierced." 

yugyeom hums, dropping the empty bowls in to the warm water, "can't argue with that logic," he says, "want to try again tomorrow, i'll go with you this time." 

"ah, yugyeom-ah" bambam coos from behind him, his voice closer than before, "are you going to protect me from the big, scary punk man?" arms wrap around his waist and a body presses up against his back, "you're too good to me." 

yugyeom doesn't bother to try and conceal his eye roll, bambam's chin digging into his shoulder as he tries to look over it and at him, "you love~ me." 

"get off, shorty, i'm trying to do house work here," yugyeom says, rolling his shoulders so bambam's head slips off. 

"stop denying our love, babe," yugyeom can hear bambam's pout and the hands around his waist tighten, the pet name definitely does not make his heart flutter and his cheeks flush.  

"i'm not," yugyeom admits, "i'm just trying to make sure we don't live in filth, jinyoung nearly kicked us out of our own home last time he was here." 

bambam laughs loudly, dropping his arms as he steps back, "ha, loser. you just admitted to loving me. i win," a smack is delivered to yugyeom's ass, "be ready for one o' clock tomorrow, kay?" 

yugyeom sighs while bambam's manic laughter echos in the distance, questioning why he actually loves such a child. 

 


                                                           


 

"so this is the place," yugyeom says, the grip bambam has on his hand is so tight yugyeom's afraid he's cutting off circulation. 

it's cold outside and yugyeom just really wants to be inside and away from the biting wind, but bambam apparently wants to stare at the front of the shop for a few more moments so yugyeom stays with him, allowing the older to try and gather his confidence. the entrance to the shop is chic and cool (which is ironically the name of the shop- kind of stupid but yugyeom can appreciate the alliteration), nothing like the place bambam had got his piercings last time where yugyeom suspects they might have been doing things illegally. bambam- who would spend thousands on clothes if he had the money, decided to get his ears pierced in some back alley because 'the deal was too good to pass up'. yugyeom really doesn't understand how bambam's mind works sometimes. thank god this place looks much cleaner and more legal than the last. 

"