’re thinking, you’d better think again. Otherwise I will rain down a Godly fucking firestorm on you. You’re going have to call the fucking United Nations and get a fucking binding resolution to keep me from fucking destroying you. I’m talking about a scorched earth, fucker. I will massacre you. I will fuck you up.”

Castiel’s wrath peaks with abruptly dark skies and a clap of thunder. He glances across to where Barrattiel’s shine has visibly dimmed. His brother even looks smaller and somewhat less judgmental.

“I’m paraphrasing,” Castiel supplies helpfully. “It’s from Tropic Thunder.”

It’s effective, albeit briefly. But Castiel still thinks longingly of the days when he was able to do his actual job, even if it did mark him as being among the lower orders in the angel hierachy. He remembers that he liked being a messenger to mankind, a fuckin’ diplomat, as Dean termed it. But then he came back here, and found that Heaven was going straight to Hell, and after that he didn’t even have the luxury of time to answer Dean’s sporadic, choked-out pleas for CasCasCaspleaseCas, for company in his loneliness, for guidance in his despair, for something, anything, a sign that Castiel was still there. At the time, Castiel reasoned that if he took his eye off the ball and Raphael gained the upper hand, Dean would be top of Raphael’s to-do list.

And Dean never asked him to stay.

The calls for help gradually dwindled and became less frequent, until Dean stopped whispering Castiel’s name in the darkness. There was never a thread linking Castiel to Sam, so when Sam called him it was even fainter. And Castiel knew Sam would make his way to Lisa Braeden’s anyway, so it was easy to ignore.

When Castiel hears Dean’s voice again, out of nowhere, one-hundred twenty Heaven years after he left, it feels like going home.






For some reason Castiel can’t pinpoint, Balthazar is somewhat irked by the fact that Dean is somewhat irked by Castiel’s need-to-know approach to conducting his war in Heaven and his diplomacy on Earth.

“Your boyfriend is absofuckinglutely insufferable,” he tells Castiel, his vessel’s diction fussily precise. “He needs to see past his little Sammy to what Raphael will do to his pretty face if he gains the upper hand in this fight. Have you even told him Raph’s plans for Apocalypse-the-Final-Frontier? With him and his gigantic brother in the starring roles again?” Balthazar has taken up smoking, and fumes wreathe around him, lending him a certain rakish charm as he paces up and down and gesticulates his ire animatedly. He pauses, sucks frenziedly on his cigarette before continuing. “He needs to start seeing the bigger picture, or Raphael will have him faster than he can say God with his mouth already open. Maybe I should—”

“Don’t push it, Balthazar.” Castiel keeps his tone level even though his own irritation is starting to spike, along with a dull throb of concern at just where his brother might be going with this. “I agreed to your plan for the weapons because you assured me you would tell Dean it was a set-up.”

Balthazar shrugs elaborately, his shoulders hovering up around his ears, his hands high, fingers fanning out. “I didn’t have the time. And anyway, it was more convincing this way. I had to be sure Raphael’s pleb would take the bait.” He chuckles mirthlessly. “What’s the matter, don’t you trust me? Don’t forget, you’re my inspiration. The wind beneath my wings.” 

Castiel appraises his brother, the only one who stood by him during his trial, or, as he now thinks of it, his ass-reaming. He thinks of their millennia-long journey together, considers comradeship, kinship, loyalty, faith, and love. He sets them against Balthazar’s ego, his self-proclaimed superiority over the hairless apes, so unsettlingly like Uriel’s. Like Lucifer’s. “Did I really set you on this low road of choosing expediency over what is morally right?” he asks quietly, and it chills him inside to think that he might be responsible.

“I don’t think of it as expedient,” Balthazar challenges loftily. “I think of it as strategy. As tactics. I think of it as a practical, logical means to an end. And sometimes expediency is right. The bigger picture, remember?” Annoyance flashes in his eyes. “Once you would have thought that too. I haven’t forgotten why Zachariah made you Winchester’s babysitter, even if you have.” He exhales a perfect smoke circle, sniffs. “You know, Cas, maybe you need to start seeing the bigger picture too. Putting him down would be the quickest way to end Raphael’s scheming.”

The words spill out detached, reasonable even, but Balthazar’s