Altean quidditch.” The smile grew a bit, becoming almost gleeful. “This is totally a ten thousand year old Altean quidditch match and you can’t convince me otherwise.”

Pidge stopped working and gestured at the screen. “No, it’s not. There’s no snitch. It can’t be quidditch without a snitch.”

“How would you know? The snitch is tiny. There could totally be a snitch. The people on broomsticks are obviously chasing something.”

“Will you stop?” Hunk gestured at the screen with a bit more passion, voice rising in volume. Keith guessed this was the argument that had been filtering out into the hallway. “Those are NOT broomsticks. Why would they be broomsticks? Besides, they’re more levitating than flying.”

“Agree to disagree.”

“Fine.”

“Fine.”

The room was quiet for a minute, but Lance had never been capable of letting anything go. “I still think it’s quidditch.”

Hunk snorted back a laugh. “Give it up, man. It’s obviously some sort of Australian rules football/rubgy/cricket/water polo hybrid thing.”

“That would explain the water hazard.” 

Keith didn’t realize he’d said that out loud until Lance glanced sideways at him with a mock glare. “You too? But what about the flying, Keith?”

Keith leaned more comfortably against the cushions and gestured at the game/match/thing/whatever and shot for a bad imitation of Lance’s petulant tone. “But what about the water and the fish things, Lance?”

“It was 10,000 years ago on a different planet. Obviously differences are allowed!”

Hunk groaned and dropped his face into his hands. "Lance, I swear to God if you don't stop I'm divorcing you and I get custody of Pidge."

"Damn straight," Pidge chimed in, most of her attention still on her project.

"Geez guys, feeling the love." Despite the sarcasm dripping from his voice and the expression of overly dramatic wounded pride, Keith noticed that Lance had dropped his legs to the floor and was sprawled back against the cushions in a posture that was a bit more Lance-like. 

They settled like that, half watching the screen and half letting their minds wander. Lance and Pidge started to give the players names and backstories, while Hunk and Keith started to make up rules, each one more outrageous than the last.

The conversations started to run together until Pidge started to slander (Lance’s word) Cedric Snodgrass of the northern Snodgrass line (who apparently made their fortune in smuggling but then turned respectable despite their long-standing feud with the Highbottom family) for his use of excessive force and fouling (by their rules) of Pidge’s current favorite player. Lance went overly dramatic again and flopped over onto Keith’s lap, one hand over his heart and the other accusingly pointing at Pidge, who was actually laughing at his antics. Keith rolled his eyes but then gave in to a sudden impulse to find out if Lance’s hair was as soft as it looked. He figured he could play if off as a toll for the use of his lap for his death throes due to Pidge’s betrayal. Or something. Honestly, everything about this conversation was too ridiculous to try to insert logic now. Lance shot him a quick look of surprise as Keith started to pet his hair, but he swung his legs over the arm of the couch and stayed in Keith’s lap, so apparently it was okay. Which was good, because Lance’s hair was as soft as it looked and the short strands felt good in his fingers. Almost soothing in a way he didn’t look at too closely.

They were still like that half an hour later. Hunk had given up on rules and was now trying to enforce the ones they’d made up like an armchair referee. They’d all long since approved the cricket hybrid theory because the match showed no signs of ending, possibly ever. Keith was arguing with Pidge and Lance about how many teams were actually involved (Lance insisted two with no logical explanation, Pidge claimed three, but Keith was sure there were five and that maybe the fish-not-fish things counted as a separate team, so he was willing to argue for six). Keith was just finishing making an argument in favor of his ‘the fish-not-fish things are obviously plotting to overthrow the flying-or-maybe-levitating people’ theory when he glanced up and saw Shiro and Allura leaning on the couch behind them.

Allura’s expression was somewhere between confused and horrified, but that was a look they were used to seeing on her face whenever she was forced to watch anything Altean with the rest of them. Shiro was just looking amused. Even the stress lines on his face had eased a bit, suggesting that they’d been listening for long enough to justify Allura’s horror.

Shiro tore his eyes from the screen to glance at the rest of them, his expression slowly turning almost gleeful in a way