Locker room, now,” Sehun demanded before pushing himself up and pulling the shorter up with him. 








 

~

 

 

 


Baekhyun’s back hit the metal lockers with a loud crash as the younger towered over him, devouring his lips in a messy, needy kiss. Teeth hitting teeth, swallowing each other’s moans, Baekhyun struggled to keep up the younger’s demanding pace. Standing on the tips of his toes, he held on his boyfriend’s shirt while his body was  being pushed harder against the lockers. 



“Always so rough,” Baekhyun breathed out. 



“You drive me fucking crazy, I swear,” Sehun said, nipping at the elder’s nape. Baekhyun shuddered in response, a quiet whimper escaping his lips as he shut his eyes. 


“A-Ah-” he gasped when the younger pressed hot kisses onto his neck, sucking down hard on the sensitive skin, “Why do you always have leave hickies on my neck? They’re hard to cover up.” 


Sehun loved it- the way Baekhyun’s body slightly trembled when he sunk his teeth into the milky expanse of skin, the way the elder’s breath hitched, trying to act unaffected when Sehun knew it was his weakness. 



Sehun hummed into the crook of his neck, “Love how sensitive you are,” emphasizing his point by softly biting onto the patch of skin right under Baekhyun’s jaw, enjoying the stuttered moan that came out when he licked over the bite, sucking until a pretty shade of cherry appeared. 



“The ones I left last week are almost gone.” 



Sehun dipped his head back down, nipping and licking into the hollow of his collarbone, leaving more love bites with a smug look on his face.  Baekhyun slightly arched his back off of the lockers, his body trembling- arms held down by his boyfriend. 



“N-Not too much, I won’t be able to hide them,” he whined. 



“Don’t hide them, I want everyone to see.” 



Baekhyun shuddered at the hot breath on his neck- he felt lightheaded, dizzy almost, he didn’t know how the younger boy had so much control over him, but he did. He could feel his body immediately submitting to the younger- melting into his hands like putty and he couldn’t do anything to stop it, not that he wanted to. 



His sweater was tugged off before he could even mutter a word in protest. 



“What if someone from the team comes in?” he slight panicked.



“Don’t worry, everyone went home. Come on, get these off,” Sehun said, impatiently tugging on one of the belt loops of the other’s jeans. 



“God I swear, you’re gonna be the death of me, you hormonal teen.” 


Sehun wasted no time, immediately taking out a bottle of lube and coating his digits in the cold, slimy substance.



“What the- Do you always have lube with you?” Baekhyun asked, wondering why he was even surprised in the first place.  



“Hyung, you talk too much,” Sehun said before slotting his mouth over the elder’s yet again. 



The kiss was more gentle this time as he licked into Baekhyun’s mouth. The first push in Baekhyun’s entrance was tight, Sehun was kind, despite his rough hands and usual harsh movements. He relished in the elder’s heavy breaths. 



The way his hips subconsciously bucked up to get more friction, he loved it. Baekhyun really didn’t realize the affect he had on him. The broken moan that escaped Baekhyun’s lips when the younger’s digits scissored him open shot straight down to Sehun’s dick. 



He was practically throbbing in the confines of his jeans. Two minutes and a pile of discarded clothing later, Baekhyun found himself lying in a rather uncomfortable position on the one of the benches; the younger hovering over him with that hazed look of desire that makes his entire body burn up. 







Baekhyun’s gasping for air when Sehun finally started fucking into him, promptly thrusting into the bundle of nerves that has the elder seeing white. 



“

S-Sehun-”




“Feel good, baby?”



The taller gripped onto the plump thighs on either side of his waist as he thrusted slowly, hard, and deep into the elder. Breathy moans spilled past Baekhyun’s lips; Sehun’s heavy hands felt like fire against his skin and he already felt close to his climax. 



The younger unconsciously darted his tongue out to wet his lips while he watched his boyfriend’s writhing body under him. Body taut, face flushed, eyelids hooded and lips parted, that was how Sehun liked him.



“So fucking good for me hmm?” 



His teasing words had Baekhyun’s mouth falling, a rather embarrassing, aroused sob ripped from his throat. 



“So fucking submissive,” Sehun huskily chuckled. 



The smaller’s body seized up in pleasure as he came without warning- mouth stretched open in a silent cry, fingers curling against the wood of the bench as he shot ribbons of white onto his own torso. 



Sehun smirked, lightly laughing as he worked the elder through