help?”

“No,” said Nozomi forcefully. “Your safety is paramount. Besides, you’ve been tempered in different situations in exile. At this moment, Eri is ruled more than ever by paranoia. If you came along, Eri would merely believe you had been swayed to work for the idol-killers and bounty hunters. If we want her, Aqours is going to have to fight.”

“Hmph,” Maki said, taking a swig from her considerably-filled glass. “I feel useless not on the front line.”

“Not all fighting is done on the front lines. I need your tech experience here,” said Nozomi. “You have contacts that can put us in closer range to our other targets.”

“Except for maybe a half dozen people, all my contacts are CIA or NSA plants, all of whom are already aware I’m AWOL,” Maki grumbled.

“Then work on finding new ones. Chika-chan, as captain, you understand what has to be done, yes?”

Chika nodded. “I think, for a job of this size, all of Aqours needs to come along. Hanamaru has medic skills, we’ll need her on standby, if not in the action.”

Hanamaru nodded. “Understood, zura.”

“We can spare two girls for each car with guns, I think,” You figured out loud. “Six girls oughta do it.”

“How’re we getting on the train itself?” asked Dia.

“We could stop the train,” said Kanan. “That’d be easiest.”

Maki shook her head. “Russia took a page out of the U.S.’s book for antiterrorism methods, which includes countermeasures for railfreight. Stopping a train will just set off every alarm bell from there to Moscow, and then we’d have the military to contend with.”

“What about derailing it?” asked Ruby. “Is there a way to do that, um, safely?”

The red-haired composer inspected the pocket rosary she’d twisted around her wrist. “Not without slowing it to a crawl first. You’re going to have to get on the train while it’s moving.”

“Why not just leap onto the train from a car moving along it?” asked Yoshiko, her face in a wild grin. “Like hussars, on dark wings.”

Everyone looked at each other. Nozomi stifled a small giggle.

“You’re kidding me,” said Chika.

*

“This is absolutely insane,” said Chika. She was sitting in the back of a flat-bed truck that You had acquired with some of their stipend. The sky was a dark grey, overcast. They were waiting alongside the train tracks, in a stretch of treeless flatland they had figured the best for hijacking. It was a crisp, rocky cold, devoid of snow.

“It is,” said You, her breath visible in white curls in the frosty air. “Button up your coat, Chika-chan, you’ll catch cold.” With her and Chika were Yoshiko, Ruby, Mari, and Kanan. Hanamaru, Riko and Dia were bundled up in the cabin, with Dia having taken over wheelman duties.

Mari shivered loudly, pulling the edges of her heavy windbreaker around herself. “Brrrr! I wish I were back in Italy.”

“And miss out on the fun?” asked Yoshiko. “For one, I, the Fallen Angel Yohane, greatly appreciate your presence on this errand, Mari-san.”

Mari kicked her feet, playfully pouting, causing the chassis of the truck to wiggle slightly.

“Everybody’s clear on the plan, right?” asked Chika. “Move fast towards the head of the train. There’ll be guards in each of the wagons along the way; disable them as fast as you can. We deal with any crates we can carry only when we have Ayase-san with us.”

“You-chan. It’s here,” said Kanan, studying the horizon with binoculars. She handed them over to You.

Through the binoculars, You could see the multi-colored shape of the train beginning to wriggle out of the horizon. It grew closer and closer by the second. You thumped on the roof of the truck cabin, giving them the signal to start. The hussars in the back of the truck held on to whatever they could manage as Dia brought the truck up to speed slowly on the frozen, uneven ground.

They were moving fast now, the frosty air burning at You’s cheeks. Dia let the truck glide closer and closer to the tracks. The sound of the tires crunching rocks and frozen earth and the rumbling of the engine filled You’s ears, and the chassis was bouncing, causing it to swerve and lose momentum.

“Slow and steady, Dia!” Kanan said into the walkie; the airstream was too loud for them to yell into the cabin from the windows. The truck came closer to the tracks, beginning to touch the edge of the ramped earth that flanked the tracks on either side as You, and the rest of her team, shifted their