smoke surrounded the office that came from a beaker with a blue liquid, the one Korra and the girls arranged before Asami interrupted them.

“Wait, is there a fire happening?” Asami asked teasingly (which is quite bad but Korra laughed it off) as she checked the beakers.

“Shut it, ‘Sami. I am responsible enough not to create such disaster here in your cozy office.” Korra said confidently and crossed her arms proudly.

Asami shook her head and smiled. She looked around before checking her wrist watch. Korra caught this and sighed.

“Are you leaving already?”

“I have a meeting with Raiko and Varrick first.”

Korra nodded before kissing Asami’s cheek. “Make sure to call or send some letters, okay? Enjoy your time off. I’ll try to come and visit you.”

“Of course, Korra. Bring some of my favorites foods, alright?”

 Korra opened her eyes and found herself in an empty, blank, spaced out room; There was absolutely nothing in it. She turned around to inspect to make sure it’s real. The silence was deafening. She can feel goosebumps sneaking into her body like a fast satomobile, causing her to be terrified a bit. She convinced herself that it’s just a dream but she didn’t know how to wake up and get out of it. She kept on pinching herself to no avail, closing her eyes to awake herself… ending it with a failure.

“Don’t spin your body too much, Korra. I can feel myself being dizzy just because of your actions.” A voice suddenly said in a corner where it is being engulfed with such brightness, causing Korra to cover her eyes. While the unknown spirit with a veil walked closer to her, she removed her hands from her eyes and looked at the unknown spirit confusingly.

“Who are you?” Korra said as she prepared herself in her bending stance.

The spirit removed the veil covering its head and looked at Korra, “Please Korra, calm down... It’s just me.”

Korra dropped her stance and look at the spirit with tears in her eyes, “Sokka…”

Sokka, in his prime, smiled lightly, “Hello Korra.” The Avatar can’t help but let her tears cascade down in her face and hugged Sokka. The old Chief of the Southern Water Tribe laughed and hugged his favorite kiddo.

“I missed you so much…” Korra said sadly as she continues to hug her Uncle Sokka.

“Me too, Korra… But right now, you have so much to do.” Sokka said seriously to the Avatar, causing her to break out of the hug and look at him confusingly.

“W-wait, what? What happened?! Is the Spirit World in trouble? Any new problems that I will face?” She asked Sokka, feeling flabbergasted.

The old Chief smiled at the Avatar’s questions, “Waaaaait! You asked too many questions.” He laughed, “Korra, relax… There’s no problems the Spirit World is facing… Nor you will be facing some new bad people. Let’s just sit down…”

“I am confused.”

“You’ll understand as I’ll tell you your mission.” Sokka said as he sat in a lotus position, clicking his hand to reveal a table in front of him with teapot, cups and foods.

“What mission? I am now more confused with what’s happening around me, Uncle.” Please wake me up from this dream… If it is. She thought.

Sokka smirked, “If I wake you up, you won’t be able to understand everything that will happen if you wake up.”

“What?”

“I can read your mind, cool right?” He said as he grinned goofily and ate some biscuits, “I’ll explain everything…”

“O…kayyyy?” Korra said, confused from what’s happening. The Avatar sat down and poured a cup of tea for herself.


“I am here to guide you for your mission. For someone.”


Korra scoffed, “You aren’t really explaining it clearly, Uncle. I mean… I am not that someone, am I? What’s my connection with her or him?”

Sokka stared at her, “Your best friend… Asami Sato. She’s the reason as to why you are here.”

This caught Korra’s attention, “Asami? Why?”


“Didn’t you told her that you’ll do everything for her to be happy? Do you still stand by what you told her?”


“O-of course! Yes! For Asami’s happiness.”

The old Chief smiled at her enthusiasm, “You want her to be happy, right?”

“What will I do?”

“She needs a fresh start…” He clicked his fingers again and a flashback of memories of Asami’s childhood surrounded the two.


“She has experienced a lot ever since she was just a child that she shouldn’t experience in her age. She has experienced many kinds of heartbreaks in any kinds of love… Familial, Friendly,