in case it was sleeping gas.

"Ladies and gentlemen, it's show time."

Flying above Beika, Kaitou Kid easily landed on the roof of The Mouri Detective Agency. He really wanted to know why his favourite detective didn't come to see him at his heist, and he was planing on questioning him about it. A part of him was also a bit worried, because who knows, something might have happened to tantei-kun.

His worry only grew when he couldn't find the small detective anywhere in the building. Trying not to let his feelings get the best of him, Kaito remembered that the Mouris didn't look worried at all, so they probably knew that Conan was safe. From his information gathering -stalking-, tantei-kun spent a lot of time somewhere else too, and so he headed to the only place the Chibitantei might be at; the crazy inventor's house.

Heey :D I'm baack! I know that was quick, which is why I'm feeling quite proud of myself right now :p and actually this is the second time writing this chapter. I wrote it this morning, but after I finished it I deleted the only copy I had by error (T ^ T) so there might be some -like a lot- of mistakes, and well real free to point them out :D Anyways~

Today's chapter is more of a Shinichi/Conan centric, hope you'll enjoy :) -Yuukki


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Edogawa Conan was a happy child, always smiling and clinging childishly to his older 'sister'. At least, that's what people thought. Did they never wonder, that maybe, just maybe, it was all fake, a mask he used to hide his pain? How could they think that somebody who faced death so often was used it? How could they believe that anybody could be used to death! Even adults, police officers, were sometimes disturbed by the things they saw. But no, it never crossed their minds.

The truth was, Shinichi was tired.

For the last year and half, he had been lying and acting. And he could only be truly be himself with four people; a crazy inventor, a shrunken scientist, a hotheaded detective and a moonlight thief. Some of the craziest people out there, were the ones keeping him sane.

The point was, being with Ran was starting to get tiring. At first, he was happy to spend time with his childhood friend, and crush. But over time, he found himself wishing that he never agreed to live with her. When he was with Ran -which was all the time-, he had to hide and act more than ever, after all they knew each other too well, and she could find out who he was easily. At least that's what he thought.

He didn't know if he was relieved or disappointed. Of course, he was happy that she didn't find out who he was, but how could she not? Even Hattori, who didn't know him, discovered his secret, how come she didn't? Didn't they know each other most of they lifes?

Sadly, couldn't really complain, after all, he needed her to stay in the dark.

Without realizing, he started lying, and getting distant even more. By the end of the first year, Edogawa Conan became a different person, with different likes and dislikes. There were of course little things, that he couldn't change. Things, that truly made him who he was, but the fact was, most of the time Edogawa Conan was not Kudo Shinichi.

And slowly, but surely, being with Ran was more of a chore than anything else, and without realising it, he could only see the girl that he used to like, as an overprotective sister.

One of the things Conan hated the most was getting sick, something he had been for the last three days;


The Professor had been invited to an old friend's mansion, and he brought Haibara and Conan with him. Of course, a murder happened.



Coming back from the restroom, Conan was walking leisurely through the halls while trying to find his way back to the others in the dinning room. Suddenly, the sound of something heavy falling to the ground could be heard from the room he just passed. "Is everything alright?" He asked while knocking on the door.



Receiving no answer, he turned the door handle, and before it was even completely open, he could see a silhouette on the floor. Quickly running to its side, he found out that it was a woman. Kneeling on one leg he quickly check her pulse. Nothing. Like always. Slowly standing, he was going to make his way back to the others, but before he could even turn around, he felt a sharpe pain on his head. One memorie went through his head before he welcomed the darkness. And he remembered the day he went to Tropical Island with Ran. Just like then,