, shaking her head lightly. "I don't think I'll ever get to experience it. Who would want to love a hunter, understanding that every time I walk out the door there would be a high possibility that I wouldn't return?" Rachel shrugged her shoulders lightly, trying to give off the impression that the thought didn't bother her. Of course, it was human nature to want someone to take care of her, to love her in a way that nobody else would. To wake up next to someone each morning, to spend her evenings cuddled up with them on the couch. But that couldn't happen. The blonde wasn't able to allow herself to put the inevitable on anyone. "I'll probably find myself waiting for a very long time for someone, forever maybe. But, I'll wait forever if its worth the waiting.."

The words that fell from Castiel's lips, his description of her, it would send a shiver down her spine. She had known that she was kind, that she would give the shirt off of her back to someone in need, but to have someone else tell that to her, it was a nice feeling. Was it so difficult to comprehend that there were nice humans amongst the bad, just like there were nice angels amongst the dicks?

Easy to read, perhaps to him some humans were able to be read easily. He had studied how she acted when he had listened to her explain love and never once had she mentioned the experience from her view, which told him easily that she likely had never experienced it before, something else the two would relate to it seemed. 

The moment she said no as she shook her head, Castiel felt for her. Yet it was likely hard for her to get close to anyone with everything that was going on, for this he felt bad. He wasn't blaming himself for this, no he was blaming this meaningless war for her unhappiness, well for this entire families unhappiness. So much lost, so little gained from it. 

Now what she said next.. it caused Castiel to show more emotions, sadness was clear on his soft features. It was hard for people to get past that, getting with a hunter, not knowing if they would come home alive.. not knowing if they did come back, if it was even them. So much could happen, so much bad, but at the same time, so much good could come from what they did, no matter how small the job seemed to be, it was helping. 

Love, difficult as it was to understand.. it seemed the more that Castiel listened, the more he seemed to find a way to paint a clearer picture for it. “A hunters job, though dangerous.. shouldn't stop someone from loving you. They would love you and it would mean more, every time they had to spend with you, that much more special, because of how short it could be.. have faith” He spoke, a soft smile would appear upon his features. 

The word's came from Castiel, though he knew little of love, had never once experienced it. Even he knew though that with a life, a job as dangerous as a hunters, that love was still possible and that while it could be short lived, it would be that much more special.

He saw the good in her, he saw it in a few of the humans he had become close to. He knew well enough that there were good and bad, same could be said about angels, not all were as kind, as caring as himself, but there were a few still out there in this war, fighting to help protect humanity. 

Rachel pressed her tongue against the inside of her cheek as she listened to Castiel's words. He made more sense to her, despite his lack of knowledge on the subject, then she could possibly have come up with herself. Why had she not thought of it like that before? Knowing that there was possibly limited time left for her that it would make a relationship a little more special.. Her heart fluttered a little at the thought. Her blue eyes looked up into the angel's blue orbs as a small smile appeared on her lips.

"If only you were human.." Maybe that was what she needed, someone as sweet and innocent like the angel. Someone who saw the good in most situations, someone who had a little faith? It was only then did the blonde realize what she had said out loud. Her blue eyes widened out of embarrassment. Talk about putting her foot in it once again..

"Oh crap.." She muttered under her breath. "I didn't mean, well.." Was there really anything that she could say that would be able to take it back? She stumbled over her words as her mind rushed, attempting to think of what she could say in order to save face.

His lack of knowledge in human actions, life, emotions and love showed a lot of the time. Yet in this moment he showed that he was a smart