... no, no! God no, he thought.

She sent him a sympathetic look, and he was almost reassured, until she remarked:

"Oh, vous voyez? Bien sûr que vous savez parler français. Vous êtes policier?" Oh, see? Of course you can speak French. Are you a policeman?

John was starting to feel a little dizzy, and very embarrassed under Sally's mocking stare. He glanced at Sherlock to see if the twat could be of any help, but naturally he was too busy "interrogating" MadameDelsaut, who seemed very glad indeed to be able to talk French to someone. Poor Lestrade just sat there, forced to wait until Sherlock deigned translate a few words for him to take down. John turned back to Aurélie, and stuttered.

"Um... docteur? Je suis docteur?" Um... doctor? I'm a doctor? 

He smiled awkwardly and added the only other thing he knew how to say in French:

"Je m'appelle Jean." My name is John. 

Then he remembered the young woman's father was "Jean", and slapped himself mentally.

"God I'm so sorry I... um... Pardon?"

Feeling incredibly uncomfortable, John swore to kill Sherlock after this was over. And insult him in Dari or something. Damn him.


 ¤ oOo ¤ 


Lestrade was becoming increasingly irritated, and swore he wouldn't let Sherlock into any case for at least a month. He was furious with the detective, but didn't dare to make a scene in front of the late ambassador's wife, especially since her husband had just been murdered. He was bitterly regretting having contacted the infuriating man for this case, and hoped that at least he would help unravel the mystery.

"Cela vous dérangerait-il si je voyais la chambre de votre mari?" Would you mind if I take a look around your husband's bedroom?

"Non, je vous en prie. Suivez-vous." No, please do. Follow me.

The three of them walked down the corridor to the dead man's room, leaving John, Sally and Aurélie behind. Lestrade couldn't help but feel bad for the ex-soldier as he noticed the doctor's panicked look when Sherlock left the room. I really have no idea how you can put up with him twenty-four hours a day, he mused, shaking his head.

They got to the room and before they went in Lestrade grabbed Sherlock's arm, startling the detective, who sent him a miffed look, and growled:

"You'd better have something to tell me once this is over."

"She's the killer." Sherlock deadpanned with a low voice. Lestrade froze.

"What? Oh God if you're making this up..."

Sherlock shrugged, evidently annoyed, and followed Madame Delsaut into the room.


 ¤ oOo ¤ 


It only took him five seconds to find all the details he was looking for.

"Votre mari dort à gauche?" he asked innocently, his tone more stating than questioning. Your husband sleeps on the left?

At this, Madame Delsaut seemed a little unsettled.

"Oui, en effet. Pourquoi?" Yes, indeed. Why,

"Simple constat. Cela peut n'avoir aucune pertinence." Just an assessment. It may not be relevant at all. 

It was, however, and Sherlock was well aware of it. His eyes scanned the room. He didn't sleep here very often, came back late, there is nothing personal of his in this room – wasn't close to his wife, perhaps he had some other attachment? 

"Pourrais-je voir le téléphone de votre mari, Madame?" May I see the mobile phone of your husband, Madame?

She frowned slightly at this, but went to get it in the inner pocket of a jacket that lay on a chair. Her hands trembled.

"Pardonnez-moi, c'est juste que... il le tenait encore hier soir..." Forgive me, it's just that... he was still holding it just yesterday...

Her voice broke and Lestrade glowered at Sherlock, who didn't bat an eyelid and kept his gaze fixed on the woman. Fake trembling, she's acting... Interesting.

"Merci, Madame." Thank you, Madame.

He took the phone. She rubbed her eyes.

"Excusez-moi. Cela est très dur pour nous deux..." I'm sorry. It is very hard for the both of us...

"Que fait votre fille?" What does your daughter do?

"Elle étudie la pharmacie à King's Colle pour devenir chimiste," she answered with a sad smile. She's doing a Pharmacist degree at King's College, to become a chemist.

All the while, Sherlock was checking the contact list on Jean Delsaut's phone. Having found nothing of interest there, he took a look at the history. Oh. He did not bother to hide his grin, but then suddenly turned back to Madame Delsaut, his face serious.

"Qui est Anshula?" Who is Anshula?

When she heard the name