you now, I don't think you have to worry about throwing her off with that."

Adrien stopped pushing his chair, now putting his weight on it to focus all attention to glare at his kwami.

“Gee, thanks Plagg.”

“Anytime.”

Adrien slouched over with a sigh. He looked down, adopting the same focused look as before. "Okay, but if it wasn't me, then what was it?"

"Maybe she was hungry," Plagg suggested. Maybe she was some kind of hungry if she was willing to learn how to bypass the security system like that just to see Adrien.

Actually, that ‘maybe’ sounded a lot more like a ‘definitely’.

"No, Plagg, I don't think she was hungry."

Adrien twisted the chair around to slump over the back. His hair was pushed out of place as he turned his head to the side to look out the window, strands sticking up in every direction.

"...Do you think..." Adrien’s breath hitched, his eyes lowering, then picking back up again to peer into the evening sky. There was something glimmering in his eyes, and it wasn’t the city lights creeping in from the open window. "Do you think she..."

Plagg knew that look. He’s seen it so many times since that very first day together, along with the same hesitant hope present in the boy’s voice. And like always...

"...Nah," Adrien quietly dismissed, burying his face in his arms, "Couldn't be."

Plagg barely caught the strangled breath from outside the window.

Come on Ladybug, that's it?! What happened to all the freak outs when she was in civilian mode? Something, anything, some kind of weird noise to make Adrien check the window?

Did knowing Adrien was Chat really make her hesitate?

Or was it still that something else? She couldn't tell him, even if she wanted to. The rule that Ladybug set between the two heroes was for a good reason. Just one akuma with the right abilities, or just the wrong person finding out…

Ladybug really wanted to protect everything dear to her, even if it meant not taking this painfully open chance.

Fate brought them together, and fate decided to be a jerk.

The pang of something heavy surged in Plagg’s chest. Something like guilt that left an awful taste in his mouth.

"Nice to see you sticking with reality," Plagg offered back, shoving these thoughts aside.

"Look," said Adrien, "if I'd finally managed to get her to look at me, there'd be a little warning, wouldn't there?"

Really? Plagg stared straight at Adrien in disbelief.

The kwami shook his head, quipping, “It's not like you'd know either way.”

"Oh, wow, thanks," Adrien shot back before scrolling through the Ladyblog forums. Almost inaudible over the sound of typing, he quietly added, "It was just a thought."

A shaky sigh from outside barely caught in the kwami’s ears. Plagg stayed silent, glancing between his ward and the window before trying to inch towards the window to take a peek.

"...She's amazing, isn't she?" Adrien’s voice practically floated like clouds, a complete change from moments ago.

Another strange noise from out the window. Plagg didn’t have to look at the screen to know what Adrien was up to, because what else would he be doing? “Here we go again…”

Suddenly there was frantic scrabbling against the outside wall. If he had blinked, Plagg would have missed the red mask peek over the ledge before the heroine's fingers slipped.

He couldn’t take this any longer. As his kwami he was forbidden from saying anything to Adrien, but if Adrien found out himself it would solve everything. This was so complicated and yet it could be just so simple if Adrien had any sense of awareness-

"Look, kid," the kwami sighed, rubbing his paws on his forehead and using every fiber of control in his body to not snap, "Just. Tell her how you feel and be done with it already. It's been forever. Either she's gonna accept you or she isn't."

"...C'mon Plagg," Adrien laughed softly, in a way that didn’t sound like laughter at all and more like resignation, "I'm not going to ruin us over something like that."

Ruin.

Plagg huffed at the word.

(The memory of Heracles awakening from Hera’s spell of madness. The way Zilal’s body crumpled at echoes of phantom pains upon hearing the entire world was about to be thrown into war once again-)

Plagg and his past partners embodied ruin.

And when Adrien said it like that, trying to brush it off with the glimmer dimming in his eyes, Plagg believed him just the same. The boy already resided in a home of ruin, no matter how much the polished floors shined. Adrien was genuinely scared of everything between him and Ladybug coming to ruin