!  Zayn loves me, he’s crazy about me!” Donna blurts out nervously, trying to gain an advantage over Harry.

“Crazy enough to get a restraining order on you!” Niall shouts from behind.

From the corner of Harry’s eye, Zayn crawls around him and emerges from the counter, breathing loudly through his nose with his jaw clenched.  Zayn reaches for Harry’s hand when he gets to his feet, and holds it behind his back for support.  Donna is now beside herself with joy, and giggles every other second at the sight of Zayn.

“Let me take care of this,” Zayn whispers, “just stay in the back.”

“Are you sure?” Harry asks worriedly.

“Yeah, what if she’s packing!” Niall whispers, making Harry and Zayn give him a confused look.  “What?  My girlfriend’s six-inch heels nearly killed me once!”

“Niall, just go!” Harry says, pushing Niall towards the back of the shop.  They stumble through the doorway together, and Harry closes it shut, keeping his hand on the door knob.

“What are we going to do?  What if she tries to kill him?” Niall panics, flailing his hands a little.

Harry holds a finger to his lips to silence Niall, then slowly opens the door again, and peeks through the inch-wide slit.  Niall slides under Harry and tucks the top of his head under Harry’s chin, opening the door just a little wider to watch Zayn’s confrontation.

“I heard everything, Donna,” Zayn says sternly.  “How dare you speak to my friends like that.  How dare you follow me and come in here acting like I’m your puppet!”

“I was just joking, you can take a joke, right?”  Donna’s tone is desperate and Harry struggles to hold back from laughing.  “I was going to ask you to the masquerade ball!  Oh Zayn, please tell me you’re not going with anyone else, please say I’m the only one?”

Zayn shakes his head, then winces when Donna begins to make high-pitched whining noises.  “But Zayn!” she protests, “We would look so good at the ball together, we would––”

“We would look like a disaster!” Zayn shouts.  “You’re rude, you’re delusional, and you can’t take no for answer.  I don’t want to see you and I don’t want you speaking to me ever again.”

“Zayn, you can’t!  You promised!”

“Promised you what?  I never speak to you in class, how can I promise you anything?”

“Well, I mean… you promised in my head!”

Harry and Niall snicker, and Zayn shoots them a glare from where they stand.  “Who is this girl, anyway?  Why is she so desperate for Zayn?” Niall whispers, his hair tickling Harry’s chin when he looks up.

“She’s weirdly obsessed with him and makes up all these stories,” Harry replies, scratching his chin.  “I met her when I visited Zayn’s school and she chased us down the street when we were in a cab trying to get away!”

“You’re joking!  She can really run that fast?”

“Scariest thing I’d ever seen in my life, she was literally––whoa!”  Harry stumbles backward when a box is thrown in their direction, and Niall falls forward, accidentally swinging the door open when Donna angrily storms away from the counter.

“Go fuck yourself, Zayn!  You and your stupid friends!  I hate you, I never loved you!”

“Let’s hope it stays that way!” Zayn shouts, and Donna finally leaves the shop.

Harry runs to Zayn, only to be held back at arm’s length in response. “Not now, I need to be alone.”  Zayn quickly walks in the direction of the fitting rooms, leaving Harry with Niall.

“Best take care of him,” Niall sighs, putting a hand on his hip.  “I don’t think a hug will suffice.”

“Everything was going so well until she showed up.”

“Go on back, I’m about to order us a security guard for the day.”

Harry runs to the fitting rooms, searching each stall until he finds Zayn sitting on the wooden chair with his hands covering his face.  Harry slowly approaches him, then kneels down, softly rubbing Zayn’s arms until he puts his hands in his lap.

“Hey,” Harry says quietly, “you okay?”  Zayn shakes his head in response, keeping his eyes closed.  “It’s all right, Niall’s got a security guard coming and you’ll be safe, I promise.”

Zayn sighs and slips out of the chair, kneeling beside Harry when he rests his forehead on Harry’s shoulder.  They stay quiet for a few moments until Zayn slips his arms around Harry, pulling him into a hug.  “I’m sorry I ruined your day.  You and Niall.  I’