that Taiga is capable of constructing balanced meals for the both of them. At least, balanced in the sense that he’s receiving the required nutrients. Taiga’s idea of portioning would shock even the most hardened dietician. Eventually, after sorting through a bag of leafy greens, uncooked mung beans, and a can of condensed milk, Atsushi settles on a collection of vegetables, a pack of udon noodles and a defrosted hunk of beef. “Unless Muro-chin wants an American meal.” He adds, glancing down at him from the corner of his eye.

Tatsuya shakes his head, smiling at Atsushi’s thoughtfulness. “I’m up for whatever you want.” With a nod, Atsushi gets to work, calling for various pots and utensils that Tatsuya only vaguely knows of.

At last the kitchen settles into a steady rhythm of knives against wood and bubbling water. Tatsuya is trying to peel a carrot while Atsushi stands next to him chopping mushrooms and throwing them into the pot. He peers upwards and notices, with a mortifyingly hot rush of glee, that his imagination had been accurate in every portrayal of their height difference. Instead of allowing his thoughts to stray back to the embarrassing daydreams that have been creeping his psyche for the last week, Tatsuya clears his throat.

“Where did you learn how to cook?” He doesn’t look up from the paring knife’s glide down the length of the carrot.

“My parents own a restaurant,” there’s a pause in the knife sounds “what are you doing to that carrot, Muro-chin?” Tatsuya blinks down at the lack of vegetable in his hand.

“Oh. I was never taught how to peel things with just a knife.” Suddenly, Atsushi is much closer than before. His arm snakes around him so that Tatsuya is caged in Atsushi’s hold. They’re not touching but electric currents run in the air between them, making the hairs on Tatsuya’s arms stand up. He has to bite back a choked squeal when Atsushi’s hands cover his own.

“Hold the knife like this.” With deft fingers, Murasakibara readjusts Tatsuya’s grip on the knife. He realizes Atsushi’s hands are much, much larger than his own. Even more than he’d originally assumed from just looking at them. “Make sure you’re holding the widest part,” While his friend directs his hands, he notices that despite the wet cloves of garlic lying on the counter next to them, Atsushi smells distinctly like cinnamon- which fits him well. “Put your finger on the blade and press here, make sure you find the right angle.” Atsushi’s hands tighten around his own, the bulges of his biceps press on Tatsuya’s shoulders. The air around them begins to buzz

“How do I know when I have the right angle?” Tatsuya’s voice is scratchy, he forces himself to swallow thickly. Atsushi is still working at the carrot, his chin resting on the top of Tatsuya’s head.

“It should just give- oh here it is.” Himuro watches their hands, or rather Atsushi’s hands enveloping his own, slide the layer of skin off the carrot. It falls off the counter, but neither of them move to pick it up.

“Do you think you can do it by yourself?” Atsushi’s talking normally, but his mouth has moved so he can speak right next to his ear. He’s still gripping onto Tatsuya, and he can feel the warmth of his chest, plus his heartbeat steady against his back.

“Y-yeah.” Tatsuya’s clears the gravel from his throat. “Thanks, Atsus-“ Tatsuya makes the mistake of turning his head to peer over his right shoulder. Atsushi’s mouth must’ve been in his hair because he’s now close enough to have his lips brush against the corner of Himuro’s lips. They’re slightly chapped, though his breath is soft enough to feel like a kiss.

They jerk away from each other, Atsushi less violently. Tatsuya immediately misses the warmth, but the spot Atsushi’s lips had brushed burns furiously.  With a small “sorry” from Atsushi and a smaller wave of dismissal on Tatsuya’s part, the two of them return to their knife work.

Tatsuya peels the rest of the carrots poorly and in silence.

The quasi-peaceful quiet is broken when Atsushi sets the pot to simmer for an hour, leaving the two of them in to their own devices. Conversation starts when Atsushi stumbles upon one of Kagami’s basketball magazines.

“Ah, Mine-chin and I were interviewed in this one.” Tatsuya’s curiosity perks at Atsushi’s voluntary mention of anything and anyone having to do with basketball.

“Was this another Generation of Miracles thing?”

“Mm. This one came later though, after all of us left for different high schools.” He flips through the glossy pages, eventually settling on a full-page shot of Aomine going for a dunk, Atsushi is hovering under the net, arms stretched up in what would be an unmistakable