managing just fine, but it’s just so annoying having to schedule things over the phone and everyone expects you to know how to use Excel and type one hundred words a minute and-“

Suga put his hands up in an attempt to cut the woman’s rambling off, now knowing where the kid got it from. She stopped, eyes going wide, probably after realizing she had been babbling to a stranger “Um, it’s okay, as long as everything’s alright here?”

“Oh, yes, everything’s fine. Thank you, you don’t have to worry.” Her voice was clipped, a tight smile pushing at her cheeks.

“Okay, well, it was nice to meet you Yamaguchi-san,” He turned to wave at the boy sat on the floor, “you too, Tadashi-kun.” As he moved away toward his door he looked over his shoulder at the woman, “Um, guess we’ll be seeing you around? Welcome to the building.” Quickly he shuffled into his apartment, locking the door behind him and sighing against it. Oikawa moved into his view, already changed out of his valet get-up and holding two steaming mugs.

“I’m going to have to change your name from Refreshing-kun to Awkward-kun, you know that right?”

“Shut the fuck up, Tooru, at least I didn’t just shrug and runaway from a crying child! You heartless piece of shit.”

“Ouch, Kou-chan! That really hurts!” Oikawa feigned being wounded as he sat the second mug down on the counter next to Suga, sniffling like he was about to cry “After all I’ve done for you, you treat me so meanly.”

Suga rolled his eyes though a smile graced his lips, fingers curling around the too-big mug and foot reaching out to kick Oikawa in the shin. “You’re such a drama queen, seriously.”

True to his title, Oikawa only pouted further, flipping Suga the finger before slinking off to the couch. Suga took a sip from his tea, setting it down before undoing his bowtie and the buttons to his vest and shirt. He moved across the apartment to his bedroom, finding something more comfortable to change into.

“Hey!” Oikawa yelled from his spot on the couch, “You wanna go pester your sister? I’m starving!” 

“Sure, just give me a minute.”

---

The Unidentified Flying Waffle was a diner on the outskirts of the city known for its humorous approach at making food more extraterrestrial. Oikawa fucking loved it. The alien shaped pancakes and the star shaped waffles, mashed potatoes shaped like Devil’s Tower and eggs cooked into the shapes of UFOs. Even the waitress get-up was amazing. Black knee length, 50’s styled dresses speckled with white stars, cute little plush aliens in their spaceships pinned to the white diner hats. It was all so amazing, but what was even more amazing, was seeing one Shimizu Kiyoko adorned in it all.

When she made her way over to her brother and his best friend, her fake service smile instantly dropped from her face, her features falling back into their normal stony expression as she set two glasses and a pitcher of orange juice down on their table.

“What do you two want?”

“Kiyoko-chan, is that really anyway to address your guests?? How do you expect to get tipped with an attitude like that?” Oikawa leaned over the table on his elbows, a shit eating grin plastered over his face. “Besides,” he teased “aren’t you forgetting something?”

“Ah, yes.” Suga joined in, also resting his elbows on the table.

“Koushi, come on, don’t do this,” Kiyoko sighed, pushing her glasses up the bridge of her nose with her middle finger.

“What?” Oikawa laughed “Is it not Flying Waffle’s policy that when a server-“

“That’d be you.”

“Greets a guest-“

“That’s be us.”

“That said server must perform the Flying Waffle Twistaroo?”

“Koushi, come on, no.”

The devious pair stared at Kiyoko with wide smiles and expectant eyes for a good minute before finally she sighed and rolled her eyes up to the ceiling, her arms coming up onto her hips as she half-assed dancing and speaking the song instead of singing it

“Thank you for crash landing at the UFW,” Her fingers crossed over her chest to form a ‘W’ with her thumbs and index fingers “Home of the Flying Waffle Twistaroo,”she turned in a circle slowly “what may I get soaring for you?”

“Wow, every time!” Suga laughed, clapping his hands together gleefully.

Oikawa snorted with laughter, also clapping “It’s so stupid, oh my god!”

“Fuck you, bed-shitter.” Kiyoko said in her strangely calm manner. The table behind them looked up disgusted, before turning back around to presumably mind their own business. Kiyoko slid into the booth next to her brother, pouring the juice into their cups and taking