probably already in a really bad place, with his grandfather in the hospital and all.”

“I forgot about that.” There’s a thump, Viktor sitting down or slumping against a wall. “I’m just as bad at empathy as he is.” His voice breaks.

“You should go in and talk to him.” Katsuki says.

Viktor lets out a humorless laugh. “I think that would do more harm than good.” He laughs again, and it morphs into a sob.

This is not what you wanted.

(Isn’t it though? Didn’t you, in some sick way, want them to feel how you felt? Didn’t you want Katsuki to believe you? Didn’t you want Viktor to break down? You did want this. You did.)

What you didn’t want was for Viktor to be angry at himself. You wanted Katsuki to hate him. You think that’s probably worse.)

The rest of their conversation is too quiet for you to hear, and you’re too busy trying not to break down to care anymore. You don’t know how long you sit there, wallowing in misery, but somewhere between your episodes of anger, sadness, and guilt, Viktor knocks on the door.

“What do you want, old man?” You ask, but your voice lacks its usual bite.

“Um, actually, it’s just me.” What? Why is Katsuki the one trying to talk to you? It was supposed to be Viktor. You should be talking to Viktor right now.

“Shouldn’t you be off crying in a bathroom somewhere, Katsudon?” You do not want to talk to some pig who pities you. (Translation: you are terrified that if Katsuki comes in and is nice to you, you will cry. And you don’t cry. You don't. It scares your cat.)

He chuckles softly. “No, I, uh, I think I’m good.” (Translation: He thinks Viktor has that covered.) Why is he being nice to you? “Can I come in?”

“Unless you are here to bring me my cat and three helpings of katsudon, you can fuck off on back to Japan.”

A pause. “I guess that's a yes, then.” He sounds smug. Does Katsuki even possess the ability to be smug?

“What the hell are you talking about?” You try to sit up, but you've forgotten that you are currently leaning against your door, and conk your head against the doorknob in your effort. Fucking hell, this day just cannot get any worse.

“You said if I had your cat or some katsudon, I could come in.”

Fuck. Fuck. He's found some way to get into your room and now to torture you he's going to tell you personal stories about, like, the color of Viktor’s socks or some other equally inane bullshit. You are going to cry whether you want to or not, probably out of boredom and just a general wish for death. There's only so much a man can take of Katsuki’s babbling before he goes and downs a shot of bleach, or lighter fluid.

“Well, your cat is right outside the door, and I have two bowls of katsudon in my hands.”

Fuuuuuck. Wait. Not fuck. Not fuck at all. “I said three, you oversized bowl of pork.”

“Well, if I'm an oversized bowl of pork, I guess I'm the third helping.”

Fuck it is. “If I let you in, will you shut the hell up?” It's a last resort, but at least now he won't be able to talk to you. And then maybe you can maintain angry eye contact with him until he gets too uncomfortable and leaves.

“Sure.”

You stand up and unlock the door. You open it slowly, glaring what you can only hope is the equivalent of eight thousand stabs to the jugular. He silently hands you your katsudon, and nods towards your cat, who meows loudly and wanders into your room.

“If you talk, you leave.” He nods again and makes some idiotic gesture of zipping up his lips. You sit on your bed, and to your horror, he sits right next to you. He gives you a look of pity, or understanding, or some shit, and damn if that doesn’t make you want to crawl into the earth and die. You don’t need that shit. Fine. Maybe you will glare at him until he leaves you alone.

You meet Katsuki’s kind eyes with a look of utter hatred, and shove some Katsudon into your mouth. He smiles sadly and takes a small bite. Wimp. Without breaking eye contact, you stab your fork murderously into a piece of pork and devour it. Katsuki takes another dainty bite. This isn’t getting you anywhere. You look down and take another bite; it’s good, almost as good as the katsudon you had