It had been months since Manami had finished moving into the flat and years since Onoda had started renting it with Naruko and Imaizumi. Back then when they’d started renting it had been a bit of a gong show. Imaizumi and Naruko spent most of the time bickering and Onoda had spent a lot of time trying to make them stop. It had taken months before he realized that, in much the same way as when they had bickered in high school, neither one of them actually had much heat behind their words. Now that all four of them lived there there were occasionally actual arguments but they were always fixed rather quickly. 

“It is the middle of winter you can not be telling me you’re planning on going biking off up some mountain with Onoda!” Except this one. Well perhaps not this exact argument but always between Imaizumi and Manami and always about Onoda. Onoda rubbed his temples as the Imaizumi’s voice got louder and Manami’s got quieter. “You are going to end up getting one or both of you injured!”

“We have both been biking for years, we’ll be fine.” Manami’s voice was getting that quiet hard edge to it that made most people nervous. 

“Okay you two enough.” Onoda’s hand was on his bedroom door when Naruko’s voice cut through, that was a new development. “It’s bad enough that you two argue about who’s going to possibly hurt Onoda next when he’s not here but he’s in the other room, cut it out.”

“I’m not going to get Onoda injured.” By this point Manami was likely glaring at Imaizumi, though possibly Naruko too as he’d gotten himself into it as well.

“Fantastic.” That was Naruko again cutting off whatever Imaizumi had been about to say no doubt. “And neither will Hotshot and if either of you do you’ll have to answer to me so can you both shut up now? Jeeze I thought you guys were the one’s who wanted quiet.”

Onoda could stop himself from laughing at that and attempted to turn it into a cough as he left the bedroom. All three of them were staring at him by the time he got down the hall so he guessed he hadn’t done a great job of covering up his laughter.

“Are you ready to go?” Onoda smiled as he looked at Manami. He decided on the spot he was just going to pretend he hadn’t overheard the conversation. 

Manami nodded smiling back though his was a bit more sheepish than Onoda’s. “Of course.”

“Fantastic.” As he spoke he turned to smile at Imaizumi and Naruko. “We should be back for supper but if we get side tracked and wont be I’ll text you.”

“Have fun!” Naruko grinned at him, as did Imaizumi after an elbow to the ribs from Naruko convinced him to stop glaring at Manami. “Don’t worry to much about being late to dinner, I’ve got the night shift at the theatre anyway so it’ll just be hotshot here at dinner time.”

“Right, so just be- have a good time.” Imaizumi nodded shifting slightly to dodge the second elbow Naruko aimed in his direction. 

Manami waved back as the two of them headed out. In the end the bike ride wasn’t bad at all. It was a warm day for winter and most of the previous snowfall had already melted. They didn’t end up biking up any mountains, though that could have been because there weren’t any terribly close to the flat. Instead they ended up biking to one of the larger places that sold anime merchandise  which Onoda preferred to biking to and then up a mountain anyway. For the most part Manami just liked seeing Onoda happy. They did end up having to text Imaizumi that they would be late which came as no surprise to anyone as Onoda could spend the entire day looking at anime merchandise without loosing interest. To make it up to Imaizumi they bought him a cd, which Onoda chose as Manami still didn’t quite understand the whole anime thing. 

As soon as they got home Onoda of course insisted on listening to the cd with Imaizumi. By the time Naruko got home from the theatre the three of them were a good chuck of the way through a rewatch of Love Hime. Imaizumi scooted over and Onoda scooted close to Manami to make room for Naruko on the couch. Once everyone was settled and the show was playing again Onoda sighed quietly. The day had turned out well, even if the never ending fight about his safety had sprung up again. 