damn breakfast and get to work.

This internal battle lasts for about five whole seconds and he’s in the study, sifting through stacks of paper and turning on the two computers. After logging in and checking his e-mail, he gets started on the article with the mindset of ‘I’ll spend ten minutes on this then I’ll eat’ and goes to work. It’s 8:00 a.m. He’ll eat at 8:10, no big deal.

He’s only reminded that he hasn’t eaten when his stomach lurches uncomfortably and groans loud enough to startle him from the Word document that had consumed his focus. He looks at the clock to see it displays 10:52 a.m. and nearly shits himself.

Almost three hours! Three whole fucking hours!

He scrambles to get up, to be free, to eat, narrowly making it to the kitchen without tripping on the coffee table or slipping on the tiles. With death avoided and all his grace depleted he starts some eggs and toast, realizing about half way through that he’s still in his pajamas and while working at home does have some perks, he really hates the feeling of wearing something you sleep in outside of your bed.

He goes to change quickly, opting for a pair of jeans and v-neck before returning to the kitchen. It’s then that he hears the all too familiar ding of his phone and while he fears that it may be Zackly bitching about whatever the fuck he feels the need to bitch about, he goes to check anyways. Turns out its Hanji asking for a document he’s not even sure he has, so he begins searching through the pile next to his desk. Surprisingly, he finds it a couple of minutes later buried under a heap of old files he really needs  to throw away and goes to make a copy so he can send it to Hanji, the fucking wench, over e-mail.

A shrill sound suddenly pierces through the silence of the apartment, causing Levi to jump and nearly destroy his desk in the process. The smell of something burning is the last thing that registers with his senses, hardly able to connect the dots over the terrifying screech of the fire alarm.

Levi books it to the kitchen, his eyes stinging due to the heavy smoke that has accumulated in the tiny room. He can barely make out the small flame towards the back on the burner but it seems like it would be nearly impossible to get to through without some sort of breathing protection.

He can feel the burning in his throat and nose, eyes watering in an attempt to look for something, anything, to put out the fire. Vaguely he can hear footsteps above his apartment, frantic and sporadic, probably a pair of clueless idiots wondering whether or not the world has finally come to an end.

Water! Water works, right? In the heat of the moment Levi goes into the bathroom and grabs the cleaning bucket from under the sink, filling it with water like his life depends on it. He hears a sound akin to that of snapping wood over the alarms and fearing the worst, quickens his attempts at filling the bucket. He hears the sound again only this time accompanied by shouting, which makes him positive the roof of the apartment has caved or that the wall now has a hole burned through causing it to collapse.

Okay, maybe he’s being a little dramatic, but either way it is a sound that makes his stomach drop.

Going as fast as his little (read as: very powerful) legs could carry him while holding a big ass bucket, he finds himself standing in the middle of his kitchen, the smoke having lessened slightly, with a very tall man, boy, person, thing, standing at the stove looking at the ruined pan of eggs with disapproval.

Levi, more cautious about the strange person in his apartment – wearing only a tank top and basketball shorts, what is this guy? Twelve? – than the fact that the fire is out, doesn’t take a single step further into the room, a biting question hanging on his tongue.

But then they turn around.

Now Levi would like to think he knows a handsome face when he sees one, and he’ll be dammed that’s one attractive fucking face. Perfectly sculpted jawline (rivals Erwin’s if he has anything to say about it), plump lips so round and full you’d think they were shaped out of frozen yogurt (fucking some Shakespeare material right there, this is why he’s a writer), with hair unkempt and in complete disarray but not in a ‘wow comb your fucking hair that’s nasty’ way, more like a ‘just got back from shooting a wicked porno’ kind of way. He’s dated porn star before, he knows the look.

And his eyes. Fucking hell his eyes.

Levi was pretty sure he’d never even seen that color blue before. Imagine the clearest Caribbean water you can, but with hints of green and – holy shit is that gold too? 

This guy