’t call it selfish, but he should know he’ll get in trouble for that, and he’s always so hung-up about troubling others…”

                Wolfram’s eyes narrow as something occurs to him. “You wouldn’t have something to do with it, would you, Lord Weller?”

                Conrad’s smile is as radiant as always. “I may have mentioned something about the castle-wide celebration. Just in case he gets overwhelmed by the reception, you understand. Oh, and what I said about him wanting a quiet Father’s Day was purely my speculation, based on the minimal resistance he put up with Jennifer pulled him into the shower.”

                “……”

                “Wolf! Conrad!” Greta waves at them from the end of the corridor. “Come on!”

                “Coming!” Ah, he’ll just put it aside for now, for his adorable daughter’s sake. “Conrad, aren’t you coming with us?”

                “Oh, it’s fine.” Lord Weller’s smile reaches all the way to the corners of his eyes. “Yuuri already gave me a present this morning. Though where he got it is up for speculation, haha…”

                Wolfram just looks at him, and they stare at each other for one second, two… before Wolfram turns away, tosses something into the air, and mutters something like. “Because you’re my fiancé’s godfather.”

                And then he jogs away to join said fiancé and their daughter, leaving Conrad to stare in wonder at the clumsily-wrapped little packet in his hands.

 

“Where are we going, Yuuri?” Greta asks curiously, looking up at Yuuri, who’s holding her right hand.

                “Shh! It’s a surprise.” Yuuri is grinning, and Wolfram can’t help an exasperated huff at his child-like excitement.

                “Greta, do you still have that thing with you?”

                “Of course!” Greta looks to her left, where Wolfram is holding her other hand and obviously wondering how many hands she has left to carry that thing. She giggles. “It’s in my bag, silly!”

                “Don’t call your daddy that,” Yuuri scolds lightly, trying –and failing-- to hide his curiosity. Wolfram rolls his eyes at him, still slightly annoyed for reasons he can’t quite put his finger on, then getting even more annoyed with himself for being annoyed. And is it just him, or—

                “Here we are!” Yuuri points out their destination with just a bit too much enthusiasm.

                “...Grandma’s flower garden?”

                …No one had gotten used to Greta calling Lady Cheri Grandma yet, except the two girls themselves. Wolfram forcefully makes that muscle in his face stop twitching.

                “Y-yeah. Anyway, Lady Cheri told me a secret a few months ago…”

                Yuuri lets his voice trail away, trying to build suspense. When his audience of two looks decidedly unimpressed, he clears his throat and pulls apart the branches of the weeping swallow tree, to reveal a little corner of the garden no one ever paid attention to—

                “…On the first few nights of summer, these star asters glow in the dark!”

                “Whoa--!” Greta’s eyes seem to sparkle, reflecting that pale, baby blue light. “It’s so pretty!”

                Even Wolfram has to admit, it’s mesmerizing. The flowers have a light, almost indistinguishable fragrance, that, even in the night, brings to mind the sun and rain and summer and…

                His gaze travels, of its own accord, to Yuuri.

                Who—and he’s sure of it now—has been avoiding his eyes all day.

                “Why didn’t we notice this place before?” Greta is demanding.

                “Because asters are wildflowers.” Wolfram crouches down, careful not to trample on any of them.  “I suppose they don’t look so impressive in the day.”

                “Lady Cheri said she didn’t plant them, she just came here one night to—well, she just happened to stumble across them.” On a hot summer midnight rendezvous. Both Yuuri and Wolfram avert their faces from Greta in unison.

                “A-anyway.” Wolfram coughs when Greta tugs on his hand quizzically. “What we mean to say is, these flowers may look ordinary normally, they may be small and unassuming and get into places without you knowing, but when times get tough, they’re the ones that shine the brightest, or the warmest. In fact, they’re just like…”

                “Just like you, Greta.” Yuuri lifts Greta up and gives her a little spin. Now, when has he gotten that strong? Wolfram eyes his toned arms under his sleeves. “I’m proud to be your father, Greta.”

                “We both are.” Wolfram puts a hand on Yuuri’s shoulder, noting the way it stiffens underneath his touch. “And if you don’t show Yuuri what you made now, Father’s Day will be over.”

                “A-ah!” Greta immediately breaks free of Yuuri’s grip, ignoring his