him as if he can't believe what he's hearing. "You take her to a hospital without her say so, and she won't forgive you."

Combeferre blanches. He looks down at Joly. "I'm 90% certain she's bleeding internally."

"Fifteen minutes," Combeferre says. "If she hasn't come round by then, we're taking her anyway. In the meantime, would you like to enlighten us as to what happened."

Feuilly looks between Combeferre and Montparnasse, surprised at the anger which is taking over the usually calm young man's face. He hopes Montparnasse recognises it and has the good grace to be tactful.

Montparnasse doesn't want to talk, though. He stays silent. "'Parnasse," Feuilly says, glancing back to Combeferre who is looking increasingly incendiary. "You said you'd explain later. No one is going to judge you on your involvement."

The others look surprised, but none of them say anything. "Patron-Minette handed her a con for her initiation. Wanted her to scam pretty boy over there's father for ten mill in two days. She refused. They beat her. I found her. We got her out," he says.

Combeferre looks horrified, but he's quickly distracted by a moan of pain from Éponine. He's instantly back at her side. "Éponine, it's Combeferre. No one here is going to hurt you, but we need to get you to a hospital. Montparnasse won't let you go until you agree, so, please, say we can move you."

Éponine's not even capable of opening her eyes, and moans again, presumably from the pain. "I know it hurts," Combeferre continues. "That's why we need to get you help." He takes her hand. "Can you squeeze my hand if you consent to us getting you help?" he asks.

It's faint, but he can feel Éponine's hand tighten round his. "Thank you," he breathes in relief.

-x-

Combeferre and Bahorel end up being the ones who take her to hospital. Bahorel argues with the front desk before they consent to Combeferre accompanying her. Bahorel knows it's only a matter of time before the police turn up. They'll want to know what's happened, and he hopes by then Feuilly will have managed to get some details out of Montparnasse about exactly who did this to Éponine.

Bahorel also knows that if the police do end up interested and involved, there's going to be a horrific fight for custody of Gavroche. Courfeyrac has taken him for now, and Enjolras will have words with his adoptive uncle – who is a registered foster parent – about taking the boy if Éponine is judged unfit.

It's a couple of hours before Bahorel gets the clear to join Combeferre. The boy is sitting in a rough plastic chair beside her bedside, clutching the hand which hasn't been set in a hard cast. He looks exhausted, pale and tired in a way Bahorel has never seen.

"How is she?" he asks.

"She'll be alright," Combeferre answers. "Her ribs are mostly bruised, there's some minor fractures but they're not broken. She's got a nasty spiral fracture on her arm, her shoulder was dislocated, and that'll take weeks to properly heal. They don't think she's bleeding internally, but they want to keep her under observation, and she's horrifically bruised."

"But she'll pull through." Bahorel's endured enough beatings to know that none of those things are life threatening. The girl might be in a lot of pain, but she'll live. "They photographed everything, right?"

Combeferre strokes a thumb over the back of Éponine's hand, even though she wasn't conscious to feel the gesture. "Yes."

"Good. We need it."

Combeferre looks up at Bahorel. "Will the people who did this to her be punished?"

There's doubt in Combeferre's voice, a worrying concern. "It'll depend on what evidence Éponine decides she wants to give. But they should be," Bahorel answers.

"It's one of the things we argued about," Combeferre says, and Bahorel just lets him talk. He's heard bits and pieces about their fight, but he's never given much care to it before. "Whatever her deal was with her parents. However they were abusing her. I told her we could get her help."

Bahorel doesn't think there's much he can say to that, so he just puts his hand on Combeferre's shoulder. Within twenty minutes they're being shepherded out the ward by a nurse, telling them that the patient needs her rest.

-x-

It takes twenty-four hours for Éponine to fully regain consciousness. Combeferre and Gavroche are at her bedside when she does so.

Gavroche delights in telling her all about his sleepover with Courfeyrac