shook his chair round to get a better look at the boy, but found that he had his glaring vacant eyes glued in the textbook.

 

“can i help you with something? a-are you stuck?”

 

ayato whipped his head forwards and shook his shriveled hair back into position, as he scanned the boy for any visible weaknesses or doubts before swiveling in his chair and tapping his pen on the desk. he looked frail and fragile, like a small china doll. ayato was almost too afraid to make snarky comments because he felt that if he did, the boy in front of him would break. he instead took pity for the boy, as he fit in a mad scientist environment, but everyone at their university was quite mad, rude or pretentious.

 

“no. partner up with me, everyone else here is boring,”

 

“i-i’m partnered with nagachika-kun… i’m sure rize-san wouldn’t min-”

 

ayato felt his patience wearing thin as he lifted the books from the desk and threw them directly on the floor. he grabbed his stuff and took the small plastic chair to the missing space next to kaneki, eyes rolling and toes tapping.

 

“not anymore. ‘chika, over there,”

 

hide stared in awe, fear and amazement at the sheer charisma of the classmate, as he shrugged his shoulders and strolled over to rize, making hooting noises and clicking his fingers at every chance he could get.

 

“now that’s sorted… what are we supposed to be doing?”

 

ayato flicked his pen around the table, staring in mid air but keeping a small focus on his class mate. he was an interesting figure, someone similar to koutarou - completely different. a breath of fresh air for ayato.

 

“uh, we’re dissecting these rodents… it’s kinda gross though, don’t you think?”

 

the taller boy smiled at ayato with brilliance, a lack of mistrust, as though they had known one another all of their lives. it mesmerized ayato, merely making his heart thump a little faster but kept a straight face as he scratched the back of his neck unknowingly.

 

“not really. life is a hierarchy, after all, and we decide who is superior. the world is power, right?”

 

he leaned back gently on his chair, eyes closed and arms folded. he expected the taller boy to throw a fit or chuck frog guts at him, but instead was welcomed to a warm smile and cute half lidded eyes.

 

“i see what you mean, but the world isn’t so bad. i think we should all live alongside one another; humans and animals and nature alike, just like it is important for all humans to live together in one society,”

 

“isn’t that useless? we’d all be pawns of the same universe, exactly alike and identical to one another. i wouldn’t be able to tell you or koutarou-san apart, humans are just the scum of the earth, only a few are good and helpful,”

 

ayato saw the taller boy frown a little and sitting back in his seat. i’ve won, he thought, as he stuck his nose up in the air and began to stretch out of his position, only to be held back by a small feeble hand.

 

“then am i bad, kirishima-kun? am i as bad as you think humans are? i may not be the most innocent being nor the smartest, nor am i powerful, but i doubt that i am as bad as you think,”

 

the sharp twinkle in his eyes shot through ayato’s harsh demeanor and and pierced his heart, metaphorically enough that he gawked at the boy and felt every nerve in his body relax as he saw the boy in front of him giggle slightly, and rest his hand on ayato’s leg.

 

“don’t assume everything about me, kirishima-kun, and i will do the same in return,”

 

 

 

the blazing sun tore across the western sky and poured over the skyscrapers leaning over the city, as ayato strolled down the boiled pavements with a hand stuffed in his pocket and the other wrapped tightly around his bag. he pulled out a strawberry flavoured lollipop and licked it with joy, as he continued to walk peacefully in the tokyo warmth.

 

kaneki-kun was a problem, a big one in fact. ayato still does not understand why or how the boy inflicted his feelings so head on and in such a straightforward manner. perhaps because he was honest, mysterious, and intriguing. but at the same time he was kind, warm and amusing. kaneki-kun had to mixing personalities which blended together nicely to make one whole, a boy that ayato had grown to admire. ayato was not lonely, nor was he an outcast or an unwanted person; but kaneki managed to fill a spot within his heart that was long gone, almost unreachable.

 

ayato was deep in thought when he heard his phone chime, and jumped on the sidewalk only to grab the vibrating piece of technology out of his backpack.

 

“hey, kirishima-kun. i’m near ikebukuro, fancy coming