he'd been caught making a weird face by his superior office— and not just any superior officer, strong as entire brigade Captain Levi— but he managed to answer normally. "Nearly done, sir."

"Let me know when it's done. The four-eyes wants data."

"Yes, Captain."

Captain Levi snorted, but Eren was pretty sure it was at something in the report he was reading and not at Eren's statement because he flipped the page over almost derisively. "The bruises on your face are gone," he noted.

Eren reached up and pressed his cheek with the heel of his hand. Sure enough, there was none of the stinging and tenderness from earlier. "Ah. I mean— yes, Captain."

Levi, apparently finished with the report for now, closed it neatly and set it aside him on the carriage bench with a stack of other files. He leaned forward, planting both feet onto the floor and Eren unconsciously scooted back a little, not realizing what he'd done until Levi raised an eyebrow. Eren tried to correct his position, but couldn't seem to strike the right balance between "respecting a superior officer's space" and "not looking like he was afraid of said superior officer." Levi watched him fidget and eventually it was the staring that made him stop.

"Did it hurt?" Captain Levi asked abruptly.

"S-sir?"

"You acted like it hurt," Captain Levi continued. "But your face looked like you were ready to tear something apart."

Eren's temper, so easy to spark, flared up because of course it fucking hurt, but he managed to bank the flames, reminding himself just who he was about to spit vitriol at. Besides, once his head cleared a little, he remembered learning in training that most Titans didn't show any visible reaction to pain, as though most of them didn't feel it all, so Eren supposed it was a legitimate question.

"It hurt like nor— like usual, sir." He corrected himself because could he really be sure it hurt like "normal?" Maybe it would've hurt more for a regular person.

The answer seemed to satisfy Captain Levi— not that he looked satisfied, his brow was still as tight and furrowed as ever— because he didn't press further. He nodded, almost as though to himself, and announced, “I won’t hurt you without a good reason.”

The way he said it, Eren couldn’t tell if it was a promise or a simple statement of fact. Either way, Levi was looking at him with a narrow-eyed stare that made Eren want to start squirming all over again. It wasn't even an angry stare, it was just— just too much. Eren had seen Captain Levi passing through on horseback a number of times, eyes always focused on something in the distance and giving only the most cursory of attention to the crowds that gathered. He’d daydreamed before about riding out with Captain Levi, but he’d never imagined having that gaze fixed on himself. If he had, he sure wouldn’t have imagined it to be so unnerving, nor would he have thought to include the fluttering sensation currently filling his stomach. “I— I appreciate it, Captain.”

“Don’t fucking thank me,” Captain Levi growled. Eren nearly apologized, but he figured that would probably only provoke him more. Captain Levi leaned back again, crossing his legs and taking up another file from the short stack he had beside him. “Did you mean it?”

Eren had no idea what he was asking about. Surely not Eren’s appreciation. “Mean what, sir?”

“‘Shut up and invest in me,’” Levi quoted, one eyebrow raised.

“Oh.” Eren had just been running his mouth in the courtroom, but every single word of it had been true, from the bottom of his heart. “Yes, sir.”

Captain Levi’s eyes had a weird, intense gleam in them. “Yes?”

“Yes,” Eren repeated, more firmly.

“Hm.” And that, apparently, was it. Captain Levi opened the next file and started reading it, the furrow in his brow sinking deeper and deeper. Eren sat in silence for a bit, staring out the crack of window that wasn’t covered and wondered how far they were headed. For all he knew, they could be headed for outer Rose or even whatever little territory had been regained in Maria. No one had told him anything about where they were going or why they were going there. He was being kept in the dark about everything—the upcoming expedition to decide his fate, the missing memories from Trost that nearly damned him—and much as he tried to just put his faith in whatever plans the Survey Corps had, it was… unsettling.

He eyed the stack of files beside Captain Levi and wondered if he even had the clearance for what he wanted to read. “Captain?”

He grunted in response, not looking up.

“Do you have a copy