where she touched him now felt distinctly hot. "Debts of my father needed settling."

She placed her fingertips against his ribs. This time he knew the moment that whatever power this slave girl wielded touched him. His bones knit together under her hands, and he breathed without pain.

He closed his eyes in relief and tried to think past the haze of the drug in his system. "No wand?" he asked at last. 

"Never, Master Wolf," she said, and moved her hands to the dried blood crusting his hip. She leaned over him to touch his knees, then his ankles. He looked down at himself and saw that much of the bruising and lacerations from his transformation in chains had been mended. "My mother had a wand. It did not help her when the village stoned her for a witch." 

She stood up, and Remus curled on his side, all his great hurts reduced to manageable aches. "What's your name, then?" he asked the girl, as she turned away. She was extraordinary. Her power should not be caged here, should never have been caged in the first place, but nurtured. Remus dared not think what she might do if she were trained to use a wand. 

"Tertia," she said. "Ancilla Tertia." 

Remus frowned. The third servant girl, that name meant. It was no name at all. "Not that one. What did your mother call you?" 

She looked back at him, her eyes narrow and silver, curls bleached white by the sun haloing her pale face. The moment was so charged with portent that Remus was entirely prepared when she said, "Luna. My name is Luna." Of course it was. Of course she was, and the next full moon the Dyan Moon, moon of his cruel, pale goddess, and here She stood incarnate. Remus was certain that if he had the Sight the silver cord binding his wyrd to this girl's would be thick and unbreakable. 

He must find a way to escape, and bring her with him to Augg's Ward. 

He wished he had a way to speed up the movement of the sun, to bring the long shadows of evening and the deep darkness of night. There would be no climbing and no running in clear daylight. That would bring the crossbowman and the silver bolt for certain. 

"Sleep, Master Wolf," Luna said, bending to touch his forehead with two fingers. "Sleep and heal." She set a small, shallow bowl beside his head, smoldering with incense. When he inhaled the first whiff, Remus tried to hold his breath against it, wanted to knock the bowl away, but she stood over him, and her two fingers held him still more surely than any chains. 

Wolfsbane. 

Wolfsbane and something else, something sweet and pungent without the bite of the cinnamon she had fed him earlier. He knew she did not intend to harm him, but even a hint of that poison brought on panic. After his first few shallow breaths, his vision began to darken. Her face was white and round and full of light, and it was the last thing he saw before he passed out. 

*

"Wake up, Wolf." 

Remus heard the voice as through a veil of fog. He felt something warm and solid nudge one of his ankles, making the chains clank. The voice was familiar, but he could not place it.

"He is not like the others," said a second voice he recognized as the slave, Luna. She seemed to be speaking from far above him, floating like the sky goddess she was. "He is bright and blue and harder to put to sleep." 

Remus had no idea what the girl was talking about, but apparently someone else did. "No, he is not like the others. He is an idiot. Make yourself useful and fetch something to drink, girl," said the first voice, and this time Remus recognized it.

Severus. A great euphoria swept through Remus as he realized who was standing in the pit beside him. And then just as quickly his joy plummeted in horrified realization.

Severus? Here? At LeStrange's keep? Had Godric been right all along, then, and the potioner had betrayed them all? 

Remus rolled onto his back, felt his leg brush up against a leather-clad foot that was quickly withdrawn. Severus was a shadow in the pit, darker than the stones in the walls, save where the thin light of evening glinted on buckles or the hilts of the daggers in his belt. Suddenly conscious of his own nudity, Remus sat up and pulled in his knees.  The chains dragged across the dirt floor. 

"Aperio," said Severus, pointing his wand. The manacles fell open into the dirt. "Get up, Wolf," the dark man ordered briskly. "Put these on." 

Leather trews and a homespun shirt hit Remus in the face, then fell over his lap. Remus wondered if this was a rescue or merely a transfer of ownership. 

"Sev-" Remus began, but the other man's wand sliced through the air