bed. “No, it’s not fine! You could have gotten seriously injured!”

“Levi?” Eren’s voice came out soft, as he placed a trembling hand on top of Levi’s clenched fist. “I didn’t get seriously injured, so please stop blaming yourself.”

Clasping his other hand on top of Eren’s shaky one, he tightened his hold.

He didn’t want to lose him.
.
.
.
Not loosening his grip, Levi remained silent enjoying Eren’s company as they waited for their doctor to come.

After a good ten minutes the sliding doors of the patient room finally opened and a tall man walked in.

“Good morning.” He paused to look down at the small chart in his hands. “Eren. How are you today?”

“Good.”

A large smile presented itself on the man’s face. “That’s great!” He beamed as he jotted down a couple notes on the clip board. Once he finished he place the pen down and extended a hand towards Eren. “I’m Erwin, and I’ll be your personal physician.”

With a shaky arm he shook the blond man’s hand.

“How have your movements been lately?” Erwin asked again.

“It’s goo-” Eren began before he was rudely cut off by Levi.

“It got worse. He’s falling more often, and is dropping things more.”

Almost as if seeing Levi for the first time in the room, Erwin looked down at the shorter male and extended a warm smile. “And you are?”

“Levi.” He replied not bothering to return the courtesy.

Not bothered by the slightly cold attitude from the shorter male, Erwin motioned Eren to get off the bed. 

With help from Levi, Eren slowly stood up.

“Great, now Eren I want you to walk towards me.” He ordered as he motioned for Eren to come. 

Carefully pulling his arm out from Levi’s support, Eren slowly walked towards the taller blond male. Each step his feet wobbled as he tried to maintain his balance.

“Alright stop.” Erwin spoke up again once Eren was a meter away from him. “Now I want you to use your finger and touch your nose.”

Using Levi as support, Eren raised his free arm and extended it outwards before bringing it back towards his nose. His arm quivered as he brought it close to his face. Each time, his finger hitting his cheek or eye instead of the nose.

“Thank you.” Erwin gave him a small nod before motioning for him to return to the bed.

Jotting down a few more notes, he looked up at the pair. His earlier cheerful expression was now hardened. “Your condition will only continue to get worse. I highly suggest that you get admitted into the hospital.” Pausing he briefly glanced over at the slight look of disapproval on Levi’s face. “Here, I can help you prolong what little motor ability you have left.”

“Okay,” Eren quickly answered before Levi even had the chance to open his mouth. “If I’m in the hospital, that mean Levi can focus on his work right?” He gave a wide grin to the shorter male.

Opening his mouth to reply, he closed it again.

Even when that brat was the one with the disease, Eren was always looking out him.

Month 8

It’s been two months since Eren was first admitted into the hospital, and every day Levi would rush there after work. 

On several occasions he would bring dinner for the two of them. While the hospital wasn’t the most romantic place to have a ‘date’ they made do with what they had. After all, beggars can’t be choosers.

Looking up from the empty bento box, a sly look crossed Eren’s face. “Hey, Levi?”

“Hm?”

“Since my movement abilities will probably diminish in the future, can you take me for a stroll around the hospital?”

Closing the lid on his own bento, he looked up at the brunet. “Are you even allowed to?”

Shrugging, Eren pouted and shakily grabbed Levi’s hand. “Come on, please.”

“Fine.” Levi sighed, as he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Just one lap.”
.
.
.
With Levi right be Eren’s side supporting him they walked a good half way around the hospital.

“Erwin says I’m doing much better!” Eren exclaimed excitedly as they took a small rest. “Wanna see?”

Seeing the excited and eager look on his face, Levi hesitantly let go.

A decision he came to regret not too long after.

He didn’t know what was happening, everything was going fine. Eren was walking (shakily) on his own. They were talking...everything was good.

Then the next minute later, he was watching Eren tumble down the staircase. He didn’t know what happened. Maybe he lost footing? Maybe he got dizzy? 

He didn’t know.

Stunned, he watched in horror as Eren rolled down the steps