Mary dropped the blanket with a theatrical gasp.  “Peek-a-boo!  I see you!”

Rosie gurgled, flailing one tiny fist.  John was drawn into the room like the proverbial moth to the flame.  “Hello, darling.”  

Mary looked at him over her shoulder.  Her cheeks were pink and she was smiling.  “Hi.”

John cleared his throat, pushed past the emotion that had gripped him.  “Hey.  Got more nappies, and, oh, that cream you mentioned…”

Mary chuckled and tucked the pink blanket around the Rosie’s squirming form.  “Thanks.  It’s a godsend for the stretch marks.  Can you believe it, a whole month and I still don’t feel normal?  Everyone told me having a baby would change my body, and I thought they could all go hang.  I’ll be damned if they were right.”

John huffed noncommittally as he crossed the room to stand by her side.  Peering down at his daughter, he was unable to fight back the new wave of emotion gathering, slamming into him.  Rosie’s features were crumpled as if in discomfort.  She coughed and wrestled against the blanket.  

“All right?” he asked Mary.  “Is she coming down with a little cold?”

“I don’t think so,” said Mary.  Her fingers darted across the blanket’s downy edge.  “Might be this.  It’s starting to pill – see?  We should get her a new one.”

John nodded and tacked “new blankie” onto the ever-growing list of Rosie’s needs.  He reached into the crib and offered Rosie his hand.  Her fingers wrapped around his forefinger, tiny but strong.  She dragged his hand toward her and John obliged with a chuckle.  

“Powerful, isn’t she.”  

“Yeah.”  Mary propped the heels of her hands against the crib and pushed back, working out a crick in her neck.  “God, John, I don’t think I’ll ever stop being exhausted.  It’s just… so much.”

“Yeah,” John said.  He couldn’t tear his gaze away from Rosie.  

“But…”  Mary’s hand fell upon his free one, fingers tightening around the back of his palm.  “Look at her.  Look at what we made.”

In that moment – held at once by Rosie and Mary – John wondered if they could make it work.  He wanted their marriage to work, wanted to make a happy home where Rosie could grow, always sheltered by her parents’ love.  He wanted to get back to the simplicity of before, when there had been no creeping around corners, when smiles and quips had been traded with ease.  The incredible, incandescent moments of sprinting through the lamp-lit streets, gun at his side, chasing—

A frown clouded John’s features.  In his mind, a voice both deep and petulant chastised him.  Wrong, wrong!

Mary shifted and drew near, her hand still grasping his.  She turned, silently bidding him to wind his arms around her.   

“John,” she murmured.  

Reluctantly, John tugged his finger away from Rosie and pivoted to open his arms to Mary.  She slid into the space with a sigh, pressing her nose against his neck.  John’s arms felt stiff, mechanical.  It was ridiculous – he had held her countless times.  They’d had sex countless times.  They were married.  Married with a baby.    

Mary’s lips moved against John’s neck and a jolt ran from the base of his feet to the top of his head.  “I want…”

A plaintive cry from the crib interrupted her.  John broke their embrace to stare into the cot.  Rosie’s brow was furrowed, mouth half-open on an indrawn breath.  John offered her his finger and she seized it, the looming tantrum abating.  

“Sorry, darling,” John said.  “There you are.  See?  Not the end of the world.”  Rosie grumbled and tugged on his finger.   

“You do so well with her,” Mary said.  They watched Rosie for a few moments before she spoke again.  “Oh, I forgot to mention – I was going to try picking up a half-shift this Saturday.  I asked Helen and she said it couldn’t hurt.  They’re understaffed and we could use the extra money.  Is that okay with you?”

“Helen,” John said.  The head nurse at their clinic was notorious for bending rules.  Bureaucratic nonsense, she called them.

Mary nodded.  “I think I could manage it, and you have that day off.  I checked.”


The doctor’s wife must be a little bit bored by now.


Sherlock, prone on the floor of Magnussen’s flat.  Unresponsive.  A bright, red stain blooming on his shirtfront.  How many times had Mary said she was doing one thing - work, seeing friends, staying home when John went out - and done something despicable instead?  How many people had she hurt while John stood blindly by?  

“Rosie and I can keep each other company for