into matching grins. “This.” Nishinoya said, holding up the mp3 player like he was auditioning for a role in The Lion King. “Is not just any mp3 player.”

The pair allowed the silence to linger for a moment, building the suspense. It seemed like entire eons had passed, waiting for the grand reveal.

Tanaka had just opened his mouth to finally reveal the secret, when the clubroom door opened and Sugawara entered the room. “Oh.” He said, looking up from where he was taking off his shoes to see his four underclassman in an admittedly normal position. He blinked, a wrinkle between his brows, before he dropped the bomb.

“Is that Tsukishima’s mp3 player?”

A moment of silence passed before Nishinoya and Tanaka let out matching groans, bemoaning the ruin of their grand reveal.

Sugawara smiled sheepishly before coming closer, taking the device from the floor where it had been dropped when the two jumped at each other in their grief. “Where’d you get Tsukishima’s mp3 player?”

Tanaka sniffled, pulling away from the hug. “Take-chan found it on the bus the other day. He gave it to us when we got to the gym since he didn’t know who it belonged to. It looks like it’s Tsukishima’s but we’re not sure.”

Sugawara hummed. “You didn’t check it to see?”

Nishinoya coughed. “We couldn’t figure out how to open it.” He said, almost proudly.

Sugawara laughed at that while Hinata and Kageyama came around to flank his sides, peering over to look at the blank screen. Sugawara pressed a little button on the corner which made it light up, powering on.

Tanaka and Nishinoya squawked indignantly but also came around to peer over Sugawara’s shoulders to get a glimpse of the screen. Sugawara shifted through menus, apparently familiar with the software set up, finally coming to a list of what appeared to be playlists.

“Well, I think you might be right. I can’t think of anyone else on our team who’d have a playlist titled ‘Yamaguchi must never know I downloaded his shitty pop music’. Can you?”

The four boys shook their heads. “These titles are weird.” Hinata said.

“What’s weird about them?” Kageyama asked.

“They’re so long.” Hinata drawled in response. “Like this one ‘Sometimes I can’t tell if I downloaded these songs ironically or not’. What does that even mean?”

“How do you title your playlists, Shouyou?” Nishinoya asked, reaching forward to click on the playlist Hinata had pointed out, to find that it contained nothing but horribly sappy love songs. Well then.

“Emoticons.” Hinata answered, clicking on another playlist titled ‘Why Yamaguchi is no longer allowed to make me watch musicals’ and featuring the entire soundtrack from all three High School Musicals.

Kageyama snorted – at the playlist or Hinata he wasn’t actually sure.

“Tsukishima sure has a lot of playlists, though. It says here he has 2,711 songs on this thing.” Sugawara whistled. “That’s a lot.”

Tanaka and Nishinoya nodded in unison while Kageyama leaned forward slightly. “What’s in that playlist? ‘These goddamn crows, I swear’. What’s that all about?”

Sugawara hummed, clicking on the playlist. “You don’t think it’s about us, do you?”

Hinata leaned forwards and began reading off song titles. “Centuries, Titanium, Through the Fire and the Flames…” I think I’ve heard of these before.

“Oh!” Tanaka lurched forward, pointing at a song further down the list. “Bohemian Rhapsody! That’s the song we all sang in the showers at training camp. Damn, that was awesome.”

Sugawara glanced at him. “You mean the song that you all butchered in the showers.” He looked back at the song list, flipping through it. “Was Tsukishima in the showers during that?”

Kageyama nodded. “Yeah, he was in the stall next to mine complaining the whole time about how terrible you guys sounded.” He tilted his head. “Does that mean that this playlist is about us, after all?”

Sugawara opened his mouth to answer when the door burst open to reveal a somewhat disheveled Yamaguchi. “Please tell me I’m not late.” He rushed to say, bending over to hurriedly pull his shoes off. Shen he straightened, he looked around. “Um… Am I… early?”

Sugawara nodded, a smile blossoming on his face to replace his shock. “Yeah. Practice is still a while away. Where’s Tsukishima? You guys usually come to practice together.”

Yamaguchi took a deep breath and smiled shakily, moving to put his stuff away. “Tsukki got a really bad stomach ache from a new recipe his mom wanted to try. Tsukki’s mom isn’t really that good at new recipes. She gets the hang of them after a while and doesn’t try new things too often but her first tries are always awful.”