re just saying that ‘cause you wanna keep it,” Baekhyun murmurs. “For future use.”

“No I—fuck off, Baek, go to sleep,” says Kyungsoo, ears and cheeks bright red.

This... was not how it originally ended, idk how this happened honestly

Almost a fake dating AU, but also not one at all.

Inspired by #21 from this list.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

“Alright, come clean,” Kyungsoo says once he’s cornered Baekhyun in the kitchen. He crosses his arms sternly, leaning back against the kitchen counter and giving Baekhyun a look that says he won’t take any shit. “You aren’t really dating my sister, are you.”

Baekhyun laughs nervously. “What are you talking about? Of course I—”

“You didn’t look upset when you were put in separate rooms.” Kyungsoo holds up a finger. “You keep looking over at her and going to hold her hand or put your arm around her, like it’s something you have to remind yourself to do.” Another. “You sound awkward as hell when you use pet names—”

“Maybe I’m just awkward with affection,” says Baekhyun. “You don’t know.”

Kyungsoo’s eyes narrow. “My theory,” he says, “is that either your relationship is failing and you’ve fallen out of love with each other, or you were never dating to begin with. Either way, I know you’re hiding something. What I want to know is why.”

Baekhyun clucks his tongue. “You’re a really suspicious person, you know that? Maybe you should try to be more trusting. Might be happier in the long run.”

“Cut the crap, Baekhyun,” Kyungsoo says in a tone that implies if that’s even your real name.

“Look, this isn’t—you should be asking her about it, okay? It’s not my place to tell.”

There’s a stubbornness in the set of Kyungsoo’s jaw, like he doesn’t especially want to take Baekhyun’s suggestion but knows he should. He gives him the stink eye for another long second before saying, “Fine. But I’m not done with you.”

Baekhyun holds back a groan as Kyungsoo leaves the kitchen. He should never have agreed to this. Pretending to be someone’s boyfriend for the holidays so her family doesn’t find out she’s a lesbian is easier in theory than in practice. Especially when he’s known about her being gay for the entire time they’ve been friends, ensuring that he’s never thought of her in a romantic context.

And to make matters worse, her brother is distressingly good-looking, and there isn’t a single goddamn thing Baekhyun can do about it.

He can’t blame Kyungsoo for being as suspicious of Baekhyun as he is. Any good brother would be. And even though Kyungsoo looks about as sturdy as a piece of paper and would probably have trouble winning an arm wrestling match against a middle schooler, Baekhyun would not, under any circumstances, want to piss the guy off.

Figuring Kyungsoo had told him to stay put, Baekhyun rummages around in search of something to drink, ultimately settling on the leftover eggnog in the fridge. Mrs. Do went a little heavy on the rum, but that’s not necessarily a bad thing in Baekhyun’s opinion.

It takes a small eternity for Kyungsoo to return, at which point Baekhyun is pleasantly buzzed but still kind of miffed over having to wait so long. He raises his eyebrows at Kyungsoo, who looks surprisingly contrite.

“So?”

“Thanks,” Kyungsoo says. “I mean—for not telling me. And for helping her out. And sacrificing your Christmas and stuff.”

Baekhyun shrugs, says, “Eh, I didn’t have any plans anyway.” It’s not a lie. Kyungsoo’s sister isn’t the only one afraid of what their family thinks.

An awkward silence settles, neither of them even looking at each other. After a few too-long moments, Kyungsoo says, “To be honest, I was annoyed about you pretending to date her at first.” He pauses. “It felt like—like a waste, I guess.”

“Oh?” Baekhyun licks his lips. He feels his pulse picking up. “Why’s that?”

“Because—” Kyungsoo looks flustered, uncertain. “I wanted to kiss you from the moment you walked through the door. That’s probably not appropriate, but I’m—”

“I wouldn’t complain if you did,” Baekhyun says quickly, causing Kyungsoo to blush and stutter.

(I avoided ever giving his fictional sister a name--or even an age--because I didn't want to have to make one up or genderbend anyone or deal with OCs being a thing. She can be anyone. Use ur imagination, friends.)

AU. Baekhyun's got 99 problems, and a majority of them come from being short.