knows that any other person would consider this a creepy behavior, but he has always been fascinated about the villain and he tries to convince himself that this is all research material. It works most of the time.

His frustration only grows further as he keeps reading article after article, trying to find something that he might let slip through his eyes, a simple detail, but there's nothing he already don’t know. He drops the folder he's been holding for the past ten minutes and buries his face on his palms, letting a tired huff come out.

Zayn jumps to his feet abruptly, thinking about taking a break to have a piss and eat something, but his thoughts are quickly interrupted by a shock of pain when the top of his head hits the bottom of a lower shelf, the impact so strong that one of the boxes fly to the floor, scattering its contents everywhere.

"Shit," Zayn hisses to himself, immediately lifting his hand to rub at the swelling forming on his head. The pain makes his whole skull throb, and his vision goes blurry with tears when he looks down to the mess of notebooks and photographs all over the floor.

He quickly kneels in the middle of the closet and starts shoving everything inside of the box, the pain making him even more restless. Right now he only needs some painkillers, a bag of ice on his head and a good night of sleep. He's just putting an old chemistry notebook back into the box when he realizes another book lying open a couple of inches away from him.

It's an old high school yearbook, the pages filled with unknown faces smiling at him. Zayn honestly don't know why he kept this: the only thing he remembers from high school is the endless gymnastic classes he had to take in order to get a nice scholarship so he could go to uni, which is an unpleasant memory.

He takes the yearbook on his hands and starts to go through the pages, smiling down at the funny pictures and trying to find himself among all those strangers. He finds himself wondering where all these people are nowadays when his eyes fall over one face in particular. It's like his breath gets trapped in his lungs as he stares at the boy, his stomach fluttering wildly as he scans his features, from his brown hair to his tanned skin and blue eyes, a timid smile on his face.

It's the Joker.

But at the same time it's not the Joker. Zayn can spot the similarities but a lot has changed on him since that picture was taken. In the picture his hair is not so wild, looking like a mushroom instead, and there is a pair of glasses perched on his button nose. His skin looks much more tanned in the picture too, and Zayn doesn't even have to look at the picture because he remembers now.

Louis William Tomlinson, it's written under the picture.

"Shit," Zayn repeats, running his fingers through his hair and letting a ragged breath out, the tears now running freely through his cheeks.

Zayn remembers Louis Tomlinson: he was simply the brighter, most beautiful boy back in high school. Zayn was just sixteen at the time, one year younger than Louis, and maybe that's the reason why he never approached the boy to have a simple talk, never had the guts to just interact with him. Every time Zayn saw Louis on the hallways his eyes would stay glued on him until he walked away or turned around the far corner, always admiring his beauty, his confidence.

He was Zayn's first boy crush, the first wank he had over a boy.

But while Louis was bright and beautiful under his eyes, for others he was something far worse. Zayn can't remember why, the memories feeling blurry and dizzy, his pounding head being of no help, but he remembers how the other boys would tease Louis on the locker room, or how many times he watched Louis being pushed against his locker by other boys, bigger boys. Yet again Zayn was only sixteen, small at the time and not the most popular boy in school, so there was nothing he could do apart from watching. He was just an ordinary boy who spent too much time practicing gymnastics and reading books.

He would always walk away when Louis needed him the most.

The pounding on his head only grows as his brain process all the information going through. Louis, the sweet and scared boy he fancied all those years ago during high school, is now one of the most dangerous killers in Gotham. He lies down on a pile of dirty clothes on his dark closet, his eyes aching as the salty tears slip across his skin, and there's a tight feeling on his chest as images of Louis being pushed around, teased, bullied run through his eyes.

It’s kind of tragic to think about what he became, and it's funny how history repeated himself only a couple of days ago. Zayn remembers how small Louis looked through the glass of his cell as he walked away from him, leaving him behind with