robot is preoccupied with the vines that had wrapped itself around its cannon. But it would only be held off for so long. 

“Good job guys let's get out of here.” The day had been long and exhausting. As soon as they touch down on a safer viable planet to relocate the planet’s inhabitants. They’re swarmed with thanks and blessing. 

For the next couple of days they help rebuild which wasn’t too hard their society was based around hunting and gathering anyway.  Nobody really notices that the Blue Paladin pretends to sleep alone in his Lion at night. They do notice that some of the work they’d left for the next morning is near complete and they praise Voltron for their hard work and dedication.

When the rebuilding was done, they were back on the ship each paladin voicing that they were heading back to their own quarters too exhausted to socialize. All except Lance who stays with Blue for a little bit longer. “Hey Blue, thanks for putting up with me, I know it's hard.” Comfort and hurt breathes through their connection and he feels like he's being wrapped in a tight hug. Which pulls forth a teary laugh.  “Thanks Blue I needed that.”

The walk to his room is slow exhaustion and touch starvation would do that to him. It’s even slower when he sees that instead of their own rooms they'd gathered to sleep together. They hadn't even mentioned it to him..

*****

The beginning of their space-capades, Allura would raise the alarm testing their response time.These days, an alarm out of the blue wasn't unusual but it was still a shock. Which was why the Paladins were now in the control room in their pajamas all except for Lance who compared to the first run was in full Armor ready to go. “Allura what’s going on?” she raises an eyebrow at Shiro 

“ I should be asking you that. What happened yesterday was unacceptable after forming Voltron for so long why couldn't you now?”
None of them answered surreptitiously glancing at Lance who was standing tense. Allura noticed, she always did. “Lance what did you do” 

He looked up at her shocked “Me?” 

“I mean it’s obvious everyone’s looking at you what did you do?’ His heart sunk he was trying so hard to be good.
“I didn’t do anything I’ve been good…” His voice breaks and he quickly glances at Keith who isn’t giving him any confirmation that he has been. Pidge and Hunk fidget 

“He didn’t do anything Princess, he’s been good ol’ Lance. If anything it's  Keith.” Keith gives the Yellow Paladin a sharp look. 

“Me? I’ve done nothing” Pidge rounds on him, all her pent up frustration finally exploding  “That's exactly it you’ve done nothing. And as much as you want to deny it Keith we’re a pack and what you did what you did was super fucked.”
Lance looks panicked “Wait stop, don’t fight!” He's not heard the argument already escalating  

“As if you two are any better you took apart his burrow.”  This is news to Lance and he jerks the whole world stuttering to a halt.  

 They really didn't want him here did they? All this time he's been trying to help trying to get things back to the way it was, was useless. He could laugh but that would just make him cry. He settles for an uneasy chuckle which is much more jarring than anything else he could have done. 

“We need our blankets back Lance sorry we didn't tell you.”  He shakes his head and grins the fakest grin you could imagine even a baby could see that.
“No sweat guys I shouldn’t have taken them in the first place.” He looks at the princess an odd glint in his eye. “I’m sorry It is my fault, I’ll work harder I promise next fight we’ll form Voltron.”  She doesn’t look convinced maybe even more confused than she was when the fight started. “Now if you don't mind, I’m going to catch up on my beauty sleep. You don’t get sexiest man of the year by wasting your beauty sleep”  And he's walking out as cocky as only Lance could pull off. 

He doesn't get far until bad thoughts start coming because what they said, it's not true they're a team, a family, they don't believe that right? Any positive thoughts is quickly drowned out by age old instincts. They tell him to flee ‘there’s nobody here to protect you when you’re vulnerable,’ Flee ‘Get to higher grounds before another storm comes’. 

Hes paranoid now jumping at every creak of the ship, every shadow.Trying  to convince himself that no, this is just straight up dormant instincts ones that shouldn’t be as present as they are now. Packs were a thing of the past right