. Perfectly still, perfectly clean, perfectly untouched yet perfectly drained of blood. Stiles figures out the pattern. Every 50 years, always twins, always the same clearing in the woods.

Scott finds the scent. Cora tracks it down. Derek makes the plan. Isaac baits the trap. Allison lies in wait. Peter smirks and keeps to the sidelines, saying nothing, arms folded as if he knows something. Maybe he does.

Everyone holds their breath.

And this is what they do. Over and over and over again.

*

Never tell a girl you’ve kissed that you think you’re in love with her brother. Or her fiery-haired best friend. Or the tall, quiet one with eyes like Christmas. Or, somehow, all three. It never goes well.

*

Winter becomes summer, because no one remembers spring. Summer lasts and lasts, until it doesn’t, until people die again. Strange people, other people, and one of theirs.

They would all have died to save her, to save the surly almost-stranger they’ve come to love, and none of them could, in the end. She just died. Like it all meant nothing.

No one talks about it. No one talks about her. Especially not Stiles.

They bury her by her sister, wrapped in wolfsbane, spiral more symbol than promise. What is there to avenge? Sometimes people just die.

*

More bodies, more patterns, more plans. More lies, more blood, more hurried kisses in the deep, dark woods, where no one can see – but everyone can smell. They’re werewolves after all, and Stiles should know better by now, but he can’t bring himself to care.

He was wrong, anyways. Those eyes, they aren’t like Christmas, they’re like New Year’s Eve. All he wanted was fireworks. He didn’t know how bitter champagne could be, how sharp the frost could bite.

Everyone remembers spring this time. When Isaac leaves in March, he doesn't come back.

*

And on it goes.

Fewer lies now, because more people know. Too many bodies, too few patterns lining up for the Sheriff to ignore. Of course, Stiles knows what the patterns are, and he tells him about them. The Sheriff isn’t stupid, it’s just that nothing in Beacon Hills makes sense without the full moon, without Archaic Latin, without Druids and hunters and the misty edge of magic that lives in the woods beyond the old Hale property.

The Sheriff doesn’t care anymore. He just wants to leave. Stiles doesn’t know how. The people he loves are here. Some of them. A few of them. Those who are left.

When Scott follows Allison to college somewhere out east, there are fewer.

Stiles goes to Berkeley, comes back when he can. He’s not sure why, at first, especially after Lydia flees the haunted hills for the comforts of ancient Oxford and London visits with Jackson. He’s sure, though, that her leaving should have mattered to him more.

Still, he comes back. After another year or two, no one else does. Peter, full of things he knows and won’t say, faded away a long time ago. Stiles doesn’t know where. If Derek does, he doesn’t say.

Stiles is fine with that. By then they both know: it's better with just two.

*

They don’t do much saving anymore. Without a pack presence, evil things don’t find their way to Beacon Hills as much. Or, maybe the runes Lydia left – the ones placed with words and blood and glowing white eyes – maybe they’re doing some good, turning things back at the borders. They know what lurks in the vastness of the woods, far beyond the town lights, but they stick to the Hale section, the top end of the valley and the ridges beyond, and their territory is respected. Derek runs on the full moon, and, when Stiles can be there, he runs too. It’s not pack, but it’s something.

About a year after Lydia leaves, when Stiles comes to stay, he stays in Derek’s room. It was inevitable, really.

Sometimes, when they move together in the moonlight, the house creaking around them, burnt and warped and rotten, Stiles wonders why. Did he always know, somehow?

Derek doesn’t wonder. He just holds on.

*

Stiles always picks and leaves fresh flowers for Cora, every visit. Derek never comes, but her room stays exactly as it was. Sometimes he opens her window to air it out a bit, to let the cold, clean air waft through the way she liked. She loved fresh air from their woods, after so many years away. It settled her down, she said. Made her believe she was really here, at home. Helped her hold onto her anchor. Derek never asked what that was.