sensible, serious Chun-Yan, went along with Alfred's schemes. She converted what Alfred called his "vision thing" into actual plans with numbers and logistics. She claimed that Alfred helped her on the calculations, but Arthur found that exceedingly hard to believe. The young King couldn't tell a dessert fork from a salad fork, how could he possibly be better at math than Arthur? How could he be better at anything?

The worst part was how Alfred now ignored everything Arthur said. The young man had gone from hanging onto Arthur's every word to ignoring Arthur whenever he opened his mouth. He'd say, "Oh, don't listen to old man cranky pants," and the other nobles had the gall to laugh.

The absolute last straw came when Arthur saw Alfred at the Castle's New Year's celebration chatting happily with Stuart, Gavan, and Francis, Arthur's personal nightmare trio. Alfred had even allowed Francis to sling his arm over Alfred's shoulders and whisper what were most likely dirty comments into his ears. The trio glanced over at Arthur, Francis made a comment, and then they all laughed.

Arthur flushed hot then cold. He walked over to confront his personal bêtes noires. Normally Arthur refused to even think in the language of Diamonds, but he found this phrase perfectly encapsulated his feelings towards Francis and his older brothers.

"Oh hey, Arthur, we were just talking about you," said Alfred cheerfully as Arthur approached their little clique. The other three snickered, telling Arthur all he needed to know about what they had been saying.

"Yes, I noticed," Arthur retorted dryly. He wasn't going to give his brothers the satisfaction of seeing how much this annoyed him.

"Is it true that you've navigated the Windward Passage?" Alfred asked. "These three keep talking about it like it's something special."

Arthur scowled, trying to determine if the blond idiot had any idea what he was asking. Knowing Alfred, probably not.

"Oh yes, he's done it many times," Francis interjected. "But then, it's not terribly hard when you're piloting such a miniscule vessel."

"I believe that's your personal experience, not mine, Francis." Arthur was not going to let the King of Diamonds insult him so easily.

Alfred still looked confused. "So where is it? I don't remember it in any of my geography lessons."

"Oh, I think you could probably find it with both hands and a map," said Gavan in a sing-song voice. All three began to laugh again, clearly deriving great amusement from Alfred's innocence and naiveté.

"I bet Arthur would be willing tae help if you asked," said Stuart with a malicious grin.

"I would be quite pleased to render my personal assistance in the matter as well," Francis purred.

"Like hell you will!" Arthur shouted, drawing the startled glances of the people standing nearby. Arthur flushed, cursing his quick temper from getting the best of him. "Alfred, I need to talk with you," he said, dragging the king away from Francis and into the hallway. Arthur didn't stop walking until they reached a small alcove suited for a private discussion.

They stood uncomfortably close, the sounds of the party just a quiet murmur of background noise.

"What is Francis even doing here?" Arthur asked, exasperated that the bane of his existence had appeared in Spades without any warning.

"Stuart and Gavan thought it would be a good idea to invite him to the New Year's celebrations in Spades. Diamonds is our closest ally and it's good to maintain relations."

Arthur bit his tongue to prevent himself from making a snarky comment about the sort of relations the King of Diamonds wanted to maintain. Instead, he focused on the part about his brothers. "So you've been turning to my brothers for advice?" He growled out the word 'brothers.'

"Yeah, I have," said Alfred defiantly. "They're not that bad. They just like teasing you. If you weren't so uptight all the time, you'd see that."

"My brothers are and remain complete arseholes. End of discussion. Why didn't you think to ask me about inviting Francis?"

"Gee, Arthur, maybe because I already knew you were gonna say no. That's all you ever say, no to this, no to that. Don't you do anything but criticize?" Alfred complained. "I know you don't like Francis, but now that I've gotten to know him, he's actually pretty nice. Did you know his country has had trouble with rebellions lately? I think there's a lot I can learn from him," Alfred said earnestly.

"I don't think Francis is interested in teaching you about politics," Arthur muttered darkly. "He wants hands-on lessons of a different sort."

Alfred crossed his arms, looking annoyed. "Honesty, Arthur, you're not