enough to let Liam through. The twenty or so men with cameras tried to push in after, but Zayn held his ground and pushed back. Things were being shouted by the men that Zayn couldn’t make out and the flashes were unrelenting as they still tried to get into the shop.

“We’re closed, fellas. You can leave or I can call the cops for trespassing,” he yelled. Most of them didn't move but Zayn managed to clear the doorway just enough to get the door shut and locked once more.

There wasn’t much Zayn could do as flashes continued to light up the shop, but he started pulling down the sunscreens above all of the windows to at least limit the visibility of the cameras outside.

“Thank you,” Liam said looking down to the name tag on Zayn’s apron. “Zayn, is it? I’m Liam,” he said reaching out a hand to shake Zayn’s. “I’m sorry if I’m keeping you, I know you’re closed. I didn’t think I’d end up with a dead phone and twenty paps following me when I popped out for some fresh air.”

“No problem, mate. That was mad,” Zayn said. “You need to borrow a phone to call someone?” he asked as he picked up his off the counter and handed it over.

“Yeah, cheers,” Liam said as he took the phone and found a seat next to the counter and called someone. Zayn gave him his space and made his way to the back side of the counter to clean up for the night. He had already taken the trash out earlier, but his little spill had created a fair amount of waste so he took the bag out of the bin before tying it off and dropping it by the back door.

When he came back to the counter, Liam was just wrapping up his phone call. “Thanks again. They should be here in half an hour. I appreciate you letting me hide out in here. I’m sure you’re wanting to get the hell out of here, but it’s nice to meet you, Zayn.”

“No, it’s no problem. I was going to be here for a little longer anyway. Now you can just keep me company while I clean this place,” Zayn said with a wink. It might have been a small fib, but he didn’t want Liam to feel bad about keeping him there anymore. “Would you like a drink? Something to warm you up? I know it’s freezing out there.”

“No thank you,” Liam said.

“Are you sure? I’m gonna make something for myself to keep me warm on my walk home anyway, so it’s not like it’ll be an inconvenience, ” Zayn told him.

“Okay then, I’ll have whatever you’re having,” Liam said as Zayn started up the machines he needed to make a couple of hot chocolates. “Love your phone case by the way,” Liam told him  picking the phone back up to display the Batman case that covered it.

“Thanks, I made it myself,” Zayn said pulling out the ingredients he needed.

“You made it?” Liam asked. “That’s amazing.”

Zayn laughed, “It’s just a little hobby I have. All my friends have the pleasure of getting custom phone cases whenever I get too bored.”

Zayn made quick work of the drinks and slid one over to Liam who pulled out his wallet.

“That’s no good,” he said as he poured his drink into a cup that he hopefully wouldn’t knock over this time. “It’s on the house.”

“You can’t give this to me for free. I owe you as it is,” Liam said.

“No, really, I can’t take your money. Put my till in the safe already,” he said tilting his head towards the office he had been in earlier. “Couldn’t charge you even if I wanted to.”

Liam took a sip of the drink in front of him, moaning into the warmth the drink offered him. “I know I’ve only known you for ten minutes, but I want you to know that I fully intend to marry you someday,” Liam told him.

Zayn laughed putting up everything he’d gotten out to make their drinks, “Is that so?”

“Definitely,” Liam nodded with a straight face. “Just thought I’d make my intentions perfectly clear. You make the best hot chocolate I’ve ever tasted and you’re into Batman,” he smiled. “My kind of man.”

“Did I add my secret love potion by mistake? I knew I should have labeled it better,” Zayn joked as he cleaned up the machines he used. He was making sure the shop was in top condition for the night when there was a knock on the door.

“That’s my team,” Liam said looking over to the man standing just outside the door