perhaps someone with excellent night vision. "I think I have to leave-"

"Nonsense!" She heard a sickeningly sweet voice coo from across the room. "You have to stay, it'll be no fun without you!"

And, if that wasn't the final nail in her coffin, the fact that that same sickeningly sweet voice belonged to Chloé, the girl she had roasted not even a full ten minutes ago surely did the trick.

"But, I-"

"Is everyone here?" Chloé called in a commanding voice before swishing her hand out in front of a candle, barely visible. "Sabrina, shut the door. This game could take a while…"

The final crack of reddish light from the party was snuffed out by the sound of the door clicking shut. No turning back now. It appeared her only safe way out was winning the party game. And Marinette could safely bet that the odds weren't exactly going to be stacked in her favor.

"Now. We are going to play a nice, fun game." Chloé began menacingly. Marinette could hear the sound of her heels clicking against the hardwood floor and sucked in a breath when the sounds became unbearably close.

Something made a clinking sound and suddenly a candle was placed in the center of the room, revealing the dimly lit circle of costumed kids whom she couldn't recognize – not very clearly, at least.

Chloé took a step towards the center and was illuminated by the candle, flaunting her perfect skin like a glowing lantern in the night sky. She leaned over, careful to give everyone a view of her lovely long legs, before placing a medium sized brown bottle in the center of the room.

Marinette may have been a newbie to party games – but she'd seen enough Disney movies to know that this wasn't going to end well.

"I hope you're all ready to have a little fun….you know, let loose a little bit…" Chloé taunted, as if she had a dirty secret on each and every single person in the room.

"…Now who wants to go first?" Chloé swung around and there was a collective murmuring, the accusatory manicured finger of Chloé like an omen of death.

Marinette quickly ducked her head, not wanting to further herself as public enemy number one. She cursed herself for being so stupid – her naivety had led her down a path of glass shards, and she was dumb enough to wear no shoes.

"What about you, ladybug?" Chloé asked sweetly, the sugary candy-cane tone of voice making Marinette want to instantly throw herself out the nearest window.

"Ummm…I'm not sur-"

"Great!" She sang, pointing Marinette in the direction of the bottle (which now seemed as attractive as an island full of saltwater crocodiles) and smiling sinister-ly.

"There's no hard feelings about what happened earlier, right?" Chloé asked with a pout. Marinette blinked. First of all, it was near impossible to take her seriously with her eye makeup so intensely caked on, it made Marinette's own nearly naked eyes want to break out into a rash. Secondly, Chloé practically made it seem like their argument had been won by herself, which was wrong in every way you looked at it.

"Um…right. No hard feelings." She repeated tonelessly.

"Excellent." Chloé seethed. "Now, the first game we're going to play is Seven Minutes in Heaven."

Oh god. Marinette's eyes practically popped out of her skull like yo-yo's.

She knew of the game – it was more of an urban legend than anything. Spend seven minutes locked in a closet with a random person – seven minutes, no consequences, and all suggestive innuendos implied.

Not a game she was comfortable playing with a roomful of nameless faces.

"I'd actually rather not-"

Marinette sensed the uncomfortable atmosphere and knew that everyone else in the room had been roped in by Chloé just as she had been.

"Go ahead ladybug," Chloé encouraged, using the name mockingly and promptly ignoring her earlier protest.

There were a few unconscious beats of silence as Marinette struggled with her narrow options. Run? No…too embarrassing, and her legs were frozen. Scream for help? Who would even hear her.

No. She'd just have to be brave.

She testily held her hand out to touch the bottle, and wasn't shocked that it was icy to her fingertips. All in one breath, she leaned out and pushed the bottle so it swung around, like a round of Russian roulette, would she win? Or lose tragically like the failure that she was.

She felt the urge to cover her eyes. This was the last thing she wanted. She desperately wished that Alya or one of her other friends would kick down the door and help her escape, but the bottle still spun, and the door stood silent.

Marinette drew herself backwards, wishing she could simply fade into the shadows and disappear forever. The bottle slowly drew to a stop as it pointed opposite to her, choosing her