a little scream of shock.

“Ah!” she started, and Lena laughed, before teasingly wagging her finger at the blonde.

“Alright, doc? Whatcha thinkin’ about?”

“N-none of your business!” she replied, utterly amused and embarrassed all at once by herself, and opened the door. “Come on. I’ll have no teasing today, thank you.”

“Aww, but you made it so easy just then!”

Angela laughed to herself, and allowed Lena in.

The two talked, briefly, about work, about their partners, about things that come and go in passing pleasantries; Lena remarking about how sweet Angela looked in love, and Angela said the same. She had examined Lena’s heart rate briefly, and her blood pressure; before Lena noticed her caduceus stick in the corner, placed idly on a silver table.

She couldn’t remember the things she said if she tried, that initiated such conversation. But she remembered it being one where Angela cried.

Lena remembered, however, that she had asked the all-important question;

“How would you cope?”

And Angela simply replied with,

“I wouldn’t.”

 

She told Lena of a story that almost killed her emotionally, and at the time, did kill Fareeha. Angela rarely had to use her resurrection feature of her caduceus, but this time, she did, and it was for the one person she did not want to ever have to use it for.

Fareeha had been protecting Angela at the time, which only made matters worse. She had begun flying up high to avoid a stray rocket heading Angela’s way at Volskaya; and instead, did not anticipate one approaching over the rooftops, and was hit, full force to the stomach. Her armour had blown up, sharp shards stuck in her skin, and her helmet cracked as she was ripped down to the ground by gravity; Angela internally screaming, and the tears pouring down her face as she speechlessly fell to the ground.

Reinhardt and other members of her team could see how deathly white she had gone, and how utterly dizzy she felt, holding her bleeding lover in her arms, and unsure if the resurrection feature would even work; and when the golden, beautiful light engulfed Fareeha’s body, Angela clamped her hands to her mouth in disbelief; watching as the light began shimmering upwards through her wounds, repairing all damages to her physically, and bringing her back with a fierce splutter of air and a scream.

Fareeha shot bolt upright; looking at Angela, who was completely besides herself, full of blame and guilt and horror, and who finally allowed herself to finally break into hysterical cries.

Fareeha held her, shaking, as Reinhardt shielded them both from any further blasts; and Angela said that all she could remember of that day, was Fareeha telling her that other members of the team were making arrangements for them to retreat.

Lena fell silent, after hearing that story; the story of someone so accomplished, so medically professional and so confident just…crumbling into a million pieces, just like that.

Love was terrifying, Lena thought, as well as the most blissful thing on earth. She remarked, as Angela brushed away the tears of her trauma, how wonderful it was that she was able to save Fareeha’s life. Angela smiled, and nodded happily in agreement; it truly was a miracle.

Lena was dragged from her memories back to reality, and let out another sigh, this time in melancholy worry, and shuffled a little in her bed; engulfed in so many feelings as the morning began to poke out even more through her curtains. She moved her face ever so slightly against Amélie’s bare shoulder, and her lips dragged against her skin idly; unexpectedly bringing out a hitched breath from Amélie’s sleeping throat.

She felt the twinge of lust hit her lower abdomen. Lena thought back to the events before they had gone to bed, and just what had led them there after such a full day’s work; falling back through Lena’s door, Amélie’s hand swiping around behind her during their kisses in an attempt to shut it; and Lena’s hands slipping themselves up into Amélie’s hair, moaning into their kisses. God, she just couldn’t get enough, and everyone knew it.

Amélie would pull Lena into her embrace, kissing her with flicks of her tongue against her bottom lip, and Lena would be helpless under her touch. Who wouldn’t be? She thought to herself, and every night was utter bliss.

Lena had asked Amélie, months before they had more or less moved in together, about Gérard; the night after their first kiss, and the night that guilt was eating her alive. Amélie laughed, almost as though she didn’t even know who Gérard was, and moved her hand dismissively.

“That’s not ever something you have to worry about, Chérie.” Amélie had said to her the next morning, amidst sneaking into an office. Lena was stood between Amélie’s legs, wrapped around her waist, and her hands on Amélie