THIS LONG IS A TESTAMENT TO THAT.CG: I MEANCG: WHATEVER, FUCK IT, YEAH I'M A LOWBLOOD. CONSIDER THAT LITTLE TIDBIT YOUR GRADUATION GIFT I GUESS.CG: BUT WHAT IS MY HUE????????? THE UNIVERSE MAY NEVER KNOW THIS MYSTERY OF MYSTERIES.CG: TANGENT. ANYWAYS.CG: FUCK I LOST MY THUNDERCG: UHCG: DON'T DIECG: BECAUSE THERE IS NO WAY I'M BECOMING GRAND THRESHECUTIONER UNLESS YOU'RE IN CHARGE. LET'S FACE THE MUSIC.CG: KNOCK HER FOOTGLOVES OFF, PRINCESS.CG: YOU'RE GONNA DO GREAT.

Was it a little sad that Karkat's little rant was one of the nicest things you've ever heard? Yeah, it was, but you didn't care. It was sweet. He was sweet. It made you sad to think that you may never see him again.

The two of you talked for a little bit and you opened up to him in a way that you never had to anyone (aside from Eridan) before, and he was just so kind and understanding and amazing about it that you couldn't help but fall in love with him a little bit. Okay, that's an exaggeration, but you definitely remembered him as one of the sweetest trolls you've known. And you're gonna miss him.

He had given you the courage to fight. And for that, you're always going to be indebted to him.

The day passed. The curtains rose. An escort waited patiently for the Heiress to prepare.

Your name is Feferi Peixes. And soon you'll be fighting to keep your life.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Not all adults left Alternia after the Summoner's Rebellion.

It would've been impossible to do that. Alternia was the home planet, the capital, the center of the Troll universe. While it's forbidden for a troll to reclaim it as their home, it is still visited with express permission from the royal court, under close surveilance of the royal guard.

Centuries had gone into the creation of the Capital City. No one could leave this monument of power and progress in the hands of a pack of wrigglers.

Not only that, but there had to be some place that Ascending children could go to for deportation. The Capital City is occupied mostly by military recruiters and employers and slave traders hoping to net young adults and set them in their career - but in the case of slavery and military recruitment, trolls of any hue lower than indigo are hardly ever given a choice.

There, in the center of the Capital City, lies the Royal Palace. It is just as beautiful a monolith as it is fear-inspiring. Every troll knows that for each brick placed in the walls, a troll broke their back and shed their blood to create it. And for sweeps and sweeps, the palace lays empty and those lives are lost for nothing.

Most lives are lost for nothing in your species.

Before boarding the ships to leave the planet, every troll visits the palace - no one is allowed beyond the gates, but each troll must read aloud the engraving upon a statue set before the entrance. A statue of the current reigning queen, set atop a throne made of the skulls of every Empress before her. The engraving reads:

	Death to the weak
Torture to the trecherous
Shame to the meek
Glory to the victorious

That is the creed of the Alternian. Every troll, from rust to royalty, is expected to keep those words in mind to the day they die. The mantra is carved into every pillar, every text book, and every moment of history.

And you hate it.

-

You arrive in the Capital at the hour where the sun is low enough in the sky that its rays aren't harmful anymore. The royal guard stands at attention on every corner, and you are met with piercing, cold gazes from each of them. It's as if you're being tested before you've even challenged the Empress. At each side of you stands a Threshecutioner, sent to make sure that you don't try to run. As if you'd ever be stupid enough to try - you know what happens to trolls who run from deportation

No. If you're going to die, it's going to be done with all the dignity expected of an Empress.

Your arrival will spark a week-long celebration in honor of your challenge. The hatching of an Heiress is seen to be a sign of good fortune, but to expect you to ascend is an act of treason against the Empress. You're a little sad you won't be able to enjoy the festivities with the rest of the city. The Empress won't even show up until the end of the week - it used to be that Heiress and Empress would celebrate together and talk and learn from one another, but that practice ended only a few cycles ago when an Heiress tried to cheat and poisoned the Empress to ensure victory. So you'll be left alone in the dark and empty