t a name.” Tsukishima crossed his arms over his chest, frowning deeply.

“Turoo. Turoo Keksurou. That’s what I used to be called, but then everyone just started calling me Cat.”

“How old are you?” Tsukishima paused. “Turoo.”

The boy in front of him raised a white eyebrow and giggled. “Twelve years old.” The tail flicked and the ears twitched again. “You wanna play?”

Tsukishima was going to answer when his Mother’s voice seemed to echo around him; Kei! Dinner!

The lilac walls cracked and then smashed, as if Tsukishima had smashed a mirror. The pieces fell down and Tsukishima screamed as they crashed around him. The boy, Turoo, The Cat, disappeared but the grin seemed to have burned itself into Tsukishima’s eyes because it was all he could see around him.

Suddenly, Tsukishima shot bolt upright, breathing heavily. He was in bed, his book on the floor, and he blinked. His door opened, and his brother was stood there. “Are you alright, Kei? You screamed.”

Tsukishima opened his mouth to tell his brother about the boy in the mirror, but he hesitated. “I must have fallen asleep.”

“Bad dream?”

“Mhm.”

Akiteru smiled brightly. “Come on; some dinner will make you feel better!”

Tsukishima nodded a little and got out of bed to follow his brother. As he passed his mirror, hanging on his closet door, Tsukishima hesitated. He reached out to touch it, but nothing happened.

As he left the room, Tsukishima could have sworn he heard someone say come out and play, Kei, come out and play.

 

 


Tsukishima was eleven years old when he woke up suddenly during the night. His bed felt too cold, and he had the overwhelming feeling that someone was watching him. He went to rub his eyes, but he found his glasses were on his face. Looking up, startled, Tsukishima found he was in the lilac room again.


The Cat was there – what was his name again? - but the was stood with another boy who looked to be the same age. His hair was spiky, like Cat’s, but the top of it was purple, where as the bottom of his hair was the same white as Cat’s. His face was pointed, and his eyes were piercing, deep black, and Tsukishima felt like he was staring deep into his soul.

“W-Who…?”

“WHO WHO.”

“Owl… Shut up.” Cat stepped forward. “Kei, this is Owl.”

“Owl...” Tsukishima blinked. “What’s your name? The one people used to call you like… like...” Tsukishima stared at Cat, his mind drawing a blank.

“Turoo. You’ll forget them every time you leave.” Cat’s grin was unnerving and Tsukishima shivered a little bit.

Owl made a sound Tsukishima could have sworn was a hoot and he stepped forward. “Kobuto.”

“Kobuto...” Tsukishima filed their names away in his mind for a later date and then slowly got out of bed, looking around. “I thought this place fell down when I was last here.”

“Nonsense, right?” Cat’s tail flicked to and fro in mid air, and his grin didn’t leave. “Things are like that around here.”

“Where is here?”

Cat and Owl glanced at each other. They both shrugged, and Cat stepped forward. “Kei, welcome to Occuli.”

 


The walls just melted away. Tskishima blinked at the loss of pale lilac, trying to take in all the colours surrounding him. There was so much red around him and he stepped back, his eyes assaulted at all the brightness. The grass under his feet was just… red. A dark red, that looked like the colour of Tsukishima’s knees when he fell over and they grazed and scabbed. He reached down to feel it. It was cold on his skin, crisp and wet like the grass in the morning. Tsukishima stood and looked up at the sky above him. It was a pale red, like the cherry blossoms that bloomed on the tree by the garden, but with more red hues. There was a large round orb in the sky, and Tsukishima wasn’t sure if it was the moon or the sun – because it was glowing purple. There were loads of little dots in the sky around it that were shimmering like stars, but they were green, and blue, and brown.

“It’s night time here at the moment. The sun will rise soon.”

Cat stepped out of the tree line and Tsukishima didn’t think to respond to him. His eyes were staring past him, at the trees. Oh the trees! The bark was a bright blue colour, and it was shimmering in the light available from the sky. The leaves were square, and they were a soft pink colour, like the colour of someone’s lips without lipstick. There were flowers that looked like daisies, except they were green. They also came up to Tsukishima’s hip.

“