and stomach-twisting nerves as you breathe through the panic and terror because, yeah, Dave is leaving you. He’s leaving, not just the apartment that you’re sharing with him, but everything else too. Rose and Jade both confirmed, telling you that he was just giving the relationship a dry run just to let you down easy “since you tried so hard this time, and all,” and you’re. Swerving through traffic to get home as soon as you can, because if you can just talk to Dave.

Fuck.

Fuck.

You can’t get hold of him at all. He doesn’t look at your messages. He doesn’t answer your calls.

You can’t talk to Dave.

(You can’t stop panicking.)

(Everything was fine, what did you do?)

You practically sprint up the stairs once you get to your apartment, and your hands shake so badly you can’t even get the key in the door, which is probably a good thing since it doesn’t turn out to be even locked, and you open the door to-

Laughter.

“Aw fuck, dude, ‘m just. Nah, so like, fuckin’, y’all’ll hear what happens and I’m gonna laugh so much an-” Dave blinks, then turns towards the door, and you, and smiles.

Fucking. Smiles.

Wide and big, the way he does. When he’s drunk.

You can see the drink mixers from where you are, and they only become more apparent as you come further inside the apartment, letting the door fall shut behind you.

“Oh shit,” you hear Jade say delightedly through the computer that Dave is sitting in front of. “Is he home? Hi, John!”

“Yes, hello, John!” Rose chimes in, laughter coloring her voice.

You can’t fucking breathe.

“Hey, babe,” Dave says, and he pushes himself upright with a minimal amount of stumbling. You carefully take out the box of nicotine patches that he asked you to pick up, look around the apartment. Bro is sprawled in the corner in a bean bag chair that he must have brought over himself, limbs spread everywhere, unidentifiable drink present in his hand. You think, past the stunning clarity of fury currently overtaking your mind, that you understand what happened here.

Dave comes closer, closer still, and when he reaches for you, you flinch away from it.

He stills.

“Whose idea was it,” you ask, cold, “to tell me that we were going to break up because, and I quote, “Dave decided that you weren’t worth the time and effort anymore, and he never actually got over you hurting him in the first place?””

Dave’s eyes widen.

“Oh shit,” Bro says from the chair.

You clench your hand tight and breathe slowly in. Slowly out. 

“John,” Dave tries, reaching for you again, and you allow it this time just for the pain in his voice alone, but you don’t allow him to pull you forward like he tries to. “John, it was a joke.”

You are shaking in place, legs trembling wildly as you try, so, so hard, to not just fucking lose it at all of them. What the fuck. “It wasn’t a very funny one.”

“Come on, lighten up,” Bro adds, and okay, fuck that.

You whirl on him, wrenching your arm out of Dave’s loose grasp, and you grab his drink, stalk over to the sink and dump it out. He makes some offended noise behind you and you just. “Get out.”

“What?”

“You heard me. Get. The fuck. Out of my apartment. Now.”

The girls, on the computer, are saying something, but it’s all getting garbled as they talk over each other, and you make your way there next, leaning into view of the camera. “Rose, Jade,” you say, as calmly as you can manage when you’re this fucking hurt, “I have no idea why the fuck you thought that was okay. I’m pissed as shit at you both, but I’m going to be angry at you later because from the looks of it, this was one really big long-distance drinking party, and I want you sober when I yell at you.”

You hang up on them without giving them the option to say goodbye.

Straightening, you turn to find Bro and Dave having a conversation in low voices, and you clear your throat loudly. Once you have their attention, you say, “I thought I told you to leave, Bro.”

Bro holds his hands up, gathers the last of his stuff and is almost out the door when you add, “Dave, I thought you were going with him.”

Dave turns towards you, clearly stunned.

It is a mean, mean part of you that adds, “After all, you’re leaving me, aren