was worthy of love, and even now he goes through days were he absolutely hates himself.  Who is he to judge anyone else's mental health?  Where does he get off telling me I need to get help?"

"I believe Dr. Banner was just trying to help, sir," JARVIS chipped in.  

Bruce had asked him to start monitoring Tony's alcohol intake more closely a few weeks ago, and based on the data he'd compiled, he was concerned too.  He knew sir liked to drink, but when the ounces of liquor and the number of minutes spent drinking were graphed and stored as hard data, it was difficult to ignore just how much he was drinking.

"Really?!?  Help?!?  How?  By having me go to some dump of a rundown building and drink bad coffee while I swap sad stories with a bunch of strangers?  Or by sobbing about my feelings with some shrink?" he shot back.

"Sir, the data shows that your alcohol consumption has increased practically exponentially since your returned from Malibu.  I am sure that any suggestions that Dr. Banner made were with your well-being in mind," the AI clarified.

"The data?" Tony questioned with an edge to his voice.  "What, are you working for Bruce now!?!  Does he have you tracking me like I'm a child?!?"

"Dr. Banner was concerned that your level of alcohol consumption had increase significantly and become unhealthy, so he asked me to verify or deny his concerns.  The data agrees with his assessment," JARVIS said levelly. 

"Does it?  Well, does the data say that the only time I don't feel an impending sense of doom is when I drink?!?  Does the data say that the only way I can relax is to have a couple of drinks?!?  That I haven't been able to sleep through a single night without some alcohol in my system?!?  It might not be ideal, but I'm managing.  So what if I have a few drinks?!?  At least I'm not having one big panic attack all the time!" Tony yelled.

"Respectfully, sir, that might be more reason to consider Dr. Banner's suggestion," the AI responded in his usual, measured tone.

"Mute!" he growled.  "Great, Dr. Holier-than-thou turned my AI against.  Gotta love when your own creation spies on you."

Bruce let Tony have the rest of the day to cool off.  He was planning to talk to him that evening, but when he found him, he was already drinking his way into a stupor.  He knew he wouldn't get anywhere while Tony was drunk, so he decided to wait until the next morning, hoping he could catch him before he started drinking, (though that was becoming harder and harder).

Trying to calm his mind enough to sleep, Bruce laid down in their bed and tried not to remember that the other side was vacant, like it had been most nights since Tony returned.


Footstep fell heavily across the floor, and he stilled like he was frozen, trying to keep his breathing even and silent.  He couldn't be found.  If he was . . . He tried to banish the thought of what would happen.



His legs were falling asleep from the prolonged amount of time he had spend in his crouched position.  It was starting to become painful.  Becoming desperate, he shifted slightly, but when he did he accidentally hit one of the legs of the couch.



Hearing the noise, he couldn't help but let out a small involuntary gasp, and soon he smelled vile whiskey-breath in his face.  He flinched, knowing he'd been found, and then he was being hauled out from his hiding place and lifted up by a rough hand at the back of his neck.



"Found you, monster," the voice hissed.  "Did you think you could hide, boy?"



"No sir," he said quietly, hoping to avoid further trouble.



A hand made contact with his face in a slap so hard it had him seeing white polka dots.



"Then why were you under the couch?!?"



He stayed silent.  He knew he couldn't say anything that wouldn't result in a beating.  Better not to try.



"Answer me, freak!"



He was punched in the stomach and then dropped to the floor.  A couple of sharp kicks were dealt to his ribs, and then he was hauled up by his shirt again.  The whiskey-breath filled his nostrils again, and he expected to see the raged-filled face of his father in front of him once more, only the face had changed.



In front of him now was a face with a stylized goatee and brown eyes that were normally soft and warm, but right now were hard and cold.



"You can't take care of yourself, what makes you think you have any right to try to 'help' me?  You didn't even listen to me when I needed you!  Where do you get off thinking you can tell me that I need help?!?  What do you know