flames highlighted and shadowed the snake-entwined pillars leading up to the statue of Slytherin. With the lake-water light, they looked as though they were writhing around the pillars—but perhaps they were; Harry did not want to get any closer to look. Neither, apparently, did Malfoy.

“Salazar,” said Malfoy, and Harry was not sure if it was an exclamation or an observation. And then a great shadow moved across the light source from the windows and when it was gone, eerie green light fell on a large, dark mass off to one side of Slytherin’s statue.

Malfoy looked away; Harry said, “I blinded it. The eyes won’t hurt you.” His voice was too loud; it echoed across the whole of the Chamber and reverberated back at them again and again, each time sounding more frightening, more sibilant than before.

“You blinded it?” Malfoy repeated dumbly, apparently too shocked to properly process it. “In second year?”

“Yeah,” Harry said. He nudged Malfoy in the ribs, gently. “The Cup will be over there, if it’s still here.”

Malfoy nodded sharply and slowly drew his broom into motion again. As they approached, it became clear that a Bubblehead charm wasn’t going to be needed. The basilisk was completely intact, preserved by the extreme temperature of the Chamber, and, perhaps, also Slytherin’s own magic.

“Basilisk parts are worth their weight in Philospher’s Stones—you could have matched the entirety of the Malfoy fortune harvesting a basilisk of this size...well, you could have before the New Ministry seized my father’s money.” Harry had read about that—and before that, he’d known about it from Draco telling him in a dream. His own inheritance had been spared, as had his mother’s dowry and the Manor itself—everything else had gone to reparations.

“Take some of it back then,” said Harry.

“No,” Malfoy said. “We came for the Cup, and it’s not as if I’m poor, even now.”

Harry rolled his eyes. “Then take some for Professor Snape. Maybe it’ll cheer him up.”

Malfoy quirked his lips. “I can’t imagine many things cheering Professor Snape up,” he said, “but if there’s anything that would, a basilisk is probably it.” Harry handed him a couple of small animal bones to transfigure into potion knives and vials, and then made his way nearer the statue, where the basilisk’s head was. The Cup sat to the other side of the massive head, cracked but otherwise intact. It looked old and sad now, as if all the magic had drained from it along with the horcrux.

He picked it up warily, but nothing tried to possess him, so that was a marked improvement.  Along the outer rim, it was engraved with medieval knot-work, and the handles were as prosaic as he remembered them. Malfoy came up next to him, startling Harry enough to make him jump.

“Okay there, Potter?” he asked. Hovering beside him was an expansive array of ingredient vials, all already labelled in Malfoy’s sharp, neat handwriting.

“This place just gives me the creeps,” Harry muttered. “But look—see, here, the Cup is engraved with Hufflepuff’s device. Do you really think the Holy Grail would have a badger on it?”

“No,” Malfoy said, rolling his eyes, “but I think it might’ve been magically altered so that no one would suspect it.”

Harry tucked it away in his robes and said, “All right, fine. Let’s just get out of here.”

Malfoy called his broom over and they jumped on, but instead of heading for the exit, he flew upwards. “Where are you going?” Harry asked.

“I want to see where that tunnel goes.”

“That’s where the basilisk came out,” Harry said, alarmed.

“And like you said, it’s dead.”

But the tunnel was dark and dank. It was warmer than the Chamber proper, and the smell of years-old animal corpses was too strong to ignore. Harry retched at the stench, not quite quick enough with his Bubblehead. It didn’t end at a basilisk nest, though. Further in, the tunnel became narrow and geometric with the evidence of human design. It ended at a door, wooden with heavy iron hinges.

Harry tried the handle, but it wouldn’t budge. He half-heartedly threw a couple unlocking spells at it, but in truth, he was wary of what might be hidden behind it. Another basilisk, maybe? Something even worse?

“Open,” said Malfoy. Harry nearly jumped out of his robes, already aiming his wand before him defensively and moving to stand in front of Malfoy before he even realized what he was doing. Malfoy pushed him aside as the door clicked open.

“I didn’t think that would work,” he said, obviously delighted that it had