his coach. He ripped the bag from Yuuri’s shoulders. Then Victor set it down like it weighed nothing. He then proceeded to rummage around whilst his student collapse on the floor and chest rapidly going up and down as he heaved for air. 

“Got it!”  Victor shouted. His hands swiftly pulling out Yuuri’s old black and blue swimmers. 

“How did you find that,” Yuuri asked lifting up his head, slightly scandalised. 

“Mari-chan, she found it,” Victor replied back in an excited voice. He used his free-hand to yank his student up. He shoved the trunks to Yuuri and told him to hurry up and get changed, using his thumb to point out a nearby changing room. 

Yuuri stumbled around to the changing room and quickly put on his swimming trunks. Then he opted to wear his T-shirt on top it. As Yuuri emerged from the ocean. His breath gasped at the sight before him. The ocean sapphire-blue, whilst it glimmered like a diamond from the fiery sun above. Yuuri could hear the waves crashing gently into the beach. He took a breath of salty air and then exhaled. When was the last time he actually sat and stared at the sea. 

“Common Yuuri race you to the beach.” Victor shouted, breaking Yuuri of his inner musings. The the tall Russian man sprinted, with his dog in tow.  Yuuri let out a hearty laugh then his competitive spirit kicked in. He raced after Victor, with his face scrunched up into a look of determination. He followed Victor and he could hear his coach laughing up ahead.  He kept running after Victor until eventually Yuuri overtook his coach. He kept  on running until he saw Victor just staring at him with a soft smile. 

“Victor?” Yuuri questioned, as he stopped on his tracks. “Are you ok?” Yuuri enquired with a frown. 

Victor shook his, indicating Yuuri not to worry. Then the Ice Skater put up his hands and placed feet in a familiar position. Then began to gracefully dance. 

“Yuuri look I’m dancing On Love: Eros,” Victor cried out happily. 

The student could only look up at his coach as he danced Yuuri’s Short Program. Victor had to modify it of course. But he did it with the grace only someone who had decades of experience in dance or figure skating can.  Tired of staring Yuuri couldn’t help but join in his coach. The two figure skaters danced together all the way to the beach. Laughing like children on their first time to the beach. 

The two skaters stripped off their outer clothes and into their swimmers. Victor wearing a black pair of trunks that somewhat resembled Yuuri’s. As Yuuri started to walk towards the sea, Victor shouted out after him. Yuuri looked back and saw Victor with his phone out. 

“I want to capture this moment,” Victor explained, pulling Yuuri into a quick hug and then took a quick photo. Then both men jumped into the ocean and swam around until it was well past noon, when their starved stomachs begged them to stop. 

Victor and Yuuri decided it was best if they took a quick shower before they eat lunch. They both walked to a nearby shower. Victor turned on of the nozzles and the water poured from showers, somewhat weakly. As they were taking their respective shower, Yuuri felt Victor’s fingers on his hair. Slowly caressing it. The younger skater looked up and he saw his coach with an affectionate smile. It seems like Victor wants to wash Yuuri’s hair. The student returned the favour. Noticing that despite spending hours in the ocean, Victor’s hair is still feather-soft.
               
The pair walked back up to the small shelter where they left their bag. Yuuri opened it up and picked up two bento boxes. Then handed one to Victor. Yuuri then opened his bento box and
he breathed in  the delectable and mouth watering smell of chicken nanban. Yuuri looked up at his coach, because this was definitely not competition approved food. 

“I know I said you can’t eat anything unhealthy until after you win but I’ll allow it just for today. Victor said with a wink. Then Russian man held up chopsticks with his right hand devoured his lunch. Yuuri followed his partner, not needed to be told twice. 

The two men ate with companionable silence. Yuuri’s mother packed Makkachin some dog food. However the dog finished it early and opted to go back and forth between Yuuri and Victor whining for food. 

“Yuuri do you want to swim in the ocean one last time?”, Victor asked after they finised, with a hopeful look in his voice.
Yuuri merely nodded, he wasn’t ready for this day to end. Victor and Yuuri both once again raced from the gazebo and into the sea. 

The student managed to just outrun his coach and he jumped into the ocean with a gleeful laugh. He kept running running until the water reached up is waist and it became necessary for him to swim. Victor wasn’t too far off from his student and he too bounced into the ocean.