to leave your mother, but Regina is more than capable of protecting her, and if you stay, you have me and David and—”

“That’s not why I’m going,” Henry interrupted. “I’m not going with Emma, I’m going with Grandpa. Rumplestiltskin, I mean.” He paused, gauging her already-shocked reaction. “I’m going to save my dad.”

Snow’s eyes widened even more; she stammered silently, shaking her head. “H-Henry,” she managed after a minute. “You—you can’t be—”

“I am,” he said flatly. “You can’t stop Emma, but you can’t stop me, either. I was desperate for a family my entire life, too, so I’m going to fight for whoever I’ve got.”

“But Rumplestiltskin? The Underworld? Henry, you’re thirteen years old—!”

“Fourteen. The same age you were when you ran away from home and started living as an outlaw.” Henry folded his arms, looking at her staunchly. “And I trust Rumple. Whatever he’s done to you, he’s only ever tried to protect me—if not for my sake, then for Neal’s. So if there’s anyone I’m going to trust to come with me to the Underworld to rescue him, it’s Rumple.”

Snow looked at him anxiously, biting her lip. He could almost see the hurricane of thoughts racing through her mind, trying to figure some way to talk him out of it. 

“Look…” she said finally. “I know what you’re going through. I-I lost both of my parents when I was young, and I would have done anything—”

“Good. Then you understand that, I’m not going to change my mind, no matter what you say.”

“Let me finish,” Snow said, holding up her hand. “I would have done anything, but using dark magic? Henry,you know magic always comes with a price—”

“And I’ve already paid it!” Henry shouted. “I’ve been paying the price of everyone else’s magic my entire life! Do you understand that? I didn't have any parents! All I had a mother who taught me everything I thought or felt was the result of some kind of mental illness! Regina’s curse, Emma’s destiny, your whole world—it cost me a normal life, it cost me a family, and you know something? I’m taking what I can get.”

With that, he turned on his heel, leaving her to stare after him as he started ripping random things off the shelf and shoving them in his backpack. Please leave, please leave, he thought, telepathically begging Snow to get out of the room. He didn't think he could take another lecture on hope or family or the price of magic, and that seemed to be where her mind was headed. 

He’d been through far too many disappointments and tragedies to have much belief left for hope. He’d seen life fail him too many times to truly think that holding onto the possibility of a happy ending was powerful enough to find one. Right now, he was operating on the basic knowledge that he didn't just want his father back: he needed him. The same way he knew when he was ten years old, hopping a bus to Boston, that he needed to find his birth mother. The same way he knew he needed to get her to believe. That need—that powerful, hungry, dominating need—drowned out whatever self-doubt and hopelessness the past few years had given him, but Snow’s inspiring words were meaningless. 

“Is there nothing I can say to change your mind?” Snow asked, but with a resigned sigh, as if she already knew the answer.

“Nothing.”

“It’s dangerous. And I know you think…” 

Henry turned with a frown as her voice trailed off. “Grandma?” he said, noticing the confused look on her face. “Grandma, what’s wrong?”

She raised her hand, pointing behind him. “What is that?” she said. “That little bit of light over there, what is it?”

“What light?” He looked over his shoulder, following her line of vision to a small pile of hoodies hanging off the door with a tiny beam of light peeking out rom underneath. “What the…?”

He swung the hoodies off in one swift motion, revealing the source of the light underneath: the dreamcatcher. Henry frowned, slowly picking up the netted wooden circle that had once held his memories from Camelot. A golden bead of light clung to the center, pulsing with the energy of…a memory?

But that didn't make any sense…Hadn’t he already had all his memories returned to him?

Not this one, apparently. Henry turned it over in his hands, marveling at it. “I don’t