.

Time ticked on and so consumed with his thoughts and art, Jefferson had failed to notice morning turn to dusk until a hand tapped his shoulder, and the brunet jumps as his head snaps towards the source of the touch. He’d hoped it was Alice, but unfortunately he wasn’t greeted by her kind green eyes, instead it was the man from behind the counter from yesterday.

“Hey man, I’m sorry to bother you but you’ve been sitting here and not ordering, and I know Hope usually takes your order but I’m guessing she’s taking today off again,” the man says apologetically, and suddenly the coil of trepidation in Jefferson’s stomach turns to that of dread instead.

“She’s doesn’t come in often?” The blue-eyed man asks, voice devoid of emotion as he slowly puts his notebook away.

“Yeah,” the waiter nods, shifting a bit uncomfortably as a thoughtful look appears on his face before sighing. “It may not be any of my business, but I think it has something to do with her boyfriend…the guy’s a real dick.”

“Boyfriend?”

Alice never mentioned she had a boyfriend…what does this mean for her and Jefferson? A part of the man wants to be angry with her for not sharing such crucial information, but the brunet knew even if she’d told him it wouldn’t have stopped everything that had transpired the previous night.

“Yeah, but I mean…like I said, it’s not my place to say,” the young man says with a shrug, pulling out his notepad. “Can I take your order?”

Jefferson shakes his head and moves to stand, “no thank you,” is all he says before briskly walking past the man and leaves the café, mind racing as to where he could possibly find Alice - only one place came to mind.

“This is my secret hiding place,” her voice echoes through the madness of his mind, and, as if it were automatic, Jefferson finds himself running towards the woods.

His legs ache by the time he reaches the spot by the river, cheeks flushed from the cold wind lashing at his face and lungs burning with need for rest as his chest heaves for air. Jefferson swallows as he tries to calm down, wincing every time as his throat feels dry and raw from the cold air he’d jaggedly been breathing. However, his mind is still racing, dread weighing him down like a sodden towel and Jefferson cannot understand why.

“Alice!” He bellows, frantic blue eyes searching for the young woman.

This makes no sense, he could not understand why he’d run here because it was very possible she was just sick, and yet no amount of sense could cleanse him of this terrible feeling.

‘You’re being crazy, again, Jefferson,’ the man scolds himself, clutching his head.

There’s no fathomable reason for Alice to be here, and yet-

“J-Jeffy?” A weak voice calls out, and Jefferson’s head snaps towards the sound.

From behind a three stump he sees a hand, pale as snow limp on the floor, rushing over the man gaps in shock and almost stumbles backwards. There, curled in on herself, is Alice beaten black and blue, dried blood crusting at the corner of her lip and on her cupid’s bow. Her once pale face was now marred by cuts and bruises from her temple down to her cheek bones and neck, Jefferson felt his anger flare, madness to find who had done this to her and kill them for harming someone so innocent. Dropping to his knees Jefferson cups her face with shaking hands, his breathing rapid but now with frantic fear.

“W-Who did this to you?!” He questions, harsher than he’d meant but Jefferson couldn’t help himself - someone had hurt Alice, his Alice.

“He was just…j-just angry, he knew I-I left last night…saw y-your name…” she mumbles out incoherently, before going limp against his hold.

“Alice!” Jefferson bellows, shifting to hold her against him. “Alice, wake up, please!”

She does not respond.

Jefferson feels his eyes burn with tears, jaw taut as the madness within him becomes almost untamable, but the need to protect Alice was greater and he moves to pick her up off the cold earth, holding her protectively against him and treks through the forest back to his home in sullen silence - it was the only way he could hear her breathing, albeit softly, but each shallow brush of air against his neck was reassuring.

The person that had done this…they’ll pay, and Jefferson would rather die than let them escape the justice they deserved.

Alice sat in her bedroom, waiting once again for the sun to go down before leaving to see Jefferson, the ‘Mad Hatter’ as everyone called the man…but to her he was just ‘Jeffy’, would always be her Jeffy. Alice hated her mother, hated her for hurting the kind