to the Commander and the Seeker. They were somewhere close, so that had to mean he’d survived the darkness. The room was unclear and seemed to be vaguely familiar.

“Don’t force yourself,” Solas warned him. The elf was also present, and sounded as calm as ever. “You have nearly died. We had to use lyrium to help you fight the illness.”

Maxwell didn’t bother to answer. Someone squeezed his hand, and the man turned his head slowly to see Cassandra sitting beside his bed. Her eyes were wet, and she was breathing heavily. It was her trembling fingers that held his hand.

Cullen stood behind the Seeker with his face covered by his hands, and there was also Cole who paced impatiently and was obviously invisible for everyone else. Except for Solas, maybe, but the elf seemed to be busy with the contents of the wooden box. His face was focused.

“Inquisitor, I… I…” Cassandra tried to say, but she couldn’t make herself finish anything. It didn’t matter, though, because Maxwell knew exactly what she was trying to say. If he had died this day, she would have never forgiven herself for what she had done.

Somehow… he didn’t care. At all.

Hello. Firstly, I would like to apologize for such a delay. This chapter should have been ready a long time ago, but life happened, and I simply had no opportunity to write faster. Do not worry about future updates, though: this story is very important to me, and I will finish it no matter what.

Secondly, this story is unpredictable. Most of the time I’m just sitting here and writing down whatever The Plot tells me, so some of you may get an idea that it’s not really about the Inquisitor’s and the Commander’s relationship. It is. Just you wait (wink wink).

And lastly, thank you for still staying here <3

Surprise! XD

The sun was high in the sky, and its bright rays were piercing through the windows of the Inquisitor’s bedroom without mercy. Maxwell had tried to hide under the blankets at first, but that only made the heat of his bed unbearable, and in the end the Herald lost the struggle and had to surface, sweating buckets. He threw the blanket to the side and stretched, his hands going up and legs pointing at the balcony entrance. A yawn that came mid-action was impossible to suppress.

As the Inquisitor opened his eyes, he saw red on the windowsills. Vivid in the sunlight, living pieces of flesh were covering solid stone and stretching lazily to the edges of the sill where they fell down onto the floor with soft sounds. There were already quite a few piles. Maxwell groaned and waved his hand before his eyes.

“Go die or something,” he muttered, slightly annoyed. “You are ruining my morning.”

When the Herald dropped his hand, the illusion was gone.

“Much better,” he nodded and moved to stand up. Judging by the position of the sun and all the noise that was coming from the courtyard below, everyone was already up. Which meant Maxwell was horribly late with his physical training… but who cared, really. He was the Inquisitor, so he could go running whenever he so desired. People would only like seeing him keeping in shape, especially the advisors and some of his companions. In other words, everyone who’d witnessed his breakdown two weeks ago.

Maxwell went through the morning routine, thinking about the upcoming duties. Now that he was regularly taking lyrium, things were going much smoother: nightmares started to feel a little less threatening and couldn’t separate him from Solas anymore, all visions became controllable (though not yet touchable), and his anger seemed easier to control. Therefore, the Herald could go out and play his role as the leader of the Inquisition without having to worry about his reputation. Though for some reason he was hardly feeling worried these days…

Maxwell put the brush back on the table and picked up the wooden box. Taking lyrium was something he’d gotten used to doing every day: it never took much time yet felt like polishing a shield that would guard him for the rest of the day. As soon as everything was ready, the Inquisitor went towards the door.

Another busy day was waiting for him outside. As usual, the corridor was mostly empty, except for a couple of workers who were deciding on the repairs. Both of them greeted the Herald, and he waved his hand once in return. Then, in the main hall, one of Josephine’s helpers handed Maxwell a pile of papers, and the Herald accepted them with a small sigh: he already knew what he was going to find there. These were mostly random reports and orders that needed his signature, and also requests from all over Ferelden.

Many were impressed by the achievements of the Inquisition, and that, sadly, didn’t only mean the stable growth of helpful newcomers or recruits. It meant crowds of people saw it as means