from the Land of Lightning. Sasuke didn't know where their hideout was, let alone how far it was from the Land of Lightning, so Madara could have been returning at that very moment, ducking his head into the cave entrance –

Sasuke shook his head and got to work.

He washed his hands in the sink, dried them and began demolishing Madara's laboratory complex. He scooped up Kabuto's notebooks, Orochimaru's files, the slides made from Sasuke's tissue samples, the vials of stem cells extracted from his bone marrow – everything that had made up Kabuto's project – and tipped them into the man's own travel bag. He slung the large satchel over his head and shoulders and tightened the strap.

Then he went to the smaller laboratories, the imaging room, the operating theatres, the additional library and set each and every one of them on fire the old-fashioned way – pushing a small barrel of concentrated alcohol into each room and dropping a match. Kabuto's own room was booby-trapped at the door, so Sasuke ignored it and moved on. The moths went next. They were slow when they were confused and he caught them with three well-aimed scalpels, pinning them to the laboratory wall.

He went to the freezer and opened the door.

Each footprint he left in the bed of frost on the floor was bright red.

In the end, he decided against burning the main laboratory. He could feel the heat of the fires warming the cave complex air and he needed to get out quick. He dashed out of the door of the laboratory, the cold weight of Itachi's body on his back, ice slipping down the neck of his shirt, and the satchel making him list to one side.

At the cave entrance, he barreled headfirst through the layers of illusions and barriers Madara had cast over it, recalling how Madara had insisted he was free to go whenever he chose to do so. He was right. The barriers gave way with the sensation of walking through a wall of bubbles layered with egg shells and Sasuke was out.

As soon as he looked back over his shoulder, however, he was struck by a feeling of terrible giddiness. The air seemed to be stretching, up and down and sideways, twisting and spinning. Colours slipped up and down the spectrum from red to yellow to vivid purple. Everything flashed technicolour for an instant then faded to monochrome and sounds assaulted him from all sides until he was utterly disorientated and could feel bile climbing to the back of his mouth.

When he was no longer certain about whether he was standing on the sky or falling off the grass, the feeling finally ceased.

He shifted Itachi's weight on his back and looked back over his shoulder again. The cave entrance to Madara's hideout that Sasuke had only moments ago leapt out from was gone. There wasn't even a cliff-face or a mountain behind him. In fact, there wasn't a mountain in sight. Madara's illusions had hidden everything.

Sasuke was standing in the middle of a wood. Rain had come by recently. The ground was still damp and the air smelt fresh.

He walked forwards. Eventually he would get somewhere. For now, there was no going back.

The Eye of the World Part 1 - RepentersSo comes the night of the Second Parade

The day before the Second Repenters' Parade, an advert appeared in all of the Konoha newspapers.

TOMORROW COMES

THE EYE OF THE WORLD SEEKS AN AUDIENCE WITH KONOHA'S FINEST

As soon as the small black and white square was spotted in the back of the Konoha Times, Keepers hurried to the Publications' Office to investigate, but all they found was a building full of editors looking just as puzzled and furious as they were. The editors denied having ever seen the advert before the paper went to print. The Editor-in-Chief went so far as to put his forehead to the ground, in an expression of his deepest regret that the advert had slipped past his scrutiny. The Keepers withdrew, frustrated and more than a little rattled that the Repentance had managed to pull such a public stunt.

Everybody in Konoha knew about the Parade and they anticipated it as they might do a heavy storm.

A day passed. Nara Yoshino finalised plans with Captain Hyuuga, with Shikaku presiding as an advisor. The Keepers went out on one final patrol. They looked for sites being readied for ambush and civilians behaving suspiciously. A confrontation broke out in the market square, when a civilian accused a Keeper of oppressing them with chakra, and what began as an argument quickly degenerated into a short, bloody and messy brawl which didn't stop until Yoshino herself arrived to break it up.

It was a clear windless night. The citizens of Konoha closed their windows, locked their doors, and battened down the hatches. The few shops left on the high street closed early and rolled down the metal shutters. By eight in the evening, the snack bars were closed and their lanterns blown out. By nine, the Runners had already returned to their headquarters, and there was not a