and permit his saliva to wet his dry mouth, then reaching around to open John’s jaws further with surprisingly gentle fingers and to push his latest purchase in there instead, making sure it was laid comfortably on John’s tongue just far enough into his mouth without danger before buckling it behind his head.

It was a well-chosen penis gag designed to fill John’s mouth and provide him with a little entertainment at the same time.

John was startled. Where the hell had that come from? He frowned over at Sherlock’s coat hanging on the back of the bedroom door. Somewhere inside one of those generous pockets, probably, he thought.

“Suck on that, John,” Sherlock said in that voice he used when it was an order and John had no say in the matter. And when John obediently did as he was told he was startled to be gifted with a mouthful of cold, sticky semen. When the hell had Sherlock found the time to do that? Oh, God, he thought suddenly, not at Scotland Yard, surely?   Please, no. He shut his eyes against the image. He’d never be able to use those toilets again.

“Comfortable?” Sherlock asked knowingly, waiting as John figured it out. John was too busy sucking to answer, so Sherlock abruptly slapped his arse smartly, smick-smack, one slap on each cheek. The sound of it was loud in the room. “I asked if it was comfortable, John.”

John nodded appreciatively even as he sucked on the toy. Had his mouth been free he would have asked where Sherlock had picked up such a device but right now it was impossible. Added to which, he wasn’t sure he really wanted to know the answer. He’d never been guided to take Sherlock’s offering in both ends at the same time before. The thought of it was hotter than hell, he decided, as he waited to savour both the taste currently in his mouth and the anticipated burn in the same split second.

Sherlock didn’t make him wait this time. He was still too high on his own triumphant cleverness. He shed the rest of his clothing quickly and efficiently before kneeling on the bed and swinging his leg over John’s torso, shuffling to find the entrance he was seeking, holding his own cock in one hand as he parted the familiar flesh and carefully but inexorably entered what he now regarded as his very own personal space.

Beneath him, John shivered with joy, feeling the sensations in every nerve of his body as the heavy flesh advanced, gently but inescapably. His eyes filled with astonished tears, his bones ached with his bottomless desire for this man and he started to pant through his nose in earnest, moaning softly before he suddenly gave a muffled cry of frustrated pleasure. For two endless years he had thought this possibility lost to him forever and in spite of the harsh breath in his ear it was still something he didn’t quite believe was really happening. He would do nothing to jeopardise it. Whatever Sherlock wanted, he would get.

~~~

By the sixth race at Aintree Mrs Tuner was getting slightly cross. She and Martha had placed several bets which had led to Mrs Hudson backing winners in every race they ventured to wager on. Mrs Turner had never seen anything like it. After her first two wins Martha had gone on to triumph by backing “Doctor’s Orders”, “Diogenes”, “Fusilier”, and “Deerstalker.” How was Martha doing this, she asked?

“Beginners’ luck,” Mrs Hudson smiled.

Mrs Turner bustled off to make some tea.

By the time she came back Martha was sitting in the armchair, smiling at the pad in her hand.

“Did you have an accumulator?” asked Mrs Turner.

“No,” said Martha, “but it’s a good idea for next time.”

Mrs Turner was going to point out a bit tartly that it was getting to be a bit late and Martha might want to go home before it got dark when there was the sudden cacophony of a stifled cry followed by a deep groan.

“Oh dear,” Mrs Hudson said, looking at the dividing wall between the two flats. “I wonder what’s going on to cause a racket like that. I’m sorry, dear; I’ll tell them to keep it down in future. That’s not very neighbourly. Unless they’re having another fight or John’s had another of those nightmares and fallen out of bed. He might have knocked himself out. He’s so accident prone. And he’s always getting himself abducted by criminals and what-have-you; should we go and check to see if he’s alright? You know he still gets bad dreams even though Sherlock’s come back from…wherever he went. I can hear John walking around sometimes in the early hours. Or…”

Mrs Turner, it seemed, was a little worldlier than Mrs Hudson. She knew exactly what was going on upstairs. She couldn’t believe a woman could have lived the life that Martha had lived