to you.  They were hurting you, Li, and you were calling my name and I couldn’t get there and… Look at me, ’m seventeen years old crying about a nightmare.  You must think I’m daft.”

“Not at all, mate, though I am quite chuffed that you’re so worked up over losing me,” Liam teased, tickling the soft skin below his ribs.

“Course I am, Li. Don’t know what I’d do without you, you’re my best mate,” Zayn said, sitting back to look him in the eyes and Liam feels butterflies in his abdomen at the way he’s looking at him.  You’re just mates, Liam, he thinks to himself. Best mates. Nothing else. Zayn smiles at him and buries his face in his neck once more. “You don’t mind if I fall back asleep like this, do ya? ’m quite comfy, to be honest.”

“Not at all, just don’t drool on me, please.”

“No promises. Night, Leeyum.”

Liam stares at the green and blue glow in the dark stars plastered on the older boy's ceiling that they were so excited to put up back when they were eight.  He absentmindedly rubs his thumb over the dip in Zayn’s back and pretends, just for a second, that they're more than just mates.  Even if that isn’t his reality, Liam lets himself enjoy the closeness for this one night, and falls asleep to Zayn’s warm breath on his neck, secretly thankful for the nightmare.

~

Liam wakes up at six-thirty in the morning to Zayn whimpering in his sleep.  His first thought is that he’s having yet another nightmare and is about to wake him up when, oh.  Oh. Zayn isn’t having a nightmare, he’s having a naughty dream and grinding his erection into his hipbone.  Liam feels himself flush and has no idea what to do, because on one hand, wow, and on the other, he knows Zayn would be devastatingly embarrassed to wake up and find he’s been humping his mate in his sleep.  He decides the best thing to do is to gently move Zayn off of him and onto the bed, and pretend to go back to sleep – and pray his own semi goes down – so that it’d be less awkward in the morning, like ‘oh, you had a wet dream next to me, ha ha’ instead of ‘oh, you had a wet dream on top of me and I actually really liked it I understand if you don’t want to be friends anymore, ha ha’.

He moves his hands under Zayn’s armpits to move him back onto the bed at the exact moment that Zayn swivels his hips and grinds his dick right into Liam’s.  “Fuck”, Liam murmurs, halting all movements as his eyes roll back into his head.  Zayn’s clutching at his shirt and his moans are growing louder now that he’s steadily rocking right against Liam.  He’s truly fucked because he knows there’s absolutely no way he can move Zayn without him waking up, which is probably the worst thing that could happen right now.  The grinding feels so good but Liam thinks it won’t be enough for him to come – thankfully – as there’s three layers of fabric separating their cocks.  He’s trying not to move and gnawing the shit out of his bottom lip as the tip of Zayn’s cock catches just under the head of his, and he almost doesn’t hear his voice.

But he does.

“Unf, Leeyum,” Zayn whines into his ear, thrusting forward again and again.  Liam’s eyes go wide and he can’t help himself from cursing out loud and digging his fingernails into Zayn’s back, thrusting his hips up to get more friction and hear that beautiful sound again.  He feels eyelashes against his neck and the older boy stills against him for a moment and fuck, Liam thinks.  I’ve ruined it all now.

But then Zayn picks up where he left off and chuckles into his neck, nuzzling and sucking a bruise under his birthmark.

“I should be completely mortified right now, but it seems like you’re enjoying this just as much as I am,” he whispers into Liam’s ear, licking around the shell of it and if he wasn’t fully hard before he sure as hell is now.

“Fuck, Zee, this feels so good.” Liam feels a surge of confidence and opens his legs a little wider, planting his feet against the mattress so he can properly grind up into Zayn’s cock.  “Sounded so sexy moaning my name, babe. What were you dreaming about?”

“You, of course,” Zayn groans, sitting up to trail kisses down Liam’s torso.  He grunts at the lack of friction on his cock, to which Zayn responds with a short tug through his pajama pants.  “Always thinking of you.  I