. I just-” her bottom lip starts quivering and Zayn almost begins to panic because why is she crying, no no he can’t deal with girls crying, never could stand to see his sisters weep, “I want to say I’m sorry Zayn, I’m so sorry you have to go through this because of me, and my band and I hate seeing you angry and sad and withdrawn and I don’t want you to hate me for it. Please Zayn.” Her eyes fill up with tears and Zayn feels terrible.

“Pez,” he gathers up her glove clad hands in his and sighs, “of course I don’t hate you, never can. I’m sorry if I’ve been grouchy and miserable and I don’t want you to blame yourself for it. I just need some time, I guess and you know how I get.” He takes her in his arms and rubs her back comfortingly, “Don’t cry love, you’re not so pretty with tear stains down your cheeks.” He jokes.

She half giggles half sniffles into his Mickey Mouse jumper and draws back, eyes red and cheeks blotchy, “Idiot” she mumbles a fond look on her face.

 Zayn feels terrible for hurting her, awkward because he knows Perrie is getting more attached to him than she should, angry because all of this is so unfair, and right now, frankly, it’s all a bit too much for him to deal with.

So he gives her a kiss on the cheek to make up for his aloof behaviour and pretends he doesn’t notice the blinding flash indicating that this moment has just been captured on camera and will probably be plastered on the newspapers tomorrow making them seem even more loved up.

“Call me yeah?” she asks uncertainly as she’s halfway out the cab and Zayn nods.

A smile and she’s walking towards her house and Zayn stares after her and wonders how he’s going to handle all the mess he’s in.

 

-----------------------

 

“LEEMO!” Niall screams throwing aside the game controller and launches himself at him. Liam gets a face full of blond hair and a vice like grip that knocks out the air off him.

“Where have you been mate?” Louis asks from the couch, “No texts, no calls, it’s like you dropped off the face of the earth.”

“Stop being dramatic, it’s only been three days” Liam laughs rolling his eyes at his bandmates as he untangles himself from Niall’s arms and walks over and plunks himself next to Louis on the couch.

“Three days as in thirty six hours Liam.” Niall states as he takes his place on the other side of Liam.

“Seventy two hours you idiot.” Louis pipes up, with a laugh.

“Whatever.” Niall mumbles picking up the controller and joining the game with Louis, “You missed three days’ worth of rehearsals and didn’t inform us why.” He complains like a little kid.

Liam sighs and tips back his head, resting it on the edge of the couch, “Sorry. Just wanted some alone time I guess.”

“Alone time, that you spent with your new girlfriend I see.” Louis says with no malice in his voice, only teasing glint in his eyes.

Liam bites back a scoff, because yeah he did go out for lunch and dinner dates with Sophia hoping it would distract his mind from the obvious. He’s not really sure how successful he was though, considering he still can’t sleep peacefully at night.

“Whose new girlfriend?” a gravelly voice enters the room and then the TV is being blocked with Harry’s tall gangly frame and he’s staring at Liam completely ignoring Niall indignant squeak.

“Hey man.” Liam smiles meekly, because he had ignored Harry’s calls too. Avoided any interaction with him after that unfortunate bathroom incident when he’d cried like a baby in Harry’s arms.

Harry raises his eyebrows stepping out of the way as Niall aims a kick at his shins and settles down on Louis’ other side.

“Finally graced us with your presence I see?” he speaks up, a slight shade of hurt in his voice.

“He’s had his ‘alone time’ mate, no need to be so harsh.” Louis says with a smirk.

“You and Z with your ‘alone time’, it’s like you’re PMSing teenage girls I swear.” Niall mutters earning a laugh from Louis and a dry chuckle from Harry.

Liam tenses up at the mention of Zayn’s name and he can see from the corner of his eyes that Harry’s eyeing him knowingly, and he knows he owes Harry an apology for his behaviour especially when Harry’s the only one who knows.

“I’m sorry” Liam apologises more so to Harry. He wants to explain himself to the others, but knows he can’t, not without telling the truth, and that would not only be embarrassing but awkward too, and no, he just can’t.

Louis throws an