Makishima wasn’t entirely sure he knew how he’d managed to get dragged into this. Well okay he knew he just sort of wished he didn’t. He’d given in somewhere between Toudou’s slew of texts and Onoda making big eyes at him and now he was stuck sitting in a cramped living room celebrating Christmas with some strange gift giving thing that had involved everyone taking a name out of a hat weeks ago. He’d ended up with Onoda’s name. The hardest part of that had been trying to figure out what anime thing Onoda didn’t already have.

Now of course the present was found and wrapped and stuck under the tree Onoda had set up in his little apartment and decorated with what Makishima would be willing to bet real money was entirely anime references. The little place was pretty much packed and Makishima had long since pressed himself into a corner and had no intention of moving. Onoda had managed to wrangle almost everyone from high school as well as at least a dozen people Makishima was certain he had never seen before. Onoda had a weird way of collecting people that Makishima envied, or possibly feared.

“Okay everyone sit in a circle!” Onoda’s voice broken through Makishima’s thoughts and he sighed as he moved from the corner into a place that could be considered more or less part of the circle.

Onoda of course seated himself near the presents and passed them out. Makishima watched, nodding at most of the gifts. Somehow they all made sense. Tadokora got a new apron, he’d taken over the bakery and went through them like paper. Naruko got some bright red thing that Makishima didn’t recognize but it looked flashy and Naruko looked pleased. Imaizumi got a couple of cds, mostly anime related. Manami got gloves and a hat. Toudou got a set of about eight headbands each one looked more ridiculous than the last.

Eventually they made the way around the circle to Makishima who got a largish box. He opened it to find a large plush spider and snorted, the thing was bright green. It wasn’t quite the colour his hair had been in high school but it was close enough that he was impressed.

The rest of the party went by quickly after that, there was food and talking and laughter. Eventually Makishima relaxed. It wasn’t until he got home that he realized the spider had a tag around it’s neck. Written on the tag in handwriting Makishima had long since memorized was a date, a time, and an address.

He spent the two days between when he found the note and when the time rolled around debating whether or not to go. His phone remained suspiciously silent the whole time. In the end he went (of course) and found that the place was nothing like what he’d imagined it to be. In fact is was just a park.

“Maki~chan!” Toudou’s voice hit him almost as soon as he walked into the park. “You came!”

Makishima didn’t bother dignifying the thought that he might have not come with a response just raised his eyebrows slightly as Toudou ran up to him.

“Do you get it?” Toudou’s grin was almost expectant and when Makishima just shrugged he let out a huff of irritation. “I’m your present!”

“Can I get a gift receipt?” Makishima’s mouth moved without his permission, as it often did around Toudou, and the look on Toudou’s face would have been hilarious if it wasn’t for the fact that he went so quickly from scandalized to crest fallen.

“Oh.” The little noise that escaped from Toudou as his gaze was drawn down to the ground pretty much sealed it for Makishima.

“Toudou it was a joke. You’re a lovely present.” Makishima said, or mumbled rather, just loud enough Toudou would be able to hear him. Toudou looked up and the smile reappeared on his face like light through the clouds. Despite the sudden and loud incessant chatter that instantly poured out of Toudou once he’d cheered up Makishima couldn’t bring himself to regret saying it. Nor would he regret spending the rest of his day with Toudou.