.”

Two seconds later, the bell rang, signaling the end of class. Kaori quickly gathered up her possessions and dashed out of the classroom. She ran towards the Business building’s exit and kept running until she reached her dorm room.

When Kaori finally woke from crying herself to sleep, it was dark out. She sat up in her bed, flipped open her mobile phone, and saw she missed two calls. One was from her mother and the other was from Haruka. After three years of high school, she knew she should not be surprised Asuka did not try to contact her, but it still stung. She stood, gathered her toiletries, and headed to her dormitory’s communal floor bathroom.

Upon her return to her dorm room, she found her dorm mate quickly scribbling a note. When the young woman saw Kaori, she crumbled up the note and threw it in the trashcan.

“OH! There you are. I’m going to spend the night with my girlfriend, so you have the room to yourself,” the young woman stated and headed out the door, “Night!”

“Good night,” Kaori weakly responded.

Kaori put her toiletries away and sat down on her bed. She checked the time and called her mother back first, knowing the call would not take very long. Taking a deep breath, she called Haruka next.

“Kaori? Are you alright?” Haruka asked, even before saying hello.

“Yes, yes, I’m fine,” Kaori lied.

“Asuka told me what happened in class.”

Kaori bitterly smiled. She already knew this, as soon as she saw the earlier missed call from Haruka.

Shrugging off the sadness threatening to return, she cheerfully replied, “It wasn’t anything. I don’t know why Asuka called you.”

“Because…,”

“…she’s Asuka,” Kaori finished Haruka’s sentence.

Both friends laughed. Kaori felt better and was soon laughing at Haruka’s story about how a freak summer storm caught her university’s concert music band during marching practice.

“And don’t you tell me the freak summer storm was my fault,” Haruka humorously chided.

An hour later, the two friends finished catching up and ended their call. 

As Kaori tried to fall asleep, she pondered why Asuka always called Haruka whenever the former euphonium player felt her friend needed cheering up.

“Why doesn’t she call me?” Kaori wondered aloud. 

The next day, Kaori went to her Business 100 class on a mission.

As Kaori listened to her professor drone on and on, she half listened to his boring lecture. She did not want to be blindsided by him again, but she was on a mission and determined to complete it, no matter the outcome. As soon as the bell rang, Kaori sprang from her seat and headed directly for Asuka.

“Asuka, can I speak to you for a moment?”

“I can’t right now.”

“Why? You don’t have a class now?”

“I…have…to get to the library!”
Asuka waited, confident Kaori would back down.

“Asuka…,” Kaori paused in thought, “…we need to talk.” 

The usually meek former trumpet player grabbed Asuka by the wrist and pulled her in to an empty classroom. Asuka flopped down in an empty desk and stared at Kaori with saucer-sized eyes.

“Asuka, I want…no, need the truth from you.”

Asuka pulled on her mask and flippantly answered, “Of course.”

“I mean it Asuka!” Kaori firmly stated.

For the second time within a short time, Asuka’s eyes grew to the size of saucers. Unfortunately for Kaori, Asuka’s sadistic side roared to life when cornered.

“You want the truth?”

Kaori nodded.

“You can’t handle the truth!” Asuka channeled Colonel Nathan Jessup in perfect Engrish and stood to leave.

Kaori, finally at her wits end with Asuka’s evasiveness, uncharacteristically barked out, “ENOUGH!”

Asuka, shocked by Kaori’s outburst, flopped back down in her seat.

Kaori gathered up all her courage and began, “Asuka, I need to know why you always call Haruka, every single time you think I need cheering up? Why don’t you speak to me directly?”

While Asuka silently stared at Kaori, the lovelorn young woman softly sighed and wondered how her friend grew so closed off from her own emotions. After Asuka finally spoke, the two friends spoke for over two hours, leaving Kaori emotionally drained as she shuffled back to her dorm room. Once again, Kaori cried herself to sleep.

The next morning, Kaori packed up her belongings, wrote a note to her dorm mate, texted Haruka one sentence, withdrew from all her classes, and left.

By the time Haruka was able to check the text message she received during practice, two hours earlier, she knew she was too late, when all her frantic calls to Kaori went directly to voicemail and her text messages went unanswered. In between all this, she called Asuka, and for the first time in their years of friendship,