tight and controlled," Jim purred running his hands over his back. "Which I love as well, but seeing you like this, all unresistant...well..."

 He stretched his shoulders, even if it twinged the wound at his back, made skin stretch uncomfortably and twist himself again, minutely. "Yeah?  This isn't, this... I can not-resist without drugs."

 "Just relax," Jim murmured, pulling at the dressing on  his back. "I want to see..." He probably did at that. Jim had these weird thoughts sometimes.

 "Please don't put your fingers in it, I don't trust the stitch job anyway." He let Jim, didn't move, didn't fuss, didn't try to shift him off.

 "I'm just looking at  you," he said.  He could feel a golden glow settling over him, mellow and agreeable. "Beautiful, gorgeous..." Fingers were moving carefully over him, exploring.

 "Hmn." His eyes closed, more out of reaction than any conscious decision to close them. Jim's hands were nimble, familiar, and he could tell what fingertip was where just from the placement, the pressure of them. He spent a lot of time watching Jim move, reading him, reacting to him or reacting before him.

 Surprisingly he was kneading at his back, like some sort of cat. Jim was again nuzzling at his neck. "Feeling any pain now?" he murmured.

 "No?" He wondered if he should have been, but he only half looked over his shoulder at Jim. The kneading felt good, surprisingly so, easy to relax into a little more. "If you keep... I'm going to fall asleep."

 "You carry on. It won't stop the fun I'm going to have," Jim said licking up his neck."Mmm... Sleeping or awake you're still mine."

 "Never disagreed on that," Seb murmured, stretching his legs carefully when he tried to arch into that touch. It seemed to linger for longer than was actually possible, honey slow.

 "You're like a big cat," Jim said. "Right now you could probably see big cats wandering past, or imagine a tiger sitting on you. Isn't morphine great?"

 "It's all fuzzy." He closed his eyes, and looked sideways out into the living-room. No, no, he wasn't seeing anything. That was good. He'd generally spent his life doing no worse than Tylenol with a bit of codeine on bad injury days, and preferred it that way.

 "It's relaxing," Jim's hands were creeping inexorably down his spine to smooth over his ass. He was feeling him up there which was rather pleasant.

It made him wish he didn't have trousers on, but that was dead easy to put an end to. Trousers, pants. Jim had a horrible habit of going commando when a man least expected it, and wearing the most garish underwear known to man when Seb was expecting nothing at all.

 "I love your ass," he declared. "People would kill for this ass..." Fingers were slipping under the waistband, and sliding over his skin.

Runching up fabric in a way that made him lift his hips automatically. "Pretty fond of it myself. Pretty fond of yours. I like your body..."

 "Good," he said again. "I want to fuck you like this. I want you to do you while you are drugged out of your mind."

 "Oh." It wasn't as if it was the first time, or the last, but he was curious as to why, in a drifting disconnected sort of way. Jim started to chuckle a little after he said oh, and then started to push himself up on an elbow. "What're you, I can't imagine you'd. What's the difference?"

 "I like the thought of a compliant Seb, unable to resist me even if you wanted to do it." Jim murmured with his hand down his pants.

 "Okay, yeah." He closed his eyes for a moment, spread his legs a little more. Getting fucked by Jim was always an experience, almost as good as drilling the crazy bastard's tight little ass himself. 

 "It'll like being fucked mid-air," Jim promised. "Without falling. It always amazes me how tight you are, considering." His fingers were finding entrance.

 Sliding in, not one, but two, and stretching him. Seb groaned, let one leg fall to the side a little so he could try to move back against Jim. "Fuck, 's not like I do this with anyone but you..."

 "You romantic you," Jim said leaning down to kiss his back and nibble at him. "Maybe I meant considering the things I've put in there."

 There was a faint suggestion of teeth behind that touch, and he let his mouth relax a little, breathing through the sensation. "You could'