the Weasley Weekend Unwind. 

“Should I wear a tie?” Draco asks.

“No, save it for tonight and our headboard,” Harry says. He tosses Draco a pair of jeans and a t-shirt that says Cuddly Chudley in bright orange script. Draco eyes it distastefully, but when Harry adds, “I’ll lube up and ride you for an hour if you wear it,” he slips it right on. Draco’s belly’s getting big quickly, but it’s not too big to fuck Harry yet. In public, it’s softened by the glamour he puts on when he’s going into work or the shops. It can’t cover all of it, but it makes it look like he’s just getting pudgy instead of carrying two additional humans.

Molly’s not the least bit surprised when Harry shows up with Draco, which is unexpected. “Oh, hello there, dear. I wondered if we’d ever get to meet you. Ron tells me that you and Harry work together all the time.”

“He tips me off on his corrupted superiors,” Draco confirms. “It’s a symbiotic relationship.”

“What does Harry get out of it then?” Hermione asks, sipping a glass of red wine as she leans against the kitchen counter. Harry and Draco give her identical hunted looks, but she only says, “If it’s symbiotic, he’s getting something out of it, too.”

“A headache, probably,” Ron says. “That’s what I always get when Malfoy or Bones shows up at my office.”

“Draco’s really good at, er...” Fellatio? Backwards Cowgirl? Morning sex? 

“Painting,” Harry finally decides, sending Draco a confused look as though to say, ‘What is wrong with me, where do I get these ideas?’ “He’s helping me restore Grimmauld.”

“Oh, that’s wonderful,” Hermione says. “Be sure to use a proper spell to get rid of all that lead paint. I worry about bringing Rose over. She’d probably eat the paint chips all over the floor.

Lead paint? Harry thinks, panicking. He can’t bring his daughters into a place full of lead paint, and they’re probably going to have to move there eventually because Draco’s flat’s just a studio. There’s no way four of them can live there together. Grimmauld’s got six bedrooms and a garden. It’s definitely the better idea but if there’s lead paint and, oh god, there’s probably asbestos in the fucking drywall or— 

“I’m glad to hear you’re finally settling down,” Molly says, startling Harry even further. Settling down? Do they know? “It’s not good for a young man to not have a place to put down roots.”

“Oh, erm, yeah,” Harry says. 

“Malfoy you’re getting a bit chunky there, aren’t you?” Ron says. “Desk job’s not really working for you.”

This is a perfect time to say, ‘Actually, Draco’s pregnant,’ and Draco seems to think so, too, judging by the look he’s giving Harry. Harry blinks quickly, still thinking of all the potential carcinogens in the only house they own between the two of them that isn’t a studio or inhabited by Malfoys. He says nothing.

“Ronald!” Molly says, at the same time as Hermione smacks the back of his head. Draco delivers a scathing, yet still somehow polite enough for a Weasley Weekend, rejoinder and life continues apace. 

Harry doesn’t know where the time goes. He eats mechanically, only half paying attention to the taste of his food or the happy conversation going on around him. By the time everyone’s heading for the Floo and Draco’s eyes are drooping from exhaustion, Harry still hasn’t said anything about his new membership into the Dad Club. 

But Merlin, the lead paint. He’s gotta fix that shit.



-x-

“Are you nesting?”

“What?” Harry says.

Draco walks further into the drawing room, being careful to avoid splatters of paint on the carpeting, which Harry had not bothered to cover since he’s just going to rip it up. In fact, maybe he should’ve ripped it up first, except then he’d have had to cover the hardwood floors. Whatever. 

“You,” Draco says, grinning. “You’re nesting. You’re not even the pregnant one.”

“What’s nesting? Like a bird? I’m not a bird.”

“Same thing,” Draco says. “You really want us all to live here when they’re born?”

This feels like an important moment. Harry slowly bends down to set his paint roller on the tray before standing again. “Do you want to?” Harry asks.

Draco rolls his eyes. “I was going to start looking for a new flat next week. I’ve