. 

 

“He just left! He didn’t even say anything, he just left me there.”

 

Jackson can feel tears start to well up in his eyes, and he sniffles, pushing himself closer to Jaebum.

 

“I fucked it up so much, he’s never going to talk to me ever again.” Jackson’s voice cracks, and he can’t stop himself from crying in earnest. 

 

Jaebum doesn’t say anything else, just holds Jackson until his breathing finally steadies. It’s a while before Jackson finds his voice again, and he half expects Jaebum to get up and leave before he does. Jaebum is a much better friend than he gives him credit for. 

 

“What am I gonna do?”

 

“I don’t know,” Jaebum says, quietly. 

 

“I have to be alone with him and file papers, the most boring thing ever, when break is over.” Jackson wails. Jaebum pats his back, and Jackson can’t see his face, but he can tell he’s smiling. 

 

“You’ll figure it out.”

 

“How?”

 

“C’mon, who’s the better at awkward situations than you?”

---

Jackson walks into Professor Park’s office on Tuesday half expecting Mark to not be there. He wouldn’t be surprised if Mark never wanted to see him again, or if he’d figured out a way to convince Professor Park to make it so they didn’t have to be in his office at the same time. Jackson wouldn’t be able to really help him that way, but he suspects Mark doesn’t really care about that.

 

Mark is in the office when he gets inside though, standing close to one of the filing cabinets and pulling out certain files with one arm while the other holds a growing a stack.

 

“Hey.” Jackson says uncertainly, leaving the door open a little bit behind him. He doesn’t want to be boxed in with Mark right now, and he doesn’t want Mark to feel like that’s what he’s trying to do.

 

Mark barely glances at him, only nods briefly in his direction. Jackson probably deserves this, and at least Mark is being civil. Jackson can’t help wishing he would be a little more- something. He doesn’t know. If he’s angry, or if Jackson ruined this friendship entirely, or if Mark just needs time, Jackson wants to know. He needs to know, really, but he can’t pry at Mark. Not when Mark so easily closes himself off.

 

They’d spent weeks together in this office, years before in the same school, same classes, building a tentative friendship. Mark was just starting to let Jackson in, and he can’t believe he threw it all away because he couldn’t just keep it to himself.

 

“There’s a box that needs to be put away over there.” Mark says, pointing to a cardboard box on the floor. It’s nearly overflowing with files, and Jackson knows he has to keep his hands busy if he doesn’t want to start talking. He doesn’t want to start talking. His talking is what caused all of this in the first place.

 

Jackson sighs, a little too loudly, but Mark doesn’t even look at him. He trudges over to the box, not even bothering to keep Mark in his peripheral vision while he starts filing things away. Normally, he keeps Mark where he can see him while they talk. Jackson doesn’t think they’re going to be talking any time soon.

 

---

 

“He didn’t say anything to me,” Jackson whines, rolling around on Jaebum’s bed. Jinyoung and Jaebum are sitting on Jinyoung’s bed, both watching with mild amusement as Jackson tangles himself in Jaebum’s blankets.

 

“He must’ve said at least one thing to you,” Jinyoung says.

 

“Ugh, shut up. He told me what to file that’s it.”

 

“That’s at least something,” Jaebum offers. Jackson can hear the suppressed laughter in his voice.

 

He’s not wrong, but it’s definitely not what Jackson meant. However drunk he may have been, he still confessed to Mark. He’s used to something a little more dramatic happening after that sort of thing. Shouldn’t there be something more dramatic after that?

 

“You’re thinking about it too much,” Jaebum says, “just talk to him.”

 

Jackson sits bolt upright, snapping his head to stare at Jaebum. Jinyoung is giggling, pressing his face into Jaebum’s shoulder.

 

“Talk to him?” Jackson asks, shrill. “Just talk to him?”

 

“Yes.” Jaebum says, and Jinyoung has passed into full on laughing now. Jaebum pushes him off his shoulder.

 

“It’s not that complicated.” Jinyoung shrugs, collecting himself. “Just say, ‘hey we need to talk’ and then apologize, and tell him you’ll back off if that’s what he wants.”