Ci you're bleeding!” His hand immediately shot to the side of my head, forcing me to wince away which only made the room spin again. I felt him move his hand from my head to the backs of my thighs before I felt totally weightless.

“JoJo I can walk myself.” He placed me down on the bed, before I felt his hand on the side of my head again.

“I know you can I just don’t want you to. Granny is in bed now so you can stay here and I’ll sneak you out in the morning.” He said pressing a kiss to my neck, forcing me to swallow a moan.

“Sneak me out?” He pressed another wet kiss to my neck, sucking gently but after not getting a response from me he pulled back and made a small whine of disappointment.

“What’s wrong?” He asked nuzzling into the crook of my neck. I clenched my fists in my lap, pulling my knees closer to my chest and leaning my head against his towel that he had balled up behind my head, causing me to wince at the dull pain.

“Why can’t I just leave normally? Why do you have to sneak me out?” I asked quietly, trying to not let the hurt in my voice show. I heard him laugh before he leaned against the wall next to me, stretching his legs out in front of him.

“Come on Ci, I can’t have Granny think I’m gay. Like, I like this but I’m not gay.” I felt my heart sink in my chest and that horrible pain in my palms begin to spread up my arms as tears pricked at the corner of my eyes. I swallowed harshly hoping that when I spoke my voice wouldn’t sound nearly as broken as I was feeling.

“Then what is this, Joseph?” I managed to keep my voice reasonably level until the use of his full name, when it wavered ever so slightly.

“It’s-” He sighed before continuing. “Caesar, this can’t be public. I can’t disappoint Granny like that.” I stood up quickly from the bed, quickly regretting it when the room spun for a moment.

“That’s why you took me all the way to the middle of nowhere for dinner.” I said loudly. He immediately started shushing me to which I ignored completely. “Joseph I’m not just something you can ignore until we’re alone than be all over me! I’m not just your…” I stopped for a second to choose my words carefully. “I’m not just your fuck toy!” I looked at him for a second to see his mouth agape before turning around as warm tears began to stream down my cheeks. I turned around quickly, grabbing my shirt off the bed and roughly pulling it over my head. I reached down to grab my blazer off the ground only to make the mistake of looking up at Joseph, letting him see the tears that refused to stop falling.

“Ci-” He reached out and grabbed my arm, standing up and getting so close our chests were almost touching. Before he could continue his plea I tore my arm from his grasp and headed to the door. I harshly pulled it open and slammed it shut without so much as a final look. I stormed out of the beautiful house, grabbing my shoes before walking out onto the porch, stopping to put my shoes on. Only to hear the front door open behind me and hearing the large man sigh. “Let me drive you home.” I didn’t move.

“No.”

“Why not?!” I could feel him standing right behind me as I stood up from the step, tapping the toe of my shoe against the concrete before trying to answer as sassily as I could.

“Someone might see you with me.” He sighed again and I could tell he was probably pouting.

“Just take this,” I felt him drape a jacket over my shoulders “So you don’t freeze.” Before I could move I heard him walk back into the house and gently close the door. I reached up to the jacket and slowly started walking as I pushed my arms into the oversized sleeves.

It didn’t take long to get to the bus stop, and I was almost thankful that he lived in a suburban neighborhood so that I didn’t have to worry about running into anyone who would see how much of a mess I probably looked. Once I got to the stop I felt my phone vibrate a few times in my pocket but I ignored it until I was curled up in the back of the bus.

Suzie Q: [whats goin on?????]

              [no one is texting me back (ᗒᗣᗕ)՞ ]

              [come on Ci I need to knowwwwwwwww]

              [did something happen again? (ง •̀_•́)ง ]

Caesar: [Yeah something happened but I don’t really wanna talk about it. Maybe in a few days]

I shoved my phone back in my blazer pocket before pulling the massive lettermen jacket over my chest as I