for an angel."

The archangel shrugs, winking at the other man. "Yeah, well, that's me. Not exactly your typical angel."

The older hunter leans forward, eyes narrowing. "No. You're not, are you?"

Gabriel takes a moment, and then realizes what Bobby's talking about. "There's no cause for concern. Really. My Trickster days are behind me, Bobby."

"Good," Bobby says from between gritted teeth. "Because I would hate for you to hurt the boys when they trust you so damn much."

Gabriel also leans forward over the table, and lowers his voice. "Bobby, I'm not kidding, you've got to believe me when I say this. I would rather hurt myself than hurt Sam or Dean."

Bobby's gaze softens, and then hardens again the next instant. "Especially Sam, right?"

There is an intense stare-down that lasts about half a minute, before Sam pipes up from his seat beside Gabriel, "Just checking, but you guys are still aware of my presence, right? I haven't vanished or anything?"

The men back down from their ocular battle, and both turn to Sam.

Gabriel reaches up and places a hand on the Winchester's shoulder before turning to Bobby. "We good?"

"I think so," Bobby grunts back, crossing his arms in a manner that is anything but defensive.

"Good," Gabriel replies with an easy smile, and instantly the tension is gone from the room. Bobby wonders if archangels have the ability to do that; make everyone feel immediate comfort. He is, ironically, not overly comfortable with the idea.

Sam rolls his eyes and exhales dramatically. "If we're done discussing my dowry, then I, for one, would like to move on to dessert."

Gabriel and Bobby both laugh and nod, and the hunter stands up to go check on Karen and the pies, leaving the room. Sam shifts in his seat nervously, and then turns to Gabriel, his eyes apologetic. "I'm sorry you had t-"

"Not a problem, Samalam," Gabriel cuts him off, reaching up and pressing a finger to his lips. He leaves the finger there for strictly longer than necessary as he continues. "I mean, I've battled humans, demons, even some angels. A grouchy father figure who doesn't want his daughter hanging out with the wrong crowd is quite possibly the easiest thing I've ever handled." Sam raises a hand and hits him lightly on the shoulder, but he laughs too. His last laugh fades in his throat, and a comfortable silence falls over the table, punctuated only by occasional noises from the kitchen.

"Wanna go for a walk?" Gabriel suggests, his voice feeling sticky in his throat, which is a sensation that is utterly human and wonderful. Sam nods, words also stuck in his throat, and Gabriel forgets about Heaven for a moment as he holds Sam's gaze.

 

+

 

Dean breaks away almost immediately after it happens, which is predictable. Castiel breaks away at the exact same moment, which is also predictable. They stay there for a few moments, both breathing hard and staring at each other. Castiel's eyes seem more blue than they've ever been before, and Dean looks both scared and exhilarated.

The angel is the first to move forwards once more, and when they kiss again Dean takes his time to adjust, both to the idea and to the feeling. Castiel pushes a little harder, his hands running along and over Dean's shoulders, and he whispers into Dean's lips, "Finally."

Apparently, that is exactly what Dean needs to hear as he closes his eyes and gives into the warmth of Castiel's mouth. Dean's lips are slightly chapped, and he can feel the stubble on Castiel's chin brushing against his own chin, and it feels natural and not-weird-at-all and just sort of right. His hands move to the angel's hips, pushing him towards the counter and then pinning him there. Dean has wanted this for a long time (a part of him suspects that he's wanted this since before he knew he'd wanted this), and he's enjoying it even more than he'd imagined. He opens his eyes again, to discover that Castiel's eyes are still wide open, and almost look a little nervous.

"What," Dean begins gruffly, and his inquiry is cut short as he follows Castiel's gaze towards the entrance to the kitchen, where Karen is staring at them with a delighted smile. The woman is carrying a couple extra dishtowels over her arm as she says, "I'm so happy for you two."

Dean looks at Castiel and then back to Karen and blanches a little, and opens his mouth to deny the entire scenario before he realizes that there's no way he can pass this off as anything other than what it is. He sighs in resignation, and then replies