being offered by Liam. That night, Penny tried to feed herself, while Zayn and Liam secretly held hands hiding it from her view.

 

 

Zayn was pacing back and forth in his living room and was pushing away the temptation in his mind, to throw his phone at the wall. He had to attend a business dinner today but had totally forgotten about it. Since he forgot about the dinner, he forgot to ask someone to accompany him there. He was going through a list of excuses in his mind, when he heard the front door open and Penny rushed towards him. As he picked her up, he saw Liam and Niall enter the house after her.

Penny had asked Liam to take her to the park. But as they were heading out, Niall entered the house and asked Liam to help him plan a date for Harry. So the trio walked to the park and Liam talked to Niall the entire time, helping him with his plan, also while keeping an eye on Penny. (Liam had yet to meet Harry. He only knew Harry from what Niall had told him!)

Niall saw the panic in Zayn’s eyes and asked him what was wrong. As Zayn was explaining it to him, Niall couldn’t help but glance back and forth at Liam with an almost smirk on his face.

“Come on mate! Ask him, will ya?” said Niall.

“But..” said Zayn almost thinking about the idea.

“Who else is gonna say okay in such a short notice?” questioned Niall and added, “Plus. He needs to get out mate. All he does is spend time with Penny, cook, clean and spend more time Penny. No offense but I suggest he deserves a time out dude!”.

Zayn nodded to himself and glanced to where Liam was talking with Penny about what she wanted to do eat for dinner. Zayn asked Niall if he could take Penny with him. “I made plans with Harry, but that’s fine mate.. You know how much we love that girl ya?” said Niall with a shrug, “Have fun with your boy mate.”, Niall added slyly.

Zayn blushed deep red and asked Niall to shut up. He explained it to Liam, minus the time out part, and after Liam agreed, Zayn asked him to get dressed. Zayn explained to Penny that she has to spend the night at Niall and Harry’s and that he would pick her up next morning. She was more than cheerful to hear that, and hugged both Liam and Zayn goodbye before leaving with Niall. Niall left with a “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do”.

Zayn and Liam both stood awkwardly in the living room, just staring at the other. Liam took his leave and went upstairs to get dressed. Zayn waited a beat and then headed towards his room to change.

 

 

It was a small drive from Zayn’s house to the Smith’s. Zayn’s company was making a major deal with Aaron Smith’s company and this dinner was crucial for him to get on Mr. Smith’s good side. He took quick glances towards Liam, who was sat on the passenger seat in a black suit that fitted him gorgeously. Zayn’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets when Liam made his way towards Zayn who was waiting for him in his car. Zayn just wanted to forgo the dinner and take Liam inside, to his bed. Zayn shook those thoughts out of his head and was sat somewhat restrained in his seat.

The duo was welcomed with a grin by Mr. and Mrs. Smith, to their home. The entrance of Zayn with Liam raised a lot of eyebrows in the crowd. Zayn was aware of how it looked. (Zayn always made a habit of going to such dinners alone. If needed, he was always accompanied by either Harry or Louis, who ever were available that night.)

Liam spent the entire night on edge. This was his first time at a dinner like this. Everyone’s outfits screamed rich and felt incredibly as an outcast. (He tried real hard not to bring up scenarios from Titanic.) But he felt rather grounded, when Zayn would tighten his arm that was around Liam’s back. At those times, Liam would breathe a sigh of relief and put on a smile on his face and nod along, making no contribution to the conversation that went on.

After dinner was served, Liam excused himself to go the restroom. After he relieved himself, he was washing his hands, when he saw a man enter the room. Instead of entering a cubicle, the man headed towards and crowded Liam against the sink.

Liam turned around and tried, in vain, to escape the man’s hold. He recognised the man, Mr. Evans, who had made a sly comment about Liam, when introduced. (“Well.. he is quite an eye candy mate. I heard he works for you Zayn? Send him to mine, when you’re done with him eh?”, Mr. Evans had commented. Zayn had just tightened his grip around Liam and led him away from him.)