The look on Jade’s face was a mixture of amusement and something else. Roy wasn’t sure  what  exactly it was, but she was  still  smirking. He wanted her to stop.

Reaching out, he grabbed her by her arms, turning and pinning her against the wall. If she wanted to, Jade could get away from him but she didn’t struggle. He leaned in, his lips crashing into hers. Roy wasn’t wasting any time being sweet or gentle or anything like he  usually  was. He took a page from Jade’s book -- pure aggression. His teeth nipped at her bottom lip before his tongue ran over the surface to soothe where his teeth had just been. Their tongues pushed against each others and he could taste vodka on her tongue. One hand moved down, gripping her ass through her jeans and pulling her too him...and Jade  moaned  into his mouth. Roy swallowed it down, holding back a groan of his own because  fucking hell . She undid him so damn easily.

They pulled away, lips kiss-bruised and red, breathing heavy and a wicked grin  still  on Jade’s face. “Okay.” She breathed. She knew him too well, knew he was about to ask ‘Okay, what?’ because she answered the question. “You can be the only one who kisses me.”

Roy had absolutely no idea what he was getting himself into or  why  exactly he was getting himself into it. All he knew that strings had been pulled and now they were standing in a courthouse. Jade had grabbed some discounted dress -- and even Roy had to admit she looked gorgeous in the knee-length white dress. Had he ever seen Jade in white before? She insisted that he wore a suit, anything to make Jade happy. The papers were already signed and they were just waiting on the Chaplain to make this thing official. No time for second thoughts...but Roy was certain he wanted this. And Jade? He was  pretty  sure she wanted it too. She was still hard to read.

 An older gentleman entered the room, wearing a cheap suit and clearing his throat. “Is it just the two of you today?” He asked, making his way over toward them.

 “Yes.” Jade’s voice sounded annoyed. Did she want other people there or did she just want to get this over with?

 “Alright then, have you written your own vows or…?”

 The couple exchanged glances before shaking their heads. “No,” Roy answered this time. He didn’t seem as annoyed as Jade. “We could if you want to, real quick, I mean.” He added, glancing back toward Jade who shook her head. Roy was silently thankful for that. He was terrible at expressing his feelings, but Jade was worse.

 “Alright. Let’s begin,” The Chaplain said, nodding toward them. Jade and Roy stepped forward, taking each other’s hands. Roy was nervous and he thought, at least for a second, Jade was too. The Chaplain took another glance at the paper with their names on it before beginning, “Roy and Jade, today you celebrate one of life’s greatest moments and give recognition to the worth and beauty of love, as you join together in the vows of marriage. Roy, do you take Jade to be your lawfully wedded wife?”

 Every second leading up to this moment, Roy thought there would be hesitation. “I do.” There wasn’t any.

 “Do you promise to love, honor, cherish, and protect her, forsaking all others and holding only unto her?”

 Again, no hesitation. “I do.”

 “Jade, do you take Roy to be your lawfully wedded husband?” Roy was almost sure this was the moment the rug got swept out from underneath his feet. Jade would laugh and walk away, all of this some sick, twisted joke in her mind.

 Instead, “I do.”

 “Do you promise to love, honor, cherish and protect him, forsaking all others and holding only unto him?”

 “I do.”

 Roy felt it then. He really did,  love  . He was sure he loved Jade before that moment but...that just sealed it. She was jumping head first into his crazy. She knew he wasn’t the  real  Roy Harper and loved him anyway. She had to.

 “And the rings,”

 Roy fumbled in his jacket pocket, grabbing the two plain silver wedding bands and passing his to Jade before taking the one meant for her in his trembling fingers. “I Roy, take thee, Jade, to be my wife. To have and to hold, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer. And I promise my love to you, with this ring, I thee wed.” His blue eyes had been focused on her dark ones and Roy was almost certain he was tearing up -- and he was almost certain Jade was too. He'd never seen her cry before. He carefully slipped the ring onto her fourth finger, his hands  still  trembling.

 Her eyes focused on her ring for