My pupil, you’ve said it well!” With his left leg, Guy easily continued with the squats. “Although such a guy is the Hokage, I intend to assist him perfectly! Okay, today it will be 5,000 one-legged squats!”

“Yes, Guy-sensei!”

Kakashi lifted up his back. He quietly departed from that place.

The next place that he attempted to read the letter was at the storefront of a teahouse.

While he was waiting for the tea to arrive, he opened the letter from her .



Dear Sir, as the Rokudaime Hokage-sama, how have you been? As for me ….



“Oh, Kakashi-sensei”

Turning his eyes, Kakashi watched as Shikamaru and Chouji slowly came around and towards the teahouse.

“What are you reading, Kakashi-sensei?” Chouji asked while he was eating potato chips with a ‘baribari’ crunching sound. “Ah, by any chance, is that a letter from that woman? Kakashi-sensei won over her heart because of an abuse of your authority, right?”

“Excuse me, you said ‘Won over her heart’…”Kakashi hurriedly pushed the letter into his pocket.

“As for you guys, there still seems to be a misunderstanding. However, that happened to be my first command as the Hokage. Well, by no means was that an abuse of authority….”

“Well, don’t say things like that, Chouji” Shikamaru said, covering for Chouji. “Even for Kakashi-sensei, he’s already exceeded over 30 years old.” One or two women, it’s probably not really strange, right?”

“No, that’s why…”

“That person, she was beautiful.” Said Chouji. “But she was middle-aged”

And then while the two of them were grinning, they gazed at Kakashi.

Without even drinking any tea, Kakashi just paid the money. He left the teahouse.

Walking along the main street of the village, the villagers greeted him one by one. However, somehow only in passing, he could hear them giggling.

That’s strange…Kakashi completely thought that he had become overly self-conscious. How does everyone know about the letters that I’ve received from her?

Kakashi walked into an alleyway where there was no one.

Surveying both ends of the alleyway, he could not see the figures of any insistent people. After he affirmed that he was alone, he pulled out the letter from his pocket yet again.



Dear Sir, as the Rokudaime Hokage-sama…



“He’s grinning. How disgusting”

 Quickly turning his head back towards the direction of the voices, Kakashi saw the faces of Sakura, Ino, and Hinata. They were peeping from over the top of the wooden wall.

“Wha!” Startled and horrified, the letter jumped awkwardly inside Kakashi’s hands.

“You-, you-, you guys…. Where did you guys come from!”

“Look at how flustered he is” Ino said. “It’s a guilty conscious in his heart from what happened. That’s why he’s so flustered”

Sakura’s eyes turned towards him, as if she had also seemingly saw something filthy.

“So the rumours are true? “ Hinata said. “I heard that Kakashi-sensei pressured her into an exchange for the post of being the bodyguard of the Hokage…”

“Ah-, ah-ah-, As if such a thing would even happen!” Kakashi shouted.

“Who the heck is distributing such a completely false and unfounded rumour!?”

However, the girls were already not listening. They were whispering and murmuring amongst each other, as if they were three sparrows tweeting with a ‘piichikupaachiku’ sound. They were merely chirping “Ehh, really?”… “It’s unbelievable”… “It’s already to such an extent?”

Kakashi started to walk again.

Somehow or another, it seemed as though the office of the Hokage would be the only location where he could maintain his privacy.

Return onto the main street, he walked trudgingly along. Then, he happened to come across a small crowd. On the opposite side of the crowd, someone was yelling with a loud voice.

Everyone who was gathered there then burst into laughter.

“I’m serious, I saw it with my own eyes ‘dattebayo!” The person who was in the centre of the ring of people… was Naruto.

“Kakashi-sensei tore up the letter that he was writing. He was writing it and then tearing it up, ‘dattebayo….Jeez, that guy was definitely writing a love-letter ‘dattebayo!”

“As the Rokudaime Hokage, I wonder if it’s alright for him to be doing such a thing!” Naruto raised his voice in a happy-go-lucky way. “No, I’m not saying that he didn’t fall in love, but jeez, it’s a little bit of a serious illness ‘dattebayo…. Something like the other day, he was holding a flower. In this way, one by one while plucking off the petals, he was saying