's arms and looked up with the most peculiar expression.

Toudou felt like a deer caught in headlights. Those blue eyes were smoldering, burning into his own. He gulped. “Jinpachi.”

“Y-yes, Maki-chan?” Toudou squeaked.

Whatever Makishima was going to say, it wouldn't have prepared Toudou for what was next. Never in a million years would he be prepared for the beetle witch to surge forward and crush their mouths together, nor would he be ready to have his body shoved against the wall while hands ran everywhere as though Makishima couldn't feel him fast enough.

“W-wait—!” Toudou gulped between demanding kisses, unsure if he was responding, unsure if he even wanted to—he was a dashing ladies man, he wasn't...! Kissing boys wasn't the sort of thing he wanted affecting his image! It didn't matter what he wanted, it seemed. Makishima was on him, intense and hungry, exploring his mouth aggressively and sending strange tremors through Toudou's captive body.

Toudou had a feeling he knew what the potion he'd just brewed was meant for.

Shit.

And so Toudou experienced several firsts in rapid succession. First kiss. First sloppy makeout session. First time allowing someone to pet him, grope him, all with desperate fervor.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

First, Toudou tried denial.

It was short lived. Toudou pinched his thigh and even attempted to convince himself that he was still dreaming, that Makishima would never touch him like this no matter what potion he'd swallowed. That he must have fallen and hit his head and somewhere he was bleeding out on the concrete. Erh, well—maybe not that far. Too depressing. Too morbid. Toudou was, of course, much too young, much too beautiful to die.

Anger came next, though it was about as pointless as denial. Not that he was angry at Makishima—no, Toudou knew he'd gotten himself into this mess. A beginner potion shop! He hadn't even read the name of the place, just waltzed in because of course it was tea, why should he stop and think that a shop carrying herbal packets was anything magical when he was clearly only down an alleyway that catered to just that?!

Oh, but it had been an honest mistake. Being too hard on himself wasn't productive. For a moment Toudou did feel quite depressed, however. How long the potion would last, he didn't know. A few hours? Forever? Could he possibly brew an antidote?

Finally, acceptance. With the beetle witch attached to his body like he'd been glued there, Toudou had no chance to sneak off to the large potion book in Makishima's workshop. Hell, he didn't even know if Makishima's book would have an antidote, much less if the ingredients would miraculously be on hand. For that matter, Toudou just didn't trust himself with the complicated cutting, slicing, pulverizing nonsense that Makishima seemed so gifted at.

(What if he had to declaw a kitten or skin a baby goat or something else equally evil?)

And so Toudou experienced several firsts in rapid succession. First kiss. First sloppy makeout session. First time allowing someone to pet him, grope him, all with desperate fervor.

Quite often he found himself with a hand squeezing a bit too low on his back or hips knocked against his own by an overeager fangirl, but this was different, he knew. Cool hands traveled over his pectorals and down his sides, caressed his hips and probably would have gone for the gold had Toudou not slapped them away in a panic.

The Sleeping Beauty had become used to accusations that he was nothing more than a pretty face or that he was downright airheaded like Manami-kun, but he was taking note of several things all at once. One, that Makishima was intent but thoroughly clumsy. Their noses squished together, and their teeth had clacked a few times. When Makishima drew air, he didn't quite get the angle right when he came in for more kisses.

Despite his initial protest at another member of his own sex touching him in such a way, Toudou also noted that he was responding. Maybe not enthusiastically, maybe not hot-headed and full of lust like Makishima, but responding. Slowly at first, he had pressed his lips back to the cold mouth that demanded him. The messy slide of their tongues had ignited something low in his belly. It spread heat across his skin and left him nearly breathless.

Toudou couldn't decide whether it mattered. His parents were old fashioned, a bit close minded even. Arakita had made quips about his orientation before, but that tended to be what teenage boys did more than a real assumption. Whatever happened in this cliffside home had remained perfectly secret—why should this be different? The only alarm going off in the back of his mind as of yet was that Makishima was going to be furious. For his mentor’s sake, and maybe a little for his own,