at a thrift store. He stood in front of the mirror, finger toying with the zipper on Liam’s jacket. He took a deep breath, unzipping it and letting it fall off his shoulders to the floor. He was still skinny. Not much hip width, but there was less angles and more softness to his body. It was weird to look at him, like he wasn’t him. His breasts were small, maybe a b-cup, he wasn’t sure. Perky as hell though, so he supposed he could thank the genie for that. Sighing, he pulled off the gym shorts with a quick tug.

The genie hadn’t magically made his skin smooth and hairless with the sex change, and it was obvious when he was completely naked. Just as he was a male, his body hair was rather sparse. Thinner than he was used to, however. He ran his hands over the curly pubes, flushing. It felt like he was violating a body that wasn’t his to touch. He scrambled, grabbing boxers from the open suitcase on the ground, pulling them on. He avoided looking in the mirror as he chose some jeans. They didn’t fit well at all. His male body seemed a bit thicker around the waist. Wider? He didn’t know the term. He sighed, letting the jeans fall, and grabbed a pair of old, comfy sweatpants. He tightened the drawstring so they didn’t fall and picked out a simple shirt. God, he looked absolutely ridiculous in these clothes, but it didn’t matter. Deaton would set him right by the end of the day, so he only had to look weird for a few hours.

“Isaac? Scott called, said Deaton needed to talk to you,” Lydia said, knocking on the door. Isaac sighing, nodding his head.

“Okay, be out in a second.” Isaac called, looking at himself in the mirror. This was all too bizarre. Absolutely and utterly bizarre.

Pulling on his oversized shoes, he slumped out to the living room, grabbing his leather jacket off the hook and pulling it on. Chris offered a concerned smile but Isaac could see the pain in his eyes. He wanted to say he was sorry, that he wasn’t thinking when he made the wish. That, if he could do it over again, he would wish for Allison back. He said nothing.

Lydia drove him over the clinic, casting concerned glances to him along the way. The pack had gathered. Kira, Stiles, Malia, everyone that wasn’t working or otherwise indisposed. Isaac crossed his hands over his chest, self-conscious of his body and of how fucking cold it was in the clinic. Embarrassed, he watched the floor while Scott explained to everyone what was happening now. No one said anything as Deaton led Isaac into a private examination room to talk.

“Can you tell me the exact wording of your wish?” Deaton asked softly, feeling Isaac’s neck for glands or something. He didn’t know. Guess he needed a check-up anyways. Make sure everything was still in working order. Isaac nodded numbly.

“I said ‘I just wish everything could be different’, why?”

“Seems she could, uh, artistic liberty with the wish,” Deaton said coolly. Isaac growled, but the vet just continued on, unfazed. “I’m not sure there’s anything we can do. Genies are very strict with their rules, and taking back wishes is considered a great taboo in their culture. In fact, even asking a genie to take back a wish is a death wish. It’s considered rude. The best we can hope for is for someone, perhaps Scott’s mother or the Sheriff, to rub the lamp and wish to have you be a boy again. But that might not work.”

Isaac’s heart sank. He was stuck like this? As a girl? Until when? Forever? “Why?” He asked softly, tucking his hair behind his ear so Deaton could check his ears.

“Well, Genies have this rule made for creatures who live in groups like werewolves or vampires. A pack, or coven, or group, has one wish per decade. It’s to make sure the group just doesn’t pass around the lamp, wishing for whatever they want. Genies are designed to give humans an even playing field against the supernatural; if the supernatural could abuse that power, the genies would find it unbalanced. If the genie considers any humans associated with the pack to be in the pack, then she won’t grant their wishes. Stiles is out of the question; he’s submitted too many times to Scott, not to mention the Nogitsune. He’s stuck in a grey plane between human and creature at this point,” Deaton explained calmly, continuing to make sure Isaac was in good health.

“There’s…nothing? Nothing we can do?” Isaac asked weakly, looking at the doctor.

“I’m afraid not, Isaac