help from Kyungsoo and his boyfriend, Kai, they managed to retrieve a lot of things from the burnt house. They also collected the photo but it was so worrying that time that Baekhyun neglected it. He just pinned the photo on the wall in their room.

 "Are you alright?" Kyungsoo asked Baekhyun in the kitchen.

 "Why wouldn't I be." Baekhyun hadn't look up from chopping the vegetables.

 "No, I mean that day. You left without telling any of us. And you lied to Chanyeol didn't you?" Kyungsoo asked.

 Baekhyun stayed silent.

 "So you don't want to be with him again? The both of you can start over, do you know that?"

 "I don't want to hurt him again."

 "You won't. I promise you."

 "He wouldn't love me the way he did."

 "You never know. He just lost his memories."

 "He wouldn't remember me, Kyungsoo."

Baekhyun put the knife down.

 "Why aren't you believing anymore? I thought you always read books, I'm sure one of them contains such."

 "No..They don't. It's all fantasy." Baekhyun looked at Chanyeol sleeping on the sofa. He then sighed.

 "Leave the cooking to me. Go accompany him." Kyungsoo shooed him away.

 Kyungsoo visited them every evening, to cook dinner for the couple. Sometimes he will visit them with Kai. But the other days, Baekhyun is alone with Chanyeol. It was awkward. But it is much more worse than the first time they met. Chanyeol always did his own things, watching the TV, staring into space. He never asked Baekhyun anything about the incident back in the hospital. Maybe he had forgotten.

 

Baekhyun hadn't been talking to Chanyeol much. Only for a few times but the feelings aren't there. He missed the time when the two of them are so close together. Baekhyun didn't tell Chanyeol anything about their old memories together.

 One night, while Baekhyun was cleaning the house, he got into the bedroom. His and Chanyeol's bed room. He was about to be done when the photo fell. Dramatic. Baekhyun picked it up and stared at it. Months ago, they did this. He turned it around, then he saw the message. Baekhyun held back the tears and went to take a marker. He then replied beside it and pinned it back.

 They spent another 4 months together. Baekhyun was surprised that Chanyeol never asked why the both of them are living together under the same roof. Maybe he accepted the fact that they were boyfriends but in another way.

 Chanyeol, despite the fact that he hadn't been talking to his boyfriend much, he knew his presence. Most of the time, Baekhyun doesn't talk to him. And he wondered about his conversation with Kyungsoo in the hospital. Woke up. Accident. Baekhyun. Over reacting. Boyfriend. It all happened too fast for him that he doesn't know what to talk about first. He thought Baekhyun could help fill in.

 

Days later, Baekhyun was going back home from Kai's little lecture about being isolated from Chanyeol. Kyungsoo and Chanyeol were at home, watching the TV again. Something that is very common in the house. Sometimes Baekhyun regretted not explaining anything to Chanyeol.

 Maybe..Maybe today when I get back... He thought.

 He was walking, with his headphones on. He was usually alert on the road. But not today. He watched as the red light turned green. Everyone else began to walk as normal. But one car broke the rules and drive straight.

 

"What do you mean?" Kyungsoo looked at Chanyeol, who was peacefully watching the Korean news.

 Kyungsoo sighed as the nurse from the hospital sounded more and more negative in the phone.

 "I...I understand.." Kyungsoo closed his eyes then opened it again after the nurse stopped.

"Thank you."

 "Chanyeol."

 Chanyeol looked at him. Kyungsoo still remembered his unreadable expression.

 

Still wearing his black suit, he sat at the edge of his bed. He couldn't stop thinking. He didn't feel sad at all in the funeral. He saw Kyungsoo crying very hard and Kai was comforting him. Chanyeol had to go back home alone because Kai was too busy to drive him. He looked around the bedroom, something he had never done in a long time ever since he came. A telescope and camera were placed neatly on the table nearby. He saw the both of them engraved with his initials. He then stood up, tracing the wall. Many photographs and paintings were being hung there. Chanyeol once neglected them. He stopped at one. And he felt a strong sensation. He took it and stared at it. The both of them were once happy. Together. He stared at Baekhyun. He found himself smiling unconsciously.

 "Who are you really?" He whispered to himself. He then flipped the photo out of curiosity.

 Then a single drop of tear fell.

 If only he could have