. "Later. I hope you saved me some hot water. And stop leaving your towels on the floor, it drives me crazy"

"Neat freak," Rodney muttered, but bent down to retrieve the towel.

When John came out of the shower, Rodney had dressed and was sitting on the bed checking his e-mail. John put his clothes on and quietly cursed the knee-brace while he tried to get his newly-awakened brain around the fact that he was out. My best friend knows I'm gay, he thought, trying it out in his head. My best friend knows I'm gay and I've spent the night in his guestroom together with my boyfriend. It felt okay, like he could get used to it, get it to fit with the rest of his life.

He managed to get down the stairs on his own, a little victory in its own right, and entered the kitchen where sunlight was streaming through the windows, reflecting off the yellow lacquered cupboards. Hawk and Megan were sitting at the kitchen table, both looking like they had been up for a while. Hawk was reading the paper, Megan was gurgling something in baby-speak to Anna. It was the perfect picture of domesticity and John was struck by a sudden jolt of jealousy until he felt Rodney's hand in the small of his back and leaned into the warmth of the touch.

Megan looked up as they entered the kitchen. "Good morning! Did you sleep well?"

John smiled and said, "Sure, thanks", while Rodney's response was, "Please tell me there's coffee?"

"Don't be an ass, Rodney", John said, but it came out sounding like an endearment and a feeling of rightness welled up inside him. This was his Rodney, the one he knew, and not the overly polite stranger from yesterday.

Megan just laughed and poured Rodney a mug, which he quickly inhaled and then asked for a refill. John accepted a cup of coffee of his own, some eggs and toast and, at Rodney's insistence, declined the orange juice ("Drink that poison and I swear I will make you brush your teeth with chlorine."). He stole the sports section of the paper from Hawk and leaned back in his chair, chewing on his toast. Rodney's hand was resting possessively on his knee under the table and John felt pretty good about it all.

Too good, an evil little voice in the back of his head whispered. Too good to be true.

John turned a page and told the voice to shut up.

* * *

The thing was, John reflected a little later, he never expected good things to happen to him. Things like Rodney, things like Sacramento and the new life he had begun to create for himself there. He wasn't a pessimist; he'd always considered the world a pretty cool place to live in, and he found his joy in the small things. Flying, ferris wheels, a cold beer on a warm day, that first gentle stretch when Rodney's fingers breached his body. But experience had taught him that whenever something went right with his life, it was only a matter of time before it turned around and went to shit again. He'd learned to roll with the punches and come out standing. He'd just never considered the possibility that he would one day find someone who wanted to stand beside him.

That sort of thing didn't happen to John Sheppard and somehow he kept expecting the other shoe to drop.

Hawk and Megan suggested a trip to the Airborne and Special Operations Museum and it felt like a nice way to spend a Saturday, strolling (or in John's case, hopping) around and looking at the exhibitions. Hawk had always had a special interest for military history and kept spouting trivia while Megan jokingly rolled her eyes. She was pushing Anna in a stroller and Hawk walked beside her, his arm draped around her waist.

"They look happy, don't you think?" Rodney said softly to John as the two of them had sat down so that John could get off his leg for a while. He sounded like it was something completely unexpected, and John wanted to go back in time and punch Rodney's parents in the face, and then his own father too, for good measure.

The truth was, Hawk and Megan were one of the reasons for why John had not given up on relationships altogether. Their marriage seemed perfect, and even though John knew they'd had their fair share of bumps on the road, they had not allowed anything to split them up. It was what John had always stupidly dreamed about but never really allowed himself to hope for. Now, with Rodney, it was hovering just within reach. If he only could keep from screwing up.

Hawk was completely mesmerised by the museum's pride and joy - a completely restored WACO CG-4A glider. "Half the soldiers of an airborne division arrived at the battlefield in one of these beauties," he told John. "They haven't