stopped, turning around to Merlin, who was riding behind him, with a frown.

''Alright, what's wrong?'' he asked.

Merlin looked around, trying not to meet Arthur's eyes. ''Nothing.''

''Merlin.''

''Why should there be anything wrong?'' Merlin asked defensively. It wasn't as if Arthur could read his mind or anything.

Arthur, though, looked at him as if he was the worst kind of idiot, which only made Merlin bristle even more inside.

''You're silent,'' Arthur said.

Merlin raised his eyebrows.

''Merlin. Normally I'd have told you to shut up seven times already since we left the castle because your mouth doesn't bloody stop. Ever.''

''I thought you'd like it better that way.''

''Well... stop thinking then!'' Arthur snapped in obvious exasperation.

Merlin frowned at him dubiously, but kicked his horse to ride up to Arthur's side. It was always best to try to indulge His Royal Highness, or Merlin would only make this even harder on himself.

''So...'' he said with a fake cheerful smile as soon as he had come to a stop next to Arthur. ''Where are we going?''

It was Arthur who scowled at him now. Really, there was no pleasing the prince when he was in a mood.

''To the pond.''

Merlin frowned.

''The pond?''

''Yes.''

''I thought you wanted to hunt?''

''Well, I changed my mind, Merlin.''

''Wha-... I've been lugging about all your stuff!'' Merlin groused indignantly.

''You're sitting on a horse, Merlin. It's not like you carried my crossbow yourself all the way, so... stop complaining! Okay?''

Merlin bit back an angry retort, and followed Arthur when he urged his horse forwards.

~*~

When they reached the pond, they tethered the horses to a nearby tree.

''So...'' Merlin looked at Arthur expectantly. ''What now?''

''The weather has been nice for a while, so I thought a swim might be a good idea,'' Arthur said, starting to pull of his tunic.

Merlin nodded.

He took down the blanket Arthur had strangely enough insisted he'd bring on their hunting trip, as well as their provisions, setting them out under the shade of a birch tree.

''What are you waiting for, Merlin?'' Arthur called a little while later, when Merlin stood around, next to the blanket, feeling silly and useless.

''What?'' Merlin shouted back. He had no idea what it was he'd supposedly forgotten now.

Arthur, standing in the pond with the water up to his waist, rolled his eyes at him. ''Well get off your clothes and get in the water! Don't be such a girl, it isn't even cold!''

''You want me to-?''

''Well, that's what we're here for, isn't it?''

Merlin very nearly pointed out that he had no idea what they were here for, but thought it more prudent to comply. He hastily kicked off his boots and slipped out of his tunic and trousers, and then gingerly waded into the water where a tousled and grinning Arthur waited for him. It was such an unusual look on Arthur that Merlin couldn't help but smile back.

''What now?'' Merlin asked when he was next to Arthur in the deep water.

Arthur shook his head as if he couldn't believe Merlin had asked this, put one of his broad hands on top of Merlin's head, and simply pushed him under the water. When Merlin came back up, spluttering and spitting out half of the ponds contains, Arthur said with a smirk, ''Now you relax and enjoy yourself.''

Merlin glared at Arthur, but then thought better of it and dunked the blond prat with a broad smile that stayed right where it was, even when Arthur broke through the surface with an indignant scowl, shaking his hair out of his face.

''Merlin!'' he exclaimed, rubbing at his eyes and glaring at Merlin, but with the corners of his mouth twitching suspiciously. ''You can't just dunk the crown prince!''

''Says who?'' Merlin retorted, and there was nothing fake about his smile now.

''Oh, you just wait!'' Arthur threatened, and then the fight was on.

Of course Arthur being Arthur, and also a trained knight, got the better of Merlin who had no way to use the single weapon who'd have granted him a rare victory over his friend and master. But it wasn't important, Merlin thought as he waded out of the pond a while later, shaking with laughter and wiping the water out of his eyes.

He let himself fall down onto the blanket, stretching out in the flickering sunlight that filtered through the leaves.

''So what's the purpose of this whole trip?'' he asked Arthur when he slumped down next to him.

''You still don't know that?'' Arthur asked. ''I know you're a bit of an