snorts out of nowhere and he and bambam dissolve into laughter until they notice yugyeom's blank expression. "you okay?"

 

"i don't know what that means," he mutters. he's embarrassed but not totally sure why. if the gaping expressions on the other boys' faces are anything to go by, he really shouldn't be confused about the term.

 

"do they not teach sex ed where you're from?" bambam half-jokes, but he falters at the solemn shake of yugyeom's head. he's been going to a religious school up until now, too conservative for him to know anything detailed at all. sex makes babies, he knows, but he doesn't have a clue how. he only now realizes that perhaps that isn't exactly normal.

 

"well, i'm not gonna teach him," bambam grunts after a minute, hopping off his bunk and calling "i'm making noodles!" over his shoulder as he leaves the room.

 

yugyeom stares with huge curious eyes at jackson expectantly. "hyung?" he asks, brotherly term rolling off his tongue with ease. he wants an explanation but the uncomfortable face the older harbours is unnerving.

 

"i don't wanna go into detail," jackson stammers. "they'll probably teach you more about this stuff when you start high school in a year and a bit. but it's, um." he cleans his throat. "touching yourself."

 

immediately yugyeom goes rigid—touch yourself echoes in his ears, but in a girl's voice. "what?"

 

"you know. down there."

 

"oh," he says. then panic sets in. "no, no, you won't—y-you won't make me do that, will you? i don't want to right now." the tremor in yugyeom's voice is far too noticeable.

 

jackson stares at him and it's clear he has no idea what to do. "yugyeom-ah," he says slowly, reaching one hand out to comfort the younger and withdrawing when he's met with a flinch. "no one is going to make you do that, okay? that's something you only do when you wanna. in private and when you feel like it."

 

nothing is making much sense. jackson's explanation seems perfectly legitimate but it just doesn't add up. why would someone touch themselves there if they didn't have to? just imagining it makes yugyeom feel unclean as ever. he shudders under jackson's watchful eye. "i won't do that," he promises shakily. "in the shower or anywhere else. don't worry about it."

 

"okay," jackson agrees. there's still an undertone to his voice halfway from concern to suspicion, over what, yugyeom's unsure. for now he just focuses on banishing the sudden intrusive memories of yeeun standing over him and forcing him to—what was the term? jerk off.

 

"do you guys want noodles?" bambam shrieks suddenly from the kitchen, effectively snapping yugyeom out of his thoughts and jackson out of watching him worriedly. thanks, yugyeom thinks, as if bambam can read his mind.

 

that night yugyeom meets the other resident in their dorm, sixteen-year-old mark tuan, another foreigner. he's taiwanese but from america and trained in martial arts like jackson. it takes all of four minutes for yugyeom to feel almost at home with the three older boys as they make conversation over leftover lunch noodles.

 

"think of what an awesome dance team we'll make after more training," jackson blurts in a lull between chatting. he's met with various enthusiastic agreements. yugyeom grins wide at the prospect, his first real smile in this dorm. and, it feels like, his first real smile in quite a long time.

 

jyp entertainment wastes no time, yugyeom comes to discover. within his first week in the company he's started to train at least half of every day, plus an hour of lessons in a foreign language of his choosing—he picks english. mark and jackson are both fluent, so he figures he won't have much trouble picking up phrases here and there.

 

taking english with him is park jinyoung. not the company owner, no, a teenager who looks around jackson's age. jinyoung is pretty and fun and easy to get along with, and though he knows about as much about the language as yugyeom, he still tries to help the younger boy out at any given opportunity. it's nice, yugyeom thinks, having so many people who seem to genuinely like and care for him.

 

time flies. he visits home maybe once a month and not much there ever seems to change. once, he hears talk of yeeun having found a boyfriend at her community college. idly he wonders if she tries to play a game like theirs with her boyfriend. yugyeom is starting to recognize without noticing that perhaps their game was never much of a game at all.

 

when he's fourteen he begins high school