her pocket, waves a scrap of paper. "He wrote me a dear John letter."

Sam takes it, stands, holds it up to the shaft of light, squints at the scrawled words.

"What condition was he in?" Bobby says from behind Sam, and Hudak huffs.

"Perky. Chatty. Perky, chatty dead man walking, basically. His leg…"

Sam glances back, sees her shaking her head at Bobby.

"His leg was a mess."

"Did the thing come back?" Sam asks. "Or Bender?"

Hudak bites her lip. "Not the wendigo, but Bender was hovering around the cabin as I left. I shot him full of rock salt and phhttt. I heard you shouting… and then that thing came out of nowhere, I didn't even have time to aim at it." Her tone is astonishment, disbelief. "You were right behind the cabin all along. Jesus… who writes this stuff?"

Sam rolls his eyes, looks up at the opening above. "How tall are you?"

"Five five," she tells him, and she sounds doubtful as she adds, "And please don't tell me you're planning to toss me up there."

"We've been trying to get up there," Bobby confirms wearily. "Maybe if we can get you up on Sam's shoulders, you can make a grab for the rope."

Hudak peers up herself, to where the moonlight is glowing overhead. "The moon," she murmurs. "It's still red."

Bobby glances up at Sam, back at her. "It means we don't have much time," he says, and her head shoots around, her hand flying up to the back of her skull as she yelps.

"Christ…" She breathes deep for a minute. "Who's next, Bobby?" she asks. "Has it finished with the others?"

Bobby clears his throat. "We, uh, think it might have finished with them," he says quietly.

"You're next," she breathes.

"I'm next," he confirms. "But it's dark, so it might not be back now till sunup. Gives us some time."

"Help me up," she says, reaching up a hand, and Sam heaves her up onto her feet, steadies her as she rocks.

"I'm ready," she says, and she smiles weakly.

And then the weird thing is that Sam is snatched away, wrestled to the ground, and he can see her falling, see Bobby catching her, has no clue what the hell is happening to him, only that he's being spun, tossed, crashed up against the walls, along to the accompaniment of shouts and cries from afar. And then he's pinned by a vise-like grip at his throat, and he remembers in that split second that the wendigo moved house, moved house because it was lonely and because its roommate didn't like the neighborhood, didn't like the iron, because he's staring into pig eyes, penetrating eyes, doughy folds of flesh. Up this close he could swear Lee is sweating, and he wonders if ghosts actually can or if it might be suspended animation sweat, the glisten of sweat that was slicking Bender's skin when Sam was pummeling him back then, when he was sinking the knife in and feeling it grind through vertebrae, twisting it to make damned sure there was no coming back. No coming back… how fucking ironic is that, Sam thinks, as his vision begins to speckle wildly, like the floaters he counts on the screen behind his eyelids every night as he drifts off all escaped and took over the world, because they're floating everywhere now.

And then, abruptly, his knees buckle and he crumples down on to his butt, sucking in oxygen. Bender is gone and Bobby is on his knees in front of Sam, big hands gripping his face.

"Sam? You with us?"

"What the hell just happened?" Sam chokes out, and then Bobby is waving a bottle of water under his nose. He takes it gratefully, gulps a mouthful as Hudak drifts into view.

"Salt," she says, and she's holding something up in front of Sam's face, swinging it from side to side.

"That's a tube sock," he rasps, reaches up to rub his neck. "God."

"A tube sock full of salt," she says, reaching in for a pinch of the white stuff and tossing it over her left shoulder. "Might as well keep the devil at bay while we're here." And she's laughing, almost maniacal, maybe even tearful. "Jesus. I'm fighting off ghosts with a tube sock of salt. If they could see me now."

Bobby pushes up, takes her arm, guides her over to the opposite wall and sits her down, and then he's back. "Her pockets are full of salt too," he says, admiringly. "Woman thinks