Your name is John Egbert and you are an idiot. 

You literally cannot believe what you just did. 

You were sitting in front of your computer, staring at the blue text on the screen that clashed with the red. It hurt your eyes, but they looked nice together.

 -- ectobiologist [EB] began pestering turntechGodhead [TG] -- 

 EB: hey daveee. TG: sup johnEB: dave dave i have to tell you sumthing okay?TG: finally admitting that nic cage sucks and that im awesomeEB: nix cage is toal dave you know thst!TG: sure he is now whats up egbertEB: its reelly weird so don't likeTG: egbert whats wrongEB: what do yoi mean?TG: are you drunkTG: tell me youre not drunk egbert

(You were drunk. Very drunk.)


EB: i'm not drunk!!!EB: see look.EB: perfect syndex.TG: do you know how long that took youEB: no...TG: twenty five minutes johnTG: twentyTG: fiveTG: minutesEB: no ir hasn't been that ling!11TG: whatever johnTG: just tell me whats upEB: whst makes you think somethings upTG: youre drunkEB: mayne i like to get drink!!!!TG: that had to be the most ironic thing youve ever done johnTG: i applaud youTG: so stop bullshitting meTG: you even said you had something to tell me so spillEB: spikk?TG: noTG: spillTG: as in spill the beansTG: youve been throwing rocks at the canTG: its tipping overTG: the bean spilling is unavoidableEB: watTG: wow are you even trying johnEB: umTG: johnTG: what that fuck is going onEB: i like youTG: yeah no shitEB: ni!!EB: i mwnaEB: stile typosTG: dude i have no fucking idea what you are trying to sayTG: sorry but i dont speak drunkEB: >3TG: what kind of emote is thatEB: nchdhsoskdheuTG: worse emote everEB: nooooEB: fukc irEB: w8TG: ew eightEB: i live uTG: wow nice egbert im glad youve decided to let me know how you live your lifeTG: i feel honored EB: PMH EB: IBIJNFEGBKJBGKJREKJBWKJBNGRKBREKJBGPWKJ3T43J'W3RTF34JFT432=TGF


————————







==> Be worried.







You cannot be worried because the person you think you are isn't worried he is exasperated and really wants to be sober and not the idiot that he is!







You are actually Dave Strider.







And you are worried as fuck.







You are worried because you are pretty sure you know what your best bro is trying to say through his drunkenness, you are pretty sure you know why he got drunk, and you are 100% sure you do not want him to say what he wants to say so desperately, he got drunk off his ass to do.







You also happen to know that John does not handle his alcohol well. As in, one can and he's already tipsy. Three cans and he's already drunk. Five cans? He's talking about pranking the president







By putting a bucket over the door to his bedroom. (You once had to cancel a flight to DC because of this.)







==> You can now be the drunkie. 

Hey you're not a drunkie! This is the first time that you've ever even <em>gotten</em> drunk! But whatever, you are much to drunk to even be scolding the narrator.

Besides, you have to worry about Dave and whether or not he's figured it out or not. You had been hoping that he would've gotten it, and that the conversation would've ended with something along the lines of this:







EB: so yeah i really like you.TG: thatsTG: thats really fucking awesome egbert im so happyTG: egbert lets get marriedEB: can it be nic cage themed?TG: i wouldnt have it any other wayTG: :DTG: wait i forgot my shadesTG: BDEB: dave i love so much!EB: <3TG: <3




now lets get back to pestering orrrrrr?