for personal space had them standing so close that Dean could feel his breath when Cas spoke. “I’m not sure what you think this curse is about, but it’s not just sex. That’s what got you into this.”

“Yeah, I know, I need to be ‘truly loved’.” Saying it out loud made Dean wince, and he could hear the sneer in his voice. “But do we really have to talk about it? Can’t we just….”

Dean’s words, and thoughts, stilled when Castiel’s hand lifted from Dean’s arm to his face. The sensation of Cas’s thumb slowly stroking his cheek was so sweet and intimate, and so unexpected, it demanded all of his attention, as if his entire existence had been reduced to that one touch.

“You need to believe it, Dean; you need to accept it. Otherwise the curse will remain intact.” Cas spoke to him in a hushed, deep tone, causing Dean to lean in even closer. “It isn’t about my loving you; it’s about you needing to accept that I love you, that you are worth loving”. 

“That’s not,” Dean’s voice was hoarse, and he coughed and sniffled before he could finish his sentence. “Sam didn’t say anything about that.”

“Yes, well, please trust that I know what I’m talking about.”

Cas continued to touch him, his face, his neck, his ear, and Dean’s tireless libedo was all for it. The ear stroking in particular brought up goosebumps all over his back and arms. Cas pulled Dean in tight against him, strong arm wrapping around Dean’s back, holding him up as much as holding him close. It felt good, to let Cas hold him, as if the weight of his own body was a burden. He was exhausted, and horny, and at the end of his rope. It was terrifying, what Cas was saying, more than any demon, ghost, or monster could ever be.

“It’s all right, Dean.” Cas whispered, practically purring as he leaned in, their foreheads touching. “I know we’ve had some difficult times between us in the past, but that’s where they stay, in the past.” 

Then Castiel kissed him, a warm, dry press of lips against Dean’s. 

“We share a profound bond, Dean, but what I feel for you goes far beyond that. In fact, I know you so deeply that I know my words alone could never convince you, could never make you understand.”

As he spoke, Cas slowly, gently moved Dean the short distance to the bed. Everything took on a very dream-like quality, and Dean felt as if he were floating more than shuffling his steps along with Cas. He let Cas guide him to sit on the edge of the bed, barely having enough sense left to wipe his runny nose with a Kleenex from the box that Sam had thrown at him earlier. 

Cas dropped to his knees and carefully took off Dean’s boots, and then his socks, as Dean just stared at him, dumbfounded. When he finished, Cas looked up, eyes bright and unguarded, a shy smile on his face.

“It will be my extreme pleasure to convince you with my actions rather than words. I want nothing more than to show you how precious you are to me.”

“Jesus, Cas.” Dean tentatively reached his hand out to run through Cas’s hair. Castiel leaned his head into Dean’s hand, his eyes falling shut. Causing such a telling reaction from an angel, his angel, made Dean ache. “I have no idea what to do with all this.”

His voice was rough, partly from his cold, but mostly from all the lust and fear and need suddenly rushing through him. Maybe if he’d been one hundred percent he’d have been able to put up some sort of defense, make a joke or something, but he wasn’t. He was a physical wreck, and possibly the most emotionally vulnerable he’d ever been. Considering his situation, he realized that this might be a good thing, even if it did make him want to run as far and fast as he could.

Cas’s hair was soft and thick between his fingers. When Cas opened his eyes they locked on Dean’s, warm and blue and full of so much more than Dean had ever seen there before. At least he wasn’t the only who was vulnerable here. Cas rose slowly, never taking his eyes from Dean’s.

“Just believe me, that’s all you have to do.” His hand curled around Dean’s shoulders as he gently pushed Dean to lie back on the bed.

Dean let out a sound that was somewhere between a laugh and a gasp, a sound full of awe and disbelief.

“You make it sound so easy, Cas.”

“Well,” Castiel was gently maneuvering them to