of the door, while there was one crouched over a body by the drive through. I tapped Iago on the shoulder and pointed to the drive through door. He nodded, signalling that it was as clear as it was going to get. I then tried to predict the situation of the interior of the restaurant. Looking at the broken planks on the door, it seemed like others had previously tried to hide there, but gave up on it. Maybe one of them became the drive through body.

Before we could make any decisions, a high-pitched scream echoed towards us. All the zombies around us started moving away from the restaurant, towards the high-rise buildings 6 blocks away. The scream was clearly female, throwing Iago straight into panic.

"Shit. What if that was Zoe?" he whispered frantically. His eyes were wide open as he swallowed frantically.

"I don't think she went that way," I replied with as little panic in my voice as possible. I honestly didn't think she went that way. And she would know to come to McDonald's, right? Right?! She wouldn't be going in that direction...

"I need to make sure. I'm going out," Iago barely finished before running out of the bushes.

"Wait - " I tried to call him back, but right as I stood up, he ran smack dab into Zoe.

"Oh Thank God!" Iago pulled Zoe in tight, first whispering his relief into her shoulder, then peppering her neck and ear with tiny kisses.

Behind her stood Bonehead, arms drooping, panting with a bloody knife in his hand.

"I'm so glad to see you guys, I was hoping -- Where's Norie?" I said as relief quickly swept back into panic.

"I...have no...idea..." Bonehead said between breaths.

Iago stood up straight, pulling away from Zoe, as if he had just had an epiphany. "Does that mean...?" He didn't have to complete the question. We all knew what that meant. That scream was the end of our dear friend. She managed to help us, with her life.

We ventured into McDonald's, a new death settling in our minds. Inside, they tapped at machines in hopes of leftover pop. They managed to find a few bottles of water and a bottle of Pepsi. That pleased Bonehead. I sat down at a booth while they rummaged, the fresh death too much for my body to take. I choked on air as I lay my head on the table, the sick feeling creeping back over me. The apocalypse didn't seem to affect the others as much emotionally as it did Norie and I, and now with her gone...I was alone with no one to understand this sick feeling. Perhaps it was because she was only visiting that she knew that there was a slim chance for her to ever see her family again. Perhaps it was the strangeness of her surroundings that ultimately led to her demise. I never even thought about the conversation of our meeting spot until I was absolutely lost. How could she have known where to go? How could we have been so stupid to not have mentioned this plan even once? Fuck. Fuck my own stupidity. We could have avoided this...Why is this happening? Why...

With that, I finally broke down in tears.

 

 

October 2nd. My phone battery finally gave out. From here on out, I'll slowly lose my concept of time. I chucked the pink phone far into the distance. Goodbye pre-apocalyptic civilization. The phone had served me a great amount of years. It still stored a few pictures of the good days. Ever since Norie's death, I had pulled my phone out to briefly sift through the precious pictures, especially the ones from our Easter sleepover. Norie using Gabriella's hair as a moustache, the attractive faces Sam made while wearing the silly sunglasses Zoe gave me. Then there were pictures from shopping with Zoe and Iago, visiting kittens at Sam's house with Bonehead, of Iago clad in his pink halloween costume, of Gabriella wearing her hoodie like an Eskimo one day after summer school. All these events seemed to have occurred in a different life. A life where the lack of food and fight for survival was never a nagging need in the back of one's head. It never crossed our minds. We sat and hoped for a zombie apocalypse to come, and now that it's here, I don't know how much more I can take. I wasn't one to be eager to shower on lazy winter nights, but what I wouldn't give to feel warm water on my skin, cleansing me of all the evil I have seen.

At 5 weeks, I would have expected us to be in Alaska already...it couldn't be that far, right? But early on, we discovered walking along the highways weren't a sound plan, so we had to cut through shrubbery to provide ourselves with enough camouflage from enemies. At this point