had accidentally felled.

“Uh. Sorry. Again. I mean, I-are you okay?”

“Yeah,” the other man says, grinning at him, “I think I’ll wear my hood down now, just in case.”

Viktor laughs weakly, feeling his face redden. He wants to ask him more. He wants to stay with him. But Yuri shouts at him to move his ass, and Makkachin nudges at his palm, whining.

His airport angel gives him a small smile and a small wave as they part ways.

Viktor is nearly passed out in Yuri’s passenger seat before he realizes that he had never gotten the man’s name.

*

He immediately collapses on the couch as soon as he gets home, flinging down his bags and falling face-first onto the soft cushions. By the time someone wakes him, the sun has already set.

“Hey, wake up!”

Viktor groans, shoving Georgi’s finger away from where it’s poking his side relentlessly. Can’t he just let him wallow in peace? He wants to return to his dream of flying through the skies with his airport angel. They owned a farm where they bred cloud poodles. It was very cute.

“Viktor, have you seen this? I couldn’t stop laughing. I showed the whole store!”

Viktor struggles up, glaring at him. What the hell is he talking about?

Georgi shoves his phone in his face, and Viktor squints at the screen. Some post on Instagram. He freezes.

“I go to college with this guy, and when he posted this I swear I screamed so loud I scared a customer shitless. Who is this? Did you get his number? I need to know!”

There he is. The angel.

It’s a photo of his companion, the smiling one. His grin is wicked, a hand held up coyly to nearly cover it in mock-shock. Behind him, on the floor, are Viktor and Not-Yuri. Except, he seems to be Not-Not-Yuri, because Viktor reads the caption now.


Looks like Yuuri has “fallen” for someone at the airport! @katsu-yuu when’s the wedding??? LOL


Yuuri. His name is Yuuri. That’s why he had responded to him. His airport angel finally has a name, and it’s Yuuri.

“Yuuri,” Viktor says softly. He continues to stare at the photo. The two of them are on the floor, gazing into each other’s eyes. There’s a look passing between them that’s so raw that it almost feels invasive to watch. He takes Georgi’s phone to scroll through the comments, and blushes hard. This guy must be popular, because the photo’s been up for a few hours and already has hundreds of likes and dozens of comments.

There are too many people asking if they kissed, or if Yuuri had gotten the mystery guy’s number. Viktor’s eyes snap to one comment in particular.


This is so embarrassing! I can’t believe you posted this!


Viktor snatches up his own phone, tapping out the username in a hurry, and there he is. Right in front of him.

“Well? Did you?”

Viktor tosses Georgi’s phone back at him and nearly sprints to his own room. He falls backwards onto his bed, his eyes glued to the face on his screen.

Yuuri.

Viktor can’t help but feel like a creep as he slowly scrolls down his profile. His most recent photos are of him and his friend Phichit traveling. Photos of the two of them in Japan, visiting what appears to be Yuuri’s hometown. His family looks so kind and loving, and the hot springs resort that they live in looks cozy and warm. Not-Makkachin’s name seems to be Vicchan, and Viktor entertains the stupid idea that Yuuri might have named his dog after him.

There are photos of them in Thailand where Phichit used to live, and the look of wonder on Yuuri’s face in every photo makes Viktor’s heart soar. What a precious soul. Truly an angel.

He scrolls further, then pauses, his face reddening fast. There’s a photo of Yuuri looking very drunk, stripped down to a pair of tight briefs, gripping a pole with his thighs, his back impossibly arced.


I can’t believe I did this last night... @phichit+chu made me promise not to delete it!


Viktor wants to kiss the ground at Phichit’s feet, because Yuuri has the most exquisite body he’s ever seen in his entire life. He had felt so soft underneath him. The Yuuri in this photo looks like he’d feel hard on top of him. He blushes wildly, his hands trembling so badly that he drops his phone right onto his face.

He groans, rolling to the side and grabbing for it. When he looks at the screen again, his heart stops.

He’s just liked the photo.

From half a year ago.

Viktor