maybe he never had, but, where Bucky was concerned, Steve had always been-

“Stupid as a box of rocks,” he muttered.

Steve smiled faintly, leaning his head to the side, and both of them frowned, and moved to reach for him, and ended up glaring at each other again.

"What do you want?" Bucky snarled at Bucky.

"He’s mine,” Bucky said, squinting. He looked so sure, like nothing could ever change it. “He’s apparently always gonna damn well be mine, so.”

"I don’t want him lookin' at you,” Bucky retorted. No matter what Steve said, he was always comparing himself to this jerk. To this guy who was, in Bucky's mind, a ghost.  “You’re de-“

Steve put his hand over Bucky’s mouth. “Stop.”

Bucky glared at him over his hand, but fell silent. They'd had this conversation before. Steve was adamant that Bucky was not dead. He wouldn't hear it, not even from Bucky. The important stuff was supposedly all still there, even if he couldn't see it himself.

"How many dents I gotta get in my sides before you send me to the junkyard?" Bucky asked, kissing Steve’s shoulder again. He was so damn sure. "Christ. I look like twice-baked Hell."

Well, that much was true, but Bucky had been to Hell more than twice over the past seventy years, he had the right to look like shit.

"Shut up, jerk," Steve said, but it was low and fond, and he squeezed his hand over Bucky’s mouth gently before he dropped it. "I know what we’re doing, if you can stop glaring at yourself long enough to let me."

So they ended up on the bed, all three of them bare-assed naked because Bucky never liked fucking with clothes on, unless it was dames in nylons.

Bucky marveled at Steve’s back, running his hands over it and along his sides, exploring every inch of muscle, the smooth, straight line of his spine, occasionally huffing out his breath and shaking his head in disbelief, because Steve had always been beautiful but now he was big enough to match his mouth and so pretty it was stupid.

Bucky ran the fingers of his right hand through Steve’s close-cropped, silk-soft hair, looking into his eyes. He wasn't that Bucky anymore. He'd gotten better, a lot better, a Hell of a lot better, but he would never be that Bucky again, and he couldn't pretend. He wouldn't.

He brought his left hand up to cup Steve's jaw, tracing his thumb Steve's lower lip and getting a kiss for it, right on the ball of his thumb. Couldn't feel it, obviously, just a sense of pressure, not how soft and sweet it was, how damp from Steve's tongue.

Steve hated fingers in his mouth, it pissed him right off, reminded him of doctors, emetics and thermometers, of being sick all the time and constantly having people stare down his throat until it closed down and he had an attack from the stress of it.

But Bucky liked Steve's mouth. Steve had always been ninety percent mouth. He looked down at Steve through his eyelashes, pushed his thumb past those soft, pretty pink lips, and Steve, reading Bucky like a damn book as usual, took the hint. He kept his mouth open, so Bucky could see the way his tongue traced the joints and plate-edges. Steve knew, he knew this was the Bucky he had now, the Bucky he was stuck with, and he was glad to have him.

"Like a goddamn greenhouse for growing brand new kinds of stupid,” he grumbled, closing his eyes.

Steve smiled, rubbing his cheek into Bucky’s palm.

Bucky smacked Steve’s ass. “We doin’ this or what? Did you ever figure out a place to put the slick where you wouldn’t have to quit everything to find it?”

Bucky huffed, taking his hand away from Steve’s face and reaching over to grab the bottle out of the drawer in the nightstand, throwing it at Bucky like he was hurling a fastball, looking mildly annoyed when he caught it and it didn’t hit him dead in the chest.

"Huh," Bucky muttered, dripping it over his fingers. "This is different."

"Do you ever goddamn shut up?" Bucky hissed. Christ, they'd been having a fuckin' moment, this guy was such a dick, how had Steve ever put up with him?

Silence, as Bucky glared back at Bucky, unafraid and completely unimpressed.

"Bucky," Steve sighed, shaking his head.

"Sorry," they said at the same time, "Stevie-Baby" overlapping each other and making them glare again.

Steve, rolling his eyes, leaned forward instead of trying to talk to either