first days on the road.

*blows the dust off this fic*

I AM A TERRIBLE HUMAN BEING.I promised you more of this fic and now so many weeks have passed, writing feels like pulling teeth and real life is super busy in a good way, but I am not giving up on this thing. I got a couple more installments written, so you will get some updates in the next couple days, currently editing them as I am also writing more, but I'm not going to set a time frame right now because I don't want to disappoint you. Thank you to everyone who's still interested in this story. I love you alot.

The radio keeps working for a surprisingly long time. There isn't one in the hut they flee to after the mayhem that is the interstate, away from the looters and rioters and just crazy ass people that they encounter on their way out of town. They gotta wait it out, Negan decides, they're too easily targeted, him and the three kids he so involuntarily got stuck with. There wasn't a meet-up point, and by nightfall the electric grid had failed in the whole area, the cellphones going with it.

But the radio had kept working, some local channel after the big national ones had failed, some crazy dude playing My Wife Left With The Farmer But Jesus Still Loves Me And My Fucking Dog country songs between talking about the bombs falling over Atlanta, the rising columns of smoke. They'd left the interstate at the first exit they could, how packed it was in the direction away from the capital with more cars joining, had taken to the back roads, further into the fields and farmlands, the little patches of woods in between.

They'd ran across the hut by accident: a sign leading them down the wrong road that had ceased into a gravel path had lead them there, the small one storey building with its porch out front and a foot path leading down to a lake, creaky wooden pier leading out into the shallow waters.

“Stay in the car,” Negan had grunted before jumping out of the truck, the baseball bat in his hand as he'd walked up to it, seeing if anyone was there but found it deserted. A few kicks with his boot and the door had sprung open from the wrecked lock, a gust of stale air hitting him in the face, the squeal of mice fleeing from their peaceful domain. Two rooms, a rudimentary toilet out back, a gas cooker in the makeshift kitchen, but it was quiet here, safe for now, it would do.

Think of it like a school trip, Negan had told the kids in the evening, not knowing what else to say. They were scared and hungry and restless, and he didn't know how to deal with them. Somehow telling them everything would be alright seemed like a lie they'd look through immediately.

Paula caught them their first meal the next day. Her dad had shown her, she said when she found Negan's fishing kit among the stuff he carried in from the truck. She'd easily assembled the rod, set everything up and was gone down to the lake before Negan could really stop her. She was good too, and a couple hours later she came back with a handful of dead trout and a successful smile on her face that betrayed the tear tracks still visible on her cheeks.

Davey was the first of the kids to kill one of the walkers two weeks later, when the mindless thing stumbled into them, called by the shrieks of the kids playing on the porch. Their laughter had turned into screams of horror in a matter of seconds, alerting Negan from where he was on his back beneath the truck, fixing a broken cable one of the rodents had gnawed into pieces. By the time he'd scrambled out from beneath the truck and ran for the porch, he could already hear the dull thud of a body hitting the ground, the one armed walker twitching and still snarling at Davey standing above him, swinging the baseball bat he'd grabbed from inside the hut's door where Negan kept it and bashing the rotten thing's skull in with all the strength he could bring up.

Carl, Negan just couldn't figure out. He was a quiet child, playing with the other two just fine but somehow always holding himself back, watchful more than really participating. He'd emptied out the bag he'd taken from home that first night in the hut, distributing his clothes among the three kids as they'd made up camp in the tiny bedroom of the hut, all three of them fitting into the single bed with its moth eaten bedding. He didn't cry like the other two, not even in the dark that Davey was so scared of, scared enough that the flashlight Negan has to leave on at night for him to find any sleep is starting to diminish their battery stash quickly. He didn't recount stories from home like Paula, barely said anything at all when he wasn't directly talked to