anger on his face. It was a rarity for him to get really angry and when he did it still surprised you to see that side of him. You wiped the tears and looked at him faking a smile "but I'm fine, so it's nothing to worry about. Okay?" you didn't think it possible but his frown intensified "you don't need to lie, not to me" you nodded in defeat "fine, please just leave it alone though" he nodded and stood up "of course. Now if you excuse me, i need to find a complete bag of dicks" he said starting to walk off "Gabe wait!" you ran over and grabbed his hand "please, just don't hurt him too much, okay?" he smiled "of course i won't physically but verbally is a different story" with that he left.

He appeared outside a house and knocked on the door. A young woman answered she was just wearing a long shirt "normally, i would flirt and hit on you but a good friend of mine is in need so move out of the way sweetheart" he walked past her and ignored her shouts and threats of what would happen if he didn't leave. A man came running in after hearing the shouts and glared at Gabriel "who are you?", "all in good time, you're (ex bf/n) i presume", "what's it to you?" Gabriel smiled "you hurt a very good friend of mine so I'm here to tell you to back off and leave her alone because if i hear that you have hurt her even more then you will regret it, i am someone you do not want to piss off" (ex bf/n) rolled his eyes "it's none of your business and to be honest she deserved it. I mean did she really think she was good enough for me, i deserve better then that thing an-" Gabriel raised a finger signalling him to stop "you carry on saying things about (y/n) i will have to hurt you and just so you know, you were the one who wasn't worthy enough to even breathe the same air as her. She is an amazing girl, she is so beautiful and kind and you just destroyed her well I'm not having that at all" before Gabriel could continue (ex bf/n) cut him off "beautiful? Really? wow you really need to get your eyes tested man, true beauty is stood right behind you. The thing you are talking about is more like a horror movie monster" that was breaking point. You could literally hear the alarm bells going off in Gabe's head signalling the breaking point, his reaction was quick he punched your ex in the face causing him to fall to the floor and the crack that was heard meant that he had broken his jaw. The woman ran over to him crying "i told you if you continued i would hurt you. Now listen good, i don't want you near her again. She is amazing and so kind and as for that thing next to you she isn't even in the same category as how beautiful (y/n) is. I think it's time i introduced myself" the lights went out and out of the pitch black, there was a lamp knocked to the floor shining to the wall behind Gabe, revealing the outlines of his wings "my name is Gabriel, the archangel and if i catch you near my friend again. I will make you cease to exist, got it?" your ex nodded obviously scared "good, now i will show myself out" he left.

You heard wings and turned to face Gabe "Gabe! I was worried, please tell me you didn't kill him!" he laughed and shook his head "no, just threatened to is all" you nodded and hugged him "thank you, for defending me like that", "you are welcome, you are one of my best friends and i will kick anyone's ass if they hurt you, you know that, right?" you smiled "yeah i do", "good and just so you know (y/n) your ex is a great bag of dicks" you laughed and hugged him again.


Okay so i randomly got this idea from nowhere. Anyway enjoy it guys :) hopefully it wont be too bad.


I had decided to take the day off from hunting and all of the drama's going on. I mean after all a girl needs to breath and have a proper chance to relax without having to worry about if the guy down the road is going to get eaten or if the the woman next door has pissed off a witch. So after i sent a quick text to Dean telling him and Sam not send out search parties for me if my phone was off. I didn't bother waiting for his reply, i switched the phone off and put it far away from me as possible.

I was enjoying watching rubbish TV and eating alot of junk food and