assortment of scientific papers that were included in the notebook, all authored by one Garrett Hawke, PhD. It didn't take him long to realize that the content of the papers was so far beyond him as to be virtually gibberish. Hawke had been a physicist, apparently a very good one, and Andy was generally lost by the end of the first page. He sighed and set the papers aside. He'd have to make sure to corner Dr. Orsino after dinner. He never liked to start with a patient without some sort of background. Going in blind just made everything so much more difficult for everyone. 

Andy's personal belongings had been sent here ahead of him. Several boxes (mostly books) were waiting for him in the office space. He spent the remaining time before dinner unpacking and arranging until he had the rooms to his liking. By the time he finished, he found he had enough time for a leisurely shower before dinner. 

The dining hall was on the main floor, at the back of the building. A wall of plate glass windows faced out to a stunning view of the gardens, with the Adirondacks looming in the distance. Three large wooden tables were arranged in a U shape. Several of the seats were already occupied. A tall, elegant man with swept back grey hair was sitting next to Sebastian He gestured to Andy, indicating that he should sit in the empty chair between them.

Andy settled in between the two of them and the elegant man with the grey hair introduced himself as James Orsino, adding that he was certain that Andy had a number of questions for him.

Andy shook his hand warmly. “I certainly do. The dossier in my rooms was hardly exhaustive.”

Dr. Orsino chuckled. “Those are really just a formality. I prefer passing on the necessary information personally, so that I can answer any questions you might have directly. Perhaps after dinner we..” his voice dropped to a murmur. “Director Stannard.” He rose from his chair, along with the other men in the room. 

Standing up as well, Andy looked over to see the Director entering through the double doors. Easily the most imposing person he had ever seen, she positively radiated authority. Her face was stern and unforgiving, her blue eyes hard as flint. When she'd taken her seat at the center of the main table, the men all sat down as well. Director Stannard nodded to them all, then her eyes flickered over to Andy. She inclined her head imperiously.

“Dr. Felssen, yes? Welcome to Kirkwall Asylum. I trust you have found everything satisfactory?”

Andy rose up and gave a slight bow. “Yes, Director, more than. I'm very pleased to be joining you all here.”

“Indeed.” She nodded again, effectively dismissing him, gesturing for the staff to begin serving.

The food was every bit as impressive as everything else Andy had seen so far. He made a mental note to start taking the stairs to his rooms, otherwise he could imagine himself fattening up like a Christmas ham. After the dessert course, coffee was served and small conversations began to break out amongst the diners. 

“Do you always eat like this?” Andy eyed Orsino's slender form suspiciously. 

Orsino chuckled. “If you mean this well, oh yes, one thing the Gallows has never endured is complaints about the food. If you mean all gathered together in this formal a fashion, no. Director Stannard likes the staff to get together this way once a week, usually on Mondays. She feels it's good for morale for us all to share a meal together regularly. The rest of the week we're free to eat here in the hall or have dinner sent up to our rooms. That's what the dumbwaiter in your kitchen is for. Since today is your first day here, the Director made an exception and had us all take dinner here tonight.”

“Give everyone a chance to look me over?”

“Something like that. And for you to find out who everyone is. You already know Sebastian, I take it?” At Andy's nod, Orsino continued. “Sitting next to the Director is Assistant Director Kristoff, next to her is Dr. Grace. On the Director's other side is Michael Cullen, Director Stannard's personal assistant. Next to him is Aveline Vallen, our head of security. On the far table are Orana Cameron, she's in charge of housekeeping, Dr. Solivitus, head of our medical staff, Dr. Alain and Dr. Emeric. On my other side is Dr. Thrask.” 

“How are you liking your new quarters?” Sebastian leaned over.

“Amazing. I'd have to say they're the most beautiful rooms I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.”

“The Gallows, in spite of it's name, is a lovely place.”

“Why is it called Kirkwall Asylum? That sounds so Victorian. Why not Kirkwall Hospital or even Kirkwall Sanitorium?”

“Vincent Dumas liked the term 'asylum'. He intended it in the spiritual sense