Scrambling to his feet, he paused the game just as Kuroo aimed at one of the things they were supposed to be killing, earning him and indignant cry as he set his controller down once more.

“I’ll be back in a bit.” He threw over his shoulders as he fled from the room, not turning once as he hid in the kitchen, sitting in the floor by the counter to formulate his plan.

What could he do to stop Kuroo’s incredibly surprising winning moment? He could say he was tired, that he didn’t want to play anymore, but there was no way Kuroo would believe that; he was never tired enough to stop playing. But there should be something he could do to win, some way to distract Kuroo. Maybe invite Bokuto over? No, that would most certainly backfire on him, he did appreciate the quiet of his home, and there was no way Bokuto and Kuroo would be quiet. What could he do? Suggest volleyball? Not likely, Kuroo would catch on immediately, so volleyball was not an option. Hold on and wait until Kuroo got tired to suspend the game? The other boy was not likely to get tired, since this was actually the first time he’d actually been winning against Kenma of all people, not to mention the stupid bet, the one he shouldn’t have accepted but he never thought it would be so hard to win the game, and the prospect of a new game bought to him by Kuroo was too tempting to be turned down.

What could he do? He wracked his brain trying to think, for once it was actually hard to come up with a plan since he’d known Kuroo for so long the other knew all about Kenma’s schemes and was prepared to confront them, and yet there should be something, anything the younger boy could to take the other by surprise long enough to win…

His eyes widened slightly when he finally thought on something, staring straight ahead at a point on the chipped floor of the kitchen, wondering if he’d be able to pull it off long and convincible enough for it to work. Soon enough, he squared his shoulders and started to formulate his definitive plan.

Kenma had been gone for a while, and Kuroo was starting to get a bit restless. He’d been hoping that maybe he could make the younger watch the movie with him as soon as possible, but seeing as the other was taking so long they wouldn’t be able to; at a certain point of the night Kenma got cranky and wanted to sleep unless he had a new game he was beating.

The black haired boy threw himself back down on the carpet, looking at the ceiling while he waited for the pudding headed boy to come back when he remembered the unread text from Bokuto, and picked up his phone from where it had been lying by his thigh to read the text.

FROM: brokuto

SUBJECT: re:re:re:re: no subject

dont u takl to me like that yougn boy!! aslo, akaashi says ‘ur welcmoe’

Kuroo smirked before he opened a new text.

TO: brokuto

SUBJECT: no subject

r u sure akaashi said it like that

He sent the text and almost immediately got a reply

FROM: brokuto

SUBJECT: re: no subject

ofc no!! dont be mean bro or ill tell Kenma on you

Kuroo went pale as he typed the text as quickly as he could.

TO: brokuto

SUBJECT: re:re no subject

wiate!! dnotn bro! hell kill me

FROM: brokuto

SUBJECT: re:re:re no subject

ahhaha u sholudve thouhgt that be4!! ٩(@`^´@)۶

Before Kuroo could answer the text, the door opened quietly, and he scrambled to hide his phone, still open on the last text under his tight as Kenma walked calmly into the room and settled on the floor, picking up his control carefully and looking at him as the older picked up his own controller before starting the game.

The black headed boy watched the screen intently, never mind the fact that his eyes were starting to burn from the prolonged exposure to the screen, he was determined to win the game and at the same time, win the bet.

He was so immersed in the game that he didn’t notice Kenma’s calculating glances, nor the small moves the other made that were completely unrelated to the game until it was too late and he found himself supporting the younger male, who had moved from his previous sitting spot and was now scrawled all over Kuroo, his head almost resting on the other’s chest.

“Um, Kenma are you… okay?” he stumbled over his words, trying desperately to keep his character from falling off a cliff at the same time he looked at the younger through the corner of his eye.

Kenma looked at him briefly, catlike eyes separating from the screen to stare directly into his eyes as his fingers kept moving the controller expertly. “I’m fine.” He mumbled, blinking slowly before looking back at the screen, subtly shifting his body once more so that he was burrowed even deeper on the other’s