of affection. He lifted his arms and hugged the stubbly face, pushing his cheek against Dean's, nuzzling it a little.

"I will be fine." Cas said with a smile.

Sam, Dean, Bobby, and Castiel had been researching for days to find a way to turn the angel back into his regular form. Sam and Bobby had always been good at it, though this time around it was Dean that surprised them. He looked non-stop to find a cure for Cas, though he found none. Cas sat on the table next to the book Dean had been reading, not so much as helping the man read as he was just staring at him. He was trying to figure out why Dean was looking so hard.

Dean looked down at the angel and furrowed his brow, upon seeing the absent stare he seemed to be renewed in his quest to find a cure. Cas sighed, standing up he climbed atop the book Dean had been reading and stared up at the hunter, blocking a good chunk of his view.

"Cas," Dean said frustratingly, "What are you doing?"

"Why are you trying so hard?" Cas' eyes squinted as he spoke, "You've barely rested at all, even Sam has taken more breaks than you."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean asked angrily, his eyes hardly able to focus.

"It means that Sam is, and has always been, the more studious of the two of you, and the fact that he has taken more breaks than you have worries me." Cas shrugged his shoulders, not knowing what else to say.

Sighing in complete frustration, Dean leaned back in his chair and rubbed his tired eyes, "I don't care if he takes more breaks, Cas. Stepping back from the books isn't finding a way to save you," he looked down at the tiny angel, even tinier than before. Cas now stood at about 4 inches, almost two inches shorter than he was when the whole thing started.

"The full moon is tonight," Cas looked over at the emerald, "With any luck, holding this thing above my head will take me back to my normal height. That will give me a much longer time span to figure this out."

Dean shook his head, "You can't rely on luck, Cas. It never works out."

"Well right now luck is about the only thing I do have," Cas said solemnly.

Dean slammed his fist down, "What the hell do you think I've been doing here!"

Cas turned a glare on the hunter immediately, "Do you honestly believe that reading a book without rest does you any good, Dean? I will bet that you do not even remember half of the last page you read."

Dean snarled at Cas, ready to tell him exactly what the last page of the book had said... But nothing came to mind. Cas was totally right, he was just looking at pages without being able to remember what he'd read. He groaned in defeat and leaned back in his chair again, "I don't know what to do, Cas," He mumbled, "I can't... I can't even read a damned book to save your life." He rubbed his face again, attempting to hide a sniffle.

Cas sprouted his wings and flew up to Dean's face, "Dean," he whispered, getting the man to drop his hands to see the mini angel. Cas smiled and floated to Dean's upper lip, he gently placed his hands on the soft skin and gave a kiss. Lifting his head he started floating upward to look into his human's eyes, "You don't need to try so hard for me; you've done so much already."

Dean couldn't believe what he was hearing; Cas had already given up hope on his situation. He reached up and snatched the angel out of the air, "Don't you dare talk like that!" He shouted, causing Cas to flinch at the volume of it, "It's not over Cas! We'll find a way to break this thing."

Cas lifted his hands and once again placed them on Dean's face, this time to hush him, to quiet him down a little. "Dean, the full moon is tonight."

"You said that already."

"Yes, but if it will be as you said, and I cannot count on luck, then I am going to die because of this curse." Cas spoke calmly, though Dean could see the fear in those still surprisingly large blue eyes, "There is no guarantee that I will return to a normal height."

Dean shook his head, "There's no guarantee that you won't, either."

"But you said-"

"Forget that, Cas. I didn't even think about what you must have been feeling, I'm sorry." Dean bit his lip; he really hadn't considered Cas' feelings on this one. Sure, the angel