the carpet in the doorway, his heart picking up speed as Wufan seemed to stop in his tracks.

 

Just don’t move.

 

Don’t make a sound.

 

Don’t breathe.

 

Suddenly hot breath invaded his ear.

 

“Found you.”

 

Wufan had an arm stretched out on the frame of the door, leaning in and blocking the doorway.

 

Yixing’s hand dropped to his side and he smiled down at his feet, lip still caught in his teeth as Wufan slowly slides in front of him.

 

One hand stayed on the doorframe while the other came up to wall on the other side of his head, trapping him in place.

 

Wufan leaned in, getting close enough to Yixing’s face where his nose lightly brushed against the other’s forehead. 

 

A blush crept up Yixing’s neck, his eyes still trained on the ground.

 

“Where did you think you were going?” Wufan whispered against his face.

 

He shuddered.

 

“Nowhere.”

 

“Good.” His breath was hot on his cheek. “Are you going to give it back now?”

 

Yixing deftly shook his head.

 

“Well, I’ll have to take it by force then.” 

 

Wufan’s large hands wrapped around Yixing’s hands, prying his fingers off of the mouse. The small object dropped to the floor with a quiet click.

 

“There you go Xing.” Wufan pinned his wrists to the wall and leaned over him, his mouth even closer to Yixing’s ear as he spoke again. “That wasn’t so hard, wasn’t it?”

 

Yixing swallowed and shook his head. 

 

“That’s what I thought.” Wufan bit down gently on Yixing’s neck, making him shudder in pleasure.

 

But before they could progress further, Wufan let him go and bent to pick up the discarded mouse. “I’ve still got work to do Xing, maybe we’ll continue later.” He sent a wink over his shoulder as he left the room.

 

Yixing muttered a quiet expletive to himself as he rubbed his shaky hands together.

 

-

 

Wufan had been back to pecking away at the keyboard for a little over an hour now and Yixing was becoming increasingly bored. 

 

He was currently lying on the floor of the bedroom tracing every crack and bump he could find in the ceiling. This quickly lost it’s charm and he found himself wandering back into the office, peeking his head through the door to find the other man still hard at work. 

 

Yixing pouted.

 

Then, an idea hit him. He would take things a step further this time. 

 

He quietly snaked his way into the room and snuck up behind the taller male, leaning in next to his ear. 

 

“Wufan,” he cooed.

 

The only response he got was a quiet grunt.

 

“Don’t you think you need a little...” Yixing rested his hands gently on Wufan’s shoulders, “break?” 

 

“I told you, I’m busy Yixing.”

 

Yixing smiled to himself and bent down to rest his chin in the crook of Wufan’s neck, his arms wrapping around his broad shoulders.

 

“Are you too busy for this?” Yixing asked, swiftly popping a button open on the others shirt. 

 

He heard Wufan swallow thickly. “Yes.” His voice cracked.

 

“Really now?” Yixing swiveled the chair around and plopped himself down on Wufan’s lap. “I think you have plenty of time.” He hummed to himself as he continued unbuttoning the other man’s shirt.

 

“Xing,” he breathed out, his attention now fully on the male seated in his lap.

 

Yixing leaned in closer, breath ghosting over Wufan’s mouth as his petite fingers worked on the buttons. 

 

Wufan slowly brought up a shaky hand, his bony fingers brushing across the other’s smaller digits as they worked.

 

“I have to...” he trailed off, his eyes fluttering closed as Yixing slowly closed the gap and nipped at his bottom lip.

 

His hand dropped as he felt those soft fingers slide into his now open shirt, skidding lightly across his sides as lips hovered over his own and for a moment he couldn’t breathe. 

 

Yixing was-

 

“Perfect,” he whispered, finally leaning his own head forward and hungrily devouring the other’s mouth. 

 

Yixing smirked victoriously into the kiss, letting his tongue curl out and tangle with Wufan’s soon after. 

 

The older male crept his fingers underneath Yixing’s loose shirt, letting them graze up his sides and leave a trail of goosebumps in their wake before slowly lifting it up and over his head.  

 

Yixing’s arms automatically wrapped themselves back around Wufan’s neck once the shirt was discarded, and the other’s breath tickled his nose as eyes raked down his now exposed torso, taking all of him in.

 

“You’re so...beautiful,” came the whisper through heavy pants and lidded eyes and in that moment Yixing felt as if he was floating.

 

He slowly reconnected their lips, bringing his fingers up to curl into the short hairs on the back of Wufan’s head.

 

Yixing tugged on the hair causing the other to let out a