it was foolish now because the consequences hurt more than just him.

He placed his hands on hers, forcing himself to let go. He couldn’t do this to her. A child? His child? With Summer? He couldn’t be a father. He couldn’t risk that life- their lives- like those of the ones he’d already lost. He wasn’t safe. Bad luck. That’s what he was. That’s all he would ever bring.

He guided her hands away from his face, which fell cold without her touch. “I can’t.” The words were strained. Deep down, he didn’t want to say them, but even in the picturesque fantasy world of his dreams where he could be that doting husband to the woman he loved and father to their child, all he imagined was the inevitable misfortune his Semblance would bring.

“What?”

He looked at her, felt his chest throb as if he were drowning, denying his body of the air he so desperately needed to survive. He tried to convey this to her with his eyes, tried to remind her how much it hurt him to tell her no but how necessary it was. “Summer… I can’t. I’ve told you- I can’t stay. If I’m in one place for too long, you know what happens.”

She smiled at him. Innocent, optimistic, and stubborn all at once. “I know. So we won’t. We’ll follow you anywhere. I’m prepared to do that. Yang will be old enough for Tai to handle on his own. I’ll fight beside you like I always have and-”

“Summer  .” He put all his energy into her name as his heart broke. “You can’t  follow  me. It’s not safe. Especially not for a child.”

She pouted, persisting. “I’m stronger than your ‘Semblance.’ Tai and Raven never could work with you, but I could. That should be proof enough, but I can be a Huntress and protect our child. I’ve taken care of Yang, haven’t I?” She wanted to shoot back at him, let him know how much pain pushing her away caused and hide the desperation she now faced, but she could only plead. She knew.

“Yes.  With Tai . But if you haven’t noticed, I’m not exactly the warm fatherly type, either. Even if I could guarantee your safety, I’d never be able to be a dad.” He tried to be resolute, to put up his crude persona to keep her from breaking down his walls. Just like when they were younger, when he first realized how he’d fallen for her and tried to make her hate him so she’d never get close enough to get hurt.

“Do you think Tai figured things out as soon as Yang was born? He was helpless. Being a parent doesn’t come with a textbook, Qrow. But you’re capable of loving someone, aren’t you?” He closed his eyes, wincing at her words. She was trapping him.

“Don’t do this.”

“Or are you saying you don’t love me?”

“Stop it."

“Well?”

The first time he’d ever met her, he’d liked her. She seemed so cute and shy, but when Raven angrily combated the leadership Ozpin had bestowed upon her, Summer proved her might with precision and a sharp tongue. That was when he knew he was in trouble.

He tried to be rude, to tease her and taunt her so she’d keep away, but those silver eyes saw through everything. His teasing became theirs, his taunts became flirts, and his attempts at pushing her away only made her stand strong.

“You know that’s not true,” he whispered.

Her voice was breaking. She was holding back tears. “Then don’t tell me you can’t.”

The breath and his voice caught in his throat, but he choked out regardless, “I  can’t .”

As if the universe meant to emphasize his point, thunder rolled outside, a storm closing in. Mutterings through the bar about the sudden inclement weather echoed as he continued. “Say you follow me. What are the chances you’ll die in childbirth? The baby could be stillborn. You could miscarry. Or maybe your water breaks fighting a Grimm. Or a Grimm attacks you at your most vulnerable. You  could get lucky. It could all be normal, but how long are we willing to take the chance that your good luck will run out? What if the kid’s got the same curse? Do you really think two negatives make a positive? Think of all the possibilities, Summer, and tell me those are risks you’re willing to take.”

She hesitated. She knew he had a point. Even when she never believed in his Semblance, she always did respect the chance that he may