I wouldn’t mind watching you sleep for the rest of my days.



Yours truly,



Niall


Zayn slowly folds up the letter, as if he is feeling the emotions of the writing through the paper like braille. All of Niall’s words were so emotional and real and honest. Zayn now feels guilty for reading something so intimate from Niall’s heart. It feels completely unconsenual, as if Zayn is watching Niall at a zoo with Niall unwilling trapped behind the glass.

But Zayn does not know how straight he is anymore because… oh no, oh no. The only thing really keeping Niall together was the idea that if Zayn was gay or bi or pan he would have fallen for Niall… but Zayn isn’t so sure of the fact anymore and Niall knows it. Dread now fills Zayn. There are two more letters left, and Zayn remembers a lot has happened from the date of the letter he just read to the present day.

Things could get a lot worse.


Zayn,



Forget my last letter, because I was realized I was completely mistaken with the idea that there was nothing more beautiful than you asleep next to me.



Oh no, I was way wrong. Because I now know there is nothing more beautiful… excuse my vulgarity… than your lips wrapped around my cock.



It was a usual evening, us both chilling and smoking at your house. We cuddled up on your couch, passing the blunt back and forth while we giggled away. 



“Thanks for coming over,” You blew smoke out of your mouth, “You always know how to relax my nerves.”



“No, thank you,” I said, “I was having a really shitty day. I needed this.”



I snatched the blunt out of your hand and took a hit, but it was extremely harsh. I coughed a bit as I handed it back to you, “There isn’t much left, you can have the last of it.”



You examined and the blunt and scoffed, “There’s definitely enough for both of us. Here, I’ll show you how.” You pulled the blunt against your lips and took in a slow drag. Not that surprising. But the next thing I know, your right hand is on the back side of my head, pushing me towards you. Your lips press against mine and the force of your lips alone pries mine open. Hot smoke passes between lips into my mine.



For the first time in my life, I understood the words ‘I needed them like oxygen’.



You pulled back with the smuggest smile and stared at me as the smoke escaped through my lips in a parting breath. 



“I should never doubt your abilities,” I chuckled, “You sure there isn’t one more left in that thing for us to share?” 



“Check my lungs,” You suggested as your head drifted towards mine. I grabbed your face and we lazily made out on the sofa. I would happily waste hours of the day with you if we could just do this and nothing else. 



“I couldn’t find anything,” I huffed trying to briefly catch my breath, “Let me keep searching.”



“God, weed makes me so horny Nialler,” You whined as you started kissing down my jawline.



“I am quite aware of that fact,” I replied while attempting to play it cool.



“So fucking horny,” Your lips suckled along the veins of my neck, “I could really go for a blow job.”



“Oh really?” I nearly gasped.



“Mhm,” You nodded as your hands rolled my shirt up to my armpits, “But of course I am a man of honor, and I would not expect one’s good deed to go unpunished.” 



“Well you won’t hear me complain about such a transaction,” I whimpered as your lips left my neck and teased my right nipple.



“I’ve never done anything like this before,” Your sweet mouth traveled down my abdomen, “You’ll need to tell me if I’m doing anything wrong or could improve on.”



“I doubt you will hear me complaining,” I admitted as you moved to the floor and settled in between my legs. With our joint effort, we wiggled me out of my jeans. But I could still see some apprehension in your eyes as we watch my member’s growth in length before our eyes.



“You alright there?” I asked.



“Yes, I want to do this,” You then corrected, “I mean, I really want that blowjob.”



“I could always give you one without…” I hinted at.



“I really appreciate the sentiment,” You answered sternly, “But all I really want for you to do is tell me to shut up and suck your cock.”



“Shut up and suck my cock?” I commanded extremely weakly.



You pressed a soft kiss on the tip of my dick as your hand pumped gently at the base of my shaft. Your tongue slithered across my head, during which I could not help but moan. You gradually sunk deeper into it. You could only make it halfway down the length,