with being the likely captain of the new flagship was that every ambitious cadet on campus was forever trying to ingratiate themselves with him. McCoy’s complete lack of interest in his status was refreshing. “Damn but you’re sure of yourself! It’s kind of sexy. My name’s Chris, by the way, not that you’ve asked.”

“Chris, Mike, George – I don’t give a damn, darlin’. When I’ve got you pinned down, writhing under me, you’re gonna be callin’ me Jesus Fucking Christ and I’m gonna be callin’ you whatever I feel like! Now, we’re headin’ back to your place, because, trust me, you do not want to meet my room-mate.” And with that he began to propel Pike down the corridor towards the back exit.

Pike let himself be pushed, too intrigued by where this might go to give much thought to his own dignity. “You’re one pushy bastard,” he said as they exited from the heated corridor into the cool night air. “So what makes you think that you’re going to top, anyway?” He had no intention of letting the cadet top but he was interested to see how McCoy argued his corner.

“Damn straight, I’m topping. I’ve been screwed over more than enough by Starfleet in the past week. Time to get my own back. But don’t worry, darlin’--“ he slid a proprietary hand down onto Pike’s ass “--it’ll be good like you’ve never known it before. I know a thing or two about successful sodomy!”

Pike snorted with disbelief. “I see! But aren’t you just divorced? Where’s all this experience come from? Or was your playing around why it all went to hell?”

McCoy shoved Pike up against a convenient wall, hands fisted in his shirt. “Fuck you. Why it went to hell is none of your fucking business. Trust me, it takes two to tango - or to fuck the tango up.” He bit down hard on Pike’s lower lip, his hands scraping down the firm chest. “But believe me sugar, my ex-wife was a kinky little shit with an ego the size of a planet, best accommodated by having more than one man worshipping her at a time. We had a lot of fun inviting home friends. I’m not some demoralized divorcee a decade out of practice with screwing strangers.”

“So I see,” said Pike, his voice rather breathless as McCoy’s limber hands pushed down into his pants. He was startled by his own arousal in the face of the doctor’s aggression. He got plenty of offers but they seldom came from men with the same natural authority that he had himself. This encounter was turning out to be both more challenging and more intriguing than he had anticipated. “Can we please get this to a private place before we both get arrested for public indecency.

McCoy chuckled. “I like it when you say please to me, sugar. It sounds good on  you. So where’s this pad of yours, then?”

* * *

It turned out that Pike lived conveniently close, in an apartment in the officers’ block just beyond the family housing units that McCoy had his eye on. Pike concentrated on getting all the access locks open while McCoy concentrated on getting his hands onto as much warm skin as he could without actually stripping the man down in public. Lean, muscular, furry, and not saying no - just the way he liked it.

They tumbled through Pike’s front door. “Strip,” ordered McCoy. “I want you naked on your bed, on your back, hands crossed above your head. And I want it now.”

“Now hang on a damned minute,” snapped Pike. “This is my home and I don’t take orders from brash strangers, however sexy they may be.”

McCoy pushed right up against the other man, deliberately forcing him backwards towards the bedroom. “Well, bless your heart! I bet most people snap to attention when you use that tone of voice, don’t they? You’ve just gotta put on that stern look and they’re falling over themselves to do what you want, ain’t they? Well, not me, darlin’. I don’t give a shit how important you are.” He now had Pike in the bedroom, backed up against the large bed. “If I want you on your knees, sugar, that’s where you’re gonna be.”

He pushed Pike backwards. Pike resisted, grabbing his arms. For a moment they stood chest to chest, each testing the strength of the other. The officer might be some two decades older than McCoy but he was clearly in shape and of course combat trained. But any ideas he had that he could easily overpower the doctor were soon dispelled.

“Stressful job, doctoring,” McCoy said hotly against his ear as he stood firm against the pressure. “