with the first person who asks him, and at the end of the week, he’ll tell the girl exactly this, ‘I’m sorry, I couldn’t fall in love with you. Let’s break up.’”

Your eyebrows shoot up, and you comment, “Wow, what a bundle of dicks. Sounds like a giant asshole to me.”

“That’s the thing, though,” Vriska continues, “Every girl who dates him never has aaaaaaaanything bad to say about him. They all still think that he’s a great guy!!!!!!!!”

You listen to her talk, then scrutinize her and ask, “How do you know all this shit about him? Sounds like you’ve been stalking the guy hardcore.”

“Well, what do you think? Of course I went out with the guy once, too! I mean, who wouldn’t go out with a babe like me? The difference between me an all the other girls, though, is that I dumped him. Bet I just broke his pretty-boy heart.”

“The jury finds the defendant guilty of twisting the truth!” Terezi cuts in, cackling. She turns to you, snickering into your ear, “It was more like Vriska could tell he wasn’t very into her, so she broke up with him to save her own ego.”

“Oh, shut up, Pyrope,” Vriska says, flicking an eraser at her. 

You wait for a couple minutes as the two exchange insults before interrupting. “Why are all these girls so into him, even after he dumps their asses, then?”

Vriska turns her attention back to you, replying, “He’s just such a gentleman, I suppose. Goofy and kind of gullible, but when you’re dating him, it’s like a dream. He treats you like you’re something precious, and, even though half of us know we’ll probably be dumped by the end of the week, it’s easy to fall for something like that. He’s just so… pure. It’s hard to doubt his sincerity, since he tries so hard for every person he dates.”

“Seems like you got it bad for this Egbert kid; haven’t heard you talk that nice about anyone before.” You can’t help but toss in a snide remark, dodging the pencil she throws at you.

“Can it, Strider; just cause all the girls you’ve gone out with hate you afterwards doesn’t mean you have to push that on to me. Your face and ‘cool kid’ act just doesn’t match your personality,” she says, and you splutter.

“Hey, it’s not my fault they assume things about me and get all disappointed,” you reply, disgruntled.

 

It’s around the beginning of lunch when you’re sent to the front gates to wait for the pizza you didn’t even order. (“Why the fuck can’t you two go wait for it yourselves, I didn’t even order anything.” “But we ordered something for you anyways!” “How the hell would you know what I wanted to get?” “Dave, please don’t pretend you don’t eat the same thing every time like a little trained puppy.” “Fuck you TZ” “Anytime, cool kid.”)

You completely voluntarily sit in the front of the school gates, waiting impatiently for the pizza delivery guy to arrive, as a sleek black car pulls up in front of you. Is that the delivery guy? you wonder, man, I’ve gotta be doing something wrong with my life if some pizza deliverer can afford that kind of ride… Your thoughts are cut off, however, by the dark, haired male getting out of the car. Well, speak of the devil, and the devil shall appear, even if he is a bit late. You watch as John Egbert bids the dark-haired girl who gave him a ride farewell, turning and noticing you propped up against the wall.

“That your girlfriend for the week?” The words tumble out of your mouth before you can stop them, and you see him stop short. He walks over to you, settling himself next to you with a grin. 

“Nah, that’s just my sister,” he says with a lighthearted laugh. “I didn’t know that the seniors knew about the dating thing, too. Dave Strider, right?”

“Damn straight. You’re pretty famous, man. Got all these bitches talking about you non stop,” You say jokingly. You waggle your eyebrows at him before you realize that this is a very lame thing to do. You carefully lower your eyebrows back into their normal positioning.

He cottons on to your kidding tone pretty quickly, more quickly than most. “God, I know right? They just can’t get enough of me,” he says with a snicker, waggling his eyebrows. You’re not sure if you feel marginally less or more lame.

“So, you got your weekly girlfriend yet?