a way that made me want to bite them until he moaned and begged for more.

“I know but you’re still healing.” His hands grabbed at where my hair had grown long enough to fist, pulling my head back so he could press sloppy kisses to my neck, making me groan more than I’ll admit.

“Healing or not, if you touch me I’m not going to shatter.” His kisses had turned to bites, probably leaving deep red hickies that would later turn to bruises and would wear proudly (especially around Bruce and Dick).

“I -ah- I know that.” Without taking his lips off of the patch of skin he was sucking just under my jaw he grabbed my hands and moved them so they were cupping his ass.

“If you know that then prove it.” His lips were smashed against mine before I could protest, he began biting at my bottom lips until I moaned which he quickly took advantage of, pulling my tongue into his mouth and sucking it roughly. And despite my strong will I was left groping his ass and having my moans swallowed by his wanting lips. After what felt like hours he pulled back, trying hard to hide his pants before speaking in a low voice. “See, I’m still in one piece.” He pressed his forehead against mine, smiling gently and rubbing small circles into where my shoulder meets my neck.

“It’s not that I don’t want to Timbo, because trust me, I want nothing more then to. But it’ll be better if we wait until you’re less broken.” He sat back on my thighs and sighed. “Trust me babe, it’ll be worth it.” I brought my hand up, cupping his cheek and smiling as I thumbed the corner of his mouth. “Plus, what if Dick decides to hunt me down, do you really think he’ll want to walk in of us having sex?” He slowly smiled and shook his head at me, his grin getting wider and wider.

“It would serve him right, who knows, maybe he gets off on watching.” I smiled back, moving my hand so I could card my fingers through his messy locks.

“I’m all for trying new things, but I can’t say one of those things would be being watched by Dick.” Tim laughed before flopping back on top of me, arms around my neck and face pressed against my neck. I reached into the pocket of my sweat pants and grabbed my phone to quickly check the time. “Alright lil’ bird, I think it’s bed time.” I could feel him smile against my neck before slowly nodded but not making any effort to move. I moved my hands to grab the back of his thighs, and in one fluid movement I stood up with him hanging off me before I wrapped his legs around my hips.

“That seemed like a very practiced movement.” He muttered into my skin.

“Only because when Roy falls asleep he sprawls across anything near him. It’s like having a a 200lbs child.” I slowly walked into my room, avoiding all the things I knew were on the ground of my bedroom before gently laying Tim down on the side of the bed closest to the door. Out of habit I started pulling the blankets over him and tucking him in the way I always end up doing to Roy before he spoke up.

“You better be laying down next to me, we may not be having sex but I at least expect spooning.” Even though it was too dark to see him I could tell by his tone he wasn’t kidding, but I had no intention of sleeping on the couch so I leaned down and pressed a chaste kiss to his slightly swollen lips before walking around the other side of the bed. I pulled off my shirt and slipped out of my pants before crawling into bed next to him. We met in the middle of the bed right where the two pillows created a canyon, I tucked one arm under my head and the other around his bare waist feeling him press himself flush against me, both arms against my chest. Just when I was somewhere between the real world and that of dreams his soft voice pulled me back into reality. “Y’know this isn’t spooning.” I could feel his lips move against my chest and had to repress the shiver that was running down my spine.

“Are you complaining?” He shook his head, his nose brushing against my collarbone “I think cosmopolitan calls it the ‘I feel distinct’ position.”

“Are you saying you read cosmopolitan?”

“Well, I’d be lying if I said I haven’t flipped through it the past.” There was a long pause, and I could feel his lips open and close against my chest as if he was trying to say something but couldn’t find the words.

“What does it say about meeting a partner’s family?” His voice was quiet and even without him saying it again to clarify, there was a nervous knife twisting in my gut as I started