Frank about transporting them. Peter wandered, his footsteps leading him back up to the flight deck to see if anything could be salvaged or repaired. Remus was heading back to the payload with half the intent to just stare it gratefully, a benevolent gift from the past made by the sacrifices of the Icarus I crew and James. 

He was halfway there when Sirius’ voice floated in his ear. “Guys, I found the crew. Observation room.” 

It was a burial ground. What were once the bodies of the Icarus I crew were now remains so charred and seared, some corpses were indistinguishable from the others. They lay in an awful blackened lump together, singed into near ash. 

“It looks like the filters are completely gone,” Sirius said, tapping into the keyboard. Alice was kneeling down with a mournful expression, her fingers hovering over a body as if to reach out and touch it but unable to. “They’ve been destroyed completely.”

“They died of exposure to the sun’s full potential,” said Remus, incapable of tearing his eyes away. He watched the tremble of Alice’s fingers outstretched and wondered absurdly if they would still be hot if she touched them. 

“We could die of it too,” Peter said from behind the bench, keeping away from the mass of bodies. He nodded to the window where Icarus II was completely blocking the view. “If Icarus II weren’t there right now, there’d be nothing between us and the sun.” 

“Fuck.” The other three looked up to stare out the window in unison, the proximity of their deaths hushing them. 

There was a moment of silence that could only be described as having the air of a funeral. A deafening quiet overtook the crew as they stared out the window at their ship, their own massacred reflections dead at their feet. When death occurs the confrontation of it is split into the mourning of the dead and the immediacy of one’s own mortality. Death hung like a thick smoke, perfuming the air so densely it could be touched if any one of them would reach out to grasp it. But like Alice hovering over the bodies, none of them truly desired to seize the ultimate unknown, for all that they were eager to explore it in among stars. 

They had dedicated their lives to the mission, because when humanity felt the coldness of the sun’s dying retreat, they reached out with brittle fingers to grasp the immortality back, grappling desperately. With survival so intimately ingrained into human instinct, it seemed impossible to imagine what ran through James’ mind as he openly waited for death to greet him. 

No one stirred and to an outsider it would possibly appear as if the scientists were praying. Though to what in the absence of god, it could not be exactly determined. Even in science there remained an unseeable force that continued on without consideration of lives, though it seemed silly to implore to such nature when it ignored the imploring. 

Then the ship jerked violently and the four crew members were unbalanced momentarily, breaking out of their thoughts. 

“Airlock connection damaged,” Icarus’ voice floated across the comm link as if lightly informing them of the weather. 

“Fuck,” Sirius swore as the crew ran from the observation deck to the airlock. From behind the EVA door they could see the airlock that connected the ships, wrecked and somehow destroyed since they last entered. 

“How the hell --” 

“I don’t know,” Lily cut Sirius off as she checked the stats on her screen. “But it’s badly damaged and I can’t reconnect them.” 

“We’re stranded?” Peter said in a high, fearful voice. 

“We can still get back,” Sirius said, leaping over to the wall like a madman. He yanked at the suit attached to it and looked up at his colleagues, steel determination set over his features as he held the single space suit. “Or one of us will at least.” 

Immediately he began to lug the suit over to where Remus stood helplessly in the middle, Alice hurrying over to assist as they pushed Remus to step inside.

“No!” Peter exclaimed suddenly. An ugly look twisted his features as he stood, somehow taller than his normal posture affected, and more menacing despite his trembling. “I won’t be left here to die!” 

“You’re the communication officer on a ship with no communication,” Sirius argued loudly. “Remus is the physicist and a high priority officer --” 

“He doesn’t deserve the suit more than me!” Peter yelled, throwing a shaking, accusatory finger in Remus’ direction. “Just because we have different career paths -- and you’re in love with him! I don’t deserve to die because you decided!”

“No one’s going to die,” Sirius said, voice edged with aggressive resolve. He spared Peter another withering glare before moving purposefully to the wall again. Mercilessly, he began to rip at the insulation. “We’re going to wrap ourselves the best we can. It’ll protect us.” 

Frantically, Remus tried to make eye contact with him