"So you've forgotten me already? And here I thought we had somethin' special." The voice rang out again, and this time, Adrien couldn't deny, for he was fully awake by now, that it had originated in his own head.

Something was beginning to stir in the back of Adrien's mind… a memory of a nearly forgotten dream… a man called 'Plagg' and a promise of greatness in return for…

"Ah, I see you DO remember me. Right then, just keep in mind that I'm not a human 'man', and neither are you anymore, technically. I'm a cat-demon and you're my host, and it's about time you got to looking for something for us to eat. You've been asleep for hours!"

Adrien clutched his head as a flood of memories from the night before filled his mind, pushing aside the recollections of the dream he just had until they were only faint wisps. It felt like he had crammed for a test, but then immediately started studying for a different test, and since his brain didn't have the capacity, all the information he'd gathered for the first test was being thrown out.

That's right… He was a superhero now, called 'Chat Noir'. He had two weeks to prove himself to Ladybug, and he also had to find a more permanent dwelling for himself now that he was no longer 'Adrien Agreste', and no longer under his father's influence… no longer subject to torments like being shipped off to college so his father wouldn't be troubled just by the look of him. He reasoned that the dream must've been his subconscious experiencing a bit of buyer's remorse and coping with it by drawing up a picture of what might've happened if he hadn't agreed to his deal with Plagg.

Spirits lifting as he recalled his promising prospects, Adrien - nay, Chat – began to yawn and stretch his limbs, for they were feeling just a touch achy from their night on the bench. "Say, what time is it, Plagg?" Adrien ventured, hoping the knowledge would help him feel a little less disoriented.

"Seems you don't remember that you don't have to talk out loud for me to hear you, kid. I'd prefer it if we kept things on the private line; cats are supposed to be stealthy, you know?" Plagg chastised before replying: "And for your information, it's around seven at night."

"What!?" Chat exclaimed, only barely managing to keep his squeal internal, "I slept all day!? And how can it be so light out for so late? The sun should nearly be set by now!"

"Weren't you paying attention at all yesterday? Sheesh, I don't like repeating myself, you know, so listen up this time! Hosting a demon grants the host certain physical benefits, such as improving their body's existing functions – this is why you don't need your glasses anymore, by the way, as you were noticing a little while ago – and beyond that, the type of demon who inhabits the body determines what types of powers they'll have. Being a cat-demon, my hosts benefit from night vision and increased nocturnal stamina, however they also tend to be quite tired during the daytime as a result, but given our line of work, being nocturnal suits us just fine."

"Whoah… awesome! Hey, what else can cat-demon hosts do?"

"Okay, I get that you're excited, kid, but can we get some food first, or-?"

"Aw come, on, please? Just show me one trick!"

"…They're not 'tricks', you sod." Plagg dead-panned grumpily, seemingly offended. With a sigh, he continued, "They're 'powers'. I can see now we're going to need to start out slow, so why don't you try leaping for me, hm?"

"Like this?" Chat asked, but was already coiled and pouncing before Plagg could respond. He found himself rocketing skyward through the boughs of the willow tree and had to flail about to grab a branch to stop himself from falling rather ungracefully on the way back down. "Holy sh-!" He exclaimed aloud, unable to contain his excitement, but was cut short from finishing by an indignant snort from Plagg.

"Language!" the cat-demon chided.

"Oh, sorry… didn't realize you'd be offended."

"Yeah well, what I find possibly more offensive is that you're STILL not working on getting us some eats! Come on, now, we've got a long night ahead of us and I need carbs! Preferably cheese... if you can find any."

"Er… I can't have cheese, I'm dairy intolerant."

"…You're joking."

"'Fraid not."

"…You've got to be bloody kidding me," the demon cursed