shrugged. ‘It’s what Father would’ve done.’

Hermione grimaced, and he guiltily realised he’d probably gone too far. Portentia looked at him solemnly. He probably should’ve said the part about murder and blackmail in a language an Auror’s daughter didn’t understand, too.

‘We aren’t interested in Lucius’ solutions at this point in time,’ Narcissa said, rather politically, if Draco was asked. She’d put up with a great deal of shit from his father over the years and Lucius knew it, which was the only reason he didn’t put up more of a fight for dominance in the Manor any longer. That and the fact that Narcissa was better at Arithmancy and therefore managed the estate well enough without his input.

‘Fine,’ he said. ‘Have they taken the werewolves into custody—protective or otherwise?’

‘No,’ said Narcissa. ‘The Ministry just received the communiqué this morning; they’re still looking for the werewolves.’

This was getting very complicated. And strange. ‘Then I suggest we find them and get them on our side before the Auror force does.’

Hermione bit her lip, considering. ‘What other information do we have?’ 

‘Very little,’ Narcissa admitted. ‘My sources have traced the owl’s origin to Scotland. The writer claimed that he or she had created twenty werewolves.’

‘For what purpose?’ Draco couldn’t help asking.

Narcissa shook her head. ‘There was no explanation given—but we can all imagine the result it will have. At this point, the perpetrator’s motive is unimportant to us; we must now handle the fallout of this and the Dutch article.’

She sighed, rubbing her temples, and Draco’s stomach did a little flip. He’d never seen his mother so out of sorts. Well, not since His Lordship was in residence, anyway. 

‘Okay,’ said Hermione. ‘I’ll see what I can get out of Harry and Ron. That is, if they haven’t been pulled off the case because of conflict of interest.’ 

Hermione stood up again to pace back and forth as she and Narcissa returned to rapid-fire French brainstorming, neatly sidestepping little Potter and her building blocks. She was calmer now, but Draco could still smell the residual anger rolling off her in waves of heady pheromones. And bugger, but Draco wanted. He wanted her fully and wholly and without the excuse of a disappointment at the lab between them.  

Narcissa’s office door opened after a quick knock, and his father stuck his head in. He scanned the scene before him, quickly noting Hermione and Narcissa’s intense discussion, the stacks of newspapers, blackmail folders, background information on various Ministry personnel, and Potter’s daughter playing with Draco’s old snap-and-build blocks on the floor. He then turned to Draco and lifted one eyebrow.

Draco did not need further incentive. He stood, holding out his hand for little Potter. ‘Come on then, Potterette,’ he said. ‘Bring your blocks and we’ll go play somewhere more fun.’

Neither of the women even noticed him leaving; such was life. Portentia did collect her things and take his hand, and they followed Lucius out of Narcissa’s very modern office and down the hall into Lucius’s more traditional one. Where his mother’s office was all light grey walls, black leather furniture, and—Draco shuddered—silver accents everywhere, his father’s was warm wood and cosy leather. And it had scotch.

‘Shall I assume it understood between us that babysitting Potters is beneath Malfoys?’ his father asked, as he summoned an elf to bring Potterette a warm pumpkin juice and a plate of choco bikkies. The Arctic Kneazles were still playing in the background, more softly now at least.

‘Thank you, Mr Mawfoy,’ Portentia said around a biscuit. ‘Daddy doesn’t let me have choco bikkies before dinner, but Mummy says his head’s infested.’ She then returned to ignoring them in favour of her blocks.

Lucius smirked. 

Draco shrugged and accepted the scotch, taking a seat on the well-worn leather couch opposite the fire. His mother didn’t have a fireplace in her office. She liked to keep visitors cold and uncomfortable so they’d be more likely to acquiesce to her demands just to escape her frigid office. 

‘Probably for the best,’ Draco agreed.

The music changed, and Draco was certain the gramophone was now playing Kate Bush. He knew her only because Granger had her albums, and she looked almost exactly like her—and Hermione’s voice got just as high-pitched when she was especially hacked-off. He was not convinced, however, that his father realised she was a Muggle. 

‘Who's that playing?’ he asked, to be certain.

‘Kate Banshee,’ said Lucius. ‘A witch from Welling. Your mother bought me the record for my fiftieth. Delightful lyrical coloratura soprano. I’ve no idea why she isn’t more