and drank in the comforting hum of her Court on her way to her princess’s side. The table occupied by Feferi today was stripped of ornament save a canvas cloth dyed with spilled splotches of old dye, washed but still present and proudly declaring themselves a lost cause.

     “Not working with acids today, I see,” she commented brightly as she sunk to one of the plump cushions and fussed with her skirts. The blonde human sitting next to her turned to help, artfully arranging them and giving a glowing smile as she spoke up in a delightful husky voice.

     “I do believe that the objective of today’s distillations is to render an attar from flowers and obtain the peak color and scent for this particular bloom,” she explained with a tilted chin towards Feferi oh-so-carefully adjusting the flame of the lamp and jotting down the resulting change in the purple goo in a small cache of notes. Aradia caught the scent as the heat intensified and laughed again.

     “You bullied her into making you some perfume, Rose? You know that asking nicely could get you places one of these days.”

     Feferi again leaned away from the flask with goopy rose petals, carefully balanced over almost but not quite bubbling water, and shoved her tyrian-tinted lenses from her eyes. Jade had been insistent upon strict safety measures upon their initial meetings, in the first season she, Rose, and Dirk had visited Court, the fist season that Court had existed, and she now wore her rosey shades every time she worked at being a chemist or alchemist, on a long string of pink pearls.

     “It’s not like humans can get the right tints in things the way we trolls can and Rose needs new ink! I mean, even if their blood was the right consistency” – (“and of course you would know SO MUCH about the consistency of human blood,” Dirk deadpanned) – “there’s the whole, blah blah bright fucking red thing to deal with,” she explained with seeming to need to take a breath. “The Twilight Eve subspecies of rose goes right down to near-purple though, when it’s rendered! I just need to figure out the beeeeeest way to go to lavender from here and then what binding to hold together the pigments but come on, binders are the simplest shit out there!”

     “I was thinking that it could have other uses, say, cosmetics? Perhaps simply melding the attar with lanolin would work best as a general base, to give color to cheeks?” asked Rose as she lounged against Dirk companionably. Her eyes were ringed in kohl today, making them glow against her tawny skin and the gray of her Emissary robes. Dirk was cut from the same cloth, with the same high cheekbones and broad shoulders and wiry build. His hair was paler and unlike his cousin freckles dotted his face and arms. “Lanolin after all is an exquisite substance for complexions and keeping skin smooth. I’m afraid the details of the lip tint is beyond me.”

     Dirk spoke up then, from his position facing away from the table.

     “Emissary to the Elder Gods Lalonde here wants to look like she’s killed a man before she eats her daily souls for breakfast,” he noted dryly. Rose made her eyes go wide and shocked at that, hands moving to her mouth and setting her wide sleeves sliding up arms.

     “Oh, no! We Emissaries would never eat souls for breakfast, oh dear. We needs must reap them in the morning, fresh with dew, and then let them age properly for consumption.” Here she reached out fast as a flash to flick Dirk’s bangs with two fingers. “Souls are therefore strictly a supper dish for the initiated.”

     “What, they can’t even keep till the next morning? That seems like an awful waste. Think of all the time you could save by preparing a breakfast the day ahead!” teased Aradia.

     “Trust me,” replied Rose in the very image of solemnity, “They spoil. And nothing starts a day off worse than dealing with a spoiled, rotten soul.”

     Aradia had to let loose her laughter then as Feferi immediately began theatrical pouting.

     “Don’t you say it!” she said menacingly. The rippling of the fins on her face betrayed the fact that she was doing her best to keep from a whoop of laughter.

     “Can I not think it at least, O most royal Imperial Highness, She of Ocean Stars, Wise One, Keeper of the Emissaries?” sighed Aradia.

     “You seem to have forgotten Sagacious Serendipity,” Rose commented.

     “Precious August Pearl?” Dirk called over his shoulder.

     Feferi was saved from further jokes by her attar bursting into flame.

     “ShitshitshishitshitshitshisHIT!” she yelped and glared at it. The flame and the lamp both immediately went out, without so much as a wisp of smoke to betray the fact, and she slumped a bit before focusing her attention to the palm of her right hand. Slowly, then faster, forming out of a dense mist, a small inkwell appeared in her palm.

     “Sorry Rose, I guess I need to not get so excited when doing