d never felt before.

“Come on. Fuck me already!” England cried.

Grinning at England’s good impersonation of his own loud demands, America was happy to oblige. He swung England back and forth on the swing, thrusting himself deeper and deeper into the other nation. Their cries and moans and the sound of shaking furniture filled the bedroom. They were definitely going to get complaints from the neighbors and America definitely didn’t care. England was also clearly too far gone to care.

“Deeper… deeper…” he mumbled until his words dissolved into breathless moans.

Flushed and painting, America pounded him hard, making the bed frame creak as the swing arched back and forth.

Eyes half-lidded and gaze unfocused, England slumped backward on the swing and blinked rapidly as he watched the room move back and forth… back and forth. With a breathless moan, he came onto his own stomach.

Feeling England’s body tightly spasm around his cock, America forgot himself and came while shouting England’s name.

Stifling a yawn, he blinked down at England in satisfaction. “See, I told you I had more stamina,” he bragged. The British nation barely seemed to hear him. “How you feelin’?” America asked, ready for some compliments on his awesome fucking skills.

“Relaxed,” England murmured. “Sleepy.”

“Good.” America grinned and helped him out of the harness and onto the bed. “Go to sleep.”

Without another word, England’s eyes fell shut and he faceplanted into the pillow.

America wrapped his arms around the other nation and fell asleep with a smile on his face. Maybe England was right after all about better sex through hypnosis.

By the time America woke up the next day, bright sunlight had filled the bedroom and the clock on the nightstand told him it was past noon. He glanced over at the other side of the bed and grinned to see that England was still conked out on his pillow.

Taking advantage of the rare chance to cook breakfast before England could, America wandered down to the kitchen. One pot of coffee, two pans of bacon, and six scrambled eggs later, he returned to find England still sleeping deeply.

“Time to wake up, sunshine,” America said playfully as he set the breakfast tray next to England. The other nation blinked and sat up quickly.

“You made me breakfast?” he asked in trepidation. “You really didn’t have to.”

“I know.” America smiled. “I like making you breakfast.”

“I wish you wouldn’t,” England complained, even as he took a bite of the eggs. “It’s burnt and crunchy and you didn’t make any coffee.”

America stared in confusion. “Don’t you want tea?”

England rolled his eyes and kept talking while he ate. “Just because I like the taste of you doesn’t mean I like your leaf water, England.”

“Oh, shit.” America gulped and felt a rush of panic. England had asked him to hypnotize him into doing something different in the bedroom. He wasn’t supposed to trap England into thinking he was America permanently.

“What’s wrong?” England asked with concern.

“I… forgot to do… something with the fairies…” America mumbled, pulling out the first excuse that came to mind. While England sighed and rolled his eyes and continued polishing off all of the food on the breakfast tray, America slipped out of the bedroom and hurried into the den. He grabbed the book on mesmerism. “Shit, shit, shit,” he muttered to himself as he skimmed the pages for some way to break trances.

One hour and forty pages later, the only solution he could see was to get England into another hypnotic trance so he could break his previous suggestion. That couldn’t be too hard, right? He’d already done it once.

He just needed to make England relax and then focus his gaze on something until he drifted back into a trance. It was supposed to be easier each time he did it.

Still poring over the book, America glanced up when he heard England stomp into the room. The other nation gave America an exasperated smile. “Figures you’d be in here.”

“Yeah, you know me. I love books!” America replied with a tight smile. “Speaking of which, I’ve got this really cool one on mesmerism and I was thinking…”

“Seriously, babe?” England shook with laughter. “You know hypnosis isn’t real!”

“You might be surprised.”

“I doubt it.” England shrugged. “Wanna go get burgers? I’m still starving.”

America’s stomach growled, reminding him that England had stolen his portion of breakfast. As much as the idea of taking England out in public worried him, he was really hungry. As usual, his hunger pangs won the debate.

It was a good thing the closest McD’s was within walking distance because America had never really gotten the hang of driving on the left and even he wasn’t sure he wanted to risk