I'm also working on a partner fic for this.

Also: This chapter was brought to you by all the k-drama soundtracks I had, that should explain a lot of the mood. As always, I'm crispypata on tumblr if you need me!

When he was younger, Adrien loved fairytales.

There were the classic books, of course, but just as much as he loved hearing them before bed, some of the best were made up between him and his mother. Sometimes, he was the prince, others he was the faithful companion that helped save the day. There were always the constants: a prince, a princess, and an evil that split the two apart. And each time, no matter how much fate tried to pull them apart, love was always the answer.

When his mother first disappeared, he still believed that to be true. In fairytales, mothers always seemed absent but he knew she loved him more than anything else that she would come back. She would fight whatever dragons and break whatever spell. She had to.

When his father became controlling and distant soon after, he grew to hate how fairytales always followed the same formula. He hoped and prayed for something to change in his strictly scheduled life but nothing came to break him free. No one knew he was trapped in the tower. He was no longer in control of the story.

And then his fairy godmother came in the form of a small, black cat with a ring and a strange hunger for cheese. He looked in the mirror at his new form, amazed at how his formerly masked emotions leaked out of his body through his ears and tail – how this worked he didn't understand but he absolutely didn’t care.

This gift came with a curse – magic would always come undone when the clock struck. But there was still time, and the entire city was his ball to attend. The lights glittered like stars and he truly felt like he was among them looking down at the city he’s only had glimpses of as he took in the amazing sight from above the rooftops.

He didn’t need real music to dance.

His heart was guiding the way as he leaped over restaurants with their live bands and the screaming laughter of a group of friends heading home made a wide smile crack over his face. His pulse raced as he made the brave vault to the Eifel Tower, and every inch of the city he could see and reach and experience he hungrily drank in.

So when the time came for the warning before the clock metaphorically struck midnight, he made it back through his window safely and mourned the way his vision dulled and his power lessened as the light fell away. But there was a promise – the ring on his finger was not the delicate and fragile magic glass slipper but instead it was a promise that this wasn’t all just a dream. More than that, it was not a pair separated and left behind but something that made him complete.

Adrien considered himself much more fortunate than many storybook characters but didn’t find the dreary mood of his tower fortunate at all. He was born into the lucky chance of a rich life and lucky enough that the one friend he had also held the ticket to his first glimpse of freedom. Chloe was more than happy to arrange for Adrien to be registered at her school and in her class behind his father’s back. Freedom was in sight. He was bound to the rules ingrained in the covers holding his pages but he had the pen once again.

…But now? It felt like he skipped to the last book in the series of tales that made up his life.

His glass slippers were gone, but the queen of the castle returned. His father was much different – kinder, closer, actually present in their dinner conversation the evening before. His house felt faintly like the home he remembered it was long ago. A voice in his head dulled his current worries as it kept whispering over and over like a magic spell: ‘You’re free.’ All previous transgressions and bans from his friends and himself seemed like they never existed in the first place. Anything he could have asked for within reason was right here in reach.

Adrien was just starting to wake, but exhaustion and the soft warmth in his bed whispered in his ear to let his eyes stay shut. He nuzzled further into the pillow.

A weight dragged across his hip as he turned. His cheek met something soft that smelled sweet. He opened his eyes in confusion.

And then he died. He must be dead because he’s looking at heaven.

Or at least, this is what he imagined heaven to be like, minus trays of pastries everywhere and maybe a couple of dark haired, green eyed children he may or may not have already named in his head.

But when the love of your life is sleeping peacefully facing you, hair loose and fanning out over the pillow in between and with an arm draped over your waist, your first thought would arguably be, ‘I must have died and gone to heaven.” Adrien honestly couldn’t think of any