nodded wrapping her arms around his neck and letting him carry her into the kitchen to help cook. 

“Uncle, what are we doing tomorrow? For our birthdays? Cause I heard you talking about doing it at the park but then how will I have fun? I always feel dumb when we go to the park since I have to get all covered up and I can't really play...” She said sadly and Dean shook his head. 

“Don't worry. Yeah, we thought it'd be nice to get out for a while but your dad and I are planning something extra for you since you won't be able to play with your brothers at the park. Have we ever left you out?” Dean asked sitting her on a bar stool at the island counter in the kitchen while he started getting the stuff for the pie and Deanna shook her head smiling a little again. 

“No, you guys always make things fun for me too. I just was worried... I feel bad making everyone do special stuff cause I'm different.” She admitted and Dean flicked her nose lightly. 

“Well don't. It's really no problem princess. I'm just happy to make you little angels happy. That includes you, not just your brothers. So cheer up. It's not everyday you get to turn ten now is it? Plus we're baking sweets and you know the rules. You gotta be happy when making sweets or they won't taste as sweet.” He said and Deanna nodded enthusiastically seeing him getting out the fruit for a mixed fruit crumble which was one of her favorite sorts of pies. 

When Sam got home a few hours later it was to his family all sitting at the table eating dinner happily. He smiled and ruffled each of his children's hair before sitting next to Dean. It had been two years since Gabriel died and things had gotten a little better now. The boys had hit a growth spurt lately and were already getting pretty tall, however, Deanna was definitely taking after her mother still very tiny for her age.  Add in her allergies and bookworm personality and she had a lot of kids target her for bullying. Luckily her brothers were always close by to back her up or take care of things. 

“Daddy? I was wondering... Can I visit Mommy's grave tomorrow?” Deanna asked softly moving the rice around on her plate nervously. She knew her dad still had trouble talking about their mother but she really wanted to visit his grave before her birthday and tell him... or his stone at least... about everything that had happened lately. They didn't go visit very often but she liked having that bit of way to talk to her mommy even though he was gone. 

“Yeah. Yeah, we can do that.” Sam muttered while he started to eat the plate of food Dean had made for him. “How's Cas? Still having trouble with little Felicia?” Sam asked and Dean nodded smiling at the mention of his own daughter. The same day that Gabriel died Castiel told him about being pregnant. Felicia was his little light with her curly dirty blond hair and big blue eyes. However she was starting to get a bit fussy now she was almost two. 

“Oh yeah. I tried to help him but he insisted that he'd just take her out on a mommy-daughter day today.” He said and Deanna just looked at her vegetables picking up a piece of squash and stuffing it in her mouth with a bit of vigor. She hated hearing about stuff like that. It always made the empty part of her heart more noticeable and reminded her of all the teasing she got.  

“Excuse me. I'm not hungry anymore. I'm going to go get ready for bed.” She told them pushing her seat out and heading out of the room. Dean sighed. 

“Sorry... I forget how upset stuff like that makes her. I need to stop saying stuff like that in front of her.” He muttered and Sam shook his head. 

“No, it's fine Dean. It's just something we have to deal with and sometimes it hurts more then other times. Deanna and Gabriel were always closer just like I've always gotten along better with the boys. So she takes it harder then they do.” He said letting Deanna go. She'd probably take Sir Fluffy for a walk like she always did when she was upset. 

Deanna sighed looking at Sir Fluffy upside down from the monkey bars as he wagged his whole butt excitedly since he had a naturally bobbed tail. “Do you ever miss your parents? I know my daddy's doing his best but... But I really miss my mommy. I keep accidentally forgetting he isn't here anymore and calling for him or expecting him to come tickle me or something like before but then... nothing.” She said quietly flipping off the bars and landing on her feet perfectly. She had gotten a lot of practice since they were the only thing on the sand instead of the grass and so the only thing she could