how badly he wants to come himself. When he squeezes his hole around Zach’s cock, he feels a smug thrill as Zach gasps and bites down on his earlobe. He loves knowing he’s getting to Zach. He can feel Zach getting closer and closer to the edge, the slight hitch in his breathing that means he’s about to come, and he clenches down again. Sure enough, seconds later Zach’s pulsing inside him, filling him up with a warm flow of come, and the feeling of it makes Chris come too, spilling into the space between their bodies and splashing them both with his jizz.

They both lie panting for a few moments. Zach stays inside Chris, and they perform the familiar shuffle to the edge of the bed in order to get something to clean them up. It’s always faintly ridiculous, and now is no different, but it’s a refreshing moment of levity following their one-upmanship earlier, and they share a wry grin in acknowledgment of it. Finally Zach reaches the washcloth on the side of the bed and raises himself up a little so he can wipe them both down. Then he collapses back on top of Chris, who squirms from the pressure on the head of his still-sensitive dick. A small part of him wants to give in to the afterglow and snuggle, but he knows that won’t happen while Zach’s still inside him. They’re both too competitive and too greedy to be satisfied with just one round. Plus, Zach will want to get him back for before. He’s already nudging and nuzzling at him, half-kissing, half-biting at his neck and jaw, trying to get Chris hot again. It’s working. Chris isn’t sure he can get hard yet, but he wants to. He’s looking forward to what he knows is going to be a long, intense fuck, and his pulse jumps with anticipation as Zach’s teeth scrape over it.

“You like that?” Zach murmurs, “ That feel good, baby?”

It's a deliberate gear-change. Sweet talk like this is Chris’s kryptonite. He loves being called baby and honey and sweetheart when Zach’s got his dick in him. It’s gonna get him hard in no time, and Zach knows it. Zach’s hands are caressing up and down his spine, and Chris quivers and purrs like a tribble.

“Mmmhmm,” he hums, arching his back. Zach’s growing inside him, and it’s a strange sensation, but it doesn’t hurt; he’s still loose from before, and there’s plenty of lube and come to slick the way.

“Like feeling me getting hard for you?” Zach continues, his voice still soft, a total contrast to the goading tone he was using earlier, “Just can’t resist you baby, you feel so good, gotta have you again, God, never enough just to take you once…”

Chris whimpers and shifts his hips so that he can rock against Zach. They have to keep close together, or else Zach will slip out, so they make tiny little movements while Chris’s cock slowly fills. Zach is still petting him – there’s no other word for it, really, and Chris adores the attention just like a lazy housecat – but his touches are getting a little rougher, his fingernails grazing down Chris’s back. The slight hint of pain zings down to his groin, and he wriggles in Zach’s hold, wanting more friction, more pressure against his prostate.

“Zach,” he whines, but Zach won’t let him move like he wants to, his arms locked around Chris’s back.

“Shh, shh,” Zach gentles him, “Gotta be patient, sweetheart.” He keeps scratching Chris, and Chris can’t get away. He can’t get enough. His whole body is tingling, from his kiss-swollen lips to his nibbled neck to the heated nail-marks down his back to the insistent throb of his cock and balls and asshole. Every nerve ending sizzles.

“You’re gonna come just from my cock,” Zach says, still holding tightly, still dusting kisses all over his neck. He’s rocking a bit more as he hardens, getting more movement now. Chris can’t respond in words, but he makes little whimpering moans in the back of his throat, squirming in pleasure as Zach gives him something to grind against.

“So hard for you,” Zach continues, “You feel me getting hard? I’m ready to fuck you again and I’m gonna make it feel…so…good.” Each of his last three words is punctuated by a sharper thrust, and Chris gasps at the change of pace. Zach’s still crowding Chris, using his weight to full advantage, his shoulders pinning Chris on his back and his hands on Chris’s hips now, guiding them together. Chris’s hands are kept by his sides, but he