it, and, before it can even fully finish going through, continues.

[AND DON'T LIE.]

He waits. Puts the phone in his lap and looks over at Sans; his brother is hugging all of his blanket to his chest, a weird little ball of squished fabric.

Papyrus looks away; down at his finger, at the twisted, out of place, bits of bone.

He curls it— bone scrape against bone, and pain blurs through his mind, catching his breath and leaving him shaking; his vision smears, and he stretches his finger.

Pain.

It's so easy to let himself be dragged along; to blank his mind and feel nothing except the burst of painpainpain—

The phone in his lap vibrates.

He's not sure how much time has passed; doesn't care. He stills his right hand as best as he can, waits till the pain goes back down to a throb.

Reads the message.

[i'm not sure how to put this but i'll try also please don't be mad??? or ignore this?? so ok i get really frantic about people i care about. one time nice was going somewhere and he forgot to text me when he got there and i ended up freaking out bc what if he had gotten hurt or was in trouble or something??? and sometimes it kinda also counts for people i personally don't really know or care that much about?? like you seem like a really awesome dude and i would love to be your friend but i dont know you yet so i cant say i care about you personally? (im sorry that sounds really mean) but frisk do and they're like the best person i know and i dont want them to be sad and so i got kinda... worried about you?? bc frisk fucking adores you you're like their favourite person. and thats why i texted you]

Frisk.

Of course.

He closes his right hand, breathes in, out. Answers.

[I'M NOT MAD. ALSO, I'M OKAY. I AM ONE HUNDRED PROCENT FINE, HONESTLY. SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY! SO PLEASE DON'T BOTHER WORRYING ABOUT ME? OR TEXTING, NYEHE. I'M FINE!]

He waits a second— reads it over twice, before sending it off and laying his phone back onto the desk.

He gets up.

He walks quietly downstairs, flexing his right hand as he walks— he's wearing his sleepwear, short-sleeves and slacks, and he scratches the fingers of his left over his humerus, manages to catch the edge of a crack.

The kitchen is dark and empty, and he snaps off a piece of bone, presses it against his palm.

He opens the fridge and takes the leftover pancakes out.

Papyrus doesn't bother with a plate; simply takes the stack of tin-foil wrapped pancakes in hand, and walks out of the kitchen.

There's a glass door next to the stairs, leading out into the garden— Papyrus opens it, and steps outside.

The piece of bone in his hand is slowly fading, turning to dust against his palm— he closes his eyes, savours the feeling.

Dust.

Fading and crumbling, turning into nothing— he uncurls his hand, and the breeze catches the dust, sends bits of him into the wind.

The sky is black with night, stars blinking. Wind tugs at his shirt.

He pushes the door back into the frame, and steps further outside.

The garden is grassy; young flowers still growing, a few bushes, even a tree— Papyrus drops himself down onto the grass, dumps the pancakes beside him, and looks up.

His breath shakes out of him.

Stupid.

He is so stupid.

He crosses his legs, bends forward and presses his face into his hands; he curls his fingers into the back and top of his skull, wheezes out a breath.

Idiotic child, of course nobody would care about him.

It wasn't like he had honestly thought BP cared about him— it had just been a nice thought, an idle idea.

He's nothing, nobody, unimportant, a waste of time and space— his breath hitches, and he drags his fingers over his skull, digging in the tips.

His pinkie finger screams in pain, and he makes a point of digging it even harder into his skull— it's like he's choking on air and tears, and he can't breathe, he can't breathe.

It would probably just be better if he didn't—

He wrenches his hands away, gasps in a breath of air he doesn't want— tears drip down his face, and he wipes them away with shaking hands.

"Stop it," he says, out loud, tries to make his voice as stern as possible. "You're being a baby."

He puts his hands down in his lap, breathes in. Out.

Not yet. He can't leave yet, he has to be sure—

Sans would probably be