bottle of medicine from the cabinet and made your way back to Mako, who had gotten up off the couch and was about to grab his chain-hook off the coffee table.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, where do you think you're going?" you asked, advancing on him quickly. He grabbed his weapon and mask, seemingly ignoring you.

"'m not gonna sit 'round all day either," he said matter-of-factly as he pulled his mask onto his face. "Got 'mportant stuff t' do," You frowned at him. You weren't the only one who could be stubborn.

"Mako, don't be this way," you pleaded. "I know you don't feel well. You do so much for us already, could you please take one day off to rest?" He held the menacing hook in his hand, staring at it intently. Your stare bored into him. He felt like he was slacking by sitting around all day. Being doted on by you was nice, but he had a sense of responsibility to dote on you instead. He didn't want to burden you. He looked away from his weapon to look at you. Oh, God damn it. That doe-eyed stare punched right through his iron will. He grumbled and sat down, tossing his weapon on the table and yanking his mask off with a harrumph.

"Fine," he sighed. You smiled and sat next to him, setting the bottle of medicine aside so you could hug him. He lifted his arm and wrapped it around you, pulling you flush to him. You nuzzled into his side.

"I promise I'll make a day of staying inside fun," you assured him, one hand rubbing his back. He chuckled a little bit.

"Yeah? How y' gonna do that?" he asked. You responded by shifting yourself into his lap and leaning up to kiss him. His lips were scarred and rough, and his lower canines poked past his lips, but you wouldn't have him any other way. He sighed in content, his large hands resting on your hips. You nibbled at his lower lip, earning you a low rumble and a tongue pushing past your lips. As soon as you reciprocated, however, he realized his mistake and pulled away from you. You looked into his dark brown eyes with disappointment. "Wait. Won't y' get sick 'f we do this?"

"We'll jump off of that bridge when we get to it," you decided, your arms looping around his neck. "I'm the doctor here, right? And what I recommend is bed rest," He laughed heartily at your cheesy pick up line. Your cheeks were tinged pink as you laughed too. He planted a smooch on the top of your head. You grinned as you kissed him again, this time with no holds barred. He didn't hesitate to slip his tongue in your mouth this time, nor did he hesitate to grab your ass. You moaned softly as his fingers dug into the plush flesh. A whine left you when he pulled away from you again, but he quickly filled the gap with kisses and bites to your neck. His free hand tugged at your shirt, which you quickly discarded. Your blush deepened as he stared at your lacy pink bra. It was the same one of the set he'd swiped for you on his last heist. He had mentioned that he would like to see you wear it, and here it was. He had the sneaking suspicion that you might have planned this all along.

He chuckled and pulled at the straps, moving his kisses lower and lower until his face was nestled between your breasts. You giggled as his scratchy stubble tickled you, while his teeth latched onto your skin. You could feel the skin bruising already. Roadhog made quick work of your bra and tossed it to the floor. His lips moved to your nipple, sucking and nibbling gently while his hand tended to the other breast. You moaned, burying your head into his soft white hair. Your hips rocked against him, rubbing against his growing erection. He growled, moving to tug at your bottoms and underwear. Once he had wiggled them down enough, he slipped one hand between your legs. One thick finger rubbed along your wet heat, and you melted under his touch. Your thighs quaked as he tweaked your clit with his thumb and forefinger, eliciting a loud cry from you. He pulled away from your chest to look at your face properly. Your whole face was red, and your breath was labored as he continued to rub you. Your lips quivered as he brushed over your clit again.

"Makoooo..." you whined, bucking your hips against his hand. He grinned smugly. He loved hearing you beg. "Mooore..."

"More what? Can't give y' what y' want 'f y' don't ask," he told you bluntly. You whined again in a mixture of pleasure and frustration. Sometimes you hated how much he loved to tease you