point that he had to pull it free of its entrapment. In his hands was the scrapbook that he’d brought to her to cheer her up. A whole life in these pages, one which he’d give anything to live over again.


I took the supermarket flowers from the windowsillThrew the day old tea from the cupPacked up the photo album that you had madeMemories of a life that’s been loved


In his bedroom there, were, even more, items, more memorabilia that would haunt him if left alone. The card that Henry and Michael had made for her, her boxes of pills on the bedside cabinet, even the strange tasting soda that she seemed to love in a bottle by the side of the bed, it all had to go. It took everything in him to even move, but it had to go.

There were many memories of when he was young... when they’d been a family, where they’d both told him to be strong, but how could he be strong right now. Sitting at the edge of the bed, it began to sink in. The reality was that he’d never hear her voice again and it was a pain he couldn’t bare. ‘All it takes is a single tear to open the floodgates’ he heard his inner voice say, but the tear came regardless.


Took the get well soon cards and stuffed animalsPoured the old ginger beer down the sinkDad always told me don’t you cry when you’re downBut mum there’s a tear every time that I blink


“I’m so sorry,” he sobbed to no one. “I should have been there…”

The longer he sat, the more he thought of all the times he’d needed her, all the times she was there. Tears began to stream and Spencer’s face turned red in anguish of all of the things that he’ll never be able to do or say to her again. Turning back, he placed a hand on the middle of the bed where he’d found her.


Oh I’m in pieces it’s tearing me up but I knowA heart that’s broke is a heart that’s been loved


“I know…” he began before choking up. “I know that I’ve never really believed… but I need you to look after her. I’ve done what I could, and I need you to take it from here…” He laughed a little through his tears, unable to believe what he was doing but the prayer continued. “She… she was my mom and… I loved her, even when she was at her worst… but you best be thankful, because in her own way she was so amazing, and loving and…”

He couldn’t do it. The words wouldn’t keep coming, so instead, he looked up at the ceiling like he’d seen so many people with faith do and just thought the things he wanted to say.


So I’ll sing Hallelujah, you were an angel in the shape of my mumWhen I fell down you’d be there holding me upSpread your wings as you goAnd when God takes you backHe’ll say Hallelujah, you’re home.


The space in the bed where she’d lay was still unmade, a sign of what had happened that needed to be removed. Frantically, he grabbed hold of the pillow, tugging at the ends so that it straightened and puffed out before pulling the corner of the duvet across. Spencer was about to lean down to pick up her nightgown when the second wave hit him like a storm surge. Crying out with tears, he held his head in his hands, sobbing once more.

“Spence…” came a warm and comforting voice, causing him to stand and look in embarrassment. In the doorway stood JJ, sympathy in her eyes and an apologetic smile on her lips. “I’m so sorry about…”

“Don’t say it,” he pleaded, more tears running down his face. “I… I can’t yet.”

“It’s ok,” she replied. “We don’t have to say or do anything yet.”

There was a short and awkward pause where neither party even seemed to breathe until Spencer broke and stepped forward. Instinctively, JJ accepted him into an embrace, wrapping him up in her arms and letting him hide against her shoulder. The pair stood, JJ rubbing his back soothingly like she would her own child, for what seemed like hours even though it was only moments.

“I need to… make arrangements…” Spencer began, standing up straight again. His cheeks and eyes were bright red from crying but his expression was determined.

“Spencer, that can wait…” she began in reply but he knew what he wanted.

“No, I wanna do it now,” he answered, another tear beginning to roll down the side of his cheek. JJ cupped his face in her hands, wiping away the tear with her thumb as she looked into his eyes and saw the need to busy himself.

“Ok,” she said. “