other, trying to get closer to the vents in search of the cold air from a ventilation system that can't keep up with the combination of hot weather and too many bodies. Jackson wrinkles his nose.

"We should have just called a cab," he complains for what's definitely not the first time; Mark just ignores him. He's tapping away on the screen of his phone, probably playing some game, so Jackson is surprised when he lifts his head to give Jackson an inscrutable expression.

"Jinyoung says you're dead," Mark says, and Jackson groans into his arm, stretched up to hold onto one of the grips hanging from the ceiling.

"There were still fruit loops," he says, deciding to ignore the milk issue, and Mark laughs.

Their stop is called and they elbow their way through the crowd, dodging other elbows and finally emerging on the sidewalk beneath a sun already too hot for comfort. Mark laughs at Jackson's expression, and they duck beneath the awnings of the shops as they make their way to Angelo's—

"You said ice cream," Mark says, expression noncommittal though his eyes are already darting over the myriad of gelato flavours in the glass-topped display freezers. The cool air feels beautiful on his skin, and Jackson is so lost in debating between mango and lemon that the sudden weight on his back takes him completely by surprise—

"What the—" Jackson sputters, rearing back as Mark laughs somewhere to his right and then there's a familiar voice giggling in his ear. "BamBam!" he exclaims, trying to catch his breath around his heart pounding beneath his ribs.

"I stopped by the shop but you weren't there," BamBam says, slipping off Jackson's back to land at his side, pressing his nose to the glass display case. "You can get me strawberry."

"Get it for yourself," Jackson says, but they both know he's lying, wallet already in hand as he gives the smiling Mr Angelo their orders, Mark adding a passion fruit before Jackson hands over his card.

"Why were you at the shop anyway?" he asks, and BamBam rolls his eyes.

"I want that tattoo," he says, not even batting an eyelash as Jackson opens his mouth to interject—

"Absolutely not!" Jackson rolls his eyes right back at BamBam, who scowls, taking an angry bite of gelato as Mr Angelo hands the three servings over the counter.

"Mark—" BamBam begins, but Mark just shrugs. It's almost comforting, this old routine, and Jackson isn't surprised when BamBam is already brushing up alongside him as they walk the few blocks to the park. Jackson hums, noting that BamBam's shoelace is trailing, and hands his mango gelato over to Mark under the shade of the trees as he bends down to tie BamBam's shoelace.

"You're like my mom," BamBam laughs, and Jackson takes an extra large bite of gelato to keep the words from spilling out of his mouth. Mark eyes him from the other side of the path, but Jackson ignores him. He swallows the flutter in his chest, just another bite of cereal. Soggy fruit loops.

 

BamBam's phone goes off as they're finishing their gelatos, tossing the paper cups and small plastic spoons into the recycling bins filled with the remnants of more mid-summer sweets because everyone's trying to beat the heat. Jackson's eyes flick up to BamBam's animated expression, then dart away.

There's a familiar figure approaching from down the bath, beneath the poplars waving in the sticky breeze; BamBam shouts goodbye and something about Yugyeom and a movie as Youngjae comes into view, walking Coco who's somehow still crisp and white, even in the heat.

"You should say something," Youngjae says, watching as BamBam recedes down the path. Jackson huffs.

"He doesn't—"

Coco interrupts with a single sharp bark, as though to say, "Stop lying," and Jackson's protest turns into laughter as he leans down to pet the small dog.

"I raised you well," Youngjae says, grinning as he hands the leash to Mark. "I need to go to the library," he says, and Mark nods. "I'll be back for supper," Youngjae adds, and he doesn't kiss Mark but the way his hand lingers on Mark's shoulder is somehow closer than a kiss.

Jackson swallows, pretends he isn't jealous. When he stands after chucking Coco under the chin one last time, Mark just lifts one eyebrow.

 

Jaebum is just walking up to the flat when Jackson gets home, and glances at Jackson before he presses the call button for the lift.

"Am I still dead?" Jackson asks. Jaebum shrugs.

"Give me five to distract him, just in case," he says, and Jackson spies the white box tucked beneath one of Jaebum's arms.

"Cupcakes?" he asks, mouth already watering, and Jaebum nods. The air is cooler in the lobby, and the