Isaac yips loudly, and Stiles jerks his head back up just in time to see a clearing approaching through the trees. And, oh christ, he feels sick, this is where they’d found him, he hasn’t been back since—

  The dizziness hits him soon after like a ton of bricks. Blearily, Stiles can see Scott, tied to what Stiles can only assume is the remains of the Nemeton.

  They’re not even at the edge of the clearing when they hear Scott cry, “Look out!”

Thank you guys so much for putting up with me T*T

~Zoom Zoom

January 18th, 2012 

Derek snorts, but then Stiles gets a light in his eyes that Derek knows can’t be good, like he’s realized something. And Derek knows what he’s thinking. “No, Stiles, don't—”

Ahhh sorry for the delay on this one too. My grandma's been here all week so that's been wild. I'm just about caught up with my in-depth outlines, so I'll need some in between days to catch those up, so please bear with me ^_^'

EDIT 6/19/15: Fixed formatting errors. I'm so sorry for those!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

  It had rained quite a bit in New York, Derek knows; more than most places. And it had been a nice respite from the constant storms of Beacon Hills, but he’d missed it. He’d missed the torrential showers more than anything, and as he watches the rain from the windows of his pack’s home, a sense of comfort settles into his bones.

  His betas are huddled on the couch, watching some PBS murder mystery on the newly-installed TV; it’s been plugged in for barely an hour, and the three teens are already glued to it. It had taken some serious puppy eyes from everyone, including Stiles, to get him to include an entertainment system in the “Great Hale Makeover” that Stiles had finally convinced him of. They’d only just finished renovating the living room enough to safely hook it up, and from the look of things, they won’t be getting much else done.

  Derek snorts through his nose from his place in the doorway to the kitchen, watching Isaac grumble and shove Erica’s socked feet out of his face. There is a distinct lack of Stiles, though, and with it, an itching under Derek’s skin, nagging at him to solve the problem.

  With a sigh, Derek pushes off the doorjamb and trains his ears to the heartbeats in the house. He picks up his betas’ immediately, followed by a couple of mice and a robin that had taken nest in the dilapidated roof of the second kitchen. He only picks up Stiles’ when he walks so far into the rubble that he can no longer hear the TV.

  Frown only deeping, Derek follows the sound to a part of the house he hasn’t been in since the fire, mostly occupied by his father’s vast library; he hadn’t even known the rooms were still accessible.

  But there’s Stiles in the first room, camped out on a torn cushion with over a dozen candles in jars dotting the floor around him. He seems to be reading several books at once, hunched over huge tomes and pocket-sized journals full of old hunters’ scribbles.

  He doesn’t seem to hear Derek approach, so absorbed that he continues to mutter to himself over the texts. A “that can’t be right” here, a “that’s fucking nasty” there. Looking over the human’s shoulder, Derek catches enough of a page to know he’s reading about vampires and their covens, how to kill them, how to become one. Pretty much anything one could want to know about them.

  Stiles continues to mutter quietly, eyes darting over the different pages erratically, until he loudly exclaims, “But why did they come after me?!” as he slams one of the journals closed.

  Derek’s mouth goes dry.

  Honestly, he feels pretty stupid; he should have known Stiles would blame himself for what happened to his dad. It took himself years to even begin to cope with the fire, he can only imagine what Stiles is going through so soon after the one-year anniversary.

  Derek watches Stiles’ hands dart over the books, fingertips sticking to the dry pages in his hurry to keep looking for answers. At least Derek had known why Kate had targeted his family; Stiles had nothing.

  It takes another few minutes for Derek to pluck up the courage to approach, gingerly making his way around the candles to Stiles’ side. The human tenses, hearing his approach, but doesn’t acknowledge his presence as the ‘wolf sits carefully next to him. He waits for Derek to speak.

  That takes some time too, Derek looking anywhere but the boy beside him.

  Finally, he musters enough control to say quietly, “There were twenty-eight people