almost, almost, can't tell the difference. But it's not there." She rotated her arm. "It's heavy, and it's painful. And it makes me angry." 

	"It was never meant to be the same. You lost the real one, and you aren't going to get it back, even if you don't like it. So you need to make do with what you have." Yang growled, turning away and clenching the metal fingers. They flexed fluidly at the joints. "Do you think I don't know that?"

	"Honestly? I don't know what to think. You don't talk to anyone. You spent a good number of days in bed. You barely eat. Then you find out you can get another arm, and how do you deal with it? You brood, skulk, and complain." His voice was filled with disappointment. "How do you think Blake would feel? Seeing you like this." He shook his head with a hint of condescending.

	Both her fists clenched, and she spat through clenched teeth, "She wouldn't care. She left without a word, any sign, not even a note. She abandoned us. She wouldn't care if I was dead, let alone brooding." Qrow raised an eyebrow. "You really believe that?" 

         She breathed, her anger again beginning to drain, and said, "What do you want?"

	"I want you to survive. I want you to get your life back together, and get your head out of your ass." She tensed, feeling the anger rise into her throat. She whispered, "Do you have any idea what happened to me? Do you have any clue what kind of hell I've been through?" He waited, quiet. "In one day, I lost my home, my friends, my," she swallowed, not able to voice what Blake had meant to her, "my.. Partner. And my arm. and then, after everything, my sister decides to take off with my dead friend's team." Her throat ached, tight with emotion.

	"And you got left here, all alone." Qrow walked all the way into the room. Sarcasm colored his voice, and he said, "and, because now you're all alone, you're just gonna skulk, moan, and complain about everything. Because that's going to fix it." Yang wanted to storm away. She could feel the spark that had once driven her ignite in her chest.

	Qrow kept on. "And your mom, good gods, what would she think? She saved your ass, making herself known for the first time since you were born, and guaranteeing you got to fight another day. And yet, here you are."
'He wants you to get angry.' she realized. Her mentality reared, wanting to stay numb, to stay in the slump of sadness and self loathing. But she couldn't stop herself from saying, "Then where is she now?" her voice was still soft, dead.

	"What, you think she is just gonna show up out of no where because her little girl doesn't want to grow up?" Her entire body clenched, her fists drawing up. The smell of singed cedar filled the air around her. Her mind struggled to hold onto the lethargic funk that had developed, but the fire in her chest was too hot. It burned through the chains that her mind had built, and a flood of pure raw emotion filled her. 

	To say she burned was an understatement. The air around her became instantly dry. A wave of heat blasted outwards, and she screamed, feeling fire suffuse her limbs. In a way, it felt good, it felt right, but she couldn't focus on that. "WHERE THE HELL WAS SHE?!? WHY DID SHE LEAVE ME, ALL ALONE, WHY DIDN'T SHE CARE? WE COULD HAVE HELPED HER, BUT SHE LEFT, WITHOUT A NOTE, WITHOUT A SIGN, NOT A WORD TO ANY OF US!" Yang started swinging at things. One hit, and a punching bag split in two, sand spilling everywhere. Another hit broke a barbell in half, the edges of the break melted.

	"I LOVED HER! I WOULD HAVE GIVEN UP EVERYTHING FOR HER, I WAS WILLING TO DIE FOR HER, AND SHE LEFT ME THERE, BLEEDING, UNCONSCIOUS." She didn't even realize she wasn't talking about her mother any more. The pain in her arm was gone, replaced only with the need to break something. Qrow watched, impassive. Tears formed, but evaporated as soon as they left her eyes. Her temperature continued to rise. 

	She stopped swinging, and began shouting at the top of her lungs, obscenities, curses, incoherent screaming. It didn't matter. She raged for almost an hour. At one point, she swung, meaning only to push her fist against a cinder block wall, and instead brought the wall down crashing down. The edges of