'okay, sure.' Alfred hadn't dated much since his first real girlfriend, with whom things had ended...not so great.

Just as he got to the living room and flopped himself onto the couch, ready to pass out for the night, his phone started to ring. He dug it out of his pocket and furrowed his brow at the unfamiliar number. “Hello?” He answered, pressing it to his ear.

“Alfred?” An accented voice drifted through and Alfred tried to bite down a smile, resulting in something closer to a dorky smirk.

“Ivan, hey.”

“Hello. I hope you are doing well.”

“Yeah, fine, and you?” Alfred bit down on a thumbnail. Ivan was all sorts of big and tall, and much more handsome when he wasn't just a picture in the newspaper. Probably as big as Medved, which Alfred liked more than he really should.

But Medved was just so cool. A real-life superhero! How much more amazing could one person get? It was just unfortunate Alfred had to fight him when they met. He was sure, though, that if Medved knew what was going on with the Ghost, that he needed help, he'd understand. Maybe he'd even help Alfred when Gilbert got...impulsive. Except Alfred was going to fix that. He was going to set up something really cool for Gilbert in a field, where it wouldn't matter if he set off a few small explosives now and then. Just until they worked through his impulse issues.

“I am doing well. I was wondering if you could help me with something,” Ivan said. There was some shuffling on the other end. It sounded like paper.

“Alright, shoot.”

“You have heard of this...the Ghost, yes?”

Alfred stiffened, sitting up straighter. What would Ivan Braginsky want with the Ghost? “Yeah, the- uh. Dude that's been blowing places up. What about him?”

“I was wondering what you thought about him. He seems rather...emotionless in the pictures of him, and he- I have read that he does not seem to be intending to hurt people.”

Because he wasn't and as for the emotion thing, Gilbert could get kind of...weird, sometimes. Not really in a good way, closer to somewhere towards neutral. But Alfred couldn't tell Ivan that. “Um~ I don't know. I mean. If he isn't trying to hurt people, then maybe he's just, like, a pyromaniac or something? Just doing it for thrills. Lack of emotions is a sign of depression, so if that's the case, maybe setting off explosives helps him to feel something, you know? But I wouldn't try making assumptions about someone like that.”

That was not at all the case. Alfred was kind of starting to feel bad for lying, so he just gave his best suggestions based on what he'd think if he didn't know the truth. He had to protect Gilbert.

Ivan hummed. There was the distinct sound of a keyboard. “There does not seem to be any motive behind the places he targets. The police reports said they had no connection to each other, but...it could still be possible.”

There wasn't. Not a purposeful one. And why was Ivan asking him, anyway? “I mean, it's a solid idea. But didn't the news say only two of them that had any kind of connection?”

“Right,” Ivan said, a little breathy. He must have gone over that already. “The toy shop did not have any connection to the others places. Those two warehouses, the ones previously owned by the Vargas family, were the only places with commonality.”

Gilbert was really lucky those warehouses used to be owned by the Vargas family. They were a local branch of the Italian mafia, and don Roma was not a man anyone would want to instigate. Even the police preferred to stay away from him.

Alfred shrugged, even though Ivan couldn't see him. “Someone like this...it's impossible to know what's going on in their head. Not without talking to them.”

“Are you suggesting that I- ah. Someone talk to him, rather than try to apprehend him?”

“Uh. Well, I guess? If they can.” Alfred was trying.

“Mm. Well, thank you. This could be...helpful,” Ivan said.

“Sure.” Alfred didn't really see how, but okay. If he said it was helpful.

Ivan started to say something else, but Alfred was distracted by his brother entering the room, socked feet padding across the carpet until he was plopped onto the couch next to him.

“What is small and thin, and gets you into places?” Matthew asked quietly, completely failing at not interrupting Alfred's phone call.

Alfred stared at him, thinking. Ivan's voice was in his ear and it was kind of distracting