out of, and put the bird by a lamp to warm up.

That's when he remembered, his friend, boyfriend? 'Now is not the time to contemplate your relationship status! This is an emergency!' He thought to himself. His good friend Gilbert! Gilbert had a bird, but a couple of years ago it passed away. Gilbert would know what to do!

Matthew picked up the phone and dialed Gilbert's number.

It rang, once, twice, three times

Finally, Gilbert picked up.

"Someone better be dead and or dying! Do you have any idea what fucking time it is?!" Gilbert said sleepily. Matthew didn't realize how late it was…or early for him.

"I'm sorry…. but I need your help…" Matthew said in his soft voice. Matthew could practically hear Gilbert's stupid smirk.

"Did you really need my awesomeness that bad that it couldn't wait?" Gilbert asked in a suggestive tone.

"Not like that!" Matthew says blushing.

"Keseseseseses Just kidding! Relax Mattie!" Gilbert says, waking up.

"Look I found a bird on my walk from the park…its nest was destroyed and the momma bird wasn't anywhere to be found…but I don't know how to take care of a bird!" Matthew says. It was silent on Gilbert's line.

Gilbert let out a loud sigh, "I will catch the first flight out of here… for the meantime, if you have any seeds the bird will eat that… I will bring proper bird feed. Be sure to keep it warm, under a light is preferred. Especially for a baby bird. I will see you soon Mattie…" Gilbert says softly as he hung up.

Matthew says bye softly as he hung up.

"Kuma! Don't jump on the counter! Off!" Matthew says making the bear go away.

 

It was later in the evening. About 4 AM. Matthew made sure to keep the bird in eyesight proximity. He put a small piece of cloth out of the bird, some seeds, and warm water under a lamp. It looked weird, but the bird looked to be asleep. Kumajiro was curled up with Matthew on the couch, that's when Matthew heard the doorbell. Matthew walked sleepily to the door and opened it to reveal ruby red eyes and snow-white hair. Poor Gilbert was covered head to toe in thick jackets. He had a small bag and a cage.

"Let me in Mattie… I'm freezing my ass off out here!" He says. Matthew smiled and let him in.

Gilbert walked in and put his bag down at the front door, it had started to snow and Gilbert looked like he caught some of the snowfall.

"Hallo Mattie!" He says happily hugging Matthew. He gave Matthew a short kiss before pulling away.
"So where's the little guy?" Gilbert asked casually. Matthew was shocked by the kiss…he didn't know if Gilbert was his boyfriend or friend…and this just confused him more! Damnit.

"Little guy….oh yeah… right over here." Matthew says numbly leading Gilbert to the little bird. Gilbert saw the little baby bird, bright yellow….it looked like Gilbird. It was a canary. Gilbert smiled softly.

"This little guy wouldn't have lasted in the snow." Gilbert says softly. Gilbert looks at Matthew and saw that he was dead on his feet.

"Mattie…go get some sleep. I can take care of the little guy for a few hours." He says. Matthew nodded and instead of going upstairs to his room, he falls asleep with Kumajiro on the couch. Gilbert saw Matthew and let out a small laugh and got a blanket and put it over him

"Good night, Birdie." Gilbert says softly.

 

When Matthew woke up, the little canary was in Gilbert's bird cage and the blanket he set out was at the bottom of the cage with food and water and the lamp was on the top of the cage.

Matthew smiled when he saw it. Gilbert was on his phone at the table.

"Do you want pancakes, Gil?" Matthew asked. Gilbert looked up and gave a small smile.

"Do you even need to ask?" Gilbert responds sarcastically.

Matthew rolls his eyes.

"I saw that." Gilbert says. Matthew laughs.

Two stacks of pancakes later….

Gilbert looks at Matthew.

"So the bird…he isn't going to be able to live on his own. He doesn't even have a bird to teach him to fly!" Gilbert says.

"Eventually he will learn…but…maybe we can raise him together?" Gilbert suggests blushing. Matthew froze from eating.

"Please Mattie...it will be fun! When I found Gilbird he already knew how to fly and he wasn't a baby…but…maybe with my boyfriends help I can raise this bird from a baby! His name is Gilbird junior." Gilbert says happily.

"I'm your boyfriend?" Matthew says shocked. Well, that answered