“Beads. Yes.”

 

John was shivering. He flexed his internal muscles to feel the little sphere inside him. And as he began to enjoy it, Sherlock popped the second one into him. It was firmly attached to the first, slightly bigger, and added to the tremors going up and down his back.

 

“Have you ever done this before?” Sherlock asked softly so as not to startle John into any sudden movement.

 

“No,” John murmured.

 

“And do you like it?”

 

“Yes…” John hissed as a third, larger bead slipped into his well-stretched hole. He moaned at the feel of the beads within him, touching him internally, contributing to the burn he could feel inside. The walls of his passage contracted involuntarily around the invasion, making him gasp.

 

A sliver of memory fought through his addled brain, reminding him that he was a doctor, bringing to mind all the conversations he’d had with people who’d been a little too adventurous in the bedroom. “Have you…”

 

“They’re perfectly clean,” Sherlock said.

 

“How…how many…”

 

“For reasons of safety the beads, however many there may be, are part of one rigid, continuous piece of plastic,” Sherlock told him. “And if I told you how many it would spoil the anticipation.”

 

He applied more lubrication and pushed number four in. Again, it was slighter larger than the one before. He watched with fascination as John’s body accepted the increased size.

 

John began to feel fuller inside as the beads went slowly deeper. He breathed through his mouth and felt his chest hitch with the feelings conjured up by both the beads and the idea that it was Sherlock doing this to him. Flexing around the intrusive plaything, he felt an unexpected quiver of delight travel down his back. His heart thudded in his chest.

 

 

And Sherlock smiled down at him, held the line of beads still for a moment before moving them in a circular motion inside John’s passage.

 

John dropped his head to the bed beneath him and moaned loudly into the duvet. He moaned even louder as Sherlock pushed bead number five into him, driving him mad with the insistent motion.

 

“This is what you need, John,” Sherlock said softly, keeping his voice low and hypnotic, in keeping with the motion of his hand on John’s back and the slow push of the beads into him. “What if I were to stop now?”

 

John made as if to move, but Sherlock kept him lying still. “No…” John whispered.

 

Sherlock pushed bead number six into him, rotated them gently, maddeningly so. “Do you think you could come just with this motion inside you?”

 

John panted and didn’t respond.

 

“I wonder how long it would take.”

 

 

John’s hips moved on the edge of the bed, trying to move his legs, desperate for the release that was currently eluding him. He gasped at the sensations within him as bead number eight was lubricated and slipped in.

 

“You must be feeling full by now, John. Is it pleasant?” Sherlock moved the piece of silicone from side to side, listening with satisfaction to the groan that escaped John’s mouth. “You’re doing very well,” Sherlock remarked. “Shall I tell you how many there are still to go? No? You’d rather find out for yourself. I admire that kind of curiosity, John.”

 

He kept moving the beads as he slid number nine in. “Almost there, John.”

 

In truth there was only one more bead to go, but it was, as they all had been, progressively larger than the one before. John was panting now, mouth open, moaning louder. The repetition of his name was hypnotic, both grounding him and keeping him one step removed from what was happening.

 

Sherlock stroked his sweat-soaked hair, and then his back, neck to arse, then pushed the last and largest bead into him. John flexed his internal muscles and felt an electric tremor go down his back, gasping with the feel of it as it slid into him. He couldn’t have called the sensation pleasure, exactly, but it made him want to fuck himself on the rod of beads inside him, just to ride out the orgasm that was currently trapped inside him.

“Oh, no,” Sherlock said. “Keep still, John. There’s no hurry, we have all afternoon. Besides, you don’t want to injure yourself. Imagine how humiliating it would be if you had to consult another doctor. Perhaps a colleague.”

 

And John groaned again and went still.

 

“That’s better,” Sherlock soothed. “Now, where were we?”

 

And he took hold of the end of the rod and moved it again in that maddening circular motion.

 

 

The afternoon crawled by for John, twitching on Sherlock’s bed, face pressed to the duvet, hands fisted in it. Sherlock tormented him relentlessly with the plastic rod inside him, keeping it moving. The pleasure/pain was driving him mad; his pleas for release fell