costs?"

Money, it turned out, was exactly like sex; you thought of nothing else if you didn't have it and thought of other things if you did.

Speaking of sex, though...

It was a bad idea. It was a Reno idea. It probably proved that Rude had been hanging out with his partner for way too long at this point, if he was even entertaining it as a possibility. Maybe recklessness could be transmitted venereally after all.

"You're talking too much," Rude growled as more ideas flashed through his head.

"So what if I am?"

He felt himself smirking, knew that the expression had finally caught Reno's attention. "I could think of better things you could be doing with your mouth."

For half a second Reno actually looked surprised, but then his normal grin resurfaced. "Isn't sex in the car usually my idea, partner?"

"Usually," Rude agreed. "Usually, I tell you to shut the hell up and keep it in your pants."

Reno sat up slowly, predatory instinct sliding dark behind his eyes. "The Boss'll kill us if he finds out."

Rude was already reaching for his belt. "That's the part that gets you off, Reno."

Reno made no comment to this, simply grinned and slid off the seat, crawling forward till he was between Rude's legs. His eyes were already at lazy half-mast, and as Rude watched he reached down and groped himself roughly, letting out a little throaty purr.

"Slut," Rude said, almost fondly.

When Reno sucked cock, it was hard to remember things like minding the upholstery. Rude kept his hands at his sides, resisting for the moment the temptation to grab that fire-bright hair and thrust. One of Reno's clever hands circled him at the base, the other-- Where was the other one?

Down Reno's own pants, apparently. Rude watched, almost admiring Reno's enthusiasm.

"Good?" Reno smirked up at him when he drew back for a moment.

"You know it is. But..."

Delicate eyebrows hooked upward. "What, you want more?"

"I want you up here," Rude said. Up here seemed to indicate the vicinity of Rude's lap.

Reno scrambled up, fighting with his zipper even as he straddled his partner. "We are gonna be in so much trouble." He didn't sound worried. In fact, he sounded like someone who'd just opened a Yule present and found exactly what he'd wanted inside.

"Pervert," Rude murmured, biting at the skin of Reno's pale throat. "Get your goddamned pants off."

He could just imagine the expressions if the President and his bodyguards managed to slip out early. Rufus had a standing "no sex in the car" rule, mostly because of Reno, he suspected. Well, he could always blame it on Reno if they got caught. It wasn't like he went around fucking in limos all the time. Usually.

Reno moaned like a whore when Rude got a hand on his cock and squeezed. "Shit, yeah, c'mon..."

"I don't have anything," Rude said. "Can you take it dry?"

"You know I can." Reno looked beyond caring, anyway. "Fuck, Rude, hurry up--"

It was tight and hot and the going was slower than Rude would've liked, but the dazed expression on Reno's face when he was finally seated to the hilt was more than worth it. Reno let out another one of those perfect moans. "Fuck, partner. Fuck."

"Whatever you say," said Rude.

It wasn't easy or even that comfortable. The limo was big, but sex in a car was sex in a car, no matter how nice the leather was. Reno swore and rode him hard and growled filthy things into his ear as the windows started to fog.

"Harder, yeah. Gods, Rude. What if they-- oh, fuck-- come back while we're like this? Gonna fuck me right in front of the boss? In front of everyone?"

Rude didn't answer, but he figured that his next thrust-- hard, practically lifting Reno off the seat-- was reply enough.

Reno continued to babble. "Bet Rufus would get off on it, too. Kinky fuck. He'd watch the whole thing. Tseng, too. Just jerk off right there." He arched back, trying to meet Rude's thrusts, which were growing a little more desperate. "And Elena. Oh, yeah. We'd make her all wet, eh partner?"

Rude could see it all. Painted in Reno's gasps and moans, it sounded like a great time. Nevermind that Rufus would be more likely to dock their pay for the next year and Elena would probably shoot them. Reno made it sound like an orgy about to happen.

"Come on," Reno said, voice drawing tight. "C'mon,