s see… The guys around here have been checking you out for a while by now, that’s how much it suits you.”
“!”

 

* * *

 

“How could he say something like that so composedly!?”
“Heh, get it, Hori-chan.”
“Even so, Hori-senpai didn’t even go red! On the other hand I was really embarrassed! He’s definitely used to saying things like that!”
“Okay, but Hori-senpai used to be an actor, so it wouldn’t really be strange even if he was used to saying that or if he didn’t get embarrassed?”
“No, it’s not just that, Chiyo-chan! Afterwards, he bought me drinks at the movie theatre, opened the door for me at the café and even pulled out a chair for me! I thought maybe he’d be a little less into window shopping, but he came back with accessories for me as a present! He’s never even seen me wear those accessories, so how did he know I wanted them!? He’s got to be psychic! I was staring at Hori-senpai thinking that I wanted to hold hands, and he didn’t notice but he still managed to slide his hand into mine! And it was a really natural kind of movement!”
“Seriously. Aye---”
“Hori-senpai suddenly seems pretty cool now that Kashima’s his girlfriend, doesn’t he…”
“Right!? Don’t you think he seems too used to being an escort!? To be honest, I wanted to be a perfect escort for Hori-senpai but thanks to him I couldn’t do it at all… Ugh, I’m a terrible excuse for a prince…”
“No but Kashima, you’re already a prince to everybody at school.”
“It’s fine, you can be a princess just for Hori-senpai, can’t you?”
“I want to be Hori-senpai’s prince too!”
“(You’ve got it rough, don’t you, Hori-senpai…)”
“But Hori-senpai is the first person I’ve ever dated, so I don’t really have any experience…”
“Ah---, so you’re saying that you think Hori-senpai’s hiding the fact that he’s had a girlfriend before?”
“Hmm… Honestly though, I wouldn’t claim he’s been telling lies based on just that…”
“...Actually, I remember something else that had happened.”
“Eh, what is it, what is it?”

* * *

 

---Date number 2---

“Senpai…”
“Hm? What is it, Kashi--- mm!”

(Kissing sounds)

“(Alright, this time I successfully initiated a kiss! Last time, on our first date, it was Hori-senpai who brought it up… Well that’s not really a bad thing, but come to think of it, I still want to be a prince for my heroine and my admired senpai! As the school prince, I’ll live up to my name and give Hori-senpai a heart-fluttering kiss he’ll never forget!)”

(Kissing sounds)

“(Umm, if I remember correctly, this is how Hori-senpai had done this before, isn’t it…? Then at the end he licked my lips ever so slightly, and let go…)”
“………”

(Aggressive kissing sounds)

“(Eh, ehh!? H-Hori-senpai’s tongue is, is entering my mouth!? What is this, what is this!?... Ah, but this kind of feels good… Chills are running down my spine…)”

Thud.

“Haa… Se-senpa-…”
“That’s a risqué expression you’re making, isn’t it, Kashima?”
“Huh – huh…!”
“…Wait, it’s not that. I meant ‘cute’, Yuu?”
“………!?”
“Even so, you really got me with that surprise attack. Hey, why are you sitting down so stubbornly? Should we head off?”
“…I’m not standing up.”
“Huh?”
“…I told you, I’m in the middle of a breakdown so I’m not standing up---!”

 

* * *

 

“…And that’s how it happened. Hori-senpai is really, really used to kissing!”
“I – I see…”
“Is that so…”
“Later I searched it up and found out; it seems like that was what’s called a deep kiss. That wasn’t the first time he’s kissed someone, I’m sure of it! He’s definitely an experienced person! Moreover, Hori-senpai reached for my leg and---”
“Kashima, stop, stop! Don’t say anything further! Hori-senpai will probably get mad at us if he finds out that we’ve heard about it!”
“Eh, really? He didn’t actually tell me not to tell anyone, though…”
“Even if that’s the case, you can’t! (I mean, what happened