where except where Zayn wanted him most. “Don’t tease me.” Zayn hissed. Niall looked up at Zayn through his long thick lashes and nodded. He stuck his tongue out and grabbed the base of Zayn’s cock with his hands and slowly licked Zayn. “Fuck.” Zayn said as he bit his lip to keep himself quiet. Niall uses both hand to give Zayn a hand job while he sucks what he could fit in his mouth.
Niall sucks Zayn for a few minutes getting used to having Zayn big, hard, throbbing cock in his mouth. Niall is loving every thing about it. The taste, the feel, the weight.. he can’t seem to get enough. Zayn wasn’t the first person Niall’s suck he’s the biggest and the thickest though. As Niall sucks Zayn thrusts forward causing Niall to choke for a minute. “Sorry babe.” Zayn says. Niall doesn’t say anything he continues to suck he shouldn’t like it but when he felt like he was chocking on Zayn it turned him on more. He gives Zayn’s cocks kitten lick then sucks and kisses the head all while strocking anything that couldn’t fit in his mouth. “Want all of you!” Niall says as he moves away from Zayn’s cock.
Zayn pulls Niall up and kisses him hard and deep. “So sexy.” he says as he trails his hands down to Niall’s ass and squeezes it. “I need you in me!” Niall tells Zayn as he grinds into Zayn. “Need to prepare you.” Zayn replies. Niall nods. Zayn takes one of his hands from Niall’s ass and puts it in front of Niall. Before he can say anything Niall has his mouth open and is sucking on three of his fingers. As Niall sucks on Zayns fingers Zayn kisses down his chest and suck on his nipples. He can tell Niall likes it by the groans he’s giving. “Zee.. please!!” Niall says pulling his mouth off of Zayn’s fingers. “What? Tell me what you want.” Zayn says smirking. “I want you! I want you to fuck me so hard that I won’t be able to walk tomorrow!!” Niall says whimpering.
Zayn nods and swallows hard. “Bend over.” he instructs. Niall crawls to the center of the bed and gets on all fours putting his smooth round ass on view for Zayn. Niall looks over his shoulder at Zayn and bites his lips. “Zee please!!” he pleads. Zayn shakes his head and crawls to where Niall is. He takes one of his fingers and runs it over Nialls tight little hole. “Gonna taste you.” he tells Niall as me moves his hand away causing Niall to cry out. Before Niall has time to say anything he feels something wet and warm running along his hole. “Oh!” Niall moans sounding like he was a pornstar. Zayn licks the ring of muscles for a few minutes before thrusting his tongue forward causing Niall to feel light headed. “Uh uh oh!! Zee!!” Niall moaned. “Need mor-” Niall is cut off as Zayn’s tongue finds his prostate. “Fuck!” Niall moans out as grabs the blanket.
Zayn trails his tongue over Niall’s prostate a few times before he moves away. He then slowly works one finger into Niall. He isn’t surprised when Niall starts fucking himself on his finger. “Please!” Niall begs. “What do you need.. you have to tell me.” Zayn says. “Add another!” Niall replies. Zayn nods and add another fingers. Zayn works his fingers in and out of Niall slowly. He bends his fingers trying to find Niall’s prostate but doesn’t. He starts scissoring him. As Zayn scissors him Niall starts thrusting backwards “Uhhh!! Yea!” he moans as Zayn hits his prostate. “Zee.. ready for you! Can’t take this no more.” Niall says.
“Need a condom.” Zayn says. “Don’t worry about it. Just get in me!!” Niall groans. Zayn nods. Zayn grabs Niall’s hip with one arm and pulls him towards him. He grabs his cock and aligns it with Niall’s hole. “You sure?” Zayn asks Niall giving him another chance to change his mind. Niall thrusted backward causing Zayn to enter him. “Fuck.. soo tight and hot.” Zayn groaned. “Move.” Niall said being demanding. “Someone wants to be fucked.” Zayn said. “Yes. Zee fuck me so I can’t walk!” Niall said as he rolled his hips. That’s all Zayn needed.
Zayn grabbed Niall hips and started thrusting hard, fast and deep. “Yea,yea,yea..so good!!” Niall said moaning loudly. Zayn kept thrusting he would go harder,faster or deeper. Zayn would pull all the way out and thrust back in..every time he did that he hit Niall’s prostate. The only sound in the room was the slapping of skin and both of their moans. “Need to