but it was from Eren, so she treasured it. She pulled a green parka on and walked back into the living room. He brother was standing by the door.

“You look good. I mean, you look fucked up but yeah…good.”

“Thanks, I think.” Mikasa replied as she moved past Eren and through their front door.

This city was so different at night. Even though they’d lived here for years she had never felt completely comfortable with the looming buildings and filthy streets. The shadows and black outlines looked like giant people. It made her feel uneasy. Though she’d never admit it out loud, she had always had a secret fear that one day she’d find herself alone in this dark labyrinth.

Maybe that was why she unconsciously clung to Eren. She hated being alone. She liked to pretend that she didn’t need anyone, that she was strong enough to stand alone. But she couldn’t do that. Not now.

It was too easy to forget who you are. If you weren’t careful you could become faceless, nameless. It would be easy. There was a time when Mikasa had wanted a life like that, to live anonymously. She had been naïve. This whole city is a trap. If you try to blend in you lose yourself. You disappear. People like her and her brother, they weren’t meant to live like that. Their reality was different. Any hope of living normally had left the same day their mom died and dad decided to skip town.

Eren lit a cigarette, eyeing Mikasa through the smoke. He could always tell when she was in one of these moods. Sometimes they lasted for days. Mikasa had a habit of withdrawing from everything, curling up inside herself, letting her thoughts lay heavy on her chest. Thoughts no one else could understand, not even Eren. It was during times like this that she tried to stay as far as possible from him, emotionally and physically. She stayed out until the morning in places Eren wouldn’t think to go near and when she was home she stayed hidden behind a locked door. Eren always reacted violently. At some point in this depressive time Eren would snap and Mikasa would become faintly aware of him rampaging the apartment. The bathroom mirror was cracked, walls and door were punched, leaving gaping holes. Reluctantly Mikasa would open her door, there was only so much abuse their home could take. Despite trying so hard to get through to his sister, Eren would always be furious when she reemerged. He was as emotional as she was passive. Violence was second nature to him. Yet he wouldn’t dare lay a hand on Mikasa, they both knew that. So he’d scream and taunt, accuse her of abandoning him, compare her to their father, anything to provoke a response. Push her farther and farther until she could no longer stay silent. Sometimes she thought they would drive each other away completely with how they carried on.

“Where are you?”

The dark haired girl blinked. Eren stopped, blocking her path.

“I’m here, right here.”

“I’m fucking sure. You’ve been spacing out since we left. Are you-“

“I’m fine, was just thinking.” She stepped around Eren and continued down the street. Fuck had they really walked this far? Eren’s heavy footsteps started again, he fell into place next to her. Mikasa stole a sideways glace at him. Hands stuffed into the pockets of his hoodie, under a black leather jacket, lips pressed in a thin line. He’s pissed, but probably not mad enough to start any fights. Probably. Better apologize.

They cut through an empty playground, Sasha and Connie lived in a duplex in the neighborhood just beyond it.

“Remember when we came here after taking E for the time and it was like 6 in the morning?” There was a pause, Mikasa drew a breath waiting for Eren’s response.

Eren bit his lip, chucking softly, “Yeah, and you guys couldn’t get me to leave the top of the slide because I was so blissed out.”

“So we all just crammed up there with you and watched the sunrise.”

“Yeah, you were pretty irked at me.”

“You were being a little shit. But, I’m glad you didn’t want to leave. It was actually really fun.”

 Their pace had slowed and the siblings were looking at each other now, grinning. Mikasa turned away first. “Come on, we’ve got to get to Sasha and Connies or we’ll never hear the end of it.” Eren pouted, “We’re always late!”

“No I’m on time and you always spend too long trying to take that chronic bed head of yours.” She reached up, ruffling Eren’s hair before he stepped out of reach.

“Mikasa it looked good for once!”

“Shut up it always looks the same.”

“Not true” Eren grumbled, he crossed his arms and stopped walking