and then he started to stand up. "Okay, I'm going to be outside. You can... I'll be outside."

"No, no, Rodney, stop a moment," Carson said, trying to tug him to sit back down. "Jeannie, I know you feel you have a lot that Rodney owes you but surely you can put that to one side right now?"

Jeannie frowned as if she didn't understand why Rodney was being so touchy. Carson exhaled. "Sit down both of you." he said firmly. "Maybe you communicated with each other by bickering before but things have changed."

At least Rodney didn't resist when Carson wrapped fingers around his wrist and pulled him to sit back down on the sofa. "I hadn't noticed."

"Jeannie, Rodney may have hurt you by what he said and what he didn't say, but..." Carson exhaled. "He was nearly killed many times, he was hurt even more. He has been through an immense trauma that you or I cannot hope to understand. He needs support not haranguing.  If you need to hear the words then I'm sure Rodney will apologize for the card- and you should apologize for what you just said to him."

"What? But I didn't say..."

"Yes, you did, Jeannie. You're judging him and that the last thing he needs from anyone right now," Carson said.

Jeannie went silent a moment. "Sorry, Mer," she said looking down and then up a moment.

There was a particular stubborn set to Rodney's jaw and only slowly did he say, "I'm sorry about sending that card. I meant well. I was worried about you."

"There now," Carson said. "There. Apologies duly given. And I suspect the two of you are stubborn enough that possibly this event should be recorded on a calendar somewhere."

He patted Rodney's shoulder a little, keeping his arm there.

"It's a lot to take in. I just convinced myself that Rodney was..." Jeannie shrugged. "I didn't think you'd have a good reason. But you do."

"A good reason for what?" There was still a sullen edge, but at least it wasn't accusations. No wonder they didn't talk -- if all conversations were held in that tone.

"All I wanted was for you to make contact. Send a card. Say, hey, how're you doing? Are you happy?" Jeannie said. "That's all I wanted, because we were the only good things to come out of our family. We were the family and then it felt like .it meant nothing to you. I meant nothing to you."

Carson had to force himself to be quiet. This was important stuff.

“It didn't. I just." There was a motion like an aborted fidget and Rodney looked sideways at Carson for a moment. "Got caught up in work. And then transported to another Galaxy. We never hit a point where things stopped being a crisis point."

"I can confirm that much. It was pretty much one disaster after another," Carson murmured.

"I know, I just... I was disappointed and hurt. I wanted someone to be happy for me as well," Jeannie answered.

"I'm glad that you're happy. And that you're safe. So no matter what Carter says, do NOT go beyond consulting for the SGC." Of course Rodney had to throw that warning in.

"I've gathered that much," Jeannie said. "And you, you haven't been safe or happy by the sounds of it."

Carson exhaled. No, Rodney probably hadn't been. "I was on a gate team with Colonel Sheppard and Teyla and Ronon. Before that, there was Lieutenant Ford, but he's, well, Ford's a long story that might be better for after dinner. Possibly with hand puppets to try to explain it." Rodney cleared his throat slightly. "It was exciting. We did good work. I still want to go back."

"Even with a baby? Or are you adopting the baby out?" Jeannie asked bluntly, cutting to the heart of the matter.

It was a question Carson wanted answered as well. Rodney started to open his mouth and then stopped for a moment. "That never crossed my mind. I thought of it more as a possible learning experience. Some people take their kids with them on Voluntary Service Overseas. The Athosians have kids."

"Aye, it could probably be done if the opportunity arose," Carson added. "I don't think Rodney is going through with this to not raise the child himself."

Jeannie smirked a little. "Mer, I am going to get a lot of fun out of this. How far along are you?"

"Four and change. I'm planning on becoming a recluse shortly." Rodney raised his eyebrows at Jeannie.

"Don't be ridiculous," Jeannie