. That sort of thing takes a lot  of practice and years of training."

"Oh, but please!" she begs, grabbing the arm feeding the straw. "I'm sure I can do it!"

"Now,  now, dearie. You didn't go and climb the tallest tree in the kingdom  when you were three days old, did you? No, you had to learn to crawl  first, and then to walk, and then you climbed wee little trees first.  Magic is just the same. You can't learn the complicated stuff before you  learn the very basics."

Belle's heart sinks. She lets go of his sleeve, and stares down at her shoes. "Oh."

But  he pushes a finger up under her chin and makes her look at him. "Now,  little beastie, when did I ever say I wouldn't teach you the basics,  hmm?"

"Oh, thank you, Rumkin, thank you!" She nearly tackles him  to the floor with her fierce hug, and it makes him laugh. It's a funny  thing – he never seems to laugh when he's with her papa, or the  servants, or the war council, or anyone else. Only with her.

"Now,  come sit with me, and I'll spin for a while so you can learn what magic  feels like, all right?" He pulls her up onto his lap. He lets her hold  the few pieces of straw as he slowly feeds them into the machine. As he  spins, she feels a familiar warmth in his fingers, spreading through  hers as well and into the straw. She thinks she sees something in the  air around his hand and the straw and the newly spun gold, like a cloud  or fairy dust, but when she looks more closely, her eyes see nothing at  all.

"There now. Can you feel that? That's magic."

"But I've felt that before." She looks up at him, and she smiles in that way that says she's being silly.

"That's  because magic is everywhere. It's in everything. It's just a matter of  learning how to harness it and use it." He keeps on spinning, and she  watches more closely, doing her very best to feel the magic and  understand it better.

After a while – she found herself lost in the magic and isn't quite sure how long precisely – he stops, and smiles down at her.

"Think you're ready to learn something?"

Belle  nods, smiling brightly and full of excitement. He lifts her up off of  his lap, and sets her down on the other end of the little bench that  serves as his chair. He straddles the bench, Belle crosses her legs, and  they face each other. He leans forward a bit, and it takes all of  Belle's willpower to contain her excitement.

"Now, this," he says,  as a glowing ball of pure light appears above his open palm, "is a very  simple bit of magic. It's like a tiny star, and it gives you light to  see by. It's a perfect spell for a wee little sorceress." He taps her  lightly on the nose with his free hand, and Belle giggles. "It's quite  simple to make – you just have to find the magic around you, and pull a  few bits together, and tell it what to do. It's like… think of it as if  you wanted to fill a vase with pretty flowers for your room. You just go  out into the garden and find some flowers, and you pick several from  all around you, and bring them all together in the vase and make them  look however you like. Does that make sense?"

Belle nods emphatically. He makes it sound so very simple, and she is eager to try it.

"Good. Now, close your eyes, and just feel the magic in the air, get used to it…"

She  does as instructed. She reaches out behind her eyes, and sure enough  finds the magic in the air and the objects all around them. It glows in  the objects, things like the wheel and the gold thread, and the rest  floats through the air like butterflies.

"Now just pluck a few  little bits out of the air and bring it all into one spot… and tell it  to give you a little star of light."

She pauses a moment, not sure how to bring the magic together. Eventually she just sort of… asks it to come, asks the little butterflies to come together in front of  her, and sure enough, several wisps of magic come to her, gathering  themselves together in front of her. And again she asks, and they spin  themselves together until they are one little ball of magic behind her  closed eyes, sure and strong.

"Open your eyes, Belle."

She  does, and there, floating between them, is a tiny ball of light, not  much bigger than a plump grape, but bright and glowing steadily. She  gasps quietly, amazed at