’t I love it if she --”

Alyn punches Sterling so hard that his hand comes away hurting and it sends a tremor up his arm.  “Don’t --” Alyn viciously shoves Sterling up against the wall behind him, “don’t fucking talk about Vera like that,” he growls. 

“Why?” 

The thing about Sterling is that he’s an obnoxious asshole; but when the situation arises, he knows exactly how to hurt people.  Sterling was right, why was Alyn being so protective of Vera?  She isn’t his, he isn’t hers.  Alyn fears that he never will be.  “You’re fooling yourself.  She’s only friends with you because she feels bad for you,” Sterling spits out, it feels like acid on Alyn’s skin. “Everyone thinks you’re a monster; your teachers, your parents,”  he pauses because Sterling wants his next words to hurt, to sink into Alyn’s mind and pollute it, “even Vera does.”  Alyn’s grip on Sterling starts to loosen once his arms start to shake.  “If you hurt me with your powers,” Alyn knows exactly where this is going, “it only proves how much of a monster you are.”  Sterling’s voice is strong and unwavering, like he has planned for this moment, like he planned to pick apart Alyn piece by piece; and the worst part is that it worked.

“Alyn, what --” Alyn lets go of Sterling and he can hear Sterling’s scoff quietly, “oh fuck, what happened?”  Vera practically sprints down the stairs to where Alyn is.  “Are you okay?”  She’s trying to catch Alyn’s attention, but he’s focused on Sterling’s overbearingly-pompous grin.

Sterling pushes himself off the ground, and glides past the two like he hadn’t just gotten punched so hard that blood was starting to dribble on the side of his mouth.  “Your “boyfriend” has some serious anger issues,” Sterling has a smug smile that practically screams, I told you so.

“Fuck off, Sterling,” Alyn sneers.  Vera sighs, exasperated, and pulls Alyn down the stairs and out of the building.

:::

Vera hands Alyn an ice pack and tells him to put it on his cheek.  She stumbles around her room until she digs out a first-aid kit.  “You know, by the looks of it, Sterling’s probably gonna have a huge fucking black eye next week,” Vera grins as she opens the kit and places herself next to him on her bed.  The silence between them is blistering and she doesn’t know how to lighten the mood.

“Yeah,” Alyn grumbles.  He’s slumping on the front of her bed, his right hand supporting the ice pack, and the other in Vera’s hand as she starts to wrap it up. 

His hand is cold.  “Did...” she begins -- Alyn doesn’t seem like he’s entirely present in the moment, like he’s stuck in limbo. “Did you at least manage to knock out some teeth?  Seeing Sterling with a missing tooth would be hilarious.”  She jokes, she feels uncomfortably out-of-place.  She’s seen Alyn like this before, and yet, she never knows how to comfort him -- she feels utterly useless.

“So...am I allowed to ask what you two were fighting about...or..?” Vera hesitates, afraid of saying something wrong.  The answer could be anything, Sterling called me an “asshat” again, or Sterling is a repulsive douche and he needed to be taught a lesson, or even, Sterling is the epitome of a fuckboy and his mere existence pisses me off.

“It’s fine,” what kind of an answer is that?  “Sterling,” Alyn sighs as he pushes himself off of her dark-blue sheets and sits cross-legged, “said something gross about you.”

Her eyes widen and her eyebrows raise; not because she didn’t believe it, but because she didn’t expect that to be what they were fighting over.  “Like what?” she asks as she tapes the wrapping over Alyn’s hand.

“Dunno really, I punched him before he could continue.” Alyn mumbles.  It’s a shit-faced lie and Alyn knows it.  He knows exactly what Sterling said; but he doesn’t want be truthful because he doesn’t want to relive the fight, he doesn’t want to relive what Sterling said about him, he doesn’t want to relive the realization that Sterling was right -- every word he said, it was true.  Alyn is an expert in a sense that he knows how to avoid the truth, knows how to shut it out and never think of it again.

“Oh,” she pauses, unsure of what to say next, “so … rough day, huh?”  She offers a small smile in hopes that Alyn will do the same. 

“Guess so,” he drops the ice pack from his cheek and places it next to him, not fond