was cleaner than the last time she’d been here, to her surprise. The messily stacked books upon the window mantles were now shelved or aesthetically placed on desks and coffee tables. Next to the coaster on John’s tea table was a worn copy of 
Niccolò
 Machiavelli’s

 “The Prince,” 

stacked upon 

“Crime & Punishment”

 by Dostoevsky. The soot and ash in the fireplace had been scrubbed and replaced with fresh burning logs. The fire in the mantle, along with the dim light of several antique lamps cast the room into angles and shadows. 






There were still bullet holes in the walls and thick, velvet, crimson curtains that hung heavy with dust. The foggy glass of the window panes cast the streetlights as tiny dots, and the moonlight pouring from behind Sherlock’s chair bathed his visage like an aura. It was warm, dark, and absolutely perfect for her.






Molly looked around her, eyes wide. “Did you do this on purpose?”






“Indeed.” He curled his lips pleasantly at her. ”If my conclusions are correct-- which they most certainly are-- you prefer environments of substantial heat and darkness, deserts, and large, mountainous caverns; conditions easily replicated in the modern home, office, or workplace.”






“It could be warmer… and the weather is a bit nippy, true, but a few sweaters and a coat help,” she agreed, tugging at her sleeves. “How did you know that?”





“Your blood pressure is considerably lower than that of an adult female of your age and height percentile, and your skin, unnaturally cold. Even in your current form, you presently average at twenty degrees Celsius. All of this information I am aware of because I have personally measured your temperature. Once while you were… reclining, a second time when I took your hand after you awoke, and the third when I returned your badge.”Molly blinked, unsure how to feel about being turned into an experiment. “Um, okay.”Sherlock paid no attention to her, his expression growing glacial. “I was foolish. For years, I believed you simply had cold hands from poor circulation. That, or your diet, which can now be definitively ruled out.”“Right.” She tried to smile at him but ended up as more of a grimace. “Hello to you, too, Sherlock.”There was a moment where he stood silent. Then, as if remembering her presence, he turned his head of curls towards her, as forcefully relaxed as he seemed to be able to manage. “My apologies. Mistakes made. Please, sit.”Molly settled into John’s chair, and Sherlock brought out a tea tray from the kitchen before sitting. The tea was no doubt John’s work. He sat, fingers steepled in a pose she knew well. She gave the upstairs a cursory glance. “Is John here? He isn’t listening in or anything, is he?”“He left. Wearing cologne, I might add; out with a woman, no doubt.” Sherlock painstakingly rolled his eyes. “John will likely not make an appearance until morning. Even so, I have taken the precaution of removing his key from his person. In the event that he was to arrive home, he and his guest will leave upon realizing he is unable to open the front door.”“Sherlock.”He glanced at her, matching her bland expression with one of innocence. “It’s only borrowing. I plan to return it.”“I let you get away with too much.”“A quality in your favor,” he replied with a smirk.She reached for a cup of tea, deciding resolutely to let John handle it on his own. “I suppose we should begin again, then.”“You previously spoke about the Qarīn.”“Oh, right.” She took a quick sip of her tea, clutching the warm cup like a tether. “Um, where was I?”

“‘Your Qarīn, and if you were able to attract one, yes, potentially. It would be ultimately their decision to accept or reject, at least most of the time,’” he mimicked, then stared at her flatly. “Oh! Of course,” Molly replied excitedly, setting her cup down on the table so she could tuck her legs under her. “You want me to just jump in, then?”“Unless it would be convenient to do otherwise,” he replied.“Okay. Well, if you decided to seek out a Djinn, or one sought out you, it’s not a promise that anything will happen. A human is bound to the contract he makes with a Djinn for life. I mean, you can circumvent that, but it gets harder as you move up the food chain.”He lifted an eyebrow. “How so?”“You’d have to outgrow the magical capability of the bondmate or outlive them, both of which would probably be impossible. Likely, if the sorcerer is any good, he’ll choose to bond with a Djinn from a… higher class.” She licked her lips. “There’s a very strict matriarchal hierarchy amongst Djinni. Race determines