respond, but couldn't find anything to say.

"You're quite the performer, mon cœur," Amélie said lowly, stalking over to Angela with a devilish grin. She took Angela's chin in her hand gently, before leaning down to whisper in her ear.

"How about we put on another show?"

Amélie presses her lips to Angela's with just enough force to show her intentions. She gently guides Angela back down to the mattress before straddling her hips, moving to kiss along Angela's jaw and neck. Angela's hands are rubbing up and down Amélie's sides, her thumbs occasionally brushing the underside of Amélie's breasts.

"Amé..." Angela whispers after Amélie nips on a bit of skin behind her ear. Amélie hums a deep throaty chuckle and moves downwards, trailing kisses and small licks and bites to the base of Angela's throat.

"Off," Angela says, tugging on Amélie's blouse.

"You're not in any position to be making orders, now are you?" Amélie asks, sitting up and undoing the buttons of her shirt anyway. Angela decides not to grace that with an answer, instead moving her hands to undo the button and zipper on Amélie's trousers.

"Ah-" Amélie stops her from doing any more, "that's enough. Sit up." Angela knows Amélie's having her sit up to take her shirt off, so she removes the garment without doing so, dropping it off the side of the bed. Amélie clicks her tongue and shakes her head.

"I am going to have to discipline those hands of yours," Amélie whispers, leaning in close as she takes Angela's wrists and crosses them above her head. She holds Angela's wrists in place with one hand, ducking down to make marks along Angela's neck and chest again. Amélie's free hand cups one of Angela's breasts, and Angela whines when Amélie's thumb brushes over her nipple through her bra.

Amélie's sucking a mark onto the top Angela's shoulder when she moves her hand down behind Angela's back, lifting her up enough to get at the clasp of Angela's bra. Amélie lifts her head and the two of them make eye contact as Amélie removes Angela's bra, adding it to their pile of clothes beside the bed with a pointed smirk.

Amélie kisses Angela again, pressing her crossed wrists down firmly before removing her hand as a gesture to stay. She trails her hands down Angela's sides slowly, letting her nails gently scrape along the skin in a way that has Angela leaning up to her, wanting more of her touch. Angela's hips are off the bed pressing against Amélie's, trying to rock against her in an effort for friction.

Amélie bites Angela's lip before pulling away, and she moves herself down so that she's sitting on Angela's thighs. Her hands move together so that the tips of her thumbs touch on Angela's stomach, and she slowly pushes them up, inching over her ribs before finally touching her breasts. Angela exhales shakily, Amélie brushing her thumbs over Angela's peaked nipples before cupping and kneading her. She pinches one of Angela's nipples and she gasps.

"Amélie, please," Angela breathes, her hips twitching. Amélie gives Angela's chest a few more seconds of attention before she lifts herself off Angela's legs and pulls her sweatpants down and off. She moves even farther down the bed, not straddling Angela anymore, instead sitting between her legs. Amélie places her hands on Angela's thighs and slowly moves them up and inward. Angela can't stop the whine that rips from her throat as her hips buck against Amélie's touch.

Amélie's grinning widely as she looks on, trailing the tips of her thumbs at the juncture of Angela's legs and waist. Angela's completely soaked through her underwear, and the sight sends a pang of arousal through Amélie that briefly reminds her of her own body's reactions. For now, though, she is focused on Angela - she snaps the waistband of Angela's underwear, causing her to gasp and her hips to flinch upwards again.

"Tell me what you want, cherie," Amélie husks, watching Angela's face as she drags the tip of her nail up damp fabric.

"You, ah-! Touch me." Angela's hands, still miraculously crossed above her head, are clenching and digging into the pillowcase. Amélie edges her nail under Angela's panties.

"Where?" Amélie asks, thoroughly enjoying the way Angela's body tenses up in anguish. Angela whines again, biting her lip.

"Verdammt, Amélie, eat me out," Angela breaks, hoping her bluntness would earn her favor. Amélie smirks as she removes Angela's underwear.

She spreads Angela's legs apart, making her whimper at the feeling of being exposed to the air. Amélie takes her time to drink in the sight: Angela splayed out, dripping, begging for Amélie'