, there was really no-one else growing up here with you? Just servants and maids but no...” She doesn't know what the best word to use is, so she finishes lamely, “...friends?” 

“I don't need friends,” Franziska says dangerously, and she's definitely looking Adrian in the eyes now and that's how Adrian knows she's touched a sore spot. “But no. Only Miles Edgeworth.” 

“Miles... what?” Adrian gasps, now well and truly taken aback. “You mean, that other prosecutor? The one in the pink suit? Who was at...” she trails off, but she knows that Franziska will infer the words left unspoken: my trial. 

“It's wine red,” Franziska murmurs in response, “but yes. What articles did you read about my father, precisely? I'm sure some of them would have mentioned it... just what did you think Papa was convicted for?” 

Adrian frowns as she tries to recall the pertinent information. “Evidence fixing... or something along those lines.” 

Wordlessly, Franziska shakes her head, finger tracing around the rim of her glass. “No... I don't think they ever found enough evidence to indict him for that. No. How can I put this?” She seems to be asking herself more than Adrian. “He's a murderer. He killed a man.” 

After everything else that has happened this evening, Adrian can't even muster the energy to be surprised any more. “What?” she says, more bleakly than anything. 

“I said that he killed a man,” Franziska repeats bluntly. “He killed Miles Edgeworth's father.” There's several seconds where all Adrian can hear is the blood rushing through her own body. “I've never said that aloud before,” Franziska says, breaking the silence. “But I cannot deny what I know to be the truth.” 

Adrian has had her fair share of troubles but she's never had to deal with a situation like this before. “It must be hard,” she starts, “but I'm proud of you.” On reflex, her hand finds her way to Franziska's knee. For comfort. 

As Adrian had predicted, Franziska quickly brushes her hand aside, then frowns. “For what?” 

“For, you know,” she gestures lamely. What had her therapist called it again? “For allowing yourself the time to heal. Processing. Sitting with the feeling. I don't know. I guess I just wanted to say that I'm here for you.” 

Franziska's expression turns more bewildered. “You're saying an awful lot of words. I'd even say you were rambling, Adrian Andrews.” 

She blinks. “I guess. But I'm just trying to help. Since I brought it up and all...” 

“Well, you asked me about my family and I already answered that question. Quite adequately, I might add. But...”

“But?” Adrian prompts, wondering if the next item in the list of surprises will be a proper explanation. 

It is. 

“Perhaps I wasn't fair, earlier, when I said that I didn't have any family. I have a sister, you know. She lives up in Munich with her husband and daughter. I used to go to their house for the holidays as a child, but these days... I don't know. I see them so rarely that I feel like a stranger.” 

It's the most honest that Franziska von Karma has ever been with her feelings. Adrian wonders how much her friend has had to drink. “So your solution to this problem is to avoiding spending time with them?” 

Franziska scowls. Adrian knows that she has hit the target. “The problem isn't the logistics, the problem is my...” 

Adrian gently urges Franziska on. “You can say it.” 

“Feelings,” Franziska completes reluctantly. “But it's foolish, so I don't like to waste time dwelling on some foolish matter.” 

“You said 'foolish' twice, you know,” Adrian indicates, and the glint of Franziska's eyes informs Adrian that she is well aware. 

“In any case, I didn't feel like bothering them this year. So, who else was I supposed to invite? Miles?” 

Adrian feels like there's a story here, and the way to here more is to be contrary. So she shrugs as non-chalantly as she can and answers, “Why not?” 

Franziska's glass is empty now and Adrian isn't sure when that happened. She sets it down against the floor, now against her feet which have been unfurled from their previous position. “Well, he hates the holidays, and for good reason. I didn't want to spend this evening with a grumpy Christmas Grinch.”

Again, Adrian feels as though that she's not getting the full story. “And?” 

“Well,” Franziska begins, smoothing out some invisible wrinkles in her nightdress,