's apparent love for the subject often exacted a toll on their clarity.  They spoke of characters called Luke and Vader, strange planets and something that looked like a moon but wasn't, and something else that looked like a planet but was a moon, mechanical beings that behaved like humans, monsters and vessels and weapons that all swam together in Teyla's head.

McKay was just in the midst of raving about the physics of explosions in space when he went for a drink of his coffee and came up empty.  "Need more," he mumbled, getting up and heading straight for the source.

Teyla turned to Sheppard, curious.  "Tell me, Colonel, are there any female characters in your Star Wars?"

"Oh, sure," he replied.  "Princess Leia.  She's the reason they go to the first Death Star, to rescue her.  Didn't I say that?"

"She is the sister of…Luke Skywalker, is she not?"

"That's the one."

"And what else does she do in the story?"

"Who?" asked McKay, returning to the table.

"Leia," Sheppard said.

"Ah, my first true love," McKay reminisced.  Sheppard snorted and received a glare in return.  "Oh, come on!  You can't tell me you were above the gold bikini."

Teyla's eyebrows shot up.  "The what?"  She was familiar enough with Earth culture to recognize what they were speaking of – or what it sounded like, anyway.  She looked at Ronon, who shrugged.

"She has to wear it when she's captured by Jabba to be his slave girl," McKay explained.

"On the Death Star?" she asked.

"No, this is a different time, after that," Sheppard said.  "The chains were kind of hot, but I liked the hair on Cloud City best," he continued to McKay.

"Suit yourself.  I had you pegged as a Han Solo wannabe before, but you might make a better Lando," McKay commented, resulting in Sheppard's cry of indignation.  "What?  Okay, fine, you can go back to being a hotshot pilot," he relented.

Mollified, Sheppard examined the crust of his toast.  "I always wanted to be Luke, actually."

"Really?" asked McKay in surprise.  "Huh.  I never would have guessed that."

Sheppard shrugged, discarded the crust, and stood up.  "Training," he said to Ronon, who rose as well.  "See you guys later."  The two of them took their trays and left.  McKay was not far behind them, mumbling something about an experiment as he headed back to the coffee cart for a last refill before leaving.

"May I join you?"

Teyla looked up to see Doctor Weir holding a tray of her own.  "Of course," she replied.  "You are late to breakfast today."

"The biology department had an urgent request for me to meet them this morning," Weir said, digging into her food with relish, though more decorum than Teyla's prior companions.

"Nothing wrong, I hope?" she asked.

"No, not at all.  Apparently, some of the ocean wildlife perform a certain behavior only at this time of day," she explained, adding wryly, "I could have waited for the video."

Teyla smiled faintly and returned to moving her food around her plate.

Weir set down her fork.  "Teyla?  Is everything all right?"

"Doctor Weir, are you familiar with the film Star Wars?" she asked.

"Yes, of course.  One of my favorites, as a matter of fact," Weir replied.  "Why?"

Teyla frowned.  "Colonel Sheppard and Doctor McKay were speaking of it this morning.  I must admit that I am concerned about some of what they said about this story, if it truly has the widespread influence they have indicated."

"I see," said Weir.  "What were they saying about it?"

"I was primarily concerned with their description of Princess Leia.  Given your position here, Doctor Weir, I was surprised to learn that such a popular film in your culture would show a female only as a victim to be rescued."

"Is that what they told you?" Weir asked, eyebrows raised.

"They did not give me any further information than that, and something about metallic swimwear," Teyla replied.

Weir shook her head.  "Somehow, I'm not surprised.  Teyla, Star Wars does represent a certain male fantasy that is unfortunately not as outdated in our society as it should be, but Leia's character does far more than wait around to be rescued."  She leaned forward.  "I happen to know that a certain biologist who owes me one brought the films as his personal item.  Why don't we watch them together this evening?  I can explain the parts the boys left out and you can see for yourself what they're talking about."

Teyla smiled.  "I look forward to it, Doctor Weir."

*

A week later, all thoughts of droids and wookiees were gone from Teyla