Ivan held his head. "Why are we doing these things? It is not helping us in the end." Alfred nodded.

"I think I know what's goin' on here. I think you are lovin' me." Alfred smiled smugly at the Russian.

"Что? You think, я тебя люьлю? Silly, filthy American. Нет, тебя люьит меня." Ivan stated with a smug grin.

"What? You think I love you? You're a fuckin' commie bastard as far as I know!" Alfred laughed loudly, making Ivan smile. "You know what, why don't we just show each other how much we love each other?" Alfred had a vague idea where this would be leading. They both stood up, watching each other. Alfred made the first move, going through the cabinets in the kitchen. Ivan watched him, wondering what he was looking for. "Ah ha! Found it!" Alfred stood up suddenly, making Ivan falter back, grabbing one of the bottles on the table as a weapon. "Whoa, relax dude. It's just your vegetable oil."

"Почему у тебя ест что?" Ivan stated as he leaned against the table the two were once seated at to keep his balance.

"We're going to need it if you want me to show you just how much I love you, right?" Ivan eyed the man suspiciously. "Just trust me Vanya!" Alfred smiled innocently at Ivan. Alfred went off in search for a bedroom and found it just to the right of the living room. Alfred made his way to the bed, putting the oil on the nightstand, kicking off his shoes and sitting on the bed."Com'ere big boy." Alfred taunted, using his index finder to motion Ivan toward him. Ivan moved toward him, standing in front of Alfred. Ivan blushed and looked away as he began to speak.

"I have only been intimate with one woman before. I do not know how this is supposed to work."

"That's alright big guy. I've made a few men feel better than they could with any woman. That's what the oil's for." Ivan looked toward the object that the American mentioned. Alfred stood up, removing his short and grabbing the bottle from the night stand.

"Lay down on your tummy. This'll feel weird, but trust me."

"You say those words like I will be so quick to trust you." Alfred scoffed at the Russian's words. Ivan looked at his newly vacated bed, and rested himself in it. "I will do ask you ask, just for tonight and within reason."

"I wouldn't ask anything of you that would be out of reason." Alfred leaned over the man and worked on removing his pants. Ivan's hands shot down to his waist, trying to stop Alfred. "Hey, knock that off. I'll make you feel good. It'll hurt a bit at first, but you'll like it in the end." The alcohol in Ivan's system made it seem like more of a good idea than it actually was. He didn't know why he did, but he nodded and let Alfred continue on what he was doing.

Alfred successfully removed Ivan's pants and shoes. He reached to the bottom of Ivan's loose fitting boxers, grabbing both let holes at once, and tugged harshly on them. They came down quickly, before Ivan was able to stop him, and were carelessly tossed on top of his pants.

"Что Делаеш, ёб твою мать?" Ivan yelled loudly at the laughing American. Ivan rolled himself over, sitting up and nearly punching him in the face. Alfred calmed down enough for a response.

"Your reaction was priceless! Ah, that was great." He glanced down. "That's an awful lot to work with there." He grabbed Ivan's softening cock, stroking it slowly, paying attention to the head with his caresses to make it hard again. "You'll know what I'm about to do. Just relax and I'll make you feel nice. This is the way things work between two men." Ivan was skeptical, but he believed Alfred. Alfred took the end of Ivan's scarf and draped it across his eyes. "Deep breaths, big boy. I need you to trust me. I'm not going to hurt you. I don't want to hurt you." Ivan nodded, and Alfred began.

He covered his hand in the oil, making sure his first few fingers were especially covered in the viscous fluid. He used his hand as a make shift funnel so his partner's hole would be covered in the fluid as well. Ivan shivered at the feeling of the cold oil going down his butt.

Alfred slid his hand along the trail the oil left, making sure not to startle the nearly six foot Russian man in front of him. He pressed softly at first against the puckered flesh.

"Let me know if it hurts