far. Looks to be approximately a few months to a year younger than Ashton. Drinks his coffee black. Listens to Green Day, All Time Low, and Blink-182," Louis rattled off. How long had he been standing over the expresso machine? 

"Um, yeah, I don't think that was enough info, Lou," Zayn said with a twinkle in his eyes. "Is there any chance you could get his social security number and a graphic detail of his past sexual partners? We've got to make sure that our little Ash is in good hands."

Ashton flushed a spectacular red at his friends antics. (Could he refer to Zayn as a friend? Technically speaking,once you've smoked weed with your boss and given him advice on how to seduce a certain blonde Irish boy with an "ass to die for, honestly", you can be considered friends.) "Can you guys shut up? I bet he can hear you! God, you're embarrassing."

Sure enough, when three heads peered over at Luke's table, they saw that he was trying to bite back a smile, confirming that he had in fact, overheard most of that humiliating conversation. 

Ashton groaned half-heartedly as he shot Zayn a look of annoyance. 

By the time that Ashton's break rolled around, Luke was already finished with his coffee and was leaned back in his booth, looking cool and collected as he scrolled through his phone. He was just so... cool, you know? Ash felt like a drooling toddler in comparison. I mean, he wasn't trying to imply that Luke was perfect. Oh wait, yes he was. Yes, he was most definitely implying that Luke was perfect. 

As Ashton took off his stupid little green apron that Zayn insisted that the workers wear, he could feel his hands shaking in anticipation. He licked his dry lips and walked around the serving counter, ready to join Luke. 

As if God was smiling down on Ash for once, a sudden breeze went through the shop, giving him a hair shampoo advertisement look. Luke looked up and made eye contact with Ashton, who confidently sauntered over to Luke. 

Unfortunately, in an attempt to strut casually, Ashton happened to stumble into an elderly woman who was carrying a tray with soup and coffee. As you may possibly guess, this did not end well for Ashton. He saw Luke's mouth open in disbelief (a mouth with perfect teeth, mind you), and could see the soup and coffee flying through the air before it elegantly splattered all over his shirt. And it was his favourite shirt too!

Immediately, he helped the older woman up to her feet, as he had subsequentially knocked her over. And if the situation couldn't get any better, Ashton could see Luke practically snorting with laughter from behind him. Ash apologized profusely to this granny who now thought that he was some kind of scoundrel punk before he turned back to Luke. 

"Um, sorry. I mean, like about that," Ashton blabbed to Luke as he stood there awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck. "I'm usually less... clumsy." That was actually a lie but Luke didn't need to know that. 

He grinned up at Ashton, apparently undisturbed by the situation. "Really? I could've sworn you've already walked into two coffee pots this week alone! Well, what are you standing there for? Have a seat."

Ashton plopped down into the plush seat across from Luke and squeaked indignantly, "I thought you didn't notice any of that! That was just my mate, Louis. He was just embarrassing me because he thought that-- Well, I mean, he thinks that-- Uh, well, um--"

Luke's gaze was fixated on Ashton as he toyed around with his lip ring. Wow, that really should not be turning on Ash as much as it is. "He thought that what?" Luke spoke in a low voice that sent shivers down Ashton's spine. 

Ashton coughed awkwardly as he tried to think of a response that didn't make him seem like a total stalker weirdo. Oh, fuck it. "He thought I liked you? Which, like, I do? Sort of? Kind of? Um, is that okay?" Ashton let it out all in one breath. He could feel his forehead sweating under Luke's unrelentless gaze. Would it be weird if he reached over and grabbed a napkin to wipe his forehead? 

Ashton was devising a plan on how to casually pat down his forehead with a napkin when Luke spoke up, "Yes."

"Yes? Yes what? Yes, I'm a creepy stalker or yes, you're interested in me too?"

Luke smirked as he grabbed Ashton's arm and pulled it forward. Oh Jesus, he was actually touching Ashton. His firm, warm hand was gripped around Ashton's wrist as he popped off the lid off a pen and began to write something on his arm. He pulled back, satisfied with his handiwork, and shoved