." He rubbed her clit through the material.

The blonde moaned and rocked her pelvis against Sephiroth's hand and got an idea. "I'm afraid, doctor... Will it hurt?"

"It won't hurt at all," Sephiroth reassured her. "I'm your doctor here. Just relax and do as I say." He pushed her panties aside again and inserted a finger into her vagina.

"Ahh," Cloud gasped. "I'll try..."

"It sounds like you have nerves. I have a treatment for that, too," Sephiroth said before kissing Cloud. The blonde turned her upper body and held onto her lover's shoulders as she felt the pressure in her building. Sephiroth pushed another finger inside and moved in deeply. The blonde groaned and moved her hips faster against Sephiroth's hand, feeling herself inch closer and closer to orgasm.

"Something's happening, doctor!" she cried.

"It's just the heat trying to escape. Let it out." Sephiroth pumped his hand faster.

The blonde gasped again and dug her nails into Sephiroth's shoulders as she came. She shuddered, and her legs jerked as her lover continued to touch her over-sensitive flesh.

"Your treatment is complete," Sephiroth said, carefully pulling his fingers out. "Are you feeling any better?"

"Mm, much better. Thank you..." She gave Sephiroth a hug. "But I'm a little tired."

The silver-haired man hugged back and patted her. "Do you have any other symptoms?"

"I don't think so...but I'm late for work."

"That's unfortunate. You need to pay your bill."

"I...I don't have any money."

"That's quite alright. I accept other forms of payment." Sephiroth pet Cloud's ass, watching as she almost unconsciously moved her body to feel more of his touch.

"I'm so grateful for all your help, I'd like to repay you in any way I can."

Sephiroth looked up at the ceiling and tapped his chin to make himself appear thoughtful as he planned for what he wanted Cloud to do next. "I have a little friend here who'd love to have a kiss from you." He pulled his pants and boxers down enough to reveal his hard cock.

The blonde gasped and stood up. "I don't usually kiss strangers..."

"He won't be a stranger to your pussy if she kisses him." The silver-haired man drew circles around the head of his dick as he looked at Cloud. "And he may offer to cure your fevers free of charge from today onwards."

Cloud moved closer, feigning shyness. "Just a little kiss?"

"Yes," Sephiroth said with a smile. "Just one little kiss is all he wants."

"I can do that..." Cloud slipped her panties off and stepped out of them. "For you..."

Sephiroth held his arms open in invitation. His lover put her legs on either side of Sephiroth's before slowly lowering herself onto his lap.

"Is my pussy supposed to be this wet when it gives kisses, doctor?"

"That's perfectly normal." Sephiroth pushed his cock down flat against his stomach. "Your pussy is just excited to kiss my dick."

"Can I kiss you while they're kissing?"

"Of course you can."

The blonde reached between their bodies and ran her fingers along Sephiroth's penis. "Show me what to do..."

Sephiroth grabbed on to Cloud's hips and pulled her up so she sat on his cock. "Make yourself comfortable here, then do a little grind..."

Cloud wiggled a little to allow Sephiroth's dick to nestle comfortable between her lips before she began to experimentally roll her hips forward and back again. "Like that?"

Sephiroth let out a quiet moan. "Just like that."

Cloud rubbed herself along the length of Sephiroth's cock, getting it all wet. She set a slow pace and continued to slide forward and back.

"Your pussy is an amazing kisser," Sephiroth said after a short while.

"Mm, kissing you here feels so nice."

"What about kissing me here?" Sephiroth asked before kissing Cloud on the lips again. His lover kept her mouth closed but leaned into his kiss, working her hips to make them move rhythmically beneath her. She opened her mouth to moan against Sephiroth's lips when he pushed up and grinded against her to make more friction, and he deepened the kiss and sucked on her tongue. Cloud instantly got swept into the moment and rubbed more insistently against Sephiroth's dick.

Her lover broke away for air. "Do you love making your pussy kiss my cock?"

The blonde continued to rock her hips and shyly tucked a few strands of hair behind her ear. "I love your cock, doctor Sephiroth..."

Sephiroth gave her a smile. "Would you like more of it?"

Cloud was intrigued. "How can I have more?"

"Let it come inside you."

"Like where your