butt, Sam quickly got up and made for the hotel room door.

"Oh, no you don't." Dean took several long strides and wraped his arms around his little brother's waist, drawing him back. Sammy immediately started swinging and kicking. "Hold still you little shit."

"Lemme go you lying bastard! Lemme go."

Dean tightens one arm around Sam, holding him tight against his chest, and clenched a fist full of his hair with the other, pulling just enough to make Sam wince. "Unless you want the law on us, you need to calm the hell down right now." Sam struggled harder. Dean pulled his hair more, making Sam cry out. "I mean it Sammy. Stop this now."

The fight left his brother as quickly as it had entered and he felt his brother go limp with a strangled sob. Sam sank to his knees and just cried. 

Dean sat down on the floor next to him, wrapped his arm around the boy as best he could and let him cry for a spell.

"Were you ever going to tell me?" Sam's breathing was still rough as he wiped his eyes with his shirt sleeves.

"I don't know. I really did think you'd figure it out before now. But I had fun thinking up clues and you seemed to enjoy looking, so..."

"Is the other stuff real?" Sam shifted so he could look straight into Dean's eyes.

"What other stuff?"

"The stuff I you and Dad talk about. The ghosts and wendigos and stuff. The things Dad takes off to hunt. Is any of that even real?"

"Sammy, you know it is. Dad wouldn't take off if it wasn't. He's saving people. It's important."

"How do you know? I thought the Easter Bunny knew me and remembered me! And all of that was fake. How do you know that Dad isn't just going off to drink or find some babe and telling us all this bullshit about salting the doors and never going out just to make sure we behave? I've never seen anything Dad hunts ever. It could all be a big, fat, LIE."

"It's not, Sammy. It's all very, very real. I'm sorry about the Easter Bunny, kid, I am. But just because that ain't true doesn't mean the rest of it's a lie."

"How do you know, Dean?"

"Because I've seen it."

Sam was surprised by that. He didn't think Dad had ever taken Dean on a hunt. "When?"

"Three summers ago. We were at Uncle Bobby's for a few weeks. Remember? You got to go to baseball camp."

"I remember. Dad let me use his old glove."

Dean swallowed hard, "Yeah. Well, that was the summer Dad decided it was time for me to learn about the family business. He gave me a knife, a zippo, an' a bag of salt, and took me to an abandoned house about 60 miles north of Bobby's place. On the drive up, he told me the basics. Ghosts can't cross salt, are effected by iron, and that to vanquish them, you gotta burn their bones."

"I know that."

"Yeah, well you do now 'cause I told you numb-nuts. Back then, I didn't. We got to the house an' Dad unloaded some stuff from the trunk."


'I'll be back tomorrow. You should be able to take care of it by then.'



'You're leaving? Dad, I've never done this before! You can't. I don't know what...'



'Quit bein' a pussy Dean. This isn't rocket science and the only way to learn is to do. This one isn't even a poltergeist.' 



'Dad, please.'



'Huh. Never thought I'd raised a sissy. You scared? Should I go back and make Sammy do this instead?'



(quietly)'No, sir.'



'I can't hear you Dean.'



'I said, No sir.' 


"Then what?" Sam snapped Dean out of his memories.

"What nothing. I found the bones in a crawl space under the house and lit them up. Scorched my hair in the process, but it grew back. Smelled terrible."

Sam knew his brother well enough to know when the bravado was false. "What'd you see Dean?"

Dean swallowed hard and shook his head slightly. "Enough to tell you it's all real kid. Look, I'm sorry about stringing you along. It seemed to make you happy."

"It did."

"Okay then." Dean got up and walked into the kitchenette to start making dinner. Sammy knew the conversation was over, but he still hurt inside.

After dinner and the latest episode of Party of Five (Sam thought it was