to give him the best orgasm he could experience. Nobody knew all his kinks. Nobody knew his body just like Harry did. Nobody had the touches like he did. He'd pick up any man he saw in hopes of them being the right guy that would make him forget. He'd hope that every guy he pulled into his house and fucked them so good that they forget their name would be the one that'd be his remedy. Be his remedy to this fucked up train wreck he had become.

He never took anyone in the bedroom though. No. That was his and Harry's bedroom. He also never bottomed. The only person he would ever bottom for would be Harry. He's the one and only person he'd do that for. Nobody else was worthy enough.

Every time he was with someone new, someone he didn't know their name or bother to know, he always thought of Harry. Sometimes he'd even cry out his name as he reached his high. He was always hitting a high and yet he still couldn't forget Harry. Harry was always the name on his mind and his tongue.



"Staying in my play pretend // where the fun ain't go no end // oh can't go home alone again // need someone to numb the pain ..."



This particular night, the pain in his heart, his whole body wasn't going away. He was on cloud nine, having already smoked his blunts for the night and he couldn't shake the memories. The high wasn't working. So he grabbed his keys and he left to where they first met.

-

Beer after beer, he kept drinking. He was drunk and high, now he just needed somebody to fuck away his feelings with. He turned his bar stool to face the crowd, beer in hand. He watched the people dance and grind, flashbacks of them coming into Zayn's mind. So he drank. Tilting his head back and letting the liquid slide down his throat, over and over.

He scanned the crowd, looking for someone who looked just right. Someone who was just right to make him forget everything. Forget fucking everything. But no one was ever right. No one was ever Harry. He scanned until he stopped. He blinked twice, then another three times just to make sure he wasn't seeing things. It couldn't be. No.

He set down his seventh bottle of alcohol, maybe it was eight, maybe nine, he wasn't counting. He stayed in his seat as Harry came walking towards him in all his glory. Looking just as beautiful as he remembered. Dimples on display and bright green eyes shining. His heart stopped. He found the right person. The one who could fix everything.

As Harry approached him, he put his hands on Zayn's face, staring into his eyes.

"Harry," Zayn choked out in disbelief. He didn't think Harry would ever come back to him. He didn't think he'd ever speak to him. Not after what he did to him. Not after he shattered Harry's heart.

"Shh," Harry shook his head, "Come on. Let's get out of here. I wanna go home."

Zayn nodded his head, feeling dizzy, the alcohol was affecting his mind.

Harry grabbed Zayn's hand and Zayn got up and followed Harry out of the club. Their club. They walked, well Zayn stumbled, all the way to the house. Their house. Zayn followed Harry in, all the way upstairs, into the bedroom. Their bedroom. Zayn's breath hitched in his throat as Harry opened the door and they walked in. Zayn hadn't stepped foot in this room in almost a month. Not since that day he had left Zayn.

Harry had let go of Zayn's hand and tugged of his shoes, laying himself on the bed, lying on his back. "You going to join me?" He asked quietly.

Zayn said nothing but nodded his head, kicking off his shoes and laying right next to him, turning onto his right side so he could see him. Harry did the same, turning onto his side. The two men laid there in silence before Zayn broke it.

"I missed you." Zayn spoke up.

"I'd be lying if I said I haven't missed you." Harry replied back in his quiet tone.

Zayn didn't want to say anything back because he knew if he did, the dam that had been building up over the past weeks would break and he wouldn't be able to stop it. But he had to. He had to say something. "I'm so fucking sorry. I'm so sorry I screwed up. I was scared, so fucking scared." Zayn choked out as the tears began to roll.

"I know you are," Harry assured him, caressing Zayn's cheek with his hand.

"I didn't mean to cheat on you. I was