I said, sounding more offended than I should. “And yet I’ve never seen you in class, or talked to you face to face. Even though I’ve been to every one of your matches since you joined Seirin… and I’ve been watching you play since you were in Teiko even…”

                Yeah, I went to every match I could, and I’ve been watching him for years—And yet, I couldn’t even recognize him when he came up to talk to me of his own accord… Every time I heard his name called, every time I turned around frantically just to catch a glimpse of him, he just simply wasn't there.

                I pulled my knees up to my chest, frustrated and a bit embarrassed. “No one can be that invisible.”

                “…No. No one can.”

                The silence stretched between us for a while longer, until he stood up suddenly and picked up the ball I’d left in the middle of the street court. Watching my idol do what he did best… I couldn’t help but sneak a peek from where I supposedly had my hand buried between my knees.

                He dribbled, he shot… and he missed.

                “Pff… I knew it, you still can’t shoot that well… Haha…” I knew I shouldn’t have, but I laughed anyway. So I guess you could say I deserved it when I looked up only to see him uncomfortably close to me, staring at me with eyes full of hurt.

                “That’s mean, Keito-kun.”

                “Uwaa--!” I fell off the bench in my efforts to distance us, and he very understandably didn’t reach out to help me.

 

“Come on, Kuroko-kun, I said I’m sorry…”

                “No.”

                “Don’t be offended…”

                “No.”

                I sighed. Who knew he not only looked like a puppy, he acted like one too? One who’s been denied his bone, maybe.

                “Kuroko-kun… Pass.”

                If he wasn't going to talk to me… then maybe he could play with me?

                As I expected, he caught and returned the ball I threw at him with ease, as though reflexively. I ran forward, passing back to him—We went on like that, back and forth, until I came to the hoop, and then both of us seemed to wait with bated breath as the ball went sailing once again—


                “Yes!”


                This time, two voices shouted in unison, and he held his hand out for a high-five, so I—gave him a hug instead.

                “K-Keito-kun…”

                It hadn’t dawned on me immediately how weird that would’ve seemed to him, so when I saw his beetroot face I couldn’t understand at first. Then I remembered I wasn't playing with my old team anymore, and after that I couldn’t jump away from him fast enough.

                “S-sorry--!” I bowed hastily. “I—I--”

                “…You love basketball, don’t you?”

                “…Huh?” I looked up from my bow, to see him smiling at me gently.

                “I’ve see you playing around here. You play well, and you practice hard… Why don’t you join the team?”

                “I--” Looking at his outstretched hand again, I couldn’t say the words that were in the back of my throat. “I can’t.”

                The disappointment on his face was like a punch to my gut. “Why, Keito-kun? Tell me the reason?”

                “I--”

                “Is it because we’re a small team who can’t hope to win?”

                “I--”

                “Is it because our coach is so scary and our captain is… our captain?”

                “No, I--”

                “Or is it maybe because you don’t like--”

                “Kuroko-kun!” I interrupted him before he came up with any more crazy theories. “I’m sorry I can’t join the team, Kuroko-kun, because—

                “—I’m a girl.”

*

An hour after Keito bid him goodbye, he still couldn’t wrap his head around what had happened.

                Keito-kun was actually… Keiko-chan?

                Dressing as a boy because her father had always wanted a son instead of a daughter, what kind of a reason was that…

                He remembered how they had played together, feeling both happy and a bit low. So that was how it felt like to play with Keit—Keiko-chan. It was just as good as he always imagined… which made him kinda lonely to think that they would never play on the same court, as part of the same team…

                “Kuroko-kun… I really wasn't trying to insult you when I said you were bad at shooting.”

                He remembered again how she had smiled, the way her eyes were focused completely on the ball even as she spoke to him.

                “In fact, that’s one of the things I like