crawling on the taller boy's lap and putting his head on his shoulder. Liam makes a face at his statement. The smaller boy turns his head to the others. "Whatever, c'mon, let's continue."

They play for a good while, embarrassing statements and all involved, but after about thirteen scenarios later they're drunk and sleepy and Zayn already fell asleep in Liam's lap so they stop and agree that sleep is the best option now.

Liam and Zayn are sleeping on one couch and Nick and Louis are sleeping on the other, while Niall and Harry are sleeping on the floor, looking way too comfortable for where they are sleeping.

Liam moves to spoon Zayn and kisses his hair before mumbling a soft I love you, hoping that one day he will be brave enough to say it to his face rather than his sleeping form.

 

***

 

"I'M GONNA POP SOME TAGS-"

"Zayn, stop."

"ONLY GOT TWENTY DOLLARS IN MY POCKETS-"

"Oh my god."

"I-I-I'M PULLING, LOOKING FOR A COME-UP-"

"Seriously?"

"THIS IS FREAKING AWESO-" Grimmy claps his hand over Zayn's mouth, cutting him off and the others cheer loudly.

They are all in the record shop where Zayn works and really, he doesn't actually work, he just sits there and scolds people for their bad music taste. Liam is still surprised that they didn't fire him already but then he thinks about the way the owners look at Zayn and yeah, they won't fire him anytime soon, not with the way he looks.

Today, though, the others all piled on the tiny couch there to annoy Zayn, not having anything else to do, but it really is the opposite, because Zayn put on Macklemore's record, singing along loudly for the last half hour until Nick, thank god, decided that it was enough.

Zayn pulls out of Nick's rather vice like grip and glares at him before turning to Liam and crossing his arms over his chest, huffing. "And you said I was rude." He mutters and turns back to look at Nick, who is leaning against a wall and smirks. "Because Nicolas here-"

"You know my name is not Nicolas." Nick groans.

"-is just as rude as I am." He laughs and smacks him on his arm after he makes a face at him.

"Your name is not short for Nicolas?!" Niall gasps and stands up, a genuinely shocked expression on his face and the others laugh.

"You seriously thought his name was -- Nicolas?" Harry says between laughs and Niall's cheeks turn a bright red. He sits back down next to Louis who just ruffles his hair and tells him that he's an idiot.

Nick looks a little bit offended and huffs, muttering some, admittedly very creative, curses at them which just makes the others laugh even harder. "Pricks."

But then Nick remembers what Zayn said and they get into an argument. Nothing bad of course, but, like, the usual. Liam and the others just watch fondly and make bets on who wins their little argument. Liam (of course) and Louis bet on Zayn while the others bet on Grimmy. ("Grimmy is going to win, once started, no one can shut that boy up, not even Zayn.")

Zayn wins though and Nick just looks annoyed while he smiles smugly.

"I swear, Louis, he got that sass from you." Nick mutters and Louis laughs.

"I know." He looks so proud of himself that Nick rolls his eyes while the others laugh.

Zayn walks over to Nick and hugs him then, before kissing his cheek. "Don't be such a sour loser. I still love you lots."

His glare softens then and he smiles down at Zayn, before hugging him back. "I love you too, you little fuck." He meets Liam's eye then, who is desperately trying to suppress his jealousy and says, "I know someone who loves you more than I do, though."

Liam's eyes widen and everyone turns to look at him, except Zayn who is looking up at Nick with an unreadable expression. "Oh yeah?" He cocks an eyebrow, pulling away.

Nick just laughs and ruffles his hair before pointing at Liam, who is bright red at this point, and waggles his eyebrows at the raven-haired boy. Zayn slaps his arm and opens his mouth to speak when the doorbell rings, signalling that someone entered the shop and he closes his mouth then and with one last look at Liam, he leaves to serve the customer. 

Liam sighs in relief and reminds himself to punch Nick for that stupid stunt later but now he just shoots him and the others, who are still laughing, a glare. He definitely needs new friends.

"Sorry, man, that was a dick move." Harry says then, obviously feeling guilty for laughing at him.

Liam nods, and decides that maybe Harry can stay.

 

***

 

"Are you absolutely mental, Nick Grimshaw?" Liam