the package to ribbons to get at the treat. The frosting and cake danced together on her palette, bringing a smile to her face, and putting the spring back in her step. She bought the rest in the machine, a disappointing half dozen, and tucked them into her suit for transport back to her office.

When she returned, her window was closed. She stowed her prizes in her desk for later, and reopened it. The damn thing swung back closed on its own. “Stupid, stupid,” she muttered, plopping herself back down to write another work order. She had barely gotten any work done today, and it was infuriating.

It was always something with this building, she thought, the heat didn’t work in the winter, or the AC cut out during the summer, and the floor was always wet by the boiler room, and the damnable cleaners never, ever did their job! Breathe, Canidae. You are a tranquil lake, you are a quiet night. You are a hungry wolf and there are six more swirl cakes in your desk, plus a bottle of cognac, stay strong.

She tapped on her mouse, bringing the computer back to life. Her previous work order was still there, empty forms filling her with guilty anger. Too much to do, not enough time to do it. Always too much to do and not enough time to do it.

Her computer turned off with a bweoo as the light above her died, and the fan came to a sudden halt.

“Nooo,” Canidae moaned as she sunk into her chair. It must have been a blackout. City hall had generators, but they only ran power to high priority rooms. She rolled her head back and stared out the window, sniffling at her situation. Then she sat back up, and rushed to the window.

“Are you kidding me?” she asked the world, more accusation than question. The street lamp was on. The tiny lights that followed the foot path below were glowing dimly. She stuck her head out the window, leaning far enough to see that both the entire bottom floor, and the entire top floor were still lit. In fact, it looked like only her corner of the second floor was out. She flounced back into her seat. A scowl firmly on her face. This had to be Swinton’s fault. She didn’t know how yet, but she’d find out, and ooooh, there would be such a reckoning when she did.

“Councilwoman Canidae?” she jumped as a voice spoke out of the darkness.

“Y-yes?” she replied. What was someone doing here? The public visiting hours had ended at 5:00, it was almost 11:00 now.

“You know, you looked better with pink hair.” The voice was male, monotone, and almost slightly offended, like she was somehow wasting his time by not having dyed her hair in months.

“Wha-“

“Stop talking.” As Canidae’s eyes adjusted to what little light there was, she could see the outline of another animal in the room. Big, round, almost as tall as her, but most importantly, approaching. She backed away, straight into the open window. Her butt hit the sill, sending her almost toppling out. She grabbed at the wood, stopping herself from the fall by only two claws, her longest on each paw.

The other animal stopped approaching. He still wasn’t close enough to reveal any details, but his arm extended, far enough into the light that she could see the blackened gun in his hoof.

“Step away from the window,” he commanded.

Canidae’s brain stopped working, overloaded with flashes of memories as everything from those terrible campaign came back to her. Snippets of half remembered safety lectures fought with images of a large hyena to be at the forefront of her mind. But both lost to the memory of the beast they called The Artist, a hulking sheep psychopath in regal cloak, and what he had promised to do to her.

“I said, step away from the window.”

“A-are you here to kill me?” she managed. Her mouth was bone dry.

“Maybe, maybe not, depends on if you do what I say.” The gun moved out of the light for a moment as the sheep circled around, getting behind her. Canidae didn’t have a choice, so she took a faltering step from the window. She collapsed onto her paws and knees as her legs gave out from under her. A hoof tapped her forward, and she crawled the rest of the way to her desk.

“Sit down, and be quiet,” he said.

She pushed herself up far enough to fall into the chair, the metal groaning out in pain as she practically tipped over in it.

“I said be quiet,” he repeated. He was behind her now, doing something at the window. She wanted to lean over, to turn her head, to at least look the villain in the eye this time. Her chair practically shrieked as she shuffled a degree