told him about this craving.

They spent the evening at the apartment, eating snacks (Dean ate most of them) and replaying Diablo III because it was the first game Castiel had bought Dean and it felt nostalgic. Plus it was fun, Castiel liked the beginning the best anyway.

As Castiel was returning to the couch after a bathroom break he noticed the time and couldn’t help but smile when he saw that it was already half past twelve. He sat down beside Dean (who took entirely too long to choose between his character’s new skills, this was definitely a trait he had picked up from Sam) and put a hand on the boy’s shoulder.

"Well then, congratulations on your eighteenth birthday." He grinned when Dean looked confusedly at him before turning and looking at the big clock that hang in the kitchen.

"Shit." Dean laughed and swiped his hand over his mouth. "I was having so much fun I forgot about it."

That made Castiel dangerously warm inside and he squeezed Dean’s shoulder once before letting go.

"Well, now that it’s officially your birthday I have to admit that I haven’t gotten you a present because I wanted you to choose. So," he smiled at Dean’s surprised face. "What would you like for your birthday?"

"Cas no, enough already. You spoil me."

"Yes, and it makes me very happy to do so. Now tell me."

Dean leaned back with an amused sigh. "I want a high school degree. I wanna be reinstated in society, put this down as my home address, and get a job. I want to get a driver’s license and a car. I wanna be someone."

Castiel looked on with soft eyes at how Dean’s smile turned more and more wistful the more he spoke of his wishes.

"I can’t give you all of that." He mumbled after a while when Dean had just been staring down at the PS4 controller in his hands. "But I can help you with some and I will." Feeling brave in the moment he brushed his fingers through Dean’s hair and the boy turned to look at him with big eyes. "Smile for me and I will do anything for you, Dean." He all but whispered. "Tell me what you want to do."

It wasn’t even a sexual innuendo, he meant it quite literally and Dean seemed to get that.

With a new sigh (this one not at all amused) Dean bent forward and put his controlled on the table beside Castiel’s.

"I’m eighteen now, right?" he nodded when Castiel did. "So I’m a legal adult, I don’t have to go back there even if you don’t want me?"

"Go back where?" Castiel frowned at Dean’s determined eyes and thought he understood. "You are by all purposes free to do whatever you want now, Dean. No one can make you do anything anymore."

Dean breathed out as if he had been holding his breath. "Great. Then I want to tell you why I ended up living on the streets of Chicago."

Castiel felt as if someone had punched him in the gut. He wanted to know and at the same time he didn’t want to know. Wanted Dean to feel safe and always stay here and wanted the boy to spread his wings and fly. Wanted desperately to hear that Dean had run away from home because his parents hadn’t given him what he wanted for his birthday because if it was something worse (oh God, it was going to be worse) then Castiel didn’t know if he would be able to take it. It was a long time since he had felt this vulnerable and it was as unwelcomed as it was surprising.

Dean was looking expectantly but also apprehensively at him and Castiel realized the boy was anxious to see Castiel’s reaction.

He thinks I might cast him out because of the reasons, he thought suddenly and no, that would never happen and he needed to let Dean know.

So he reached over and squeezed Dean’s shoulder again, more reassuringly this time.

"Only if you want to tell me, Dean. It won’t color how I look at you."

"It might."

"I will never throw you away, Dean. You are very precious to me." He wished he could just say exactly how he felt but for the moment it didn’t look like he needed to. Dean nodded as if he understood and accepted Castiel’s words at face value.

"Okay." He nodded and then almost curled in on himself on his end of the couch. "Okay."

They sat in silence for a long while, the sounds of the game tinny in the background. Castiel waited patiently and with baited breath all at the same time and when the PS4 prompted them to either play or let it go into sleep mode Castiel reached over and turned it off. The living room was suddenly washed in darkness as the only light had been the TV and