to, tries to protect everyone, while he unknowingly elicits those protective feelings in others. It's one of the things I love most about him. That thought caught me short. What did...no, save that part for later, Hermione, focus on the Now. I couldn't let myself be the fatal mousetrap. For one thing, that was downright degrading. And Harry needed to live, to confront Voldemort on his own terms, when whatever scheme he and Dumbledore were cooking up came to fruition.

So I started throwing back. Wandless magic is not usually taught at Hogwarts. If everyone went around with the ability, there would be no way to control and punish criminals as wand-snapping would be moot. There are always exceptions made for Harry, however. Professor Dumbledore, having learned that Harry's wand was ineffective against Voldemort's, had personally been training him in Wandless since fifth year. And in his remaining spare time, Harry'd been practicing with the help of Ron and me. As the two of them would say, it was like holding a carrot in front of a horse's nose; there was no way I could be presented with a spell and not try to learn it. Ron and I both picked up Wandless skills, but while Ron considered it all in fun and thought that he'd never actually need it, I joined Harry's training routine. Secretly, of course, only the three of us know.

Quietly, slowly, I began breaking down the wards. I must have looked glazed and unfocused, but the cold actually helped me here as a useful excuse. I erected illusory wards as I took each real one down - the Death Eater guards, when they came by, never checked too closely.

Dawn was approaching by the time I had the wards down. It's not supposed to happen that way, either. You're supposed to make your daring escape in the dead of night. I didn't want to wait for night. Every minute I stayed there was another minute Harry was in danger. Of course, everyone knew I was missing by now, and the tracks leading to the Forest would be easily visible. They would assume the worst; Dumbledore and McGonagall would put my boys under lock and key to prevent them from coming after me. But they would find a way out eventually, they always do. So despite the fact that I was exhausted, I knew I had to get away now. I had no idea where I was or what direction the nearest civilization was, but that didn't matter. You can do a Locator Charm with a plain stick.

If I were Harry, I might have gone after Voldemort before leaving. I, however, had no such delusions of grandeur. Get out, get home, get warm, get someone else to do the attacking. I was succeeding, too, having snuck away from my cell under another Illusion, and I was heading into the trees, away from where I thought the original Circle had been.

Then life threw me another snowball. I heard cries of alarm, and I panicked. I dropped my Illusion, which was already fading under the strain of long usage, and ran for my life.

The snowballs kept coming. Something was wrong. I'd been here before, hadn't I? Keep going...back again! I noted the pattern of the sap dripping from, in the utmost of ironies, a diggleberry tree and ran on. Within a minute, I was back at the tree. I racked my brain to identify the spell. A Confundus Class? Must have been, but without knowing which, how could I determine the counter-spell? I grew frantic - each second I stood deliberating was another second they had to find me in this trap.

In a fairy tale, I would have remembered the spell in the nick of time and barely gotten away with my life intact.

Life is not a fairy tale.

I heard footsteps behind me in the clearing. The temperature dropped even further, if that was at all possible, and I knew without looking who was behind me. I had been mistaken before. This was the climax. I turned to face him, too petrified to think clearly.

A high, chilling laugh came from the folds of his cloak. "Thought you could run, little girl? Thought I wouldn't have a back-up plan in case something were to happen?" I didn't respond. I'd like to say I didn't want to give him that satisfaction, but honestly, I was too scared to. "Pity you don't live up to expectations. I've heard tales of your gregarious tendencies. What's the matter? Snake got your tongue?"

Snake, indeed. I still couldn't see this one's face, the coward, though I could hear his hissing. I've never liked snakes. I never go into the reptile house at the zoo, and I hate it when Harry speaks Parseltongue. Yet here I was, confronted with