are mean, because they can. Because they’re rude and think they’re better. People who steal money from others to give themselves bonuses, people who sell out their people in fancy goverment buildings could tell you you’re wrong, people who pray on the weak for insurance. They could tell people like me, and potentually you, that we’re the scum of the earth.” Tooru fiddles with his watch, eyes tracing it’s glimmer. 

 

“But what I do, doesn’t decieve people. It doesn’t do any harm to others, at least not most of the time. I just don’t think my mum would be proud. But hey, maybe one day she will be.” Finally he looks at Tooru, face blank. 

 

And then, in after a beat of silence, the stranger leans foward on his elbows and says “I can’t afford my university, and I don’t want to give up. I’m willing to listen you, whoever you are, because I have too.” Tooru leans in too, past the boys cheek so his mouth settles inches away from his ear. He can feel the flush of the boys neck against his, hot and embaressed. 

 

“You’re very pretty,” Tooru purs in the boys ear, his voice dripping with sex appeal, dipped in lust “just the kind of pretty the boss is looking for.” He coils back away from the other, and slumps back into his seat. 

 

His hand, however, still lays in front of the boy open and waiting. Tooru watches him eye his hand. This guy is no idiot, he knows exactly what Tooru is offering. And there’s something in his eye that looks life starvation when he eyes Tooru’s watch again. 

 

And he takes Tooru’s hand, shaking it with only a slight tremmor and a staggered rake of a hand through his mop of ebony hair. 

 

“Please tell me your name.” Tooru grips his hand, and smiles maybe properly this time. “Oikawa Tooru.” 

 

“Akaashi Keiji.” Akaashi hesitates, and then adds on with a serious face “and I’m a virgin.” 

 

Tooru, for the first time that day, laughs out loud. 

 

not much happens, this is a pretty bland chapter but hey i thought i might as well get it up because i updated meme team and thought "there hasn't been enough failed poetic attempts at angst today" so i finished this off instead.

Also after much debating I've decided to tag this fic also with 'canon-compliment' because i mean technically it is. but it's also very much ulternate universe because well come on, there's no way in canon they'd become escorts and prostitutes but technically it's set in canon-verse. confusing i know 

//sorry for spelling mistakes and grammatical errors, I'm an un-betaed (sp?probably) dyslexic trying their best in a cruel cruel world//

things from now on will roll more forward more quickly, this is basically part 2 of setting the scenes and displaying 'who needs saving' squad.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            



December 20th, 7:00am 



Keiji wakes the next morning with a pouding headache, one that sends shivers through his nerves and makes his throat feel horse with every fud. He’d spent the night manoeuvring from his bedroom and the bathroom, stumbling in dark corridors to continuously leaning over the toilet, waiting for sick that was never going to come. If Bokuto had heard anything, which Keiji was convinced he must have done, he hadn’t said anything. Years of friendship had given Bokuto a much needed insight that Keiji is best left alone when sick, the window of venerability being one he wasn’t keen for people to priey through. 

 

Not that Bokuto was people, Bokuto was Bokuto. A solid and absolute pillar in Keiji’s rather abstract life, offering some form of familiarity and form. Which was a rather ironic way to describe him, since Bokuto was anything but absolute and stable. His character was hectic and unpredictable, always moving on a total different platform to the one that Keiji was used to. 

 

But Bokuto was, if anything, a much needed reminder of who Keiji was. Which was Bokuto’s best friend, his ultimate, starring role which had lead him to the city and vacating in this very apartment, chasing a doctorate in medicine. It wasn’t as if Bokuto was the only reason Keiji had been drawn to centre Tokyo, but it was a large contributing factor. At least with Boktuo, Keiji knew who he was. 

 

And right now, his identity was beginning to puzzle him. 

 

Keiji weakly, with a small groan, pulled himself from the tangle of sheets and staggered out of bed, not daring to give his full length mirror even a glance. Instead he opted for creeping into the kitchen, early morning light pooling from the two pained window that sat over the counter.

 

 As soon as he had entered the room, he was hit with the potent smell of burning toast