his chin in his hand. “I mean, it shouldn’t be since you guys are just friends with benefits, right?”

“Yeah…” Jongin trails off.

 

_

 

Jongin sheds his rain-soaked jacket after he closes the front door. It’s cold outside and he’s more than happy to be in the warmth and tries to breath life back into his frozen fingers. He almost trips upon entering the living room and is started at the sight of Luhan curled under Sehun’s arm as they watch television. Jongin’s stunned and spends a moment suspended in the doorway, not really knowing what he’s feeling.

“Are you still awake?” Sehun’s voice is ridden with sleep and he moves closer to get some of Jongin’s body heat.

“Yeah,” Jongin sighs and continues to stare up at the ceiling. “I was just thinking.”

“You think too much.” Sehun says and closes his eyes.

Jongin rolls onto his side so that they’re face to face and he thinks about how many times they’ve been in this position before. Even in the darkness he can see the sharpness of Sehun’s features, and he lets his eyes linger.

Sehun eyes open. The faint sound of passing cars on the street below fills the silence between them and Sehun stares back. Jongin sees concern on his face.

Jongin’s voice quiet. “Can you kiss me?”

Sehun doesn't look fazed in the slightest. He doesn't question it either. He brings a hand up to Jongin’s face, smoothing his thumb across the swell of his cheek. Jongin lets his eyes flutter shut as Sehun leans in, letting himself freefall into the warmth that spreads through his body when their lips touch. He tangles his fingers into Sehun’s hair and smiles a little when Sehun inhales sharply.

Sehun parts Jongin’s lips with his tongue, hand moving down to Jongin’s waist to pull him closer. Their mouths move together languidly and the pads of Sehun’s fingers press into the small of his back.

It’s Jongin who pulls away first but Sehun is the first to speak.

“Everything okay?”

“Just uni stuff.” Jongin lies.

“Stressed?”

“Yeah…” Jongin sighs. “Sorry for waking you up.”

“It’s nothing, don’t worry about it.” Sehun mumbles into Jongin’s hair. “Don’t stress too much.”

 

__________

 

Jongin notices it. As the months pass, so does the distance between them. It isn’t anything major, but it’s there. Sehun isn’t as close as he used to be. But his presence still lingers in Jongin’s sheets and something stirs in his chest. Jongin tries to fight the feeling away, convincing himself that it isn’t jealousy.

Because there’s no strings attached.

 

__________

 

“Hey man, are you alright?” Jongdae says as he opens the register just for fun. The store is relatively quiet today and so is Jongin.

“Yeah, why?”

“You seem kinda out of it lately.” Jongdae yawns and leans against the register. “Thought that something was up.”

“You wouldn’t be interested, anyway. It’s some personal stuff.”

Jongdae’s eyes light up. “I love gossip.”

“I’m sure you do.” Jongin says blandly.

“Is it a boy?” Jongdae asks and Jongin shoots him a look. “Sorry, is it a girl?” Jongin doesn’t reply and Jongdae cups his shoulder. “Hey man, I don’t judge. I don’t really care if you like taking it up the ass or not.”

Jongin sighs. “It’s a boy.”

“You’re into that?” Jongdae’s brows raise slightly.

“Yeah.”

“Never expected you to sway to gay, but it’s completely cool with me.” Jongdae grins and Jongin chuckles. “Okay, so what happened.”

Jongin hesitates but the other motions for him to continue with his hand. “I’m sleeping with my roommate-”

“Like friends with benefits?” Jongdae asks. When Jongin hums in response Jongdae whistles. “Nice. But what’s the problem?”

“I think he’s found someone new and I don’t know how to feel about it.”

“Do you like him?”

“I don’t know.” He says truthfully.

He’s quite thankful for Jongdae’s curious nature to keep his mind busy and spends the rest of his shift explaining the wonders of gay sex between serving customers (whilst being mindful of children).

 

__________

 

It’s already late into the evening once Jongin steps foot into the apartment. It’s been a long day and he has yet to sort his feelings out. He runs a tired hand through his hair after toeing off his shoes and shuffling his way to his room. He stops at the entrance of the lounge.

Sehun and Luhan are on the couch. Sehun is in between Luhan’s legs, the latter’s fingers tangled into his