her into redshirt territory and she has little interest in that. She was an Admiral’s dog, after all. Consorting with the non-commissioned ranks was beneath her.  She decided that her best plan was to find the canteen and then work her way up to the bridge. She hadn’t caught scent of Archer yet, but that was where he was most likely to be.

Still, the sudden reappearance and the run had taken it out of her. She felt that a nap might be in order so that she’d be back to best when she finally found Archer again. Her nose led her swiftly to store room where a pile of Starfleet blankets made a cosy nest. She turned round neatly three times, tucked her nose in under her tail and went to sleep.

Some hours later, much refreshed, she followed her nose towards the mess. She knew from sad experience that the replicators and waste disposal units offered little of use to a dog, but this ship, like most of the bigger ones, also had a small galley. Here she hoped her large hazel eyes would work their usual magic and a bowl of scraps would be quickly forthcoming.

She hesitated when she once again caught the smell of whiskey and engineering oil. However, it was mixed in with the smell of pastrami and bacon, and her stomach was overruling her more cautious instincts. Very carefully she peered around the door of the kitchen. The engineer that she was less than fond of was leaning on the counter on his elbows, holding an enormous sandwich, a sandwich from which both pastrami and bacon was wantonly spilling. Betsy’s mouth was watering.

The engineer groaned. “Och aye, now that’s good!” She wasn’t sure if he was referring to the sandwich which he was stuffing into his mouth, or the three fat fingers which the chef was stuffing up his naked ass, fingers liberally coated with extra-virgin olive oil. Betsy was more one for rare steak than olive oil but even she was reasonably sure it wasn’t meant to be used like that.

Betsy watched warily as the chef pulled out the fingers and replaced them with something larger and much more personal. “Such a slut for it, aren’t you Scotty,” muttered the chef. The engineer, now well stuffed at both ends, just moaned in response, eyes closed. Taking advantage of both men being very distracted, Betsy managed to pull all the cold cuts off the table that had been laid out for sandwich making, and made off with them down the corridor, letting the sound of her munching block out the obscene groans coming out of the kitchen.

With her stomach now satisfyingly full, it occurred to her to look in on sickbay. Back when Phil Boyce had been Archer’s CMO, he’d always had a drawer full of dog treats for her, treats that would be just the thing for dessert. The antiseptic smell soon guided her to the right place. It was all very new and shiny. Also very empty. She followed a scent emanating from the isolation chamber that she did associate with Archer at certain times, although in his case it came accompanied by women smelling of hairspray and cheap perfume. She discovered a buxom blonde nurse up on a biobed, skirt around her hips and a doctor on his knees, face buried in her crotch. “Geoff! Oh my god, that’s it, yes! Yes! Oooooh!” So rather like Archer then, although his knees had not been up to that for some years. But the dark-skinned doctor was not her Admiral or CMO Boyce so she left them to it and went in search of the bridge.

She stopped by the turbolift tower and pressed the button with her nose. One of the lifts started to move but the other seemed to be frozen, the malfunction warning light flashing. She sniffed curiously against the door. More of the same smell, but this time not all human. A human woman, a man who smelt Vulcan, although perhaps not entirely. The woman making high whimpering noises, swearing softly in a mixture of Standard and Vulcan. The man repeating a name over and over again. “Nyota.” A rhythmic thumping against the wall of the turbolift. Betsy got the idea. When the other lift arrived she hopped in and pushed the top-floor button with her nose, leaving the humanoids to their diversions.

As she approached the bridge she heard deep male voices coming from the ready room. She trotted up to the door but then stopped as she realized neither voice was her Admiral.

“Dammit Jim, you’re supposed to be driving this god-forsaken boat, not doing dubious things with your CMO in your ready room.”

“Sulu drives this boat, you know that. Now that take-off is complete, they can live without me for 10 minutes. Sign of a good leader and all that, knowing when to trust your subordinates, knowing when to delegate.” There was a pause for some heavy breathing, and possibly some minor moaning.

“You fucking get off on having ‘subordinates’, don’t you,