with whom Nick shared his disgusting love for pet names with, but of course (the overly co-dependant boyband thing again), Harry stole Louis' phone and put it on speaker. Nick's not going to live this one down. 



Ever.) 



"-before he wakes up, and, like, starts panicking again. I'm leaving before the reassurance sex." 



Grumbling, Nick made his cuppa and walked into the living room, only to put it down and pick up Lou, who was curled up on the couch, snuffling beautifully to himself every few seconds, and wrapped himself around Nick's body the second Nick had him in his arms. Carrying the deadweight, 



(Read: Most beautiful thing on Earth besides caffeine)



Nick maneuvered his way to the bedroom, slowly laying Louis on the bed and stripping him softly, before doing the same with himself but crawling under the covers, leaving Louis uncovered. He always got too hot under the covers with Nick lying next to him, but Nick was just naturally cold (something Louis made a joke out of frequently), so they agreed to keep the blanket between their love. 



(Read: Louis threatened bloody murder and Nick kind of likes his life.)



Nick and Louis slept until evening in each others embrace, though Louis woke Nick numerous times with his sniffles, which Nick filed away for when they woke up. He would have to remember to slip some medicine in Louis' tea; God forbid the popstar get sick. Just as he was slipping back to sleep (again), Louis' eyes began to flutter, and Nick felt that although his sleep was (very (very very very (emphasis on the very) very very) very VERY) greatly



(on a scale of one to ten Nick would not be okay with this if it were someone else, but because Louis he guesses he'll be fine)



disturbed, he was definitely ready to be awake. Not that Louis needed that domestic pressure of affection and fondness just yet, so,"Barely go' a wink 'a sleep with you tossin' and turnin'" Nor did he need to know he was catching cold; Nick only has him for a week, he wants him alive and well thank you; if Louis knew, he would fight every drop of medicine until he collapsed ("It only happened one time!" be damned). With one last snuffle, Louis blinked up at Nick in a foe-lish manner, as if he's discovering his eyes for the first time. 



Nick loves that look. 



Fuck, Nick loves every look. Especially that one look Louis gets when he com-. "Harry told, didn't he?" several moments of angry mumbles from Louis later,"Harry always tells." the unsaid 'It's not fair' hangs just in from of Nick's face, taunting him to say something and get killed, but Nick's a smart man. Knows when to keep his mouth open. Or shut, but Louis likes easy access. Looking every bit the grumpy toddler, Louis tucks himself back under Nick's arm and huffs a sigh, causing Nick to smother a chuckle because he didn't even say anything. 



Yet.



"Louis, love, calm the fuck down, we don' 'ave to be domestic if you don' want to, we can just fuck exclusively until tour starts up again." Louis flails out from under Nick's arm looking betrayed, half-shrieking,"No!" before scrambling away and soothing his ruffled feathers, only starting again after he felt considerably more in control of his actions,"What I meant to say is, no, I like it, I freaked out because you're an arse and didn't just wake me up, that's all" Louis' pointedly looking away, and Nick's lying on his back, waiting, a soft smile gracing his features. When it came, Louis kept his eyes on the blanket, and it was so soft Nick felt it had been nothing but a shift in the blankets, but he knew. "I'm just so afraid... What happens when you realize that I'm only... This. Nothing special, Nick, I'm nothing special."



Rolling onto his side, with his head balanced on his hand, and the other rumpling the sheets decisively, Nick knew he had to do this right, no joking and laughing it off, because it was only going to come back another day; oh no, he had to fix this right now. "I don' know who told you that "this" was nothin' special, becos when I look at ya', all I see is special. And I've known for a long time tha' I love special, and I've been keen on the idea tha' special loves me back, yeah? Say, do ya' know if special loves me back?" Louis picks at the blanket a while, then peeks through his lashes at Nick, a blush spreading quickly as he whispers,"I'd say special loves you back, yeah." and Nick's laughing softly while