t even Irish, Cas…”

“How do you know?”

“I just know,” Dean says, grinning at the exasperation on Cas’ face. “And I think you like it because you want to be kissed when you wear it,” he says, lowering his voice and leaning into Castiel’s side slightly.

Castiel’s cheeks flush, matching his nose which is red from the cold. “Maybe that’s true,” he muses, looking pointedly at Dean and leaning back into Dean’s hip. “I recall you kissing me repeatedly when we bought it.”

Before Dean can respond he hears a cough from behind him and he nearly jumps out of his skin. He steps away from Cas, not having noticed that they were standing so close and being so obvious. He can feel the heat traveling from his spine to the tips of his ears as he tries to flash a nonchalant smile at Beckett.

“Hey, Beckett. What’s up?”

Beckett’s hands are behind his back and he has a solemn look on his face. “I’d like to speak to you for a moment, Dean…alone.”

Dean looks nervously at Cas for moment, crossing his arms across his chest. “Here…or?”

“No, come back to my cabin. It won’t take long,” he says, flicking his gaze back at Castiel briefly.

Beckett doesn’t wait for Dean to respond, just turns around and begins striding across the grounds towards the large cabin at the rear of the campsite. Dean shrugs quickly at Cas before jogging a few steps to catch up to their leader.

When he steps into Beckett’s cabin, Dean takes a deep breath. He’s been in here a few times before, sometimes for private briefings and on rare occasions they had shared some whiskey and stories. That was mostly when he’d first arrived, and he hasn’t been in here for a while now. He can’t help feeling as if he is in trouble. Dean’s eyes gaze around the room, taking in the meticulous maps and scatterings of notes pinned around a large corkboard.

Beckett hands Dean a glass full of amber liquid and motions for him to take a seat at the table shoved into a corner of the cabin. Dean does as instructed, swirling the whiskey around in his glass. It’s early for a drink but refusing isn’t really an option either; not with Beckett glaring at him.

“So, uh…what’s up?” Dean asks, feigning a confident smile.

“Well, boy, I wanted to talk to you about taking a bigger leadership role in our small camp here,” he pauses a moment, “god forbid something happens to me, someone’s gotta be able to step up.”

Dean’s jaw drops only slightly and he brings his glass to his lips to take a large gulp. This is not what he’d expected to hear. He’d been messing up on simple supply runs and sleeping too late because of nightmares that held him in a stasis between waking and dreaming. He really expected to be yelled at instead, but this is great news. Before he even realizes it, a plan is forming in his head for making finding the colt a camp priority.

He flashes a real smile back at Beckett, his heart racing with a small hint of excitement. “I would be honored, sir”.

They discuss various strategies for organizing more efficient supply runs, gathering intel on other human camps, and managing camp supplies. By the time they’re done talking, Dean’s head is swimming with new ideas and possibilities. He wants to wait to bring up finding the colt, and formulate a real plan for it, but he’s positive that Beckett would agree. He’s nearly grinning from ear to ear as he stands, slightly unsteady on his feet after several drinks.

He takes a few steps towards the door, turning to nod goodbye to Beckett. He wants to find Cas; tell him about their meeting, especially since Cas had looked so worried earlier. As he turns back towards the door, Beckett quickly reaches his arm out, grasping Dean on the shoulder. Dean furrows his brows in confusion, regaining his balance and his eyes focusing on the hard line set on Beckett’s face, replacing his easy smile from earlier.

“Listen, Winchester. I got one rule here. I’m only gonna say it once and you do with it what you have to. I don’t want faggots in my camp…I won’t tolerate it.”

Dean’s eyes widen and he takes a step back, shrugging Beckett’s hand from his shoulder. For a moment, he is nine again and he can smell the grease and the lingering traces of smoke in the air. He is in one of those run-down diners in Michigan, Sammy is next to him, five years old and picking at the food on his plate. Their dad is across from them, glaring at something behind Dean.

He turns around, curious. His eyes