that a pearl was once just some grit inside a clam. Most people don’t even realise there is anything underneath Haru's aloof exterior, much less how to crack it. 

Makoto’s often disappointed when people don't give Haru a chance - when they don't get to see amazing he is, as a human being instead of swimmer. But the rest of the time, in a dark, secret place inside him, he’s glad.

He’s glad he's one of the few people who have tried to find fractures in Haru's shell and, as a result, he truly knows Haru, not as an oddity or a prodigy, but as a person. Where others gave up, he kept going, kept trying. There was just something about Haru - something he could see in him from the moment they met, when it was the chubby fingers of a child clinging to the corner of Haru's shirt, that was worth holding onto. Even then he knew that any effort expended to coax him out of his shell, to coax a smile onto his face, was more than worth it. He thinks it was that perseverance, the almost stubbornness with which he refused to be just pushed aside, that caused Haru to let him in, let him closer than anyone else. Haru deals with actions better than words, and all Makoto really needed to do was stay by his side - to move with the ebb and flow of his tides, but not drift away. 

Their closeness, their mutual understanding that neither of them was going anywhere any time soon, allowed Makoto to learn how to decipher Haru's expressions, to know exactly what he's thinking from just a glance in his direction. At the same time Haru was familiarising himself with all of Makoto's tells and tics (Haru can always tell when he's hiding something - it's a little unnerving, actually), Makoto had been granted a wealth of knowledge. Now, because Haru let him know, Makoto can tell apart his irritation from his nervousness by the way his forehead creases; because Haru showed him, he knows his boredom from his contentment by the way his mouth curves. Haru is an open book if only you earn the right to read him.

Another thing that gives others pause is that Haru isn’t generous with his time - or his attention, for that matter. You have to fight tooth and nail to keep Haru at least somewhat interested in what you’re saying, but most just settle on keeping him present for the whole conversation (he'll wander off like an overgrown toddler if he gets bored enough). Makoto swears blind to anyone that will listen that once, one teacher had been literally hopping with rage because Haru wasn’t paying attention and he still didn't looked away from the window. 

It's a common response to get angry at how quickly Haru can turn to insults just to stop people from talking, or for how guiltlessly he can cut people off and leave them hanging. They think that just because there are times when his attention wavers, there's no point trying to talk to him. Don’t just give up when he makes it difficult, he wants to shout when yet another person huffs and storms off. The best things are worth fighting for, is what he wants to tell them as they let Haru slip through their fingers. If what you were saying was more interesting, perhaps he’d listen, he thinks sometimes, then feels instantly bad about it.

It’s just another part of Haru: he has a short attention span, and always has somewhere better to be, like the pool or, if the weather is nice enough, the ocean (as long as it's not a fountain or, god forbid, a fish tank, Makoto can cope). Just another thing about him that others fail to understand. 

But maybe he's a bit biased. Because when he's with Makoto? Well, that's a completely different skillet of mackerel. (Makoto laughs under his breath, then promptly scolds himself for being a dork.)

Sure, there are times when Haru isn't really listening to him when he's speaking, when he's just letting Makoto's words wash over him. Makoto's always been a talker: he's always excited about something or worried about someone or has a cute story about Ren and Ran he wants to share. Haru isn't the first to nod and hum whenever Makoto really gets going, to respond in all the right places but still have no idea what he's saying, and he certainly won't be the last. He’s Tachibana Makoto: filler of silences. And with Haru, there are a lot of silences to fill.

The kicker with Haru, though, is that he stays. No matter how inane the conversation is, Haru remains a warm presence by side. That, Makoto knows, is more precious than anything. Haru often skips out on things that are too much effort, but he finds