“Look at yourself.” He presses a finger into Skov’s hole. Skov’s breath stutters but he stays relaxed enough for Jiang to push inside. So Jiang slides in a second finger, rough and sudden.



“Fuck--” Skov winces but doesn’t try to stop him. As a reward, Jiang grinds against Skov’s folds, making him clench and gasp at every drag of skin against his swollen clit.



He’s tight around Jiang’s fingers, but eases at every thrust. Jiang moves rougher, tries not to think about the raised white scars on Skov’s abdomen or who put them there. (Skov under him, restless like always, it could be any time in the previous year.)



Jiang leans in and presses his face against Skov’s neck, breathing in. He smells weed and sweat and Swan’s shampoo, the bullshit eucalyptus-mint stuff. It burns in his nostrils so he bites down, imagining Skov’s collar bone crunching between his jaws. Skov claws ineffectively at his shoulders. 

“Should I make you come before I fuck you?” Jiang says, pulling back enough to whisper, twisting his fingers up as he thrusts. “It would be so easy. You’re so fucking sensitive, man.”

“Fuck you,” Skov gets out, voice ragged already.


“Nah, fuck you,” says Jiang. He slides in a third finger, too rough, but Skov makes a pleased sound in his throat. It takes a bit more, moving his fingers steadily faster, before Skov comes. He chokes on it, hands splayed in the dirt, muscles twitches and jerking involuntarily. Jiang imagines the way it’ll feel to have Skov come around his dick and fucks him through it, cock hard and hot between his legs. It’s been so fucking long. 



“Good?” he asks, when Skov blinks into focus.



“Fuuuuck,” Skov says. Jiang rocks his fingers and Skov tenses, mouth open. His lips are bitten raw. 



“Sensitive?”



“Dickhead,” says Skov. “You’re fucking terrible at dirty talk, I hope you know.”



“Bitch,” says Jiang, pulling his fingers out. Skov makes a sound-- disappointment or shock, Jiang doesn’t care. He flips them again, forcing Skov to use his hands to keep himself steady. It takes just a handful of seconds to pull a condom out of his pocket, rip the packet open and roll it on. 



Skov still complains, “Need help?”  



Jiang smacks his ass in retaliation, harder than loud, and Skov makes a soft, choked sound. Jiang drags his fingers through Skov’s folds, smears Skov’s come over his hole. His insides pull at Jiang’s fingers. Biting his bottom lip against the heat in his belly, Jiang lines himself up and pushes in rough. Skov claws at the dirt, trying to brace himself against the burn. Jiang pulls him closer by his hips, keeping him unsteady.

“Do I feel good in you?” he asks, low. “You desperate piece of shit. You like how it feels, stretched over my cock?” His own voice sounds strange in the dark, words not his own oozing out his mouth.

“Yes,” says Skov. “So fucking—shit—feel so full, love it when you fuck me, right there, fuck, right—“ Jiang digs his nails into his back, drags down, pulling Skov back. He slides in deep, hot and wet and tight. Skov groans. “Jiang--” His legs are shaking. 


“Yeah,” Jiang says. “God, so good, shit.” He rolls his hips without pulling out, shifting inside Skov, rubbing against the heat of him. Skov’s head drops, shoulders tense, and Jiang reaches a hand over his ribs and digs his nails into Skov’s abdomen. Then he pulls out, slides back in, and feels the way Skov tenses and shifts to take him, gasping. 



“So good at that,” he says, leaning down, pressing himself along Skov’s back. “You take it so fucking good.”


“It’s a skill,” says Skov, breathless. He shifts, gaining enough leverage to slowly fuck himself on Jiang’s cock. He rolls his hips, sliding to take the head all the way to the base, over and over. Jiang snarls and knocks him forward, one hand braced against Skov’s thigh to keep him off balance.



“Fuck--”



“Don’t,” Jiang says, voice rougher than he means for it to be. Skov tightens around him involuntarily. 



“Don’t what?” he says, so Jiang grips him by the hair and pulls his head back so far Skov struggles to breathe.



“Make you feel good?” says Skov. Jiang can hear the taunt in it. “Make you feel better to knock me down, control me, make me take it? Fine, that’s fine--I can, I want you to hurt me, I want this, just like I wanted--”