in front of him and bumped into that person, hard. The said person made a 'oumph' sound and stumbled backwards, falling onto his butt. 

"Oh my god, I am SO sorry, I didn't mean to bu-" Alec hastily apologise but bit his tongue, his eyes widening when he saw the person on the ground. 'Are you serious, I just bumped into The Magnus Bane (still as stunning as the first time he saw him) and made him fall!' Alec berates himself, feeling his stomach dropped when he realised he had just utterly made the worst first impression ever in front of his crush that he'd been pining after silently and discreetly (maybe not that discreet) for over a year.

"I-I'm so terribly sorry." Alec stammered, cheeks coloured red, hesitantly offers his hand to help Magnus up, expecting him to be angry and swapped his hand away. Instead he felt a warm hand wrapped gently but firmly around his hand. 

"Oh darling it's quite alright, I'm fine. You don't have to apologise so many times." Magnus chuckled softly, and Alec could feel his blush spreading to his neck and ears, even the place that he was in contact with Magnus was sending hot trails up his arms.

After pulling Magnus up from the floor, Alec retracted his hand away from the firm grip instantly when he felt his palm beginning to sweat, albeit missing the warmth of Magnus' hand which he would probably not feel again (he might not even wash his hand to remember Magnus' touch). 'But he does not want Magnus to feel his clammy hand which is disgusting.'

"Er-I'm really s-sorry. I should pro-probably go." Alec said timidly, while gesturing to the exit awkwardly and rubbed his nape-a sign of a nervous gesture.

"Well darling, since you felt so bad bumping into me, maybe you can treat me to a drink?" Magnus stated, his kohl-rimmed eyes shining brightly, amused smile curling on his pretty lips. 

"S-sure." Alec replied simply giving a dopey lop-sided smile blushes still painted on, knowing that he can't form a proper sentence without stuttering. Magnus beamed at him instantly, with crinkles forming on the edges of his beautiful cat-like eyes. At that moment, Alec felt like he's on Cloud 9, swooning over Magnus adorable smile. 

"Great, I'm Magnus and I would like to know your name, if not I will be calling you 'pretty boy' in my mind for the rest of the time." Magnus said and gave a playful wink. 'Did he just call me pretty?!' Alec's brain blanked out for a moment to process what Magnus had said, calling him pretty. 

"Hello?" Magnus questioned in his velvety voice and wave a hand over Alec's face. Alec's snapped out of his daze and shook his head.

"Oh er, A-Alec." Alec breathed out his words and looked down at Magnus.

"Short for Alexander?" Magnus acquired and smirked when he heard Alec's breath hitch and shivered slightly at that. 

"Y-yeah." Alec blushed harder and ducked his head down. 'Oh how can someone be so tall, handsome and endearing at the same time!' Magnus thought and hi-fived himself mentally for guessing the right name.

"So.. Let's go?" Magnus asked while gesturing to the exit.

"Yeah, let's go." Alec nodded his head, still can't believe that he's talking to Magnus. Magnus hold out his elegant bejeweled hand, a sign to ask Alec to hold. Alec glanced down to Magnus' hand and back up to Magnus, as if ensuring that he was allowed to hold. Magnus nodded slightly, confirming. Alec grabbed his hand (a little too desperately), causing Magnus to titter. Alec cleared his throat to hide his embarrassment and his adoration for his bane of existance. 

They walked to exit hand in hand, both shyly stealing glances at each other and laughed when caught one another looking. Alec had completely forgotten about the demon in his room due to his encounter with Magnus and Jace (knight in shining amour) coming to save him from its evil clutches. Seems like the little demon has helped Alec in some way by creating a chance for Alec to fulfill his year long wish to date Magnus.

*

53 minutes later...

"Alec? I'm here to save your ass." Jace said while entering the room.

"Alec?" He looked around but Alec's not in the room. 'Weird, usually he will be waiting outside by now, screaming his head off at me.' Jace thought confused, but he shrugged it off and went to take the demon out of the room.

*

Nearly 3 hours later, Alec waltz in to the room with a sickening bright grin that Jace rarely sees. 

"Alec! I've been calling and texting you for the past few hours, where the hell have you been!" Jace glared