Zayn blush on the bed and straighten his back slightly. He reaches forward and purrs when Niall hooks one of the handcuffs around his wrist. "You like these, yeah? Good Princesses likes everything Daddy gets for them," he says softly. Zayn nods obediently. He loves Niall and loves being good for Niall.

Niall takes the other handcuff and drags Zayn down to the edge of the bed. He hears Zayn's pleasurable whines as he pulls the cuffed arm behind him to lock in place with the other arm. Zayn pulls with both of his arms in opposite directions, the pink feathers from it tickling his palms. It's tight tonight, his wrists barely having any place to move and his shoulder straining.

Niall smirks at the pretty boy in his bed and stands back to admire his masterpiece. Zayn's got only a cock ring on, chest heaving softly. His hair's flat out on his forehead and his pouty face looks up at Niall hopefully.

It's always so wonderful to Niall. Always so wonderful to have Zayn in his bed like this. He's a proud man. To the public eye, he's hard headed and passionate and driven and independent, but when he's left with Niall, he's the actual Zayn. Soft, sensitive, sweet and shy. He only wants to be accepted and only wants to appeal to what Niall wants him to be. He plays Princess and Baby for Niall and cuddles up to the larger body on cold days and cries to the beautiful man who's knocked down his walls and gotten past the public image.

"Daddy, c'mere." Zayn looks up and pulls his arms only to have them tighten up the lock. He moans silently but still gives Niall a look of want. Niall goes up to Zayn and stands in front of him, the raven haired boy getting up on his knees.

Niall reaches forward and runs a quick hand in Zayn's hair. "You're so beautiful, baby. My gorgeous boy, yeah?" Zayn sighs softly. His legs tremble beneath him as Niall nips at his soft skin. He sighs in wanton abandon as Niall sits and pulls him onto his lap. He whines high in his throat when he feels Niall's stiffness under his bare ass.

Niall stops, though, when he feels the butt plug again. He forgot about it. He reaches down and smacks it four times, Zayn arching forward each time. It's a small, little one that Niall usually uses when he wants Zayn to keep his cum in so it isn't the most pleasurable thing in the world. But it works.

"Pathetic. Can't even wait for daddy's cock so you take this," Niall grumbles in his ear. He pulls the toy out and starts rubbing his dick against his hole.

"Like that? Like having Daddy's cock rub on your little boy hole, huh?" Niall wraps his hands around Zayn's waist and moves the boy on his accord. He loves the way Zayn feels on him, his tight ass occasionally catching his leaky tip. "Fuck, Zayn. On your knees."

Zayn moans again before scrambling to move into position. He likes it like this and buries his face into the pillows just in case. He bites into one as a precaution as Niall's warm hands rub over his cheeks.

"Look so pretty. So needy, Princess," Niall says. He bends down and gets level with Zayn's ass. His thumbs spread the thick skin and he's met with the tight little rim dusted in pink, regarless of the small toy just in there. He spits at it, appreciates the gasp from Zayn, and sinks in. He's all tongue and teeth now. Zayn's high pitched whines root him on as he pushes further and starts stretching the boy with his tongue.

"Ah, daddy!" Zayn yelps. He loves being rimmed. Loves the dirty work behind it; the way spit crawls down his thighs and his hole is left wet and cold. Loves when Niall blows gently on it. Loves tasting his very own musk on Niall's tongue afterwards.

Niall pulls up and immediately replaces his tongue with two fingers. He does it within seconds, Zayn left with no time to adjust as he immediately starts plundering his ass. He has a heart and waits until Zayn's stopped whining and started moaning before adding two more. Zayn sobs at the stretch. It was a long time since he took four fingers.

"Gonna fuck you, Princess. Want Daddy to fuck you nice and slow? Maybe I'll fuck you fast and hard for being a bad little boy, huh?" Zayn sobs quietly and nods his head. He gasps when Niall puts a blindfold on him. "Don't want you to see anything. Just want you to feel me in you. Feel daddy's big dick filling you up, heavy. Filling you up so full." Zayn nods again, the pink feathers at the edge of the blindfold tickling his high cheekbones.