home or just call a cab.” The waitress is back to take their orders after Nico’s words. Percy decides fuck it and orders the little pancake balls on page 7. Nico goes with the steak, which is funny to Percy because he hasn’t looked through the menu the whole time. It leads to another train of thoughts of, ‘does he eat here alot? That must be bad for him he should eat properly’, which just makes Percy concerned.

“You could always crash at my apartment.” He sounds clunky and awkward when he replays the sentence in his head, but his intentions shine through.

Nico daintily puts a hand on his chest, pretending to be a swooning maiden. “How indecent.” He says in a falsetto, and Percy smiles at the small skit Nico performs.

-

They’re done with their meal and 2:50 AM is creeping up on Percy. Luckily it’s a Friday night, rather, a Saturday morning so he’s safe. He leaves the diner with Nico and they end up walking home together, which is more than good for Percy since he was going to drag Nico home with him if the other refused.

He ruminates about Nico- the way he’s changed. He walks with better posture and with more confidence. Percy has no idea how he notices these things.

They get to his apartment after a walk’s worth of catching up. It’s not as awkward as the start of the night and Percy’s glad.

“Oh, right, I hope you’re ok if there’s only one bed.” He hopes Nico doesn’t turn on his heels and walk away. “If you want, I can sleep on the couch.” Percy dries Nico before they step into the apartment, something, Percy realises, he should've done a long time ago. He feels every drop roll over Nico’s skin, which for some reason isn’t doing wonders for his composure.

“It’s alright.” Nico says, surprising Percy for the third time that night. The first surprise was that Nico stuck around in the first place. “I get cold at night anyway.”

He realises what Nico is implying, that they should sleep in the same bed, and the idea sends alarms going off in Percy’s head.

“You sure? I wouldn’t mind but y’know.” He clicked his tongue. “I’ll get you a change of clothes.”

Nico nodded. “I’m sure. Thanks.” He says, a bit curtly- Percy wonders where the efficacy of the night went. He leaves the room and comes back with basketball shorts and an old camp shirt. He himself changed- sweatpants hung on his hips, not bothering to change his shirt.

“I think these will fit you.” He gives the clothes to Nico. “You can change in the bedroom.” He gives Nico a warm smile. Percy likes the soft atmosphere. This isn’t what he had with Annabeth, he realises. He likes the surprisingly soft edges and warm, homely feel Nico gives him.

Percy realises that it was probably instinct that he looked at the opening door. He thinks, and he doesn’t have his feelings set straight just yet, and he maybe won’t for a long time. At this revelation, he figures he should get all he can, lifting up the bed covers and says, “After you,” with a grin to Nico. He feels better than he has in the past year.

 

 

 

 


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Nico’s glad that he turned around at the fateful Denny’s, and he knows it. Funnily enough, he thanks himself for it. It’s the morning after, and he’s unfortunate enough to be sleeping right in the direct sunlight that mercilessly streams in through Percy’s window. He slowly opens his eyes and then quickly shuts them when he feels Percy waking up. Being the son of a death god came with a few half baked perks, like knowing when someone was asleep or awake, and then being right only 50 percent of the time.

He feels Percy move Nico’s hair from his face, and the younger male thinks it took all the willpower in the world for him not to smile or lean into his touch. He stays still, slowing his breathing and shifting. He feels Percy stay still, hand still on Nico’s head, before he just starts playing with it. Nico takes a chance and opens his eyes slowly, taking some time to wake up.

He suddenly turns to Percy, seeing the intense gaze of the other before it turns into a surprised look, with a touch of embarrassment.

“How long have you been awake?” And Percy’s facing him but it feels like he’s talking right in Nico’s ear.

“Quiet,” the other hisses, “I just woke up.” he lies.

Percy looks a bit relieved, until he noticed his arm was still around Nico’s waist from when they were spooning. He