the counter top, “Kid, I’m the Sheriff.”

“Ah…”

“That sounds like the sum of it.”

She hears him slide off the stool and then his hand is on her elbow and he leads her to a chair, “You’re not mad?”

She sits down with a thump and nearly topples over but manages to stay upright, “Nah, what you did was an appropriate response to finding a stranger in your house. Good job.”

He preens for a second and then looks guiltily and her face and they sit in silence until they hear gravel crunch in driveway and then Regina is bursting through the doorway because of course she gets here before the police. She grabs the kid and pulls him into a tight hug, staring furiously at Emma over his shoulder.

“Henry, could you stand outside and wait for the police to arrive?”

“But Mom…”

“Now, Henry. I need to have a word with Sheriff Swan.”

Henry goes, scuffing his feet a little and then Regina is in front of her, poking her hardin the chest and glaring, “You stay the hell away from my son, Sheriff.”

Emma lets out a frustrated cry and throws her hands up, “Me stay away from him? How about you and your family stay away from me. He pepper sprayed me, Regina! You let an eleven year old carry pepper spray!”

“Twelve, and Henry is very mature for his age.”

Emma’s nose is running furiously and she wipes at it angrily. Regina is a blurry shape in front of her and she’s glaring fixedly at a point over blurry Regina’s shoulder. Before she can speak she hears sirens and a crunching of gravel and then Mulan speaking to Henry.

She tries to wipe her face before Mulan enters the kitchen but fails when she walks in and hears a stifled chuckle.

“Ms Mills.”

“Officer Fa.”

“I see that there’s been a misunderstanding here.”

Regina, being a complete asshole, sounds amused, “Yes.”

“Emma, you alright?”

Emma rolls her eyes and winces when it burns, “Right as rain, Mulan.”

Then Regina is shepherding Mulan out of the kitchen and she can hear lowered voices and then the sound of the cruiser pulling away. The telling clack of heels announces Regina’s presence once again and she lingers in the doorway, watching Emma.

“Henry says that you weren’t angry with him.”

“No. It wasn’t his fault.”

“Quite right”, she says the words without bite and then walks over to Emma, leaning over her and holding her face still with warm hands.

Emma squirms and tries to brush her off. Regina glares at her, “Hold still.”

Emma does and Regina is gently pulling down her eyelids one at the time and inspecting them closely, “I don’t think you have to go to hospital.”

“Good, because I don’t think I could drive there.”

Regina snorts and tilts Emma’s head back, walking to the fridge and pulling something out, then fiddling with a few cloths. She hears something being poured on them and squints to see what.

Regina comes back, cloths in hands, “Lean your head back.”

“What’s on those?”, she asks warily, catching Regina’s wrists as she moves forwards.

“Milk, Sheriff. The fat in it stops the chemical compounds in the spray from engaging with the nerve endings in your body. May I continue?”

“Sure."

She nearly cries out when the cloths are pressed onto her eyes and the pain abates a little.

“Better?”

She replies grudgingly, because she’s allowed to be grudging right now, “A little.”

“Good.”

Regina calls Henry back into the kitchen, and even without being able to see it, Emma knows they’re close. She can hear it in the way they banter between them, the bits and pieces in spanish that she can’t understand carrying the same affectionate tone as the light conversation about school and homework and friends.

Regina is cooking now and she’s put on some music on that Emma thinks is Etta James and she’s sitting there in silence with towels on her eyes until Regina sends Henry off to do this homework.

After she hears footsteps disappear upstairs Emma clears her throat awkwardly and speaks over the soft strains of music, “He seems like a good kid.”

“The best”, Regina replies and it’s the softest she’s ever heard her speak before.

“You must have been pretty young when you had him”, Emma says and then freezes. She peels the towels off her eyes and squints over at Regina who’s staring at her, “Uh, sorry, that was out of line.”

Regina wipes her hands on the cloth in front of her and stares at it when she replies, “I adopted Henry.”

“Oh”, is all Emma says and now her eyes are watering again and Regina is stepping forwards concernedly.

“Is it still hurting?”, she asks, frowning, her fingers tilting Emma’s chin up