there is no need on such a big mattress, symbolically making room for me.

I obey, lying down besides him. It’s frankly a relief and maybe my insistence that I’d be okay was bravado.

He wraps his arms around me, and kisses the last dots of blood off my neck. His mouth is cool upon my skin and the bite wounds sting under his plush lips. We roll onto our sides, not needing any words to orchestrate how we move, and he tucks against me. Protectively, or perhaps possessively, his hands encircle around my torso. He nuzzles my aching neck, and then sniffs my hair. “I want you in my bed with me. Right here besides me, until I wake.”

“My Lord?” I hear a softness in my voice, and I’m uncertain if it’s from my dizziness or my puzzlement.

“Many people can come into this bed, but you are the only one in this mansion I want to sleep with me.” He sighs, relaxed, breathing deepening as he begins to let himself drift off before the morning comes.

My eyes stung, and I felt many strong feelings then.

But never in his presence would I cry.

This post was inspired by this fanart by Gene: http://ghostvomit.tumblr.com/post/31391561823/also-liz-and-i-had-a-conversation-about-vanilla

I bathe my lord every day without fail; it is part of his ritual waking up in evening, and often I am there waiting for him in the bath chamber, drawing the water, before he’s even arisen.

His body seemed weightless as he settled in, his muscles going from tense to relaxed visibly under transparent pale skin. I always begin with his hair.

“Did you sleep well, Lord Dio?” I asked, wetting down the silk blonde hair, massing my fingers through it, rubbing his scalp.

“I did,” he returned, making happy grumbles, eyes shut blissful, his head tilting back to allow me easier access as I start to lather up thick suds in his locks. “And did you, Vanilla?”

I give a nod. “Yes, m'lord.” I let it sit in his hair, now moving my hands down. I work the soapy fingers against his shoulders, kneading the thick, powerful sinew there. I hesitate, but I allow my fingers to stroke that ghastly scar in his throat.

I swallowed.

“Any plans for tonight, Vanilla?” he asked then, snapping my focus back to my task; I used one hand to direct his jaw back as I rinse the shampoo from his hair, and I then began to apply his conditioner.

“No, Lord Dio,” I worked it from root to tip, amazed at how soft it is. Almost as soft as my own, though I know he is just like that naturally, and does not have to work for it like I do. I am not envious, however, merely full of admiration. “What do you wish of me to do tonight to serve you?”

He turned back, looking over his shoulder, and smirked. Those plush, thick lips parted, showing his perfect, white teeth and his tongue flashed over them, toying with the tip of one of his fangs.

I stirred.

There was really nothing more to say, and I rinsed his hair once more, running the conditioner out, my hands making quick work of it. “Now, my Lord?”

“Yes, now.” he replied, tapping his fingers on the side of the tub. “I, Dio, do not like to wait for anything.”

“Ah, how I know,” I say, and I begin to remove my clothes, knowing that he was utterly serious despite how kindly he grinned.

That bathtub was entirely too small for the both of us, however.

This post was inspired by this fanart: http://starhalo.web.fc2.com/html/top.html

He laid there before me, so mirthful and godlike and wise that I hardly noticed anything else in the room, and I couldn’t even recall why I’d originally been summoned.

Silken hair the colour of spun gold lie everywhere across his pale back, cascading down onto the silken sheets. There was no shame in his nudity, the blankets barely clinging to his rear, nothing upon his form save the occasional piece of jewelry.

I watched his lips, though, as he spoke, utterly enthralled with anything and everything he had to say.

The subject was unimportant to him, simple musings, but to me it was everything, and anything, and there were no words that mattered more in the world as he waxed idly on the subject of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.

“Have you read Faust, Vanilla?” he asked, crooking his head slightly to the side, candlelight refracting off every spun strand of ethereal golden locks. “I rather liked it as a boy.”

“I have, Lord,” I replied, only speaking when directly spoken to. With my Lord, I’d rather listen