filled with only snippets of what it was like. He could drown out that loneliness for a night, when he got drunk and someone took him home. The morning after was always bitter for him, and made him crave that damned blue bottle more than anything, but when one was a popular bartender with smooth looks and ‘electrifying’ eyes, no one questioned how much alcohol he owned.

Well, except Roxy, but Dirk always managed to hide some of the truth from her too, at least.

His phone dinged again, and Dirk looked down to see her reply, heaving himself off of the couch so he could go and get dressed into uniform before heading off to work.



Roxy: boo, u suck dirk ;P

Roxy: txt me when ur home tho, ok?

Roxy: and i hope u have a good shift!

Roxy: …but seriously, Dirk? Text me when you’re home.

He locked his phone without responding, ignoring the guilt that came when he chose not to reply to Roxy’s serious texts. He had forgotten to text her back a few times before much to her annoyance and worry, but hey, he was always there next time. One time you almost weren’t. He reminded himself again dimly.

Dirk settled that maybe one last shot of Gin before work wouldn’t hurt anybody.

He remembered the burn going down his throat as he slammed the glass on the table, the clinking of keys as he locked his door, and his grim face set like stone as he set off for work. He’d transform when he’d walk through the bars doors, he’d become what the people would want him to be.

But he would remember the blue bottle waiting for him when he returned home.

It's another long, arduous day at work and Dirk is destructive, despite the masks he wears while at work. He meets Dave, and with his interests piqued, he's fallen hook line and sinker. Lost in eyes he can't even see, plans are made, and Dirk already starts to feel the temptation of Gin calling to him despite it not being easily accessible by the time he agrees to take someone to their home.

Chapter 2 is up and running! The start of smut WOULD have been here, but it got a little too long...You're just going to have to stick around until Chapter 3 for that delicious first encounter! ;D

A week had passed, and his cupboards and fridge were once again stocked with food and a peculiar amount of orange juice. He had brought them all up himself ( there had been no need for Roxy to see the state his apartment was in ) and had put them all away, and that countered as doing something for the entirety of the month, right? Now he didn’t have to feel so guilty about the mess and look of things. Yet he kept his blinds closed and his lights off, just to ease off any sort of anxiety and suspicion that anyone could see how ill fit he was to take care of himself.

The need to do laundry was getting threateningly close however, and Dirk was nearly tempted to just go out and buy more boxers than clean the ones he already owned. But there wasn’t enough time between work and then the exhausted mess he became when at home, so he supposed laundry day would come sooner or later. Later will do, he decided, once again having down a glass of Gin, and his keys jangled in his hands. He had work again tonight, a late shift at that, and the thought of not being back in his hellhole of an apartment until 3 am in the morning excited him. It would be doubly exhausting, trying to pretend he didn’t want to die and that aggravated voices scared him, but The Pink Pony was one of the few places he felt at ease in either which way.

He locked the door behind him, turned down the long hallway, and set on his way.

Of course it didn’t take long to actually get there— Dirk was within walking distance of the bar. That was part of the reason this job was so pleasant, and the other was he could simply wear his uniform to and from, and the thought that he didn’t look depressed from the way he dressed was enough. His figure was adorned in black dress pants and shoes, a white collared shirt with a vest overtop, and the snazzy uniforms and the way he styled his tousled blond hair was enough to see why he was one of the more popular bartenders. Yet his orange eyes never so much as chanced a glance at the strangers he passed by; he simply wouldn’t have the energy or the script for it.

Nonetheless, with his coat under his arm and his bag slung over his shoulder, Dirk took a deep breath to calm his nerves and he steeled his gaze as he pushed past the doors and entered the bar. The lights were dim and the music was tinkling in from overheard through the speakers, people bustled at tables, and others were already seated at the bar