something that you wanted to have loved ones around for, but then she remembered...Yoshiko was a loved one.

 

“Well, little demon. Before we begin, do you have any words for your mistress?” Yohane placed her hand in front of her face while doing her trademarked gesture, winking.

 

Oh, Riko had a lot of things she wanted to say, but it was too impromptu. Too...on-the-spot. There were so many words to use to describe how she felt for Yoshiko, all floating around in the little cloud above her head that she liked to call “love”. If she let the cloud burst too suddenly, every single word would come out, no doubt in a jumble and most likely embarrassing beyond words. So, Riko pushed her thoughts back into her head and smiled, laughing breathily.

 

“Yohane...shoukan,” she declared, and it took everything to get Yoshiko to stop laughing.

 


III. (and you smell like roses)


 

Yoshiko was a wild sleeper, kicking and murmuring and sometimes even yelling. Riko had come to expect that much, but she didn't think that Yoshiko would somehow roll from her futon all the way over to Riko’s, her pajama top skewed from all of her rustling. The rest of Aquors was sleeping soundly on Chika’s floor, but Riko was wide awake. After all, how could she sleep when Yoshiko had her arm thrown across Riko’s chest?

 

“Bow before me,” Yohane mumbled. “Yohane, your fallen angel, commands it...” Yohane snored once, quite loudly, then fell silent again.

 

When they were pressed so closely against each other, Riko could feel the outline of Yohane's body easily, but she was far too bashful to do that. Instead, she leaned over just a tad bit and placed her chin on top of Yohane’s head.  This is so creepy, but if I don't do it now...well, I'd probably regret not doing it more than I’d regret doing it! 

 

Deciding to use that logic, Riko leaned forward and buried her nose in Yohane's hair.

 

It smelled like shampoo, but beneath it was something...girly. It was most definitely flowery. Riko hadn't expected Yohane to smell like a sewer rat, but the innocent, frilly scent that she inhaled was so out of character that Riko wanted to laugh. Riko moved downwards for a second, but stopped when Yohane laughed sleepily. When she settled again, Riko inched downward more, until she was face-to-face with Yohane’s neck. Completely following her impulses, Riko gently nestled her face into the crook of Yoshiko’s neck, inhaling there as well. She couldn't smell the shampoo quite as much, but the rosy scent was still there.  Is that her natural scent, then...? 

 

Riko quickly felt herself getting...overstimulated, so she pulled away and looked at Yoshiko's sleeping face.  Sleeping. Unconscious. She can't hear you. 

 

“Yocchan,” Riko whispered, raising her hand to cup Yoshiko’s cheek. “I...m-my feelings, they...oh, dear.”

 


 I can't even do it when she's sleeping. I'm really the worst... 


 

Riko peeled Yoshiko's arm off of her and rolled to face the other direction, not daring to watch Yoshiko sleep; she knew that if she looked, she really would lose it.

 


IV. (i’d spoil you rotten)


 

In Riko’s hand laid the solution to all of her romantic anguish. A shimmering necklace was draped across her palm. Its charm was a purple jewel lined with silver,  real  silver. It cost a pretty penny, but Riko was at a loss.

 

She looked up into Yohane's bathroom mirror and gave herself a pep talk.  You  will  give Yocchan this necklace. You  will  confess your love and give her this as a declaration.  Nothing  will go wrong, because you won't let it! 

 

The mirror smiled back at her as she marched back out to Yohane's living room, the necklace clutched in her fist. Yoshiko was on the couch, a bowl of popcorn nestled in her lap. “Ah, there you are, Lily. Ready to start the movie?”

 

“Yes,” Riko said, smiling tightly. She sat next to Yohane, feeling a bit too close. Their thighs were touching. However, Yoshiko didn't seem to mind at all; in fact, Riko felt her lean into her a little bit, looking up anxiously.  This is the perfect moment!  “Y-Yocchan. I went to the mall the other day, and...I bought-”

 

Wait. God, that's no way to start a confession! Oh, dear. Oh, no. There was no way she would be able to finish with that crappy start!  I should have said something about how much I enjoy her company...the confession shouldn't be centered around the necklace, it should just be  complemented  by it! This whole thing was a bad idea! 

 

Yoshiko