layers of petticoats, then finally the tight lacing on the corset. She took in a deep breath, gulping down the fresh air that her lungs craved wishing she could go back to the simple peasant dress she wore when doing her experiments in the old garden shed.

“Please don’t start this again, Sera. I’ll marry when I ready, not when my father thinks it’s best. Now please leave and let me rest.”

Sera frown, wanting to objected but she rather not argue with Lydia. She signaled the girl to come with her, but still she wearily eyed Lydia as she gave her a warning. “We’ll be back just before dinner, to dress you of course. You better not leave this room again.”

Lydia huffed, laying back onto her bed waiting till the door closed and at least two minutes passed before going to her bookshelf. She moved her brother’s old textbooks and pushed out the paneling to the secret hole. In it she found her old copy of Leaves of Grass.

She first read it almost three years ago, when she stole it from her brother’s room. She hadn't realized that the novel would be scandalous. She just wondered what had peaked her brother’s interest.

The first poem - and her favorite at that - had been ‘Poem of You, Whoever You Are.’. Lydia remembered how her blush crept up to her ears as she listened to the low voice her mind conjured up to whisper the next lines, “Whoever you are, now I place my hand upon you, that you be my poem, I whisper with my lips close to your ear, I have loved many women and men, but I love none better than you.”

A strange warmth had sunk into her, curling up on her chest making her long for something unknown. It’d only taken her brother three days before realizing why his twelve year old sister would not look him in the eyes without a soft flush starting on her cheeks. He waited a few more day to wait for her to slip up and accidentally reveal her secret, Will had scolded at her of course, for reading something like that.

"I used to love going through the books in father's library. A year ago, a friend of his moved back east sent him a copy of a book called Leaves of Grass. That was my favorite."

"I like Whitman," Lydia said offhandedly as she read another one of the family journals.

Very suddenly, Will pulled the journal out her hands, forcing Lydia to look up.

"You've read Whitman's work?" he asked, searching her face for a lie.

"Of course not," She said, completely perplexed by how serious Will was acting. At least until she remembered why he was worried. Her face started getting blotchy as she hotly denied even know who Whitman was. Her hands waved frantically trying to cool herself down.

"Whoa," Will said, grasping her hands. "Lydia, I mind if you read my books but you‘re much too young to be reading that. I used to have to sneak that book out of father's study. I read it in the barn because I couldn't risk reading it in the house."

"Why?" She asked wanting him to say it.

"Ashbourne isn't as liberal other towns. If Mother ever finds that book, it’s going to be the last day it will live in this house. Neither of them knew I had ever read it. It‘s. . . um . . .a rather scandalous read."

He looked uncomfortable as if he was explaining the mechanics of breeding to her. Honestly she hadn't seen a man that uncomfortable since she ask the one of the farmhands to explain that to her for an experiment.

It got worse after he took it back but he forgot to keep it hidden from Mother. She threw a fit, screaming it was the devil’s literature. She threw it into the fire place; Lydia had wanted to protest but with a stern look from Will, she watched with a pinched face as the book burned.

After going to a half dozen stores in Ashbourne, she found one that still carried books, since most of the printers where up North, it was nearly impossible to get new texts paired with the fact most people didn‘t have the money to buy them. Shopkeeper said her husband usually carried odd books, and while he was away she was manning the store.

She wasn't sure what books they had in stock, but when she went to check, Lydia was in luck, she couldn't believe they actually had it in stock. Thankfully, the woman wasn't familiar with it, so she had no idea how 'questionable' it was.

Reading it had become a secret treat for her, whenever she wanted that blissful warmth. She barely managed to get to the third poem before there was a knock on the door.

“Miss Lydia?”

Lydia scrambled, nearly tripping on her sheets as she shove the book back into its