watch his brother. Castiel follows his gaze, the elder Winchester growing smaller in the distance before finally stopping, hands in his jacket pockets. Even from here, Castiel can see how his shoulders shift and slump, how his head bows, how he runs a hand down his face before stepping up tentatively, to two graves.

“Whose graves are they?”

“Mom and Dad’s.”

Castiel’s brows pinch slightly. “But your mother was…” he breaks off, watching Sam’s expression change at his implication. 

He clears his throat and half-shrugs. “Even though there was no body, we still made her a headstone, put it right next to dad.” He swallows audibly. “They would’ve wanted it.”

He nods his understanding. Sam’s still watching his brother.

“Can I…?” he doesn’t know why he asks. Sam gives him a strange look.

“I guess. Be careful, Dean might bite your head off though.” He tries to lighten the mood. It doesn’t work.

Castiel nods regardless and steps out of the vehicle, closing its door with less force than Dean did. Standing in the cold, foggy night, he observes the older Winchester for a moment, before following in his footsteps.

Dean must not hear his approach because he keeps talking quietly.

“-and it was my fault y’know. Everything was. Everything is. And sometimes, I don’t know if I’m doing the right thing or if I can even start to make up for everything wrong I’ve done- did… that I’m doing.” He scuffs the grass with the toe of his boot.

“And I don’t even know where to start with Sam. I mean, the kid’s just…”

He shrugs.

“I was supposed to look after him.” He says, voice quiet and apologetic, eyes at the foot of the graves, shameful.

“And I fucked up.”

He huffs a small laugh.

“Sorry, mom. I know… language.”

The smile drops as quickly as it appears.

Castiel clears his throat and Dean doesn’t glance back at him, just turns his head even further away to swipe inconspicuously at his eyes.

“What do you want?” he asks, voice rough with emotion.

Castiel steps forward to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Dean, hands in his pockets, too. Glancing over the man beside him, his gaze turns to the headstones in the ground in front of him.

“Hello, Mr and Mrs Winchester.”

“Cas- you don’t have to-”

“Your son is remarkable.”

The words die in Dean’s throat and his mouth parts in surprise.

“Please, don’t be mistaken. He has flaws.”

Dean shuts his mouth and rolls his eyes.

“Everyone I have ever seen, has flaws; some more grave than others. But please don’t think that his flaws detract from his compassion, or the kindness in his heart, or the brightness of his soul.”

“Cas, you don’t know what you’re saying.” Dean’s murmur is self-deprecating and full of doubt.

“I am fully aware of what I’m saying.” Blue eyes turn fiercely to meet green ones. The only light in the cemetery comes from a lone lamp at the end of the row of graves, the white light like a beacon in the sea of darkness, illuminated behind Dean’s head like a halo. His eyes glint in the night light, gold flecks encompassed by a field of beautiful green, surrounded by harsh vessels of red – indicative of the tears that previously occupied them. His breathing shallows, evidenced by the frequency with which the white wisps of air leave his mouth. There is a vehement denial on his tongue, Castiel can tell. The cold chill touches the angel’s skin though he pays it no mind; he is more intrigued by the man standing in front of him. Before he has a chance to speak, Castiel drags his attention away from Dean to face the headstones once more.

“You should know.” he starts again. Dean places a hand on his shoulder in an attempt to derail his train of thought.

“Cas, you don’t have to-”

“He is not weak just because his heart feels so heavy.”

The air leaves Dean’s lungs all at once. He tries to choke out a denial but fails to even formulate a coherent sentence. There’s a deep pain in the centre of his chest, reaching far into his soul, one that makes him want to claw at his skin to remove.

His hands slides from Cas’ shoulder to drop beside him as he turns to his parents, afraid of confirming Castiel’s words. He shouldn’t feel that way, has no right to feel that way. He’s the one that fucked up, the one who jump started the apocalypse. He’s the one that was… weak.

The word sears itself to the insides of his eyelids when he squeezes them shut