and time…with your hat.”

“Yes, I do.”

“That’s absolutely mad.”

Jefferson grinned. “S’pose so,” he said, flipping it back on his head. “But it’s true. I’ve been to a thousand different worlds through this hat. I’ve seen things that you couldn't even begin to imagine in your pretty little head.”

Baelfire tilted his head, intrigued. “Like what?” he asked.

Jefferson opened his mouth to answer, but just at that moment, Rumple spun around, holding the crystal ball high over his head. 

“Congratulations, Hatter!” he said. “I’ve deemed this worth my while. Please—help yourself to whatever amount of gold you find necessary.” He flicked his hand and the curtain dropped, revealing a magnificent spinning wheel with a cascade of spun gold pouring from it. 

Jefferson swept him a deep bow, throwing a wink to Baelfire as he straightened up; then abruptly spun on his heel and strode for the gold. Baelfire stared for a minute, then gave his head a bewildered little shake. Jefferson was by far the oddest, most fascinating creature he had ever laid eyes upon. In his hundred years of research and observation, he had never before seen magic, genius, and (he suspected) madness coalesce so perfectly into one being. Jefferson spoke of time and travel fluidly, as though the rules of logic and possibility simply didn't apply to him.

And perhaps they didn’t. Baelfire folded his arms, unable to help the little smile on his face as he watched the traveler pick and choose over the spun gold. He was so free, so unattached! The worlds were at his fingertips…He could go anywhere, absolutely anywhere. 

Jefferson didn't spend his life in books; didn't spend his nights craned over small print by candlelight, or his days bent over notes and smudged quill ink. A passing whim was his next adventure; a wandering thought, his newest intrigue. What a life that would be! 

“Bae.” Rumple’s voice jarred him from his thoughts. “Bae.”

Baelfire tore his eyes away from Jefferson to glance at his father. “What?” he said, raising his eyebrows.

“What are you doing?” he frowned. “I’ve been trying to get your attention for ten minutes.”

“Just thinking,” Bae shrugged.

Rumple’s eyes flicked suspiciously at Jefferson, then back to Bae. “Thinking about what?”

“That hat is a most extraordinary piece of magic,” he said evasively. “Isn’t it odd, in all our years, we never found a single indication of time-travel spells? And somehow, this man comes along and he’s not only trapped time, but also realm-passage— in his hat, of all things!”

“Yes, well…” Rumple twisted a smile on his face. “Jefferson’s not exactly a man, per se. He’s not quite human.” He let out an amused humph. “I suppose that’s one of the reasons we get on so well.”

“What do you mean, he’s not human?” Baelfire frowned. “If he’s not human, what is he?”

“What, indeed?” Rumple said, eyes gleaming. “He’s a traveler. His people are an ancient, mysterious breed…Rare, too, from what I hear. There was a terrible war that nearly killed the entire race. Skies full of ash, falling like snow…Terrible, Bae, truly terrible. I shudder to think of it.”

His wicked grin suggested otherwise, but Baelfire was too intrigued by the story to reproach him. He stole another glance at Jefferson, who was peacefully humming under his breath as he weighed his satchel of gold in his hand. 

“He’s just one mystery after another, isn't he?” he murmured. 

“Yes. I find it best not to ask questions, though,” Rumple said, apparently losing interesting as he held up his crystal ball for examination. “Mmm, this one’s going to be interesting, eh?”

Bas nodded, not really paying much attention because at that moment, Jefferson snapped his satchel shut and flurried open the insides of his coat to stuff in one of the bottomless pockets. Baelfire quickly turned away from Rumple, walking toward him.

“I suppose you’ll be leaving, then?” he asked. “Popping off to another dimension or something?”

“That’s the plan,” Jefferson said, not looking up from his ministrations. “Nice trip to Wonderland, I think. Look for those mushrooms, I’m nearly out. Oh!” He snapped his fingers and tsked to himself. “I forgot, that damn Caterpillar is probably still out for my blood…Gods help me, when will I learn to never borrow money from a bug?”

Baelfire watched as he continued to mutter to himself, shaking his head as he turned his hat over in his hands. “Wonderland?”

“Yes, it’s a…”