.

In his fantasy, Reid's eyes are wide and panicked, his mouth open on some frozen protest. "Hotch," he chokes out, "what..."

Hardwicke's blood tickles the corner of his mouth. He tips his chin up and, watching Reid, wipes it away.

"What," Reid repeats, but can't finish the sentence: can't accuse him. He flounders and asks instead, "What happens now?"

"Now?" he echoes heavily, and takes a measured pace forward. "Now we wait for the guards to come back, and then we explain to them how I had to kill Hardwicke while you hid in your corner and watched."

Reid flinches. "I tried—"

"Yes, Reid, but that's not what it looks like, is it? Your partner was fighting for his life and you don't have a scratch on you. How are you going to explain that?"

"I— I don't—" But he does know. He knows they'll ask, if Hardwicke was such a threat, how Reid escaped unscathed. He knows they'll ask, if Hardwicke was such a threat, why he didn't help Hotch subdue him. He knows they'll ask if Hardwicke was such a threat at all.

And he knows there are seven minutes left before anyone will be back to open the door.

So in Hotch's fantasy he licks his lips, and swallows, and says, "If... if he'd've hurt me, I wouldn't need to explain anything." He looks up at Hotch's face, eyes darting, to make sure they're reading each other correctly. He shifts his satchel and drops his hands in jerks to his side and waits.

And his whimper, at the first blow, is just exactly what Hotch has always remembered.

*

In reality, he hates seeing Reid in pain. Partly, he admits to himself, because he's not the one inflicting it. But mostly because it's not just a thud and a whimper. It's weeks, months afterwards, of seeing the bags under his eyes, sensing his distraction in meetings, hearing him snap at the team, knowing that this is all just the tip of the iceberg and wondering if it can ever be fixed.

So these fantasies aren't what Hotch wants. They're not. They're—

There's a difference between wanting a thing and wanting the consequences of a thing.

*

Hotch fantasises that he's back in the dusty street outside the police station, sheltering behind the door of the SUV and watching Reid and Owen Savage down the sights of his gun.

Owen's on a suicide mission and Reid's on a mission to stop him, even if it means endangering himself, the team, and the case. He has literally no sense of self-preservation when he identifies with someone. He thinks that blocking the BAU's line of fire is enough to protect Owen, as if Hotch picked up those sharpshooter trophies from the stationery cupboard along with a fresh block of sticky notes.

Hotch keeps his face grim, because Dave beside him isn't so distracted he wouldn't notice naked predatory delight. He watches Reid throw a glance over his shoulder and adjust his position, and he watches him turn back to talking Owen down.

Then, in his fantasy, he moves. He drops back behind the SUV and eases out the other side, away from the rest of the team. Reid can't block every angle. It's still not the best shot, so step by measured step Hotch sidles from the car. His trigger finger is ready, because Reid won't be able to keep Owen's attention forever.

One more step and Owen sees him. He snaps up his rifle. Hotch takes the shot.

The recoil surges through his body like solid adrenaline, and with it the thrill of Reid's wordless cry.

Owen drops. By the time Hotch closes the distance between them, Reid's on his knees, searching for a pulse. Hotch looks down at the bullet hole dead centre of the forehead and kicks the assault rifle off to the side.

"There's no point," Reid says, glaring an accusation up at him. "He's dead."

"You're not." He hasn't put his own gun away, and his finger still rests by the trigger. Reid's crossed more lines in this case than a snail on a sidewalk. It means Hotch doesn't have to confine himself to a quiet heart-to-heart on the jet. He can suspend him, he can fire him — he can do anything he wants.

Reid's mouth falls open as he realises it, but he's still too angry to be nervous.

Hotch doesn't know what it will take to knock some sense into him, but he's looking forward to finding out. He lifts his gun to provide some context for his order: "Interlace your fingers