allowing himself to sit on the hard manhood. When he took the whole length in, he was still locked into those green orbs. For many seconds, they were just staring at each other, until Lucius felt he had to move. Then he leaned forward, pulling himself up and then slowly went back down. They both knew from their still locked gazes that the pace was frustrating to them both, but they also knew that this moment had to be dragged on. However, after many long minutes, Lucius knew that he just had to move faster. That was when Harry's hands found their way to his ass too and he urged the older man to move. Soon they were slapping against each other and all too soon, Lucius was coating Harry's abdomen with his cum, while the young man filled him with his own.


Lucius reluctantly got off and made a move to gather his robe, as usually their coming signalled the end of the night. However, it was not so that night.


"Stay," was all His Master said, yet his arms, wide for him once more spoke so much more.


Lucius almost flew into those waiting arms and lay next to His Lord. Potter spelled them clean first with his wand, then put it down and pulled the covers over them. Surprisingly, Lucius found Harry cuddling to his side, his head pillowing on the broad chest. The blond man slowly slipped his arms around the smaller frame, expecting to be reprimanded at any time. However, he was not. Lucius still couldn't help but wonder at what had transpired.


Harry must have known what Lucius was thinking, as sleepily he just spoke one sentence: "Death Eaters raided that home of the Weasleys. No one survived."


In a few minutes, Harry Potter was softly snoring in his arms. Lucius knew that once the young man had been close to the red-haired family. He never particularly liked them, the whole bunch was too Gryffindor for him. Also, they were never even mentioned in the household, therefore he assumed that at some point their ways have parted. Still, their loss must have hurt.


That was when Lucius remembered. The night was perfect for it. He had never thought of taking any precautions, but he knew that the nights were not good for it. Fucking just wouldn't do. His kind just needed more. Tonight was perfect tough. It was even a full moon that could heighten the chances all the more. He didn't know if it did happen, if he was be glad or not in case it did. He should have warned His Master about the possibility. Maybe he should. Tomorrow.

Lucius was dreaming. In his dream he felt the happiest ever. Life was so much simpler than ever before. All his burdens were gone and all he needed to do was just enjoy. He knew all this in his dream as he was sitting on a bench in a park. Actually, as he took in his surroundings, it wasn't a park, but his gardens around Malfoy Manor. He was back in his ancestral home. While before the great fields and the tall mansion always filled him with a sense of responsibility and anguish at living up to the Malfoy name, in his dream all these were gone. He was relaxed and just enjoyed the sun beating down on him.


He wondered how he could feel such calm when his eyes really took in what was before him. There on the lawn were two children playing. One was bigger with dark hair, the other smaller with blonde hair. They had their backs to him and he couldn't see them properly. They were looking at something in one of the bushes and conversing in hushed tones with each other. He couldn't even tell if they were boys or girls. However, looking at them his heart expanded to large proportions and filled with such love as he had never felt before. They were his children, he knew that.


"Lucius!" he looked around the garden, wondering who was calling his name.


"Lucius!" with that he felt himself being shaken awake. That was a very rude wake-up; he thought to himself and part of his mind was valiantly fighting to go back to the wonder of his dream. Still, he knew now that it was His Master who was calling to him and he dared not keep his eyes closed.


Once he did open them, he was looking into a pair of jade-green orbs that were rather big.


"Finally, Lucius, I thought you'd never wake up," Master Potter frowned down at him.


"I'm sorry Sir," he apologised hastily.


"You were smiling. It seemed like you were having a very good dream. Well, I would not have wakened you, if it wasn't almost time for us to get up."


Lucius stared at him, but quickly caught himself. His Lord was acting differently that morning. He had lost some of his cool and heartless demeanour.


"What exactly happened to the Weasleys?" he blurted out before he could stop himself.


Harry