from going too many days without being washed.  What little makeup she had time to put on this morning has worn off, and there are dark circles beneath her half-closed eyes.  She kicks off her shoes as if she can barely stand, and she removes her coat slowly and with obvious discomfort, like an old woman.  She hardly seems to notice that he is there until he comes up behind her, hooking his cane over his arm so that he can help her hang the coat.  She looks up at him, seeming so small and fragile, and he pulls her into a tender, chaste kiss before wrapping his arms around her and just holding her close.

For several minutes he just holds her, letting the warmth and tenderness of his embrace drain the tension and stress from her body.  He pulls the elastic from her hair, letting it fall loose so that he can comb his fingers through it, caressing her scalp, while his other hand rubs circles in her back.  He feels himself relax along with her when he hears her quiet sigh, grateful that he can make her feel better.

Soon, before she has a chance to fall asleep standing in his arms, he releases her and guides her towards the kitchen.  He pulls a chair out for her at the table, and takes out the Tupperware container of pasta from earlier.  As he reheats it, he pours her a small glass of wine, and a large glass of water.  He needs two trips to bring it all to the table with his cane, but she smiles at him through lidded eyes each time.  He sits beside her, stroking her arm and waiting patiently as she manages to eat nearly half of what’s on her plate, occasionally feeding her bites when she can’t seem to muster the strength to lift the fork to her mouth.  He leaves the dishes on the table when she is done, and guides her upstairs.  She is tired, still, but at least seems to have some of her color back.

As they ascend the stairs, she moves even more slowly than he normally does.  Soon, though, they make it to the bedroom, where he perches her on the edge of the bed.  He leaves her with gentle instructions to start undressing, while he goes into the master bath to begin filling the clawfoot tub.  Back in the bedroom, he helps her remove the last of her clothes, and sits just behind her so that he may brush the tangles from her hair.

He leads her to the bath, helping her ease down into the water, and he doesn’t miss her moan as the heat seeps into her muscles.  He rolls up his sleeves, his jacket and tie long gone, and carefully scoops warm water over her shoulders as the tub finishes filling.  He asks her to dip her hair back into the water, soaking it as he pours shampoo into his hands.  He lathers it into her hair slowly, gently, taking special care to massage her scalp and temples and neck for long minutes.  He slides a hand behind her neck to support her head as he helps her lean back again, washing the suds out of her hair.  He takes as much care with the conditioner, working it through every strand and massaging her shoulders as he lets it set.  As she leans back to let him rinse her hair again, she stares up at him, her half-lidded eyes full of love and contentment, the faintest of smiles gracing her lips.

He holds a warm towel open for her as she stands, wrapping it snugly around her.  He holds her close as he walks her the few steps out to the bed, careful that she doesn’t slip on wet tile.  They sit together in the center of the bed, as he towels her hair, careful not to pull or tangle.  Her eyes are still tired, but more lucid and relaxed now.  When he finishes and moves to return the towel to the bathroom, she stops him with a hand to his cheek, and leans in for a kiss.  She lingers, taking his bottom lip between hers, nibbling slowly, sensual but slow.  When she pulls back, she blinks up at him with a look that he knows, loving and hopeful and pleading, saying what she doesn’t have the strength to.  His mouth turns up in one of his little grins as he stands just long enough to slip off his shoes and turn down the blankets on her side of the bed.

He makes sure her head is comfortably on the pillows before he joins her on the bed again, leaning over and kissing her slowly, with every bit of tender passion and desire he can muster.  He does the work, carefully exploring her mouth with his and seeking out every sensitive place he knows, only leaving her the task of moaning softly and shifting beneath him.  He continues on for long minutes, until she moves just so beneath him.  He knows her body and desires well enough to recognize the signal.  His mouth begins a long trail down her neck, over each breast and across her stomach, sometimes nipping, sometimes sucking, other times simply pressing his lips