needed to be placed in inventory, as there were thousands upon thousands of them, and doing them by hand often took months.

Still, he prefered hand written reports. Call him old fashioned, but he rather liked the feel of paper under his pen, the smell of ink and the smoothness in which the words flowed. He was planning on recommending a Handwriting Course for the Academy, as many of the newer reapers had horrid penmanship, which didn't help his headaches much.

He sighed after finishing his corrections on the last report, writing a note to the subordinate to please try and be more organized next time.

Getting up from his desk and stretching, he later picked up any files he would be taking home, placing them into a suitcase along with the small laptop a couple of his subordinates had gotten him last Christmas. He figured they hoped that he would allow them to just email their reports in after getting the laptop, but they were sorely mistaken.

Closing in for the night, as he was the only one left in the deserted building, he made his way to his apartment thinking about a small dinner, some warming tea and maybe a bit of reading before he went to bed. He had been so busy with work all day, he hadn't noticed what day it was, and so he was unprepared for what he found when he opened his door.

Too short, I know. I didn't know what else to add, Mr. Spears here is surprisingly hard to write about. 

Also, I think he should give me a couple of handwriting lessons, Heaven (and my teachers) knows how horrible and barely legible my handwriting is......

William stood in the doorway, completely surprised by the unexpected smell of delicious food coming from the kitchen. The room was warm, the thermostat turned up to keep the chill of winter out. He placed his coat by the door and quickly made his way to the kitchen where a soft humming could be heard.

Grell was setting the kitchen table, placing some candle holders on the center. It seemed a romantic candlelight dinner was the plan for the evening. She looked up when she heard him come in, giving him a toothy grin with a wink.

"Hello, Darling. How was work today?"

William, still surprised by finding Grell in his kitchen, shook his head.

"It was the same as always. Correcting badly filled reports and ending up with overtime. Your work was surprisingly well done, I may add. What are you doing here?"

Grell's smile fell a bit. She knew that he would forget what day it was. Of course, she didn't exactly blame him. When you've lived for so long, dates cease to matter to you, especially when you're as busy as William T. Spears.

Still, she wished he would at least write it in his freakishly organized calendar.

"Of course my work was perfect. I usually hate doing paperwork, but today is special, so I wanted to finish it as a gift to you, Love. That wasn't my only gift, you know, that's why I'm here."

"Gift? What's so special about today that you felt the need to give me gifts? Not that I didn't appreciate your consideration."

This time, her smile dropped fully.

"William, today is December 16! The day we graduated together from the Academy!"

William blinked. He suddenly remembered how on that day, Grell had saved his life when he got attacked by Thomas Wallis's cinematic record in their last exam. Grell had been enamored with him since that day, even though she had absolutely despised him months before.

"Oh, of course, I remember now. It has been centuries since that day. Why do you insist on celebrating something that is in the past?"

He realized too late that he said the wrong thing when Grell brushed past him and locked herself in his room.

He sighed. This was ridiculous. He really did appreciate everything she was doing for him, especially the effort in completing the paperwork on time, but to dwell on something that happened so long ago wasn't productive. They didn't have time to do that.

Besides that, this was his apartment. What is she doing locking herself up in his room?

After making sure that the stove was off, he walked over to the bedroom door, knocking his knuckles on it smartly.

"Grell, open up. I apologize for forgetting about today, but honestly, this drama isn't necessary!"

When he received no answer, he tried the door, but it was still locked. After a minute trying to coax Grell into opening the door, he was seriously considering breaking the handle, when he heard the lock being unlatched.

He quickly went inside in case Grell changed her mind, and found her sitting on the bed with a prettily wrapped red box in her hands.

"I just wanted to do something special for you."

He sat down next to her and looked at the hardwood decorative flooring. He couldn'