and whispered his request.

It was the final ingredient in the elixir, the final touch of helplessness that Reid needed to really lose himself, to let this comfort him in a way that Morgan hoped the drugs never could.

"Please," Reid whispered, curling into his embrace, a hand stroking over his bare back to clench at his denim clad hip. "I'm sorry, I - "

"Shhh," Morgan murmured again, kissing him soft and warm. "No apologies, baby boy. You know I love every moment that you're with me."

"Even when I'm tied to your bed?"

"Especially when you're tied to my bed." Morgan pressed one more kiss to that beautiful mouth before finally pulling back, voice low and warm and commanding. "Go lay down on your stomach and wait for me."

He watched Reid give a short nod, watched him exhale in a long shudder, pulling back the comforter from Morgan's bed to fold neatly at the foot. Then he stretched out in the middle, pillowing his head in his arms, body warm and inviting against pale blue sheets.

Morgan paused, just for a moment, to admire - the stretch of his back, lightly muscled arms and shoulders, the slender hips and perfect ass. Beautiful. He pulled the long bag from under his bed, untying the drawstring and setting the bars at the side of the bed, crawling up over Reid's legs and nuzzling his thighs as he did, pressing soft kisses to the soft skin and each ass cheek. "Going to restrain your legs, then your arms, leave you completely helpless. I'll be able to do whatever I want to you and you'll have to submit. Understand?"

"Yes," Reid replied, the simple word so husky that it sent a shock of desire straight to Morgan's already aching cock.

He pressed a warm kiss to the small of Reid's back. "Good. I won't hurt you, I'll take care of you. But you know you can stop me if it becomes too much, right?"

"I know," Reid replied, shivering under the line of kisses Morgan was slowly trailing up his spine. "I know you, Derek."

"Good." Morgan pulled away a little regretfully, shifting off the end of the bed and taking hold of one of the bars, laying it across the foot. He closed his hands around one of Reid's ankles, rubbing gently, leaning down to nuzzle the soft skin as he pulled it over to the first restraint. The spreader bars were beautiful quality; Reid had, of course, done his research. He buckled one cuff, padded leather lined in soft fleece, securely around Reid's ankle, pressing a kiss to the back of his calf. He repeated the action with his other leg, watching as Reid stretched against them, testing the security and giving a soft sigh as everything held fast. The bar was set to a perfect width for Reid, leaving long legs stretched wide without being uncomfortably so. Still the effect always took Morgan's breath away, seeing Reid restrained, spread out and ready for him. He ran his hands up the back of Reid's legs as he knelt down on the bed between them, nuzzling his ass. "Have I told you lately how breathtakingly beautiful you are, baby boy?"

Reid laughed softly, drawing a soft hiss as Morgan nipped at one firm ass cheek. "Yes. An average of six point five times a day. Approximately."

Morgan laughed, nuzzling up his spine to kiss the back of his neck. "You've been counting? I thought I told you to let that brain of yours get some rest."

"Can't," Reid replied, arching back into him a little, turning his face towards the nuzzle. "I tried. It keeps coming up with reasons why I should stay with you. I just wish I was worthy of how well you treat me."

Morgan pressed closer, catching the side of his mouth in a warm kiss. "What are you talking about, baby? You're amazing."

"But you always do all the work."

Morgan laughed softly, wrapping his arms around Reid's. "And you don't think that's how I like it? I love taking care of you, Spence. I always have. Love spoiling you. And it makes me feel worthy of you."

"But...."

"No buts." Morgan nipped teasingly at his earlobe and rocked his still jean-clad hips against Reid's ass. "Just relax and let me take care of everything."

Reid gave a soft moan, trying to rock up against him. "You're wearing too much...."

"I can fix that." He stood, stripping out of his jeans and boxers, cock springing free. It was difficult to be patient, not to just ride Reid hard and rough until they were both spent, but taking his time was so much more rewarding. "You want the other bar, Spence?"

A