trying to coax him into his deceiving words.

“And you surely are typical Zayn.” Niall retorted, and Zayn nodded his head while biting his lip and laughing at the blonde’s words.

“Typical, huh?”

“You’re like all the rest, fake and untrustworthy.” This time, Niall had walked away, and Zayn didn’t pick up his feet to run after him, only his voice caught up to him this time around.

“So, I’ll see you at group later this week?”

“Unfortunately.”

Niall cursed to himself then, seeing now that he was late. His heartbeat began to speed up and his feet began to run.

                                                      ~    ~    ~    ~ 

“So today, let’s open up to talk.” Niall sat back in his seat, staring around bored at the people who were surrounding him in the group. It had been three weeks since he joined and every single day he had been forced to sit in his cold metal seat and listen to all the bullshit talk and it had been agonizing.

“We’ve all been here for a little while now, and we seem to be comfortable and friendly with each other, so how about we share?” She suggested. “Anyone care to start?”

The woman running the group, Miss Sanders had been teaching everyone to share their life experiences that had them here today. It made Niall’s stomach coil and retch with a nauseous feeling as he sat back and tried to ignore every conversation which was going to be brought up in the next hour of the hell he was made to sit through.

She glanced around for a while, her daggers for eyes trying to intimidate the broken souls around the room, yet no one seemed interested. The eyes of the shattered teens gazed into the distance. There was silence looming over the circle with no one speaking up.

It was only moments later that she sighed and Niall thought she was about to give up, but that was until he glanced over to see Zayn who was slowly raising his strong hand and Miss Sanders had that girlish blush dusting her cheeks seeing the boy volunteering.

“I guess I will.” He spoke carefully and Niall could’ve swore he had briefly made eye contact with him, causing him to blush himself now. He bit down on his lip hard then, looking away from the boy with his hand raised.

“Alright Zayn, thank you for volunteering.” She beamed at him. “Start whenever you’re ready.”

Zayn then rested his back in his seat a little and his face looked momentarily disturbed, but before Niall could even process if it had actually been there, it was already gone. Niall’s eyes kept flickering back-and-forth to the ground and to Zayn’s nervous face. Usually the boy never spoke up, and Niall was wondering what the hell he was even doing.

There had been something different about him than the first few times he had talked to him. He always looked like he had something else to say but he never spoke up. Niall wanted to ask but then again he reminded himself he didn’t actually care.

When he walked him home everyday after group, to Niall’s dislike, he felt as if he were holding some words back. But he never spoke them, and everyday Niall would go home and wonder about Zayn a little, even if he didn’t want to admit it.

Niall’s mind grew silent as the boy cleared his throat and began to speak.

“Well my name is Zayn Malik, I’m 16 years old and ever since I was little I’ve been a burden to everyone.”

Niall bit his lip and his heart clenched as he felt that was aimed towards him. Zayn’s voice was present with anger, but also hurt as he spoke his words and now Niall could understand why the venom in his tone was shot at him. Because that’s the way he treated him. Exactly like a burden. Zayn had ran a hand through his hair then, breathing out before continuing.

“My parents were alcoholics, and they weren’t exactly the nicest alcoholics.” The boy continued to open up, and unlike the many times before Niall was actually listening to his dark confession. “My mother would leave me for days alone with my father who would beat me, relentlessly. And then one day they left,”

He could hear the way he clenched his teeth, and his fists balled into rage.

“And I never saw them again and I said good riddance.” Niall then glanced up, but once again he could feel that irritation searing in his chest as the kids around them started to clap for him. “And now here I am, still trying to find anyone that will take me in, and it’s rather unlikely. But, I’m still trying to find my happiness.”

When he ended, he sat back, but there wasn’t that signature smile that was resting on his lips, because Niall knew that was something he didn’t want to do. Zayn didn’t want to share and his eyes were