onto his stomach, keeping his hips up trying to avoid rubbing his cock on the sheets. His legs shake as he exposes himself as the heat starts clawing in his groin and sparking down the back of his legs until it’s white hot. “Hurry,” he pants, rubbing his forehead into the mattress.  Baekhyun inhales heavily, failing to suppress a growl from somewhere deep in his chest at the flood of pheromones in the air and the long legs of his partner spread for him.  “I got you.” Baekhyun secures his palm around Chanyeol’s hip and keeps him in place before easing two fingers inside of him gently. He pairs the intrusion with a kiss and nip to the back of his shoulder to soothe him. He’s molten hot inside, and immediately Chanyeol’s body contracts around him and pulls his fingers in.  “Mmph!” Chanyeol cries into the pillow, pushing his face into it. His body bows out until he’s shoving his hips further onto Baekhyun’s hand. His back trembles, and his legs squirm, as Baekhyun starts pressing into his prostate with both fingers.  “Relax, love.” Baekhyun strokes a hand on his lower back, trying to ease Chanyeol’s muscles.  Chanyeol’s body quivers again before he lifts his head off the pillow just long enough to give him a wet-eyed glance. “You know you don’t have to do this, right?” He moodily shoves his cheek into the pillow.  “It’s better to be safe.” He uses his hand to angle Chanyeol’s hips better, and gently continues to fuck his fingers into him until he hears what he’s waiting for. His pupils dilate at the first sight of slick easing out of him. “There we go. That’s it.” He kisses Chanyeol’s cheek, pressing harder with his fingers.  Chanyeol’s ear go pinker with vague embarrassment, but he rocks his hips into Baekhyun’s hand, building up a pleasurable tempo until his ass and Baekhyun’s hand is wet with slick, and his heat is almost making him crawl out of his skin. He can’t stop squirming, and another contraction hits that has him tightening around Baekhyun’s fingers.  “Easy,” Baekhyun soothes, trying to slide his hand free.  Too late does Chanyeol realise that the pressure mounting in his belly wasn’t his heat but actually an orgasm. It takes him by surprise when it crests and crashes, drowning him in waves of both pleasure and pain as he comes dry. His muscles contract to secure something that isn’t there, and he’s left feeling like his muscles are going to tear from the strain.  “Baekhyun!” he gasps. “Ow!”  Immediately Baekhyun pushes his fingers in deeper and spreads them as much as he can. “Sorry. Here.” He kisses his cheek and his neck in apology. “I should have stopped sooner.”  “It’s fine,” Chanyeol huffs, feeling the pain subside slightly from the fuller feeling. “I didn’t feel it coming either.” He eases his hips back and forth trying to ride out the spasms. “This is why heat sex sucks.”  “It has its perks.” He pecks at Chanyeol’s shoulder again. “Come on, let go, baby.” Chanyeol is still gripping his fingers like a vice.  “I’m trying,” Chanyeol complains grumpily, eyebrows creasing. His back shivers with the last remnants of his unsatisfying orgasm. Baekhyun encouragingly strokes his free hand up and down his back to soothe him.  “You’re doing so well,” Baekhyun coos, grinning at the shiver of pleasure he gets at a response. His erection throbs painfully now, getting worse the more he smells of Chanyeol’s heat and slick. “I can’t wait to knot you.”  “Fuck, Baekhyun.” He reaches back the best he can and playfully slaps Baekhyun on the shoulder. “Stop being so -” He lets out a deep breath and his muscles relax completely, freeing Baekhyun’s fingers. “- hot,” he sighs in relief.  Baekhyun crawls closer and nuzzles into his personal space. “I can’t help it. It’s a gift.” He makes a show of licking his wet fingers. Chanyeol can’t help but bite his lip, feeling his heat settle in his stomach again.  “Just knot me, Baekhyun.” He turns over onto his back and shoves him with a chuckle.  “It would be my pleasure.” Baekhyun bites his shoulder with a grin then withdraws. He chances a glance between Chanyeol’s legs and flushes. He’s so wet now it’s trailing down his thighs. “But first, let’s put down another towel. I don’t want to do laundry.”  “Yeah, okay.” He lifts up his hips to make room as Baekhyun lays the towel down under his lower back. “And take them off.” He gestures to Baekhyun’s underwear.  Baekhyun complies, somewhat bashful of just how hard he is. He catches Chanyeol staring, particularly at the base of his