looked pink or violet – it was difficult to tell in the dim light. As he stood, he felt Erestor standing behind him, and a pair of hands rested upon his shoulders and began to massage the tension from them. “Would you prefer something else?”

“I think it... might work,” mumbled Glorfindel, his mind numbed as it all sunk in. This thing, that he declared he would never do, was about to be done. It made him shiver all the more as his clothing was stripped from his body, and in their wake, needful kisses on bare skin.

They tumbled onto the bed when those delicious and delightful lips forced his to kiss back. Glorfindel forgot about their intended purpose that evening and tugged Erestor’s shirt off, hands now too busy to worry about the rest as they tangled into midnight tresses.

When Erestor tried to gently turn him onto his stomach, Glorfindel shoved him away. “I need to be facing you,” he reminded him warningly. Erestor nodded, caught in the moment, and remembered himself. A kiss of reassurance followed, and then Erestor rose up, knelt between Glorfindel’s legs, and ran a hand down his lover’s smooth, heaving chest before lowering himself back toward the foot of the bed, and Glorfindel’s feet.

Glorfindel breathed deeply, nostrils filling with the sweet smell of lavender from the burning candles. He felt one of his feet lifted up, and left to rest on Erestor’s thigh as the end of the ribbon enrobed his ankle. As the end was threaded through again and tightened, Glorfindel opened his mouth, about to use one of the predetermined words.

But which one? He reflected upon this as Erestor moved to his other foot, and slowly repeated the steps he had on the other. Glorfindel’s gut feeling was to call off the entire thing, but then, he would feel terrible for having made Erestor think they were going to do this. On the other hand, he doubted there would be much pleasure in it for either of them if they got too far along before the decision was made.

On the other hand – though Glorfindel’s mind was swimming too fast to realize he had actually run out of other hands at this point – everything he had demanded was given to him. The room was adequately lit, the door was closed, there was not a sign anywhere of any object that might distress him. The ribbon was comfortable; he barely noticed it, to be honest. Most importantly, Erestor, whom he trusted more than anyone else, was here and would allow no harm to come to him.

“Are you alright?”

Glorfindel looked up and nodded, and found he had been trembling. “Just a little nervous,” he readily admitted as Erestor lifted one of his hands from where it rested upon the bed sheet. “Always like that the first time,” he added somewhat jokingly.

Erestor held Glorfindel’s hand with both of his own, and for a moment, Glorfindel wondered if the concerned expression he saw looking back at him was a split second away from calling it off. Indeed, it would be easier if Erestor was the one to, because Glorfindel would not feel so much a failure. It was unlikely, he knew as Erestor lifted his hand and tenderly kissed it before reaching for the length of ribbon tied to the nearest post. They had the words, and Erestor had sworn to stop upon hearing them, and only upon hearing them.

For some reason, Glorfindel felt greater anxiety when his first wrist was bound, his limb stretched out and useless to him. He gave an imperceptible tug at it when Erestor walked around to the other side of the bed, and panic set in when his lone free arm was suddenly taken hold of by Erestor. The movements were slow and gentle, but in Glorfindel’s mind, it was happening too fast now – so fast, he could not recall the words, nothing, it was all a blank, only the fear and the panic and the—

“Stop!” he cried out as the final knot was tied that would immobilize him. “Erestor, please, stop, let me go – Erestor, I cannot remember them – I have forgotten the words, Erestor, please!” He broke down, labored sobs tormenting him as Erestor quickly worked the knot loose and unwrapped the second wrist he had bound. Before he could move to the other side, Glorfindel was already hurriedly untying it himself, and he dropped back down against the pillows when his other arm was freed. “Sorry, I... I thought I would do better than that,” he shamefully apologized. A moment later, he was pulled up into his lover’s arms, held until his tears could be wiped away. “Sorry,” he muttered one final time.

“Glorfindel, I should apologize, not you. I could feel your unrest, and yet I kept going thinking to help you overcome this. It was wrong of me.” He rubbed Glorfindel’s back until the blond was relaxed again. “Let me untie your feet and then we can sleep and forget about