.

"At this time, the answer is quite simply no. No, we are not going to give you access to our files, no you may not peruse this paper's archives, index or morgue. Without the proper forms, that is." She was hardcore and Sam could not help but be impressed. She was nearly quivering with a combination of outrage and a protectiveness that rivalled a mother bear separated from her cub. She held up a hand, fake nails, a pearl ring, she was classic spinster and fierce.

"What is it you're working so hard to protect?" he asked softly.

She seemed taken aback. "It's not like that. I need the proper," emphasis on proper, "paperwork to allow you in to our stacks."

"And yet, if I were a highschool journalism student, you would be polite and helpful, wouldn't you, Miss Greer."

"I'm sorry, young man, that you feel I'm being impolite. I'm trying to be as professional and firm with you as I can before I phone the police."

Sam barked out a laugh. "The police? I just showed you my Federal badge."

"Perhaps you did. But you don't have any accompanying paperwork identifying either yourself or this particular casework. I'm sorry, we're all sorry, that this young woman chose this course for her life, but what you're asking, what you're suggesting is preposterous and frankly we will have nothing to do with it voluntarily."

"You do realize that most of your indices are accessible online?"

She smiled grimly. "I think you'll find that none of our archives have been digitized."

Sam wondered why he was pushing her, why he didn't just walk away, knowing he could break back in after hours, but still he flashed his dimples.

She gave him a severe look over the top of her half-spectacles. "Please don't take me for a fool. This sort of personal tragedy tends to bring your kind crawling out of the cracks, nosing through other people's business, small town gossip and hearsay. We don't want any of that here."

"Who are you protecting?"

With a violent and yet impressively restrained movement, she pointed to the door. "Out!"

He tipped his head in compliance. He was on the right track.

***

He and Dean were sitting on the sofa in the front room of Dana and Jeanette's rented bungalow.

"This is really quaint," Sam said, looking around the vintage home, sipping at the coffee she had offered.

She smiled at him, and he wondered why he felt so indulged. "I suppose it is. We wanted to be able to walk to work and we both thought downtown was funky and fun. Rent is way cheap."

Dean sat forward, putting his coffee mug down on the coffee table and Sam knew he would have far preferred a bottle of beer over yet another cup of coffee. "Listen, I'm sure you're a perfectly wonderful girl, and totally interesting, but we've already encountered several, let's say, strange things today, stranger than what we already know to be strange," Dean frowned at the jumble of his own words but held up an apologetic hand to her and continued, "and I'd like to just move past the chit-chat and start talking about your room-mate."

"Okay," Dana said, physically subdued, but with her eyes flashing and the pink tip of her tongue making a quick pass over her bottom lip.

With a sinking realization, Sam looked at her looking at Dean and saw the electricity his brother was generating inside this woman. He shook his head, simultaneously impressed and disheartened at Dean's affect on people. He frowned into his mug before placing it beside his brother's mug and sitting forward in anticipation.

"You said earlier that you do believe there's something strange in all of this. What is it?" Dean's voice was like honey and Sam let it flow into him.

"Mmmm..." she stalled.

They waited and finally Dean leaned back into the cushion, his elbow brushing deeply into Sam's ribs and Sam held himself rigid but pressing slightly back into the pressure. Dean fished the baggie out of his front pocket and pushed it across the table towards her. "What is this, Dana? What is that?"

She reached down for it and in the moment she saw and recognized it, she drew her hand back as though bitten.

"Nope," Dean said, "actually, it's not a snake. It's a locket. Where did it come from? And why was Jeanette wearing it?"

"She was wearing it?" Dana whispered.

Sam interjected. "We don't know that. It was in her personal effects the hospital gave us. What do you know about it?"

"Of course she was wearing it." She began to cry softly. Dean reached down and Dana jumped up