was a foolish man who tried so hard to fool himself.  He only wanted to test his new surveillance cameras and he was the British Government was he not.  There was no-one to stop him.  Very well then, he thought, and began to familiarise himself with the procedure for viewing the footage.

 ~~~

Ten minutes later, he was staring at the screen of his laptop with his breath nearly caught in his throat and his eyes nearly popping out of his head.

It certainly was a good picture, he thought absently with the part of his brain that was still working.  He could see every line on John Watson’s face, every hair on his head.  Every bead of sweat as it ran down his body.  John was panting, pushing his hips back to meet the thrusting behind him as the man kneeling at his back pushed into him.

John was groaning but the sound couldn’t really be heard, in spite of the state of the art sound system.  It was muffled by the large gag in his mouth.  His eyes were closed in bliss and by the way he was moving he was evidently trying to make the other man go faster.

“Patience, John,” said his lover, and Mycroft waited in dismay as the camera slowly moved up John’s kneeling body to reveal that the lover was none other than –

Sherlock smiled into the camera.  “Hello, Mycroft,” he said, and kept on moving.

 ~~~

Sherlock stopped what he was doing and looked back over his shoulder as the living room door opened abruptly.

“Ah, Mycroft,” he said, putting a grounding hand on John’s back to keep him in place.  “I thought you would be red-faced with the exertion caused by your haste to arrive but on the contrary you look a little pale.  I assume that’s due to your vampirism.  It’s not yet dusk, you must really have rushed to get here.”  He gave a minute thrust with his hips that pushed his cock forward into the warm, wet hole he was lodged in.

Mycroft glowered, trying to cover his acute embarrassment and not look at John at the same time.  “Don’t be absurd.”

Sherlock kept up a light rocking motion as he spoke.  “What are you doing here anyway, Mycroft?  Something urgent you wish to impart from Her Majesty?”

Mycroft drew himself up to his full height and looked Sherlock straight in the eye.  “I received word that John was here alone and that he was being attacked,” he lied.  It was still remotely possible that Sherlock didn’t know about the cameras and that his twisted smile to the lens had been a coincidence.

“Attacked?  Really?  So, you came charging in to the rescue in person instead of sending a team of your minions, as if John were a damsel in distress.  Which makes me …” he raised his eyebrows and considered for a moment, “…the villain of the piece?  Perhaps I should grow a long, curly moustache?  John would like that, wouldn’t you, John?” he added suggestively, smiling down at the hunched man.

John glared at him and then thought it through, dipping his head to smile secretly to himself.  ‘Oh, yes,’ he thought.

Mycroft didn’t know where to put his face.  And Sherlock mentally chalked up the exchange as a victory for him.  Not that he was keeping score at all.

“If you’d care to stay, John and I can demonstrate some of the techniques I’ve learned,” Sherlock invited.  “They satisfy John very well.  Don’t they, John?”

There was no reply from John.

“You’d be quite welcome,” Sherlock was saying, “I don’t think we’ll be good for too much more here, but I still have to ensure that John is satisfied as well, which takes a little longer.  Would you like to see me come inside him?  Or demonstrate how I bring him to orgasm?”

“No!” Mycroft shouted.

“Are you sure?”

Mycroft knew then that if it hadn’t been before, it was now time to leave.  He was doing no good here, quite the opposite in fact, but he felt it was his obligation, even in these embarrassing circumstances, to make it clear to John that he was just the latest in a long line of distractions that Sherlock had employed over the years, that his fidelity was completely out of place and that one day he would find himself superseded by someone or something else.  He was just the latest drug of choice.

“I admire your loyalty, John,” he said gently.  “But even you must see how much it’s misplaced.  You shield him from the sharp corners of his own mind.  You’ve known this from the start.  But you can’t be his buffer forever.  You need to take care of yourself because even with the best of intentions, he can’t do it.  Take it from one who knows.

“You’ve done all this to keep him here with you, giving of yourself