getting a "Ma!" from Sam. "Don't encourage him!"

Steve sighed.

"Sam, go check on my pie. Steven, quit fussing over Bucky and go put those presents under my tree."

Sam and Steve exchanged looks before they accepted their orders and their cookie-chomping companion with a sighed, "Yes, ma'am."

"Is Steve your boyfriend?" Bess asked, making Sam choke on his drink.

"Not every guy Steve brings home is his boyfriend," Rebecca scolded her, then she turned on Sam and lowered her voice. "It's fine if you are, though. Steve's been out to us forever."

"We can't just be roommates who like each other?" Sam asked, pounding his chest to finish clearing the liquid from his lungs.

"Is he not your type?" chimed in Bucky's other sister, Jackie. "He's kind of short and pretty, for an army guy."

"Steve's not pretty," Bess objected. "Sam's pretty."

"Sam's handsome," Rebecca overruled. "Bucky and Steve are pretty."

"We are trying to make sure," Jackie said, this time in a stage whisper, "That Bucky and Steve either marry people we like, or each other."

"Either way?" Sam asked, clearly amused. "What if I were Bucky's boyfriend, then?"

"You'd do," Rebecca said candidly. 

"We like you," Bess agreed.

"Pick a brother," Jackie nodded.

"Take us both," Bucky said as he came in. "Two for one, on sale. What are we talking about?"

Sam was choking on his drink again.

"Why are we doing this?" Steve clung to Sam.

"Because we're assholes," Sam kept him steady. "Because we're stupid assholes."

"You're bad at this," Bucky said as he swirled by, using his one arm to balance as he did a perfect tour jeté. "You guys are real bad at this."

Sam gave him the finger. Steve laughed so hard he nearly fell.

"Steve knows how to skate," Bucky told Natasha as she let him lead her in a double spiral.

"So does Sam," Natasha said. "Those skates fit perfectly, they’re well used, and they're not rental."

"When are they going to give up?"

"They're assholes," Natasha said.

"Steve." Sam's pupils were blown. "Steve, why didn't you label your cookies?"

"Oh God." Steve straightened at his drafting table. "Oh my God, Sam."

"Yesterday was Tuesday," Sam sat down hard on the chair across from Steve's desk. "So it's partially my fault for not realizing. How stoned am I about to be?"

"I don't know!" Steve put his pencil in the desk's groove. "I don't know, Sam. How many did you eat?"

"I think- maybe- four?" Sam bit his lip at Steve's wince. "I hecked up."

"Go sit on the couch." Steve pointed. "You hecked up bad."

 

Sam sat on the couch. He watched, glazed, as Steve brought him a big bottle of water and two carefully prepared fluffernutter sandwiches.

"I am so sorry," Steve said, wiping the sweat from Sam's brow with his fingertips. "I am so, so sorry."

"Call work," Sam said, blinking owlishly. "Tell them-"

"You're out for the rest of the week," Steve said, shaking his head. "I did, Sam. You told me ten minutes ago. Before-"

"Oh.” Sam was quiet, blinking. "I forgot. I was looking at your eyelashes."

Steve stopped where he was, brow furrowing. "My eyelashes?"

"Your eyelashes are ridiculous," Sam said, blinking again. "Why are they so long? Why do you have so many?"

Steve covered his mouth.

"Why are you laughing?"

"Sam? You are very, very high right now. I need you to stop being adorable."

"You stop being adorable," Sam retorted, folding his arms.

"Eat," Steve told him. "Eat your sandwiches. Drink your water. I'm going to put on a Disney movie."

"Are Disney movies good when you're high?" Sam asked.

"Absolutely." Steve kissed Sam’s temple. "Now, eat."

 

"I always hated Fantasia," Sam told Steve as he worked on his fourth sandwich. He said it low and careful, like he was afraid of being heard by the ghost of Walt Disney.

"I can't stand it if I'm not stoned," Steve said, licking marshmallow from his own thumb. "But it's so good like this."

Sam nodded, and then kept nodding, and then his eyes crossed.

"Okay," Steve said, taking note of the shift in Sam'