Jensen asked and Jared could see the glow of his laptop in the dark of the living room. Jared flipped the lights on, “I got takeout.”

Jensen clambered over the couch, “Yas bitch!”

Jared pulled his eyebrows together, “Why are you calling me-“

“You silly bitch Jay.” Jensen said affectionately, kissing Jared’s cheek, “Takeout?”

 

Jensen was really distracting. Jared was trying to work on a report that needed to be in tomorrow but Jensen was spread across Jared and the bed and taking up way to much space considering how small he was and how big Jared was.

“Jay-red.” He whined, stretching and somehow filling up even more space. He peeked at Jared’s laptop and wrinkled his nose.

“Love of my life.”

Jared ignored him.

“Who’s beauty rivals even Tyra Banks’s.”

Jared didn’t even bother to ask who Tyra Banks was.

“Okay, your beauty rivals Tom Hiddleston’s.”

Jared backspaced and rewrote his sentence because damn Jensen and his beautiful face.

“Fine, fine, your beauty surpasses even Benedict Cumberbatch’s.”

Jared figured these were Jensen’s celebrity crushes.

“You could be America’s Next Top Model, Jay.”

When Jared didn’t answer, Jensen made a noise like a creaking door and a dying eagle had a lovechild.

“Senpai! Notice me!”

Jared sighed and looked down and Jensen, “Jen, I really need to concentrate on this. Afterwards we can watch a movie, your pick. And what’s a ‘senpai’?”

“N’awww.” Jensen whined, “You’re my senpai. We’re watching Lord of the Rings though.”

Jared worried for Jensen’s sanity most days. Especially when Jensen sat in the living room with Jared, his legs draped over Jared’s lap, on his laptop. Jared wasn’t entirely sure what he was doing on his laptop but occasionally Jen would make comments like, “Stab wound? You mean extra pocket.” and “Occupation: the family disappointment.”

There was no real explanation that came with these comments. Jared wished that there was.

 

“Am I right ladies?” Jensen crowed when he hit Jared with a green shell. Jared frowned because as far as he knew, Jen and him were alone in the bedroom playing Mario Kart. Jensen had apparently deemed him worthy of a gaming partner and decided to “ease” Jared into the world of playing with Jensen.

By some stroke of luck, Jared made it to 1st place and Jensen was pissed.

Growling angrily, Jen smashed through three Question Marks, coming up with a Blue Shell. Now Jared hadn’t been playing for long but he knew what a Blue Shell did.

“Jen, baby, you love me really.” Jared whined, swerving across the snow.

Jen laughed evilly, okay, remind Jared to never ever play Mario Kart with his boyfriend again.

“Ha! Don’t use the Blue Shell!” Jensen mocked, “This is not Jensen Ackles’ best friend race, this is war!”

Jared gulped because Jen was supposed to be sweet and cute and this was a different side of Jensen that was kind of terrifying.

“I am going to slay you where you stand and bathe this snowy tundra red with your blood you mewling quim!”

Jared let Jensen win every single race after he saw the manic look in Jen’s eyes. It was terrifying.

 

Jared didn’t have much knowledge on what modern men, like Jensen, did. He did know that they went out to clubs because come on he’s not stupid. Jared and Jensen never went out and Jared was panicking. Was he a bad boyfriend for never taking Jensen out and instead lying next to him while Jensen ‘slayed’ at Sunset Overdrive (which looked colourful and complicated)? Was he not paying enough attention to Jensen?

“Jen? You wanna go out tonight?” Jared asked as Jen shrieked at his Xbox.

“Sure. What were you thinking?” He asked, pausing the game and throwing himself across Jared.

“You know that new place, I think it’s called True?”

Jen snuffled into Jared’s neck, “You wanna go clubbing?”

“Sure, I’ve never done it before and it sounds cool.”

“Okay.” Jen mumbled, “I’ll go get ready.”

 

Jensen was hot when he got dressed to go out. He was always hot, but especially now. His hair was carefully spiked up and he wore a dark green button down, tucked into black skinny jeans. He had black and maroon Vans on and he was busy buttoning up his Bridge jacket. 

Jared felt like a bit of an ugly duckling, wearing normal, blue jeans and a black V-neck with a blue shirt over, but Jensen smiled and told him that he looked “cute af”, so Jared counted that as a win. Even if he didn’t know what it meant.

Jared was not an idiot. He knew what happened in clubs, what constituted for ‘dancing’ and although he wasn’t over