hard now that they’re teething,” says Tsukki, under his breath, and Tadashi laughs, glad he wasn’t the only one with that train of thought. Tsukki’s expression softens just a little, which in turn makes something in Tadashi go liquid and gooey; there really is no way to prepare oneself for that.

“I’m fine,” Tsukki repeats, presumably for Suga’s benefit, but he doesn’t look away from Tadashi. “Really.”

“Okay, if you’re sure.” Suga still sounds sceptical, but not like he’s going to push it any further. “Lecturing  you on the importance of focus and thinking your actions through would be pretty silly, so I’ll just say to take care, yeah?”

“Thanks,” Tsukki says again, minus the previous snark; Suga could wring sincerity out of a rock if he tried.

“No problem,” he assures, smile a little weary, and leaves it at that. Suga walks past them to get to his stuff, and when Tsukki bends down to put on his shoes, Tadashi feels compelled to catch Suga’s arm.

“I’ll take care of him– it,” murmurs Tadashi, low and a little embarrassed in Suga’s ear, and Suga’s smile perks up.

“I know you will,” he replies, just as low, and the certainty in his voice makes Tadashi smile back.

          

---

 

“I’m home,” Tsukki says, tugging his front door shut and dropping his bag unceremoniously at his feet (he sets the chocolate bag down with more care, Tadashi notes with a twinge of fondness).

“Sorry for the intrusion,” Tadashi says as he drops his own bag. There’s a comforting familiarity to these actions, to their long-established routines. As per usual, they slip off their shoes, Tsukki nudging them into alignment with his socked foot. As per usual, Tadashi stoops down to neaten Tsukki’s neatening, and Tsukki huffs that  it’ll do,  Yamaguchi, and helps him up. And as per usual, the patter of Akiteru’s footsteps can be heard on the stairs before they’ve even left the entryway. Tsukki never announces their arrival loudly, but when Akiteru’s home, he always bounds over to greet them like a golden retriever regardless.

“Welcome home! Tadashi, it’s so good to see you!” He ruffles Tadashi's hair, and it makes him laugh just like it did when he was ten. “Have you grown? I feel like you’ve grown – you’re a better ruffling height now for sure.”

“For – hopefully – the last time, you’ve been gone for a month and a bit, nii-san, not ten years.” Tsukki raises an eyebrow at the no-doubt alarming way Tadashi's hair is sticking up. “And Yamaguchi's not a dog.”

“Nope!” Akiteru says brightly, unphased. “But he  is  fluffy!” Akiteru ruffles his hair again, but this time seemingly with the goal of flattening it down. “There.”

Tadashi beams. “It’s good to see you too. How were your exams?”

“Okay overall, I think. My brain didn’t melt out of my ears, anyway, and I’ll count that as a win.  Thank you  for asking.” Akiteru gives his brother a pointed look, and–  yep, Tsukki isn’t spared from the Ruffle Kerfuffle either.

“Hey, I asked you!” he insists, shooting Akiteru a murderous glare. He raises his arm as if to sort out the mess on his head, but apparently gives it up as a lost cause.

“’Did you remember to write your name on it this time?’ is not asking me how it went, Kei.”

“I mean, I’d say remembering to put your name on your paper so you don’t have to yank it out of an elderly invigilator’s hands is a good indicator of overall performance.”

Tadashi splutters. “Did you really have to do that?”

Akiteru rolls his eyes. “I didn’t  yank it. I calmly requested she hand it back so I could finish filling it in, and she did.  Anyway,” Akiteru continues loudly, when Tsukki opens his mouth to comment, “how are you, Tadashi? Anything cool happen since I last saw you?”

“Well, if you consider me getting a Valentine cool, then yes, something cool happened,” he says, his grin belying his casual tone.

“Definitely!” Akiteru exclaims. “Let me see, let me see!” Tadashi pulls the box out of his bag, pleased to see that none of the corners are crumpled. “Woah, now  that’s a Valentine! Do you mind if I..?” Akiteru asks, hands hovering eagerly over it.

“Go ahead.”

Tadashi holds it out, and Akiteru takes it ever so gently, opening the lid and tucking it underneath the box. “Wow, they’re so pretty! Did they taste good?”

“Really, really