, was very interesting," Rick replied whilst smiling, even adding a small wink to the end. And damn if that didn't almost make Daryl come in his pants.

"You know, I know a better way to enhance your viewing experience." Daryl flirted again.

"Oh yeah? How's that?" Rick retorted, his smile turning mischievous, causing Daryl to have to restrain himself from fucking Rick right over his counter.

"You need a viewing partner," Daryl replied in a low tone, knowing full well that Rick would be able to hear the lust laced within the sentence. He handed Rick over the DVD with a wink.

"Well, you know where I live." With that being said, Rick turned around and walked out the store leaving a very shocked and slightly hard Daryl behind.

 

***

 

It was around 9pm when Daryl had given up on the store and decided to close. He was tired and wanted to go home and go straight to bed. But his feet had different plans, he had walked the two blocks and found himself outside of 45 Cherry Tree. He wouldn't lie to himself and say he wasn't nervous. Hell, he was randomly turning up at a guys house he had only met a handful of times. But, Rick had all but invited him. To come and watch a DVD of two men fucking, which could only lead to Rick and Daryl also fucking.

It was too good an opportunity for Daryl to turn down. After all, he had been fantasising over Rick for a while now. It was time to see if he lived up to Daryl's pornographic expectations.

He knocked on the door and couldn't help but grin as Rick opened the door with a smug look on his face.

"What? You'd think I'd pass up on that kind of offer?" Daryl teased as he followed Rick inside. Rick lead Daryl down into his basement, sending Daryl into a quick blind panic before he realised that the basement was actually a home cinema.

Daryl looked around the room in amazement. He could see a HD projector hooked up to a DVD player, pointing at a blank white wall. In front was a very deep comfy looking couch.

"Wow, I guess you do know how to enhance your viewing experience," Daryl said in awe of the room causing Rick to laugh.

"Yeah, but now I can have the ultimate experience." Rick said, flicking the lights off and turning the projector on. Daryl sat himself down on the couch, making himself at home whilst Rick set the movie up.

Rick quickly placed himself at Daryl's side, taking his shoes off to tuck them under himself. Daryl watched then did the same, plus if things went down the way Daryl wanted them too, his boots were only going to get in the way.

Rick pressed play and before long the movie was in full swing, horrible music and three big muscular men all taking turns to suck each other off. Daryl couldn't help but keep looking over at Rick. He could see the man was pitching a full tent and wanted nothing more than to see what it looked like without the jeans.

As the movie continued Daryl had taken to palming his own erection for some relief, and being pleased to see Rick doing the same. One of the men on the screen was pounding into another like there was no tomorrow, causing the small basement room to be filled with the sounds of moans and skin slapping.

Daryl was about sure he was going to explode if he or Rick did not make a move soon. The images and noises on the screen mixed with watching Rick was sending him into overload.

Just as Daryl thought he could take no more he felt a hand cover his clothed erection. He looked over to see Rick still staring at the screen, but now palming Daryl instead of himself. And Daryl wasn't about to complain.  

The small squeezes of Rick's hand made Daryl groan low in his throat. God, how he had needed this, needed to feel Rick on him. He bucked his own hips up into Rick's hand, creating as much friction as he possibly could. Rick seemed to take notice of Daryl's frantic hip actions, making him look over the man he was currently making come undone by his own hand. Daryl was sat as far back into the couch as he could, head thrown back and legs wide apart. Rick took Daryl's state as an invitation to go further.

Rick hooked his legs around Daryl's waist, straddling where he was previously rubbing with his palm. Daryl moaned again at the new sensations, his body feeling electric as Rick ground his own hips down, then began to attack Daryl's exposed throat with licks and nips.

"God you taste good, I bet your cock tastes even better," Rick drawled into Daryl's ear, nipping the lobe before disappearing between Daryl's legs. Daryl forced his eyes open to see Rick kneeling between his legs, pulling his jeans down and completely off followed by his boxers. "Take your shirt off."