’t act scared of him at all, and then there was Nino and Alya, neither of which had acted afraid of each other. Giving Adrien a friendly jab to the ribs, Nino trilled, “Well I guess there’s only one way to find out…”

Now Adrien was starting to get annoyed. After all, there were more important things to worry about right now… and he knew that Nino meant well, but he couldn’t understand why Nino was trying to push the matter so far when it went against his principles. ‘I guess that’s it… he doesn’t understand my convictions. How to explain them without giving away that I’m devoted in my love for Ladybug as Cat Noir?’ “It’s like this, Nino… Even if, against all odds, Marinette DOES like me… It would be wrong of me to take advantage of that when I’m still ‘hung up’ on Ladybug.”

Not deterred, Nino argued, “But, if you don’t even give her a chance… I kinda thought you two had hit it off when you were practicing for that game tournament a few months back…” With an exasperated sigh, Adrien replied, “That’s just the thing… I admit that I have thought – Fleetingly! don’t give me that smug look, Nino – that she was attractive in various ways… but then I realized it was because, in those moments, she reminded me of Ladybug.” “Well there you have it; Marinette can help you get over Ladybug!” “Dude, why are you trying so hard? Would it really be fair to Marinette to treat her as... as a replacement? I don’t want to lose a good friend by doing something so selfish.”

Perhaps he’d taken it too far? Nino didn’t have any retort and was just regarding Adrien with an expression he couldn’t place. ‘Great… in my attempt to explain how I don’t want to lose another friend, will I now lose my best friend? Ugh, I really have no idea what I’m doing when it comes to friends…’

But instead of being angry or upset at Adrien’s rant, Nino finally smiled and shocked Adrien by pulling him into a one-armed ‘man-hug’. “You know what, Adrien? You’re a real gentleman, and I got mad respect for you sticking to your guns. Sorry I didn’t understand and pushed you so much. I won’t bring it up again.”

He would never complain about Plagg again. As annoying as the creature could be, he was at least another presence in his cold and empty room. Adrien flopped onto the couch face down and grumbled in frustration if for no other reason than to make a noise. He finally felt like he understood the phrase ‘silence is deafening’ now that the cat kwami was no longer present. “Ever the drama queen!” Adrien imagined Plagg would have said in response to his actions just now, and Adrien would’ve welcomed it, sass and all, if only to have some company again. ‘Guess I never realized how much I cared about the little guy. I also now understand that other phrase about not knowing what you have until it’s gone…’

Finding the continued silence unbearable, Adrien turned the TV on, flipping through channels to see if there was anything interesting. A news headline caught his eye, announcing the return of Bitter Truth, who was now terrorizing people at the Pont Des Arts bridge. “Oh come on, that’s barely honoring our agreement! I had in mind at least one night or something!” he shouted angrily at the TV as if Bitter Truth could hear him. He glanced out the window, noting that the sun was beginning to set. If Bitter Truth utilized his miraculous, Ladybug would be at a disadvantage in the dark. This villain sure knew how to play dirty.

Before he’d really thought it through, Adrien found himself hoisting himself up to his usual escape window, feeling a touch dizzy as he truly noticed for the first time just how high up he was. This was going to be interesting without his Cat Noir powers. But his determination knew no bounds, as there was nothing that was going to stop him from trying to help his lady any way he could – even if it meant going as his civilian self… scaling down the side of the building without claws… and possibly mis-stepping and plummeting to his death from the fourth floor… yeah... An idea suddenly occurring to him, he turned back and retrieved a red charm bracelet – the one that Marinette gave him - from the coffee table. “A little extra luck wouldn’t hurt.” He remarked with a small smile, pocketing the trinket and returning to the window, confidence renewed.

“Didn’t wait long, did you, Bitter Truth?” Ladybug greeted as she landed to confront the villain, retracting her yo-yo. “Ah, Ladybug. So happy you could join. How’s your precious little kitty faring?