was ecstatic that she said yes and was already planning their future together. They would live in a house in the country surrounded by fields so that had lots of room for the children to play in; so far Hugo, Rose and Molly II; Ron would be the police officer of the local area and Hermione would be a housewife. She wasn’t happy with that last detail. She slaved for her degree and wanted to use it unlike some people she could mention. She also didn’t know if she wanted children let alone three! Also she was more of a city person. She wondered if Ron knew her at all or if he just deluded himself in thinking he loved her when he didn’t. 

She had to get out of this. She knew it would create a storm and the Weasley’s would probably hate her for life but she couldn’t do it. She couldn’t marry a man she didn’t love. But how? She couldn’t just leave him at the altar, that wasn’t her. Draco may have made her a rebel in her school days but she had mellowed out somewhat in university. She wanted to do the right thing but she didn’t know what it was. 

She settled for telling him one day after work. She explained that they simply wanted different things. He took it badly as was expected but she never expected him to lash out at her. He had never struck her as a violent man. Maybe it was just the emotional overload of realising he’d been strung along for the past three years. But she realised that she was lucky to get out while she could. As she moved in with him she had nowhere else to go and her parents had moved to Australia for an early retirement. She had no siblings to turn to or close friends that weren’t also Ron’s friends, one name sprang to mind but she didn’t know where he was. Not to mention they hadn’t seen each other in just over 5 years.

She found herself in an inn that night and heard her song come over the loud speakers. It had stopped being their song a couple years before. She still related to it and wondered if he did too. It was loud in the bar area full of drunk people but she still knew the words well enough that she could follow along without too much difficulty.  

 


 It’s better to burn than to fade away 
 It’d better to leave than be replaced 
 I’m losing to you, baby I’m no match 
 I’m going numb, I’ve been hijacked 
 It’s a fucking drag 


 

That’s what her relationship with Ron was. In the beginning it was a fire, practically an inferno but after the initial rush it faded until they were trying desperately to fan the embers and make the fire again. And it was true. She could see it. If she married Ron she would have been a housewife completely unsatisfied with her life. Becoming bitter and not giving him want he wanted and being too proud to get a divorce he would start seeing other women behind her back. She would find out of course but not let him know that she knew. She would bide her time until she could get sweet revenge. She didn’t want to turn into one of those women. Again another statistic she didn’t want. Though she supposed she was one now.  Women who run out on their fiancée a couple months before the wedding.  At least it wasn’t on her wedding day. 

She really wasn’t a good match for him or him for her. Why didn’t she call it off in university when she first had doubts?  Why?! The question she could never answer. 

She called the bartender over for a glass of the strongest stuff he had, she didn’t care what it was she just drank it. It burned her throat on the way down but “Here’s to broken hearts and becoming numb.” She called out to no-one in particular. A few of the patrons answered her with similar sayings. 

Why were all her relationships dragged through the dirt? 

 


 I taste you on my lips and I can’t get rid of you, 
 So I say damn your kiss and the awful things you do 
 Yeah you’re worse than nicotine, nicotine 
 Yeah you’re worse than nicotine, nicotine 
 Yeah 


 

She missed his kisses though. They were sweet and soft, like he didn’t want to hurt her. Draco was rough and meant business. She liked both and couldn’t decide which she liked better. Maybe a mixture. But then again she didn’t believe in chaste kisses. If you liked someone you let them know and tell them you mean business by letting them know what they were getting into. 

She did miss the sweet times with him. He was ever the gentleman and always doing his best to please her but he did some pretty bad things too. Accusing her of cheating, more than once actually. The little jabs about her weight and her hair. She couldn’t