salad that Harry had made (again, from his HandyHousewives magazine), Louis had enough. He reached over the table and lightly nudged Harry's knuckles with his own. Harry's head snapped up as Louis began to rub circles into his boyfriends thin wrists. Harry leaned forward, probably to kiss Louis, and accidentally knocked his plate to the table, spraying colourful food all over the stone tile floor that Louis had insisted on buying. 

His cheeks blushed a bright red as he stared bashfully at the mess that he had made. "Oops," he covered his eyes with his freakishly large hands. 

"Hi," Louis chuckled as he reached over and pried Harry's hands away his face. "Don't hide that pretty face, love." Those words made Harry blush even and at this point he was probably more tomato than human.  

As Harry got a little broom and started to clean up the broken plate and the bits of food, Louis saw the opportunity to confront his boyfriend. 

"So, what's been going on with you today?" Louis started as he scratched his overgrown facial hair. "You're hiding something, I can tell."

Harry looked up at Louis from under his eyelashes and bit his lower lip, unsure whether or not to bring this up. 

"Just spit it out, babycakes," Louis tried to butter Harry up by using his favourite pet name. 

At the sound of Louis's voice calling him babycakes, Harry's face beamed from underneath his huge curls. "Erm, well, you know how Gemma and Ashton are like... like, you know? Well, I just don't really, uh, know if they're good? I mean like I don't know if they're good together? Well, she's good, but I don't know if he's good for her?" Louis sat back patiently and let his little boyfriend let it all out. Harry let out a deep breath at the end of his little speech, and relaxed as all the tension left his shoulders. 

"So, do you want me to talk to Ashton one on one and make sure he doesn't mess with your sister?" Louis asked Harry. 

Harry jumped up from the floor, which he was now polishing for some reason, and ran up to Louis, jumping in his lap like the overgrown child that he was. His eyes sparkled as he smacked a kiss on his boyfriend's cheek. "Oh Lou, you would do that? Thank you so much, I mean, I would but I just--"

Louis cut off Harry with a short but passionate kiss. "It's no problem, love, I'll deal with it." 

True to his promise, after dinner Louis texted Ashton and invited him to come over for a chat. 

While waiting for Ashton to come over, Louis practiced his speech that he was going to deliver. Gemma was practically family to Lou, so he was also concerned for her wellbeing and safety. She was so much like Harry, the way that they both assumed the best in people and usually trusted almost anyone. Louis protected Harry in every way that he could, and Gemma deserved someone who would do the same. 

When the doorbell rang, Harry was very nervous. Should he offer Ashton tea? Or beer? Or a snack? Or he could give him some dinner? Louis actually laughed out loud earlier when Harry had started to prepare a snack platter. Harry was sitting patiently in the den, rearranging a tray of crackers and grapes and cookies and other little snacks he had found laying around the fridge. He could hear Louis answering the door and wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans. 

Luckily, Ashton didn't seem too weirded out by the situation. "Oh, hey, Harry," he had said casually when he saw Harry sitting on the couch. Harry waved awkwardly and motioned for Ashton to sit down in the arm chair across from him. Louis joined Harry on the couch and have his knee a reassuring squeeze before leaning back into the couch with his arms crossed. 

"Anyways, Ashton," Louis began after taking a gulp of the beer that Harry had deligently set out. "You and Gemma, huh?" 

Ashton cleared his throat before responding, "Uh, yeah, I was hoping to make things official with her." If his fidgeting and constant crossing and uncrossing of his legs was any hint, Louis was already starting to make him nervous. 

"Nice, nice," Louis nodded his head as he stared down the other boy. "So, are you a virgin? Or do you like to sleep around?" 

Harry promptly spat out his juice all over himself and almost started choking at the straightforwardness of the conversation. Louis, patiently patted his back firmly as he waited for Ashton's reply. 

"Uh.... no?" Ashton replied nervously as he fiddled with his bandana. "I mean, I don't sleep around or anything, but I'm not a virgin."

"Interesting," Louis said, his eyes never leaving Ashton's face. "Well, Ashton