a little mascara and some lip gloss. He didn’t have any acne so he didn’t think he needed any face makeup.

When he was done in the bathroom he turned out both the bathroom light and his bedroom light and made his way down the hall to Kay’s bedroom to retrieve his second born. He leaned against the doorframe and looked at Kay with a soft smile on his face. Kay was talking to his stuffed animals that were sitting on his bed, he got sad and felt bad if even one was left out. He softly knocked on the door frame and made his way inside. Kay turned and smiled at him, Louis noticed he put on a pair of black toms, matching Louis.

"Mummy look!” Kay said, as he showed Louis his shoes.

“I know, love!” Louis told him, matching his enthusiasm. He allowed Kay to pick out a stuffie for him to bring and then put him on his hip and made his way down the stairs, to the kitchen, passing the living and sitting rooms. When he made it to the kitchen he sat Kay on the counter, gave him some grapes to keep him occupied and grabbed the list off the fridge and checked the fridge and pantry one more time before he left. When he was sure he had everything, he went and picked Kay up once more, Kay was the baby and loved being carried everywhere. Especially when he figured out that he could get Harry to carry him anywhere with just a pout of his lips.

Louis grabbed his bag, it was off the shoulder and had spare pull ups and snacks for Kay. As well as his wallet and gum. He made his way to the backdoor to say goodbye to Harry and Ed. He walked down the little path that was surrounded with colorful flowers that himself and his boys planted one afternoon when Ed deemed the path, “too gloomy”. He walked over to his husband and first born and stood next to them until one of them noticed him. Ed looked up from where he was watching Harry fix something underneath the hood. He hopped down from his little step stool and hugged his mummy around the middle. Even though Ed was only seven he was already up to Louis chest in height, it didn’t help Louis was five foot two but you could tell Ed inherited Harrys height. Louis leaned down and kissed his forehead and wrapped his free arm around him in a one armed hug.

"Are you going to the store?” Ed asked, eyeing the list in Louis hand. Harry finally looked up after hearing Ed say something. He walked over to them and pressed a kiss to Louis temple and grabbed Kay from his arms. Louis nodded at Ed and asked him if he wanted anything specific. Ed was still hugging Louis but now he could wrap both his arms around his first born. He loved giving hugs. He looked over at Harry, who was softly talking and whispering to Kayden.

"Be careful,” Louis advised after seeing Harrys dirty shirt, “he looks cute and is clean.” He said, exaggerating clean. Harry looked at him before smirking and throwing Kay into the air. Louis could feel his heart pounding, Harry did this often but it still scared the life out of him, he just cared too much for his babies. Harry looked over and brought a still giggling Kay into his chest.

"I’ve got him, I won’t drop my pretty princess,” Harry said whilst smirking at Louis, “the cutest little princess I know.” He brought Kay to eye level and started kissing all over his sweet, little cheeks. Kay was continuously giggling and Louis rolled his eyes, he leaned down and kissed Ed’s head before letting go and walking to Harry.

"If you’ll excuse us,” he said, taking Kay out of Harry’s arms and sitting him on his hip, making Harry pout, “me and my pretty baby have some shopping to do.”

"Bye, baby.” Harry gave him a peck on his lips and kissed Kay on his cherub cheeks. “Drive safe lovely.”

Louis nodded and waved goodbye, promising he would. He walked through the house to the garage where he then got Kay and himself buckled into his White Jeep – omg, not a rover? – and started his 45-minute trek to the local Whole Foods. Kay was singing the whole way while Louis was cooing at him. He loved it when his babies sang to him.

When they arrived at Whole Food Louis grabbed his bag and Kay before walking inside and grabbing a shopping cart. He put Kay in the little front seat and started to get the groceries that they needed. He got the necessities while Kay was being his usual quiet self in the front of the cart. It started to get a little hectic halfway through because Kay was tired of sitting and wanted to be with Harry. Louis tried to speed up the shopping a little before Kay would have a meltdown. They didn’t happen often, only when he was sleepy or wanted Harry. It was usually only Harry who could calm him do after having a meltdown