something.

"Sam, this Bucky. He's shy and he works with the others too or by himself on the field and he's not much of a talker." The Sam guy had smiled at him and he said hi but Bucky didn't say anything back and had glared at Sam. He was starting to get jealous because Steve was making all these new friends and Bucky isn't mad about him making new friends but at the same time he is. The reason he isn't mad about Steve making new friends is because Steve never had friends aside from him back in school and he was glad that some people had liked Steve enough to want to be his friend and the reason he's mad about Steve making new friends is that he feels like he's going to be replaced by the others or any other new friend that Steve makes and he knows that he shouldn't think like that but he can't help it. He knows he can't keep Steve to himself (he can but that would be against Steve's will and he wouldn't do that), and that he has to share him with other people. It seems like the others get to hang out with Steve more than he does be because he does most of his missions by himself and he sometimes has to go out the country or state and the others missions are usually within the state. Steve will probably think that Bucky is boring to be around or would stop talking to him because he's never around to be with him and Steve has the right to feel like that.

"Bucky?" Bucky was so lost in thought that he didn't know that Steve had called him about 3 times. He blinked a couple of times before responding back.

"What happened?"

"Me and Sam were going to -" Again, the Sam guy. Why is he here anyway? It was supposed to be a that consisted of only Bucky and Steve but nooooooo, Sam just had to come over and ruin everything that was supposed to happen today. He didn't want to be in the same area as Sam because he really wants to beat the shit out of him and Steve wouldn't be happy if he did that in his house in front of his.

"I'm going to your room." He didn't say anything else as he got up from the chair and pushed in it like how it was before he sat in it because his ma had always told him to push in his chairs after he's done sitting in them and he didn't look back when he walked up the stairs to Steve's room. Too bad he didn't see Steve's sad face before he went up.

Steve and Bucky talk.

Bucky honestly felt bad about walking out on Steve because why would you walk out (he technically didn't walk out because he never left the house but you know what he's saying.) on your friend, your only  friend at that, who let you invite yourself to their house and did nothing wrong? But Bucky was so angry at the fact that Sam had to be here when it was only supposed to be him and Steve hanging out together since they haven't done that without everyone else around them so Bucky was being irrational and he knows it but he doesn't care that much right now. He started to cry. This petty jealousy is getting to him and he shouldn't let it get to himself because it's petty! He wants to talk to Steve about his feelings right now so he doesn't think that Bucky is just acting out for a reason and doesn't talk to him again but Sam is down there and he doesn't know (he does) what he'll do if he went down there and went all drake mode and the guy ends up saying something smart or funny, so he'll just stay up here for a while and cool his head.

:(

Steve couldn't understand why Bucky was acting like this, was it something he said? Or was it something he did? He had been staring at the top of the stairs, hoping that Bucky would come down and talk to him at least but he knows how Bucky gets when he's having some type of hissy fit going on, so he's not going to come back down anytime soon as spend some time with them. Matter of fact, Bucky was totally fine or at least he did, when Steve had hugged him and greeted him at the door but when he left and came back from the kitchen, he saw Bucky's facial expression when he saw Sam sitting on the couch and then he looked like he got angrier when Steve had walked over to Sam and introduced him to Bucky. Maybe Sam and Bucky had already knew each other and didn't like each other? But when Sam had unexpectedly showed up and Steve had told him that Bucky was coming over, he didn't show any dislike towards him and he was kind of excited to get to know Bucky so that wouldn't be