"You are the heirs to the Winchester Gospels. In a way, there is something inevitable about this."

"Doesn't solve the problem, though," Claire says. "We need to put Heaven back."

"I'm afraid I do not know how. Neither does anyone else," Castiel says.

"That's not good enough."

Ben settles a hand on Claire's back, soothing her.

"I know," Castiel replies. But Claire remains unimpressed.

.

Claire and Ben return to their motel room with a sense of despondency. They know far more than they did, but are no closer to figuring it all out.

Ben drops the duffle bag in the corner of the room before grabbing some salt to line the entrances. They don't often bother, but they can't take the chance that Castiel was being watched.

He sits beside Claire on the bed. "Are you okay?" She was silent the entire way back in the car. He can't blame her, but that doesn't mean he's not worried.

"I just don't know what we're going to do," she says. Her bright blue eyes are wet; she's sick of being put together.

Ben sweeps her hair out her face, tucking golden strands behind her ear. "We'll figure it out. Together."

Claire lifts her face, then kisses him. It takes Ben a moment to realise what is happening, even though it has been forever since they were building to this. He kisses her back, softly at first, sliding his hand into her hair. But then Claire gasps, allowing Ben to slip his tongue into her mouth.

She grips the front of his shirt, pulling him close enough for her to slide her leg over so she's straddling him. His hands drop to her hips, holding her tight. The truth is, he doesn't really know what he's doing. Just that Claire feels good against him.

She breaks the kiss. Ben looks up to blazing blue eyes, golden hair falling around him. It's always difficult to tell what Claire's thinking, and now is hardly any different. He's worried that, if he says something, he'll break the spell.

Her hands slide over his chest, to the buttons on his shirt, and Ben focuses instead on the way her sweater has slid up and revealed a slip of skin, in the curve of her jaw as he kisses her pulse point. He takes his hands off her to allow Claire to pull his shirt down his shoulders, then pushes her sweater and camisole over her head.

She kisses him hard then, hands placed on his jaw. She nips her teeth on his bottom lip as he fumbles with the clasp of her bra unsuccessfully. "Help," he mutters between kisses. Claire laughs. She tugs at the bottom of his undershirt, and Ben takes the hint.

Claire is beautiful, lying on the bed as Ben undoes her jeans and slides them off her. Ben knows this; he's always known it. It's just shockingly clear when she's laid before him.

How to tell her that is more difficult than he thinks it will be. Clumsy is the best way to describe what he manages, but such things are usual. He loves her; loves the way she moves beneath him, the way she gasps with shorter and shorter breaths between kisses.

Maybe it's romanticism in the afterglow, but the spark of grace that rests in Claire seems to be alight, dancing in her veins until she herself is glowing. And that makes Ben a little smug.

But really, he's happy enough with Claire in his arms. They'll find some way to fix all this. For now, the best thing they can do is sleep.

.

Ben wakes up in the middle of the night. He leaves Claire in the bed, not wanting to disturb her; she sleeps soundly on, not even stirring as he moves, grabs his phone from his bag and slips out the motel room.

It's a clear night. The stars are out and shining. It's peaceful - there are no cars passing on the highway next to the motel, no one in the parking lot. It's a rare night where everyone has decided to be quiet. Ben flicks through the photos on his phone, pausing on a group picture of him, Claire, and their mothers. It's been a month since they last spoke.

Ben wonders whether to call. One of them would pick up, even at this time of night, but Ben has nothing to tell them that wouldn't be a burden.

"Hey."

Jesse's voice breaks the silence. He's leaning against their car, a subdued look on his face.

"What do you want, Jesse?" Ben asks. He wasn't really expecting Jesse to come back. He definitely wasn't expecting Jesse to be back this soon.

"You were right," Jesse says. "