any room. I don’t need anything. You picked the wrong guy, I don’t have any money.”

That’s when Enjolras understood that he was being mistaken by the boy. But right now, he really didn’t care; he just wanted to be sure that the man will be safe tonight. He had to. After a few minutes of convincing, the dark-haired man finally agreed to follow him. They found a hotel not far away, where a shady looking man gave them a key to a room.

Once they entered the room, the silence stiffed between them, neither really knowing what to say.

“Well, now, I think I should go… you’ll be alright?” Enjolras asked as he made a move to leave the room.

“Grantaire.” The boy replied.

“I’m sorry?”

“My name. Grantaire. My name’s Grantaire. I’m sorry, it’s just... I never told you my name. So yeah. Grantaire. Hi. And…thanks for…all of this, I guess.”

Enjolras just smiled. “Well, Grantaire, it was a pleasure meeting you. I’m Enjolras.” He extended a hand to shake, but Grantaire just stared at it, then, shyly, he asked “could you please like… stay here tonight? I don’t really trust myself but… no forget it, it’s stupid, I’m sure you have somewhere else to go, a home to come back to, or something”

A shadow passed on Enjolras’ eyes. “Don’t worry, it’s okay. I really have nowhere to go.”

None of them really knew how, but somehow they ended up kissing fiercely, lips crushing, hands wondering as they fall into the bed…

oOo

Enjolras was the first to wake up, and took a double-take at the sight of a naked dark-haired man on the bed next to him, before remembering the events of the night before. It was something unusual for this; he never had sex with a stranger before, and he certainly did not have any feelings for this guy. It was too soon, way too soon. He silently grabbed all of his clothes and was about to open the door when Grantaire stirred.

“What is… Enjolras?”  Enjolras sighed “Good morning, Grantaire. I’m sorry, I didn’t want to wake you up.”

“S’okay… where are you going?” Grantaire looked so insecure that Enjolras didn’t have the heart to tell him that he had planned to leave without a word.

“Nowhere, don’t worry, I just…have to go somewhere. How about you get dressed and I’ll see you at midday in front of the Casino? I’ll give you everything so that you can go back home there.”

Grantaire nodded sleepily and Enjolras left, knowing that he will eventually fulfill his promise and meet the man again in a few hours.

And that how the two of them find themselves in a little restaurant on the coast, Enjolras having decided to pay Grantaire a lunch before saying his goodbye. There, Grantaire explained everything, how he came from money, but lost all his fortune when he discovered the joy of casinos a few months ago, leading him to steal some of his family’s jewels and cut back from all contacts to his father and his sister, who didn’t approve of his “innocent way of spending time” and refused to lend him money. So really, he has literally nothing and if Enjolras hadn’t been here yesterday, God only knows what would have happened to him. And when Grantaire asked him what had brought Enjolras here, the older man just replied vaguely, saying that he wanted some fresh air. No need of darkening the mood by talking of Combeferre, he thought.

After lunch, Grantaire innocently proposed a little walk through the city, and Enjolras agreed, not wanting to say goodbye either, but not willing to admit it to himself. They talked about Grantaire’s future, and his new-found protector made him swear to cut back from casinos, and to start a new life when he’ll be back in Nice. He also told him not to worry, that Enjolras will give him money for the train. But, at the end of the afternoon, when Enjolras handed the money to Grantaire, saying goodbye before going back to his hotel while Grantaire took the way of the train station, he couldn’t  help but feeling a tightness in his heart.

oOo

All the way back to his hotel, Enjolras was lost in his thoughts; thinking about Combeferre, thinking about his friends, for the first time in months, and thinking about Grantaire. Grantaire who, just after a few hours knowing him, had succeeded in invading Enjolras’ mind, with his dark curls, his blue eyes and his innocence due to his young age. Grantaire, who somehow managed to creep under his skin  so quickly. Grantaire, whose train will leave in a few minutes. Enjolras stopped