kissed him quiet and told him to go back out there and put on a show for him. Sasuke had sat down on one the benches and enjoyed a good book or two that he had just bought from the bookstore that was nearby.

But even after a tiring day the blonde was bouncing with energy. He tapped his foot as his headphones blared in his ears. He was listening to his favorite band and consequently it was Sasuke’s as well, AFI. The entire time Naruto tapped his foot and banged his fingertips against his skateboard that sat between his legs. His leather clad hands made no nose, so no one minded. But in Sasuke’s eyes his blonde looked so peaceful. Naruto was a complex creature and he was always thinking about something. But obviously the day had taken its toll and he was happy if only for the moment. With that thought Sasuke simply looked off into his own world, letting random thoughts take him off into another world.

“May I?”

Sasuke looked up and noticed and woman holding a camera. She had a blush on her cheeks as she addressed them. “I’m sorry, it’s just the two of you look so…at peace and happy. I was wondering if I could take a picture for you.”

Sasuke smirked and reached over snatching his lover’s headphones off they dangled around his neck for a moment as he looked up in shock. At first he looked angry then he spied the woman with the camera and he smirked. Sasuke wrapped an arm around his lover while the blonde held up two fingers in his familiar signature fashion. A flash blinded their vision for a moment before the woman smirked and let the picture fall out of her Polaroid camera.

She sighed at it and handed over to Sasuke who smirked and reached into his wallet to pay her. She simply shook her head and walked away saying something about it being a gift.

“That was nice of her.” Naruto took the picture from Sasuke’s hands and peered at it. “You should keep it.”He handed it back wanting him to at least have one memento of him in the raven’s apartment. Naruto had been known to be a bit of a picture hoarder.

Sasuke smiled and took the picture. “I’ll get it copied for you and we can both have one.” He figured Naruto would want the picture. They already had loads of them around the house of them doing random little things. It was a log, in a way, of their relationship. And Sasuke was sure Naruto would love to keep this one.

Naruto smirked and looked up at his lover. Leaning forward he caught the other’s lips as a thank you before going back to listening to his music.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Sasuke sighed as he touched the picture again. This time his fingers traced his lover‟s features as a tear slid down his cheek. It was after their little excursion that Naruto had finally mentioned what had been bothering him earlier that day:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------“You never say it!” Naruto threw his skateboard to the floor and walked off into his apartment.Sasuke sighed. “I’m not following what you really want me to do here.” Rubbing his temples Sasuke sat down on Naruto’s couch.

“I want you to tell me how much I mean to you. For Once!” Naruto stomped past Sasuke to the kitchen.

“I do tell you.” Sasuke knew what Naruto meant but he wasn’t willing to admit it. He didn’t know what his problem was but he just couldn’t get it past his lips.

“No…” Naruto walked back out into the living room and put his hands on his hips. His orange sunglasses were still on but his clothes were ruffled from his stiff, angry movements. “You want to know what you say…you like me…you enjoy having me around…that’s it! Don’t you think I deserve a little more than that.” Naruto narrowed his eyes as Sasuke said nothing. He simply twiddled his thumbs and looked out the window. “That’s what I’m talking about. It’s okay when we are in bed together. You tell me you adore everything about me. That’s the only time I get anything close to what I really want to hear…but lord forbid it be when we are just sitting somewhere enjoying the day…you can’t say it then. I have to force it out of you!” When he didn’t get a response Naruto stomped off to the kitchen again.

Sasuke sighed. “I don’t mean to.”

Naruto snorted in the kitchen. “Yeah, I get it. After everything we have gone through you can’t even tell me you love me.” Walking back into the livingroom again Naruto stared his lover down. “You mean to do it, if you really wanted to say it you would have.” Finally Naruto felt his anger get the upper hand. “I can’t do this if I don’t know how you feel Sasuke.”

At that Sasuke’s eyes snapped up to his lover.