his lips tentatively across the tips of her hair. The tang of metal and ash still clings to her, but beneath that — breathing deeper still — he recognizes salt and clementine: Rose. It makes his blood sing in a way he’d never thought possible again. Never say never-ever.

Her mouth is dry as she drinks in his face, realising it’s the first time she has properly looked at him since -

Although she’s thought of this face a million times over, she had forgotten its exact pattern of freckles until this very moment - a constellation sprayed against the pale backdrop of his nose and cheeks. The pang of familiarity makes her ache, but she doesn’t look away. She notices that the lines around his eyes and mouth are deeper than they once were. He looks so serious, staring back at her with such intense empathy that it makes her want to simultaneously hug and slap him. She might do both yet, she thinks with a snort.

“What?”

She shakes her head, evading his question. Clamps the back of her hand against her mouth to stop the sound threatening to rise, like a bubble, from her throat. When he quirks his eyebrow at her, in the way only he can, the bubble bursts. The absurdity of it - of that eyebrow in this universe - sends her into a fit of giggles. She thinks she hasn’t “giggled” in years.

It opens a floodgate in her. The more Rose tries to reign herself in, the less she is able to stop. Knees drawn up to her chest now and tears streaming from the corners of her eyes, she teeters precariously on the edge between hysterical laughter and sobbing. He wears a wry, patient smile as he reaches to encircle her wrist with his thumb and index finger. When the pad of his thumb finds and gently strokes her pulse, she stills. She sucks in an audibly shaky breath and bites down on her chapped bottom lip to mask the quiver lurking there.

“You’re gone.” Not a question.

Letting go of her wrist, he nods solemnly. “I am.”

Under cool cotton, he can feel the heat rising off her body. For the first time, so can she, from his. It makes her want to lean into him. She’s been chilled to the bone for years.

“But you’re here.”

“I am.” He reaches across the void to take her hand. She lets him. Warm and solid, their fingers slide home, fitting as ever. She doesn’t have to look down to know her knuckles are white against his pink skin.

“I feel so, so -” she is at a loss for words, speaking more to herself than to him as she scoots closer to rest her head on his shoulder. As he rolls to his back to let her in, she wishes he could pass some of his newness to her through osmosis, or something. She feels so much older than her 24 years. So old, and so completely wrung out.

“Angry?” He knows she’d be justified.

“Empty.” Ah.

“Yeah,” he says into her hairline, resting his lips against the widow’s peak he knows she likes to pretend she doesn’t have.

“Are you?” She asks quietly.

“What, empty?”

“Angry.”

He rolls his eyes upwards, to the ceiling he’s made them. “Are you worried I’m 'full of blood and revenge?’” His voice is low but there's an edge to it. A shadow crosses over his features, but only for a second. He releases an exaggerated exhale and like quicksilver, shifts gears to make light of it instead. “Well, I think that furnace is only lit every other day …”

She cannot believe he’s quoting Willy flipping Wonka to her right now. “You’re ridiculous,” she tells him, dipping to poke the tip of her nose into his sternum, hiding herself there. The memory of his disturbingly spot-on Veruca Salt impression rises from the depths of her brain to draw her out, or maybe just to distract her. Master Distractor, Rose thinks as she chews her bottom lip and brushes her nose against the bluest wool.

He hums noncommittally and brings their knotted fingers to rest against his chest. The thump of his single heart, steady and strong against her cheek, emboldens her to continue. “I wasn’t kidding, though. What I meant was … ”

… the TARDIS, the whole of Time and Space, freedom, choice ... all of it dangling in the space between them, like ether. Like lead.

“Rose, I know what you meant,” he sighs into her hair. He’s not ready to talk about that - not yet. Maybe not ever.

Still, he’s no fool. He looks at her for a long moment, taking in the features of the woman who was once his girl. How different and how very much the same she is. Knows he is the lucky one.