basket of dirty linens outside the Poison Lady's lab in order to mop up the blood spots on the floor. A six-legged hitch-hiker scuttled out of the linen basket and into the lab. The tiny blood-sucker crawled around unnoticed while the Poison Lady toiled over her invention. When the great researcher's back was turned, the insect fell directly into the Let's-unzip-your-genes-kun.

The great Poison Lady continued with her science project blissfully unaware that something was about to go horrendously wrong. Because even the greatest, most brilliant, most incredibly intelligent of scientists can sometimes make a fatal mistake…



.




Later that night…


Dorcas was awakened from a pleasant dream when he felt his mattress move underneath him. He sat up with a start. Had it been a dream? No, another lump moved under the mattress and Dorcas gulped in fear. If he had any hair at all, it would have been standing on end.

"Maybe it's a rat," he said to the empty room. "Please be a rat."

Dorcas trembled as he peered down under the mattress. His breath caught in his throat as he saw a pair of glowing eyes staring back at him.

"Ah, ah NOOOOO!" Dorcas screamed as he flailed his arms and fell off the bed. The glowing eyes slowly came closer. Moonlight glinted off numerous legs and a single sword. Dorcas tried to back away, to get up and run, but it was too late. A rushing and growling sound was heard. Then the slash of a sword. "Argh! Why do these things always happen to me?" Dorcas cried as he passed out from pain and fright.



.



The skilled castle healer Gisela examined Dorcas' body. "These stab wounds were made by mutant bed bugs," she said solemnly.

"Bed bugs?" Lord Grumpy Gwendal asked with a frown. "How could bedbugs cause those large stab wounds?"

"Well you see, male bedbugs have very distinctive swords. Normally they don't get this big, that's why they must be mutants. But what confirms my diagnosis is that Dorcas' wounds contain-"

Wolfram's face turned red as he closed the book. "That's enough for tonight," he said.

"But I want to hear the ending," Greta said with a pout.

"And then a mysterious, but incredibly good-looking fire demon appeared, and burned all the bedbugs to a crisp, instantly solving the problem. The end. Now go to bed."

"You made that up!"

"I improved the ending since the book was getting too long," Wolfram said.

"I want to hear the real ending."

"No you don't."

"Papa Wolfram…" A single tear escaped Greta's eyes and glistened on her cheek.

"Greta…" Wolfram said. "Ok, fine." Wolfram had a soft spot a mile wide when it came to Greta.

Upon hearing the diagnosis, the brave Poison Lady wasted no time. "We must test the fluid left in Dorcas' wounds, and find out what kind of mutants these are."

The Poison Lady gasped as she saw the test results. "No, it can't be," she whispered.

But unfortunately it was true. The oversized cimbicid had some of Weller's genes, which meant that the monster must have originated in the Poison Lady's lab.



.



"Lord Weller!" Anissina called, "I have some important information for you."

"Can't you see we're in the middle of a fight?" Lord Grumpy Gwendal von Voltaire asked with a grumpy twitch of his eyebrow.

"But that's what this is about!" The Poison Lady yelled back. "Lord Weller, you can't defeat the mutant bed bugs with a sword."

"What?" Conrad asked as he plunged his sword into one of the beasts. The bed bug split in half, but instead of dying, it regenerated, and then Conrad was faced with two very angry mutant bed bugs. "What's going on?" he asked as he fought the two sword-wielding monstrosities.

"You can't defeat them…because you're their father."

"What?" Conrad gasped as he dropped his sword with a clatter. "How is that even possible?"

"Anissina, what is the meaning of this?" Lord Grumpy Gwendal demanded.

"Well, you're not literally their father, but when I ran tests on the mutant bed bug, at least half its genes were identical to Conrad's"

They stared at her. The mutant bed bug-ninjas took the opportunity to chop off both of Conrad's arms. Then in true bed bug fashion, they-

"They what, Papa Wolfram?" Greta asked.

"They quickly ran away," Wolfram said.

Greta folded her arms and gave him a suspicious look.

Fortunately Yozak was there to help Conrad away from the bed bugs.

Yozak was such a good spy that no-one ever knew he was there – even when he was right in front of them wearing a lacy