that all Jared’s magic did was let them know that they were perfect for each other, but it was hard when he could hear his mom’s voice in his head, hissing that magic wasn’t to be trusted, that witches weren’t to be trusted, that he’d been bewitched.

Still, with Jared sitting opposite him, stuffing his face with chicken tortilla and telling him earnestly between bites that even though he loved Mexican food, he always avoided refried beans because they made him gassy, well, Jensen couldn’t really picture him as a disciple of the devil.  Especially not when he had lettuce caught between his front teeth.

“Jared? You’ve got a little something caught,” Jensen tapped at his own front teeth and then watched as Jared’s tongue darted out and licked at his lips before poking at his teeth. He adjusted himself surreptitiously and cleared his throat.

“Chris and Steve are playing at Cowboy Country tonight,” he said. “I was planning on going to watch them with Charisma and a couple other people. You interested?”

He said it nonchalantly, like he wasn’t intensely aware that if Jared refused to go, he couldn’t go either, but Jared’s eyes lit up and he nodded enthusiastically.

“Sounds awesome!” he said.

 

 

Cowboy Country was the most popular live country music bar in the area and on a Thursday night, it was always packed. Which gave Jensen a good excuse to entwine his fingers with Jared’s as they wove their way through the dense crowd of people toward the table near the stage that his group of friends always reserved whenever Chris and Steve were playing.

Charisma was there already, with her long-time friend James, and Tom was there with his boyfriend Michael, who had a possessive hand on Tom’s knee. In Jensen’s view, Tom was dating the wrong Michael.  Michael Weatherly was, in Jensen’s humble (and so far unstated) opinion, a complete douchebag.  For some obscure reason known best to himself, Michael seemed to have felt threatened by Jensen from the get-go, sure that Jensen was looking to poach his man. If Michael had actually had eyes in his head, he would’ve seen that he had more to fear from the other Michael; Rosie, whose unrequited love for their tall, blue-eyed friend was practically the stuff of legends.

It was James who noticed them first, his eyes widening and then narrowing as he watched them approach. Jensen felt Jared stiffen, almost imperceptibly, and then relax and he realized abruptly that James was probably a magus. Jensen’s mouth tightened. For someone who’d been certain he didn’t know any magi, he sure seemed to know a few magi.

Jensen greeted the gang and introduced Jared, guiding him down into a seat beside Charisma.

“Nice tats,” Michael said, the sneer obvious in his tone.

Jensen inclined his head briefly and turned to Tom. “Rosie not here tonight?”

“He’s buying a round,” Tom said.

Rosie appeared just as Tom spoke. He was carrying a tray with a pitcher of whatever beer was cheapest on tap tonight and ten glasses.

“So are you two together?” Rosie asked, when everyone was set with a drink and Jensen had introduced him to Jared.

“It’s…complicated,” Jared said.

Rosie frowned. “Really? Matching tattoos seems like a pretty big step for ‘it’s complicated’.”

Jared looked to Charisma and James, clearly wanting advice on how best to handle the question with this particularly group of people, but before he could respond, Weatherly said, “Always knew you liked ‘em really tall, Jen, the way you were always jealous of me and Tom.”

Jensen almost choked on his beer and he really appreciated the soothing hand that Jared ran up and down his back.

“Jensen and I are just friends,” Tom said.

“Does he know that?” Michael said petulantly.

“I’m not interested in Tom,” Jensen said flatly, as soon as his coughing fit subsided. For a start, they’d met at a Church mixer in their first year and the only reason Jensen had gone was because his mom had badgered him into it. Tom still went to Church, if not every Saturday, then often enough to indicate that he was still a True Believer, and Jensen could never date someone like that, despite how happy it would make his family.

Chris and Steve came on stage then and Jensen was saved from further conversation.  Beside him, Jared tapped his feet to the beat and out on the dance floor, people started boot scootin’.  Charisma whooped and dragged James out onto the floor and Jared fidgeted and side-eyed Jensen and finally asked him if he wanted to dance.

Jensen rubbed at the back of his neck. “Yeah, uh. I don’t really dance.”

“Line dancing’s not that hard,” Jared stood up and tried to drag Jensen to his feet. “I can teach you.”

“Oh, I can line dance,” Jensen