to notice it. 

He steps in and looks around in amazement, looking at all the drawings and paintings Zayn isn't very proud of. He holds his breath as Louis steps closer towards one, his fingers lightly tracing over it. He hears Louis sigh in admiration as he shakes his head.

"You've always had talent." He says, and then turns to face Zayn.

And Zayn smiles back, a fluttery feeling appearing in his stomach.

☼

It's sunset when they finally arrive on the beach, and it's cold but not too cold. And all that's heard is the waves crashing and Louis and Zayn's footsteps along the sand. 

"He was such a dick, you know." Louis says, breaking the silence. Zayn looks at him and he continues, "It took me eighteen fucking months to do something about it."

He laughs, but it's not humorous. And Zayn's looking at him with sympathetic eyes now, remembering the bruise he saw on Louis' wrist.

He doesn't know what to say, so he wraps an arm around Louis' shoulder and brings him in to comfort him a little bit. Louis leans in, his head resting against his chest. 

They continue walking, and they watch the sunset start to go down. 

"Why didn't you come in?" Louis asks after a while. Zayn looks at him, his forehead creasing slightly. "The wedding, I mean." He clarifies. 

Zayn lets out a sigh. He can't even tell him that he had no idea that's where the wedding was taking place; it was just a split-second decision to park his car there. He can't tell him that he wasn't there to attend the wedding at all. And he definitely cannot mention that he was about to kill himself. 

So he says something that isn't a lie, but isn't the complete truth, either. "I didn't know whether or not I'd be able to fake a smile for that long."

Louis looks up at him with big, bright eyes. He doesn't say anything, just reaches up and kisses Zayn's jaw. 

☼

The next morning, Zayn rolls over in his bed. He turns away from the blinding light shining through his window, only to feel something touch his hand. His eyes flicker open, and see Louis there next to him, still asleep.

Zayn recalls making up a spare bed for him in the next room, why was he in here?

Louis starts to wake, his eyes slowly opening. They meet Zayn's, and Louis instantly smiles. 

"Was the other bed uncomfortable?" Zayn asks him, apologetically. He mentally kicks himself for being such a shit host. 

Louis suddenly avoids his gaze. "... No." He says sheepishly, "I didn't try it."

And Zayn finds himself smiling at that, and Louis embarrassingly buries his face, giggling into his pillow. 

They roll out of bed and begin to get dressed. Zayn makes sure to not turn around at any point, in case he spots Louis naked and receives a slap across his face. But as Zayn's pulling on his jeans, he feels something soft hit the back of his head. He sees a pair of rolled up socks next to him and hears Louis laughing. 

Zayn grins, and throws it back at him. 

☼

They go out for dinner that night, the reason mostly because Zayn can't cook and because the food in his house is beyond limited and short of any flavour. They end up ordering the same thing, both forgetting that they like salmon as much as each other. 

Louis talks about what he's been up to, what he did after college, leaving out any part that consisted of his now ex-fiancé. Zayn's prompted and encouraged to talk about his life, but somehow manages to put it all back on to Louis. They talk about their memories in college; the people, the late nights, the classes. And it really pulls on Zayn to realise how much he's actually missed Louis.

"Do you ever wish that we were back there? Life was so much easier then." Louis says, finishing off his meal. 

And Zayn couldn't agree more. "I wish we never graduated."

They share a smile, and when the music changes Louis' eyes light up. 

"This used to be my favourite song, remember?" 

"Yeah," Zayn nods, "You used to sing it all the time." 

And I remember every word.Louis counts himself in and starts to sing, "If I don't say this now I will surely break, as I'm leaving the one I want to take..." He smiles and Zayn's so mesmerised with his voice. He remembers how often he used to sing this.

"C'mon," Louis stands, holding out his hand, "Let's dance."

Zayn looks at him uneasily, "Louis..."

"It'll be fine. Promise."