t he?, #catcalling


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            



The Sleaze:



Dean looks up as the sound of whistles reaches his ears.

He isn’t disappointed.

The hottest twink ever has walked into Singer’s Auto Shop.

Dean knows Bobby will skin his ass if he gets to know what is happening, but this is too good an opportunity to pass up. And so he gets up, wipes his oily hands on his equally oily jeans, and walks over to the newcomer.

“Little trench coat, whatcha doing here?”

The man, boy looks at Dean, head titled, eyebrows creased. Eventually, he speaks, and when he does, Dean does a double take. His voice is so damn deep.

“My name is not Little Trench Coat. I am Castiel.”

Dean stops himself from calling him Sasstiel, and plows forth with his ridiculous dialogue.

“Don’t you think it’s a bit late to be here? And after that, going home? How ‘bout you stay here?”

Castiel narrows his eyes, and suddenly Dean finds himself pinned against the wall by a kid half his size. (Not really half, and there is probably only a difference of two or three years between them, but Dean’s pride is hurt and he’s annoyed. Never mind the fact that he was the one who started it.)

“I. Am. Not. Fucking. Defenceless.”

Fuck, of all times to pop a boner, why does Dean have to do it now, when he’s flush against such an attractive man.

Being a sleaze is so not worth it.

Yes, I know this sounds rape-y, but it's not. I'm sorry if it wasn't clear.

#high school, #football player Dean, #cheerleader Cas, #hints of Dom Cas


 The Elated: 


Dean tracks the path of the ball with his eyes, concentration clear on his face.

Around him, he can hear the cheers and the words of encouragement the audience are throwing at him.

The fate of the game rests on his shoulders now. This is the make or break moment.

He suddenly hears a shout, “Dean, come on, just do it!”

Fucking shit, isn’t that what Castiel was saying last night?! Dean curses at himself. He does not need to be thinking of all that right now.

If he fails to score the goal, his boyfriend won’t put out for a month!

It’s better to play the game well now and have sex later, than think about sex now and not get any for a long time.

But damn, Castiel looks so hot right now, standing among the other cheerleaders so confidently.

Dean’s getting hard. Playing is getting hard. Crap.

“Dean!” The exclamation brings him out of his reverie, and he sees a ball flying towards his face.

He doesn’t have time to think.

He headbutts it.

 He just headbutts it.

And it goes close enough to Benny, who can kick it towards the goal and score them a point.

Well, Dean didn’t score, but at least he helped, right?

Their supporters’ cheer is a dull roar, because Dean’s attention is focused on Castiel. Castiel, who happens to be wearing something that Dean didn’t expect him to wear under his shorts. What the fuck.

His boyfriend comes closer, and Dean can’t wipe the grin off his face.

He’s smiling stupidly, and as Castiel crosses the final distance, stopping in front of him, Dean picks him up and whirls him around, squealing meaninglessly. So fucking what if he sounds like a teenage girl in love? He’s allowed to sound like that. After all, he is a teenager in love. A boy, though.

Castiel pushes him away though, kicking him lightly in the shins till Dean puts him down, pouting from the treatment.

“We talked about this, Dean.”

And Dean shivers, because yeah, they did talk about it. Castiel had told him to behave.

“It seems that you just like to break the rules, Dean. Maybe you just want to be punished.”

And fuck, he’s saying it all so casually, so fricking loudly (well, he isn’t exactly whispering), and all Dean can think about is how anyone can hear them.

“Tch, Dean.” Castiel says, voice deepening as he turns Dean’s face towards him, stroking his jaw with his hand, “I knew you would win. I had even worn them, just because I thought you could be good and do as I told you; focus on only the game. I had the perfect gift ready for you. But it seems that I overestimated your will to please me. Whatever shall I do with you?”

“Oh, I can think of many things.” Dean says, wiggling his eyebrows, even as he feels his own voice quieten down to a murmur.

He’s elated right now. There’s nothing