world news at the time, you know?”

“Definitely,” said Harry. “It was really boring anyway.”

“Yeah? Bummer. So! You guys are here to solve some climate crisis, I guess? It’s really shitty over here. The Muggle government fights against it really hard, for like the stupidest reasons. It’s like they’re Nifflers with their heads in the sand looking for gold instead of noticing we got some pretty cool gold already. You should see the Adirondacks in the fall, man! If you’re still here, I’ll take you hiking for sure!”

“Yeah, sounds great,” Harry said, while ignoring the glare Draco was discreetly giving him. “It’s sort of climate change, but more water pollution. It’s killing off your Mers’ habitats.”

“Woah, that sucks! I really like those gals, too. Whenever I go out to LA to visit my sister, Taylor, I always try to catch a few waves with the ones over there. The Pacific Nation, I think. They’re real cool. So what are you gonna do to save them?”

“That’s why Mother suggested we get in touch with you,” Draco said. “She thought you might give us some insight on the political spectrum over here.”

Kyle was nodding along. “Yeah, for sure. I’m not working strictly with MACUSA politics now, though. I just took a job as a NoMaj Policy Liaison, so I’m lobbying deals between us, but I can give you a run-down.”

“That might be even better,” Harry said. “We’re thinking that to really solve the Mers’ problems, it’s going to require some changes in the Mug—er, NoMaj world, too.”

Kyle frowned. “That’s gonna be tough. The NoMajes over here don’t like being told what to do. Even when it would help them out.”

“Sounds like people everywhere,” Draco muttered.

“True, yeah,” said Kyle. “But the difference here is, we’ve got so many people spread so far out that we can never come to an agreement on anything. MACUSA’s been thinking of dividing itself up among the MUS… it’s just too big to govern, with too many regions wanting different things. I wish the US would do the same, to be honest. They’d all be happier if they were five or six different countries instead of one, but try telling them that.”

“Right. Anyway,” said Harry. “We should find a place to sit down and talk.”

“Oh, yeah! Have you guys eaten yet? There’s this food truck here that I always have to stop at when I come down. They sell Thai hot dogs. It’s the weirdest, coolest thing.”

“Motherfucker,” Draco whispered.

Harry elbowed him. “I saw it back there. Want to grab one?”

“I like this dude,” Kyle said to Draco, hooking his thumb in Harry’s direction. “He goes with the flow. You’d do great here in the MUS, Harry. Way less stuffy than England.”

Harry laughed. What could Draco possibly dislike about his cousin? He seemed great to Harry.

That night, after they’d all returned from their missions, they gathered at Harry’s Airbnb. He went straight up to his room and then straight down to his lab to check on his tests. The results weren’t reassuring. Arsenic. Lithium. Ammonia. Cyanide. And about a dozen other chemicals Harry was nearly certain were from pesticides and pharmaceuticals. He’d have to test further to be sure.

One thing was certain: there wasn’t a drop of clean water in the Chesapeake Bay. It was worse than the Thames. 

He heard footsteps behind him and turned to find Draco standing in the doorway of his lab.

“Just invite yourself into my house, Malfoy, please,” Harry said.

“Thank you. You shouldn’t have left your trunk open.”

Harry rolled his eyes. Suddenly feeling weary, he pulled out a stool and slumped down at his worktable. There were two strips of litmus paper in front of him. One used to be blue. Both were now red. 

Draco came over and looked down. He stared at the litmus strips for a long time, then he pulled out a stool opposite Harry and sat. “You know, I developed a spell to give the exact pH of a liquid.”

“Of course you did,” said Harry. “When?”

Draco shrugged. “Oh, about eight years ago.”

Harry just stared at him. “And you never told me because you liked having me come around. I knew it.”

“Molaritia.” Draco snapped his wand at the litmus strips in turn. Two numbers materialised above them.



5.912

6.377

“I really wasn’t expecting it to be that low for saltwater,” Harry finished for him. “That’s like… impossibly low.”