familiar, but he can’t place how. Tabris swears she knows him.

“Don’t blame them,” Aella drawls, “The world’s an absolute wreck. Here’s to hoping the Herald can take care of that Magister prick...But Leli seems to have a lot of faith.” She offers that sharp grin, flashing the gap in her teeth from where a hurlock managed to bash out an incisor. He remembers how she swore and spat, and continued fighting like a demon, even while her face bled and bled. 

“If Hawke did it once, I’m sure Fairy can do it again,” The dwarf brightens suddenly, waving to someone behind them. “Speak of the devil-- Fairy! Over here!” 

“Varric!” calls a voice from behind them-- A marcher, by the sound of it, though it’s accented, lilting just a bit. “Packed tonight. Sorry I’m late, Solas had a... thing to show me.” 

“You missed out on quite the story,” Varric says as he scoots over, making room for a willowy elven woman. As she settles, she shoots the both of them a smile. “This is...The Hero of Ferelden, and Teyrn--” 

“--Just Loghain,” he cuts in, regarding her. She’s Dalish-- green vallaslin lining her cheeks and forehead, coming down from her lips and branching down her throat. Her eyes are large and bright, an unearthly sort of green, like pieces of the fade caught in them. 

“Mirre Lavellan,” She says to the both of them, grinning at Aella and offering a hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Leliana has spoken very highly of you.” Tabris takes it, shaking firmly. 

“I-- Well, all of us, really-- owe you one. Thank you doesn’t begin to cover it. You’re a brave one.” 

“I try,” Mirre replies, chuckling. “--So, I hear I missed a good story. Perhaps we could hear it again.” 

“Don’t encourage her,” Loghain groans, but Aella is leaning against the wall, and propping her boots on the table. 

“Well, it all started with...” It’s all Loghain can do not to sigh aloud. 

 

~

	It turns out that Aella did, in fact, know the mysterious hooded man. Towards the end of the night, she approaches him, only to find out that it’s one of her former companions-- an escaped Circle mage and Warden-turned-Rebel; Anders. He’s incognito, they discover, because of the incident in Kirkwall. His companion, Hawke, says as much in hushed tones, their severe brows furrowing. Aella has to reassure them that she means him no harm. 

	Of course, meeting such an acquaintance requires an amount of privacy. They all end up in Hawke’s lodgings, sharing a bottle of complimentary bottle of Antivan cognac. 

	“I have a friend who’d love this stuff,” Aella is lounging on a couch with Loghain, while Hawke and Anders sit on the edge of their bed, far more relaxed now they’re away from the prying eyes of the pub. 

	“Funny, I think I do, too,” Anders says, swirling his glass. He looks an echo of the healthy mage Loghain had seen at the Keep near ten years ago, his beard wild and his eyes tired, clearly worn thin from so many years. Still, according to Hawke, better than he was a few years previously. He can imagine the same can be said of himself-- now reaching his 64th year, he looked more worn than ever (despite how Aella insisted, each and every morning, how handsome he was). 

	“I doubt we’re thinking of the same person. Although Zevran did mention meeting the lot of you a few years back. So perhaps we are.” Tabris rolls her shoulders in a shrug, and then purses her lips. “Why didn’t you write, Anders? I was worried sick!” 

	“Well, mostly I was afraid of being dragged back into the Wardens. It didn’t suit me a bit.” he drawls, leaning against Hawke’s shoulder. 

	“...Fair enough. Although...10 years, and not a word? The only way I knew you were alive was because Howe reported back. And then Zev mentioned meeting you.” she heaves a sigh, her tone softening. “What ever happened to Justice? They went missing, too...” It’s amazing how much a mother hen Aella becomes when talking to old friends. Anders just looks sheepish, brows furrowing.

	“Funny you should mention that. We...kind of....well, fused...” he trails off, shooting a glance at Hawke, who thus far has been mostly quiet. They squeeze his hand, and then regard the two wardens. 

	“They were fused together, but we haven’t heard from Justice since Kirkwall. They disappeared.” Hawke’s dark brows furrow. “We don’t know what happened to them. It appears their purpose