Just came to talk to Luke. We’re friends. Is that going to be a problem?”

“Yeah, since when?”

“Since yesterday.”

Ashton looked to Luke. “You were with him yesterday?”

Luke looked down and bit his lip ring, “Um, yeah, for a little bit.” 

“We just talked, dude, chill out.” Miles explained. 

“What’s going on?” Calum whispered to his boyfriend. 

“That’s Miles Teller. He and Ashton both went up for a part in the Divergent series, but Miles got the part and ever since then Ashton has hated him.” Michael whispered back. 

“If you know what’s best for you then I suggest you stay as far away from me and anyone around me.” Ashton spat. 

“Luke is not your property.” Miles said in almost a sassy way. His smile didn’t help Ashton’s anger either. “He’s a person and if he wants to hang out on my break then he can.” He looked at the blonde boy as he said this. 

Luke liked that Miles remained cool and calm through the whole conversation while Ashton was absolutely fuming. They were polar opposites. 

“Well, he doesn’t want to hang out with you.” Ashton shot back. 

Miles looked to Ashton, with that Teller smile still on his face, “Luke is big boy, Ashton. He can speak for himself.” 

Ashton clenched his fists and his face was twisted into a horribly angry and red face. Luke noticed this. He really didn’t want Ashton to hurt Miles. Miles had a nice face and he was in the middle of filming a movie. Besides, it’s in his contract that he keep Ashton from doing anything stupid. 

He held onto Ashton’s tight fist until it loosened and Ashton held onto Luke’s hand for dear life. 

“I don’t want any trouble.” He mumbled, looking to the floor. 

“Okay,” Miles said. He didn’t want Luke to suffer Ashton’s wrath. “Alright, well, I’ll text you later. Okay Luke?”

Luke looked up to him and smiled with a nod. Miles smiled hugely at him before walking off. 

Ashton jerked his hand from look and turned to look at him, “You are not to talk to him!”

“Why not? We’re just friends!”

“Not as long as you’re with me!” He stepped closer to Luke and said more quietly, “Fake relationship or not. I don’t want rumors going around that you’re cheating on me. If there is going to be anyone cheating, it’s going to be me. It’s been a while since I had a good fuck anyway.”

“You’re not supposed to be going out…doing those things.” Luke felt stupid all of a sudden.

“I haven’t gotten laid in a little over two months because of you. I think its about time, don’tcha think?” He smirked. 

How did they even get to this topic? Does Ashton know about his crush on him and just wants to hurt him? 

“I’ll tell Ron.”

“You do and you’re dead. Do understand me?”

“If you won’t allow me to do my job, which is to keep your sorry ass in line, or even be happy, then the least you could do is let me talk to who I want.”

Ashton looked as if he was about to start cursing again when he was called to the set. He just glared at the blonde before stomping off. 

Luke ignored Calum and Michael and walked off. He needed to talk with Miles. It would make Ashton angry, but Ashton is always angry. There is no pleasing him. 

 

Miles was sitting flipping through a magazine on the couch in a dressing room. 

“Luke,” He smiled as said boy entered the room, “Hey.”

“Hi.” 

Miles stood, “Everything okay? I didn’t get you in any trouble did I?”

“Ashton is always angry. So,” He shrugged his shoulders. 

“I’m sorry about him. But um, listen, I was just informed that we’re moving filming locations. We’re packing up and heading out to Illinois tonight.”

Luke’s heart jolted. His only sanctuary was leaving. 

“Well,” Luke said with a fake smile, “That’s neat.”

“I’m sorry.” 

“What are you sorry for? This is your job.” 

“I don’t know. I just, hate Ashton so much. He’s an ass.”

“It’ll be okay. I’ve handled him this long.”

“How much longer is this charade going on?”

“A little over two months.”

Miles winced, “Damn. That’s must feel like a little over two years.” 

“No, much longer.” Luke gave a nervous laugh. 

“I’m sorry, man.” Miles went in for a bro-hug, but Luke latched