stepped back to maintain the gap between them, he hit a wall.

Sherlock eliminated breathing room, pressing his body against John's, grinding his hips against him, pressing John's arse against the wall. John groaned in pain.

Sherlock leaned into John's ear, dropping his voice and purring.

“I can be very persuasive.”

John was hot all over, dick suddenly half-hard, brain fumbling for excuses, slowed by the drugs.

Sherlock pulled his hips back slightly, only to palm John's groin. John threw his head back against the wall with a thud. Sherlock nipped at John's exposed neck.

Visions of Moriarty's love bite flashed through John's mind. 

“Stop!” John said, pushing Sherlock back. “Stop, stop. No. You can't just...no.”

“Oh, come on!” Sherlock threw his arms up in the air.

“I'm not your toy. I'm going to bed.”

“John!”

But John needed space, far more space than there was in the room with Sherlock. It was only once he was behind his own locked door that he felt like he could think. And the thought that dominated all others was the desperate urge for sleep.

*     *     *

For two days, John lay in bed. He had no work scheduled and Sherlock was avoiding him again, so there wasn't much else to do. He drank tea, read books, wrote mundane things in his blog, rested his arse and shoulders, and ate every last piece of food in the house, even the jar of pickles Sherlock may or may not have made himself out of probably not cucumbers. 

On the third day, he had no other choice. He had to make the journey to Tesco.

The fresh air reminded him of the world outside the kinky sex game he'd been playing. But the sunlight did not bring clarity. He still felt terribly conflicted. There was the afternoon with Irene, and how much he'd liked it, turning Sherlock down after coming on to him only days before, and the fact that his dreams these days featured Moriarty in a starring role, always waking John up with an erection.

He did want Sherlock to be his and only his, despite it all. Retiring to the countryside and keeping bees sounded nice. More than anything, John knew he would do anything to keep Sherlock safe. And that meant ending Sherlock's entanglement with Moriarty.

But then there was the pain. John felt excited and ashamed every time he sat down. Visions of whip marks and silk ropes floated through his mind at all hours of the day. He wanted to heal Sherlock's wounds, that was for sure. Did he also want to inflict them? That was still to be discovered.

John had trouble reconciling his new sexual proclivities with his fantasy of his future life with Sherlock. Would they be 60, 70, even 80, playing with riding crops and handcuffs in the bedroom?

But there was no place for Moriarty, no place for whatever things the dark, secret part of John wanted Moriarty to do to him. What would they do, grow old, the three of them together? The thought of having to clean up after two minds like that overwhelmed John. The housekeeping would be dreadful. 

John grabbed the essentials at Tesco, suddenly wanting to be home again, safe from thoughts of Sherlock and Moriarty bickering at the dinner table. And forget holidays with Mycroft. John shuddered. 

Tea. Bread. Butter. Milk. Pasta. Bananas.

Moriarty.

John did a double take. The iconic designer suit was absent. He looked almost like a normal person in his sweatshirt and jeans, baseball cap shadowing his face. But there was his grin, like a Cheshire cat. And he was looking right at John.

Moriarty leaned casually against the banana display. When John hesitated, he beckoned with one finger.

John went to stand beside him, pretending to eye the bananas. 

“What are you doing here?” John whispered.

“It's alright, Dr. Watson,” Moriarty whispered back. “You don't have to pretend like we're Soviet spies.” 

John turned to face him, feeling a bit silly.

“What are you doing in a Tesco? Don't you have minions to do your shopping?”

“Oh don't be silly. I came to see you.” Moriarty nudged John's shoulder affectionately. “You have our boy in quite the state. And I know he's not one for the nitty-gritty of human emotions, but I thought you and I might chat.”

“Why would I 'chat' with you?”

Moriarty picked up a single banana from the display and began to peel it.

“Because you've been having some pretty kinky dreams lately, with some unexpected guest stars.”

John choked a bit. “I'm sorry, I'm not really sure what you're talking about.”

“Oh, and I heard about your experiment in naughty playtime. I'd bet it's left