Thranduil tapped his foot against Ilmendin's before seeking his wine goblet.

Folding his hands and leaning across the table, Ilmendin said, "I had a visitor today, brother."

"Really? Who came to call?" Legolas sipped his wine, his mind clear of previous events.

"An old friend of ours. Well, mostly of yours, though never has he been unfriendly to me." Ilmendin sat upright again and added, "He said he came to speak with you, but that you would not see him."

"Ah..." Legolas sat back, closing his eyes as he swirled the liquid in his cup. Sometimes, the resemblance between Legolas and Thranduil was frightening, and now, as Legolas nodded his head, Ilmendin decided it reminded him very much of his father. "It was not that I would not see him, but that I did not wish to speak to him."

"So it is about an elleth," nodded Ilmendin. Legolas opened his eyes, and the look of relaxation was replaced with one of fury.

"What has he told you?" demanded Legolas, and Thranduil laughed at the scene. Calm, patient Ilmendin sat back in his chair and shook his head while Legolas rose, his temper surfacing. "So, what he told you was amusing was it not?"

"Legolas Greenleaf, sit yourself down. Now," added Thranduil when Legolas did not comply. Legolas sat. He was well aware of the fact that the crude use of the word Greenleaf after his name implied that his father was not in a mood to deal with a debate. "I am going to assume that you know why Lord Haldir visited today." Legolas said nothing. "Do I need to repeat the words he spoke to me?"

Legolas crossed his arms and looked at Thranduil defiantly. "No, sir."

"Then I am led to believe you know why he came and what he was asking," continued Thranduil.

"Yes, sir."

"Good."

"Sir?" Legolas and Thranduil both regarded Ilmendin. "As I was asked to leave the room after Haldir said he wished to speak about Legolas to you, I really don't know what in the name of Mordor is going on. Would it be too much trouble to ask that you tell me what it was he was asking?"

Thranduil reached for the carafe and refilled all three goblets. After setting it down, he picked up his own cup and drank deeply from it, then said, "Ilmendin, let us pretend you are in love with two different elves. One is an elf, and one is an elleth."

"Fine. But only if we are pretending," he warned. "My wife would be furious otherwise."

"We are only pretending, and we shall never tell your wife," promised Thranduil. "Now, not only do you love the elf and the elleth, but they also love each other."

"Are either of them better looking than I am?" interrupted Ilmendin.

"What? No, neither of them are. You are my son, how could they be?"

"But they are fair, at least. Decent looking?"

"You will not have to throw a potato sack over their heads when you take them in public, if that is what you mean," sighed Thranduil, emptying the rest of the wine into his glass.

"Good. Please, go on."

Legolas still had his arms crossed and was making various huffing noises as it suited him. He now rolled his eyes, hoping Ilmendin caught that he thought his brother more than childish in his behavior, but the action was ignored.

"The two of them, the elves you love, they have decided to marry," said Thranduil.

"That is wonderful!" exclaimed Ilmendin, but he paused and said, "Oh, wait. What about me?"

"They have asked you to be... with them... in a sort of... group..." Thranduil said, not sure yet himself how to explain it.

"Is that possible?" Ilmendin asked, glancing over at Legolas.

"Why not?" shrugged Thranduil.

"Well... that should make me happy, right?" Ilmendin looked at Legolas again. "You told him no.  Is that what you did?" He picked up a stray raisin and tossed it at his brother. "He is one of the few tolerable elves you have shown interest in! Why did you say no?"

The dried fruit caught Legolas off-guard and hit him on the side of the head. Stunned at first, Legolas picked up the raisin from his lap and flicked it, hitting Ilmendin in the nose. "Because I did not want to listen to everyone disapproving. All of the rude words and whispering behind my back. The angry looks from my family."

"I am not angry. Father, are you angry?" asked Ilmendin, turning to Thranduil. Thranduil shook his head.

"You... you do not approve of this, do you?" wondered Legolas.

"Why not? Why should I disapprove? When have I ever told you no when you wanted something?" Thranduil waited for reply, and received none. "Right