could feel Liam's erection against his stomach, and squirmed uncomfortably as he began to rub the smaller boys ass cheeks.

"He's really pretty, Zayn." Liam muttered, looking down at Niall. "Just imagine what he'll look like when I'm fucking into him."

Niall tried to push away from Liam, but failed because Liam only tightened his grip on the boy. "Feisty, I like it." He didn't release Niall until after he placed a hard, wet kiss on his lips.

"I've been waiting to do this for weeks." Zayn huffed as he walks into the livingroom, plopping onto the couch. Liam followed suit, Niall too until Zayn told him to go grab a few beers from the kitchen.

When he returned to the livingroom with two beers in his hand, Zayn said, "Niall, could you go turn the television on for us?" Niall nodded and made his way to the TV stand, bending over to turn it on. This was another one of Zayn's rules, that whenever Niall did something that required it, he bend over, pushing out his ass because that's what Zayn likes.

"He's got such a nice ass, babe, I don't see how you could resist it." He heard Liam say lowly. It made Niall queasy thinking about the fact that his, whatever Zayn is to him, and this new stranger were going to take turns making him their little bitch. But it also, maybe, kinda, turned him on.

Which only made him even more queasy.

As Niall went to take a seat far from the two men, Liam shook his head and pat the space between he and Zayn. One look from Zayn told Niall that he he had no choice but to obey.

Niall sat between them, trying to keep to himself as much as possible. You'd think being almost completely naked would make him nervous or uncomfortable, but it felt nice seeing as Zayn liked to keep the house warm.

Liam rested his hand on Niall's upper thigh, not too far from his average sized cock, his thumb rubbing circles. That only made it harder for Niall to focus on the sitcom in front of him. Liam's hand continues to slip further up Niall's leg until he's rubbing the young boy's cock through his tight panties.

In no time Niall was hard and fighting the urge to moan. Zayn noticed Liam's actions and took Niall's face in his hands and began to kiss him. Zayn kissed him fervently and Niall tried to resist, he really did, but when Liam's hand moved into his underwear, he moaned and all caution was thrown to the wind.

Liam began pumping his fist on Niall's shaft, leaning into Niall's ear whispering, "You ever been fucked?" Niall made a noise that sounded like a cross between a no and a moan. His hand moved a little faster, causing Niall to moan loudly into Zayn's mouth. Zayn took the oppurtunity to slip his tongue into Niall's mouth.

Niall felt the familiar tightening in his lower abdomen, and is came all over Liam's hand and his legs. Liam pulled his hand away, wiping it on the lacy panties. Liam pulled his cock out of his pants and began to tug on it softly. "Knees." Niall obeyed, half reluctant, half willing. "You've got such a pretty mouth, let's see if you know how to use it."

He was a bit hesitant at first, mainly because he had never actually sucked anyone's cock before, but Liam began to guide him through it. "Just start with the tip and take the rest as much as you can. Watch for your teeth, 'kay?"

Zayn left the room for a minute or two, and came back with a bottle of lube in his hand. He turned the TV off also, seeing it as nothing more than a distraction.Niall nodded, and took the head of Liam's large cock in his mouth, working his way down slowly. For an inexperienced first timer, he seemed to be doing well, if the sounds coming from Liam's lips were any indication.

"You look so fucking pretty like this." Liam muttered. "Fuck."

Behind them, Zayn was putting a fair amount of lube on his fingers, to go ahead and open Niall up. When he pulled Niall's panties off and pressed his index finger to the boy's hole, Niall tried to pull off of Liam's cock but Liam wasn't having any of that. He fisted his hands in Niall's hair, keeping him down.

Zayn's finger went into the tight, very tight, hole. He couldn't wait to get in there. Niall began to squirm in discomfort because he has never had anything up there. Ever."Fuck, Niall." Liam hissed. "Teeth, you fucker."

Zayn searched Niall's hole for his prostate, twisting and turning his finger