here.” Sakura huffed a short, grief-stricken laugh, pasting on a huge beam reminiscent of Naruto’s younger years as tears streamed unendingly down her face. 

“Hey now, c’mon,” She warbled, her smile slipping. “You can’t–You can’t go out like this. You’re Naruto Uzumaki, Konoha’s Number One Unpredictable Ninja, our future Hokage, remember? Remem-“ She dissolved into sobs, covering her face with two bloody hands.

Sasuke’s hands trembled as he hovered over Naruto’s body. His face was dry, he dimly noted. How, he wondered dazedly to himself, could his face be dry, when his heart was definitely crying?

A shaking, tanned hand, reached for his own, and Sasuke moved disbelieving eyes to the hand. It was a nice hand, he noticed. Slim knuckles and long fingers, with blood shoved so deeply under the fingernails that Sasuke was sure it wouldn’t ever come out. The hand tightened around his, and Sasuke lifted his gaze to the blue one full of understanding and so, so much emotion that he almost flinched. Naruto smiled, a grim little quirk of the lips, turned his head slightly and whispered, “Kakashi-sensei.” 

He had shuffled closer in an instant, both eyes open and brimming with a deep, aching sorrow, his mask  wet with tears. “Ye–“ he swallowed in an attempt to rid himself of the swollen lump in his throat. “Yes, Naruto?”

“I-I’m sorry, that I was such a little sh-shit when I was younger,” He laughed, pain wracking his features. “I’m so g-glad you were my sensei. Ma-make sure that Konohamaru-chan and Iruka-sensei and baa-chan and these,” he paused again, gritting his teeth, “two shits a-all stay okay, alright?” 

Kakashi nodded, hands deceptively light on his students’ arm in contrast to the agony displayed in his tense posture. Naruto weakly gestured for him to come closer, and muttered, “Don’t let me haunt you, sensei. T-this wasn’t your fault.”

Kakashi disregarded the blood spattered on his ear when Naruto had talked and inched backwards, slowly, wearily drawing himself up to look down at his student once more. 

“Sakura-chan,” The blonde mumbled, smiling and showing off bloody teeth. “Dear, s-sweet S-sakura-chan. I’m sorry I always p-pestered y-you about those dates. Y-you are–“ He paused to cough body curling inwards in his futile efforts to expel the blood from his lungs. “S-so be-beautiful, so s-strong. I always knew y-you would b-be great,” He crinkled his eyes.

“You big goof,” She sobbed out, smiling despite herself. 

Naruto turned his head once more, his cheesy grin subsiding to something smaller, more tender. “S-sasuke,” he said, the single name chock full of memories and loyalty and kindness and heart and so, so much love. Sasuke let his head drop, pain twisting his features and heaving his chest in dry sobs. Why can’t I just cry? He wondered furiously. I just want to cry for him, the only one really worth my tears. So why can’t I cry?

“I-I’m–” he began, features crumpling in regret. “I’m s-sorry t-that we never had a ch-chance. W-we was-s-sted all th-that time cha-chasing each other, th-thinking we ha-had all the t-time in the world.” His breath was coming shorter now, and his words were stilted and jumbled. He chuckled, “F-foolish. I love you, b-bastard. I always-s d-did.”

Sasuke’s face crumpled even further, his heart crying out for the boy beside him. He gripped Naruto’s weak hand with renewed vigor, wishing above all that he could simply turn back time. “D-deadlast,” He forced out through a thick throat. “I love you too.” 

Naruto smiled a tiny, content smile. “H-hey,” He breathed. “Ma-make s-sure t-they rememb-ber m-me, huh?”

Naruto looked upwards and with that, Naruto Uzumaki died.

 

The remnants of Team Seven stared vigilantly at Naruto for a full minute, watching intensely and waiting for his chest to rise once more, waiting for him to open his eyes, to pop up and laugh it off as if everything were simply one big joke. 

He didn’t.

Sakura broke the silence first, doubling over with long, keening wails that seemed to originate from somewhere deep inside her. Guttural and raw, they echoed through the valley, ringing with her grief.

Kakashi slumped, strings cut, shoulder’s stiff with repressed sorrow. Why does this always happen? Why