heavy fluttered open, he looked around at the room he was in.  

 

'Where am I?' Victor thought to himself.

 

'And why does my head hurt so much?'

 

The simple questions flew around his head as he glanced up at the, much too bright, light above him.  

 

Victor tried to peer out of the room that he was in, but couldn't see anything except a few people in white coats clustered together talking.  He also saw in the corner of the room he was contained in, a few things that looked somewhat like possibly x-rays?

 

He tried to shift around in the stiff bed that he sat in, feeling the pricking of the old, cramped bed that was obviously made for something slightly shorter, he realized, as he pulled his feet onto the bed.

 

He didn't know where he was. Or why he was here for that matter.  The last thing he truly remembered was he was at the rink with Yurio.  Yurio had been practicing hard ever since that year prior when he was in the Junior division.  But he finally convinced Yakov to allow him to go for Senior.

 

Victor did remember a few other things, but it was too blurry to tell what the memories contained.

 

He wanted to figure out what was going on, and why he was in a hospital with an uncomfortable IV in his arm.  But right now he was too tired to think.

 

Victor laid back down into the bed and quickly drifted off

 

 

 

As time progressed on, Yuuri became increasingly anxious.  He knew that things like this could take time, the doctors needed to check on him and all, but that did detour the steadily growing anxiety ball that was contained in him.

 

Yurio had given up trying to calm him down, going from giving him calming words with backhanded insults, to just yelling at him to 'man up'.

 

Now as Yuuri sat in the darkening hospital waiting room, tears had stopped running an hour ago, now he just tried to concentrate on the fact that Victor would most definitely be ok, and that doctors would come out any minute now to happily tell Yuuri that his husband is in prime condition and just had a small head bump

 

As fate would have it, a young man walked out into the room and called for Yuuri.

 

Yuuri stood up and pulled Yurio along with him to stand in front of the man.

 

"Hello, Mr. Katuski, t-"

 

"Katsuki Nikiforov"

 

"Ah yes, Mr. Katuski Nikififorov, we have run all the tests necessary and if you would like, you can come see him now."  The tall man looked down at Yuuri expectantly.

 

"Eto, yes please, that would be nice.  

 

But uh, is Yurio here allowed?"  Yuuri questioned

 

"Is Mr?"

 

"Plisetsky."



"Of course.  Is Mr. Plisetsky related to the patient?"  The young doctor looked down at the clipboard in his hands.

 

"Yes, he- he is Victors cousin."  Yuuri stuttered trying to think of what to call Yurio.  He knew that Yurio and Victor looked nothing alike, but sometimes cousins look very different, right? Right.

 

"Um alright, then yes, he may come with.  Just follow me this way."

 

Yuuri followed along looking at the scenery of the hospital.  The hospital was about as plain as expected, there was an occasional painting placed upon the wall,  but the walls were almost entirely a white base.  Yuuri looked in many of the rooms, some people he was were just sleeping, some were watching television, some even had family surrounding them.  

 

When they reached Victor's room, the man showed them in and stood by the doorway letting the males sit.

 

Yuuri shifted his attention over to the sleeping figure occupying the bed.  Yuuri watched as Victor's chest rose up and down with each breath, the heart monitor slowly beating along.  Yuuri had never truly realized how at peace Victor looked while sleeping, his eyes were barely closed, his mouth slightly agape (no pun intended), and with the moonlight from outside, his hair and skin almost appeared to have glitter in them, the light dancing around when Yuuri's eyes shifted from Victors head down to his slightly exposed chest.

 

"So I can let you two sit here, but please call me or another nurse if he is to wake up."  The nurse standing at the doorway commented as he looked down at his buzzing pager.  He glanced once more back to Yuuri and then nodded while walking out, ignoring Yuuri's question of when Victor may wake up.

 

Yurio sat in the corner of the small hospital room while Yuuri scooted closer to Victor and rested his hand on the elder men's hand.

 

"I won gold by default you know?" Yuuri laughed thinking about what the scored would have been if Victor hadn't fallen, "You know I really wanted you to win.  'Victor Nikiforov wins gold in his first year back in ice skating'.  I wanted to see that, you probably wanted me to win, but you know it would've just become some petty fight."  Yuuri glanced down at their intertwined hands.  The rings now glistened in the