. 

"I'm confessing to you! Baring my soul!" 

"The only thing you are baring is that creepy grin of yours. Seriously, do you even listen to yourself?" 

"Every night in the shower. I have a good singing voice and the echo in the bathroom is very complementing."  

"What?" Georgi squinted his eyes as he turned his head back to Chris. "Why would you tell me your shower experiences?" 

"We can share it sometime?" Chris sounded hopeful.  

"Dude! What the heck..." Georgi's face revealed more of his disgust than it probably should, but at this point he didn't care anymore. He was hurt, he was tired and Chris was making his skin crawl. 

"No showers then. Check. Cuddles?" He looked at Georgi's face again and sighed. "No again, huh?" 

"Look at the road." Was Georgi's curt answer. 

"Oh, look. That's your street. Tell me where to pull over." 

"J-Just let me out somewhere here, I can walk the remaining way." Maybe he should rather not show Chris his apartment complex. 

"So you collapse at the side of the street? Nah," Chris slowed down, apparently waiting for Georgi to give him directions.  

Georgi sighed in defeat. "Here," he then said in a monotone voice. "Park your car here somewhere." 


xoxoxoxoxoxox 


Christophe rather liked this turn of the events. Georgi might have gotten hurt, but now Christophe at least knew more about his sweetheart. If only he could worm his way into knowing the apartment number, he could drop by sometime to see if Georgi was keeping alive with his sprained ankle.  

He counted the floors in the building. There were four, which meant no elevator.  

"Which floor do you live at?" 

"Wouldn't you like to know?" Georgi grumbled as he opened the door by the passenger's side. He seemed to have grasped the concept of walking on the crutches pretty quickly, given how he hopped out of the car without waiting for Christophe to help him. 

"Listen," Georgi told him as soon as they stood facing each other in front of the car. "I'm grateful for your help," he hissed out the word. "If you would kindly give me your contacts, I will pay you back as soon as I can. I have a gig tomorrow so I will have some cash at hand. Just tell me how much." 

"Gig?" Christophe latched onto the word, choosing to ignore the rest. "Are you in a band? A musician, huh?" 

Georgi's sharp intake of breath was a clue to how close he was to exploding. "Contact. Info. And how much," he repeated, drawling through his teeth.  

"Where are you performing? Can I come and listen?" 

"Christ, man, are you serious right now?" 

Christophe perked up even more. He liked people with temperament and Georgi was full of that. "Phone number in exchange for the gig place," he gambled. 

"You really don't want your money back, do you?" Georgi looked him up and down. His gaze sent sparks up Christophe's stomach. 

"Give me that and I will leave you alone," he said. He also crossed his fingers behind his back, but Georgi didn't have to know that.  

Georgi closed his eyes briefly. He seemed to have been considering his options. Christophe was pretty damn sure he would give in – Georgi was too honest a soul to just skedaddle without paying back what he owed. He stopped himself from grinning victoriously when Georgi replied after worrying his lip for a while. 

"Queen's Duct. That's where I perform tomorrow." 

"Perfect," Christophe smiled at him. "Do you have anything to write with or should we go to your apartment so I can write the contacts down for you?" 

Georgi, already standing with his phone in his hand, looked rather unimpressed. But it wasn't Christophe's defeat yet. 

"So," he said, after Georgi typed in his number. "Your building doesn't have an elevator. You are going to need help going up the stairs, aren't you?" 

"It's barely the second floor," Georgi said distractedly, his eyes still glued to the screen. Then the realization hit him and he hanged his head a little. "God damn it." 

"You might still need help," Christophe inquired happily. "And I could use some coffee." 

"That's it," Georgi straightened his back. "I'm drawing the line here. Thank you for your help today, I'm too tired to deal with you anymore. Good day to you," he said and turned around as gracefully and daintily as he could with the crutches, still so beautiful in Christophe's eyes. He didn't look back even when Christophe called out after him. 

"See you tomorrow!" Christophe waved a hand. He watched as Georgi limped to the building and disappeared inside.