he so often would when he thought no one was listening. Steve blew out his own candle before knocking on the wood that was resembling a doorframe. 

“Hey handsome.” The blond stood with his arms crossed, admiring the sight before him. Bucky was sitting on the wooden floor with a bucket of soap water in front of him. He was naked and Steve had never though that something so domesticated and normal could warm his heart the way it did right now. Bucky was washing himself down with a cloth. The bar of soap had been a gift from Steve. It was expensive and Bucky, or any other working in stables, wouldn’t earn enough to buy such luxury like that. 

“Haven’t you heard of privacy, kid?” the brunet answered with a loving grin. “Can’t you see I’m busy?” the continued to scrub his legs. His chest was still glistering wet in the soft candle light and his tan skin was so delicious that Steve wanted to jump him right on the spot. 

Steve went over to the bed, which was more of a nest by now. It was a thick madras of hay with too much wool and sheepskins. It was warm and soft, and the brunet couldn’t get enough softness when he slept. Steve sat down with his back against the wall, watching as the other dipped his head into the bucket, rinsing out the dirt from his hair. He did his best to get the rest of the water out of it before tying it up, all with one hand. Steve had learned by now that Bucky didn’t want any help with something like this. He was doing just fine on his own with one arm.

When the brunet was done he joined the other on the bed. After a few seconds in silence, the brunet grabbed at the other’s collar, dragging him down on top of himself. Their lips met in a passionate and sweet kiss. Lips massaging against each other as Bucky fumbled with the hem of Steve’s shirt so that he could drag it over his head. Steve sat over his hips and took over the job in getting rid of his clothes. He stripped down in record time, awkwardly kicking of his boots and pants.

Steve straddled his hips once again, bending down to meet in a kiss. This time it was all tongue and heated arousal. Steve grinded down against the others half hard member. Bucky’s hand found its way to one of the others nipples, carefully rolling it between two fingers as it made the blond moan into his mouth. Bucky bit his lip, tugging it before forcing his tongue against Steve’s again. 

Both men were hard in no time, grinding against each while hands roamed freely over warm skin. Bucky’s hand found its way to their hard members and he closed his fist around both. He was slowly jerking them together. Steve dug his fingers into the other’s chest as he gave a little whimper that made the brunet tighten his grip. Bucky was kissing his jaw and down his throat, sucking lightly into the soft skin beneath his collarbone, where no one would see the mark he’ll leave. 

“You’re so beautiful, Stevie.” A trail of kisses towards his mouth followed the whispered words. Steve could feel that he was close now, only a few more tugs and he would be over the edge in pleasure. Steve was moaning nonsense into Bucky’s mouth as they were kissing once again. 

“Come for me.” Bucky commanded and a moment later the blond was spilling over the others stomach. 

“God, I love you, Stevie.” Before Bucky could finish the words, Steve had sealed his lips in a kiss again. Steve hated that he loved those words from Bucky. He loved Bucky too, but they both knew this was on borrowed time. Steve took Bucky’s still hard member in his hand when his own blinding pleasure was fading. He was jerking Bucky’s cock with the right pressure and a twist over the head. In a few strokes and Bucky was coming, moaning breathlessly. 

Steve was still shaking from his own climax. He was watching Bucky’s face as he calmed down, eyes closed and relaxation taking over his body. Steve collapsed on top of the other, listening to his beating heart.

“Stay the night.” Bucky mumbled into his soft, golden hair. 

“You know I can’t do that, Buck.” 

“We’ll just say I woke you up early. Horse problems.” 

“Bucky … you’ll get in trouble with my father for that.”

“I don’t care, I can take it.” Bucky combed his fingers through the blond hair. The come between them was drying and getting disgustingly sticky, but Steve didn’t want to move. 

Steve was silent for a long time, just listening to Bucky’s breathing. He wanted to stay here forever, listening to the steady rhythm of the other’s heart, feeling his chest rumble whenever he would chuckle.

“Fine, I’ll stay. But only for tonight and