been on the ground for a good minute, Kris making no attempts to physically in between his friend and the man (he’s learned his lesson after receiving a black eye on Luhan’s part, with many insincere apologies) and decides to attempt coaxing his friend out of his anger with words. But because Kris’ luck is basically nonexistent, another man attempts to pry Luhan off, causing him to get hit by the stranger on the floor, and effectively starting a stereotypical bar fight.

 

 

 

Which leads us to Kris stuck being behind a bar as he decides to wait out the fight.

 

Taking yet another glimpse at his watch, he sees that it’s now 2:15 in the morning, and the bar fight has yet to let up. Serious bar fights aren’t supposed to go on for this long, at least Kris thinks they aren’t. He’s experienced some pretty outrageous shit (and has done some pretty outrageous shit himself), but because he’s not one to willingly throw himself in reckless and dangerous situations, he wouldn’t know the normal duration period of a bar fight.

 

After what seems like a few seconds of the loud shouting and screaming dying down, Kris stands in an attempt to leave, but is stopped when a beer bottle crashes only inches from his head, causing him to drop back down with a yelp. 

 

He’s thankful he doesn’t have class in the morning, or it’d make sitting on a hard floor hunched over in fear suck more than it already does. And given the situation in which Kris has a possibility of getting dragged into what looks like a horrible (and less hilarious) reenactment of super smash bros, Kris is jumpy. 

 

A sigh next to him almost sends him slamming his head into the edge of the counter above him, wide eyes fixing on another figure huddled in the corner of the counter. 

 

Taking more interest in the man cowering beside him than his own safety, Kris knows his priorities are not straight, and he figures he isn’t either with the way his cheeks are heating up and his mouth is gaping by just looking at the guy.

 

Aside from the look of unease on his face, he’s quite attractive. Scratch that, this guy is straight up hot, Kris decides. He almost slumps over once the man looks his way, and gives him a lopsided, albeit nervous smile.

 

Stark white locks styled in a way that neatly borders his delicate features (oh my god look at those cheeks) contrast the dark chocolate of his eyes, their feline shape and piercingly soft gaze sending a shudder through Kris. His lips have a kittenish curve to them, almost making him seem like he’s smiling and pouting, and oh lord Kris suddenly has the urge to know how it feels to kiss them. 

 

“Looks like it’s still a bit too early to assume it’s safe to leave, huh?” Kris can barely hear what the stranger says over the clatter of tables and fists, but what he does manage to pick up has him lightheaded because this guy’s voice is so soft and sweet and Kris wonders if he’s an angel sent down to save Kris.

 

Or maybe Kris is just on the verge of having a mental breakdown and is making up this attractive stranger in a means to cope with being stuck behind a bar while his friend is out fighting like his life depends on it.

 

“Well, since it looks like we’ll be stuck back here for a while, I’m Tao.” He introduces himself, head tilting cutely and all Kris can do is just stare and try not to make an idiot out of himself.

 

In response, he nods dumbly, and the stranger giggles. He fucking giggles at Kris’ own love-struck stupidity, and goddamn, Kris is going to implode because this angel -Tao- just got cuter.

 

Kris is currently having an internal battle with himself, one half of his brain making outdated windows error noises, and the other half a mess of words on proper social etiquette. And amidst his inner turmoil, he completely forgets to introduce himself in return.

 

“Um…I think this is the part where you tell me your name?” 

 

 There isn’t annoyance or unease in Tao’s voice, but a mix of amusement and even adoration. Tao can’t help but be amused because he’s never seen someone who could look so cute while looking extremely constipated while in deep thought.

 

Kris sputters for a few moments, releasing a mumbled oh my god I’m sorry before awkwardly coughing out “H-Hi, my name’s Kris.”

 

 And right as he gets to his name, his voice cracks. It fucking cracks like he’s going through puberty all over again, and at this point, Kris just wants to throw himself in a trash can.

 

He wouldn’t be surprised if Tao, this angel with a shit-ton of ear piercings and his kohl lined eyes, decided to sneer at him and throw him into the riot on the other side of the counter, and watch with that same