her head up to look down along the line of his back. Fuck, it was a sight to behold. Tense muscles, although pale, flexed with sharp rolls, until he began a blinding pace that forced her head to fall back so she could breathe. He released a shoulder to grasp one thigh, hitching it high and tight against him, opening her more so he could ground down harder.

 

She keened in his ear and tried to grab the headboard to help her with traction. It was pointless, so instead she dragged her nails down his back just as he hit the right spot that hitched her higher and higher and higher until she broke. Arching up, her whole body tensed. She couldn’t breathe. Her lungs just stopped altogether, which nearly caused her to black out. Spots tingled across her vision and just when she couldn’t take it, her ears picked up his voice.

 

The Enochian was rougher, and he allowed her one deep breath before latching his mouth to hers. With her last brain cell, she managed to reciprocate enough to give a last hard suck on his tongue and he was gone. His rhythm was lost immediately, and he grunted, tearing his mouth from hers to shout his release into the damp skin of her neck.

 

For several moments, he couldn’t stop the reflexive surge of his hips, and Maggie pulsed and tightened around him when he hit an over-sensitive spot. He hissed when it became too much, but he held fast to her when she tried to let him go. She lay back, content to wait. After several minutes of combing her fingers through his hair and calming her heart, he eventually slipped out, and shuffled down to rest his head on her breast, legs tangled with hers. They stayed that way for some time, until Maggie fell asleep.

 

She woke up alone, pleasantly sore, but aching. Two days later, a Demon told her that Gabriel was no longer in the picture, and hadn’t been for several days.


 


Lucifer had killed his brother.

 

Original Imagine: Imagine Lucifer is a virgin and wants you to be his first.

This is written in both third and second person for the DirtySupernaturalImagines blog on Tumblr.

Snippet:

“I never understood the practice of fornication.”

You could hear the disgust in his voice, and agreed with the emotion on principle for the situation. It was likely a passing couple, or a prostitute. And this motel was a dump. “Decided to talk now, have we? And it’s called sex.”

Just to reiterate: this is written in both third and second person for the DirtySupernaturalImagines blog on Tumblr. I don't usually read or write second person POV but I thought I would give it a try. Those for preference of either can just skip to that chapter as they wish.

This is beta read by the wonderful ZoyaSauce. I have edited by her suggestions and corrections, which means any and all mistakes are mine and mine alone by the end of the day, so I apologise if any of them throw you off reading. I try my best to catch them all.

Title: Being Human

Original Imagine: Imagine Lucifer is a virgin and wants you to be his first.

Author: ZonateBiscuit

Reader Gender: Female

Word count:  6,141 Roughly (I apologise, but it should be worth it).

Warnings: Some language, but we’re all adults here. I hope. Also, this is set after 5.19. This is important, but I won’t spoil it for the reader, but if you remember or look it up, something significant happens that has affected the characters in this scene even though it’s not blatantly mentioned straight away, just to give some insight into the POV’s. Finally, I wanted to add that I think a first time for an Angel would be more intense (both emotionally and physically) than I have portrayed here but I’ve already made it 6,000 words... I would imagine something like this would have a huge impact on Lucifer in any regard no matter what way you would write it, so I have done my best.


 


Also this is the second person POV. Third person POV is the previous chapter.

 


 


**










“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”



― C. JoyBell C.










“It’s called sleep.”

 

“Hilarious.”

 

You released a gusty, exhausted sigh that heated a tiny patch of your crappy motel pillow. Face mushed against it, you frowned, your eyes still firmly closed against the presence in the room. It was three in the morning (you only knew this because you had just finished a job and had collapsed, fully clothed, on top of the bed), and he was sucking all the heat out of the room. “It’s a thing humans do.”

 

He hummed. “I’m aware.”

 

You waited. He was still there. There was a feeling of