the temperature chilled, he was off to ride to the theatre the two agreed to meet at.

Both accustomed to arrival early or on time meant there was hardly any wait for Kinjou, and Fukutomi used every ounce of self-preservation to not send off some kind of goofy smile, or complement Kinjou’s glasses (because that would be weird and make the other uncomfortable right?) His mind was nervous and giddy even though they would be staring at a screen for an hour and a half instead of struggling with small talk.

“Hey,” Fukutomi said, his hands shaking due to nerves as he locked his bike to a secure post.

“I purchased our tickets already to avoid the rush,” Kinjou stated. His words so painfully dry that Fukutomi couldn’t look enthusiastic about the other treating him. This is not a date. This is not a date. This is not a date.

“Good idea.” His palms felt uncomfortably sweaty. “We have about ten minutes before the credits start rolling, do you want to hit up the concession stand?”

The other gave a nod, “Do you want butter on the popcorn?”

“It’s up to you, I’m not a huge fan of popcorn so I probably won’t eat much.”

Honestly Fukutomi didn’t want to share anything with Kinjou, he was afraid the opportunity to casually brush fingers like the main pairing in a cheesy romantic comedy would make him try something incredibly bold and incredibly stupid. There was an uncomfortable silence as they waited in line, and the silence threatened to continue until paying came up and Fukutomi instinctively reached for his wallet, only to see Kinjou do it as well.

A blush came with an awkward laugh, “I’m not going to let you pay for this too, Kinjou,” he warned, only half serious.

“I asked you to come so I’m going to treat you, Fukutomi,” the answer was so matter-of-fact that Fukutomi couldn’t think of a response, not to mention the small smile Kinjou had sent him left him momentarily paralyzed, unable to playfully nudge him or remember how to get his motor skills to work.


Maybe this is a date? Maybe I didn’t just make this up in my head? Damn it. I should have worn something nicer, his pants are probably pressed. Why didn’t I iron these jeans? Everything he does is so effortless...


A hand pressing against his back snapped him back to reality. “Let’s go find our seats, I enjoy watching the trailers.”

With a forced nod, Fukutomi allowed Kinjou’s palm to guide them to their seats. It is a date. It is a date. It is a date…right?


* * *


Even after almost two hours Fukutomi didn’t feel fully relaxed. His mind kept thinking about Kinjou and why exactly he insisted on treating him. Was he just falling into captain mentality and taking responsibility for all of the expenses? Fukutomi cursed his young heart, only a teenage boy would manage to fall in love with his rival…er- like. Fall in like.

“How did you like the movie? I thought Junpei was more likeable in the book, but generally it was equally enjoyable.”

“I liked it as well. I think they should have included the dove scene. That had been my favorite part of the series, so I’m disappointed about that. I think they’ll make a sequel if this one is successful.”

 “Yeah that would have been a great scene…hey Kinjou, by the way; I’m…really glad you invited me. I don’t know how…I mean, I really needed a break from responsibilities.”

“Anytime.”

“I don’t know anyone else who I would see it with either, were you the same way?” he sent a hopeful look that didn’t help hide the fact that he was already hopelessly in love. Alone on the quiet streets, it felt like the world had stopped turning as Fukutomi awaited an explanation that had been eating at him the entire day. He didn’t know why he didn’t consider Kinjou outright ignoring him, had he phrased it rudely? Fukutomi was quick to feel guilty, and his insides ate at him as Kinjou seemed slightly disappointed, but all Fukutomi could see was the other male as being offended.

“Sorry I didn’t mean to hint towards you not-“

“I asked you out,” Kinjou suddenly said, cutting off whatever nervous ramble that was bound to come spilling out of his mouth. Kinjou paused, grabbing each of Fukutomi’s shoulders before pressing the other male against the side of a building softly. “I was afraid you didn’t understand what this was when you answered so quickly originally, but; I asked you on a date, Juichi.”

“Actually, I had hoped it was Kin-“

There wasn’t a moment for Fukutomi to finish reacting to the other’s confession, the next thing he knew Kinjou had pressed their lips together and the motion caused Fukutomi to make an embarrassing moan