they saw him carrying this ridiculous gift bag he'd never live it down, and stuffed it inside his backpack. Iijima stopped worrying about how it'll look when he finally gave it.

"Hey, what took you so long?! Nase insisted we shouldn't order before you got here." Shindou hasn't changed at all, Iijima thought, amused. They were all there, Fukui, Isumi, Waya, Komiya, Honda, and even Ochi, looking terribly put out as he was squashed to one end of the booth.

"About time. I'm starved! We can finally line up now," Waya breathed, scrambling out of his chair. After taking their orders, the other boys left him and Nase alone.

"Hi!" Nase sounded harassed. "Glad you're finally here. When they found out you mailed me they insisted to come see you. They wanted to surprise you, so they practically confiscated my phone."

"It's - great to see them," he said, and it sounded lame to his ears. Nase beamed at him, expecting him to say more. He quickly added, "And now I'll hear about Waya's plans first-hand."

"Are you free on the twenty-fourth? Waya wants all the insei to stay overnight in a ryokan, for some hayago and Christmas cheer." Nase's smile widened to a grin at his expression. "Komiya says his mother's going to make nine by nine brownie boards with gingerbread pieces, and you get to eat all of the territory and pieces you win."

An edible go board. Sometimes the other insei could come up with inspired ideas. "I might be late - I have a mock exam until seven. They've picked a place already?"

"Well, Isumi and Honda listed down a few promising ones, but they're almost all booked through the season. Ochi says if we can't find one he'll ask his grandfather if we can party at his house, but that's our last resort. Shindou joked we could try Touya's, with the Meijin out of the country and all, but that's going to be weird, don't you think?"

It was going beyond weird; it would be surreal. He'd seen photographs of the intensely traditional household, and partying with Touya Akira was not high in his list of things to do before he died. "I'll help them to look for one. there's a ryokan near my cram school, and it looks decent."

"Hey, Iijima, here's your order." Waya was back, his tray heaped high with both their orders. Shindou was right behind him, and they began the task of seating nine people in a booth meant for six. Iijima sat between Waya and Nase, trying and failing to keep his arms and knees from bumping theirs as they ate. Waya had drawn a tsumego on a napkin, and he and Shindou were arguing about the solution.

"I thought the plan was to put the whole area in seki? You might let black escape with two eyes if back plays like this." And Hikaru drew a couple of loopy circles, numbering them with blocky text. Waya chewed on a fry as he pondered Hikaru's answer.

"Crap. I didn't see black five there. How about this?" He scribbled over three of Hikaru's moves. "If white three does this and follows up with that then you have a ko threat in your hands."

"Oh you're right, that would be wrong then. And what do you think about it, Iijima?" Shindou must've seen the thoughtful frown on his face.

ijima paused, caught off balance. He cleared his throat, and replied, "I saw this in a Korean tsumego book. The best first move should be right below Shindou's solution."

"Really?" Shindou looked unfazed at being corrected. "I thought about that, but if white attaches to the left of that then you can be caught by a pincer here. Argh, it's hard to show you what I meant without a go board."

"Here," Komiya offered a tiny magnetic one, and they fumbled to set the problem up with the miniscule pieces. Iijima showed the solution, and Shindou and Waya was listening to his explanation when Ochi butted in.

"Oh, I saw that answer already during my tutoring with Touya," he said. "He didn't need to look at the solution at the back of the book. He explained it to me, and I got it."

"Well, it seems your rival's stronger than you, Shindou," Waya teased. Shindou bristled immediately.

"Hey, he had people who are practically go sages teaching him to play go since he was two. I started when I was twelve, and give me a year, I'll be beating him in official games, see if I don't!"

As Waya and Shindou quickly degenerated to an argument, Isumi seeked Iijima's attention.