, shaking the lad. 

He lunches forward, dropping his staff and falling to the floor to wrap himself around Bae, wrenching him from his mother’s grasp. Scooting backward, Rumpelstiltskin somehow finds his voice. “Stop! Milah stop! What happened here?!”

Milah turns on him like a rapid hound scenting a quarry. “What happened? What happened is your son knocked over the only milk we are getting this month! He’s ruined the entire thing lock, stock, and barrel!”

Bae sobs in his arms and Rumpelstiltskin suddenly understands. Baelfire must have tried to pour himself a treat and an accident had ensued. “Milah…please. He’s just a lad and…” 

“He’s old enough to understand that we’re poor isn’t he, huh?” Milah’s eyes are wet with frustrated tears and blazing with fury,” He’s old enough to understand what is it to go hungry isn’t he? He’s old enough, by far Rumpelstiltskin. Old enough not to be coddled by his coward father, that’s for certain. You keep this up, he’s going to end up just like you. I need a damned drink.”

The door slams behind her and Bae lets out a fresh wail. “I’m sorry Papa! I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to!” 

Heart shattering, Rumpelstiltskin wraps his arms even tighter around Bae, rocking his boy, shushing him. “Oh Bae it’s alright. It’s alright. It was just an accident lad. Just an accident.”  Instinctively cupping his head, Rumpelstiltskin pulls Baelfire against his shoulder, still rocking. As Bae’s sobs slowly grow quieter, Rumpelstiltskin softly sings what’s become their own, private song. “I’ll love you forever. I’ll like you for always. As long as I’m living, my baby you’ll be.” 

                                                                                                                                    …. 

 

“Bae?” 

The hovel is eerily silent.  

Baelfire’s just reached his ninth summer and Rumpelstiltskin felt confident in leaving the lad alone for the afternoon to go to market. He’d made good progress selling his wares with no young child distracting him but now he can’t locate said child and his heart is about to burst out of his chest.  

“Bae!” he limps forward, dropping his basket, “Bae! Where are you boy? Bae!”

“I’m here Papa.” 

Rumpelstiltskin whips around. His son is huddled in the corner, wrapped in a duvet. He keeps his face down. 

“Bae! You frightened the life out of me, boy,” the spinner limps closer, heartbeat slowly returning to normal.  Bae doesn’t answer and still doesn’t life his face. “What’s wrong then? Are you feeling ill?” 

The lad finally lifts his face and Rumpelstiltskin draws a sharp breath. Baelfire’s face is wet with tears. 

“I’m sorry Papa,” Bae scrubs at his face, “I…I just…I really miss Mama right now,” the boy whispers. He ducks his head again, apparently ashamed. 

“Oh Bae,” Rumpelstiltskin hobbles over to his corner, cursing that horrific pirate to the seventh circle of hell and back. Bae deserves his mother. Bae deserves the world. But he can’t have it because of that fucking dog maturating as a man. “I’m so sorry lad,” he sinks down and puts his arm around his boy. 

Bae leans against him. “I shouldn’t cry about it anymore,” he sniffles. “I’m nine. I’m too old for that.” 

Rumpelstiltskin shakes his head. “You’re never too old Bae to miss the people you love,” he mummers. “And you’ll never be too old to ask me for anything, I promise you that.” The next words come easily, what had to be a hundred times, “I’ll love you forever. I’ll like you for always. As long as I’m living, my baby you’ll be.” 

                                                                                                                                          …..

“Happy birthday Bae,” he whispers, lighting the wee candle. 

The flickering light illuminates the worn shawl lying on the work table. All he has left of his son. His baby. 

‘For now,’ the Dark One thinks tightly, refusing to let him mind wander down dark paths. Only for now. Soon he will find his son. They will be reunited, it can’t be much longer. And he will never, ever let him go again. 

“To many years to count Bae. But I’ve counted every one,” he rasps softly. Reaching out, he strokes Bae’s soft shawl. His fifth birthday present. It was a practical gift, a plain woolen wrap for the cold but oh, Bae’s reaction! Eye’s popping, he’d flung himself at Rumpelstiltskin, too young to take heed of his father’s injury. It hadn’t mattered. He’d gathered his son close, hugging him for all he was worth. He should