as normal; seemed to them to be slower and more deliberate. Within seconds they were facing only Meilyr and his two remaining men. Arthur managed to look over to where he had last seen Merlin and nearly dropped his sword in dismay.

The fighting had not deterred the manservant and he was now standing in front of Dera, dagger in hand and seemingly about to strike her. Aerona stood beside him, forcing him on with her honeyed words of evil.

"Merlin, don't" Arthur left Gwaine to deal with the remaining men without thinking. All he knew was he had to stop this from happening. He could not let Merlin kill the woman he loved.

Arthur knew that Merlin had never been best able to cope with the guilt of killing, even of a stranger during battle. So there was no way he would deal with being the person who murdered Dera.

Thoughts rushed through Arthur's brain as he ran; confused feelings of guilt and fear. If only he could stop Merlin committing this act, perhaps it would in some way make up for what he had done to Freya. Even go some way towards Merlin being able to forgive him. But even if it didn't, he still had to try. For Merlin's sake. He had to do all he could to protect his friend from the horror and distress such an act would bring. He had to try and save the future Merlin deserved.

As these thoughts raced through his head Arthur had reached Merlin and had grabbed his hand, the one holding the dagger.

"No Merlin, you must not do this. Please stop." Arthur was pleading with his friend. But all to no avail. Merlin's hand did not stop; it put pressure on Arthurs as they fought for supremacy. The King had both hands up now, trying to force Merlin to drop the dagger but the young manservant seemed to have supernatural strength and Arthur could not prevail. And still Merlin did not look at or acknowledge the presence of the desperate man at his side; there was no recognition of his friend.

Aerona had moved slightly to one side as Arthur had come charging up towards Dera and Merlin. She was still holding her spell but had not wanted to get in the way of a sword thrust. Now she was just enjoying the drama playing out before her. She delighted in the growing despair of the King as he fought to stop the young man.

The dagger touched Dera's throat and a small bead of blood appeared on her skin. Arthur clutched at the blade, his hand cut deeply as the sharp metal sliced through his skin. But still he did not let go. The King forced his face in front of Merlin's and looked him straight in the eyes. And almost recoiled with horror – for they were as black as a condemned soul. Desperate, Arthur knew he was losing the battle and tried one last forlorn plea to try and reach the man he once knew.

"Please Merlin. " For the first time in his life the King begged, with every ounce of feeling and emotion in his heart. "Merlin, please don't do this. I am sorry for what I did, for killing Freya. I am so sorry."

Nothing, no response.

"Merlin, forgive me my friend." Despair clung to every word the King uttered, failure stalked him.

But suddenly the pressure Merlin was exerting seemed to lessen and Arthur felt the young man's head turn towards him, a bewildered expression crossing his face; confusion and a look of almost recognition flashed for a moment in his eyes. Not knowing how he had finally managed to at least begin to reach Merlin, Arthur desperately tried to take advantage of this change in the man's behaviour. He grabbed Merlin's shoulders and dragged him a few inches away from Dera. Shaking him bodily Arthur opened his mouth to speak...

A searing pain swept through Arthur's head, blinding spikes of agony and then nothing as he fell insensible to the ground. Distracted from the fighting by his struggle with Merlin, Arthur had lost sight of the attackers and had been felled by a vicious blow to the head from the hilt of Meilyr's sword.

XXX

Somewhere deep within him Merlin knew that something was wrong, that he was not in control. There was a woman's voice was telling him what to do, it was simple. All he had to do was kill the girl kneeling in front of him and then the woman would be happy and he could sleep. For he was so very, very tired. Just moving was taking so much effort, his limbs heavy and his actions slow. Just this one small thing and it would all be over, he would be allowed to rest...but there was something. Something stopping him and he did not understand what it was. A faint whisper, an echo from the past seemed to be hovering at the edge of his consciousness...but he did as he was told and ignored it.

He had the knife at the girl's throat, such a simple task, one slice and it would be over.