of Kyungsoo’s tongue swirling around his thumb, at the wet sound of him sucking it further into his mouth. Sucking it like he could be with other things, Baekhyun thinks with overwhelming frustration.

“Tease,” Baekhyun murmurs accusingly, pulling his thumb back out and wiping it across Kyungsoo’s lips, leaving them shiny with spit.

“I want to appreciate your dick, not choke on it,” comes Kyungsoo’s retort.

Baekhyun chuckles, still feeling sort of giddy despite how wrecked he is. “You like it that much?” he says. “That why you’re taking your time, Kyungsoo?”

A sigh. “What do you want me to say?” His hand finally moves up from the base to stroke Baekhyun’s cock slowly. He kisses the tip again, keeps it pressed to his lower lip as he says, “That I’ve been wanting to do this since the first time I saw your cock? Maybe I have. It’s—” He flicks his tongue out, giving the head the tiniest lick at first, then a longer, broader one. “Fuck, it’s so pretty,” he murmurs, breathy and slightly hoarse. “Why does all of you have to be so fucking pretty, Baekhyun?”

No one’s ever called his dick pretty, but there’s a first time for everything. He watches, open-mouthed and panting, as Kyungsoo nuzzles his cock, letting it drag against his cheek. And yes, maybe it is a little pretty, but only against Kyungsoo’s red face and wet, shining lips.

When Kyungsoo finally takes Baekhyun’s cock into his mouth, the suddenness of it makes Baekhyun feel like he’s had the wind knocked out of him. Kyungsoo sinks down a little further, and Baekhyun feels and sees him gag before pulling back again so the head lays on his tongue. Baekhyun’s fingers curl around Kyungsoo’s neck, still resisting the urge to grab and push and pull.

There’s no bobbing. Kyungsoo just goes back to jerking Baekhyun off languidly, mouth wrapped around his cock like he’s just keeping it warm or something. Or… savoring it, maybe. It brings to mind Kyungsoo’s words from just a moment ago: I want to appreciate your dick, not choke on it. And soon enough, Kyungsoo pulls back again to kiss and suck on the tip once more, his lips looking slightly swollen and beautiful.

Baekhyun groans. “This would make… such a great picture,” he says. “You look so good, Soo. So fucking good.”

Kyungsoo pulls away to laugh dryly, licking his lips and swallowing back his spit. The hand that isn’t wrapped around Baekhyun’s dick moves to one of his thighs, massaging it. “Yeah, what a harmless picture to have around,” he mutters. “Imagine if that leaked.”

“Worth it,” says Baekhyun. He clamps his mouth shut to stifle a moan at the feeling of Kyungsoo’s thumb rubbing his balls through his underwear. “Jesus, can I please get naked now?”

Kyungsoo just stares for a second, lips parted wordlessly, then nods. “Yeah, that’s probably—yeah, okay.” He lets his hands fall away and sits back on his heels.

Between pulling his shirt over his head and tugging his boxer briefs down his legs, Baekhyun catches a glimpse of Kyungsoo with a hand down the front of his own underwear, cock peeking out over the waistband as he strokes himself. And something about that image—Kyungsoo’s heated gaze, bottom lip sucked into his mouth as he watches Baekhyun undress; Kyungsoo touching himself, hard just from playing with Baekhyun’s dick, from touching and tasting him—makes Baekhyun feel dizzy with want.

“Come on,” Baekhyun manages, tossing his underwear somewhere to the side. He scoots back on the bed, moving further and further until he hits the pillows. The sheets against his bare skin are cloud-like in their softness. “Up here,” he says, patting the mattress. “Don’t wanna hurt your knees.”

Kyungsoo laughs again and climbs onto the bed, crawling toward Baekhyun on hands and knees. What a beautiful sight, Baekhyun thinks.

“So considerate,” says Kyungsoo, grinning as he seats himself between Baekhyun’s legs.

“Yeah, what can I say.” Baekhyun’s hand trails to his dick. He squeezes, strokes up, watches how Kyungsoo’s eyes glaze over a little. “I’m a giving soul,” he drawls, dropping his hand again. Then, before Kyungsoo can lean down: “Wait. Take your clothes off.”

He expects Kyungsoo to argue, for some reason, but he pulls his shirt off without complaint, then shimmies out of his boxers. Baekhyun gives him a once-over, eyes dragging along Kyungsoo’s body, slim with soft curves and so incredibly, wonderfully naked. The trail of hair leading down his navel to his erection is a little breathtaking, somehow. Baekhyun kind of wants to lick it.

It’s