him all the time, wanted him to be close…

“Yamaguchi!”

The pinch server almost jumped out of his skin and turned his head to focus on Daichi.

“Go get changed, hurry up.”

He nodded, and disappeared to the changing rooms, heart still heavy in his chest. When he rejoined the group, he was handed a red bib and he joined the team.

Eventually, he managed to lose his head to the game, focusing entirely on the ball and his team.

Yamaguchi found his heart dropping when after what seemed like only minutes, Daichi called for a break. Looking up at the clock, he realised that an hour had passed already. Making his way over to the rest of the group, he picked up a water bottle, taking quick gulps.

“Yamaguchi,” Sugawara whispered his name, stood to the side of him. “Is everything alright?”

Yamaguchi looked at him, and blinked. He watched Sugawara drop a tablet into his water bottle, letting it dissolve before he drunk quickly. Suppressants. Sugawara was still in heat.

“I’m… fine. My head is just a little full.” He offered a small smile, but it must have come off as a grimace, because Sugawara didn’t look convinced.

Without needing to be told, Yamaguchi followed Sugawara as they headed to the edge of the group taking drinks.

“What’s going on? You look like you’re struggling with something. I don’t want to push you to tell me if you don’t want to, but I’m here if you need an ear, or some advice.”

“I see in colour.” Yamaguchi blurted it out before he could think. He shook a little, and looked down.

“I don’t see how that’s a problem, Yamaguchi. You met your soul mate. That’s a good thing, isn’t it?”

Yamaguchi took a breath before looking up at Sugawara.

“Tsukishima and I have been best friends since elementary school. We’ve always been close friends, or rather, I was close with him, and he wasn’t so close with me. When we were 15, he finally seemed to settle with it. He called me his best friend, gave me a small smile. He trusted me completely.”

He stopped talking and Sugawara gave a small smile and nodded at him, letting him know it was okay to carry on talking.

“When… When Tsukki said that… my sight blossomed into colour. I finally saw his blond hair, his golden brown eyes, the pale pink of his lips. I felt… I was happy. But I didn’t tell him, because I didn’t want to spook him. The same didn’t seem to happen for him. I could feel his basic emotions, but I couldn’t feel anything further than that. I couldn’t hear him in my head.”

Yamaguchi paused a little, wiping at some stray tears that were trying to fall down his face.

“Last night, when we were walking home, he said something and… he admitted he didn’t see in colour.”

“Because the moon is white, and I know it’s white in colour. My eyes don’t lie to me. It’s not a dark, dreary grey, like a depression covering the world... I like looking at the moon because… for a moment, I feel like I can belong… I can lie to myself and tell myself I can see in colour, even if for a brief moment.”

Tsukishima’s words echoed around Yamaguchi’s head, and the tears came, hard. Yamaguchi couldn’t stop them from slipping down his face. From behind him, Daichi called for them to carry on, and then called the duo to join.

Sugawara held his hand up, mouthing that they’d be there soon before he turned to Yamaguchi.

“Yamaguchi, I can’t promise anything, but I can tell you this. When I first saw Daichi, before I even knew his name, the world blossomed into colour around me. I saw his face in colour, saw everything around me, and I thought that he was going through the same thing; but I couldn’t hear anything from him. I could only feel what he was feeling in that moment, and it was only simple emotions.”

Yamaguchi looked up, eyes wide. Sugawara gave him a bright smile as he continued.

“It took Daichi until our second year here for his sight to blossom. He wasn’t ready for a soul mate bond when we first met. He needed to develop and grow still, but he got there. Tsukishima isn’t quite… he doesn’t seem to be ready for it all. I’ve heard him talk about of the hierarchy; he doesn’t accept it. He can’t stand it in the world… Give him time. Now he’s going through his first heat, he’ll start accepting it more.”

Sugawara smiled again and patted Yumaguchi’s