enough. I get it, you know. I get that I’m the weakest link here. You needed five paladins, and where were you going to get another one in the middle of space? The blue lion accepted me in order to get the others here where they were needed. Hah, it’s kind of funny. I was always just the cargo pilot, only this time the cargo was the paladins of Voltron. Just delivering what was needed from one place to another.

“But hey, it’s okay! Allura, I bet you’re doing a great job with the blue lion. She could use someone so strong and stable like you. And you’re a great fighter, and great leader, and...I’m Lance. I’m the one who tells jokes and flirts and gets stabbed and blown up. And I got you where you needed to be, so my job is done, right?”

“Lance, that’s not true-”

“Yes, Shiro, it is.” Lance moved to stand up, no longer concerned with being caught or running out of time. Being hunched over, however, had pushed his stomach in, and stretching out felt like his skin was being ripped open. Lance cried out in pain and fell to the cold, metal floor.

“Lance! What’s wrong?” Keith sounded wildly concerned, which seemed out of character. Keith of all people was supposed to agree, say that Lance wasn’t needed. He wasn’t supposed to be concerned.

Lance choked out a humorless laugh. “Hah, see, the thing about the whole castle losing power is that the cryopods shut down, too. Turns out it didn't really get to finish patching me up.” Lance’s voice was breaking now, sad and pained. Tears were starting to stream down his face, and there was no point in fighting them back anymore. It was over.

“Shiro, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I keep messing up. I’m sorry I got stabbed. You’re such a great leader, and I love you guys, all of you, really. But I just...I can’t do this anymore. It hurts so bad. The castle is taken, and I can’t fight off druid magic.” Blood was darkening his flight suit now. “I tried really hard to be what you needed, and it was great flying with you guys, and fighting with you. I got to play the hero I always wanted to be. But I can’t do it anymore. I can’t. I’m sorry.”

Silence. 

Lance choked on his breath, something between a cough and a sob. Really, what was he expec-

“It’s okay, Lance.”

Lance sniffed in a breath, sure he heard wrong. What?”

“It’s okay if you can’t do it. You fought hard. You did what you could.”

“Shiro, you don’t really mean that. Voltron is everything to you. You’re supposed to tell me that I can, that there’s still a fight, that I can do it.”

“Well, if I said that, would you believe me?”

Lance pondered that for a second. Shiro was a great leader, and so wise, but… “No.”

“So really, telling you that wouldn’t do much. You’re allowed to not be okay, or to be afraid, or in pain. I know it’s hard. We all know it’s hard, and we know what it feels like to not be okay. We’re so proud of you for trying. I don’t know why you think we’re going to kick you off the team. You’re our family now. We’re all so far from home...we’re all each other has now.” Shiro actually chuckled. “Honestly, if you wanted to leave, I don’t think I’d let you. When Pidge wanted to leave, I said I couldn’t do anything to stop that. If someone wanted to leave, they could. A team forced to be together won’t accomplish anything. But…”

He sighed, his voice sounding much softer and more fond. “I’m so glad everyone is still here. I know what I said, but I don’t think I could really let it happen. I think I knew Pidge would stay, in the end. Or at least, I really really hoped. And it worked out. So yeah, I know I said you could leave, but I don’t want you to. None of us want you to. You could be sitting in the castle all day while Allura pilots the blue lion and I’d just be happy that you were there. We don’t have much out here. Losing you would feel like losing part of myself.”

Lance tried to collect himself, to stop crying, but that seemed impossible.