to get worse now that he’s famous.  He separated himself from us for years but he opened up to you boys the first week he met you.  He’ll open up eventually, I know it; just don’t rush it, just let him do it when he’s ready.  I know you boys care about him so I’m asking you to please take care of him.  This world can be a cruel place.” Doniya had stated when she pulled the four of them away from her two younger sisters.  It was quiet for a moment as the boys all thought of what they would say until Niall spoke, his eyes burning with determination.

“We’ll be here for him just like always.  That’s a promise.”

xxx

The next two months had passed by in a blur for the boys, not that this was unusual.

A few weeks after his father was allowed home was when Zayn finally spoke, asking Liam to pass the salt (Louis ended up dropping his glass in shock and his water spilt all over Niall’s lap).  Zayn apologized severely for his sudden silence, as if his choice to be mute was selfish.  It took hours to reassure him that if he still wanted to be a mute, then he was more than welcome to.  His mental health mattered more to them then what Modest thought, more than what the world thought.

Overtime Zayn began to open up again, speaking his mind, even when nobody asked him to.  His voice could be heard when he would scold Harry for wearing those bandanas 24/7, or when he would plan pranks on the others with Louis, his partner in crime.  Eventually he began to speak again in interviews, which the fans absolutely enjoyed.  Everything was starting to become normal again, and all of the boys were grateful.

However, there were times when Zayn went back to his quiet, reserved self.

xxx

“Yeah, I just finished up with my solo.  Okay, yeah, see you in a bit, love you.” Zayn smiled as he pocketed his phone, leaning against one of the walls of the studio as he waited for Liam to come pick him up.  He had been so excited about getting his license that he had jumped at the idea of picking up Zayn instead of one of their guards.  Even though the drive was only a few minutes since the boys were residing at a hotel nearby (luckily nobody knew where they were so they were yet to be mobbed).

“Hey, thanks for coming on such short notice, we just needed to get a few more vocals before the weekend.  Have a goodnight, yeah?” Zayn nodded as one of their several vocal coaches left the studio, leaving him with Richard, the new intern in the studio.  Richard reminded him of Harry; both were unusually tall with bright green eyes and horrible jokes up their sleeves.  He looked up when he heard someone cough and smiled when he saw it was just Richard.

“There’s this new bar opening a few blocks from here.  I was wondering if you’d like to check it out?” Zayn hesitated before shaking his head.

“Liam wanted to watch some movies at home, and Harry isn’t really-“

“No, I meant alone.  Like, just you and me.” Richard was walking up to him now, getting too close for Zayn’s liking.  He mentally cursed at himself for standing against the wall since Richard had now placed his hands on each side of Zayn’s head, effectively trapping him.  The smaller boy began to shake with fear, scared on where Richard was going to take this.  He could easily force Zayn into anything, and it seemed like they both knew that as Richard smirked down at him.

“C’mon, I think the boys can share for just tonight, hm?” Zayn could only shake his head, nonono I don’t want this.  His throat felt tight, as if someone had a strong grip on it, restricting him from using his voice.  Richard didn’t seem to care about his silence, most likely pleased that Zayn wasn’t going to scream for help.

“It’s alright love, don’t be scared.  I don’t bite too hard.” Richard teased with a wicked smirk that made Zayn cringe.  He tried to get further away from Richard, but his back only pushed into the wall harder, only separating them by a few centimeters.  Richard was just starting to bend down, his lips only inches from his collar bone, when he was suddenly pulled back, falling to the floor with a heavy grunt.  Zayn looked up to see Liam standing above Richard, his fists clenched to his sides as he glared down at the man.

“Don’t you ever lay another finger on him, understood?” Though Richard was taller than Liam, it was obvious that Liam would win if it came down to a fight.  He nodded his head quickly, getting up from the floor and racing out of the room.  Liam watched him go, his veins popping out and his jaw clenched tightly.  Once he was