Remus paused and held out his timid eleven-year old hand.

-Lupin, Remus Lupin.

-Black, Sirius Black. The face sneered. Remus shifted uncomfortably on the bench, and slowly withdrew his hand.

The Gryffindor table roared up again as MacDonald, Mary joined them.

On the way back from his dad's funeral he had to pass through London to check in with the International Floo Network office at the Dept. of Magical Transportation for clearance to depart to the German networks. A spurt of nostalgia took him after two shots of firewhiskey, and he wandered around in Diagon Alley, peering into all the shops.

And there he learned not for the first time that it is always a mistake to walk into Flourish and Blotts unless you wanted specific items from a checklist, because you are always at risk of the kind of drivel that passed for circulation in the British wizarding world, bearing titles like: A RETROSPECTIVE OF THE POTTERS—Who were the parents of the boy who lived? And in the dusty room of that little shop he might not have the aplomb to contain himself, and he might even open the book, to the center pages in fact, where purloined or confiscated photographs of the Potters and their childhood friends grinned out of the glossy pages.

Sullen, bright eyes. The symmetric face of a patrician boy. Through the half-faded Polaroid Remus looked at the cold and polite mouth in the process of bursting into a smile, turning to his left to gaze upon James Potter, sixteen, his almost twin, both dressed like teenage Muggle boys in the summer faience streets. The beautiful Sirius face graded into the photograph and peered out of his memories.

He held the camera. It was one of many afternoons when James and Sirius (who lived with him by then) Flooed into Diagon Alley and wandered the streets of Muggle London because there was nothing to do and we might as well have been Muggle ourselves, the way they treat us, Sirius said. Perhaps even in those verbatim words, Remus can't remember. He and Peter had been called upon with one excuse or another, and he joined them gladly.

Sirius was steadfast in his collection of Muggle objects and the Polaroid was a relatively new inductee. Here, take one of me and Jamesie, he said, looking at Remus laughingly. He put his arm around James's shoulder. Remus affected an oft-put-upon sigh and tried not to feel like the third wheel in their impenetrable closeness. James waggled his eyebrows. Peter looked on.

CLACK and then the poly-dentate sound of gears turning.

Remus, though he's never worked one before, held the glossy piece of paper by the corner and shook it like he knew what he was doing.

Sirius grabbed it. Not bad, he commented and needless to say he was referring to himself. Does my hair always look like that? James chimed in.

By the time they left school it had ended up in Sirius's box of things he kept under the bed, a seemingly unorganized but exhaustive repository of collective memory, though Remus knows it is in fact well-ordered by a complicated charm of Sirius's own devise. Did the photograph already know, then, that of his friends one he would betray, one he would murder, and one he would completely destroy? Did it know, already, what he would do to the boy next to him, the man he loved better than anyone? Remus didn't know whether it was seized by the MLE office or had passed through the acquisitive hands of gossip columnists or failed historians. He just felt his insides hollow out, like some invisible part of himself was trying to leap into being, to reveal itself.

 

 

6.

 

One way Remus spots other incognito wizards is by ink stains on their hands. Quill and well are messy objects, requiring the scrupulous management of hand and wrist in their planetary motion around words. Plus, some magical ink can be quite difficult to remove without concentrating on your scouring charm.

Reluctantly, Remus will admit that his hand has a lot to say about himself. On the first knuckle of his right index finger Remus has a thick inked callus, twinned in the pad of his thumb, born of years of bending over some parchment or another with his chicken feather nibs. The contusion on the dorsal side of his palm is from a time during fourth year when he bit away a part of his hand while transformed, and it never grew back quite right. On the fleshy inside of his index finger there is a thin pale scar, unnoticeable unless he pointed to it, a thin dotted semicircle, two silver inches swimming in his skin.

Remus has the habit of leaving his hands in his pockets.

When Remus moved to the flat in London (bequeathed by Sirius's uncle in secret) it was contingent on the necessity for vigilance and support incurred when two people were members of a resistance cell hiding from a ruthless and militant faction who opposed them ideologically and despised them personally.

It was a suite of rooms in Chelsea in a set of flats built in the Victorian era in "the late eighties,"