included.”

As the night stretched on, Bakugou and Kirishima continued taking shots, Bakugou for the record and Kirishima to make sure he doesn’t get to the whole bottle, but also to stop thinking about how cute he was. Kaminari gave up after so many shots, saying someone had to at least call a cab back. They had fun for a while, before Bakugou noticed Kirishima was keeping up with his drinking.

“Kirishima! Kekkon shiyou!”

Kaminari giggled, making wide gestures with his hands. “Heck. You serious about that?” Bakugou nodded, curling his hands into fists. “Are you trying to say 'lets fight' in japanese? kenka shiyou?” Kirishima asked. Bakugou’s eyes blurred, and he shook his head. Being hopeless as he was, Kirishima just took it as it was.
“Read online about a priest nearby for that, imma call him.” Kaminari informed, punching in a number into his phone. “you two want a place for that too? Can rent a room.” He added. Bakugou’s eyes lit up at the suggestion, and he repeated his earlier boost. “Kekkon Shiyou!”

let’s get married!.

 

Kirishima closed his mouth, opening it again with no word coming out. “Are you being for real right now?”
Bakugou growled, blushing and flopping down onto the bed. This was unbelievable. Infuriating. Impossible. There had to be a law about these sort of things.
Turns out, there wasn’t. There was a rule about the time they had to wait before divorcing, though, and that took time, effort and money they don’t have.
This whole thing was a mess.

 

The moment the the conversation ended, Kirishima got a call from his sister. Not all that unusual, but considering the circumstances it was pretty unnerving.

“WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL US YOU GOT MARRIED?” She shouted as soon as he answered her call. “You can’t just post pictures like that on your Facebook out of nowhere! Mom’s sobbing in the kitchen, they’re really excited to meet that guy.”

Kirishima deadpanned. “Oh no. Oh no, no no-“ he was then cut off by his father’s voice, who had probably taken the phone from her. “You are in trouble, Eijirou. We were supposed to be in that wedding, your mother had been planning it since you were seventeen.” At this he cringed, finding that fact more off-putting than them believing he got hitched. 

“listen, dad, I’m not really married, I mean I am, but it's temporary,” his thoughts a mess, he was failing at explaining it all.
“Come on now Eijirou, have some faith. Be confident, that guy agreed, yeah?” he chuckled when Eijirou mumbled something about being out of his right mind, and his laughter almost made it a little bit better. “We’re expecting you this weekend. Don’t you dare bail on us.”

Kirishima hung up, turning to Bakugou who was there next to him, massaging his temples. He was surprisingly quiet during the call, unwilling to deal with Kirishima’s family more than the redhead did.

“What do I do?” Kirishima asked nervously, answered with a deep sigh. “Your sister said something about Facebook. If we’re on there, we’re pretty much fucked.”
He proceed to open the app on his phone, wincing at the pictures. 

“Let me see!” Kirishima boasted, looking over his shoulder. There were about 120 pictures, from different stages of last night’s marriage process, and a status change from single to married. On the last photo were the two of them in the hotel room, Kirishima holding yet another alcohol bottle away from the other and smiling like he was at least a bit mad. Bakugou was wrapped around him, one hand reaching for the bottle from behind Kirishima’s back, and the other holding the phone to take the selfie. Their faces were close, and they both were definitely blushing.

It got worse when he saw the comments.
“Dude did your mom reply to every photo? What’d she say?” he asked with a sudden panic. Her last comment made it seem like she was planning to pay him a visit, if not to come there at that moment and drag him home by the ear. Bakugou squinted, glaring hard. “Fucking hag, not minding her business.”
“Well you could just give her a call.” Kirishima suggested. “Fuck that, she’ll never let this go.” He replied, standing up and opening the window with the intention of throwing out his phone. “Wait dude, no!” He attempted, jumping to snatch up the phone and put it in a safe place. “Step one of problem solving, face the problem, don’t avoid.”

It was then that his phone rang, again. “I see you’re up!” Yaoyorozu's voice sounded cheerful over the phone. She was in charge of the mixed dorms Kirishima