Enforcer Tojo, pay attention,” Sonoda frowns at me.

 “Ah, right, on the job now, ‘kay.”

 “The woman was seen running towards Kanda Shrine, but we don’t know her exact location. We must take her into custody without causing any commotion. Use of Dominator is allowed as instructed by Sybil.”

 Some sort of cart comes out of the van, its blue lines glowing dimly under the darkening sky. Dominator. A.k.a Sybil’s eyes. I take the Dominator in my hand, dim blue light enters my view as a voice I know all too well begins to speak, “Dominator Portable Psychcological Diagnosis and Suppression System has been activated. User authentication, Enforcer Nozomi Tojo. Affiliation: Public Safety Bureau, Criminal Investigation-” 

 “We’ll take separate courses.”

 “-Department. Dominator usage approval confirmed. You are a valid user. Current enforcement mode is Non-Lethal Paralyzer. Aim calmly and disable the target.”

 “Enforcer Tojo!” Sonoda yells,“Pay attention! Ayase, round the shrine with Tojo from the other sides. I’ll cover the shrine’s field. Do not cause any commotion.”

 Understood, Inspector, is Ayase’s only reply before she smacks me in the shoulder and says, “let’s go, Tojo.”

 

Comments are highly appreciated.

The chase continues.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

“I’ll go to the right, to Kagoso Shrine, so you go-”

 “To the left, passing Kobunecho Yakumo Shrine. How about we meet at the back of the Honden?”

 Her eyes widen in confusion. “What’s a Honden?”

 “The big building behind the offertory box.”

 “Ah, okay then. You know how the Dominator works?”

“Aim and shoot. Of course I know.” With that, Ayase dashes to the right, galloping like a horse after the finish line. Oh well. Who’s up for some running? I smirk to myself and run to the left.

 

  

I look to my left. A poplar tree. I look to my right. Another poplar tree. I swear there weren’t these many trees back then. I round the small yard before in front of the shrine. Not a soul is there. Well, this shrine is just a minor shrine, and with the gloomy cloud up there, nobody’s going here. Might as well meet up with her. I take my wristcom and whisper, “Muse 5 here, no sign of target.”

 “Copy that, Muse 5. Muse 1, do you copy?”

 “Copy that, Zeus 1.”

 Gosh, the callsign is so lame. I rush my pace, just a turn to the right get to the meeting place when I hear some shouts. Isn’t that Ayase’s voice?

 “You there! Stop running! You look pale, you know?”

 “What is it to you?!”

 I decide to enjoy the show and stop just before the turn.

 “You might get sick, that’s why!”

 “Stop saying that!”

 Really, Ayase? All those cool demeanor and that’s all you can say? Their footsteps are getting closer.

 “You might faint anytime!”

 “ Go away, you nuts!”

 Goodness gracious, Ayase. That’s the worst pick up line I’ve ever heard. Maybe this is the time for Enforcer Tojo to appear? I walk to my right, Dominator hidden on my back, casually saying, “Soo.. Let’s just stop this tag game and... talk, little miss?”

 Ayase is obviously surprised to see me, and the one being chased changes her course abruptly. I fasten my pace, trying to corner her around Kagoso Shrine. I hope Ayase realizes my plan.

 We chase her again, and after I’m within earshot, I yell, “I believe ya do have something to talk about, little miss?”

 “There is nothing to talk about! You’re gonna put me in the rehab! I’m not going there!”

 “Oh but we don’t have to do that, you know.” She slows down a little, and that’s enough for me to know that she is considering it.

 “Nobody that enters rehab comes back outside! That fact I know!”

 “It’s not such a bad place despite the rumors, ya know...”

 She turns around while running, eyes looking at me frantically, not realizing that a wall is just 3 meters away from her. Nice lilac eyes you got there, missy. Now run faster and hit the wall!

 “In fact, I just got out from the rehab-” 2 more meters. Yes, keep going and kiss the wall!

 “-and here I am chasing you,” I smirk. Yes, yes, yes kiss the wall, little miss.

 A loud thud can be heard. The girl falls to the groud, light brown bang covering her eyes.

 Ayase crouches and checks on her breath. “Still breathing. Khorosho.” She stands up and sighs. “Thanks for the help, Tojo