the bedding. She sat up finally, and said, "The lights are on."

"Beloved," said Teyla again. "Water, please."

Elizabeth blinked at her slowly, then got up and left the room. She returned with a small mug.

"Help me up," said Teyla. Elizabeth blinked, and then pulled her back and up at the hips again, until Teyla was sitting with her legs underneath her, which was less uncomfortable than trying to sit up by herself would have been. She took the mug of water from Elizabeth and drank all of it, much too fast, and was glad she hadn't been given more. She wasn't sure she would have stopped before she got sick. "Thank you."

"Sweetness," muttered Elizabeth, and dropped a kiss on the top of her head. "Food?"

"Yes." For the first time in three days, Teyla felt hungry.

Elizabeth re-read the report. They had, once again, made contact with the Genii, made a bad deal with a rebel, been betrayed, and nearly lost everything. She opened the next file, a letter she'd been working on, considering for over a year. She looked up at a knock on her door. "John? Aren't you still off-duty?"

He nodded, but said, "Don't do it."

She thought about faking ignorance, asking what he was talking about. Instead she said, "I can't do this anymore."

He crossed his arms and glared at her. "No one else can lead this place. We wouldn't let them."

She looked down. "I can't do this to her anymore." She heard him approaching her, but she still started when he touched her. She looked up at him.

He was smiling, but ruefully. "Because the rest of Atlantis can go hang?"

"The rest of Atlantis doesn't ask me to use tlan to prevent scarring." She shrugged his hand off. "Somebody has to make hard decisions, somebody has to send people out to die, but it can't be me. Not when she's the one going out."

He looked at her sideways, then licked his lips once, twice. "You," he coughed, looked away, "you should check with her. See how much longer that's going to be an issue."

Teyla walked off the transport from the mainland and paused just a second. She wasn't expecting Elizabeth to be waiting for her. She went to her and said, "I thought the department heads meeting was today."

"Rodney had food poisoning last night and John stayed up all night taking care of him. That's the two largest departments right there, so it's postponed."

"I should go to him, offer my assistance."

Elizabeth shook her head. "We need to talk, Sweetness."

The walk to Elizabeth's quarters was short and silent. Teyla walked behind, trying to read Elizabeth's body. Her shoulders weren't tight, her stride was long, her arms swung freely. It was all very normal. So, as soon as the door closed, Teyla asked, "Of what do we need to talk?"

"I told John that I was thinking of resigning because I can't send you into the field any longer. He said that I should talk to you first. So what does he think I need to know?"

Teyla blinked, abandoned the door she was leaning against and sat in a large, soft chair. She looked at Elizabeth and said, "I am quitting the gate team and moving to the mainland. Every woman has an obligation, after a culling, to have children, and I am afraid that if I wait longer, I will not be capable."

Elizabeth raised one eyebrow, very high, but said nothing.

"Beloved, I asked John to father my first child, and went to the mainland to arrange a place to live. I have told no one else anything, not Rodney nor Halling nor anyone else. I had planned to tell you tomorrow. This is true."

Elizabeth turned from her, and now her shoulders were pulled in tight and small. Her head was pulled straight and high, and her hands were balls of rage. Teyla could hear Elizabeth breathing, even, controlled, angry breaths. "This is karma."

"What?" asked Teyla.

"There was a man, Simon, on Earth before we left. I left him a video, to tell him I was leaving, instead of saying goodbye myself. I didn't, um, I didn't love him. Enough."

Teyla stood, put her arms around Elizabeth's waist, pressed her forehead between her shoulder blades, and breathed in. "Who is saying goodbye?" And at that, Elizabeth's anger collapsed, and she melted in Teyla's arms. Teyla turned her around, and kissed her, gently, sweetly. She touched Elizabeth's face with her hands, and put her