little unsteadily. Kyungsoo follows suit. “I mean, life’s already doing it anyway, but what can you do, y’know?” Another laugh. “Sorry. Tired. My filter isn’t really working.”

There’s still a part of Kyungsoo—an increasingly small part now—that wants to immediately escape and never talk to or think about Baekhyun again, but he knows he’d feel guilty if he just left the guy like this. He bites the inside of his cheek.

“I really don’t need you to pay for anything,” he says. “Really. It’s just a shirt, a boring work shirt, I have five other ones just like it.”

“Alright,” says Baekhyun, looking more exhausted than ever. “No dry cleaning. But—at least let me do something? Even just, I dunno, buying you coffee sometime or something. I won’t spill it on you, either. Promise.”

A smile tugs at Kyungsoo’s lips. “You’re not giving up until I say yes to something, are you?”

“Nope.”

“Fine.” He mulls it over. “Draw me something.”

Baekhyun blinks. “What, like—now?”

“After you’ve slept.”

“Okay.” Baekhyun digs around in his bag and takes out a marker, pulls the cap off with his teeth. He scribbles quickly on the top page, the one with the bunny, and then re-caps the marker and holds it between his teeth as he hands the page to Kyungsoo. Byun Baekhyun, followed by a phone number. “Text me in a week,” he says around the marker.

Kyungsoo nods. “I will.”

Baekhyun stuffs the marker and stack of damaged papers into his bag. “Cool. Um.” He laughs. “I’m... gonna go home and sleep. Sorry again.”

“No problem. It was nice to meet you,” Kyungsoo says, finding, to his surprise, that he actually means it.

Ugh.

—

A week and a day go by, and Kyungsoo finally texts the number Baekhyun left him: Hi, it’s Kyungsoo.

The response: Who??

Oh. Shit. Kyungsoo didn’t actually give him his name, did he? Before he can reply, there’s a follow-up.


Oh! Coffee guy?



Good timing! I just finished your picture today~


They agree to meet up for coffee, because Baekhyun still insists on getting him something. Kyungsoo is beginning to get the impression that Baekhyun is a deeply stubborn person.

The strange thing about all of this, Kyungsoo thinks, is that the encounter on the street had been nothing like what his dreams had shown him. The scenarios he’d always seen were more mundane and anticlimactic, normal, non-explosive. He wonders if fate got a little tired of his obstinacy and forced them to meet in a noteworthy and unavoidable way, one that Kyungsoo couldn’t just ignore. Which is an equally annoying and troubling thought, when he thinks about it.

He gets to the coffee shop a good fifteen minutes ahead of Baekhyun, his nerves making him even more pointedly early than he normally is. He doesn’t need to be nervous. Doesn’t know why he is. He orders herbal tea and forces himself to take deep breaths.

Baekhyun arrives looking much more alive and awake than the first time they met. Clean and put together. No tired slouch or unkempt hair. He’s—and Kyungsoo really hates to admit this—kind of good-looking, actually. Especially with how his face lights up when he spots Kyungsoo. It’s one of the nicest eye smiles Kyungsoo’s ever seen. Jesus.

“Sorry, hope I didn’t keep you waiting too long,” says Baekhyun, dropping his bag onto the floor as he takes a seat across from Kyungsoo. He peers into the half-empty mug, eyes widening. “Oh, shit, I guess I did.”

“I was running errands nearby, so I just got here a little early,” Kyungsoo lies.

Baekhyun visibly relaxes, letting out a whoosh of breath. “Thank god. Thought I was gonna look like a real asshole for a second.” He cranes his neck to look at the line by the register. “I’ll go up when you’re ready for a refill.”

Kyungsoo nods. There’s no point in arguing with Baekhyun again. “Have you been sleeping better?” he asks.

“Yep! Passed out for fifteen hours, then got up and started the whole project over and turned it in a week late.” He leans back in his chair and huffs out a laugh. “My publisher really hates me.”

“Better late than never?” Kyungsoo offers.

Baekhyun grins. “I think she’d rather see me die than turn my work in late.”

That reminds Kyungsoo, jarringly, of his conversation with Junmyeon. He feels his heart sink like lead. He decides to change the subject quickly.

“So what’d you draw for me?”