'd barely known the blond for less than a day! Lightly, he pushed the blond off of him and stepped back.

"I will return," he promised again, leaving his quarters and double-checking to make sure the door was securely locked.

The entire day he was at work, he tried to find someone who could take care of a "special chocobo", however, no one he spoke to on the subject had the time or resources. Not even Zack, who Sephiroth thought would be the best candidate. The black-haired man was very good when it came to interacting with those who tended to be nervous, and Sephiroth was confident that he would be the best person to care for the hybrid. However, Zack's schedule made for a limited amount of free time, and there was nowhere near enough time for Zack to take care of another person.

Sephiroth had already given up for the day by the time he returned home. Zack wanted to see the "chocobo" in a few days when he could finally put together some time, but that didn't make Sephiroth feel too much better.

A blur of blond ran towards him and he stiffened as he was suddenly squeezed. He closed the door and looked down, seeing Cloud dig his face into Sephiroth's chest.

"You're back..."

"I am."

"What took you so long?" Cloud hugged him more tightly.

"I did say that I had to find somebody to take care of you." Sephiroth patted the blond on his upper back, taking care to avoid touching the wings.

"You don't want to be my caretaker?" Those eyes looked up at him with sadness and slight fear – fear of rejection, abandonment.

"I can't take care of you, Cloud. It wouldn't be fair to leave you here all alone everyday," Sephiroth said softly. "If I knew that you could live alone, I would find you a good place, but I don't want to risk the Science Department going after you."

"But I don't want you to go..."

It was happening all over again. Sephiroth still couldn't understand.

"You can stay with me for tonight. Tomorrow I'll find somebody who can watch over you for some time."

The smile he received in response was much too eager.

He tossed and turned in bed once more, unable to get to sleep. He lay still for a bit, and then a noise caused him to freeze.

Footsteps grew louder, then stopped at his bed before Sephiroth could hear rustling. Blond hair came into his line of vision, and Sephiroth nearly sighed in exasperation.

Cloud was too clingy. Far, far too clingy. Sephiroth was going to wait only a few minutes before pushing Cloud off of him when something made him stop.

The blond nuzzled his chest again and planted another kiss on his chest, moving upwards to leave a shy peck on Sephiroth's chin.

"What are you doing?" Sephiroth questioned with a tone that wasn't entirely happy.

"You've been taking care of me. So now I'm going to return the favor," Cloud said innocently. He leaned forward to press a kiss on Sephiroth's lips, but the silver-haired man quickly turned away.

"Don't."

"Why?"

"I shouldn't..." He pushed Cloud away and sat up.

It's an offer, his mind said suddenly. What are you doing? Take it...

"Why not? Please." Those eyes. Again with those eyes. "Let me..."

Hands grabbed at the waistband of his pants, undoing the clothing and pulling it down. Sephiroth's boxers went down as well, and his penis was in Cloud's grasp. He looked down, wanting to get the blond off of him, wanting to make him stop because this was all just wrong. All the same, he wanted the blond to continue pumping him, to continue licking at the head of his cock.

The blond took him in halfway, using his hand to fist the rest of his dick. His movements were slow, almost hesitant, as if he had experience but only a small amount. Sephiroth waited just to see what else Cloud would do, but the blond only continued to suck, bobbing his head up and down. The hand squeezed his length, jerking him off.

The hybrid then stopped and rose, Sephiroth's dick sliding out of his mouth. "Let me take care of you, too. Please." He began to remove his pants, nearly ripping them in the process and throwing them carelessly to the floor. The blond took hold of the silver-haired man's cock and positioned it right under his anus.

"No." Sephiroth held the blond by the hips and stopped him from going lower. "You'll hurt yourself."

"Do you have any...?" the blond trailed off, a slight blush tinging his cheeks.

"Go look for it." Sephiroth was still conflicted. If the blond really wanted this, then he'd have