person. I can’t help but feel we lost him too soon.”

“Who?”

Archie stared at the blank look on Marco’s face. Had Marco forgotten Henry already? “Henry Mills? He just passed away. He’d been my client for … years.”

“Oh, that’s right. His name was Henry.” Archie nodded, confirming what Marco was saying. He knew his friend couldn’t have forgotten Henry. He’d just forgotten his name. Marco hadn’t known Henry that well, after all. It made sense that his friend would have forgotten some of the details. “Didn’t he die a while ago?”

“Yes. But I still miss him.” It was like how he’d feel if Marco died. He would never be able to forget that good of a friend.

She was raging, and drunk. That was why they’d called him; not even Graham had been able to calm Regina down. They needed someone whose job it was to help people through their emotions, so Graham had called him.

Archie walked toward her, bravely taking the seat beside her as everyone else watched, holding their breath in anticipation. “It’s someone’s birthday, I hear,” he said in a non-threatening voice, watching for her reaction. Graham had said she wouldn’t stop mentioning that; perhaps he could get through to her once he knew more.

“Henry’s,” she answered, taking another sip of the alcohol Archie should really try to get away from her.

“Your father’s.”

“No, my son’s,” she insisted, and Archie didn’t try to convince her she’d never had a son, not when she was this drunk. “My son-brother-father’s birthday.” She laughed darkly, taking a giant gulp of her beverage. “He died! He died of old age. Old age! While I haven’t aged a day in over a hundred years!”

“Would you like to visit his grave?” Archie asked in an attempt to get her out of the bar and away from the alcohol. She was obviously incredibly drunk. “I know you leave flowers there every Wednesday. Perhaps we could …”

“Not that Henry!” she snapped, causing him to recoil and Graham to take a step forward, ready to protect Archie if she became physically violent. “The Henry with a simple tombstone that I never visit. The Henry that defied me with his last breath! The Henry you counseled!”

Archie couldn’t argue with her but he couldn’t remember ever counseling … “Wait, Henry.” His memory was fuzzy, but he was pretty sure he could picture an old man, dying in a hospital. Was that the Henry she spoke of?

“Time took him, like it won’t take all of us. And good thing too. He almost spoiled my revenge.” She didn’t seem to mean that, but at least she was calming.

“Madam Mayor, Henry wouldn’t want you to be drunk like this on his behalf. Maybe we should get you home.”

“Henry wouldn’t care. He never cared about me. All he ever wanted was to stop me,” Regina insisted, yet she let him help her to her feet. “He cared about you more than me. He cared about everyone here more than me, and I was the victim. He never saw that. Never.”

Graham came along on her other side, and together the two men helped her home, where at the very least, she wouldn’t be able to disturb anyone else. They both stood in her driveway, finally convincing her to go to bed and get some sleep. “Do you know the Henry she was speaking of?” Graham questioned, curious.

“Maybe? I can picture someone in my head. But, I think I was just trying to make sense out of an illogical situation. How could someone be a son, a brother, and a father to the same woman?”

Despite Archie’s logic, for a week after the incident, he kept feeling like he was forgetting something of vital importance.

“Do you remember him?” Archie looked up from his cup of tea and muffin, startled by the mayor’s sudden start to a conversation. “Do you remember Henry?”

“Your father? He was the mayor before you,” Archie responded, wondering why Regina felt it so vital to quiz him on history over his breakfast.

“Not that Henry! Another Henry?”

“As far as I know, that’s the only Henry who has lived in Storybrooke. Unless, are we talking about a king of England?”

He looked at her quizzically, waiting to see where this conversation was going. “You’ve forgotten him. Everyone has.”

“Who was he?” Archie asked. He had a nagging feeling that this Henry was important somehow, but he wasn’t quite sure.

“He was someone who existed to make my life harder. Nothing more.” A look