't exactly a hardened criminal Cas. but If her old man is anything like her mom, son-of-a-bitch probably made it seem a lot worse."

Claire cleared her throat and stifled a laugh. Cas turned his attention back to her "Something funny, young lady?" He looked back to Dean, a slight chill now in his voice 'I happen to think, under the MANY circumstances, that her 'old man' is quite reasonable in his assessment of the situation. Great to see you Dean, here's my card, look me up before you head out." He handed his business card to Dean and taking Claire by the elbow he proceeded to exit the room.

Dean stepped in front of the door. He didn't even look at the card. He was beyond pissed. He had this whole idea of who Cas was in his head but really he just seem like another stuffed shirt with a god complex. Dean folded his arms over his chest "Hate to break it to you councilor, but that little girl ain't going nowhere till her daddy gets here. I don't give a fuck what authority you think you have."

On those words Cas cocked his head to the side in confusion and Claire started laughing "oh, this is too much! You wanna tell him, or should I, Daddy?," She inclined her head to Cas.

Dean swore, "Son-of-a-bitch! Your her dad? Wait," Dean put his hands in front of him then ran a hand over his mouth. "Wait, I don't recall you mentioning a kid Cas or for that matter, a fucking wife. Did it slip your mind you were god damned married? I guess I should have put it together because of her last name except I never caught yours did I? Mr. Novak"

Cas ran a hand through his hair "Dean, it's not how it looks.."

He was cut off by Claire nearly shrieking "EEEWWWW! I just got it. I mean I figured you knew each other but you two... knew each other." she said knew like it was a dirty word and in the sense she meant it, that would have been correct. Her revulsion quickly turned to anger, "You cheated on mom, with a fucking guy!"

"Hey! You watch your mouth young lady. For starters this is none of your business and secondly no, I did NOT cheat on your mother. With him or anyone"

Dean regained his composure. He was a professional. His job here was done. So what if he had a one night stand with a douche, it happens. He walked over to Claire, flipped Cas' card around and wrote his own number on the back handing it to her. "I gotta run kid. Use that number before you do something stupid alright? That's my personal cell" He hugged her before he even thought better of it. Then he backed up, nodded at Cas and said, "Got your daughter back to you Mr. Novak. I suggest you take better care of not loosing her again. The world is a fucked up place for a kid her age." Without another word he left the station.

Once in his car he cranked up the music and drove to his pre-booked hotel where he planned to empty the mini bar on his brothers dime.

 


Title Song: Breath


 

 

 

Dean and Cas have a bit of a sub/dom relationship Dom!Cas Sub!Dean. But not cruel.





Dean woke up flat on his face in a bed. Half his body hung off of the bed and he was nude. As he got up his head throbbed. 'Man, I really must have drank the whole mini-bar' he thought. A cursory look at the bar had him puzzled. Although the tiny fridge was opened and the bottles removed and lying on the floor, that amount shouldn't have been enough to knock him out and give him such a headache. "Did I go out?" Needless to say, his brain was a little fuzzy. Just then Dean noticed a tan overcoat lying draped over a chair by the door. He picked it up and looked toward the bed. He said out loud, "Cas?" A voice responded from the bathroom behind him, "Close enough. Its Cassondra, but you insisted on calling me Cas last night." Dean whipped around still holding the coat. There stood a woman about 5' 7" tall, with short black hair and blue eyes. She had clearly just showered as her hair was still damp. She had on black slacks and a white button up shirt. She shimmied into black heels. Dean was dumbfounded, he looked to the bed then to the bar, "Did I go out last night?"

Dean was dumbfounded, he looked to the bed then to the bar, "Did I go out last night?"

The woman (what was her name..) Cassondra replied, "Yep. You sure did. That's how you met me, you came up to the bar and ordered me a