about me.  I could be married, for all you know."

"You're not," John laughed.  "FBI Agent, remember?"

"Have you been checking up on me?"

"Rodney, I just wanted to find out a bit about you before I spoke to you," he shrugged, even though he knew Rodney couldn't see him.  "I... I wanted to find out if I stood a chance."

"And what did you find out?"

"Well, apart from being unmarried, you've only ever gated women, but you've never shown any signs of being homophobic."  John hesitated.  "When you came over to talk to me last week I was watching for your reaction to me and my flirting.  When you didn't lay me out, I thought I would take a chance and give you my business card.  I wanted you to make the decision about seeing me again, which is why I have contacted you."

"Thanks, I appreciate that," Rodney paused.  "So, what happens now?"

"That's entirely up to you, Rodney."

Rodney thought for a few moments.  He didn't know Sheppard, but a part of him wanted to find out more about him, "How about meeting for a drink?" 

The Interview: Part Two

"John, whose orders were you following?" Rodney could see a glimmer of light at the end of the very dark tunnel they were in.

John shook his head, "I really don't know.  I was given my orders by my Assistant Director, Steven Caldwell.  Where they initially came from I have no idea."

"Can you give me details of your conversation with him?  I know it was a couple of years ago, but anything you can remember will help, John."

John lowered his head, chewing on his lower lip pensively.  He, gently, banged his clasped hands on the desk as he thought.  Finally, he looked up, "It was about a month before I met you at the first triple homicide.  I was called to his office," John shrugged.  "I've always been a bit rebellious so it wasn't anything unusual.  When I arrived, Caldwell's secretary sent me straight in.  I should have done a runner then," he shook his head ruefully.

"Why?" Rodney asked.  John's distant look turned puzzled.  "Why should you have done a runner?"

"I never get shown straight in.  He always makes me wait," he gave a small laugh.  "He makes me feel like a naughty schoolboy being summoned by the principal.  But not that day.  That day, he treated me like a friend - even had his secretary bring us both coffee and biscuits."  John stood, stretching.  Rodney could see the tension in John's body as John started to pace.

"Do you want anything?  Coffee?  Water?"

John paused his pacing, "No.  I'm... well, not fine, but I don't want anything, thanks."  He resumes his pacing, running a hand through his hair, "Where was I?" he mumbled.  "We talked for a short time.  It was really weird.  He asked me all sorts of personal questions, really personal, like he was trying to profile me, then, after coffee he gave me my new assignment."  John sat heavily, slumping down in the seat, hands on the desk in front of him.  Rodney reached over, squeezing John's hand reassuringly.  Their eyes met; John smiled weakly.

"What were your orders?"

"I was told I was being seconded to the CIA, that they had a job for me," John sighed.  "I should have realised it was going to turn out like this.  I mean, why would the CIA want a wash out agent like me?  Anyway, I was too stunned to even think about the reasons, or even what my orders entailed.  It wasn't until I left Caldwell's office that I realised what was being asked of me.  And it was too late for me to do anything about it."

"What were your orders?"

"I had orders to kill... "

Second Interlude

The Drink

John glanced at his watch - for the third time in the space of five minutes.  Rodney was late, and John was getting very edgy.  He fidgeted with the label on his beer bottle, picking at the corner, pulling strips off it.

"Is this seat taken?" The voice broke through John's reverie.  He looked up, straight into Rodney's eyes.  His smile lit up the room.

"It is now," John smiled.  "What would you like to drink?"

Rodney sat down, "I'll have a beer, thanks," he managed to croak.  He smiled weakly, knowing his nerves were showing.  Rodney realised that John was also nervous when he noticed the torn strips of label on the table.  "You nervous too?"

John laughed, "Yeah!  Just a little bit."  He glanced away.  When he looked back he had