she did. They all did; Cassie, Layla, Carmen, Robin, Casey, Andr-" 

"Yeah I get the picture, thanks." Dean interrupted him, a slight burn of shame heating him up under the collar. He was quiet for a while before he realised how... inconvenient that must've been for Cas. Hearing from his partners about all their intimate escapades.

"I'm sorry you had to hear that from 'em, Cas." Dean apologised as they exited the park.

Castiel simply hummed and crossed his ankles at Dean's hips, locking himself around Dean's body. Dean hoisted Castiel a little higher when he started to slip. He bit at his bottom lip, not being able to let go of how fucking uncomfortable it must have been for Cas to sit through their animations. Dean knew each of them. Knew how they would have gone into detail in their own way and smirked while the people around them ooohed and aaahed and suddenly he felt really fucking bad. He exhaled harshly.

Castiel unlocked his hands steadily and slid one palm up to Dean's cheek to pat at it lightly. "Stop thinking."

"You don't even know what I'm thinking about."

"I don't care. Stop."

"Fine. Talk about something. Distract me."

Castiel hmphed into Dean's neck. "I have to do everything for you."

"Course you do, 'cause you're a smart ass."

"...Yeah, that's true, I have got a nice ass." Castiel retorted and Dean shifted Cas a little, not denying the statement. Truth was, Dean had been in love with his friend since... well, since he knew what love was. He'd never admitted it though, always kept it buried under layers of distracting hook-ups and incessant flirting.

"What should I start with?" Castiel asked, speaking aloud to himself.

"Whatever, just don't go to sleep on me."

"If you're going to be like that then I'll start with your dick." Castiel replied casually. Dean did choke on an inhale this time. Castiel took no notice. In his inebriated, pliant state, he lay his head on Dean's shoulder and hummed.

"What about your legs?"

"What about 'em?"

"You're bowlegged, dumbass."

"No shit, Sherlock."

Castiel was contemplatively quiet for a few moments before he spoke again. "I don't think any one of them ever mentioned your legs."

"Yeah, why do you think that is?" Dean said, a little scorn seeping into his tone, as if the answer was obvious.

Castiel shrugged. "Is that not something appropriate to brag about?" Before Dean could interject with his own truthful answer, Castiel rattled off trying to answer his own question. "I mean, they're sturdy, they allow us to walk and I've seen yours in gym class, they're very tanned an-"

"It's because they're fucking deformed, Cas." He burst out, anger frothing just under the surface of his skin. He had never liked his legs, they always made him walk funny. He had been getting jabs about them since he could remember, nothing big, just insults thrown around here and there between groups of so-called "friends". When Dean brushed it off, they thought nothing of it. What they didn't know, was that he was immensely insecure about them, resorting to buying jeans two sizes too big to hide them.

"No, they're not." Castiel said quietly, only meant for the space between his lips and Dean's ear. He lifted his head to look at the side of Dean's. Dean's pace had slowed a little. He could feel the intensity of Castiel's gaze.

"Yeah, they are. My bowlegs are deformities. No-one's legs are supposed to look like that."

"You're wrong."

Dean laughter was full of hate. It's harshness hitting Cas' ears with a conviction he didn't like.

"Yeah, whatever you say Cas."

Castiel trailed a fingertip over the space under Dean's eye. "Then, I suppose you would argue that your freckles are-"

"Fucking flaws, yeah."

"And the dimples in your back?"

"Weakness in my skin cells." Dean could see their houses fast approaching and picked up his speed so he wouldn't have to deal with Castiel's insistence on making him feel better about himself.

"And the little scar across the top of your forehead that you think nobody's seen so you keep it covered with your hair?" Dean reached Castiel's doorstep just in time for him to finish the question. He set Cas down gently and tried to grab the doorknob in an attempt to not have to answer. But there Cas was, blocking his attempt. Eyes all wide and bright and impossibly blue, glossed over with the haze that only comes from alcohol, brows furrowed