pulling out a croak from his husband that he alone could hear. 

The intensity grew, waves of incredible pleasure racing across Erwin's flesh and he swallowed hard, sure that he couldn't hold out much longer. He had to, though. To break now would be disastrous. The blonde regained composure and carried on, passing off the red cheeks as bashful embarrassment at having his joke so well received and he started to breathe faster, adrenaline joining the party as his heart rate sped up. Each pulse from the vibrating plug inside of him was matched by a flutter in his chest, Erwin's prostate receiving maddeningly slow bursts of movement. He knew this toy well, a favourite of theirs and he also knew just how many more settings it had. 

Levi listened to the change in pace, heard Erwin's voice chasing through to catch up with his impending orgasm and he tilted his head, chiding gesture going unseen. None of those in attendance would have noticed Erwin's switch, something that he'd tuned himself to meticulously over the years and Levi swiftly turned the device down, mild throbbing now the only thing his husband would receive and he allowed a small smirk, pictured what the speaker would be doing - a lick of the lips, a wriggle of the abdomen, shifting of feet. 

Erwin stared straight ahead, addressed those listening with a calmer feel to his speech and he let go of the lecturn, made sweeping motions through the air as constant but teasing pressure kept him riding the crest of approaching pleasure, release never off the table and he tried to mentally contact Levi, let him know that it was almost over. He needn't have bothered, entire oration memorised by the smaller male and when Erwin entered the last stages, the hard-sell, the epic finale…that was a signal. 

Commanding words boomed throughout the large banqueting hall, wrapped their persuasive tendrils around the eager crowd and Levi treated his partner to something special, gleefully cranking the dial up to the penultimate speed and his actions didn't disappoint. Erwin flinched visibly, styled it out as a part of his conclusion and he hunched, hands back tightly on wood as serious blue eyes trailed from left to right, making sure to catch each and every person's gaze. Levi could see the little steps from one foot to another, a light roll of the hips. He heard the drive and vehemence, want and desire. Most of all though, he controlled those things, had Erwin in his palm just as the tall man had the audience in his own. 

Levi pushed the boundaries, went for broke and he gulped, erection straining inside his bespoke suit as he observed the struggle, the sexual ways in which Erwin swayed and moved now that maximum speed had been selected, delicate fingers running over the tiny remote device in excitement. 

Erwin was sure that sweat poured from him visibly, in rivers almost as he gave his energetic ending, audience on their feet and applauding with gusto. Whistles and cheers joined in as the speaker raised an arm in thanks, desperate to get off stage and somewhere private. As always, a gentle hand appeared at his elbow and Erwin nearly collapsed with relief, giving a look of mock apology to the ovation in progress as Levi eyed them all with suspicion, guiding his charge to the wings. 

And, as always, they were left alone. People knew about the famous Erwin Smith, his ways and methods, including his habit of being in self-imposed solitude for a while following a speech. It gave him a sense of mystique, much like a rock star would require a cool-down and the man himself gave a gasp of joy as a deserted and dark corridor was reached. They could hear the host babbling praise and hype in the background as shadows played over pale skin, Levi's imposing form standing tall over his kneeling husband. 

No discussion was needed - the pair knew how this went and Erwin sucked hungrily at Levi's cock, his own becoming harder by the second as incredible bursts from the plug lit him up, made him moan around solid flesh. Levi didn't need to thrust, simply let Erwin eat him up as he leant against the wall casually, zipper open but tailored pants still in place. He rested one hand on blonde hair, the other running through ebony strands as he stared down, lips curled into a small smile as cobalt locked onto silver. 

It wouldn't take long, both men on the edge of sanity and Levi could feel Erwin's throat with each feverish bob of the head, wet tongue working it's magic and when a trembling grip took hold of his ass roughly to bring him even further into the waiting mouth, Levi snapped, parted lips letting out groans in time with every fast suck. 

He gave in, succumbed to lust and Levi's face became slack, a shuddering cry echoing through the hallway. Erwin eagerly swallowed his husband's cum, growling in delight and he abruptly rose, hands on smaller shoulders and head bowed low. 

"Levi…please…" 

Levi tucked himself away, pink cheeks the only sign of how