want to talk about something?” Cullen asks, when the silence stretches too long. Tamsin turns to look at him, and she is, for the first time he can remember, struggling to find the words. So he waits.

                  Finally, she says quietly, “I don’t want to do this without you.”

                  Cullen frowns in confusion. “Without me? Tamsin, I just promised that you wouldn’t lose me at Adamant. I do try to keep my promises.”

                  “That’s not what I mean.” Tamsin glances down at her hands and wipes them on her tunic, which just streaks more grey across her hands. “I…”

                  Cullen has a feeling he knows where this is going. His stomach does a flip.

                  “I feel stronger when you’re with me,” Tamsin says. “And warmer. I hate this siege, but it’s given me a reason to spend time with you, and that almost makes it worth it. That might be a terrible thought. I don’t really care. I care for you. A lot. I don’t want us to come back from this and go back to only trading casual words.”

                  Cullen can barely breathe.

                  “If you don’t feel the same, I’ll understand,” Tamsin continues quietly. “Elves aren’t exactly… well, I’ll understand.” And now she meets his eyes, and her pale violet gaze is hopeful in an exhausted sort of way. “But tell me now, so I know what to expect when we get back from this.”

                  Cullen can’t damned speak. He gapes at her like the ninny that he is.

                  “If you don’t say something,” Tamsin warns—is her voice shaking?—“I’m going to take it as a no and walk away, and this will be the last we speak of it.” She gives him a long look, and then takes a step to the side to turn.

                  Cullen swallows, and then grabs her arm, “Don’t,” he said, and his voice is rough and cracking. He sounds like a boy barely out of his teens. Damn it.

                  Tamsin looks back at him, gaze guarded, but listening.

                  “I don’t hate you,” he says, because it’s the first thing that comes to mind, and then claps his hand over his mouth and groans a groan of pure I’m-an-idiot frustration. Tamsin blinks at him once, twice, and then laughs.

                  It’s not a mean laugh. It’s soft and relieved. “I’m glad,” she said. “Is there more?”

                  “Yes,” he says, and then falters again. “I… don’t know how…”

                  “Have you ever wondered?” Tamsin interrupts, and Cullen hears a quiet hope in her voice, and also a strange sort of weight that shouldn’t be there, like she’s asked the question before and is afraid of the answer.

                  “Yes,” Cullen says. He doesn’t want her to be afraid of the answer. And he wants to be honest. “I’ve wondered. But I… I never dared to hope. You’re the Inquisitor. It seemed… seems… seemed—“ Tamsin cracks a smile at his struggles over tense, and he gives up on that sentence. “I didn’t think it could ever happen.”

                  “And if I wasn’t?” Tamsin asks quietly, and he has to step closer to hear her. Well, he wants to step closer, and her voice is a good excuse. “If I wasn’t the Inquisitor? What would you think then?”

                  “I would think,” Cullen murmurs, and he can see goosebumps rise on her skin when he speaks, “That I would be a fool if I didn’t do something.”

                  “Something?” Tamsin breathes, lifting her face just a little. Cullen braces an arm on the parapet as he leans toward her. There’s a hint of a smirk at the corner of her mouth—pure, pleased mischief—and he returns the smile twice over, seeing how a flush rises in her cheeks at the pull of his lips—

                  “Commander!”

                  The door to his tower slams, and the moment is broken. A surge of anger rips through Cullen. He drops his head, grinding his teeth, then turns slowly towards the intruder. A soldier is approaching, papers in hand. “I…” The soldier looks up, sees the Commander and the Inquisitor. “I…”

                  “What?” Cullen snarls.

                  “Th-the report, sir,” the soldier says softly, raising it with one hand. “From Sister Leliana. You wanted it as soon… as soon as possible…” He looks between them. “O-or, to your desk…”

                  “Good idea,” Cullen growls, and the soldier bows, murmurs, “Inquisitor,” as respectfully and quickly as he can, and then turns tail and flees.

                  “Always the Inquisitor,” Tamsin says wryly behind him,