above him and the bandage was replaced.  Gentle fingers ran over Dean's damaged ribs, and Dean couldn't stop the shiver.  It didn't hurt – not from under the pile of painkillers – but it was powerfully erotic.  

“Any pain?  Discomfort?  Fever?”  Jimmy's fingers trailed across Dean's skin, down his side, over the swell of his ass.

“N-no.”  Dean managed to choke out.

“Any history of skin cancer in your family, Mr. Winchester?”  Jimmy's fingers trailed down the back of Dean's right thigh.

What??  Dean's confusion was absolute.  He was a little intrigued by the surge of lust he felt every time his last name left Jimmy's lips.  “Uh... no?”

“Hmm.  Well, I'd better have a look anyway.”  Jimmy said succinctly, and his other hand touched the back of Dean's other thigh.

Dean couldn't help the shivers that ran through him as Jimmy's hands explored his skin.  Never, never once, not ever in Dean's life had anyone done what Jimmy was doing now.  Never had Dean been so passive and let someone explore him, run hands across his skin and chase them with soft kisses.

Dean was feeling that a lifetime of fumbled, quick fucks in cheap motel rooms and the back of the Impala had left him missing something.

At some point Jimmy had straddled Dean's lower back, and moved his explorations upwards.  Jimmy's skirt tickled Dean's butt, and the searing heat through the cotton panties against his skin was incredible.  Jimmy leaned to press himself gently along Dean's back, kissing the nape of his neck and down his left trap.

Quite suddenly, Jimmy sat up.  “Well, Mr. Winchester, I can't see any areas of concern on this side.  Would you flip onto your back, please?”  Jimmy climbed off, leaving Dean's back feeling chilled.

Dean blushed as he flipped over, rock-hard and leaking precome.  He felt the wetness on the blanket stick to his skin.

Jimmy broke character for just a moment, staring open-mouthed at Dean's cock.  He ran his tongue over his bottom lip, and Dean nearly lost it.  Then Jimmy blinked, and seemed to come back to himself.

“Let's continue, shall we?”  Jimmy nudged Dean's legs apart and curled up between them.  He resumed his soft touches and kisses to Dean's skin, working his way up.  He made it as far as Dean's groin, and it was everything Dean could do to not grab Jimmy's head and shove it down on his cock.

Jimmy shifted again, straddling Dean's hips, pressing himself against Dean's cock.  Dean groaned at the friction as Jimmy rocked his hips a little.

And to Dean's pleasure and frustration, Jimmy resumed his careful exploration.  A warm, plush mouth closed over each of Dean's nipples in succession.  The first one received flicks from Jimmy's tongue, which made Dean groan.  The second received a sharp nip, which made him gasp and arch against the bed.

Dean's hands moved reflexively to Jimmy's thighs, touching warm skin and smooth stockings and the thin band of lace in between.  Dean wasn't sure if Jimmy would allow the touch – after all, you weren't supposed to grope medical professionals.  But when no correction came, Dean gave them a soft squeeze.

Jimmy kissed up the side of Dean's neck, and whispered, “What do you want, Mr. Winchester?  How can I assist you?”

Dean choked, his grip tightening.  “Want... want you...”

“Could you be a little more specific, please?  Do you want my hand?”  Jimmy reached down and stroked Dean's cock.

Dean's response was lost in his groan, but Jimmy released him quickly.

“My mouth?”  Jimmy sat up straight.  He lifted one of Dean's hands to his mouth, opened, and slipped the tip of Dean's index finger between his lips, sucking and flicking it with his tongue, without once breaking eye contact.

Dean thought that if he were gonna die, this would be how he'd want to go.

Jimmy pulled Dean's finger from his mouth with a pop and kissed it a final time before returning it to his thigh.  “Or was there something else you wanted?”  Jimmy smirked.

“Wanna... Jesus Christ... wanna fuck you.  Please.”  Dean grated out.

“Oh, I see.  Well, that would be something I could help you with.”  Jimmy winked.  “But you'll have to remain lying down, I wouldn't want you to risk aggravating your injuries.  You just stay right there, and I'll go ahead and get everything ready.”

Dean thought he was going to die when Jimmy once again climbed off.  How many times is he gonna do that??  And then Dean's jaw dropped.

Jimmy had stood