heart skipped a bit, what a beauty he thought with his lips forming the smallest smirk. In that moment, his face changed that smirk became an aw of worry, seeing the Venatori charging at his men. Gatt (the Ben-Hassrath agent) commanded Bull to leave his men to their fate and save the ship, but Bull was torn apart by this impossible situation left the Inquisitor to decide the fate of his men. He thought that she would choose the alliance as the Bull told her to do. But instead she told Bull to sound the horn, hence the Chargers retreated and the dreadnought was lost. When Bull put his mouth in to the horn, he realized that the Inquisitor was not just a tool for war, she was not just the Arishok oh the Inquisition, she was a woman, with feelings, she sacrificed a good alliance for the sake of some men, his men. In that moment, he started having a craving for her, but he would not realize it for a while.

Qun = The Qun is a code of honor based on the writings of the Ashkaari KoslunAqun-Athlok =born as one gender but living as anotherTamassran=a branch of the Qunari priesthood and as such fall under the Ariqun. This is a female gender role.Tamassrans de facto rule the Qunari society.Arishok=The Arishok is the leader and highest ranking general of the antaam, the military branch of the QunariAntaam= Antaam, meaning "body" in Qunlat, is the military branch of the Qun led by the ArishokBen-Hassrath= Ben-Hassrath primarily act as enforcers of religious law in the Qunari society who are responsible for policing the populace and "re-educating" both the Qunari who do not follow the established norms and new converts.Venatori=The Venatori are an armed cult of Tevinter nationalist supremacists working to sow chaos in other nations across Thedas to further the machinations of their mysterious deity, the Elder One, whom they believe will restore the glory of Tevinter.

Its time for the Inquisitor and her friends to fight their fist dragon!

When Nyx was but a little girl, her older brother used to tell he tales about enormous, majestic beasts (that it was believed to be extinct for some time). If you told her then that she was going to encounter one, she would laugh call you crazy and run off to fight with her brothers. Here she was, her eyes were feasting upon this huge, yellow, majestic a High Dragon! Bull was exited too, Sera and Solas not so much. But Nyx was in charge and she was up for the challenge. When they entered the valley, the dragon roared and from her jaws came out red, hot fire. Her children charged at the inquisitor and her company, bating, scratching, swigging their thorny tails. At this moment, the Inquisitor knew that the party had just begun. She run to the dragonlings holding her great sword with both hand, cutting and slashing through them. Iron Bull followed suit. The dragon above them spat fireballs trying to protect her children but it was in vain, Nyx and her team were unstoppable. A dragonling bit Nyx’s calf while she was thrusting and cutting off another beast’s head, she fell down hurt, her leg full of blood, the dragonling got on top of her, its head only inches from her own, and when it was ready to bite off her head… Shap! A great axe landed on its head, the dragonling fell on top of Nyx crushing her with its weight. She managed to remove it from her and Bull (too happy for his own good) extended his hand saying “Hey Boss, if you want to die from a dragon at least it should be a proper one, you know, all grown up and ready to swallow you hole” the Inquisitor looked Iron Bull sarcastically, took his hand and tried to stand up but the wound in her leg was pretty bad so with a clang she fell down again. Solas run to her “I believe we should head back Inquisitor, the camp is not far, you should rest your leg if you want to fight this dragon” said Solas skeptically. “Oi! Make up your minds quickly I don’t like standing here, go back or let’s kill this damn thing and get it over with” cried Sera. “Solas we came here to slay a dragon, what can you do for that bite?” said the Inquisitor, “That’s my Girl… errr… Inquisitor Boss” said Bull. “I can only make it bearable, the pain I mean, you will be able to stand but it must be treated properly and quickly” Answered Solas “Then lets slay the fucker quickly” growled Nyx.They found the dragon in her lair, she was ready to fight them hissing, spitting fire. Nyx and Bull charged while Solas and Sera fought at a distance. The cut and slashed through the thick dragon skin, and for a while Nyx thought that this skin was impenetrable but after some time she saw red blood coming out from the dragon’s leg. At this sight she took faith and her