t seem as chilling as it had been before and Zayn gulped nervously, his thoughts racing.

 


 It looked like a date. 


 


 He didn’t want that. 


 

Two plates, two glasses, one bottle of wine and two candles.

 


 Too much? 


 

He didn’t know.

 

His fingers started rubbing against his forehead.

 


 Everything was far too complicated. 


 

 They  were complicated.

 

Liam was.

 

And he was too.

 

His gaze stayed glued to the clock.

 

It ticked.

 

Loudly.

 


 He was late. 


 

Zayn controlled his anger.

 


 He would be there soon. 


 

Zayn ignored the building frustration.

 


 He would come. 


 


 This time, he would. 


 

Tick.

 

Tack.

 


 Ten minutes. 


 

Zayns hands started shaking, his eyes squinting.

 

His thoughts swirled around in his head, thumping and pressing against his hurting head.

 


 He would come. 


 


 He had to. 


 

He jumped, as his phone started vibrating.

 


 Once. 


 


 Twice. 


 

It stopped.

 

A message.

 

He couldn’t stop his fingers from shaking, as he unlocked his screen, tapping on the received messages.

 


Got caught up in work,



won’t make it 2day


 

After that, a second text.

 


M sorry, m8


 

Zayn stared at the screen with a blank face.

 

He read the message.

 

Again.

 

And again.

 

Word after word.

 

The grip around his phone tightened as he got up, slowly walking towards the table.

 


 The two plates, the two glasses, the one bottle of wine and the two unlit candles. 


 

His phone landed on the floor.

 

Screen facing the ceiling, as Zayn started shoving off the plates, making them fall to the ground with a loud crash, breaking in several pieces.

 

The loud noise did it.

 

It fueled the fire, burning in his veins

 

It made his angry thoughts overrule.

 

It made anger overrule his pain.

 

He exploded.

 

Glasses, forks and knifes landed on the wall as he pulled off the white tablecloth, ripping it in pieces with his left hand exploding in raging pain, the burned wound pulsating.

 

He didn't notice the hot tears wetting his cheeks.

 

Tears filled with pain.

 

Tears filled with frustration.

 

Tears filled with hate.

 

Again and again, he threw his fists against the wall, blood trickling down the back of his hand as he grabbed a chair, throwing it against the drawer next to the door, making one of the legs break as it swept away the pictures on the drawer.

 


 The picture of him. 


 

He threw it against the wall.

 

Red wine was dripping off the table, red like his burning blood that covered his hands when he fell on his knees, fisting his hair as he tried easing the raging pain in his chest.

 


 Why did it hurt so much? 


 


 Why was his chest on fire, burning with every heartbeat? 


  

He hated him.

 

With every fibre of his burning soul.

  Zayn screamed, at the top of his lungs, letting frustration take him over and not noticing as the display of his phone flashed, a message popping open, in the middle of the trashed eating place.

 


I’ll be home soon, Zayn,



I promise


 


--


 

“What is happening to me?”  

 

Zayn turned his head, drunkenly staring at the blurry faces in front of him.

 

The alcohol burned in his blood, made his sight fade, only to come back and fade again seconds later. His head swayed back and forward and he didn’t dare moving as his hands clenched around the bar.

 

Cool material against his fingers.

 

He grinned, slurring something even he didn’t understand.

 

Clinking class.

 

His skin burned.

 


 What was he doing here? 


 

He didn’t know.

 

Squinting his eyes, Zayn stared at his feet, his fingers drawing lines on his leg.

 


 L. 


 

The music started to get louder.

 


 I. 


 

His eyelids fluttered and he grinned, laughing quietly.

 


 A. 


 

Without a reason.

 


 M. 


 

Again, again and again.

 

The same lines over and over.

 

He remembered.

 

 Liam  had kept calling him.

 

Eventually giving up.

 

Because he wasn’t supposed to care this much.

 

Zayn remembered.

 

He remembered his anger.

 

The fire raging through his blood.

 

The cuts, the broken glass.

 

He had to drink again.

 

He had to forget again.

 

It hurt.

 

He hated it, the pain.

 

His eyes watered as lights started flashing his face, dancing across his features, making him squint.

 

“Fuck off.”

 

He mumbled, turning his head, as the bartender looked at him in a strange way.

 

Didn’t he see the lightning beams making Zayn squint his eyes to tiny slits?

 

He slid off his chair, tumbling away from the bar, almost crashing in a guy in a black coat.

 

He could hear him scream.

 

He didn’t really care.

 

He just kept going.

 

His feet seemed to wobble as he wanked from side to side, his fingers looking for the door handle. He needed privacy.

 

Privacy.

 

No, he needed his phone.

 

Stumbling into the men's room, he disturbed a couple toring at each others clothes, looking at him in a startled way before leaving the room in a rush.

Again,