he considered heading through the window, but resolved to stick to the old ways.  So, the back door it was: relatively flimsy, broken with misuse…

Well, old habits die hard. And a destructive attitude was not so much habit as it was nature. 

Crouching and silent as possible, Gilbert flipped out a pocket knife and jabbed it into the screen. He was gleefully in the middle of dragging it down through the mesh, trying to carve out an opening big enough to walk through (some door that would be) when he was faced with two dainty little shins, dimmed dark on the other side, in front of his face. Before he could raise his eyes or lift his legs, the screen door had flung open inwards, and outwards came one not-so-dainty foot, which promptly fell right into his face.

“Don’t think that I’m impressed,” Elizaveta said with distaste, and dipped to haul him up by the collar of his jacket. She yanked him up and inside. Like a true gentleman, the sputtering Prussia took it as an express invitation into her abode, and took no time to judge the interior—Elizaveta had tossed him onto the floorboards with a thud, leaving his vision spinning just so. 

“Not so happy to see me, Lizzie?” he asked, excited rather than annoyed. He reached out and caught her ankle, and before she could twist out of his grasp he yanked hard enough that she toppled gracelessly to the floor, too, and from there, it was only following tradition that he get her pinned. It’d been too long since he’d just been able to slap and hit and roll and tussle, way too fucking long, he’d make a massive mess of her house and clean it spotless right after. 

She grunted as an answer, and socked him across the cheek. He was delighted. 

“Sorry to get caught like that—“ he bit out, struggling—their hands were locked, shoving against each other, elbows jutting every which way as they tried to secure the other’s immobility. Prussia had the advantage, but Elizaveta had a base of grit not to be trifled with. “Just thought I’d drop in—a surprise, you know—“

“You’re crazy,” she said through her teeth, pulling up her leg and ramming a knee into his gut. He lost his air, she pushed him over on his back and pinned one wrist as she covered him—her knee, his diaphragm. She pressed in, so he thrashed. “I felt you coming—as soon as you entered the country, you moron.”

Odd thought, that. Their feelings were not so specific as to track another nation within their borders, or to discern the guest nation’s identity. He made a note of it, though—she’d never felt him coming in Vienna.

“Could’ve been Ivan,” he reasoned, freeing his wrist and sitting up; she deterred a punch, her hair falling over her face. Oh, but he could see the look in her eyes.

“Oh, no,” she responded, shunting him into a formidable headlock. He struggled. “He’s all done picking on me—I hear—lately all that guy’s been doing—is fucking with the GDR—“

She huffed, and for one moment, they were catching their breath. Then she continued, squeezing tighter. “So of course—poor little Gilbert—would come—running here eventually—“

“Oh, shut the hell up,” he said, hotly aware that her logic passed, and further aware that she didn’t take one single step on German soil when it was her in the dog house back in ’56. But as soon as he’d hit his breaking point, he’d gone on an impulse road trip—an escape—and found himself en route to Hungary. The amount of effort expended just to get here to be wrestling with her on the floor was a dead give-away: he needed this, needed her. She had the upper hand. He could hardly think of a time when she had not.

“Why should I? You show up here—immature as ever—and wreck things like a vandal—“ 

“Ich bin der sohn meines vaters,” he interjected from under her arm, trying to shove it off his throat. 

“—and you expect me— to entertain your sorry ass? My lands are closed to you if you’re going to be violent.” 

“Not violent—just wanted—a talk.” Finally, he was able to loosen her chokehold and throw her off him by sheer speed of the hands, retaking his spot as top man. By talk, of course, he meant spar, he meant grappling, he meant safe antagonism—the kinds of tools used to heal all his hurt, they knew. He gave her a zealot’s grin. She grimaced. “Come now, you’re overreacting like a girl— I didn’t bring a single tank with me, I swear, Ungarn