Asking hadn't gotten him  anywhere. Malik took another step and he heard Ryou turn to face him,  eyes on the door despite the tears. "Malik, don't open that door!  DON'T!—go..." the voice had risen, much louder than Ryou had ever spoken  to him, and then he relented, as though he'd realized how loud he was  being. A bit better. Maybe, if he pushed a little more—

His  face hit the door's surface before his fingers reached the handle, and  he was barely able to turn his neck to avoid his nose being smashed. It hurt, and his head was ringing; it took a few moments for him to realize that  Ryou had all but tackled him. Malik was being pinned against the door  to keep him from opening it.

"Ryou—!"

A forehead pressed on  his back, and he heard Ryou's sniffling tears. It wasn't until he tried  to turn around that he noticed he couldn't. Ryou was holding him there,  arms keeping his own pressed against the door. "You can't leave me," he  cried. "I love you."

Malik's eyebrows furrowed as he struggled against the pale hands. "Ryou. Let go of me."

"You'll just leave," Ryou said, chest pressing into Malik's back. "You can't go." His voice was shaking.

"I'm  not going to go, Ryou." Now it was becoming annoying. Malik wasn't a  wimp by any means. Since when was Ryou able to restrain him like this?  The man couldn't even give a strong handshake, let alone... "Let go of me." He tried again, experimentally, to jerk away from the fingers gripping his wrists: no avail.

Finally  Ryou stepped back, and his hands immediately retreated, delicately, to  his mouth. "I-I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to..." He looked away. "I  shouldn't have touched you."

Malik was already upon him, hands shaking his shoulders. Ryou's body felt limp again. "What the hell was that?"

"Nothing," Ryou said.

"Yeah,  'nothing' that had me against the wall for a minute or two. What was  that, Ryou? Have you been secretly working out or something?" As odd as  the idea was, Malik had been equally insulted and aroused by the  gesture. Ryou hadn't always been like that. Not by a long shot. He would  have noticed.

But Ryou was quiet and said nothing except, "I shouldn't have put my hands on you."

Malik's  brows narrowed for the second time, and he decided to be bold. He was  best at that sort of thing, anyway. "But you should," he announced,  smiling just a little. "That's what I want. For you to treat me like  I'll get away if you don't watch me. You never know..." he joked.

Ryou's frown didn't encourage him. "No," he whispered.

"No?"

"No."

"Well why the fuck not?" Malik shouted. "I've been talking to you for weeks—you finally, finally do something I like, and then you won't ever do it again? I don't get it. I don't get you. What's going on?" Ryou tried to turn away, but Malik's arms righted him—or, more correctly, Ryou let himself be righted. "What don't I know about?"

Ryou turned away. "I just want to be normal, Malik. I don't want to hurt you."

At this, Malik grinned. "I like being hurt. It's not something you should feel bad about."

"There is a difference," Ryou told him, "between hurting you and hurting you."

"Ryou, I don't have time for your word games. Say what you mean, or I really am going  to leave." Not really. Not after being held like that, but he wanted  more. Ryou always said nothing, just walked away, and they were finally  talking. Things were happening and they were different.

"I..." Ryou sighed. "I have nightmares, Malik."

"Yes, I know that. You've always had them."

"About you, about Yuugi; about everyone."

"Well, I kind of assumed that. Bakura kind of wanted to kill everything. Makes sense."

"But it's not him. It's me. I...sometimes you just make me so angry,Malik."

That was a bit of a surprise. "Well, it's nice to know I make you feel something."

"Don't say that." Ryou held his head in his hands.

Malik felt like he was on the brink of something. Ryou was about to say something important. "Keep talking."

"I  don't just get angry, Malik