his spine months after the fact. Additionally, seven years of sniping at each other were not put aside all that easily, particularly since the venue of their conversations had not changed, even if they now occupied the respective other side of the bulletproof window.

Simon’s father shook his head in disbelief. “You were honestly ready to die for that girl? I still don’t know whether to be impressed or worried that you might have a few screws loose…”

“Anata,” Masako cut in. “He considered the mother his master. He chose the most honorable path. Migawari is… old-fashioned, yes. Perhaps I am to blame in raising him that way. But please, do not believe him deranged for it.”

Of all people, his mother would understand. No one else had been entirely able to wrap their heads around his willingness to sacrifice himself for Athena, not even she.

Simon sighed and closed his eyes. “It is as Mother says, although there is more to it. Dr. Cykes lost her life due to my investigation. I didn’t know it at the time, although I came to realize it soon after my conviction. I should have provided additional security, or at least been less inept in concealing her involvement. Hell, I should have been there earlier that day to confront the abominable blackguard, myself, before he had a chance to strike her down. Indirectly, I do bear blame for her death. Keeping her daughter safe to the last was the least I could do to atone for my failure.”

Suddenly, he felt a small, lean hand settle on top of his, and looked up at Masako, who was now firmly shaking her head.

“You were still so young, seven years ago. You were given the task to hunt a man without a face, all by yourself, and you sought help from your mentor, which was willingly given. Do you not think that additional security would not have meant much? Do you not think that this spy, if you had confronted him one-on-one, would have bested you? Honor is important to a samurai, but it is not besmirched by not being all-knowing or all-powerful. Chōnan mo, kore o gozonji deshō.”

Simon let out a huff, half-amused, half-bitter. “Hmph. Kekkyoku, ano yatsura wa ore yori unmei o gyakuten shiteta ze. Hontō ni, chikara ga nee shōko ja nee no kai?”

His sister’s insistence on the retrial, at the cost of her own freedom. Athena’s insistence to use her Mood Matrix on him in a bid to see through his lies, and on accepting her guilt as truth the moment she had managed to do so, as long as he would walk free. Wright’s and Edgeworth’s insistence on believing in his innocence in spite of his refusal to cooperate for the longest time, and on arguing their way through even the tiniest speck of evidence to the bitter end. Yes, he had stepped in to finish the job after the Chief Prosecutor had graciously allowed him to take over, but compared to everyone else’s dedication, their refusal to accept anything less than the whole truth, he felt that he had contributed very little to the outcome of the situation, that he had been powerless to change his fate by himself. The thought was humbling.

Masako squeezed his hand slightly. “Power can also lie in accepting the aid of others, and in working with them to achieve great things.”

“Your mother is right,” Marcus agreed. He might not have understood his son’s assertion, but he had gleaned the contents from the context of their conversation.

“You’ve always been one to make your own way, but sometimes, it takes a little friendly help if what you’re up against is too big for you. This spy sounds like a dangerous fellow, and from what the articles said, you and all the others almost didn’t manage to pin him down in that courtroom, even after everything was out in the open. You’ve got him now. He’s done for. And you’ve done your part in getting him what he deserves. Heck, without you willingly going to jail, the girl would’ve taken the rap, and he would’ve likely given the system the slip without that report you hid away, and that ability of hers to make use of it.”

Simon was surprised to see a minute smile appear on his father’s features. “As strange as it sounds after all the hullabaloo about the ‘Dark Age of the Law,’ in the end, you’ve done this country a favor in becoming, what was it, the ‘Twisted Samurai?’ If it hadn’t been for you, this menace to our national security would still be free to plan his next attacks. I’m proud of you, son.”

All that Simon could do in response was sharply nod in acknowledgment; he did not trust himself to speak, as he was sure that there would have been an uncharacteristic waver in