s alright Zayn," Liam murmurs into the other boy's hair. "Hey," he pulls away and takes Zayn's face in his hands, thumbing away tears. "You're gonna be okay. You and Perrie, you're gonna have such a good life. I'm so happy for you, love. You're gonna have kids and a big backyard, I bet, and you will be happy, I promise you. You and I, we can't have that. I can't ever give that to you. You know I would if I could."

"I love you so much, Liam," Zayn whispers, and Liam told him, told him not to say that, but it's too late now, because Liam's just felt his heart crack in his chest.

"Fucking hell, Z," Liam mutters, and then he kisses him hard, urgent. Liam presses him up against the wall and tries to memorize the way their bodies fit, the way they've always fit, and Zayn's hands have always found such a lovely spot at the back of his neck. He can taste salt on Zayn's lips, and he licks it away, tries to absorb the taste of cigarettes and the smell of cologne and the way Zayn's always been so soft for him.

"Places!" someone calls, and Liam adjusts the bow tie one last time, gives Zayn a soft kiss now, holds onto the sides of his face while he presses another one to his forehead.

"I love you too, you idiot," Liam breathes, so soft he's not sure if Zayn hears it. He half-hopes he doesn't.

-

Liam smiles as he follows Louis and Jesy down the aisle, and it feels all wrong, seeing Zayn standing up there in his tuxedo, lips still pink from when Liam's were pressed against them, and Liam doesn't remember how to breathe for a moment before he steps up to stand behind Zayn in line with the rest of the band. They're all groomsmen. Liam feels Niall's shoulder brush his, a tiny smudge of comfort from the younger boy. Liam is grateful anyway.

Perrie is gorgeous, stunning in all white with her back-to-blonde hair, and Liam doesn't look as they say their vows, not trusting himself to not run up and drag Zayn away, take him back and kiss him hard. When the reverend says "speak now or forever hold your peace," Liam feels Louis's knee knock against his, a reminder to stay calm. As if Liam isn't enough of a coward already, as if he hadn't already let him go the day he signed that goddamn contract.

As Zayn says, "I do," Liam remembers Zayn tucked up into his chest the day they announced the engagement. "D'you think- d'you think we have other lifetimes? After this, do you think we'll get other chances?" he'd said. Liam was always the sensible one but a part of him had longed for it, ached for the reassurance that this wasn't the end. "Maybe," he'd said because he couldn't stand for another thing to come between them, not days or years or lifetimes.

Liam claps when they kiss and smiles as they walk away, man and wife. He doesn't trust himself to talk, and the other boys don't seem to either as they pile into the car to go to the reception.

-

"Another glass of the red, please," Liam says to the waiter.

"Might wanna slow down a bit there, mate," Harry pats his arm from the seat beside him. "We've not even gotten to dessert yet."

Liam doesn't answer, choosing to stare down at the empty wine glass in front of him. There's not nearly enough alcohol in him yet.

The first dance is sweet and romantic and the song is Unforgettable by Nat King Cole and Liam's forgotten that Perrie is actually quite classy at heart, past rainbow hair and piercings and purple lipstick. Liam watches the way she smiles up at Zayn and is glad she at least appreciates what she has now, what Liam doesn't.

Niall drags him out onto the dance floor as the song shifts to party music, something loud Liam remembers from the radio but not well enough to know the title. Zayn grins as someone claps him on the back. He doesn't meet Liam's eyes; they're both too careful, and Liam suddenly feels like his chest is too tight.

Not enough, his mind echoes, never enough with him, always needed to be closer, and his heart pounds as he pushes his way off the dance floor. He wasn't enough for Zayn, and there's nothing to change that now. Liam doesn't get his goddamn first dance or his morning smoking habits and she does, she has him. Liam doesn't know he's