hauled her against his confined erection and moved his left hand to slip between her legs. Buffy groaned loudly and threw her head back as he began to stroke her roughly through the fabric of her drenched thong.

“Mmm...just like I thought. My naughty kitty’s all wet for the Big Bad.”

Spike fisted the fabric in his hand and with a sharp tug, he tore it from her body. Without breaking eye contact, he brought them to his nose, inhaled the delicious aroma and tucked them into his back pocket.  The memories would stay with him forever, but it wouldn’t hurt to keep a souvenir, would it?

Buffy shivered as he traced her swollen labia with his fingers. Meticulously, he gathered her juices and teased her aching entrance. An excited gasp tore from her lips as Spike’s thumb brushed over her clit and without warning, plunged two long fingers inside her silken walls.

“Tight little thing aren’t you?” Spike said, as he proceeded to thrust his digits within her.  “Gonna stretch you, my little kitten. Make you feel so good, I’ll have you begging for more.”

“I’m not the begging type,” Buffy gasped, as he curled his fingers inside her. His talented digits brushed against a particularly sensitive spot and she fisted her fingers in his gel-confined curls.

“We’ll see,” Spike said confidently, as he felt her fragrant juices start to pool in his hand.

Buffy was unable to tear her eyes away from his smouldering gaze as she bucked and whimpered against his exploring fingers. A fluttering sensation spread throughout her body as Spike drove her steadily towards unprecedented heights of passion. Panting heavily, she groaned his name and screwed her eyes shut as she threw her head back in pleasure.

Spike could feel her internal muscles flutter around his fingers as her orgasm quickly approached. She whimpered desperately as he suddenly withdrew his touch and took a step back from her quivering body. Confused eyes fluttered open and Buffy took in the sight of the self-satisfied master vampire before her. Her mind was racing as it struggled to overcome the demands of her over-sensitised body.

“Why did you stop?”

She winced at the whining tone that laced her question.


Oh, God, can I sound any more desperate? Horny, thy name is Buffy!


Spike took a step back and hooked his thumbs under his belt. The position framed his sizable bulge and he fought back a groan when Buffy’s eyes widened and she subconsciously licked her lips.

“Got something better than my fingers, luv.”  He stepped towards her again and drew her trembling hands towards his belt.  “Unzip me.”

Moving of their own volition, Buffy’s hands shook from nervousness as she fumbled with his fastenings. After several failed attempts, she popped the button of his jeans and slowly drew the zipper downwards. She was unable to suppress a moan as his engorged shaft sprung free into her waiting hand.

Spike fought to maintain his composure as Buffy wrapped her delicate fingers around his cock. She was so bloody warm and her innocent actions were driving him insane. He couldn’t wait to lose himself inside her tight pussy. The searing heat alone would probably dust him, but he wanted nothing more than to be buried, cock and fangs, inside the sweet haven of her body.

“You’re so big,” Buffy said, as she began to tentatively stroke his hard length. Her grip was light as she gathered the pre-come from his swollen head and used it to ease her movements.

Spike preened at her appraisal of his manhood and tucked an errant lock of hair behind her ear. For a second, his amber eyes faded to blue as a wave of affection rushed over him. His gentle smile faded when he remembered himself and fixed a cocky smirk to his lips.

“Don’t worry, luv. I’ll make it fit.”

Spike carefully removed her hand from around his throbbing length and pushed her back against the rough stone wall. He slipped his right hand under her thigh and opened her up fully. With an overconfident smirk, Spike stepped between her legs and poised his cock at her tight entrance. Taking his erection in hand, he rubbed the rounded head against her folds and teased her until she writhed against him in a panting frenzy.

“What are you waiting for?” Buffy asked in exasperation, frustrated that he appeared to be toying with her. Spike grinned as he hooked her leg behind his denim-clad thigh and continued to massage her sodden flesh. It took all of his self restraint not to just slam into her tight little body and show her what a real man was capable of.

A look of pure mischief flashed over his face as he tangled his free hand in her hair and yanked her head back to stare into her lust filled eyes.

“Beg me!”

Spike laughed as she groaned at his words.  “Say it, Slayer. Let me hear the words.”

Unwilling to play the submissive role for a moment longer, Buffy grabbed his cheeks between her palms and refused to break his authoritative gaze. With