They’ve talked some in the few weeks they’ve spent out in the world together.  Not extensively, but not infrequently either.  He’s told her about his son, about the world they once came from, about this world, and how it all came to be mixed up into one grand, complicated journey.  He does most of the talking, as she has no memories on which to draw.  He tells her little about herself the woman he knew before that night.  He mentions bare facts occasionally, his voice full of emotion.  He told her that, as frightening as the world may seem, she is one of the bravest people he has ever known.  He told her that he owed her his soul, that if it were not for her he would have given into the darkness a hundred times over.  He told her that she loved him, and wanted him to be a better man.  But each time, he told her only that small bit of information before falling silent, his eyes filling with sadness and guilt, and said nothing more about it.  Sometimes she wonders what she was like before, who she is supposed to be, but despite her curiosity, she is glad that she doesn’t push, doesn’t try to force her to be a woman she doesn’t even know.  He hasn’t told her much about himself, either, beyond what is necessary to explain the rest of it.  She wonders if he thinks she wouldn’t like him, if she knew more about him.

The minutes stretch on in silence, and he seems to have no more idea what to say than she does.  She bites her lip and leans back in the tub, trying to find a comfortable way to rest her head back, and finding only hard marble instead.

“Here, let me,” he says, eager for something to fill the silence.  He reaches for one of the small towels and folds it just so.  Then he reaches for her, his hands gently brushing her scalp as he lifts her head and places the makeshift towel beneath her.  Just as suddenly, his fingers are gone, and a shiver runs through her despite the warmth of the water.

She watches as he sits back again, still fidgety and uncertain.  A bit of curiosity strikes her, and she tilts her head, trying to measure his mood.  “How did we meet?  The first time, I mean.” 

He stares at her, startled, like he forgot she was there.  He swallows a little and studies the engraving on the head of his cane.

“It was back in the other world, right?” she presses, and he nods, but doesn’t seem particularly inclined to elaborate.  She chews her lip, and takes a deep breath.  “I’d like to hear about it.  Please?”

He finally meets her eyes.  His are sad and nervous, but resigned, much as they were when she told him she wanted to join him on the journey to find his son, and he realized there was no getting out of this.  He’s nervous, doesn’t want to tell her the story, but he sighs all the same.  “You were… about twenty, I suppose.  I told you about my abilities and… reputation in the old world.”  She nods, angling her head on the little pillow to watch him better.

“Your father was a knight, in charge of a small and rather isolated village.  You two were the highest royalty in the area.  Functionally you were more like a princess.”

“Really?” she asks, smiling.  He nods, the corner of his own lip turning up.

“Your town had gotten itself mixed up in a rather messy war with ogres, and you had very little hope for survival.  You called on me to protect your town.”

“How bad was it?  That they were desperate enough to call you?  You said you didn’t have a very good reputation then…”

“Very desperate.  Many people had died and I understand your father had tried everything else he could think of.  And they didn’t summon me,” he corrects, meeting her eyes, stray bits of hair obscuring his face.  “You summoned me.”

“I did?”

He smiles a little, nodding.  “As I said.  You are quite brave.”

Are.  Not were.

“In any case, I was… quite fond of such desperation.  It made it very easy to get what I wanted in exchange.”  She wants to ask what he wanted in exchange for their protection, but she sees him struggling to get the words out.  Struggling to be honest with her.  So she waits, and despite the itch to know, lets him take his time.  “I was also… quite lonely.  I had a rather large estate all to myself, and I only saw other people when I needed something from them.”

A little piece of her heart breaks for him, the quiet sadness in his voice.

“I thought perhaps if I had someone else around, someone I could see and talk to each day,