, THAT’S NOT WHAT I WANTED TO TALK ABOUT AT ALL!!”


Hi guys, it's been a long time...I am terribly sorry for not updating fics for a while (Actually, it was pretty long isn't it...)...Please left kudos if you like this fics and building critiques will be very appreciated...And please pray for me for the upcoming test, okay?[Note: Imagine Pitou like the one from Hunter x Hunter, okay?]

Hi.. umm.. sorry about the extremely long update...You see, I still have to study a lot for the test right now.So, all my update is gonna get much longer than usual..PLEASE FORGIVE ME!!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


Chapter 2.5: A Meeting with All Might (Part 2)



 Normal POV 



“WAIT, THAT’S NOT WHAT I WANTED TO TALK ABOUT AT ALL!!” 


Hearing the loud screaming, Pitou and the customers turned their head to the source of the sudden screaming…

…in short, they are all looking at All-Might (in his true form) and Izuku.

“S-Sorry about that…” All Might nervously lower his head and keep apologizing, hoping that they would just pretend to forgot about the whole thing.

One by one, the customers turn their head back to their own table. Doing whatever they were doing before the screaming happen.

Some of them are now eating, while others are chatting with their friends…

But there’s one thing All-Might knows for sure…

None of them is sleeping like Izuku did right now…

“Hey, wake up…” All-Might whisper to him, hoping that he will wake up

“Hum…” Izuku tried to open his left eye, struggling to be awake from his slumber.

 “Ah, sorry to just suddenly go to sleep like that…” Izuku said, the boy then seeing his own wristwatch on his left hand.

 “Um... sorry. I need to go now. Can we continue this talk later…” Izuku said with a tired tone, he then stand up and preparing to leave.

“Here’s my number.” Izuku put a contact card, some money, and coupons on the table they were sitting on, and quickly run out to the door.

 “W-Wait!!” All-Might tried to run after him, but fail, due to his weak physique in his true form. He return to sit back to his chair, checking the contact card the boy has left him.

‘So he’s a mechanic…’ All-Might thought, looking closely at the cards Izuku had left for him

A waitress in a maid outfit then come and put a large plate of sushi and another plate of rice and curry on the table. And at the same time counting the money left by Izuku.

“Enjoy the meal~” the maid said, before leaving All-Might with his foods.

‘HOW THE HECK AM I SUPPOSE TO FINISH ALL THIS?!’ All-Might mentally scream, after seeing the very large portion of foods Izuku ordered.


 Izuku POV 


“Man, I really need to get some sleep…” I mutter, as I rest my back on the bed.


‘How the heck could I still be so sleepy right now…’ I mentally said to myself. ‘…yeah, probably staying up all night watching an anime is a bad idea…’


“Oh well, I guess I’m gonna take a pretty long rest...” I decided, “…after all, the entrance test was tomorrow.”

I set my alarm clock at 03.00 A.M., hoping that I will still have some time to take a nice bath and breakfast without worrying about being late at the exam.

 Tomorrow is the exam after all…

As always, constructive critics are appreciated, and flames are not.Which reminds me, can you guys tell me what's an OC and OOC?Note: I call it chapter 2.5 because it was pretty short, and I'm hoping to do a better and longer chapter later on...wish me luck!

Sorry for the late update, this is the new chapter that I've finally done making.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            



PART 3





*Sasageyou.. Sasageyou… Shinzou wo Sasageyo--



”That alarm active now…?” I mutter, it seems that my alarm clock is broken that the clock is almost 2 and a half hours late. “If I happens to overslept that long, I might be screwed now…”

I take towel to wipe off the waters on my hair after I took a shower to clean the sweat from my usual morning’s exercise.

“…You know what, I think I’m gonna play that song again.”



*Sasageyou… Sasageyou…



Well, that alarm clock is technically just some junks I made for training a few years ago, so it's actually surprising that it still works. While it's broken as an alarm, the time is still correct even now.

As I replay the song again, I pick one of the bananas I bought yesterday while I re-check the weapons