at how awfully young he was; shouldering such huge burdens and responsibilities. Oh, Lord…

"That was a very difficult decision I had to make on Libra," Heero started quietly, his tone lack of any feelings. "I was thinking of giving up, I was losing hope. And then I realised that I did not want to die. A thought came up in my mind when I fired Wing Zero's buster rifle. People were created to be loved. Thing were created to be used. It is… the reason the world is in endless chaos is because things are being loved, but people are being used."

Relena gaped in awe. She was genuinely flummoxed – she didn't expect those kind of thoughts would come out from Heero Yuy. Her brain slowly processed his words, and she nodded in acknowledgment. She tentatively put a hand on his arm, and she smiled when she didn't feel even a slightest movement that indicated that Heero was uncomfortable. He had accepted her presence fully; he didn't hesitate anymore.

"If only people have a good heart and mind as yours, everything will be easy," she sighed. "But I guess these complications are the things that shape people into a better one, what do you think?"

"Yes, I think so." His deep blue eyes searched her, and once again his lips formed an ever so slightly smile. "But if not, then where would be the fun of living a life itself? The struggle to survive this life alone is already a mesmerising affair for human to contemplate. We learn and grow from it."

"I agree. You know what? It shouldn't be beyond the wit of man for them adults to see upon this life like you do, honestly," said Relena serenely. "You are mesmerising."

"I learned from the best." Heero returned her favour, looking Relena squarely in the eye. "You make me understand the world better."

"No, no, quite contradictory, you make me understand a whole lot better. Your insights, your thoughts, they offer me a whole new point of view I never imagined before. I'm truly grateful for having you beside me. You bring the best out of me. So… thank you for everything you've done for me until now. Thank you so much for your endless support. Thank you so much for being a dear friend. Thank you so much for simply being here with me." She took a deep breath, and squeezed Heero's hand – tightly; trying to convey how much she meant her words of gratitude. "This is it – this is what I meant back then, do you remember? What a wonderful universe this world would be if there's so much love within one… "

"I do not deserve gratitude. I am a soldier, and it is my duty to protect you and the people. It is my obligation."

"Stop thinking yourself as a mere soldier. You are equally important like the rest of us, you have a place in this world. Because, Heero, there are people in this world, who care deeply for you. Understand that your kindness pays you twice; and that is the highest prize one can get. You care so much for the good of this world – and it makes you a very dear person to people around you. Believe it or not, it is the fact. You are a dear friend and family to me. I thank the Lord for your presence… perhaps, you shall consider this carefully: you're a whole person and individual. Please always remember that."

Heero was deep in thought as he listened to Relena. He was silent; and it took the boy a little while before bracing himself to face the vice minister to say a quiet yet very gentle: "Thank you."

Relena beamed; the weight lingering in her heart promptly vanished and she gave a light pat on his back. "Thank you too. As always, for your insights. This left for us a warm dinner and bath, I guess."

"Intriguing." Heero nodded decisively as he stood up, and Relena felt a smile crept back into her face.

Everything was alright now.

 April 7, AC 200


Preventer Brussels HQ, Medical Centre and Hospital floor



1100 hours


Sally Po was never a huge fan of a sick Gundam pilot, especially a particular Heero Yuy.

It was with no reason that she was outraged by the young man's obstinacy – a patient of liver transplantation had to be very careful during the first stages of the first few weeks of recovery; for infections can be a real danger, because the medications taken compromise the body's defence systems. The first three months after transplant were the most risky for getting such infections as the flu; so patients should follow precautions, one of them was to stay out of crowds. One thing that was vital to ensure that the transplant was successful and that the patient would live a long and healthy life was: the patient must get a good medical care, prevent and treat complications, keep in touch with doctors