coming, and then he makes wanton, obscene sounds instead, and Steve blushes so hard Bucky laughs in his face.

Peggy muttered something, when he ticked her off, about a riding crop. Steve went red and Bucky laughed so hard he choked on one of the peppermints she brought him special. He never gets that spanking and he daydreams about it at least once a week.

Sam knows what he’s doing. His hand is the best: even, precise, strong enough to turn those little white cheeks pink, even if it fades pretty quick. He introduces Steve, too, to better paddles, leather-bound paddles specifically for consensual adult spankings, whisk-like little floggers, and new, beautifully fashioned, special ordered crops, on which Steve politely passes.

Natasha offered. He’s thinking about it.

Anon: For a prompt, I want Bucky being an ass man, appreciating all of the fabulous posteriors that have graced his life.

Bucky vaguely remembers his dance hall days, the girls he spun around in their fluffy, frilly skirts, learning to swing and box step and fox trot. He mostly remembers their chests against his, the scent of various perfumes, the brush of silky hair against his neck, but he’s teaching Natasha a step when his hand brushes her backside and he’s jolted with a memory of a gorgeous, dark haired girl in pink lipstick and a yellow dress, her bottom warm and round under his hand, and when he comes back to himself, he’s curled up in a ball, and Natasha’s crouched across from him.

“Did I hurt you?” he asks her, rasping and hoarse, and she shakes her head no.

“What was it?” she asks.

Bucky laughs, low and humorless, eyes on the floor. “You got a smaller tail than the last girl I danced with regular,” he says, then glances up at her. “It’s still real nice, though.”

She rolls her eyes, but he knows which version of a straight line is Natasha’s real smile.

Steve was always little below the waist. Bucky and Sam trade quiet, admiring mutters about his ass, and when Sam mutters, “The things we can do with that narrow behind,” Bucky goes quiet for a minute.

That narrow behind, he remembers, when it was even smaller, how he could cover the whole thing in his hands, grab it and lift it and pin Steve to the wall without even an effort. The first time he got his hands on it after it got a little bigger, how Steve moaned, relieved Bucky still wanted him. Didn’t think you would, he’d said, Figured I was too butch for you now.

Still got a narrow behind, though, Bucky had returned. I wouldn’t mind slipping it to you.

He sips his hard cider when he comes back to the moment, and Sam brushes their upper arms together.

“You okay?”

“I’m good,” Bucky assures him, making eye contact so Sam can be sure. “Just thinking about that ass.”

Sam snickers fitfully, and Steve looks up and narrows his eyes at them, suspicious, so Bucky blows him a kiss, which makes Steve’s brows furrow as he goes back to being terrible at dodging Natasha’s kicks.

“I know,” Sam says, and Bucky blinks.

“What?” he asks, not allowing his running pattern to screw up his breathing.

“It’s a damn work of art,” Sam says, and Bucky watches the smile crooking the corners of his mouth.

“Enlighten me,” Bucky says, increasing his speed just a fraction so he and Sam can look at each other more easily. “The fuck are you talking about, Sam my lamb?”

“My ass,” Sam says, pleased. “You can’t tell me that ain’t why you were running behind me. You were checkin’ me out.”

“It’s definitely big,” Bucky drawls, “But I don’t know if I’d say it was a work of art.”

“Liar,” Sam says, confident. “You’re into it. You hang on to it real enthusiastically when we’re foolin’ around.”

Bucky considers. Sam’s ass looks good in jeans, in running shorts, in his underwear when he’s having a no-pants day. It’s pretty nice when he’s naked, when it’s tight and straining when Sam’s dick is in Steve’s mouth, or relaxed in the shower with suds sliding down it. It feels good, too, solid but with a springy give to it, Bucky does like grabbing it when they’re making out on the sofa or in the bed.

“It ain’t bad,” he says, casual. “I’m in favor.”

“Uh huh,” Sam returns, dropping his hand and smacking Bucky’s butt. “Speed up, Steve’s gonna lap us again in a minute, gotta look like we’re