, although Faith wasn't looking at her. "A lot happened today."

"A bit too much."

"You really didn't want this, did you?"

"You may not have noticed, but I am not good with people. And most people won't consider me particularly trustworthy. Can't blame them, really." Faith shrugged.

Willow definitely was one of those people. However, this night she felt something other than disappointment or indifference towards Faith. She had seen Faith's face when people started to talk about making her their leader, and she believed that Faith had not wanted to take Buffy's place as a leader to all the Potentials. And when Faith had entered the living room again after Buffy had left - Willow had seen something in Faith's eyes. She didn't quite know what to call it, but the word 'sorrow' came to her mind. Maybe Faith truly did regret what she had done in the past.

"Kennedy seems cool," Faith suddenly said and cut Willow's thoughts short.

"Yes, she's wonderful," Willow said.

"That didn't sound too enthusiastic."

Annoyance crept into Willow's voice. "Actually, it's none of your business."

Faith raised her hands defensively. "Whoa, slow down. I was just making some conversation here. Didn't know it was a sore spot."

Willow turned to look at Faith. She had never considered Faith as someone you could actually talk to about meaningful things - Faith had always been the 'fun' one, the one who went to the Bronze with Buffy and partied, the one who beat the bad guys and got the guys, the good and the bad ones. And now Buffy was gone, Xander had his own problems, Giles was certainly not the right person to talk to this about... somehow, Willow felt the overwhelming need for someone to just listen to her.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at you." Willow sighed. "I actually came out here to think about Kennedy; it's a bit of a sore spot right now, I suppose."

"You guys having a fight?"

"No, not really. I am... I suppose it's just all going a bit too fast right now."

Faith nodded. "Yeah, from what I've seen she does seem a lot more outspoken than you are. No offense to you."

Willow had to grin a bit. "None taken."

"So you're having doubts that this is a good thing?"

"No. Yes. I don't know." Willow looked upwards at the stars again.

"What are you afraid of?"

"I'm not afraid."

"I think you are. If it's going too fast, you just need to tell her. But I think that you are actually afraid of something."

Willow was silent. She didn't want to talk anymore; she didn't want to think about it anymore. Coming out here had been a mistake, just like talking to Faith. What could Faith possible know about having a relationship, about anything.... But something in her agreed with what Faith had said and so she hesitated and did not just get up and leave.

Maybe Faith was right, maybe she was scared.

"It's just that they… they keep leaving me." And there it was, Willow realized, the reason she had been too afraid to voice, but that it all came down to. They kept leaving her. "Oz left. And Tara…." She trailed off, still not able to say it. To say it was to make it even more real than it already was. So painfully real.After a moment's silence, Faith spoke again. Her voice was soft in a way Willow had not yet heard from Faith. There was genuine concern there. "Do you think it's your fault? Tara, I mean?"

Willow was taken aback by the question, but not because this was something she had never thought about. She had spent so many hours thinking about it. "Maybe," she answered.

Faith gave a short laugh. "Nice try, Willow. I'm a lot of things, but stupid doesn't quite fit. You have yourself convinced that it was your fault."

"Why do you say such things?" Willow didn't look at Faith. It upset her a bit that someone who didn't really know her would be so quick to come to these conclusions, true as they might be. And they were true, after all. She had not been able to shake the feeling of guilt since the day Tara had died. Or rather, since before that, since she had started manipulating the one person she had truly and deeply loved in the world.

"I know someone who blames herself when I see her. Been there, done that and everything."

"So I do blame myself. And why shouldn't I? I was there when she was killed.