cock. That's why you won't give me the gun." This made Liam laugh obnoxiously; he couldn't believe that Louis would suggest that.

"Don't flatter yourself, Lou. You're nothing compared to my ex, Harry." Liam bragged, and Louis raised an eyebrow. This confused him slightly, and that was when he smirked at the weaker murderer. "You wanna bet, pretty boy?"

With that, Louis slapped Liam's chest hard. Jumping up from the bed they were forced to share, Liam grabbed Louis by the hair. Literally throwing him to the ground, and straddling his waist. "Shut up, Lou. Yoi could never fuck me like he could." Liam laughed, and Louis was quick to flip Liam on his back.

Bringing his fist down onto Liam's face, Liam let out a pained scream. "You fucking asshole! Way to kill my boner!" Liam screamed as he pushed his fellow murderer off of him. The truth was quite clear to Louis now, and that being Liam was a big softie.

"Oh shut up, you're just lucky I didn't aim for your nose." Louis scoffed, and Liam ran into the bathroom. He knew he was going to have to get Louis back, but Liam didn't know how yet.

That's when they both heard a knock on the door, and Liam began to panic. Louis shut the bathroom door while Liam was in there. Only because he would blow their cover, and Louis knew they both didn't want that.

"Yes?" Louis asked, only cracking the door a little bit. Sighing of relief when he realized it was the housekeeper.

"Would you like some fresh towels, sir?" she asked with a friendly smile on her face. Which made Louis sick.

"Yeah, that'd be nice. Come in, and you can set them on the bed." Louis smiled back at the housekeeper.

Once she was fully inside the room, she heard the television.

"These men are armed and dangerous, if you see them, contact the police right away."

Showing their faces, she was about to scream. Thankfully Louis covered her mouth, and whispered, "I wish you hadn't seen that." Laughing, Louis wrapped both his hands around her throat. Squeezing as hard as he possibly could, she struggled against his grip, but he was way too strong.

Once she was lifeless in his hands, he placed her on the bed. "Stupid bitch." he snapped, and that's when Liam walked out of the bathroom.

"Why'd yo--" Liam was in the middle of asking, but Louis cut him off.

"Help me drag her into the bathroom, Liam." Louis demanded, and Liam nodded.

"Why did you kill her?" Liam asked, and in that moment Louis showed sign of remorse for what he had done.

Louis shrugged, and that was because he didn't want to worry Liam. But they both knew that they were going to have to leave right that moment. "Pack your things, we gotta go." Louis stated, and Liam nodded in understanding.

Packing their things quickly, Liam was the first one done. Getting all his things, Louis stopped to put the housekeeper in the bathtub. She was completely dead, and Louis was happy with his work.

"Come on Lou, hurry!" Liam yelled, honking his car horn a couple of times. It was nine at night, and it was pouring down rain. To Liam, rain was peaceful and nice. But to Louis, it was an evil thing that must be stopped.

Running to the car, Harry was quick to get into the car. Once his seat belt was on, Liam pulled out of the hotel parking lot in a hurry. They had to get out of there as fast as they could. "Calm down Liam, we're not going to get caught." Louis stated, and Liam laughed obnoxiously loud.

"Yeah fucking right, you just had to kill the housekeeper!" Liam shouted as soon as they got on the busy road.

"Quit being a wimp. You're really annoying." Louis spat, and Liam began to get angry.

"I am not a wimp, if I was a wimp, would I do this?" Liam asked, and Louis turned his head to see what he was about to do.

Pulling out a knife, Liam sliced a cut on Louis' face, which caused him to scream out in pain. "What the fuck, Liam?" Louis screamed out, and Liam laughed as he put his knife back in his pocket.

"Aw, are you going to cry?" Liam pouted, but his pouting soon turned into laughter.

"Yes, but it hurts quite hurts." Louis said, rubbing his fingers over the gushing area.

Louis gave Liam a dirty look before turning to look at the window. He was obviously angry at Liam, but a part of him felt as if he deserved that. "Drive to Ohio,