know them. In fact, he disliked two of them. No matter how much Belle had praised Gaston for everything he had done to help her and had made it clear that she'd never harbored any romantic feelings for him, Gold couldn't help but feel some jealousy toward him. He knew it was irrational, but it was how he felt. Killian Jones was another story. He was movie star handsome and a little bit to touchy feely with Belle as far as Gold was concerned. David Nolan was the only one Gold liked. He seemed like an all around good guy and he was Mary Margaret's fiancé. He liked Mary Margaret.

"Dad, I was starting to get worried about you. Is everything OK?" Neal looked concerned.

"I'm fine. I got distracted by an urgent business matter. I've tried not to work this week, but I had to take care of this one issue."

"OK." He put his arm around Gold's shoulder. "We'll be done with this game in a little while. Why don't you grab yourself a drink?"

Gold made his way over to the bar. He did not like this place at all. It definitely needed a cleaning. Gold wanted a scotch, but wasn't anxious to drink out of one of their glasses, so he ordered a bottled beer instead. That seemed like the safest choice to him.

He walked slowly back to the pool table where the others were gathered. They were talking sports as he'd expected and the conversation was mind-numbing to him. He'd never been a huge sports fan, which was odd in some ways, considering how competitive he was. But he'd never developed an interest in it.

"So who do you like in tonight's game, Mr. Gold?" David Nolan was trying to engage him in conversation.

"The team not expected to win." Gold always went for the underdog.

"You're not a sports fan, are you?" David was grinning.

"What tipped you off?" Gold responded drily.

"Are you up for a game of pool?" David tried to engage him further.

"I'm willing to take my chances." Gold knew he could easily beat any of them even though he hadn't played in years.

"Guys, let me warn you, my dad's an expert pool player. It's nearly impossible to beat him." Neal whispered to his friends.

They laughed, not believing him. They'd played pool often in college and were all excellent players.

"Don't say I didn't warn you." Neal was laughing to himself. His father would win this game even if he'd never played before. The man was good at everything he attempted. Neal had never met anyone as competitive or as naturally talented.

"Dad, what should we do with five players?"

"Cut-throat. It's good for five players and it's quick and fun. I don't think we want to get too competitive, do we?"

"No, cut-throat's perfect."

They started to play and Gold loosened up. He even removed his jacket and tie in order to give himself more freedom of movement.

The game proceeded and the conversation about sports continued. Gold thought about Belle and what she'd predicted about the conversation. He knew that they weren't going to get all personal with him.

Gold went easy on them for the first game even though he ended up winning. He chuckled to himself knowing that they couldn't believe he had won.

He kept up the charade in game 2, winning again right at the end.

They took a break before the third game and decided to order something to eat. By now Gold had had a couple of beers and was less concerned about the cleanliness of the place. That or he had forced himself not to think about it.

"So Mr. Gold, you and Belle." Killian Jones was the first to broach the subject.

Gold just looked at him. Killian was grinning in a way that rubbed Gold the wrong way. "What about me and Belle, Mr. Jones?"

"We're all wondering what your intentions are toward her. We don't want to see her get hurt."

Gold felt irritated, but reminded himself that these were Belle's friends and that they did care about her. Of course Belle had been right. He should have listened to her and been more prepared.

"I have no intentions of hurting Belle if that's what worries you. Quite the opposite if you must know. I only want the best for her. I'd do anything in my power to make her happy."

"So this relationship is serious? It's not just a one-week fling?" Killian pushed further.

Gold felt his blood boiling at the insinuation. "It's quite serious, Mr. Jones. I would never even think of having a "fling" with her." He softened