. Besides, it is obvious he is nothing more than one of many for you.”

“Go on then, if you really want everyone to know your past,” said Gildor with a shrug.

Erestor smirked. “Do you think I am afraid of you? There is nothing which you can prove now. He is dead, and all those who might have spoken of it are, too.”

“Yes, you made sure of that during the war,” interrupted Gildor before the sentence was finished. “But... I am still here, and I am the one you should be afraid of.”

“No one would ever believe you,” replied Erestor flippantly. “No proof, no witnesses, no credibility.”

Gildor smiled the frown away. “I thought you might say something stupid like that. I knew you would go back on your words. And your words are exactly what I made sure I had.” Gildor then withdrew a tattered book that had been tucked between his vest and loose fitting shirt. He lifted up in one hand and stared directly into Erestor’s eyes. “I suppose you forgot about this.”

Dumbfounded, Erestor recognized the item immediately. It was a journal he had thought lost during the last alliance, kept with him until he had been injured at the end of the war. He had lost track of it and thought it destroyed somehow or buried under the rubble of war. It was just out of grasp, unless he was to lunge for it. Blurbs and passages ran through his mind, and his heart raced as he recalled some of the more private entries made.

“Relax, Erestor. Sit down.” The second command was given quite sternly, and Gildor opened the book as Erestor dumbly settled back into the rocking chair. “Time for a little bedtime story. Oh, here we have one of my favorites. ‘I love to watch him sleeping. He rests so peacefully, though sometimes it scares me because he is so still I flash back to seeing him dead. More than once I have woken him on the false accusation I have heard something, just to be sure Mandos has not snatched him away. If only my fears could be quelled by keeping him safely in my arms through the night, I could feel his breathing, the beat of his heart, and sleep well.’” Gildor looked to be sure that Erestor appeared suitably mortified, then flipped back to another entry. “ ‘This morning he came to my room to discuss battle strategy. He had been up all night speaking to Elrond, so he had showered before coming to see me. He wore only pants, and from what looks I dared, nothing else beneath them, and certainly nothing else that I could see. His skin looks so soft, I desire to touch it, first with hands, then lips, then... my mind hazes to a place I should not dare go. He brought breakfast. We happened to pass closely as he entered, and I indulgently inhaled his scent as he slid by. I felt like an adolescent barely beyond his majority. A voice in my head tortured me the entire time, teasing me with ways I could end the conversation and get him into my bed. So many things I think of doing with him – all the things I thought to do to Naro.’”

Erestor’s skin, normally darkened from the sun, had paled considerably since Gildor brought the book out. He barely breathed, mind racing, still contemplating how to obtain the damnable book, but it was not even his hidden sexual yearnings that turned his stomach, as it was the part that was read next.

“ ‘I have spent countless nights in the darkness, staring absently at the ceiling and out the window into the night wondering who my father really is. I want so badly to believe it is Orome. I hope with all my heart that it is. But Orome only declared it when it best suited him, and not with the sincerity I would expect of a father. To contrast, M. did so at the worst possible juncture, and with no possible gain. I still wonder, and if it is true, does he hate me now for what has happened to him, or should I hate him for what he put me through. It certainly would explain my temper.’ “

Gildor closed the book with a snap. “It was a very good idea for you to abbreviate his name in this section, just in case this book fell into the wrong hands. So many names that begin with M. But you seem to lack consistency, because you call him by his full name – well, the one your ‘Naro’ gave him – twice later.”

No reply seemed suitable, so Erestor said nothing, and did nothing. He did nothing to hide the shock, shame, and pain so evident in his expression. “You bastard,” was all he finally managed in a harsh, whispered voice.

Gildor tucked the book safely away again, and stepped forward. He bowed at the waist and wrapped his hands around Erestor’s wrists, fingertips touching the wood of the chair as he hissed into Erestor’