, that seems to be the case…because,” he tilted his head slightly and cleared his throat,” when we were sitting there I accidentally touched his hand, and he didn’t pull away, he let me have my hand against his and…”He stopped, it was like he couldn’t find the words, like they were stuck somewhere mid air and wouldn’t be uttered. He felt ashamed and wrongfully accused at the same time and he couldn’t really understand Dean’s reaction to be honest.

 

”I was curious, okay?!” Cas said defensively as he sat up straighter. ”I wanted to know for sure, I wanted to know that it wasn’t a mistake, that him not moving his hand meant something…so I,” he stroked the nape of his neck,  ”I sensed him.” He blushed. 

 

Sam looked puzzled, a deep frown on his face. ”You sensed him?…what does that even mean?”

 

Cas fidgeted in his chair. ”I mean, like when I check on you guys for internal injuries, I can do that to sense true feelings too…I’ve never done it before, but I can…” He slumped back in his seat again and looked down at his lap.

 

”Oh.” Sam leaned back into his chair contemplating what the angel just said. ”So…what happened then?”

 

”I kissed him.”

 

”Okay? But he didn’t want you to, or…?” Sam was really confused. He already knew what these two really felt for one another. He got that his brother being human and Cas being an angel might make it difficult for both of them to admit it but there was no doubt in Sam’s mind what was developing between them.

 

”Oh, no..it’s not that…he seemed very much into it…at first.” Cas blushed again. ”But then…I don’t know…he pushed me away, and told me to leave.” Sam could see tears rising in Cas’ eyes. ”He told me to never come back.”Cas gave Sam a quick glance before turning his head to blink the tears away.

 

Dean was sitting on his bed, back against the wall, feet and legs resting on top of the covers, just like he had been sitting that night when Castiel was there with him. He could almost feel the angel beside him. Dean looked at his hand, where it lay on the bed the same way as it had that night. He closed his eyes, remembering Castiel’s hand against his and the jolt of warmth that had suddenly shot from the angel’s hand, right into his heart. He reminisced the way he had leaned in and softly kissed Dean. The taste of the angel’s lips against his, the soft sound of his hand touching the bristles along Dean’s jaw. It had been total bliss, like nothing he had ever experienced before.

 

But then…that was when everything he had ever feared about loving the angel seemed to come true.

 

He had opened his eyes and stiffened.

 

The angel’s wings had been unfolding to surround them both. At first, Dean had been touched by the gesture, then he realized how the feathers were falling like cold winter snow around them. For every new kiss Castiel gave him, more feathers seemed to have dropped from his wings and slowly float down towards the floor and bed.

 

The words from another angel had begun echoing in his mind, ”The moment he laid a hand on you in hell, he was lost.”

 

Dean had choked. What if…he couldn’t even finish that train of thoughts, he just knew he needed Cas to get out of there.

 

He had shoved Castiel off him, almost making the angle fall off the bed.

 

”You need to go!”

 

Castiel had been looking very confused by the sudden change in Dean’s demeanor as he regained his balance. ”Why? What happened??”

 

”Go, just…go!” Dean had turned his back to the angel when putting his feet on the cold floor. His insides trembling with agony.

 

”Dean, I’m sorry…I really thought you wanted…” Castiel had tried to place a hand on Dean’s shoulder, but was shrugged off as Dean stood up.

 

”I want..” Dean’s voice had failed him so he cleared his throat and with newfound determination  said ”No, just go. You need to leave!”

 

Castiel had gotten off the bed and with a distraught look he had tried to catch Dean’s eyes.

”I don’t understand…? Dean, please!”

 

Dean had looked at Castiel one last time as he walked towards the door with unwilling steps. Dean wanted to stop him, but instead he had laid a hand on the angel’s shoulder and with mild force he had pushed him out into the hallway.

 

Castiel had tried to say something, plead with him to not do this but Dean had made up his mind. ”Just. Go. Away.” he could still reminisce that horrible and nauseating feeling he had felt as he