right? Oh, Yuri, you absolutely shouldn't have!" She erupts into a fit of cackling again, hugging her arms around your waist tighter than a boa constrictor, "Marrying a woman you only know by an alias, my, how scandalous!"

"I assure you, that is not my motivation!" you struggle to say under her embrace, "If that were the case, I would have asked about your name!"

She uses her hold on your torso to swing herself onto your lap, landing with a grunt and resting the tip of her chin on your chest. "Oh, Yuri! Have you no shame? You can't just ask a lady's name like that when she goes by a psuedonym! Not that I have any qualms telling you if you asked, but..."

"Please, I don't want to marry you! I just want to see Dr. Cykes again!" the words gallop out of your mouth bluntly, and though it was only the two of you alone together, the silence of the room is jarring.

You turn your head down to look at Bikini, who doesn't look back in return, resting both hands and the side of her head on your breast, eyes shut. "Ah, a thousand pardons, Mr. Cosmos, I thought I could lighten your spirits a bit with a warm welcome." She pushes herself up from her position, putting both hands on her hip and looking down at you expectantly. "You know, the master's here again, visiting! Want me to bring her over, dearie?"

Readjusting yourself on your seat, you bow your head slightly and tell her yes. Bikini walks off, sliding a door open and closing it behind herself, leaving you alone.

The last time you came here, at least, the last time you came for a channeling- the master of the Kurain Channeling Technique was at the location for intensive training purposes. Sister Bikini thought it would be a good measure of her skill to attempt a channeling then and there. Although you had no doubt that it would work, the fact it succeeded straightaway took you extremely off guard.

You've prepared yourself now. Nothing can surprise you in your element of readiness.

The door slides back open and a familiar figure is pushed through, stumbling to regain her balance in a body not entirely her own. You hold your breath and curl your hands into fists tight enough to dig your nails into your palm, trying to keep yourself prepared for this. She notices you, head tilting more to the side. In a quiet voice, she asks, "Director Cosmos?"

You're frozen solid. She starts to walk towards you, and you rise to your feet, holding your arms out in front of yourself to catch her in case she falls over. There are so many things you want to say to Dr. Cykes... where do you even begin?

"Director... Cosmos?" she repeats again.

"That is me, yes!"

Sometimes you wish speaking wasn't expected for you to get your words across.

Dr. Cykes blinks, leaning over you and looking around the room. "...you've called me again. Is there a reason?"

"I... I wanted to see you again, Dr. Cykes. Last time... wasn't really the best, we got off on the wrong foot- I, wanted a do-over for that. As well as to tell you everything that's happened now, I hope... I hope you don't mind," you stumble over your words and intonation clumsily, eyes darting from your hands, to the wall, to your feet, to the corner of a ceiling, but avoiding her gaze.

She puts a gentle hand on the side of your shoulder and you anxiously look up at her. "I don't. We aren't strangers. Please tell me about your concerns, Director Cosmos."

You breathe a sigh of relief, sitting back down on the floor and waiting until Metis sits as well in order to start speaking. You tell her all about what happened, from Starbuck going on trial to the hostage situation at the space center and how Aura was imprisoned, to Athena and Simon's proven innocence in court. It always was simpler for you to simply retell specific events, but, there was one thing you had difficulty bringing up to her. Hopefully you could refrain from saying it entirely.

"...can you tell me about Terran?" she asked, saying the one thing you wish she hadn't.

"O-oh, Clay. Yes, I could... tell you about that. Ha ha..." it felt like being under the scrutiny of a thousand people, being under her eye. You swallow hard, averting your gaze again, "He's... I'm sorry... he was such a nice child... he didn't deserve being used the way I- had him, used. Perhaps he would still be here, had it not been due to. The flaws of my plan to save him."

"I see..." Metis