squirm closer, eyes closed in the darkness of the room to focus on what he feels, on the heavy thud of his heart in time with Yancy's, on the way his brother shudders as Raleigh's fingers dig into his shoulder and the small of his back through the stiff fabric of his flight suit. 

"Anything you need, Rals," Yancy murmurs again, thoughts echoing his name as his lips brush the corner of Raleigh's mouth. Raleigh feels a helpless shudder of desire move through his brother, and an unspoken plea for reassurance and validation, and he realizes that he can't make Yancy shoulder the burden of this action alone.

'This,' he replies as his lips find his brother's, relief coursing through them at the warmth of the caress, how perfect and welcoming it feels, and fuck the rest of the world because no-one but them could ever understand this. He draws a sharp breath as Yancy steers him back towards his bed by memory, cupping the back of his head with a hand as he shoves Raleigh back against the corner of their bunks and claims his mouth hungrily, groaning as his tongue pushes past Raleigh's lips to taste him. In the darkness and the remains of the drift it's hard to tell where one ends and the other begins, and yet it's still not enough, not nearly close enough.

He tugs at the zipper of Yancy's flight suit, filling his hands with the warmth of his brother's skin and feeling the touch resonate back through their bond. It's more intense than he could have imagined, much more than anything they've felt like this before, and in moments he's tugging frantically at Yancy's clothing and trying to squirm out of his own all at once. Yancy's hands are hot on his skin as he shoves his boxers down with the rest of his flight suit, his lips hotter as they burn a brand of passion into his throat, teeth scraping against his skin, nipping at his collarbone and pulling a trembling cry from his lips. "God!" He tangles his fingers in Yancy's hair as his hips buck up against him, crying out at the pleasure that shocks through them as his erection slides hot against Yancy's, against the firm stretch of his abs. 'More, god, more Yance, don't stop - '

Yancy's fingers dig into his hips as he rolls his hips against him again, savaging his mouth with kisses, pressing Raleigh back hard enough against the bedpost that it feels like he's trying to crawl inside him. His thoughts are a jumble of hot desire and desperate love. 'Won't - god Rals, so good - everything you need my baby brother, god, Mine - '

The last thought is accompanied by a surge of possessiveness that makes Raleigh gasp aloud, mind spinning with thoughts of belonging, of being completely possessed and taken. He pulls Yancy down into bed with him in response, hooking his thigh over Yancy's hip and rocking up against his cock as he pulls his brother's hand back to press against his ass, asking with a wordless plea of thought and groaning as Yancy rubs one blunt finger against his hole.

He groans, breath gasped and trembling against Yancy's mouth between kisses as his brother massages him gently, pulling away only long enough to grab a bottle of lube that Raleigh should have known he had and is very glad he did. The slick side of his brother's index finger pressing inside him feels like nothing else, gently stretching him open and teasing against that hard nub of pleasure inside him, and before he knows it he's near sobbing for more, drunk on pleasure and sensation and wanting everything.

He'd never thought it would come to this, or known how much he wanted it to, wanted to give himself over to Yancy completely, body trembling and sweating and aching for sensation as he writhes against him. Yancy's up to three fingers now, fucking him slowly and murmuring soft nonsense against his hair that resonates through the drift as a trembling intensity of love-wonder-desire-love. He can feel how desperately hard Yancy is, cock slick with precum where it rubs against Raleigh's own, how every time Yancy twists his fingers inside him the pleasure echoes back and forth across the drift. He knows Yancy would never hurt him, would do anything for him, and the care he can feel resonating from his brother is warm and loving and tinged with a shade of that possessiveness that makes Raleigh's toes curl. He can feel that it's taking every ounce of Yancy's self control to be patient and hold back from just fucking him into the mattress, and that's the last straw that breaks Raleigh's. 

He pours more lube on his fingers, kissing Yancy hard as he strokes his cock slick, then tugs Yancy's fingers away, ignoring for a moment how empty he feels without them. Then he pushes his brother onto his back on the bunk, straddling his hips and reaching