be on their way to the Hinterlands by sunrise. If she required a stronger sword before venturing into the barren Hissing Wastes, Harritt would be at the forge posthaste, sweat pouring from his brow as he crafted her the finest sword they could afford.

Yet when faced with making a demand to one particular qunari, she found herself trembling and nervous, like a child asking their parent for another slice of pie when they had already eaten three.

With Bull, she was becoming greedy.

She doubted that he was bothered by this.

In his usual chair she spotted him, tankard of ale in hand, posture wide and relaxed. He had that way of appearing comfortable regardless of his surroundings. It was part of what made him both imposing and attractive.

For a fraction of a moment, she slipped into the shadows to watch him. In his element he was even more confident, yet his eye darted around his surroundings; comfortable, but not unwary.

Through the shadows his eye fixed on her, and the fire that passed between them caused moisture to pool between her legs.

Slowly, calculating his every move, he placed his tankard on the table, lifted himself with the power in his broad shoulders, and approached her, his sharp eye never leaving hers.

He stepped before her, blocking out all light from the tavern, and, with his wide hands on her narrow wrists, pushed her against the wall behind her, his breath hot on her neck.

Into her ear he whispered, “Meet me in the undercroft at midnight.” He bit her earlobe playfully before pulling away, giving her no more words or signs of affection.

She was positively soaked with anticipation.

–-

The undercroft was blissfully empty when she arrived; she was in no mood to come out with an excuse to send Harritt and Dagna to their beds. Although no candles were lit, the moon was full, setting alight the tools of the Inquisition’s crafters in pale silver. She ran her fingertips over the hammers, weapons stands, crates of runes, and every other tool designed to keep the Inquisition well-equipped. She reached the end of the undercroft and leaned over the railing, the breeze from the waterfall pushing stray hairs from her forehead. She wore naught but a silk robe tied at the waist, and a gust blew it open, tickling her bare breasts with a cool breeze.

Just as she closed her eyes and lost herself to the music of the water, broad, warm hands grasped her wrists, securing them behind her. Strong teeth planted into her shoulder, and she could feel his hardness press into her lower back.

More than anything, she needed to feel him inside of her again. For weeks she had traveled across the Graves without him at her side; for weeks when she had retired she had to bring herself to the brink before she could sleep.

Every time, it had been Bull in her thoughts, his lips pressed against her bare skin, his hands holding her in place, his cock filling her.

Now that she had returned to him, she could barely wait any longer until she felt him again, and a shiver of anticipation racked through her at the thought.

“It’s been so long, Kadan.” His voice was strained as he spoke; he felt the same anticipation as she. His free hand stroked down her back, parting her legs to press against her bare wetness. And, oh, she was wet, and how he groaned when he felt it.

“I thought of you every night,” she whispered, her voice drawn from her throat by need.

“Did you?” He chuckled, low in his throat, yet his question was conversational in spite of the fact that his finger was circling her warmth. “And what did you do, when you thought of me?”

Her voice was even lower when she muttered, “T-touched myself until I came.”

His hand lifted from her wetness to rest on her ass before he laid down one swift spank. “You’ve been naughty, have you?”

“Yes.” She was so thirsty, thirsty for him, as parched as a woman lost in the desert for weeks without sign of water; she had her first glimpse of an oasis, but she knew Bull, and she knew he would not give her that oasis without a fight.

His hand was now on her back, pushing her over the railing. He secured her hands with a length of leather behind her back and pulled up the back of her robe, leaving her exposed before him.

For the first time, she turned to gaze at him, and she realized with a start that he was already undressed and as hard as she’d ever seen him.

She swallowed when he bent down onto his knees.

She gripped the railing when his curious hands began to explore; her sides, her legs, her loins, anywhere but where her heat was desperately centered. Each touch was a bolt of lightning straight to her core, and when she moaned involuntarily, he spanked her again.

“So naughty…” he whispered. “What did you think of me doing when you touched