the sound vibrate in his mouth, and Father makes a low, drawn-out sound.

"Y—you're getting s-sidetracked," Father pants, hips hitching. Papyrus hums again, this time in agreement, and slicks a tongue against the bottom of the tentacle.

Father shudders— fingers sliding over the curve of his skull, scratching gently.

Papyrus ducks back; slips away from Father's grip, and lets the tentacle slide out of his mouth.

"A BIT," he agrees, and looks up at Father— at the flush to his cheeks, and the way his ribs rises and falls with pants. His eyelights are small, pulsing, glimmers.

Father looks down at him, hand clenching and unclenching, and then he huffs out a strained laugh.

"Better?" he asks, voice not in the least under control.

Papyrus nods— the nervous edge is mostly gone, a soft thrum instead of an overwhelming thing.

"YEAH! I'M READY," he shifts slightly; positions himself better, and the tentacle reaches for him, end curling and twisting at air.

Father's hand curve over the back of his skull, and he steps closer— Papyrus exhales slowly, focused, and then it's right there—

The tentacle slips in tentatively; skims over the dips of his socket, and his breath hitches— spine going straight and vision going odd.

It doesn't hurt— not really.

"Ah— is it okay?" Father asks, voice gentle, and Papyrus swallows; curls and uncurls his fingers, and yes.

He can't get his mind to work enough to answer, so he just leans his head closer; tentacle sliding further in, and Papyrus' breath goes funny.

The shaft slicks wetly against the sides of his socket, and the tip curls against the back of his skull, teasing over thin bone. Father groans above him, soft and tight, and Papyrus echoes the sound.

Father pushes him closer; fingertips curling in under the dip of his skull, gently scratching over and over the bone.

Slowly, jerkily, Father starts to move— gentle motions, like swaying, and the tentacle slides out and in, the edges of his socket slick.

Papyrus head swims— his magic pulses and throbs, and his breath is warm. He meets each thrust, and liquid is pooling in his mouth, sharp with the taste of Father.

"D—DAD," he manages, voice high and needy, and Father picks up the pace— just a bit, and Papyrus moans.

The tentacle shifts— curls downwards, brushing over the back of his mouth, tickling across bone, and—

Liquid slips out his mouth, slides down his cheek; he makes a soft sound, tonguing at the appendage in his mouth.

Father moans— jerks forward, and his hip taps against the side of Papyrus' face.

"P—Pa-pyr-uss—" Father groans, hip hitching and tentacle sliding back and forth, smooth and slick across his tongue.

Papyrus can't speak— too full and mouth occupied, and so he just moans, drool and other liquids pooling out and running down his face and neck.

Father picks up the pace— thrusting fast and faster, and Papyrus can't hear anything over the roar of magic; can only focus on the slick surface sliding and slipping against the inside of his skull, filling his mouth and every inch of his head.

Father comes first.

Magic surging and sparking throughout his bones, and Papyrus chokes on the feeling of his Father's magic running inside his skull, mind slipping and being dragged into its own spiral.

His magic pulses, surges over him and he swims— like he's air and he's everywhere and nowhere, and the sound of his own orgasm drags him back to reality, dumps him into a shaking, shuddering body.

He gasps; Father is panting, and his hands shake on Papyrus' skull, and the tentacle slides weakly along the bottom of his mouth, the top of his skull.

Father exhales. Slowly, haltingly, and Papyrus can feel the magic shifting inside him— the tentacle dissolving slowly, and the feeling of it fading away makes him groan, a half-strangled moan.

Father gently pats his palm over the back of his skull.

"Sssh," he says, and his voice is strung-high, shaky. "I got you."

Papyrus whines— he feels shaky and strung, and his magic is still right there, whispering and thrumming; he leans forward, taps into Father's hip immediately.

They're both still gasping, and for a while, they just remain there— Papyrus leaning against Father's hipbone, liquid warm inside him, and Papyrus' eyes are slipping close before he knows it.

His breathing is soft.

"Okay," Father says, voice sudden; his palms curve around Papyrus' cheek, gently pushes him back. "Let me get you up."

Hands touches his bones, works the binding around his wrists off— every touch feels like fire, like it's all he can