He usually ignored them until they went away. This was *not* going away.

And it wasn't something he wanted to learn more about. He liked his somewhat interesting blowjobs and he liked slow or fast sex, but it was sex and exploring and face down spreadeagled on a mattress was neither. "Stop, stop, please stop... Nyet!" Hah, god of all the times for him to try Russian.

That got nothing but laughter and a stinging slap on his ass, even as one of the more familiar hands slipped underneath his body and a callused thumb rubbed over head of his constrained cock, and then there was an emptiness in his ass, and then a weight and warmth of a mainly clothed body on top of him, pushing in on him even as that thumb moved slowly over sensitive skin.

Right in with hardly any pause. Rodney bit his bottom lip, and groaned, trying to keep himself still even with the man pushing into him. His dick was too thick for Rodney's preference, and he didn't stop and start the way Carson did and the way Rodney usually *asked* people to do. 

At least with Carson if he asked  he would...

 No. Present tense. There was going to be no asking again, just strangers doing whatever the hell they liked apparently without any regard for anything and *fuck* what was the man's hurry? Wasn't like there was something to rush off for in Siberia. But no, he was going at his ass like he was on the clock and had to get a job done.

It couldn't be *that* bad, could it? Rodney pulled at the restraints at his wrists, and tightened his muscles, trying to fight against the man because laying there was getting too much motion with too little lube, like he was just a hole to fuck. He might as well have been a sock for the way the man was pummelling him.

It made him pay more attention to the hand gripping his cock and slowly fisting at it because at least there it seemed like someone was paying a vague form of attention. It was hard not to respond to fingers on his cock, pumping carefully up and down, wrapping around the crown and then back down, squeezing occasionally. He wished it didn't feel as good as it did.

Because that just had to be wrong that some part of him was getting off on being tied up and raped, and hey there was a part of him that considered he ought to be fighting to the death over this because wasn't that what Freemen did? Imperials? He'd seen movies where the manly heroic idiot did everything but submit and...

 That wasn't John was it? No, no of course not, John had been the other way. And that at the same time. Only he was last seen head first into a wall.

 How much longer? How much more? He had a suddenly rather hysterical urge to ask if they were nearly there yet because this was so incredibly surreal. Fast and detached, like he wasn't even worth fucking, which made Rodney want to demand why they were doing it in the first place because it wasn't breaking him, no, no, it wasn't going to make him cooperative at all.

 Someone was laughing from the doorway.

He didn't like the thought he was some sort of public spectacle, that anyone could be just standing there watching and just great. The guy seemed to be turned on by the audience and things became a little less mechanical and he really hoped there was no diseases because he wasn't using a condom and oh crap... there...there he went. Flush of vague warmth inside of him.

Done, finished, and Rodney wasn't. He breathed hard, pulling at his wrists again while the clothed hips started to pull away from him, and god-damn, that cock was pulling out. Finally.

There was moment of cold metal too close to his cock, and the tightness there released with a rush of sensation that had him dizzy, out of control as that hand moved hard and firm on his traitorous erection.

Fine. He wanted Rodney to come, Rodney would come already. He'd get it over with and maybe if he came, they'd leave him alone. He was going to pretend he couldn't hear people chatting, pretend that he couldn't understand them anymore than he already couldn't.

He didn't bother to hold back, and it was the strangest feeling he'd ever had, to come while being angry. No, more than angry. Furious. Maybe he was meant to be cowed, traumatised but he wasn't right now. He was angry enough to fight at the ties even as he came all over that rough unknown hand.

 Yeah right. Of course it was Kolya.

It seemed like him to want to be there, to want to be the one humiliating Rodney, and he just wasn't going to let it happen. He wasn't going to be