position is terrible because of Kali.

Kali, who likes to watch. She's seated in the chair in the corner of the room, one arm draped over the carved arm of the chair, the other holding a lit cigarette to her lips. She blows smoke rings lazily, a dragon watching them with well-hidden interest, and waits for Raphael to be here, in this position, before she speaks.

"Were you expecting to walk away with him?"

Normally Gabriel would be able to follow what she means in any situation, but Raphael's fingers tighten on his neck and her hips shift just so and his mind goes blank as Raphael considers a response.

"It would have been convenient if it had gone that way, yes."

"Arrogant," Kali says, and flicks ashes off of her cigarette. "I've always had suspicions about the reason for the long absence of angels from Earth."

Gabriel watches Raphael's hair fall back over her shoulders as she looks at Kali, and sneers. He doesn't even think of trying to tell her that he can't breath when her hands are this tight on his neck.

"We were ordered not to interfere," Raphael says tightly.

"Except for the presence of your lower cherubs, and the variety of rogue or fallen angels. Convenient."

Gabriel draws the line at breaking bones. He doesn't think it adds to sex in any way, and besides, he's no masochist. He raises a hand to Raphael's hip, not expecting her to actually pay attention, but her eyes are drawn to him, and his neck, and she lets go, pulling her hand back.

"Don't expect me to waste a healing on you," Raphael says cooly, and looks at Kali. "We never questioned our orders."

"Past tense?" Kali asks while Gabriel rubs his throat lightly and thinks about trying to get Raphael to move.

"There have been no orders in a long time," Raphael says, and she's bitter. If she's trying to hide it she's failing, and Kali blows a long stream of smoke at her.

"The lot of you are insufferable puppets," Kali says. "Or so I always thought. Your God should have left sooner so that I could have had opportunities to play with you before you tried to end the world."

Gabriel makes a choked sound as Raphael begins to move, hard and fast against him, her hips snapping down on him and up, her gaze on Kali steady as she moves.

There's power curling around her as she moves, and Gabriel knows that there would be death if not for it being Kali there. He also sends a quiet, discreet prayer off in thanks of his still being in possession of what he was, and all the power that entails, as he does not care to think of what would become of a lesser angel, let alone a human, if they were where he is now.

Raphael is angry, and perhaps that is why Kali drops her cigarette into the ashtray as she stands up.

Gabriel can only watch as Kali fists Raphael's hair in her hand and jerks Raphael around to look at her, to kiss her, and Gabriel feels Raphael's claws drag down his chest. It stings, but she's still moving and he can't stop himself from watching them, from coming hard into Raphael, crying out at his release, even as Raphael doesn't stop moving, and even as he knows they aren't done with him yet.

"I don't like you," Raphael says into Kali's mouth when the kiss breaks.

"I assure you, it is mutual," Kali returns, and she puts a leg over Gabriel's chest, sits on him facing Raphael, and Gabriel knows they are kissing again, even as he is crushed.

He has never been more grateful that he doesn't need to breathe to stay alive.

Gabriel feels Raphael slowly lift off of him, and makes another sound when Kali drags a nail down his length as it softens, and watches as Kali pushes Raphael down on the bed, and he sits up on his elbows as Kali kisses Raphael, hand still fisted in her hair.

He's not stupid, or suicidal. When he pulls his legs up and sits at the head of the bed, recovering, he's not contemplating escape. He watches instead.

Kali likes to bite, and Gabriel suspects that Raphael will learn to like it as well, and Kali bites along Raphael's collarbone, he knows that the bites are harder than they should be, if only because Raphael is digging claws into Kali's arms as she holds on.

(Gabriel would never think to call Raphael's fingers fingers. Not with those sharpened nails, and not when she does what she does with them.)

Raphael is still flushed, and Gabriel knows the moment Kali does something absolutely right (fingers in Raphael, bite at a nipple) because Raphael cries out, and she never intended to do that, Gabriel