? Dean? Are you two done?” A voice with the same note of command that Cas had heard earlier asked, freezing the boys mid-wrestling-match. They scrambled to their feet, smiling sheepishly.



     “Sorry Mom.” Sam scuffed at the deck with one foot.



Castiel looked up, finding himself staring. Mary - as Sam had introduced her - was not very tall, but exuded an air of power that could only come from years of playing a high-ranking role. Her wavy blonde hair was cropped at her jawline and her blue eyes blazed.



     “Why don’t you two put your energy to helping Cas instead of rolling around on the deck like children.” John stood at her shoulder, also radiating command.



Sam and Dean grinned sheepishly at Castiel, each walking over and setting a hand on his shoulders.



     “Sorry Cas. Follow us. Mom and Dad will hash out where you’re sleeping tonight.” Dean led Cas towards a door in the wall below the sterncastle deck.



Stairs were an experience. Cas fell multiple times before he got the hang of it.



     “Here. These are mine, so they may be a little bit too big, but it’s better than being barechested in a storm.” Dean handed Castiel a soft shirt with an inch or two of lace-up split at the throat. Cas opted not to mess with that, so he left it be. The other article of clothing was a pair of equally soft and worn-in slacks that bunched up around his ankles. “You may wanna roll the pants up to like mid-shin length so that you don’t walk on the cuffs.”



Cas, not even thinking about how humans bend, folded himself over and rolled them up as Dean instructed. When he straightened, both brothers were staring at him, slack-jawed.



     “What? Did I do something wrong?” Cas worried, popping his knuckles absentmindedly - a nervous habit he had developed over the years.



     “No, you’re fine. You just surprised us is all. People that flexible aren’t exactly common.” Sam explained, Dean still silent and stock-still.



     “Oh. I’m not your average Joe, I guess.” Castiel tried out a human phrase he had heard Gabriel use once, after a scouting adventure on dry land.




And by the Sea-mother is that an understatement.

 He thought to himself wryly.



Sam nodded, an expression of assent splayed across his features.



     “If you don’t mind me asking, where’d you get this?” Sam gestured at the length of cloth Castiel was now holding in his hand.



Castiel held it out, allowing the brothers to run their hands across it.



     “It’s a… Let’s call it a family crest, of sorts. Everyone in my family bears their own that they make. This one is mine.”



     “Wow. It’s 

really

 soft. Like liquid satin, almost. Except smoother. It feels like water.” Dean commented, fascinated by the length of ‘fabric’.



Castiel smiled to himself. A secret smile. One that just looks like a reaction to a memory.



Sam seems to notice it, and narrows his a small amount, calculating. Castiel can see the gears whirring in the taller brother’s mind. He’s smart, but no-one knows of Castiel’s species. Not for certain. Cas is fairly sure that his secret is safe.



     “That was my intention when I made it. I always felt home in the water, so I wanted a way to take it with me.” Castiel was proud of himself. Dancing around the truth, never quite lying. He had always liked the idea of venturing topside and mingling among the humans, and had sort of planned out responses to any prying question that may be directed at him. Never lies, but never enough to expose his secret.



     “Do you sail? Your gait matches a seafarer’s life. Nice and rolling now that you’ve got your feet under you.” Dean commented.



Castiel pondered a response to that for a moment.



     “I do. Like I said, I feel at home at sea.” Short and sweet. Nice and believable.



Dean nodded, before pulling Sam aside, muttering in his ear.



     “

Are you sure we should be so open with him? I don’t know if he is what he says he is. I know almost everyone around here, and I’ve never seen anyone who looks even similar to him. That cloth doesn’t feel normal either.

”



Apparently not as believable as he thought.



     “My family only recently moved to the area, but we like to fly under the radar. We’re not exactly most people’s idea of normal neighbors.” Castiel commented, forgetting that humans can’t hear as well as he can.



Sam raised an eyebrow at his brother, a half-smile quirking his lips as he glanced at Castiel.



     “Don’t mind Dean. He’s always been sorta suspicious of anyone he doesn’t know