when he realised his eyes were closing again against his will he forced himself to get up. The bed and the place were strange, he didn’t recognise them, and it wasn't until he tried to move and a terrible pain hit him from head to toe that he remembered what had happened and why he was there. Then he moved the blankets away and stuck his legs out of the bed.

The dimly lit room the night before was now bathed in the strong rays of the morning Sun, impossible to be covered by the thin curtain of the window. Now that he could see better, the room was big but moderately modest, without much decoration except for a couple of paintings. There were books piled up on the desk at the opposite wall and a mahogany wood shelf full of them, collections as well as individual books of different sizes.  However, there wasn’t a trace of someone else being there.

He must have been so tired the last minutes of the night before, he didn’t even remember getting into the bed. That, or he had passed out before being able to do it, what was also very likely. Then he remembered the other boy, Erwin, now aware that he was in his room, sleeping in his bed and not in a cell. Erwin hadn’t reported him to the police nor had he done anything to kick him out of his house. At least, not yet.

With some effort, he got up and crossed the room to the door, suppressing the need to look out of the window and be amazed at the natural light. His legs felt stiffened from all the running the night before, and in general, his whole body hurt and reeked of sweat and filth, a smell he was sadly used to.

He started to walk in slow steps through the hallway and took note of everything he saw. There were three more doors along the corridor, all of them closed, but he didn’t try to open them. The only things he could hear were metallic noises and little crashes in the bottom floor, so he decided to go down the stairs with stealth and wariness deep in his bones. Straight ahead was the entryway, the living room and the kitchen on either side. Once he was next to the kitchen’s door, where the fuss was coming from, he stuck out his head and what he saw left him baffled. Erwin was trying to cook something, but by the number of cabinets he opened and closed he didn’t seem to have the ingredients. After a few seconds he turned and caught Levi spying on him, the latter just cursing himself mentally and going rigid. He must have had his reflexes shattered, too.

“People usually say good morning,” said the not-so-stranger-now as his eyebrows raised in surprise, surely because he hadn’t heard him coming. Levi didn’t answer but simply kept staring at him suspiciously.

Unlike the night before when he was just in his pyjamas, Erwin now had dressed with a spotless white shirt and wood coloured trousers. His blond fringe was combed backwards, shiny with the mixture of some gel and his natural colour. He had a clean-cut rich boy image that made Levi feel ashamed of his own looks, something that had never happened before. In his eyes, Erwin gave the impression of having emerged from the royal court while he came from the gutter.

“You have a bath ready upstairs,” Erwin spoke again, tilting his head at Levi’s silence. “I supposed you’d want one.”

Levi remained quiet. Observing him, trying to analyse him, finding out if he was lying or not or setting up a trap. Maybe he was being paranoid, but after all, he was on his own at the Surface for the first time and mistrust had saved him from quite a few problems before. He took a tentative step backwards, then another, and then he spurted upstairs until arriving at the first door that appeared in front of him – the bathroom – and he locked himself in. With his body pressed to the door, listening was his only focus. And the noise carried on. Now it was a bit more muffled, but there wasn’t any sounds of footsteps that followed him. Weird.

As a long breath escaped from his lips, turning around made him feel almost dizzy with so much movement. The porcelain white room had more things than he had ever seen in any other bathroom. Below a mirror and pressed to the wall there was a sink, where some bars of soap rested on top, and there was also a toilet, a basin and two towels hanging from the opposite wall. And the bathtub full of water, too, as Erwin had told him.

He took his clothes off in a rush, left them on the floor and got into the bath. It was so much bigger than the basin where he had washed himself up when he was little, but of course a bathtub would be bigger than a simple, metallic bucket. The warm water was a surprise he met gladly, relaxing as soon