's room before she had a chance to comfort them one of them ran straight past her an into her house "Liam" the rest of the boys were shouting for him. She looked back towards Zayn's balcony "ZAYN!" tears streaming down her face hysterically...Disappointing. Alone. Disrespectful. Imperfect. Flaw-full. Unloved. Immature. Bad Omega.Silent tears ran down Zayn's he was staring ahead at the night sky, he was in his rooms balcony it was peaceful there he was able to think without being disturbed by anyone except the thoughts in his mind. Zayn let his head drop down he let out a deep shaky breath before shaking his head side to side pulling at his hair he couldn't do this anymore he didn't want to be broken anymore, he wants to be free he closed his eyes for a second and then opened them and lifted his head up the sparkle in his eyes missing he smiled "Goodbye" .."Eleanor's pretty cool don't you think" Louis liked her mostly because she approved of them for Zayn, they were on their way back from the club they will probably go there more often."Yeah but you heard Gigi and Zayn's dad" Liam was a little on the edge after what Zayn's dad said about 'deal with them later' "We will win them both over plus who can resist the Irish charm" Niall was smiling proudly."Everyone except Zayn" Liam muttered "Why do you turn all sour when we talk about Zayn" Louis knew liam was not sure about Zayn but now he was thinking Liam didn't like him, it worried him because he has a good feeling about Zayn."He's all we talk about can we have a conversation that is not about him" Liam had to admit he was a little jealous but he didn't want the rest of the boys to know that. The rest of the drive home was filled with silence.When they got out the car he noticed the rest of the boys staring at Zayn's house he followed there eyes only to see Zayn resting against the balcony with his head in his hands he felt the sudden urge to protect he noticed one of Zayn's arms were bleeding does he self-harm liam was thinking before he realized what Zayn was about to do he ran towards his house past Gigi and up the stairs he could hear the other boys yelling behind him and Gigi yelling for Zayn. He started banging on Zayns door pushing at it to try and open the door it was locked but he still had to try...Zayn started lifting himself upstanding on the railing of the balcony he heard people calling out his name he looked down seeing Gigi and Eleanor with them was the neighbors, he wanted to turn back and change his mind but he couldn't. "ZAYN GET DOWN RIGHT NOW" he unclasped the necklace he was wearing it was a sliver Z he threw it towards Gigi "no! No ZAYN NO YOU WOMT DO THIS" "please Zayn" this time it was Eleanor. He closed his eyes and tilted himself forward ready to jumy and end it allJust when he was about to jump large hands wrapped around his waist wrenching him back, he looked back expecting to see his dad but instead seeing the alpha from next door. Zayn started fighting in the alphas hold trying to get away "stop" the alpha growled an alpha command he stopped everything. The alpha picked him up carrying him bridel style towards his bed waiting a moment then getting up to find bandages keeping an eye on Zayn at the same time he went into the bathroom and the first thing he saw was a razor and blood in the sink his thoughts of self-harm being confirmed, he continued looking eventually finding a first aid kit. He went back to Zayn only to fond him not there...

What do you thing roberts secret is?Where do you think zayn went?Thoughts on the chapter?Add me on instagram:- Ziamandlucaya


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"Stupid stupid stupid" Liam looked to where the sound was coming from he turned to see zayn sitting with his knees to his chest in front of his mirror pulling at his hair, Liam was quick to drop what he was holding and run by Zayns side he carefully took Zayns hands from his hair and pulling his head to his chest.

"Breath Zayn breath" Liam said trying even out zayns breathing, he continued to calm zayn down liam looked towards the door to see the boys, and zayns sisters quietly watching the two he looked back to zayn noticing he fell asleep against his chest he put one arm underneath zayns knee's and another around his back lifting him up and taking him to his bed laying him down being mindful of his arm.
He picked up the first aid kit only to be stopped by a hand on his wrist he looked to see it was Gigi holding her hand out to take the first aid kit, the alpha inside him was going crazy wanting to protect but gave away the kit to Gigi watching her sit down next to zayn and taking his arm she started to clean up the