need to get his legs stronger. Months later, and the same issues were still there. His fight was gone, smile completely vanished, and his heart broken. Within half of a year, Hinata’s passion had been ripped away from him and he could do nothing to get it back. Things around him started to spiral out of control. He lost his scholarship and had to drop out of school. With Kenma’s help, he got a small job at a book store. Whenever he got off from work he’d sit and eat with his boyfriend, but would go sleep right afterwards. He didn’t know what else to do. When the drinking started, Hinata became more and more despondent. Kenma wasn’t the greatest at confrontation, so questioning or blaming just turned into silence. Hinata spoke politely to Kenma as if he were just getting to know him. Kenma walked on eggshells around Hinata to not start arguments. They lived in glass boxes when they interacted and it hurt.

      Each night Hinata came home, he’d half-expect Kenma to be gone. That’s what he honestly wanted. He couldn’t stand to see him so worried over his well-being. He didn’t give a shit anymore. Everything for him was practically over, why did he have to drag someone he cared about down too? Eventually his problems would bleed into Kenma’s life and ruin it beyond repair. He wanted him out so he could move on, be happy and maybe find another person who wasn’t broken. Yet, whenever he thought about their apartment containing just him, Hinata felt much worse than his injury could ever make him feel. He downed another shot, left money on the table and began the drunken trek back home. His mind was torn about hoping Kenma would be on the couch sleep or seeing his bags packed and ready to leave when he opened the door. He was surprised to find Kenma awake standing in the doorway with uneasiness in his eyes. He wasn’t going to retreat to the back tonight.

“Shouyou…we need to talk.” Came a firm whisper.

Feeling trapped, he tried to play it off, “…I’m wiped out Kenma. Maybe in the morning ok?”

Kenma stepped closer, he inhaled. “You’re drunk again.”

His eyes dropped to the ground.

“You’re always drunk when you come home…and then you walk past me as if I don’t exist or something.”

His mouth tightened into a firm line. He needed to get out of there.

Kenma scoffed, “I’ve been kind of losing it over here…worrying if you’re ok or if you’re gonna even come back at all.”

    “I’M OK!” the outburst surprised him even more than it did Kenma. “Geez, you’re making this into a big deal. If I want to drink after work well it shouldn’t be an issue. I’m not a kid who needs your protection Kenma.” He brushed past Kenma, hoping the sting of his words would end the conversation.

    “You’re not ‘ok’. I don’t think you even know what ‘ok’ is for you. It’s every night! This cycle…it’s changing you Shouyou. And I feel horrible I can’t do anything to help….”A tear began to slide down his face. Hinata felt his stomach drop.

“Don’t…I hate seeing you cry, just don’t.”

“Don’t you cry over someone so horrible like me.” He pleaded in his head.

    “I can’t help it! You stumble around like you’re a different person. I just see how much pain you’re in and I can’t stop worrying about you. You’re disappearing right infront of me everyday and I can’t do a damn thing to stop it!”

      Hinata just stood there staring as Kenma let all of his problems tumble out of his mouth. He felt like he was going to be sick. He never wanted this, for Kenma to feel guilty about anything. He felt low and disgusting. Kenma needed to leave him. Go far from him so he could never make him feel like that ever. He had to hurt him.

    “…What do you know about my pain? You’ve never had something you cared about and devoted your entire life to ripped away! You quit playing, but I’m the one who gets injured. This has nothing to do with you and it never has. I hate everyone pitying me or feeling sorry for me, but God, I think it’s even worse coming from you.”

      His words hit hard, shaking Kenma completely. His eyes trailed down to the ground, tears still silently falling from them. He could be angry over what Hinata said. He could leave and just let Hinata be alone. There’s so many things he could do, and maybe he’d be justified in doing it, but he just wanted to get through