s t-shirts and a pair of black lace knickers, munching happily on a marshmallow; which does nothing to dissolve John’s thoughts on his unsatisfied, limp dick.

 

 

“Hey, John!” She waves at him, her normal afro hair straightened into a long bob and her make-up free face showing the dark freckles against her ebony skin. Dark eyes land on his as he starts moving again, deciding not to question her on why she has his t-shirt on. After all, it’s early and John knows that they both can get rather snappy in the mornings. Saluting her, he walks over to the fridge and eyes the emptiness with even more vengeance before slamming it shut and glaring at it when it bounces back at him.

 

 

“You know, you should take up meditation.” Indie comments, elbows rested on the island as she slowly chews the last of her marshmallow, long black-painted nails tapping at her cheeks as she eyes him mischievously.

 

 

“No.” John says shortly, heading over to the bread-bin and wishing up to the ceiling a small ‘thank-you’ as he grabs the last crusts of a loaf of bread. Completely ignoring the week gone best before date and the mould starting on the edge, he puts it in the toaster with a pleased grin before turning back to Indie, “My aim in life is to be Hulk, I can’t be Hulk if I’m relaxed.”

 

 

“Thought you wanted to be a Doctor?”

 

 

Shrugging he takes out the chocolate spread, “Hulk is a much more realistic dream. I think I can achieve it more than becoming a Doctor.”

 

 

Rolling her incredibly dark eyes at him, the mischievous twist to her lips turns into a full blown shit-eating grin as her hands fall to the island top and her head cocks to the side like an eager puppy. If it weren't for the fact its broad daylight and the humorous glint in her eyes is obvious, he would have found the way she looks terrifyingly creepy with the whole tipping the head, like she’s just walked out of Paranormal Activity.

 

 

Deciding to keep his eyes on her, glaring back at her with even more vengeance than his door and fridge have received, he somehow manages to spread a thick layer of chocolate spread on his out-of-date pieces of toast with his eyes firmly set on her and his back to what he’s doing.

 

 

“How’s the pining going?”

 

 

Coughing on his bite of toast, his eyes water as he tries to clear his throat and crumbs scatter across the kitchen along with his spit, “What the fuck you on about?” He manages to choke out after a good two minutes of choking and with no movement of her coming to help him out.

 

 

“Don’t play dumb, John. Your heart eyes every time your little toy boy’s around is fairly obvious that you’re – and I’m quoting Twilight here so feel free to gag – unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him. Or unconditionally and irrevocably in lust with him, whatever one makes you more comfortable.”

 

 

Opening his mouth and closing it again, a squeak slips through his chocolate covered lips which only makes her smirk grow into a full blown Cheshire cat grin. Shifting his weight onto his left hip before deciding to sit onto the counter so his sudden weak knees don’t give up.

 

 

“You haven’t answered my question. How’s the pining going?”

 

 

“I’m not answering your bloody question, Indie. I think the answer is fairly obvious. He’s not with me. In my arms. Or kissing me. Or holding my hand. Or even near me at the moment. So how do you think the pining’s going, huh?” He answers hot-headedly, dramatically finishing his piece of toast with his mouth open just because it annoys her.

 

 

She raises a perfectly plucked eyebrow back at him. Not in the least bit fazed by his open-mouthed eating, “Nudes.” Indie grins several moments after. Picking up her phone lying next to her and tapping at it, eyes flickering down and no longer holding him.

 

 

“Sorry? What?”

 

 

“Nudes. You should send him a couple. See if he replies. If he does, then he’s obviously interested in you and you can finally end it with that annoying, self-centred, wannabe popular girlfriend of yours.”

 

 

“You can talk.” He mutters to himself, looking down at his twisting hands.

 

 

“Sweetcheeks, I’m the bitchiest, most narcissistic and intolerable woman you’ll ever meet. I know I am. So don’t go giving me that kind of attitude. We both know your girlfriend is unpleasant but with the whole innocent, oh-I’d-never-hurt-anyone way. Like she’s just walked out of some Disney princess movie.”

 

 

He snorts in reply, unable to stop it. Silently agreeing with the fact.

 

 

“So, listen to your sister’s fuck-buddy and take my shit advice. Send him a nude