favorite musicians and volleyball players, the run down volleyball lying under his window and the new one resting on the floor beside the laptop he’d just turned off. Finally, he watched out of the window, the curtains pulled open to let as much light as it could in, and he stared at the orange glow that the Tokyo sky always had, product of the light pollution that made impossible to see the starts when a creak came from the floor.

The grey haired boy froze in terror, muscles locked in place where he’d been staring at the window, his neck refusing to move in fear. When another ominous creak came, he finally broke and quickly slid back under the covers, throwing his arm out and reaching for his phone on the nightstand, knocking a few things over in his haste to pull the charging phone to himself. He quickly unplugged it and recoiled back into the safety of his blankets, eyes wide as the owls he loved so much, covering his body fully with the thin sheet as he unlocked his phone and opened the last numbers dialed, looking away as he heard another creak but pressing his thumb into Kuroo’s contact all the same, finally giving up on his pride and calling the black haired male.

“Pick up, pick up, pick up.” He chanted weakly as he waited for the slow beeps of the phone, until someone finally answered on the fifth beep and he immediately started talking.

“Okay, before you say anything I am not scared no matter what you say, it was a stupid idea and I will not be held responsible for the effects of it, since first of all I am not scared, and second of all it was a stupid movie with way too realistic effects that could make anyone piss their pants and I want to see you watch it with your lights off right before going to sleep because I bet you would be pissing your pants not even on the middle of the movie, which by the way I did not do since I watched that awful movie complete, even the credits with the creepy music and all but I am not scared, no matter what you say I am not, I’m just feeling a bit restless but it definitely has nothing to do with that horrible movie you forced me to watch!” he ranted, stopping to catch his breath before he could continue.

“Bokuto-san? What are you talking about?” a low, groggy voice answered his rant and Bokuto felt his heart still and his blood run cold, because that was most definitely not Kuroo’s voice.

“Um, hey Akaashi, nice to talk to you?” he stumbled over his words, finish his sentence as a question and cringed at himself.

“Bokuto-san what’s going on? It’s” Akaashi paused to yawn and Bokuto felt himself melt in his bed. “three am why are you still awake? We have practice in two hours.” The younger setter chastised tiredly, with all the bite of a sleepy kitten.

“Yeah, well…”

“You made the dare Kuroo-san tripped you into doing, right?” Akaashi inquired, and Bokuto’s shoulders dropped dejectedly.

“Yes.” He muttered quietly, and the other boy sighed.

“Bokuto-san, I told you not to do it. Have you even gotten any sleep since the film?” the dark haired boy asked tiredly, and this time Bokuto kept silent, which the younger took as his answer and sighed once more. “Bokuto-san, please try to get some sleep for the two hours remaining. You’re the captain of the team, you absolutely cannot look bad during practice.”

“But Akaashii, it was a horrible film! There was a monster and it killed the girl with its claws! And there was even a dog but it got killed, Akaashi, they killed the dog!” Bokuto whined, lowering the blanket from his head and resting comfortably on the pillow.

“I know, Bokuto-san, that’s why I told you not to watch it, especially at night and alone.” The setter mumbled, some rustling coming from his end of the line.

“But Kuroo dared me! I had to do it! My pride was on the line, Akaashi!”

“Kuroo-san tripped you into doing it, Bokuto-san. He knew you wouldn’t deny, and you know how he loves to make these stupid dares.”

“Still! I had to.” Bokuto whined once more, and he could almost hear Akaashi’s epic eye roll.

“Well, you did it already so there’s no point going back. Please try to get some sleep Bokuto-san. Goodnight.” The younger went to hang up and Bokuto panicked.

“Wait! Akaashi!” he almost yelled into the phone before cringing at the volume of his voice, remembering that it was three am and his parents were asleep.

“What is it now, Bokuto-san?” Akaashi sighed once more, sleep seeping heavily into his voice and Bokuto paused in guilt.

“I can’t sleep.” He admitted finally, whispering it onto