each other either. But since they're housemates, and college is going to go on for another three years, Cole decides to behave civilly, and so does Dean.

It's weird today though, because Dean is not with his usual group of people. Rather, he is hanging back, and it looks like he's specifically waiting for everyone to leave. Cole's brow creases, and he decides to ask what the matter is.

Dean startles, apparently he hadn't noticed him, and says, "Eh, nothing. Just... looking for a test tube. One of those big ones. Got an expo."

Cole's eyebrow creases further. He hates it when Dean shortens the word 'experiment' to 'expo'. It doesn't make sense, and Cole hates senseless things.

Nevertheless, he points to the apparatus Dean seems to want. Dean looks at the thing, and says to Cole, "Er, okay, cool. Um... I'll be back later. You can go on."

Cole nods and leaves. Yesterday’s kitchen incident is still fresh in his memory, and he doesn’t really want or need to spend time alone with Dean.

~~

Halfway back to his place, he realizes that he forgot some important papers he was supposed to collect.

He curses, and turns round on his heel.

It doesn't take long, since he decides to walk fast, and soon he is standing in front of the aged Chemistry professor's office. He knocks on the door.

Receiving permission to enter, he does so, and Mr. Howell smiles at him. "Yes, Mr. Trenton?"

Cole fidgets. He doesn't like to appear forgetful in front of people. Still, swallowing his pride, he says, "I forgot to take the papers you wanted to give me, Professor."

Howell scratches his head, looking up at the ceiling as if it holds the answer to what he is forgetting, and Cole almost rolls his eyes. He hates it when people do that.

At length, the professor nods, "Ah, yes, those. Well, I left those in the lab, son. If you want you can get them from the third shelf in my cupboard. Here are the keys," he says, as he digs out a keychain from the clutter on his desk.

Cole takes the proffered items, and walks out, not before thanking the old man.

~~

As he stands in front of the Chemistry lab, ready to push open the door, he freezes.


"Oh fuck!"


That was Dean.

This-

Cannot be happening.

Fuming, Cole opens the door. He doesn't care if he walks in on Dean masturbating. He doesn't fucking care. It is a lab, a place to study, and he can't stand someone doing such unholy things in said place.

He makes a lot of noise, he does, but Dean doesn't fucking hear him.

Moaning loudly again, his housemate continues to desecrate himself with- oh come on, is it that fucking test tube?!

It is, and Cole doesn't know whether to vomit or faint because he is both disgusted and frightened.

Dean could get hurt, just because he is petty enough to chase a fucking orgasm. The thing is made of glass, and glass is not healthy, combined with anyone's ass. Doesn't Dean realize the repercussions it can have on his safety?!

He finally smacks a hand down on the table closest to him, and the reaction he gets is not what he expected.

“Coleslwwlwlwlwl!”

Said dude rips his hand away from the table as if it has burnt him, and stares at his housemate in horror.


“Oh, Coleslaw!”



What the everloving fuck?!


“Dean.” He grounds out, teeth gritted. Cole is fed up of Dean’s antics.

Dean stills, whipping his head towards him. He is wide-eyed, and a vindictive part of Cole is happy that Dean is surprised, and quick to get mortified.

“Dude- no. It’s not what you think.”

“Experiment, huh?” Cole arches an eyebrow. He is equal parts pissed off and happy. He is happy that Dean is humiliated, but pissed off that the apparatus of the lab is being ruined like this.

Dean flounders for a moment, before a slow smirk spreads over his lips, “Well, I was experimenting, indeed.”

Cole’s annoyed. Why does Dean always act like Kaito? (And he won’t let anybody know this, but Detective Conan is Cole’s hero.) Cole himself always feels like Shinichi, what with the fact that he always gets annoyed by Dean.

And with that sentence, Dean pulls out the test tube with a squelch that will continue to haunt Cole till he’s eighty.

Dean must see his horror, since the next moment he begins to laugh, a deep-bellied sound which he has no of letting out, on the expense of Cole.

He waves the tube around in his hand,