It was while watching from that high window that he was gifted that tiny hint.

 

“Have to be careful, always be careful. So small, they are all so small. Bones so fragile. I could hurt so easy. Hurt them, break them, blood and bone and sinew beneath my rough hands. Not here, I can't here. It's to good, can't lose it. I can be gentle, they trust me. He trusts me, trusts me to be gentle and safe. I can control myself and it'll be good so good.”

 

He'd gotten good at covering any outward reaction but his heart still skipped a few beats and lodged itself in behind his tonsils at Cole's sudden voice and he turned to look at the gaunt spirit in flickering candlelight. “What are you going on about now Cole?” Dorian asked, trying and failing to figure out who the spirit was reading. Not he for sure, he may be in the prime of health but he was a mage. No bone crushing under hands here.

 

“That's what he thinks, it's what you were searching for wasn't it? I can't help that hurt. It's to big for me but you. You are much....bigger then I am. Not out here but in here. For him.” Cole explained, gesturing to his chest and Dorian spent a long moment staring at him before the proverbial veilfire flickered to life in his head.

 

“Bull. You're talking about The Iron Bull, aren't you? He's...afraid to hurt me? Or that he will hurt me?” He asked as he turned to face Cole fully and came forwards a few steps so their voices could be a bit quieter, The illusion of privacy even though the tower was dimly lit and mostly quiet at this time of night. “I can see how he would worry about that but how is it what I've been searching for?” He really wished Cole would manage full sentences because sometimes he swore Cole was saying important things but he just did not understand a single word.

 

Cole seemed just as lost for a moment, chewing at his lip before he tried again. “He never asks, never takes. Always gives. Gives and gives and gives. How does he have so much to give? It never runs out. How do I give back if he never takes? He must want something, everyone wants something. I want to give it to him. Make him smile, make him happy. Happy like he makes me.” Cole stared at Dorian's slightly pale face, eyes unblinking for a moment before starting up again as if he just remembered it was something he was supposed to do.

 

It was even more unnerving that way and Dorian took to pacing as he picked apart broken sentences and half finished words. That was him, he knew that but how did the two go together? Speaking with Cole was like trying to do a puzzle from the middle out and the entire damn thing was black. What did The Iron Bull's fear have to do with his own...wants?

 

“The hurt. It's what you've been searching for. Why you watch him so much. It's big and there, like The Iron Bull. I can't make the fear go away but you can. You can help the hurt where I am to small to carry it.” Cole said with a nod, watching Dorian pacing silently.

 

 

“The hurt is what I've been...searching for? I haven’t been searching for a hurt...I've been searching for a..venhedis!” He breathed, eyes widening slightly as he spun to face Cole again. “That's it, isn't it? That's what he wants. Or rather..what he doesn't want!” He exclaimed with a sharp toothed grin before he came over to clap his hands to the spirit's shoulders. “You brilliant thing! That is what I was searching for!” He praised.

 

Cole gave an unsure smile at that. “Yes? He..wants what he doesn't want. ...I think.” He replied slowly before tilting his head like the puppy Varric claimed he resembled. “Did I help?” He asked hopefully. “The hurt is very old. I didn't see all of it but you are big enough inside to hold it I think.” He added.

 

There was a part of Dorian that always doubted. Doubted he could make a difference, doubted he was doing the right thing by being here. Even doubted The Iron Bull, despite the open affection and quiet feelings between the two but it was hard to doubt when Cole spoke so openly and he just squeezed his shoulders gently. “Yes Cole, yes you helped greatly and I know how to help that hurt. I don't know if I can make it go away but I think I can make it...less.” He said with a nod.

 

“Some hurts can't go