down on the desk, blinking away her tears. She had never imagined that Sienna had such a painful past. Sure, there were hints. No one in the White Fang had led easy lives before joining. But to hear something like that be spoken out loud once again reminded Blake of the reality she lived in.

"So, what happens now?" She asked, her voice barely there. "Are you going to step down?"

"Oh, not even if they bribed me with a thousand of these delicious snacks!" Joshua waved her off. "No. I won't back down. These are difficult times, but that only means we need to stand even stronger in our beliefs," he said. "While I was out there, I arranged some things with Beacon. We'll be receiving a representative from them, and together we'll come up with something to strike back as we always have: peacefully and justly."

"Really?" Blake looked at him in awe. "That sounds great!"

"It will be!" Joshua agreed heartily. He looked down at his wrist watch. "Whoever they sent should already be here by now, though. Hmm…"

He stood up and walked to the window, looking towards the entrance of the complex.

Blake watched him in silence, biting her lip. Suddenly, she felt like telling Joshua about her Semblance, about the scientists, the experiments, everything. Somehow, she knew he would understand. Nothing would change about how he treated her. She could trust him.

She opened her mouth to speak, but stopped when Joshua turned around with a worried expression on his face. "It's actually past the time their agent should have arrived. I gave word to our lookouts about the arrangement, but maybe something went wrong. I need to check."

"I'll go with you." Blake said, following him out of the room.

They went down the stairs fast and exited the building. Before they could get two steps from the entrance, they came to a screeching halt. Sienna had been about to enter, with what appeared to be the entirety of the White Fang watching on the street.

"Sienna," Joshua said, smiling warmly. "It's good to see you."

"Is it?" She retorted. "We need to talk."

"Yes, we do. We are in full agreement," Joshua nodded anxiously. "But we have even more pressing matters to attend to. Beacon was supposed to-"

"I know, Joshua. I heard all about it. One of our watchers saw fit to told me, because they trusted me more than you," Sienna stated. "A Beacon agent? In our home? You've finally gone senile!"

"Now, Sienna, let's be reasonable," Joshua said. "Beacon has been nothing but helpful to us for years. They've earned our trust times over. If they can help us get closer to what we want, we must stop treating them like outsiders."

"And what do we want, uncle? Tell me, because I honestly have lost track," Sienna scoffed. "Equality? That's never going to happen. Being tolerated? No, that's too small. Taking what the humans have? That would be cruel," she raised her hands helplessly. "Give me one good reason. Convince me, and do your best damn job, because you're standing at the edge of the plank right now."

Joshua scanned the crowd, his eyes going over each face, one by one, as if to commit them all to memory. With each that passed, he seemed to grow more tired. Blake started to reach for his hand, scared that he was about to crumble.

He closed his eyes for an instant, then faced his niece again. "Listen. All of you. I can't change how you feel. I can't erase decades of oppression and violence and tragedy. I'm just a man. I'm as lost as you are," he let out a hollow chuckle. "But I can see one way out. I don't know where it leads. It might be a worse place, for all I know. But we won't know unless we try," he sighed. "So, please. Let's give Beacon a chance. If we don't like what we hear, that's fine. I'll step down. No objections. No strings attached."

Sienna looked around. The crowd whispered. Blake's heart raced.

"You mean that." Sienna said. There was admiration in her voice, but also annoyance, if Blake wasn't mistaken.

"I mean everything I say, little one." Joshua pointed out.

"That's true. You do."

Sienna didn't say another word for a full minute.

"Alright," she nodded. "We'll give you one last shot, uncle. I hope it works out. I honestly do, because if it doesn't, I don'