tired to let it get to him. It didn’t hit him hard until he heard his mom upstairs. Flashes of a town burning hit his memory and the screams he heard, his mom burning to death and crying for him to get out of there. Jet pressed the palm of his hand to his temple and unconsciously grabbed his hair with a closed fist. “Mom…” he whispered and ran up the stairs. “Mom!” He cried out as he reached the top, he could see her in the kitchen. Her back turned to him, her face hidden.

He just about reached her; his hand stretched forward and for a moment he thought it was okay. But that vanished from him and the world slipped away from his feet. Everything around him burst into flames, gnawing at his brain and devouring her again.

 

“No!” He screamed and lurched forward, sitting upright in bed, an uncomfortable but so familiar bed. Jet’s body was drenched in sweat, the morning was humid and his sheets were soaked. He looked over at his bedside to the weapons that lay there, two hook-swords he’d learned to use and master.

“Jet?” Smellerbee peered inside his room, concern written on her face, “What’s wrong?”

“Nothing,” Jet sighed and dropped back, eyes lingering on the ceiling. “Just a nightmare.”

She didn’t leave as he’d expected, instead she sat down on a chair near the door and waited quietly before speaking again, “Wanna talk about it?”

He rolled his head to look at her, his eyes half-lidded with exhaustion and he tightened his expression before letting it slip into that lying smile. “Why? Did it sound that bad?”

“Yeah,” she didn’t beat around the bush with that one, “I’ve never heard you yell like that before.”

Jet furrowed his brow as even Longshot poked his head inside, a concerned expression on the other boy’s face. “I’m alright,” Jet pushed himself up again and turned to lean his back against the wall. “It was weird… I was in this other world, I woke up from a nightmare in that one too…”

“What was the first nightmare?”

He shook his head, “I… I don’t know. I think I remember-“


“We’re not gonna leave you.”


Jet shuddered, he suddenly felt very cold.


“There’s no-…. We’ll take-… he’s our leader.”


He pressed his hands to his forehead and could see her, Katara’s face as she looked down at him with such fear and worry. His chest ached and suddenly felt flooded. He coughed and Smellerbee went to his side, her hand on his forehead and then sliding back through his hair.

When had he lied down?

He heard the stretch of a bow and arrow.

 

His eyes opened slowly this time, Jet’s heart raced but the rest of him remained perfectly still. There was a careful breeze; it was cool on his skin in contrast to the heat of what sunlight reached him through the trees. It was autumn and everything was red, he could hear footsteps approaching him.

“Jet?”

He lifted his head lazily to see blue; blue pants, blue smock, blue shoes all belonging to the same dark skinned girl. Her tone wasn’t that far off from his, but she did always seem different from him. “Hey,” he offered a smile and watched as she knelt next to him. “What is it?”

She placed her hands on his stomach and a sudden sharp pain snapped through him, he winced and bit his tongue. “This isn’t good.” She sounded distant.

Something was wrong, Jet couldn’t sit up, he couldn’t move at all.

It was a nightmare, he told himself. He’d woken up in a nightmare and he’d wake again.

His heart raced.

Someone said something about going but Katara refused. “We’re not gonna leave you.” That broken, pained voice made his eyes water.


“There’s no time, just go.”


No.

Don’t leave me.

His chest hurt more and he tried to breathe, it wracked his body and he tasted blood instead. He heard a rumble around him and watched with horrified eyes as the ceiling caved in on all of them.

 

Jet stared at the night sky with no breath in his lungs. Everything hurt but the pain ebbed slowly. “Help…” he wheezed quietly and closed his eyes.

“What?” It was a boy’s voice, he knew who it was.

Jet lifted his gaze to look at a pale, scarred face leering down at him. “Li…” he furrowed his brow and reached for him. “What’s happening?”

Li took his hand and held it awkwardly, not sure what to do with it. He never was good with physical affection. “We’re heading to Ba Sing Se,” he smiled down and Jet knew it was wrong.

“