Trigger Warning: Self-harm, Depression, Child abuse, Anger issues.

 

 

Harry awoke to Ron shaking him.

 

“Sorry Mate, I didn’t want to wake you but It’s dinner time and Hermione didn't want you to miss out, you know how she gets, ”  he said half smiling. 

 

Harry dragged his arm up and rubbed his eyes, “Yeah, I’ll be there. You go ahead, thanks”

 

Ron who was jumping up and down on both his feet eagerly left to stuff his face with tonight's chicken roast “Okay see ya soon Harry” 

 

Harry pulled himself out of his bed and walked to the mirror. He had terrible bed hair, but there was nothing he could do about it since he didn’t own a comb, he ran his fingers through it but it stayed the same. 

 

Harry sighed and grabbed his robe as he started walking down to The Great Hall.

 

Harry found Hermione and Ron and sat down by them. 

 

“Did you have a nice sleep, Harry?” Hermione asked but the annoyed look on her face showed she wasn’t that interested.

 

Ron and Hermione probably had another one of their fights.

 

“It was good,” Harry said poking his potatoes. 

 

He wasn't hungry honestly, he just woke up but he knew if he didn’t eat anything Hermione would hang it over his head so he decided to have some food despite his lack of hunger.

 

Harry found his eyes drifting over to Malfoy. 

 

He noticed how Draco's eyes kept falling to his sleeves, and he looked extremely uncomfortable.

 

Draco's mind was spitting insults at him from all directions, he needed release. 

 

Draco stands and Pansey looks at him confused, “I’m leaving” he says blankly.

 

“But you haven’t eaten a thing yet,” Pansy said whining. 

 

He glared over at her “Shut up. I can do whatever I want” Draco said with a dangerously low voice.

 

Pansy stopped talking and returned to eating and soon Draco fled the room. 

 

Harry spooned some peas into his mouth “I have to go, talk soon” he said, not staying around for their answer. 

 

Draco sighed with relief once he reached Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. He entered a stall and his mask fell.

 

Draco's entire body shook with silent sobs.

 

As he angrily wiped away the tears, the cold voice of his father echoed in his head;

 

'Malfoys don't cry.'

 

Ashamed by his own weakness the blonde haired boy dug his nails into his palms creating half-moon dents in his skin.

 

He bit down hard on his lip, trying to keep himself from screaming but he was unable to keep the whimper of pain from escaping his body as he drew blood.

 

He licked the cut which caused a slight sting.

 

Draco fumbled around in his pocket for his wand and pulled it out. He swiftly pulled down his sleeve and pressed it against his wrist “Diffindo” he said clearly as he swiped his wand downwards. 

 

Draco's breathing went back to normal once he saw red bubbles appear in a line on his wrist and he let out a loud sigh of relief.

 

Wiping the blood off his arm, the young wizard stood and exited the cubicle.

 

He was fine.

 

A single startled gasp escaped the blonde's mouth as he caught sight of Harry in the mirror. 

 

“What were you doing in there Malfoy?” Harry asked. 

 

“None of your business, Scarhead,” Draco replied aggressively as he turned the tap on and splashed water on his face.

 

“It just became my business” Harry growled, walking closer to Draco. 

 

“Shove off, Potter” 

 

“I will if you show me your wrists,” Harry said, determined to find out if he had the Dark Mark, I mean it only made sense. His father was a Death Eater.

 

Draco shook his head but didn’t reply vocally.

 

“Show me your wrists or I will tell Dumbledore that you have the Dark Mark, you’ll go straight to Azkaban”

 

Draco turned around sharply “Don’t you dare, you worthless piece of shit” Draco pulled out his wand, pointing it towards Harry “Stupefy” he said intending to paralyze him but Harry dodged it and quickly disarmed Draco.

 

Draco kicked the wall angrily and let out a loud sigh.

 

“I’m not showing you a thing,” he said as he brought his fist to the wall and smacked it hard, drawing blood.

 

“If you have nothing to hide then why can’t you show me?” Harry said watching the boy explode in anger, Draco always looked so put together at school, and it was more than a little rattling to see him like this, but Harry expected this, after all, he just found out that he was a Death Eater.

 

Draco glared over at Harry “I never said I had nothing to hide” he spat.

 

“You're not saying-” Harry paused, “Did you just admit to being a Death Eater?”

 

“Perhaps,” Draco said, glaring over at him.

 

Draco felt his sleeve getting wet and