cock and he couldn't stop himself from thinking about what it would be like to be in her.

"Rumple." She kissed his chest. She could hear his heart beating.

"Was that good, Belle?" He needed her approval.

"I think you know the answer." She giggled and looked up at him. "I never knew anything could feel that good." She kissed his chest again and he stroked her cheek.

His cock was throbbing with desire, but he was only thinking about Belle and how happy he was that he had pleased her.

They lay in the tub for a while.

"Are you awake?" He could see that Belle's eyes were closed and that her breathing had slowed down.

"Mmmmm…" She could barely speak.

Rumple helped her out of the tub. She stood completely naked before him. He wrapped her in a towel and helped her comb out her hair. He then led her to her bed and tucked her in. "Good night, Belle. Sweet dreams." He kissed her forehead.

"Will you stay with me again tonight? I need to be held." She reached out for him.

He took her hand into his shaking one. His heart was beating wildly. Belle squeezed his hand. "Please Rumple. I need you."

He climbed into the bed with her and she immediately curled against up against him and pulled his arms around her. He held his breath. Belle seemed to fall off into a deep sleep rather quickly. He was eventually able to breathe normally again as his body warmed up and molded itself to her.

As he became more comfortable he also became more intensely aware of her body against his. He thought back to the bath and the sight of her breasts surfacing from the water. His cock hardened. She hadn't even known that she was revealing herself to him and that excited him more. He'd been completely naked in that tub with her and now he was completely naked here in her bed. He wanted to do things to her that he shouldn't be thinking about. Did she know where they were heading with this?

He pulled her closer and kissed her head. She let out a little moan. His need for physical release was intense. He took his cock in his hand and pretended that it was Belle's. He stroked himself slowly and gently at first, gradually working his way into a frenzied state. His whole body stiffened and his seed gushed out of him.

His body had needed that he told himself. And it had. It's just that he felt as though he should have waited. He should have waited for Belle.

Rumple had been gone all day. He'd had to leave early, before breakfast, to broker what he'd said was a very important deal. Belle had missed him terribly. He'd been spending so much time near her lately that she felt lonely whenever he was out of her sight. But when he was out of the castle, the loneliness was unbearable.

"Rumple!" He startled her as he appeared behind her and put his arms around her waist. He pulled her close so that her back was against his front. He'd never done anything like that before.

He put his face close to her neck, almost nuzzling her. She felt her body responding. "Did you miss me?" She could feel his breath on her neck as he spoke.

"Yes. It's lonely when you're gone." She reached back to stroke his cheek and he pulled her closer against him so that she could feel his hard length pressing against her. She was shocked by his boldness. It wasn't like him, but she welcomed it. Something had changed. He was more confident… about himself and about how she felt about him. It made her heart lighter to see this change in him.

"Dinner's just about ready."

"Very well. I'm starving." He leaned closer and she thought she felt his lips on her throat. He suddenly pulled away and headed for the great room. Belle noted that he was very visibly aroused.

Rumple was very animated at dinner. His deal had gone better than expected. He was also happy to be back home again with Belle. How he had missed her. He'd spent the whole trip thinking about her when he wasn't busy dealing. He'd wanted nothing more than to be back in her presence again.

When dinner was over Rumple asked Belle to join him in the library. He was determined to be next to her. He needed physical contact with her more than he needed anything.

"Would you like me to read to you, Rumple?"

"Yes, Belle." His cock hardened as he thought about the last time she had read to him. "Can I put my head on your lap again?" He needed to feel her massaging his scalp and running her fingers through his hair.

"Of course, Rumple." She sat down at the end of the settee and he lay down, settling his head on her lap