hands and fall into the small pile of papers waiting.

“I need a drink.” He groaned. Glancing over at each other the two investigators reached the same conclusion, if only for different reasons.

This was how the three found themselves at a bar a few blocks from the headquarters, Juuzou munching on far more snacks than he currently had money on him to afford and nodding along to Ui’s drunken rambles. As soon as they had arrived the man had downed large amounts of alcohol in mere seconds and as his miserable expression made way for an annoyed one his talk had gotten increasingly slurred.

“Can’t believe what Arima was thinking.” He growled. Juuzou giggled and Koori’s hair whipped around obscuring his glare for a moment until it settled in a now disheveled bowl cut. “He doesn't deserve a fraction of the attention… a fraction!” His voice slipped and momentarily his grip on the counter as well. Furuta steadied him again with a polite smile.

“Why would Arima want him as a secretary anyways, huh?” Ui turned to Furuta, who was still keeping the increasingly plastic looking smile on his face.

“You’re his subordinate, isn’t he just terrible!” This in on itself was in general a stupid question to ask anyone, especially subordinates of the man you were talking ill of. Had Ui not been as intoxicated and had Furuta been as protective of his boss as, say Hanbee, the universe might have taken on a different course. But presently, none of these conditions were cleared. So Furuta continued to smile, taking a turn for subtle maliciousness as he looked over the bedraggled special class and said,

“He really is…” with a dramatic sigh Furuta continued, “he acts humble in front of everyone but uses it as a way to rub his achievements in their faces.” Spreading his arms wider and angling his palms to face outward with a tilt at the exact angle his eyebrows had arranged themselves the rank one investigator added, “and ever since the Tsukiyama extermination raid he has had a lot of them.”

“Tsukiyama.” The name visibly affected the intoxicated Ui, bringing back painful memories. He slumped towards the table surface but missed and fell right onto the spot where Furuta was sitting. Awkwardly trying to steady the wasted investigator once again he was stopped in his tracks as Ui grabbed his coat.

“Hairu.” Ui muttered tiredly, seemingly not present in mind rather than body. Using the other investigator’s coat Ui hid his face and made a muffling sound reminiscent of hopless laughter.

“There, there…” petting the rumpled bowlcut awkwardly Furuta pushed Ui off of him and laid him down on the table, knocking a bottle and two glasses over in the process. It was around this time that the absence of Juuzou’s drunken giggles had become suspicious enough to fearfully look over at the place he had last inhabited, hoping he was still there. The last time something of the nature had occurred no one wanted to remember, but the results had been so devastating it was hard not to.

Thankfully, the stitched investigator remained in his place, having toppled over a bowl of chips and fallen asleep with the crumbs spread over his hair and the table. Raffling through their pockets rewarded Furuta with two wallets containing a grand total of 31000 yen, a packet of strawberry gum, a needle and red thread, a picture of Hairu Ihei trying to keep her flowy summer dress down during a gust of wind, two phones and a paperclip.

After scrolling through their contact lists, pictures and browser history he used the money to pay their bill and kept the change. He was on his way home after texting Hanbee from Juuzou’s phone to come pick up the two sleeping investigators.

Ui could tell the moment he force his eyes open and  managed to tumble into a table, effectively destroying a flower pot, that this day was off to a bad start. Whatever memories he possessed from yesterday and earlier today, because yes, just saying they got home after midnight would be an under exaggeration, were blurry and painful to recall.

It only got increasingly worse from there, as the investigator with less than four hours sleep and no peaceful one had to drag himself to his office regardless and in the process found he had misplaced both his wallet and an… erhm… important picture. After painstakingly making his way over, consuming two cups of coffee which might have helped but then again he garnered just as many pitying and concerned glances, he was subjected to the sight he currently wanted to see the least.

Sasaki was walking down the hallway with Furuta in tow. The man might've looked slightly worse-for-wear, with his black hair constantly obscuring his eyes, forcing him to sweep his bangs away only for them to fall into his vision again but Ui was certain he looked far less appealing.

“Sasaki.” Ui nodded briefly, far too tired to really care how rude he was being. In fact, even without the hangover haunting him chances are he would be just as malicious, if only subtler. The investigator being addressed looked over Ui’s appearance once, and tilted his head