that would turn the naturally colorless portion of Simon’s bangs jet black once more.

However, as so often, relaxation invited thought.


Perhaps we should discuss our further steps, considering that it’s been a week and we still haven’t heard anything from the PIC…


On one hand, Miles was loath to interrupt the comfortable quietude they shared at the moment, but on the other, he sincerely doubted that such a discussion would escalate into an argument right now.

“Incidentally… if I could make a suggestion?”

Simon snorted. “If you would like me to use a different color next time, say the word, but I should mention in advance that I am not entirely certain magenta would suit me.”

The mental image was amusing enough that Miles could not suppress a chuckle. “Franziska would call you a Spaßvogel for this.”

“Oh?” Once again, Simon’s tone was more than enough to indicate that he was raising an eyebrow. “And what would that mean?”

“It’s a sarcastic colloquialism similar to ‘joker.’ The literal translation would be ‘fun bird.’”

“Apt, I suppose.” His partner seemed to appreciate the bird reference, as he was now also laughing slightly under his breath, although he was taking care to not move his head. “Now… what were you about to say?”

“Ah, yes.” Grateful that it was not upon him to try and change the subject again, Miles slowly stated as he continued with his task, “Since we still haven’t heard anything regarding our fate from the PIC, and don’t know when they will inform us, perhaps we should aim to reduce our expenses somewhat until we know more. I don’t mean to control our spending to the penny or give in to the unfortunate impulses we spoke about last night, but… it might be prudent to keep track of our assets until we are certain that we don’t have to survive on them for a while.”

To his surprise, Simon chuckled. “Don’t fret, I completely agree. We should have enough groceries and hygiene articles to last us for a good week and a half. I, for one, am not planning on making any further purchases during this period, and hopefully, we will be able to strategize further by the time we have to consider restocking our supplies.”

He raised his hands to gently guide Miles’ gloved fingers away from his hair by grasping at the wrists hovering by his face. Then, he glanced up, a small smile tugging at his lips.

“Besides, we have once again wasted time with our stubbornness and jumping to conclusions. I would prefer to spend it with you from this point forward to make up for what was lost.”

Although his words filled Miles with a combination of affection and relief, he could not entirely banish the suspicion that Simon had seen his suggestion coming from a mile away.

“You knew what I wanted to discuss, didn’t you?”

“Guilty as charged.” His partner’s thumbs brushed over uncovered skin in circles. “I happened to see your expression earlier, and given what you told me last night…”

“Please don’t think that I didn’t believe you –”

Simon interrupted Miles’ attempt at assurance with a shake of his head. “I do not, I merely know how difficult ingrained beliefs are to jettison. Forgive me for psycho-analyzing you yet again, but it seems to me that your concerns might be based in your perception of yourself…?”

Miles smiled wryly. “You’ve seen right through me. I thought about my mistaken assumptions this morning before you returned, and that is the only conclusion that makes sense.”

He sighed quietly as he reached forward, indicating that he intended to continue his task, and Simon’s hands fell away from his wrists. “I still remember your words back when we first went to the park together, about the fact that you have never been as firm a believer in our profession as myself… It’s possible that I convinced myself that I could only do good if I continued along the path I have taken so far, and that is why I never seriously considered a career change, even in the wake of von Karma’s conviction and the revelation that fifteen years of my life had been based on nothing but lies. That would also be the reason why I ultimately didn’t choose to work with Shields at my father’s law firm. What you saw as conviction back then… perhaps it was cowardice, instead.”

“I would hardly call it ‘cowardice,’” Simon objected quietly. “Rather, I would say that you hold yourself to incredibly high standards and preemptively chastise yourself to keep from falling short. That does not make you a coward – it makes you human.”

He looked up once more when Miles lowered his arms after tugging the last coated strand into one of the metal clasps. “If you wish, I shall gladly remind you occasionally that few would demand absolute perfection from you, least of all myself, and if you feel that you would like to consult