do again. Papyrus was determined to show it to them, even if he was secretly terrified of what might happen if he was to fail. "Human! I know you can do better than this! Maybe you are unable to do so without any help, but I, the great Papyrus, am happy to help get you back on the straight and narrow! So, please, step forward and claim your hug of assistance!" They stepped forward alright, but the way they raised their closed fists and smiled at him revealed that they had no intention of hugging him. The trembling turned to quaking and sweat began beading on his skull as he realized just what was about to happen to him. "P-please..."

The human pulled one of their fists back, but, before the hit could connect, something else shoved Papyrus back to the ground. He let out a soft grunt as he hit the packed snow and looked up. Between himself and the confused human who had hopped back a bit in surprise, was Sans, hands casually tucked into his jacket pockets as though this was the most normal thing in the world. It took only a moment for Papyrus to realize what he intended to do—fight the human in his stead—and he scrambled to push himself up on his elbows once he did.

Sans just literally couldn't do something like that. He was so fragile that even a strong enough wind might be a threat to him and he had utterly no way of defending himself. If the human wanted to, which it definitely seemed like they did judging by how that wrong smile was back on their face, they could easily tear him to shreds. If anything bad happened to his brother because of him... No, nothing bad would happen to him because, as his brother, Papyrus simply wouldn't allow it! He pushed himself up on his arms and was preparing to stand up altogether when he called out his brother's name, hoping hearing it will keep him from doing anything foolhardy until he got back on his feet.

"Sa-" He started, but never finished as his throat locked up in surprise at what was happening in front of him.

The human was suddenly covered in a blue aura, wisps of magic roiling off them. Their smile warped into a snarl as they jerked their head from side to side, but otherwise, they didn't move from their place. That could only be a blue attack, but he clearly wasn't using it on the child, so that could only mean...

He turned his attention back to Sans and saw that he had one arm out of his pockets, steadily holding it parallel to the ground. There was a shimmer in the air beside him and, out of nowhere, a skull materialized, wide and with a mouth full of sharp-looking fangs, though Papyrus had a subconscious feeling that its bite wasn't the most fearsome part of it. He had started shivering again by this point, but the next thing he heard made him freeze up entirely out of pure terror. It was his brother's slow, familiar voice, but wrong, a deep, growled reverb present where there was usually only Sans' easy, kick-back voice.

"Don't you dare hurt my baby brother, you freak."

With that, the hovering skull opened its jaws and unleashed a beam of light from its mouth that vaporized the human near-instantly. Its job done, the skull vanished back to wherever it had been before this and Sans dropped his arm before turning around to face him.

But it wasn't the Sans that he knew.

His left eye was a vivid electric blue color, slashing through the fog as easily as the human's had to seemingly stare at his very soul. His right was absent entirely, leaving behind only the pitch black void of his eye socket. Papyrus wasn't sure which one was more unsettling. Both of them combined made the grin always present on his brother's face seem downright maniacal.

And then Sans blinked and, when he reopened his eyes, they were the usual white dots.

Seemingly back to normal, his brother reached a hand down to him to help him up and muttered an awkward little, "Hey bro." in his lazy, even voice.

Unable to stop himself, Papyrus flinched at the offered hand. Yes, Sans had just saved his life and exhibited awe-inspiring powers in the process. But he had also just killed someone, didn't seem too bothered by this fact, and used magic stronger than that of any other monster he had ever seen before; magic that he had somehow managed to keep hidden from him all this time until now.

It made him wonder what else Sans had been hiding from him.

Seeing his offer rejected, his brother stuffed the hand back in his pocket as his shoulders slumped, looking defeated even though he had just won the battle. "...Sorry about that." He said in a soft voice that sounded so very tired.

Seeing him be so... not himself made his mistake stick out like a sore thumb. Sure,