"Oi, Eren, you're 5 minutes late." It was Levi's taunting voice. And Eren felt a sudden desire to peek.
"What the hell are you doing, Yeager, look at me."
And so Eren did. And he gaped. Levi was fully dressed! The fuck?! In some part deep down inside of him, Eren felt dissatisfaction. But he didn't get it. Erwin strolled foreward, holding an empty bottle of cleaning supply.
"My bad." He spoke, "I am going out to buy more to repay. "
"Thank you" It was a bit cold. As Erwin swept by him, Levi held the door open in silence, eyes the same dull, annoyed look as ever.
"Please do come in."
" Yes sir"
Eren followed Levi through his large living quarters. Something about the way it smelled...like a scent he'd barely been aware of before, a passing scent. He liked it-then it clicked. Its Levi's scent. It was soothing.
The cieling gray and the walls, a deep navy...just like the walls at home.
Eren found himself immobile, frozen.
Levi turned slowly,as if waiting. But, Levi tensed immedietly,taking a step towards Eren. And with that, silent tear-jerking sobs tore through him..
"Eren? What is it?" Levi's eyes seemed to soften.
"J-just...lik-ke home..."Eren broke.
Levi eyed Eren for the longest moment.
"We have a mission tomorrow. And I hope you're ready for it......."Eren didn't seem to hear him as he leaned against the wall, slowly curling in on himself. Levi's eyes flashed.Eren was pinned to Levi's wall as Levi pushed into Eren, causing the tears to stop.
"Captian L-L-Levi!" Eren gasped.
"You should know this by now brat, I hate bieng ignored."Levi tilted his head up." I also hate tears. They get on everything and contaminate. Its disgusting."
Eren felt that swirl in his stomach once more as he became aware of just how close Levi was. Levi lowered his voice to a deeper tone, going on about something...Eren couldn't concentrate.With Levi's new tone it took all of his will not to gasp in need.
"Now then, this mission tomorrow..." Levi backed away, letting Eren go. What he didn't expect occured and Eren blushed hard, finding himself pinning Levi to the wall, forcing his chin up so that the slightly older man was straining his neck to look into Eren's shy eyes.
Eren's body pushed hotly into Levi's. Somehow he found the courage and spoke Levi's name lovingly, leaning down a bit and kissing Levi's forehead. Levi's gaze slowly lessened in harshness as he stared at the younger man caressing his face. Eren ran a thumb across levi's lower lip.They parted slowly, Levi's face beginning to show open emotions.
  "Corpral..."
Levi pulled Eren down and their lips met in a soft embrace.

Contains sexual themes further in! Yay!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Levi's slightly heeled boots clicked softly as he made his way down the cement hallway. His steps were a bit rushed, for the thin man attempted to get to his living quarters as soon as entirely possible.
Levi was tired. He'd been forced to train new cadet's in using the 3D manuvering upgrade. By Erwin's request ofcourse. Levi didn't say anything of it... he had his respects.  But damn was he pissed.
A sleep-deprived, pissed, annoyed, starving Levi rounded the last corner gracefully, his riding hood swiftly sweeping the surrounding air as he turned.  On his face was an expression of total bored-annoyance.  He was ready to bathe, and then rest...or at least try to unwind. Maybe drink a bit. Levi sighed, the sound low and barely audible.
Levi blindly reached a hand to open his door... Nae...uh? Levi froze, eyes dancing in amusement. His door was already open.
The slight frown on the 28-year-old's face deepend. Levi slid his cloak off his shoulders, then proceeded to sling it back over his left, holding it in place with his left hand. He opened the door slowly, expecting Hange or Erwin, or even a drunken scout. His feet moved, taking cautious steps into the luxurious atmosphere, nudging the door silently closed with his heel. His eyes scanned the room. His desk, his walls, his bed-
And there the intruder was, sitting on the edge of Levi's queen-sized mattress. Eren wore his pale green common shirt with brown pants-his usual-, staring at the point where levi's off-white walls meet the lush, blue carpet.
Levi made a noise. That brat. Who would be so selfish as to devulge in others things without prior