shoulder, her crying soon reduced to sniffles but her heart, nevertheless, remained heavy.

 

"I love him. We all do," she choked out. "And I'd rather be cruel than let him be cruel to himself."

 

Suga stood frozen by the door. He was still breathing but it felt like he wasn't. He clamped a hand to his mouth, afraid that he'll let out a scream any moment.

 

Dignitias. That was the place people went when they wanted to die. It was suicide but done for you by someone else.

 

He felt his legs going weak and he held onto the wall for support. Why did none of them ever tell him? He didn't sign up for this. He wouldn't have if he had known. He was basically on suicide watch.

 

Willing his legs to move, Suga ran away while trying to keep his footsteps as soft as possible. The terror in him pounded against his chest. And he had to bite his lip to keep him from screaming and trashing like how Oikawa's sister did.

 

He understood how she felt. He understood her completely.

 

He collapsed into the kitchen, the cold marble floor below his knees, and he wondered what he was going to do now.

 

Suga knew he couldn't work here anymore. He couldn't bear to watch this unfold any further. What was the point of taking care of Oikawa when all he was going to do was kill himself?

 

He had to leave. For his own sake, he knew he had to.

 

With a numbness within, Suga went back to preparing dinner except that this was going to be the last time he was doing it for Oikawa. He didn't want anymore to do with his life.

 

When the food was done and sat steaming on the tray, Suga went off to get a pen and paper and quickly penned down a letter.

 

He then held the tray and went to deliver it to Oikawa. Hesitating before his door, Suga felt like how he did the first time he stood outside here. He breathed out and forced on his most Suga-like smile.

 

He entered the room and was greeted with a playful remark from Oikawa.

 

"Were you cooking up a feast?"

 

Suga gave him a weak smile and went to settle the food on the coffee table beside the boy. It was ironic how Oikawa was the warm one now, when Suga felt nothing but the unbearable cold.

 

He held the spoon to his mouth and Oikawa accepted it without objections. Suga avoided his eyes the whole time and he could sense that Oikawa must've noticed this.

 

"Did something happen?"

 

Suga met his gaze for a fraction of a second and found that it was filled with genuine concern.

 

His blood began to boil. How much longer was Oikawa going to act? Was he going to pretend like nothing was going to happen? That Dignitas was completely foreign to him? Did he plan for Suga to just come by for work one day and hear that he had passed on the night before and expect him to move on like it was nothing?

 

Suga's grip tightened around the spoon till it trembled. He wanted to cry. He felt like he was going to breakdown and Oikawa's concern wasn't helping.

 

"It's nothing."

 

"You sure? You don't look..." Oikawa slowly paused, noticing how troubled he looked. He kept his mouth shut and figured that him asking would only make Suga feel worse.

 

"If there's anything you need help with, you can always tell me Suga-san."

 

The grey haired boy only nodded and  continued to feed Oikawa his dinner, devoid of his usual chattering.

 

Suga couldn't help but feel utterly betrayed. Oikawa offering him help was like a slap to his face, leaving him clueless and angry with so many questions he knew he wasn't in the place to ask.

 

When he was done with his meal, Suga quickly got up to leave but Oikawa stopped him just as he reached for the doorknob.

 

"Aren't you going to tuck me in?"

 

Suga curled his fists by his sides and forced himself to return to him. He wheeled Oikawa to his bed and carefully picked the boy up from his seat.

 

As Oikawa leaned against him, being held upright in his arms, Suga felt the familiar warmth of his skin and his minty breath blowing against his shoulder and then it hit him.

 

This feeling of Oikawa under his touch was going to be gone in six months. He was going to be gone in six months. And Suga was never going to be able to get him back.

 

His arms tightened around him and he rested his chin at the nape of Oikawa's neck. It almost felt like a normal hug, as if Oikawa was keeping him from falling apart even though he was the one breaking him.

 

Suga slowly loosened his grip, unwilling to let him go because there was no way he was going to come back again. And he was sure that Oikawa wouldn't come to find him either.

 

When he was settled in his