The Marshal steps into the room, his back straight and face stern, trying no to touch anything as if not wanting to extend his invasion.

"How's he doing?" He utters in a low voice, looking at both of them with unsaid worry.

Raleigh has already managed to move Yancy from the upper bunk to his own bed, making it easier for forcing whatever necessary into him. That was not something easy, both the moving and the feeding. Yancy can be surprisingly grumpy when he's not fully awake and Raleigh never wins in a fair sibling fight (which has happened less than 10 times in their 25 sharing years).

"Better, I think." Raleigh replys, pressing the iced towel more firmly onto Yancy's forehaed. His brother is still asleep. And he himself doesn't even stand up.

Good thing is Marshal is too occupied to care about the petty things like this.

"Make sure he eats, let me know if the condition gets any worse. You may stay here and look after him until he regains his health. Singular training is pointless anyway."

Raleigh looks up and gives a grateful nod, watching as the Marshal walks out the room.

 

 


2.



Mako Mori


Mako visits at lunch time, bringing them two trays of food and some strange cream.

"Apply this on his temples three time a day, that'll help him feeling better." Mako says as she puts her index finger at her temple, circuling three times. 

"Okay, thank you." Raleigh smiles, he opens the little yellow box, the cream inside is also yellowish and smells funny. What is it made of, plants? He wonders if it has a strange Japanese name,too. This doesn't make any sence since Mako has been here for like decades. Better not to ask.

"I brought you coffee." Mako blushes a little, gesturing at the desk. Raleigh is not a coffee groupie, but some caffeine may as well do if his needs to stay awake for an unpredictable long time.

"I don't know what I'll do without you." Raleigh says. Mako visibly reddeneds at this. She gives a small bow and gets out hurriedly.

 

Yancy blinks sluggishly when Raleigh applies the cream on his temple. "What's this? Whateryou doin'?"

"Don't know, Mako gave me this, she says that'll help." Raleigh utters some more words, but Yancy is already on his way drifting to sleep again.

"Wait, wait, don't sleep yet. Take the pills and eat someting first." Raleigh pats his brother's shoulder gently. He rises to to pick out two pills from the little white bottle their doctor gave him earlier today before ponders and chooses the tray with more vegetables.

"Ummmmm the thing's cold." The other man mumbles as trying to get on his elbows. "Feels good, but smells like overcooked fish." 

 

 


3+4



Newton Geiszler+Hermann Gottlieb


The scientists show at about 2p.m. with some donuts and a small bunch of flowers. Flowers? Old-fashioned enough, and where did they get those flowers anyway?

Newt, the one with kaiju tatoos on his arm speaks in a high voice as Raleigh places the flowers on the table (They don't have a vase for the sweet but whimsical gift) :"I booked that online this morning and it arrived in less than a day!! You like it? According to statistics it's best at making people feel relaxed!"

The taller man of the two chimes in faltly: "According to statistics some people die because of allergies to flowers, you moron." He knocks the floor with his cane. "I tried to stop him, but he wouldn't listen."

"Yancy cannot possibly be allergic to lilies!! They are so beautiful!" Newt chants.

"Are you feeling better Yancy? Tell me I am not accidentally killing you with flowers and donuts." Newt smiles as he approches the bed. Yancy is reclining against the headboard, actually laughing at this.

"I won't. I promise." He watches as Newt turns around and gives Hermann a "Told You" shrug. Hermann stares at them and puts on a tight smirk.

"You want some donuts?" Newt looks back at him, "I got a dozen of them, not sure which flavour you like."

"Maybe later." Yancy shakes his head a little. He's feeling better, but still a bit dizzy and nausea. Sweet and greazy things? No, thank you very much.

"Oh, okay." Newt says easily, "the cinnamon one is the best, just so you know."

Hermann sighs some where in the background, and Raleigh laughs.

Scientists. Yancy thinks. 

 

 


5.



Doctor


Their doctor drops by before dinner. A women with elegant figure and beautiful hair.

She checks Yancy's temperature and tells him to rest well.

"Don't worry, it's not caused by viral infection. Hopefully you'll recover completely in another day." She says warmly, laying a soothing hand on Yancy's