his friend again.“Hey! In our defense, we told you we were going to play beer pong before we left,”Rory laughed, putting his hands up in a defensive manner.They chatted for a while longer as Niall waited for his mystery companion to come back, eager for him to meet his other friends.“Well look, we’re gonna go, you know ‘hang out’,”Rory stated, giving Niall a knowing smirk “You’ll call us if you need us, right?”“Sure,” Niall said, distracted by the thought that his friend still wasn’t back yet, despite having left over 10 minutes ago. After Rory left, Niall stood on the floor, waiting to see if his friend would return any time soon. After about five minutes of that, Niall decided to take his search outside. He only realised how hot he had been, when he stepped outside, the cool night air providing some well needed relief. It wasn’t hard to find him. He was lying on the grass, gazing at the stars, two cups beside him. Niall moved closer, hesitantly, not wanting to disturb him. He looked so peaceful, laying there, his chest heaving slightly as he took deep breaths. He could have been asleep for all Niall knew. “So are you going to talk to me… Or are you just going to stand there and watch me lie around,” he said. Now that they were outside Niall was completely taken aback by how beautiful he sounded. He had the kind of voice that you wanted to listen to for hours on end. Deep, and slightly sensual. The way he spoke, was even better. He said his words slowly, as if wanting to make sure that you understood every bit of what he was saying. Combined, it sounded how a slow flowing river would, smooth and serene. If whatever he was doing now didn’t work out, he could probably get a job reading books to children or something. “So… are you going to answer me or…”, he trailed off at the end, rolling over onto his arm so he could look at Niall from where he was.“Well I..I was just…”, Niall stuttered, lowering himself onto the grass next to him, embarrassed that he had been caught staring, and then failed to answer a simple question.He picked at the grass beneath him, twirling it in his fingers as he sat beside him, trying to figure out he he could ask for his name. “Okay, this is gonna sound really weird, considering we danced and all… but I really didn’t get your name back there,” he said, his cheeks flushing with embarrassment as he lowered his head. He Who dances with someone, and then doesn’t get their name. “It’s Harry,” he said, the smile evident in his voice. Niall looked up, nearly falling over when he realised how close Harry’s face was.“Here,”Harry said, handing him his drink.”I got this for you before I came outside.” Niall took it from him, putting it down on the grass besides him. “So, why did you come outside?” Niall asked, leaning on his arm so he could look at Harry.Harry’s eyes lit up, the skin around them creasing as he smiled.“Why? Did you miss me?” he asked, a glimmer of mischief in his eyes.“I… you know.. I just-”“It’s alright,” Harry said, cutting him off. “I came outside because it was getting really hot in there and I wanted to cool down. What’s your excuse?”“Well, I was looking for you,”Niall admitted sheepishly, rubbing the nape of his neck.“So you did miss me!” Harry exclaimed in pure glee. Niall coughed awkwardly, not wanting to let him know that, yes, he may have missed him slightly, despite only meeting him tonight. “Aren’t you bored though,” Niall asked changing the subject from his obvious attachment.“Nah, not at all. There’s so much interesting stuff to do, I mean just look at the stars,” Harry said, rolling onto his back and pointing at the night sky. Niall followed his finger, pausing for a while when he got to the ring, admiring how the thick silver band fit so well around his finger, as if that was where it was supposed to be, before looking into the space in the night sky Harry was pointing at.“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Niall stated,”It’s just a bunch of stars. I mean, the only time they ever make sense is if you’re one of those constellation geeks.” Niall shifted slightly, a thought occurring to him. “You’re not one of those constellation geeks are you, because if you are, you really need to get round to explaining how stars work and shit.”“No, I am not ‘one of those constellation geeks’,” Harry laughed, clearly amused by Niall’s statement. “But I will