, groan coming from within as he abandoned shame. "I want you Levi…I want you in me…"

"I am already…be more specific…" On a fact finding mission, he upped his game and curled exquisitely, brushing a spot with precision and he felt Erwin twitch, the accompanying yell advising that he hadn't lost his touch in the slightest and he squeezed gently, tightening his other hand as he jerked with speed.

"Oh god! Ahhh…ok…I want…I want…" Embarrassed but so close to the edge, the blonde forgot everything else and went for broke. "I need your dick Levi, your fat fucking dick in my ass." Slightly shocked, the one addressed gave a huff of amusement nonetheless and quickened his movements, core heating up as surely the best fuck ever was about to occur. "Shit...Levi...LEVI!" With a yell, the larger of the two unravelled, experience too hot to handle and he came viciously, seed spilling warmth over white knuckles and dropping to the sheets, small puddles of cum a physical manifestation of his pleasure.

"Oh…" Levi withdrew his arms, sitting back and surveying what he'd just created, a panting lump of humanity who collapsed down, chest heaving and voice cracked.

"I'm sorry…I'm so sorry…"

"Hey, don't be. Come here." Back to normal, the small male tugged at his spouse, making him turn so a rather messy hug could take place.

"It…you...you're too good, I guess." Sharing a laugh, they got close and nuzzled in, kisses placed on parted lips. "Let me make it up to you, Levi."

"Huh?"

"Well…" Cobalt flicked down, ashamed yet not enough to refrain from his next utterance. "I liked you being so commanding."

"Oh really?" Brow raised, Levi smirked and realised this could be very interesting, not to mention fucking fantastic. "Alright then…suck me off." Oral was also now a thing of the past, standard liaisons having taken over so he used their new found vigour, unsure if his request would actually be accepted. Holding back from adding 'if that's ok hun?', he retained the air of authority and almost yelped when Erwin spun him round, back hitting wet patches and partner between his legs. As great as this was though, it didn't follow his own imagined protocol and he sat up, swiftly explaining. "No, wait. Like this." Sliding to the edge of the mattress, he swung lithe legs off the side and pointed to the floor, his hint taken instantly.

The tanned male dropped to his knees, palms travelling up porcelain thighs and sparkling oceanic eyes glistening in the dim light. Sure his technique hadn't suffered through disuse, he tongued over the tip of Levi's shaft, forging a route that rubbed deliciously across the source of precum and the recipient shuddered, grasping handfuls of golden hair - rough was the order of the day, script rewritten but players not recast.

"Ahhhh fuck yea…take it all in...swallow me whole, big boy…"

"Big boy!?"

"Just shut up and do it." Disgruntled, the speaker tried to ignore his self deprecation and made a mental note as warm lips enveloped his erection - 'big boy' was not a good pet name. Erwin did as asked, throat out of practise and he gave a few muffled gags, determined to continue through hell or high water; it was fun to spice things up, keep it alive in the bedroom and whatever had created this was very welcome, something which he most certainly didn't mind.

Moving faster, he took the base of his husband's cock and applied pressure, moan from above confirming an old favourite was still appreciated and he sucked harshly, planning on keeping his cheeks hollow right until the time arrived.

"Mmm Erwin…yea that's right…look at me…"

Oh hell no. Eye contact was way too much and a head shook, incredible sensation adding to the moment.

"Fffffuck…do what you're told…" Leaving out an instinctive 'please', Levi stared down as air was pushed from nostrils in a show of defeat, azure pools now locked onto his narrow steel slits and it was basically all he could take, just one simple thing which drove him insane and he bucked upwards into the waiting mouth. "Oh shit…oh yes…holy fuck I'm gonna come Erwin…" Giving in, the breathless pale man continued, words spilling out casually like he said them all the time. "I'm gonna come so hard you'll be tasting me for weeks…" The one incapable of answering just sped up, found nothing funny at the time and the world blurred, his head being crashed downwards by the hold in his locks and he made a humming sound. It broke the seated individual, tickles on his flesh which snapped the last thread of composure. "Ahhhh jesus fucking christ yes! Fuck yes! Erwin argnh god yea!"

Pounding up