that he so desperately wants to see Eijun, but he couldn't do anything about it. That idiot conquered his heart from the first day, and now, finally he managed to get close to him. In truth, Sawamura still defended himself against his true feelings, but Miyuki had a great plan to remedy. At this thought he grinned in his killer way.

As soon as the bell announced the beginning of a break, Kazuya swiftly walked out of class and went down to the floor for freshments. Walking down the hallway he felt the stares of the other students. As a member of the Seidou baseball team, he was very popular, especially that the first-year couldn't enter the floor for seniors.

"Look! That's Miyuki-kun!" Some girl screamed and ran to him, blushing all over her face.

Kazuya took a step back and put his finger to his lips ordering her silence. Unfortunately, it was too late. Around the boy met the whole group of girls squealing and sighing. They asked him to give them an autograph or to go with them on a date.

"Miyuki-kun! You're so gorgeous! So cool! Great! Miyuki-kun, I love you!" They screamed one by the other, pushing him more and more.

"Damn ... What a crazy girls!" Thought the boy and did the only thing that came to his head. He began to run. He headed down the hall without even looking where is he runing. Then he saw Eijun, who was heading in the opposite direction. He smiled to himself and grabbed Sawamura's uniform while continuing to run.

"Hey! Miyuki-senpai!? Wh-What ... what's going on!? Let me go!" Sawamura nearly fell over when Kazuya suddenly kidnapped him. They turned into another corridor, and then in another. They ran up the stairs way to the top, until finally they reached the roof of the school. Miyuki let Eijun and rested his hands on his knees panting and laughing quietly about the whole situation. The young pitcher took a deep breath and aimed his finger at older friend.

"You tried to kill me!" Eijun made an angry face and crossed his arms. "Geez... You're insane."

"Damn! Those girls are like animals! They attacked me in the hallway and wanted to rape me!" Kazuya raise up a laugh holding his stomach.

"You have such success with girls and still complain..." Eijun growled.

Before he could see, Kazuya was already beside him and held him around the waist. Their faces were really close to each other. Just Miyuki's gaze betrayed that they don't end up by hugging.

"You know, I prefer your company than those squealing girls. They are annoying, even more than you are." He said teasingly and licked Eijun's lips.

The younger boy smiled shyly and hugged to Kazuya leaning his chin on his shoulder. When it all started few weeks ago, he couldn't accept that. He didn't understand how is it possible that his senpai has for him some feelings. He resisted him, and even avoided him. But now? Now, he appreciated and loved every moment they spent just alone. He loved their walks and talks. He loved Miyuki's laugh and look. He loved his egocentric character and his way of life. He loved his eyes and lips. He loved his touch and smell. He loved it so much that it hurt. He just simply loved him.

Miyuki hugged Eijun tighter. The younger boy was like a little kitten who needed and loved all the caresses. And while Kazuya considered it a little childish, he couldn't deny him that. He rubbed his nose on Sawamura's neck inhaling the smell, which reminded him a very, very sweet honey. He muttered with satisfaction when Eijun's fingers tightened on his shoulders. He didn't have to see his face to know that he is blushing and sighing softly through parted lips. Kazuya continued his caress. He kissed the younger boy's neck so hungrily that he leave there red marks.

"Eijun, I want you. I want you now." He whispered, and not giving the younger a chance to answer, he closed his mouth with a kiss. From the beginning it was a very innocent endearment, but with every moment became more passionate. Their tongues were playing with each other in an erotic dance, and none of them wanted to stop it. The kiss was sweet and wild. Finally Miyuki slid his hands under Eijun's uniform touching him in a way that he earlier did never before. Sawamura immediately pulled away from him and wiped his mouth with his hand.

"Miyuki-senpai ... Not here. Someone might see us."

"So how long I have to wait?, I can't take it anymore." Kazuya came back to him and caught him in his arms. He wasn't going to give up so easily.

"If today, after dinner, you come to the gym, I'll be there, waiting for