that voice again the quicker they finish up this song. He feels a little peaky and cold now because Zayn's voice does that to you. He's well accustomed to that feeling of awe when he's anywhere in Zayn's presence.

Harry looks around at the other four boys, adrenaline pumping through through his veins. It should be making him feel energetic and powerful, but all he feels like doing is slinking off the couch he's sitting on and onto the floor to fall asleep. The screams are deafening now and he grimaces, leaning onto Zayn slightly. 

He shifts in his seat to watch Niall but keeps his head on Zayn's shoulder as Niall starts talking."You know, it's always a good feelin' when we finish a song and we hear you guys, cheerin' and everything. From up here, you all look so beautiful!" Niall grins, adjusting his earpiece. The fans start screaming again, and Harry turns to hide his face in Zayn's shoulder. Now that they're no longer singing, the headache has gotten to him and is now a full blown migraine. The older man sighs, wrapping his arm around Harry's shoulders. The latter melts into the embrace and closes his eyes.

Zayn nudges him a little because apparently, Liam has just addressed him. He sits up, gasping as his head pounds. He sways in his seat a little and Zayn grabs his waist discreetly. Something is definitely wrong. He looks all around the stage, first at Zayn, who is looking back at him with worry in his eyes, then at Louis and Niall, who are acting the fool, then to Liam, who he realises has been talking for quite a while now. He says something about a Twitter question and Harry tries to focus, because this might be something he's gonna be involved in. 

"Lads, this is a good one." Liam starts, sitting on the back of the settee as the Tweet is pulled up on the big screen. The words look jumbled and after a while, Harry stops trying to read them because it's taking a toll on him. Niall reads it out soon after. "'In the audience's opinion who's the best looking?'" He says in his X-Factor announcer voice. Harry wants to giggle but he can't, because he's getting nauseous. 

He's aware of Liam saying that they would stand and the crowd would clap for who they vote for. Since Liam is already standing, he goes first. The claps are pretty loud, a few screams mixed in as well. Niall next, and they're a quarter scale quieter. Louis' were the same level. Zayn though is a whole other matter, the cheers and screams so loud that Harry feels his stomach turn. Then Zayn goes and bows, the small arena vibrating with screams. 

That was all Harry can take before he's shooting up, sprinting off the stage. He only makes it backstage before he falls to his knees, dry heaving before his stomach contents came up. The absence of Zayn's warm hand pulling his hair out his face made him break out into a cold sweat. He shivers and tries to pull himself up to wipe his mouth on the back of his hand, only to fall back and start heaving again. He gasps, then coughs as bile goes down his windpipe, effectively choking him. He sits up and coughs until he falls back against a wall, gagging and whimpering. He lets his eyes slip shut as he is lifted by someone, before he goes unconscious.

 

Harry opens his eyes and immeditately clenches them shut again, the light shocking him. He's on something soft, and he snuggles down into it. He whimpers as his stomach flips. "Hazza?" Zayn's sweet voice came from above him. Oh, so the something soft is Zayn's chest, the older man's arms wrapped around his back. He peeks an eye open and smiles a little once he sees Zayn's smile. 

"Hey," Harry croaks, wincing as his throat burned. "Are you okay? Do you need anything?" Zayn says, gently stroking Harry's hair out of his face. "My phone? I wanna see if the fans are freaking out." Harry says, small smile gracing his chapped lips. Zayn visibly blanches, tighting his grip around Harry's slender shoulders. 

"I don't think you need to..." He gulps, an undertone of possessiveness in his voice. Harry pulls back, wincing as his head pounds at the sudden movement. "Why not...?" Harry asks slowly, (slower than usual) raising his eyebrow. "Um..." Zayn trails off, biting his lip as Harry looks up and spots his phone on the table. He reaches up and grabs it, instinctively going to Twitter. The first thing he sees makes his nausea come back full-fledged.

'@reybae_nae_nae
@Harry_Styles after hearing that @zayn_malik's cheers were gonna be undoubtibly louder than his own he just runs offstage like a little