of the others. “Nothing,” Makishima muttered. He took the scroll Teshima gave him and slipped it into his bag, then stood. “Well, we should get going. We’ll be back later to spend the night, if that’s okay.”

“I’m sure Kanzaki will be glad to hear it,” Tadokoro replied.

This was the first time Toudou had been to the shop with Makishima, and he had the impression that the beetle-witch was very important to the people that crossed through Crescent Healing. Knowing Makishima wasn’t quite as alone as he appeared to be warmed him.

They took the train from Kabukicho to Kasukabe after saying their goodbyes, the city fading away bit by bit. The station they arrived at was deserted; while they weren't out in a rural area, the town they walked through didn't have the same hustle and bustle as Tokyo. It reminded Toudou of Odawara—relaxed, peaceful. The beetle-witch seemed to know exactly where he was going, his phone tucked away and his eyes sweeping the area. Curious how many times Makishima had walked this path before, Toudou watched from a step behind. Through alleys and main streets they went, Makishima dodging out of sight as if he was leading Toudou somewhere secret, until he turned abruptly by a river and beckoned Toudou down a set of cracked steps overgrown with weeds.

“...Um?”

Makishima had already turned and trotted over to a pier that was covered with such thick ivy Toudou couldn't see the concrete behind it. “Hurry up!” Makishima snapped. A hint of anxiety was creeping into his voice. Before Toudou could ask why the hell Makishima had dragged him to some rickety old bridge in the middle of some nondescript town, the ivy fluttered and parted. Behind it was a half-rusted metal door built into the pier; it creaked open slowly with a noise straight out of a horror movie.

Only after Toudou checked that no one was nearby did he descend the steps. Going into strange doors in strange places wasn't at the top of his list, usually, but a lot had changed in the last few months. Makishima didn't give him much time to contemplate, either; Toudou grunted as he was pushed inside the hollow pier, catching his balance by grabbing onto a damp wall. The beetle-witch followed and the door closed behind them to throw them in complete darkness. Somewhere ahead, Toudou could hear a steady dripping that echoed around them, drowned out by the occasional roar of cars crossing the bridge above them.

The ground they were standing on shook, rattled, and began to move downwards with a metallic whine. Toudou would never admit it, but he might have shrieked and grabbed onto Makishima for dear life. Might have.

“It's just an elevator, idiot,” Makishima sighed. He placed his hand on Toudou’s back and gave it a few firm rubs.

“This is freaking me out, Maki-chan! Where…?”

“The Undercity. Stay close to me, okay? It's not dangerous, but…”

“But?!”

“It's not safe.”

“What does that mean?!”

The hand against Toudou’s back didn't cease. “Shh, Jinpachi. You have nothing to fear. You're with me.”

Part of Toudou felt a distant irritation that Makishima would even consider bringing him somewhere not safe, but another was also proud. Makishima trusted him! Even in less than kosher circumstances! That was good!

Toudou also had enough self-awareness to realize he'd have been offended if Makishima hadn't brought him.

“Big, scary Maki-chan,” Toudou teased. He leaned through the dark to rest his head against Makishima’s shoulder, only succeeding in knocking his forehead against Makishima’s chin.

Makishima huffed, nudging Toudou’s shoulder. “Don't take it lightly. If anyone so much as looks at you the wrong way…”

The sentence was never finished, but it didn't need to be. An overwhelming current of threat washed over Toudou, and he shivered. When it was just the two of them alone, practicing charms and eating by a campfire, forgetting who Makishima was—what he was—was easier. Though he'd never witnessed the beetle-witch in a rage, at least not in this life, Toudou remembered clearly that a beast lied dormant in his Maki-chan.

With a few shudders and whines, the elevator descended beyond the darkness into a sprawling cavern with long shadows flickering over every surface. The foyer of the Undercity was made of old, damp stone that sprouted moss and ivy from floor to ceiling. A dirt road widened at the entrance, then wound out into smaller tunnels, where Toudou could make out doors and shop fronts built right into the wall. A mix and match of lanterns, torches, and electric lights that flickered and blinked lined the walls, the scent of earth mixing up with unfamiliar smells, but it was the sights that had Toudou mesmerized. Flowing skeins of unicorn tail hair lined one stall, another boasted