, he was going to seduce the man to the point where he could not say no, where he would be unable to resist the allure of a fox. He would take the man as his, enter him and mark him in the most intimate way, mark him as his own for all eternity.

Cloud clenched his teeth as precum leaked from his cock. He rubbed the spot where he had been pissed on and held his fingers up to his nose where he could easily take in Sephiroth's scent. In his fantasy, he kissed Sephiroth, and the man wholeheartedly kissed him back. Median or not, the man would counter Cloud's bites with nips of his own. In the fight for dominance, Cloud was sure that he himself would win. He bit his hand to keep quiet as he came fromt he thought of laying Sephiroth onto his stomach and entering him.

Panting, Cloud rubbed both of his hands in the dirt, covering up the scent of what he had just done. He felt dirty for fantasizing about his companion like that. He rolled around in the dirt until the musky stench was covered up to the point where he was sure that a normal human wouldn't be able to smell it among the dust. He quickly tried to clean himself up as well as he could before putting his clothes back on and finally returning to the campsite.

He only hoped that Sephiroth would never learn of his lust. The man would never reciprocate, but what he didn't know wouldn't hurt him.

Sephiroth smirked as he saw a disgruntled Cloud return, dirt strewn all over him. The blond did not say a single word to him – he didn't even receive a look from the fox. It didn't matter. The fox dared to piss on him, and he was not going to allow him to get away clean. Sephiroth knew and understood the general behavior of most furry, four-legged creatures (Median or non), and he knew what the fox was going for.

He was not going to be humiliated by getting pissed on. Patiently, he watched the fox, waiting for any reaction.

A few angry glares in his direction. Nothing else.

Sephiroth shook his head. This childishness needed to stop. He distracted himself by preparing their meal.

Cloud continued to ignore him the rest of the day, even when the sun finally set and it was the time the Median generally went to bed. However, Cloud didn't go into the tent, instead watching Sephiroth with a strange expression on his face. The silver-haired man eyed him and Cloud quickly turned away, laying his ears back. A gust of wind blew downwind from Cloud's direction, the breeze bringing the blond's scent to Sephiroth's nostrils.

The silver-haired man casually turned back to watch the moon as he always did, the musky scent of sex lingering in his nostrils. If the scent was what he thought it was, he did not know how to feel about it. Not after...

"Heading to bed?" Sephiroth asked out of the blue to stop himself from going down that trail of thought.

"In a bit," Cloud mumbled, sounding melancholy. "Why?'

"I was only wondering." He scooted over and looked at the fox in silent invitation.

"Do you stare at the moon every night?" Cloud inquired, sitting relatively far away from him.

"I do. I've been doing it before bed for as long as I can remember."

"Why?"

He shrugged. "I just do it."

Cloud looked up, still avoiding Sephiroth's gaze. "Don't you ever get homesick?"

"Not anymore," Sephiroth said truthfully. "Do you miss your home already?"

Cloud snorted. "'Already'? I've been missing my family and friends for a long time. Don't you have any family to worry about?"

Sephiroth took a big yet subtle sniff of Cloud's musk, the scent stirring old instincts. "It has been so long since I've spoken to mother and father that I don't know if they're even alive anymore," he admitted.

Notes:

Started: 2014年1月25日（土）

Finished: 2014年1月27日（月）

Heehee, and the winner of the piss war is... Well, that's obvious.

Cloud, dominating Sephiroth? Poor delusional little fox.

Things are starting to get better... *rubs hands evilly*

Thanks for the fifty reviews! :D I can't thank everybody enough! ^o^

"We'll be there any day now," Sephiroth said quietly in the darkness of the tent.

"Where?"

"Cosmo Canyon."

"I see..." The blond thought of the name, finding it somewhat familiar, though he had never been very far east before. He couldn't remember where he had seen or heard the name; possibly on an old map in the inn back at his hometown. He swallowed, trying to will away the pangs of homesickness. It had been his choice to follow the silver-haired man, and he was still going through with