He hadn’t looked through his bag since he had gotten out of the hospital, the patchy old gym bag pushed into the recesses of the luggage and of his mind. They’d won, Dio now but a cloud of ash to join the seafoam, and they were heading home... He stretched, accidently hitting the overhead compartment. A photo fluttered down from his bag at the impact, landing by his foot. Plucking it from the aisle, the noticed he didn’t remember taking it. A young man in a black tank top held a knife over the hand of a terrified teenager, who looked into the camera with a worried smile as another teen, this one sporting a pompadour, laughed in the background with a tall brunette... Odd. He stood up from his seat and grabbed him pack from storage, flopping it on the seat beside his own on the private plane. Sitting down with the photo in his lap, he started unzipping pockets. Pajamas, comb, spare clothes and a camera he had managed to spare from Hermit Purple all were packed into the bag’s main pocket. With a defeated zip, he moved to the next pocket. Sure enough, packed behind spare underwear and socks, was a medium sized bag of photos.

He remembered the first few in the stack: the whole group in the desert, one of the few moments of Jotaro laughing sneakily documented, then a blurry pic of Jotaro attempting to snag the camera, all while red in the face... The rest of the photos he had no recollection of. A beautiful woman scolded the same brunette from the first mystery photo, all the while a blond man enjoyed the sight alongside a stick of a man, who seemed to have been diligently sketching away. A few more photos in, he found one with himself playing a video game he couldn’t recognize, playfully looking back at the camera as someone’s thumb was partly in frame, all while the pomp-clad teen from the first photo looked half ready to slam him dead into the tv. A bit farther down the stack, a group of teens and young men all at once tried to beat a goliath of a man at arm wrestling; based on everyone’s expression, they were unsuccessful, but he was having a fun time... The next photo had Jotaro holding the man’s arm down, clearly assisted by Star Platinum, with the unsuccessful of the last photo yelling in the background. He laughed to himself softly as he straightened out the growing pile of photos he had looked at. How did he not remember these? He shuffled through the pile, until one labeled with black marker at its bottom stood out. “Hope to see you again, K. ~Jolyne” The photo was a bit blurry, likely due to whoever took it moving, but a young woman with green streaks of hair was clearly seen posing alongside another woman with himself in the middle, wearing his near-signature shades. Okay, he would have definitely remembered that.

 “Hey, Jotaro,” He said, looking to the right side of the plane. They were asleep, face against the window with their hat half off, the old man a few seats over from his grandson. Kakyoin sighed with a smile as he looked through more and more of the photos. He could simply ask them about it in the morning.