shit about your human zoology but i somehow happen to know what an antelope is because im insanely awesome like that admire me i have a cape
TG: that kind of shit
TG: wait no i have the perfect one
TG: space reindeerfish
TG: or do you like space fishmoose better
TG: the space reindeerfish is a solitary creature that lives on a boat and tries to court someone who is already his pitypile girlfriend into becoming his pityboner girlfriend by slaughering parental figures of his fellow space reindeerrabbits or whatever the non fish version of the space reindeerfish would be to feed them to the thing that sings other space rabbitreindeerfish to death
TG: it is a tragic existence that leads to the space reindeerfish being regarded as kind of a tool
TG: a tool thats ignoring his best outer space buddy because he told him his pitypile girlfriend might be kind of a bitch
TG: fine do you want me to take it back
TG: feferi is obviously a lovely lady with no bad qualities about her at all or whatsoever and i adore her even though ive never spoken with her and i dont really intend to speak with any aliens other than you especially not the annoying ones who harrass me every once in a while like your buddy karkat
TG: who is an asshole who should be shot just saying really i mean how the hell can you consider someone like that a friend
TG: but ill shut up about your taste in friends see i can be non confrontational and shit
TG: arent i a lovely friend
TG: okay so im just going to assume there is an actual reason youre not answering me now because this is getting really lame
TG: dude if youre there say something
TG: please
TG: look at that i even said please like a polite and good citizen if youre still ignoring me after that it makes you a huge fucking douchebag
TG: dude
TG: erifins
TG: eributt
TG: eribubble
TG: eribaby
TG: erigup
TG: erigills
TG: ediddilydoo
TG: eddy
TG: eripoo
TG: erididdle
TG: come on man
TG: just answer me
TG: unless you got eaten by a space oxwhale or monkeyhorse or whatever kind of shit runs around on your planet basically being fucked up like everything else there because you know thats kind of a thing with you guys being fucked up on almost ironic levels
TG: space irony
TG: that should totally be a thing except youre not really ironic and neither is mister caps lock of fury


ectoBiologist [EB] started pestering turntechGodhead [TG]


EB: hey dave!
EB: dave?
EB: dude you should stop leaving your computer on when you aren’t there.TG: no im hereEB: hey dave!TG: supEB: took you long enough to answer, geez. were you making your dumb comics again?TG: no man sweet bro and hella jeff is awesome
TG: let me tell you all about how awesome my webcomic isEB: no thanks! i’m not sure why you’re still making that stuff. does it even count as irony when it’s just plain shitty?TG: man egbert you do not understand the many many layers of ironyEB: and i’m kind of glad i don’t because it’s lame!TG: your face is lameEB: that was the best comeback dave, how will i ever top that?
EB: seriously though dave, usually you’re all over me the moment i get online. TG: all over you are you implying im some huge homo alien tickEB: ...
EB: well i sure hope not because that would be kind of awkward. should i remind you again that i am not a homosexual?TG: oh man fuck no were not going there dude do not take my shit so seriouslyEB: i’m just saying it would be kind of awkward if that was some sort of confession. especially since that would have been pretty much the lamest confession in space.TG: in space
TG: yeah hahahaEB: dude i was totally kidding and i know you were too, what’s with the weird reaction?TG: its nothingEB: it’s nothing is coolkid for i want to curl up on the couch watching movies and eating ice cream from the tub because my imaginary date didn’t show up, right?TG: youre hilariousEB: i know! so seriously, whats up? TG: like i said its nothing its just someone not answering my messages like a chumpEB: oh man. you’re doing that thing where you leave people huge walls of text they have to wade through when they come back from like, getting food from their fridge.
EB: has it even been ten minutes?TG: its been like fucking twelve minutes john shut upEB: you are such a loser sometimes dave!TG: fuck youEB: don’t worry dave, me rose and jade still love you even though you are the biggest dork in the universe.TG: man cooties broEB: that was uncalled for, ewwww.


---

tentacleTherapist [TT] began pestering turntechGodhead [TG]


TT: John informs me you are suffering from the ‘friend is temporarily unavailable help they must be dead’  syndrome.
TT: I am