. Good for me, for you, for everyone.”

From the look on Dean’s face you can tell that he is horrified by what you said. You don’t understand. Doesn’t he love you thin and beautiful? This is the only way to make sure you stay beautiful. You knew he wouldn’t understand.

“Y/N… Why the fuck do you think I wouldn’t love you if you didn’t look how you are? What- Just fucking hell Y/N! You don’t need to do any of that to keep you looking beautiful! You look fucking beautiful as you are-“

You cut Dean off, standing up, “Ya because I make myself look beautiful! That’s why I look beautiful. I will keep doing it so I can stay beautiful! I want to stay beautiful Dean!!”

“Y/N that’s not what I mea-“

You don’t hear what he says because you run out of the room, out of the bunker into the snow; only wearing a t-shirt, Dean’s flannel, shorts, and socks. You run down the road, crying your heart out. You hear Dean shout your name; hear his footsteps gaining on you. You run faster, tripping, of course, of all the things. You cry out in pain and anger. You struggle to get up, you’re freezing. Once you do you try to run, you must have twisted or sprained your ankle, there’s shooting pain up your leg. You still trudge on, trying to get away from Dean, though you know he’s gaining on you, being faster than you to start with but now add in your messed up ankle.

Your stomach gurgles, feeling sick you stop, acidic fluid coming up; you have nothing left in your stomach. After, you stop running; you stop everything, just slump to the floor staring out into the distance.

Dean eventually catches up to you, sitting in front of you on the road.

“Y/N. I didn’t mean that. Please. Let me get you back to the bunker.”

You don’t reply, just slump and nod your head.

Dean puts his coat on you then picks you up. You rest your head against his strong chest but you feel twitchy, disgusted with yourself. You can’t take comfort in Dean right now.

Dean opens the door to the bunker; Sam is standing there, apparently woken from your fight. He frowns when he sees you in Dean’s arms, tense.

“Sam. Just go back to your room. I got her.”

Sam looks hesitant though, “Y/N...”

You don’t look at him; can’t get yourself to, just curls up to Dean more, he puts you on the couch.

“Sam. I said go. I got her. She will let you know when she feels up to it. Let me take care of her right now. Go. To. Sleep.” Dean growls out at Sam. You try to hide your face more, not being able to look at your best friend or your boyfriend for that matter right now.

Sam comes up to you though and hugs you, tightly.

“It’ll be okay Y/N.” Then he leaves for his room, no doubt staying up.

Dean sits next to you, putting the blanket on the back of the couch over you to warm you. He doesn’t pull you to him or rest his hand on you or anything, just sits there.

After a long silence Dean speaks, “Y/N I didn’t mean that you look beautiful as you are- shit I’m shit at this Y/N- I meant no matter how you look you will look beautiful as always. Your body is perfectly fine, no matter if it’s thin or round. It’s your personality that I love. I love that you laugh at the stupid corny jokes I make. I love that you get so into reading your books. I love that you get geeky over your TV shows. I love your adorable laugh that makes you seem so happy, free. I love that you are so fucking sweet to anyone you meet no matter that they are strangers. I love that you can become so sympathetic and caring to a victim. I love you. Please don’t think I wouldn’t if you gained weight. Who the fuck cares? I and Sammy don’t. No one does but you. Please baby.”

You’re sobbing now, clinging to Deans shirt. “I’m sorry Dean. It’s just hard to accept. I know it’s bad. I know.”

“Me and Sammy are going to help you get through this baby girl. I promise you that. YOU will beat this no matter what. If you set back I will be there to pick you back up. I know it will be a long road to recovery but you will beat this. I