You have just met a native Alaskan.”

Asami brings her laptop screen back up in response.

“If it makes you feel any better, we do have a house in California and one here in D.C.” 

“It does, actually,” Asami says from behind her laptop, smiling.

*

It’s bid day.  It’s fucking bid day.

Asami is sitting in the campus café with a cup of coffee and a god-awful turkey wrap, but she eats it anyway because it’s fucking bid day and once five o’clock hits, she can finally go back to being a real member of Kappa Gamma Mu.

Next to her plate her phone buzzes and she picks it up lazily with her left hand.


Little: TWO HOURS UNTIL I GET MY BIG BACK!!!!


Asami smiles and responds back with a slew of emojis, leisurely tapping while she takes a bite from her wrap.

“Cute, cute.”

Asami dumbly drops her phone in her lap and turns around.

“Sorry,” Korra laughs, shouldering her backpack, “I didn’t mean to startle you.” 

Asami puts the wrap down on her plate, leaving her phone in her lap.  “No, it’s fine.  I should probably pay more attention when I’m in public.”

“Yeah,” Korra says. “I know being in public is like, a totally new thing for you.”

Asami glares at her.  “I was going to ask if you wanted to sit, but now I won’t because that was rude.”

Korra smiles and sits down at the small, round table anyway, slipping off her backpack and setting it on the ground by her feet.

“So, have you heard anything?”

Asami shakes her head.  “All I know is that the number of bids everyone was required to give is thirty-four.”  She places her phone back on the table and takes a sip of her coffee.  “Why?”

Korra grins, leaning forward.  “Apparently Theta had to snap bid.”

“Seriously?”

“Mmhm.  Them and Sig Delt.”

Asami raises an eyebrow and hums quietly.  “Well, my little didn’t tell me anything about us, so I guess we’re in the clear.”

“She’s your recruitment chair, yeah?”

Asami nods, picking up her cup of coffee again.  “She’s been bugging me all week for behind the scenes information.”

Korra eyes her closely.  “Did you tell her anything?”

Asami brings the cup to her face, looking at Korra over the rim.  “I cannot disclose anything that has been discussed within my chapter.”

Korra rolls her eyes.

Asami looks down at the half-eaten wrap on her plate.  The turkey looks like it’s congealed and she pushes the plate away from her.  “Are you going to Beta Psi tonight?”

“Yeah, Mako said they and—I think Iota?—are pretty much gonna’ be open house tonight.  Trying to get a good bid day mixer is insane.”

“Mako said?”

Korra shrugs.  “Honestly?  He makes a better regular friend than boyfriend.  He’s not as fun as Bolin, but still.”

Asami sighs.  “I think I just liked having a reason to hate him.  More fun that way.”

“What happened to being a senior and not caring about Mako, hm?”

“Shut up.”

Korra grins.  “Kinda’ sucks that Iota got involved tonight.  They’re so annoying.”

Asami taps at the table with the tops of her fingers.  “Hmm.  We’ve been at their house a handful of times.  We had our holiday mixer with them and Theta last semester.”  She glances away from Korra.  “It was okay.”  That’s a lie, but whatever.  Korra doesn’t need to know everything.

“Yeah?”

“Mmmhm.”

Korra leans back in her chair, pulling out her phone.  “What time do we have to be there?”

“Four.  What time is it now?”

“Three-thirty.”

“Shit.”  Asami stands up.  “Shit, shit.”

Korra starts to laugh.  “What’s wrong?”

“We have to be back at Greek row in thirty minutes and I am so not ready for bid reveal!”

“Calm down, calm down,” Korra says, standing up with her.  “It’s not like you have a whole lot to do.  We just need to wear letters under our panhel shirts, right?”

“Yeah, but I still have to get ready for actual bid day, Korra.  I need to fix my hair and put my face together.”

Korra tilts her head.  “What’s wrong with your face?”

Asami ignores her and bends down to pull a small bag out from under the table.  “I’m running to the bathroom to get ready and then we can walk over.”

The bathroom outside the café is small and only has two stalls and two sinks.  When Asami walks in, she’s hit with the overwhelming smell of bleach, and there are streaks on the mirror from a cheap window spray.  She