Jeff who’d done that, his Jeff.

Jensen winced and shifted in his seat. “I’m, um, gonna go take a shower, if that’s okay?”

Jared remembered his biology classes; Jensen’s body was getting ready to finally release the seed it had carefully hoarded throughout the heat. He was profusely glad he’d never have to experience that particular gem of Omegahood.

“There are clean towels in the cupboard to the left of the sink in the master bath,” he offered.

With a muttered thanks, Jensen shuffled down the hall and out of sight. He was just as adorable from behind. Dammit.

Jared decided he didn’t really feel up to cooking. They could order pizza when Jeff got home. He switched on the t.v., hoping to lose himself in some mindless program.



A>B>O>A>B>O

There were multiple historical and even present examples of at least functional Alpha-Beta-Omega threesomes, but Jeff wanted to be more than just functional--Jeff wanted to be happy. Jensen couldn’t leave him because their bond connected them physically as well as emotionally, but Jared could choose to walk away if it was all too much for him, and the thought of losing him hurt too much to even contemplate.

Jeff hated being in the middle. When he’d applied to the pack firm, he’d been told there were two open positions, the one he was eventually hired to fill and one in dispute mediation. He’d never been more relieved not to be selected for something.

It wasn’t fair for him to force Jared and Jensen together, so he was going to have to suck it up and let himself be pulled in two directions. He would do his best to give them equal time. It was the only thing he could think to do. It probably wouldn’t be enough.

The house was quiet when he walked in the door, and for an instant he was afraid Jensen and Jared might have killed each other, but then he brushed off the ridiculous notion. Once he’d calmed down, he heard muffled voices from the living room and walked in to find Jared seated on the couch, watching some awful talent show’s auditions.

He sat down next to but not touching his husband. Until he had a better gauge of Jared’s mood, he wanted to give him a little space.

“Jensen’s in the shower,” Jared explained before Jeff could ask.

Jeff nodded in acknowledgement. “I thought you hated reality t.v.”

“I do, usually,” Jared agreed, “but right now I don’t want to think, and this crap is definitely mind-numbing.” 

Jeff winced as a hopeful contestant missed the proper pitch by a mile on a song he hated already. “I wish it would numb my ears.”

Jared chuckled at that, and it was one of the most beautiful things Jeff had ever heard. He hadn’t realized how much he’d truly missed Jared until now, and he savored the moment.

Jared must have been wrapped up in it too because neither of them noticed Jensen had entered the room until he spoke. “I know my vote probably doesn’t count for much, but can we change the channel?”

“We could,” Jared said as he switched off the television, “but we might as well have our talk first.”

There was a heavy silence until Jeff finally decided to break it. “Well, first things first--tomorrow is Saturday, so we can take the day to pick up Jensen’s things.”

“I don’t have very much,” Jensen added with a shrug, “just some clothes and a few electronics and books at the dorm. I’ll probably leave most of my things at my parents’ house.”

“If there’s not a lot, the two of you can go collect it, and I’ll move my things out of the master bedroom,” Jared declared.

“No!” Everyone, Jensen included, by his expression, was surprised by the Omega’s outburst. “No,” he repeated more softly, but no less firmly. “If it’s okay, I’d rather take the guest room. Please? I know the bond means I need to be around Jeff, but I don’t know if I’m ready for...intimacy outside of a heat. I mean, Jeff’s been great, you too, Jared, but I barely know either of you, and um...”

“You need some time and space,” Jared suggested.

“I think we could all do with some time.” Jeff was doing his best to be diplomatic, but avoidance tactics would only go so far. “I don’t know if too much space is a good idea, though. Jared and I have had time to get to know each other, and if we want things to work out, and I know I do, then Jensen, we’ve got to get to know you, and you’