, too fast, the proposal and the graduating and the break-up and the job.

 

The summer was supposed to be a perfect, final farewell, to her mom, to her grandparents, to Luke, to Stars Hollow, to Logan.

 

Actually, it was never supposed to be a farewell to Logan.

 

Not a final one anyway-- more like time to soak up each other before they went wherever they were going until the next time that he appeared on the roof of her building or she could afford a plane ticket to go to him.

 

But graduation now carried more sadness than happiness.

 

She only cried at night, quietly, curled up in her childhood bed, where her mother wouldn’t know. Her mother, who never liked Logan, because she only saw her old world in him. Her mother, who didn't want her to get married, because she wanted Rory to do things. Rory knew that this break up would hurt, no matter how many times she told herself this was the right decision, the right choice. She loved Logan, had loved Logan for a long time. She didn't just stop loving him because she didn't want to marry him. But no Logan was better than having to be chained to one place-- to California-- right?

 

Every time she found something of his in her things, or picked up her phone to text him something Taylor had said (because she knew how much the man amused him) she wasn't so sure.

 

--

 

She couldn’t help it, when she got the job. She had been telling Logan everything for three years, celebrating every victory and grieving every tragedy with him for three years. He was the only one she wanted to tell when she got the job.

 

And since she dumped him to have a career, it was only fair to tell him that she did in fact have one, right?

 

Hands shaking, she dialed, unsurprised when he didn't pick up. She took a deep, shaky breath waiting for the beep, realizing she had nothing rehearsed-- Rory Gilmore, who thought out everything she did with painstaking detail, had never had to rehearse anything she was going to say to Logan Huntzberger.

 


Beep.


 

"Hi, Logan. I know that you probably don't want to hear from me, and I get it. But you were the one person I really wanted to tell. I, um. I got a job. I'm going on the campaign trail as a reporter with Senator Barack Obama. I'm going to be on the bus and the plane and all over the country. I leave in three days, so I'm going a little crazy. But… I don't know, you were always the one I told things, the one who celebrated with me. And I know that I gave that up, but I miss it already. So much. I miss you. I've gone to text you a hundred times because we've had this life together for so long and I… I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." She knew her tears were evident in her voice. "I just wanted you to know, Logan. Bye."

 

--

 

The voicemail gives him hope.

 

She didn't say she regretted her choice or that she wanted him back, but at least she missed him. Missed their life, like he did.

 

Maybe she would still be willing to let him be a puzzle piece.

 

--

 

She almost didn’t believe her caller ID.

 

"Logan?"

 

"Hi, Ace." His voice was tense, tight. "I got your voicemail."

 

"Oh." She paused. "I didn't think you would call me back."

 

"I've been waiting for a reason to call you."

 

"Really? After what I did?"

 

"After what we did." He took a breath. "Congratulations on the job, by the way. That's amazing! I can't think of anyone who deserves it more."

 

"Thanks!" He could hear her smile. "It's exciting, it's just… so soon."

 

"Yeah, three days?"
 

"Two now."

 

"How's your mom taking it?" He leaned against the kitchen counter, the familiar ease of their conversation both painful and hopeful.

 

"Not great. We were supposed to have this whole summer."

 

"Yeah."

 

"Do you miss me?" she blurted suddenly.

 

"Of course, Rory. I wanted to marry you."

 

"Right. Sorry." She took a shaky breath. "So."

 

"I'm sorry."

 

"For what? Oh. Sorry that you're going to tell me to never call you again? Don't be."

 

"No. No." He sighed. "Sorry that I gave you the ultimatum. That wasn't fair."

 

"Oh? I mean, I get it. I'm sorry that I embarrassed you in front of all of those people at my party, by not saying yes. I never apologized for that