around and looked into the raven’s 
slate-grey eyes, just to look away immediately. 



“Oh, A…Akaashi! W…What
do you want from me? I…I’m in a hurry, you know?” 



The younger noticed
that the other obviously felt uneasy and didn’t want to talk. Short and
direct. 



“You know, I wanted to
ask you…” 



“Look at the time!” Boukuto
interrupted him. “I really have to go now. See you tomorrow!” Then he
ran off. Akaashi sighed. This won’t be easy.



-



He sat in his room and
thought about his upperclassman. Why is he avoiding every conversation with
such obvious lies?  Akaashi tried to talk to him a few times after that,
every time with the same result. He didn’t know what he could do to cheer his
friend up. Even Boukuto’s parents had no idea what was going on. 



The only person left he
could ask, besides the third-year, was Kuroo Tetsuro because he knew that the
two of them shared everything. From today’s lunch to their deepest secrets. So
the raven got his phone and called him.



“Hello?” 



When he heard the deep
voice Akaashi hesitated to continue. Was it wrong to ask his best friend about
someone’s secret? Well, now it was too late. 



“Kuroo-san? Here is
Akaashi Keiji.” 



“Akaashi? Why did you
call me? Did something happen?” 




He doesn’t seem to
know it. 

“It’s about
Boukuto-san,” he replied. Silence. 



“W…what happened to
him?” Kuroo’s voice was trembling. 




He 

does know it. “Don’t try to hide it. You
know it, don’t you?” 



With a sigh the older
one went on talking. “I can’t hide it, huh? Yes, I know what’s going on.” Finally.
“But I won’t tell you.” What did he just say?



Akaashi was shocked. He
found someone who knew what’s wrong and then this person refused to tell him! When
there was no reply, Kuroo added something. “I won’t tell you, but I’ll help
you. I take it you have already tried to talk to him?” 



“Yes I did. But he
always had excuses to run off.” The second-year was curios what he would hear
now. 



“Try it again.
Tomorrow.” That’s it?



“I doubt that will
work. He…” 



“It will. I guarantee
it.” Without any more words Kuroo hung up.



-



The phone rang. It was
a meowing cat. 



“Hel…” 



“You have to tell him!”
He was confused. Why had Kuroo brought up this topic? 



“But you know…” 



“Just do it, okay? It
won’t get better if you keep it to yourself.” 



He sighed. “I know that
but...” 



“Tomorrow!” 



That was it. Kuroo hung
up. “I’m not ready to tell him yet…” He whispered to himself.



-



It was before morning
practice when Akaashi decided to follow Kuroo’s advice. He waited for Boukuto
to show up and as expected he was one of the last. Just when he saw him, he
heard his voice. 



“Akaashi! I have to talk
to you!” 



He couldn’t believe his
ears. Did Boukuto just say he wants to talk to him? He didn’t have time to
think about it, because the whitehaired already stood right in front of him. He
looked into the other’s golden eyes and waited for him to say something. 



“Kuroo called me
yesterday and said to tell you…” He paused. Now Akaashi knew why Kuroo
guaranteed that Boukuto would listen. He called him and told him to speak with
his underclassman.



 “The reason I have
been down for so long. It’s because…I…” 




Did I imagine it or
did he just blush?

 



“I…I can’t do
this!” He ran away. 




What did just
happen?

 Akaashi was too
confused to realise that Boukuto was already gone. When he did, he began to
search for him. He didn’t care that practice had started, he wanted to know
what the third-year was going to say. 



After quite some time
he finally found him. He was sitting in the grass in front of the track field.
“Shit! Why can’t I just say it? It shouldn’t be this hard!” Akaashi was
prepared for everything, but not that Boukuto would be angry! 



He walked towards him
and sat down next to him. When Boukuto noticed him, he stammered, “A…Akaashi!
D...did you…h…hear me?” He nodded and Boukuto blushed again. 



“If you don’t want to,
you don’t have to say it, you know?” Akaashi tried to cheer him up. “It’s just,
everyone is worrying about you.” 



“It’s not