s just something about Dean’s distress that’s making Castiel uncomfortable.

"Who is Sam?" he asks when Dean has calmed down. "Is he your Alpha?"

The Omega hiccups for a moment before he regains his breath enough to talk.

"My brother."

Castiel nods. "Was he the one that hurt you?"

"No!" Dean looks accusingly at Castiel. The little frown on his face is too adorable for Castiel not to smile down at him.

"Do you want to tell me the truth about why you ended up in that ditch?"

Dean opens his mouth, most probably to argue, but then shuts it again. He presses closer, his nose rubbing against Castiel’s neck and up into the hair behind his ear.

"Sam is Alpha." Dean starts with his mouth pressed against Castiel’s hairline. Castiel wishes they could look each other in the eyes when they talk but supposes that is more of a human custom. "We lived with our pack until Sam was old enough to leave. I wanted to go with him and our Alpha let me. Sam made a pack with some of us and some from another. We lived good."

Castiel can already see that this is headed south, not only because of the obvious evidence. Dean is nuzzling him harder and trembling slightly again.

"Sam has mate, she’s beautiful. I had no one but," he shrugs. "Some were fine. And then a new pack came. Their Alpha is Gordon, he wanted Sam’s land."

Castiel grabs Dean’s thigh and buttock to anchor him to his chest when the Omega starts trembling worse. Dean sighs out a mewl and fists Castiel’s night tee.

"Gordon said he would leave us alone if I came with his pack. I didn’t want to and Sam said no too. So they fought." Dean draws a shuddering breath.

Castiel presses his lips together and tries to ignore the churning in his stomach. "Is Sam alright?"

Dean nods, his cheek scraping against Castiel’s stubble. "He lost but lived. Gordon took me and my pack had to leave. Gordon was mean." Dean whispers, seems almost afraid the Alpha will hear him.

"Did he hurt you?" why is Castiel pressing the Omega closer? Familiar shadows seem longer somehow.

"He took me every night." It doesn’t answer the question but Castiel understands anyway. "He didn’t mate me, said he would wait until I had my heat. He made the others watch."

Castiel grits his teeth. Were society is different than human and no doubt Feral society is even more different but he still doesn’t have to like it.

"But you left?"

Dean nods again. "Two moons had passed and I was so scared but I couldn’t take it. I wanted to be with Sam again. I left in the middle of the night. Gordon sleeps heavily after."

After sex, Castiel supposes. He feels disgusted.

"I went in the direction my pack went but I got lost. Walked for long. Then I slipped and hit my head by the water."

Castiel’s fingers nimbly trace Dean’s head, especially around the part where he had seen blood earlier but barely finds a bump there. He’s just glad Dean didn’t drown in the lakes.

"Your pack might have gotten far away in two months." Castiel says.

The Omega starts sobbing again, little bubbling sounds that wrack his whole body and Castiel just sighs at himself and this whole mess and holds Dean closer.

"It’s okay, little Omega." He mumbles. "We’ll fix this. Come tomorrow we’ll start looking for your pack."

Dean doesn’t seem to hear him at first but Castiel just keeps mumbling the same words and eventually Dean pulls out to stare at him with trust and hope written so painfully obvious on his young face.

"Will you help me?"

Castiel smiles kindly. "Of course, I already said I would, didn’t I?" he soothes his hands down Dean’s back and the Omega arches into the touch like a cat. "Now, how about we try and get some sleep and continue with this in the morning?"

Dean nods but refuses to budge from Castiel’s lap. This is a bad idea if Castiel’s ever had one and Lord knows he’s had quite a few bad ideas in his life.

"Do you want to share my bed?" Dean’s eyes reflect the ceiling lamp unnaturally. "It’s big enough for two and I think you—" he’s interrupted by the Omega hugging him in a crushing embrace.

Castiel stumbles to his feet with the Omega wrapped around him like an octopus and Dean starts purring as soon as they’re moving.

He suspects the Omega’s ankle is more than okay by now, even if it’s only been a couple of hours since he put the sock on. But even so he ends up carrying Dean all the way to his bedroom. He has to walk