had someone so close to her without shying away.

 —

 

There were many like her, hot-blooded people that defended her as she dragged their teammates from the field. She even returned the favor on a few occasions.

 “You’re a pretty good shot, kid,” said a young man with a Texan drawl and a thick leather hat on despite the hurricane season’’s overcast clouds.

She had picked up the gun on reflex when she saw an Omnic get up,one that she previously thought was disposed of, and had finished the job before it could get to a new recruit. They had all received basic combat training, even as medics, but to end another being’s life— mechanical or not— felt strange to her, foreign. For once she had taken something away, with her own hands and she was unsure what to feel.

Despite this, the sun in her continued to thrive.

 —

 

McCree, as he was called, often sat next to her in the mess. When he wasn’t busy with missions outside of dismantling the factory he was pouring Splenda on everything he could get his hands on. “Southern connection,” he would say as if that made all the difference. Rose considered that maybe it did when she saw the haughtiness of people who may have been too used to technology running their lives and cleaning up after them. Even the senior officers had that air about them.

There was a Mason Dixon line in the mess hall, and where it was depended on who passed the tabasco sauce around and who didn’t. At least there were people to talk about NASCAR with.

“You’re a lunatic if you think Diaz ain’t makin’ it to nationals.” McCree said pouring packet after packet of Splenda into his already sweetened iced tea. It sunk to the bottom and made a crunchy, grainy noise against the cup as he stirred it.

Rose grimaced and sipped her own tea. “He’s too preoccupied.”

McCree slurped his straw and crunched the fake sugar between his teeth. “Yeah, what makes you say that?”

“Just a hunch,” she said.

She had gotten used to using euphemisms for what her magic told her, it made people less suspicious of her. The lies like the bottomless well of kindness she had begun to draw from other nurses. Strange, but a necessity to her now.

“Bet on it,” he sad.

Needless to say, Diaz dropped out a week before finals. McCree had cursed and handed her a twenty.

 

—

 

The war continued on with no end in sight. The Omnic factories in the south were still operational and the troops were already tired. Rose was busier than ever, her remedies had been adapted for full-use when resources were low, but even that couldn’t stop death from knocking on their door week after week.

Soon people like McCree were shipped out for other facilities where they were needed most. Rose wondered how bad things must have been wherever they were being shipped off to when things were already so bad where she was standing.

Ava was a comfort, an anchor to keep her from floating away. Rose thanked her in the little private time she had to herself and held her tight in her arms when she could. Sometimes she thought she held her too tightly.

She still thought about the omnic, and meditated long and hard about its death and what it meant. The universe spoke back in whispers so quiet that she had thought she hadn’t heard them at all.

Of course there was always an answer. Rose found more and more she was seeing answers in smaller things. A group of Omnics breaking into base camp and her defending the medical bay with her fellow nurses had been one of them. No one told her she belonged in the field, no one told her to pick up a gun, but she felt the answer in the pull of the trigger and the pull of the various sinew of muscle she put back together after they were torn apart. She was between life and death, closer to her sun than she’d ever thought she would be.

 

—

 

It happened on a Wednesday, she had never liked Wednesday’s. They often were too in-between everything to ever have any good come out of them.

 They were on the precipice. Close enough to the factory that victory was within reach. Rose had been successful in most of her missions, her magic had never failed her and neither had her team. They advanced early afternoon, the anticipation snapping and crackling in the air with every gun shot and omnic felled.

She had seen it before it would happen, much too soon to do anything about it. She saw gold, saw the blue of the blaster, and the pool of red that draped around Ava’s form.

She broke formation and ran, her team covering for her.

Ava was losing too much blood for a simple operation, too much light from her eyes was fading for Rose’s next actions to be anything but crucial.

There was always a consequence to using magic without a conduit that could handle the brunt of the task. There