at the gelatinous eggs and realized why the creature was so sad; every egg was completely clear--they were all empty. The tentacle monster could produce eggs, but apparently, it couldn’t fertilize them. 

Dean wondered what the urgency was. Creatures this size were usually very old, so this one had probably been in the swamp for centuries, but the abductions were a recent thing, and Dean and his dad had looked as far back as any records in the area went. 

Dean forced himself to focus and take a closer look at the monster. Parts of some of the larger tentacles were a mottled grey color. Initially, Dean had dismissed it as a camouflaging pattern, but now that he looked closer, the flesh in those areas was rougher, more brittle looking.

“You’re dying,” he whispered his realization aloud. He felt more sorrow as well as resignation from the tentacle beast in response. “Hell, if this makes you feel better about it, go ahead and use me.” One of the hand-like tentacles cupped his face and he felt a burst of gratitude.

He began to fall asleep, exhausted from the ordeal. The slime tentacle gently tried to prod its way into his mouth again, but he kept his jaws firmly clenched. He wanted to remember...

~~~~~

He woke up on the shoreline, fully clothed. Other than the fact that he was still a little damp, it was as though nothing at all had happened; his belly showed absolutely no evidence that a short time ago it had been impossibly full of large tentacle eggs. Dean could almost have passed it off as a very strange dream, but the date display on his watch showed he’d missed three days.

The relieved hug his father gave him when they found one another again made him feel a bit guilty. He’d actually been having kind of a great time!

When ordered to report what had happened, he bent the truth. He told his father it was some kind of tentacle creature, but he’d been able to break free and kill it after it dragged him to its lair. He explained the rest of the time away as being lost trying to find his way back from the depths of the swamp.

John had seemed a little suspicious, but he’d let it go. Shortly after that, they’d begun going their separate ways on hunts, and though the loneliness tormented Dean, it made going back the next year a lot easier.

His plan was simple: offer himself up for the creature’s use in place of any unsuspecting innocents. Dean had never been one to turn down freely offered orgasms, and the lonely, dying swamp monster could eventually go out with a bang. It was possible that the creature preferred to take a different host every time, and his presence would be ignored, but Dean had a feeling.

He found the same spot he’d been taken from before, stripped down, carefully folded and hid his clothes, and waded out into the shallows. After a short time, he finally felt a tentative brush against an ankle, though he couldn’t see anything in the muddy water. Then a handacle, as he’d nicknamed the hand-like ones, rose from the water and cupped his face like the creature had done last time. He felt surprise and happiness.

“Let’s get this party started!” he declared with a grin.

~~~~~

Over the next few years, he could tell that the creature, he no longer thought of it as a monster, was steadily weakening, but she--yeah, he’d begun thinking of her as a lady, too--still met him in the same place without fail. He’d even given the strangely gentle and affectionate beast a nickname, Tina, not that he used it anywhere but in his own head.

Even after meeting up with Sam again, Dean always found a way to sneak off for his yearly “Tentacle Tina Time.”

He missed it the year he went to Hell. After his resurrection, he went back, afraid that Tina had passed on in his absence. He’d seen no stories in the papers about any abductions, and he’d never known which time with her might be the last.

Just like the first time, he’d barely even contacted the water when he was suddenly surrounded by caressing tentacles. He was equally assaulted by feelings of worry and joy.

“I’m sorry,” he apologized. “I didn’t mean to leave you hanging. You would not believe where I’ve been...”

That year she filled him twice. He didn’t know if it was possible, but he liked to think that she’d saved up her eggs from the last year and waited for his return. After Hell, a bit of pure pleasure and loyalty that he could count on like death and taxes was just about the most awesome thing ever!

He even came the year he was with Lisa. He was especially looking forward to it that time, actually. 

He knew Sam would eventually catch on that something was up, but he couldn