sorry, Oh God don’t stop” - and his hand darted back to John’s shoulder.  John went back to sucking, stroking and licking Rodney's cock, and Rodney kept his hips still.  John ran his free hand between Rodney's legs, cupped and stroked his balls, pressed his fingers against his perineum, circled them around his pucker.  He sucked and licked and stroked until Rodney was moaning continuously.

John felt Rodney's balls draw up, smiled, and pulled away.  Rodney said "John, you bastard, please!", and John thought at the Ancient shower, and filled his mouth with a jet of ice-cold water.  Rodney was saying "You can't stop now, John", and pulling at John's shoulder.  John smiled evilly and let himself be pulled down onto Rodney.  Who screamed "John!  You bastard!", bucked hard once, and came.

John pulled off and laughed up at him, "Oh, honey, you say the sweetest things!", and ignored the come that spattered his face and hair.  Rodney smiled softly, called him an "Idiot", and pulled him up into a kiss that started gentle and soon turned rough.  Rodney's hands stroked through John's wet hair, around his neck, and down his chest to his hard cock, and John grabbed his hands, and said "Stop.  No."  If Rodney touched him...  John shivered, grabbed Rodney and turned him, shoving him up against the shower wall.  Rodney moaned “John”, low and desperate, braced himself against the wall, spread his legs and panted, “John fuck me John”.  Oh, God, Rodney was so hot when he was like this.

John slicked himself up, checked Rodney – aroused, relaxed; two fingers, three – Rodney moaned as he tagged his prostate, and John shivered and thrust in.  Stilled.  Wrapped both his arms around Rodney’s waist, pressed chest to back, thigh to thigh under the spray.  He mouthed Rodney’s neck, ran his hands across his hairy chest, fingered water-slick nipples in passing, and stroked the soft hairy belly.  Closed his eyes and stood still, holding Rodney, in Rodney, still.

Until Rodney moaned “John”, and thrust his hips back, with that little twist that John liked.  John shuddered.  He knew Rodney wanted it fast and hard and hot and right now, but now that he was in Rodney, he felt calm for the first time that day – and Rodney was still due a little payback for all his teasing.  So he kept his hips still, his hands slow and gentle, and touched and stroked.  Bracing one arm across Rodney’s hips to stop him moving, he ran the other hand slowly around Rodney’s thighs, the backs of his knees.  Rodney reached for his cock, and John pulled his hand back to the wall, whispering “No, love.  No touching.”

Rodney, still half hard, shuddered and arched against him.  “John. Oh God, John.  Please.”  John ignored him, caressing his hand down Rodney’s arm, down Rodney’s flank.  Taking his time, he hit all the spots he knew Rodney liked, ignoring his sensitive nipples, his cock and his balls.  Rodney flexed and moaned, a constant litany of “please John please”, but John refused to move his hips.

Rodney recovered fast, but he had no self-control.  John’s good at self-control.  He smiled a kiss against Rodney’s back, and scraped his nails up Rodney’s hairy thigh.  Slowly.  Rodney moaned and tried to thrust his hips, and John laughed and lifted him up onto his tip-toes in retaliation.  Rodney yelped, laughing, "John, you bastard, put me down."  John, still laughing, lowered him back down, and he said "Honestly John, you can be such an idiot, I don't know why I..."   John stroked his hands between Rodney's legs, and laughed, and Rodney said "Oh! Oh, yeah - that's why I... Do that again."  John sniggered into Rodney's shoulder, and Rodney huffed at him, and moaned.

John kept stroking Rodney slowly and gently, occasionally rubbing certain spots.  Rodney moaned and jerked and pleaded, but John refused to speed up; he slowed down instead.  He tugged at the hair on Rodney's chest, palmed his nipples, lipped at his shoulders and the nape of his neck.  John felt Rodney's every movement - every breath - send a thrill through his cock and into his body, and knew he couldn't last much longer.  He stroked Rodney's sensitive nipples, pinching and pulling, and Rodney shuddered in his arms.

He ran his hands down Rodney's chest, tugged the hair on his stomach, stroked the soft crease between belly and thigh, and scratched his nails softly through Rodney's pubic hair.  Rodney was back to begging: "Move, you bastard, fuck me, John.  John."  John smirked and cupped