fault.

“See, still good,” Clary says, elbowing Raphael while Simon is setting up the first movie, “Turning didn’t change him.”

“Turning doesn’t change much. Usually it just heightens personalities,” Magnus says from behind them, “For example, I’m sure Raphael was just as uptight in life as he is in death.”

“I was raised a good--”

“Catholic, yeah yeah,” Clary and Magnus say in unison. Magnus leaves to sit beside Alec on a loveseat.

Raphael tenses. He wants to remind her that Simon wouldn’t even be in this mess of a world if she hadn’t been so selfish. All she had to do was notice Simon’s feelings in the first place, to reciprocate them; or, at the very least, stop taking advantage of them. She didn’t have to involve Simon in every bit of her life, especially not the dangerous ones. But she didn’t push him away when he came around.

He might’ve helped Camille kidnap Simon but at least when Simon was weak and desperate and begging for Camille’s attention, Raphael tried to keep him safe. And in the end, it was Clary who decided to keep Simon around after he should have been resting peacefully. She was the one who decided she knew what was best for Simon, who continued to act that way even when Simon didn’t need her dictating his...un-life.

Tonight isn’t about a fight, though. He’s been involved in enough battles lately thanks to Camille’s misdeeds and Simon’s attachment to the shadowhunters. He just wants to relax and, for once, lose himself in mindless entertainment.

“Tonight, we’re not just watching movies, we’re watching  films ,” Simon says, drawing everyone into the lounge. He looks directly at Raphael.

“Lemme guess,” Clary starts. She moves to the recliner Jace is sitting in and sprawls sideways across his lap, “None of these movies came out after 1989?”

“Um, excuse you,” Simon says, voice lilting in offense, “I’ll have you know that two out of three of these movies are post-80s.”

“He’s making us watch vampire  romances ,” Raphael explains, rolling his eyes and taking a seat on one of the flamboyant purple cushions Magnus put on the floor. Simon and Izzy sit on either side of him. Izzy throws a fleece blanket across their laps and Raphael looks at the fabric in disdain but says nothing to deter either of them from sitting with him.

“Poor taste, Simon,” Luke says from where he sits on a couch with Meliorn and Maia.

“Tell me it’s not  Vampire Academy  or  Twilight ,” Maia pipes up, exasperated.

“Don’t insult me, Maia.”

The  Queen of the Damned  DVD menu starts up and everyone groans while Simon hits ‘play’.

“Why am I so invested in you?” Raphael says.

“You’re about to find out,” Simon replies.

It’s odd, Raphael thinks, because he’s being shown romance films and he’s pretty sure that has nothing to do with what’s going on between them.

After they’ve finished  The Lost Boys  and  Interview with the Vampire  , Raphael gets what’s happening; or, at least what Simon  thinks  is happening.

“Those movies are psychological, thought provoking experiences,” Raphael says as they’re walking back to Hotel Dumort an hour before sunrise, “But they’re still not realistic and have nothing to do with us.”

“Okay, yes they do. Older, more wise vampire obsessed with a fledgling,” Simon says. He pauses, stopping in his tracks, “Wait, so you liked them? You agree they’re  art ?”

Raphael glares at Simon and gives one small nod in confirmation. Simon smiles and grows silent, thoughtful, and they continue walking back to the hotel.

“Akasha, David, Lestat,” Simon says when the enter Hotel Dumort, “They were all just really bad at showing love. I mean, I guess Akasha got the closest to it because she actually got with Lestat but she was still a possessive, controlling monster.”

Raphael flinches. Simon never seems to notice what that word does to Raphael, and he always finds ways to include it in everyday conversation. Raphael used to be one, but Simon knows nothing about that. He used to think he wasn't anymore but Simon makes him doubt his own integrity. Is he an honorable man now or has he always been a  monster ?

“She wants what?” Simon shrieks.

“Just to meet you, Si,” Clary replies. She grabs his hand and squeezes it reassuringly.

“I wouldn’t say that,” Jace says, “The Seelie Queen always has something up her sleeve.”

“We should take Raphael. He’s a better fighter than me, better vampire. Uh, protector of his clan, and whatnot.”

“Are you sure that’s why you want to take him?” Jace asks.

“You said