, Dean considered it safe to attempt conversation. To say that Cas wasn’t a morning person was an understatement, and two mugs of caffeine was the minimum before he was able to string words together.

“Got plans for today?” Dean mumbled through a mouthful of pan-fried goodness dripping with butter and maple syrup.

Cas shook his head. Guess maybe he wasn’t quite ready for speech just yet, so Dean just continued. “I’ve got a paper I need to work on today, but Charlie wants me to hit up that new campus club with her later tonight. Apparently Sundays are queer nights. You should come along. Sounds like you need to get out there since you and Inias broke up.”

That seemed to get Cas’ attention. “Queer night?”

Dean laughed at the ‘deer-in-the-headlights’ look on Cas’ face. “Yeah. Queer night. It’s a new thing they’re trying out, catering to us ‘anything but completely straight’ students. They couldn’t give up a Friday or Saturday for us, of course, but Sunday is better than nothing. Charlie promises it will be a good time. She’s been helping the Pride Centre set it up. What do you say? Up for it?”

Cas still looked a bit confused, doing his usual head tilt (yes, still cute), but he nodded. “Yes, Dean. I’ll come with you and Charlie. Just promise me you won’t leave me stranded. You know how I am with unfamiliar places and situations.”

Dean got up to clear the breakfast dishes and rested a hand on his friend’s shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. “You know I wouldn’t do that, Cas.” And he wouldn’t. Dean was well aware of Cas’ anxiety, and he would do anything to make things more comfortable for him, including keeping him close at the club.

After an entire day of being hunched over his laptop, Dean was more than ready to let loose at the club. He squeezed into his favourite dark jeans, paired them with a black tee and green button down, laced up his black boots and grabbed his leather jacket. A quick glance in the mirror told him he looked damn good, and he was ready to rock ’n’ roll!

Cas was already in the living room waiting when Dean emerged from the bathroom.   His blue eyes seemed to widen when he looked up at Dean. Dean took note of how Cas ran his fingers up through his untameable hair in apparent nervousness before he spoke. “You look very nice, Dean.”

“You look great too, man.” And he did. Cas had changed into a pair of khaki pants and a white button-down. His hair looked artfully spiked, but Dean knew it actually had a mind of its own and Cas had probably spent the past hour trying to get it to cooperate.

They were interrupted by a thumping at the apartment door, followed by a high pitched squeal. Dean rushed to let Charlie in before the neighbours complained about the noise. “What the hell, Bradbury?”

Charlie shoved a piece of paper in Dean’s face before he had the chance to ask her what all the screeching was for. He grabbed it out of her hand and groaned. “It’s another one of those notes.”

“What notes? And why was it taped to your front door?”

Cas explained while Dean unfolded the heart-shaped paper and read it to himself. “Dean has a secret admirer. Someone’s sending him love notes.”

“They’re not love notes, Cas,” Dean sighed, embarrassment causing a flush to rise up his neck. “They’re just compliments. Well they were until this one. Now I’m not so sure.”

Dean wouldn’t have thought it possible, but Charlie seemed even more excited. She was almost vibrating on the balls of her feet waiting for more information. “Well, Winchester. What does it say?”

Dean handed her the heart, which she promptly read out loud for Cas to hear as well. “WE’VE BEEN DANCING AROUND THIS FOREVER. MEET ME ON VALENTINE’S DAY. I’LL TEXT THE TIME AND PLACE.”

“Wow, Dean. This is big!” Charlie looked like she was about to explode. “Do you have any idea who’s sending them?”

Dean covered his ears. How was it even possible for Charlie’s voice to get even more high-pitched? “Nope. Not a fucking clue!”

Charlie looked over to where Cas had been standing, silently watching Dean and Charlie’s exchange. “What about you, Cas? Do you have any thoughts on who it might be?”

“Well, uh, obviously it’s someone Dean knows fairly well. The note alludes to the fact that they’ve been ignoring their feelings for each other for a while and...”

Dean interrupted before Cas could get any further. “But I don’t have feelings for anyone except…uh, except