you're actually hurt on the inside because of that. And now we are ruining your privacy. I know we are the worst." 

Levi buries himself more on the menu, somehow he hated this talk, and he knows that Erwin is coming up with some. He both loves and hates Hange at the same time and that's making everything hard.

"And all of us wanted to make it up for you, we are willing to help you in any way," She continues. "We are a family, right? Families help each other but before that please open up with us."

Levi can easily sense the sincerity in her voice. The waiter came to get both of their orders, Levi thought that he was safe but after the waiter left Petra didn't drop the subject.

"I.... I," Now that the menu was taken Levi got nothing to hide.

"Levi, just say it."

"I hate you," He whispers, he knew he can't hide anymore.

"Oh... okay. Why?" Petra didn't expect that kind of response, but that only explain why Levi intimidates her. 

"For making me talk."

"Ok, why don't we start talking about the new things you got now, only the ones you are comfortable with," She carefully choose her words and topic to start with, she might scare Levi off if she jumps at the topic about Eren and there is a possibility that Levi will never open up again to her. So she tried her best to be careful, the goal is to keep Levi talking until he spills out everything on his own.

Levi thought for a moment, he knew what Petra was after but.... Titan was also a new addition to his life. "Titan, you know the kitten that I took in?"

"The black kitten that you were carrying after Hange's wedding?" Petra asks as she tries to hide her excitement knowing her plan is working. "So, ‘Titan’ is the name you gave. I think it's cute for such a tiny little kitten!"

They both end up talking about Titan and Petra never heard Levi talks so much. He complains about Titan being a lazy cat and not playing with the toys that he bought and how the kitten tends to sleep near his face.

Their discussion ended when their buffet of food came.

"Wow, can you eat all of this?" Petra eyed the food on the table.

"Of course not. Oi! I know you shitty guys are here! I want you guys to have your last meals before I'll fucking kill all of you."

Erwin, Hange, Eld, Gunther, and Oluo came running out of their hiding place. A waiter assists them with their chairs around the round table. Hange immediately digs in her own plate. 

"Hange, please slow down," Petra warns.

"No! Levi will kill me after this! I'll make sure I'll enjoy this moment! One more serving here please!"

Levi stared at the Beta in disgust as she continues to gobble up another full plate, the waiter looks at her with concern before proceeding with his work. 

"He... hehe," Erwin nervously laughs. Eld, Gunther, and Oluo hardly move an inch in their chair, they eat their food in pure silence and as much as possible they avoid eye contact with Levi. 

"Umm, so Levi how are you?" Erwin forced a smile. "I hope Hange's instant flue didn't cause you too much trouble."

Levi pauses and stared down at his food. A bright blush instantly filled his face, he can't escape the eyes around him, all he can do is covers his mouth and lowers his head. Hange eyes widen and she bounces out of their table.

"I knew it! I–" Erwin and Petra immediately grabs her, covering her mouth and forcing her down to her chair. Levi's blush grew more intense when he remembers what happens on Eren's house. He glances up to peek at everyone. Erwin and Petra are holding Hange in place; Eld and Gunther are staring at him with both of their nose bleeding while Oluo bit his tongue again.

Erwin and Petra end up knocking Hange out, in the end, Eld and Gunther was kicked out by Levi ordering them to clean up their noses and to take Oluo to the hospital. 

"It's your fault boss! You're so cute when you blush!" Petra resumes grinning at Levi's still blushing face and Erwin is also doing the same. Levi tried to ignore them while turning his attention to something else, the other dinners look annoyed and sending glares on their table but Levi didn't give a fuck. Seconds later he caught sight of a couple two tables away from theirs. They are smiling and talking at each other like they are the only people in the world.

"Say, what you usually do on a date?" He said out of nowhere. He knew about the basic things but what happens after that is a big question to him.

"I....." Erwin proudly