“Then why’d you kiss her!?” Liam hissed, unable to keep his voice down.

“I-I didn’t, Li. She kissed me.” Zayn explained.

“But you didn’t push her away! You let it-let it… Happin’….”

“Liam. No. I don’t like her. She was waiting outside for me for some reason. She asked me if I could hang out with her this weekend but I told her no but she kept asking and asking and talking and talking and I was about to leave to pick you up Li, but then she kissed me and what, I can’t push a girl. Please, believe me.”

“So… So… You don’t get that fuzzy warm feeling when you’re around her? You didn’t feel fireworks when she kissed you? You can’t imagine having little troll babies with her?” Liam asked, his wide innocent eyes looking up at Zayn.

Zayn cackled, “No Liam, none of that. I’ll never get those feelings for anyone else other than you.” Zayn said, shrugging.

“I-What?” Liam asked.

Zayn grinned, “Love you, Li.”

“I l-love you too, Z..” Liam said automatically

“Good.”

)*(

Zayn was 15 and Liam was 14, going to high school.

 Arriving to school, they first headed towards Liam’s locker.

Liam started getting books out while Zayn leaned against a random person’s locker, next to Liam’s.

A short girl passed by, probably a Freshmen like them, and stopped abruptly when she saw Zayn. She began to fix her hair and makeup quickly before shooting him a dazzling smile.

“Hiya hottie.” She purred.

“Hey there, babe.” Zayn replied and Liam wanted to roll his eyes in disgust as he piled his books.

“Maybe we coul-”

Before the girl could finish, Zayn cut her off, saying, “Not interested. Sorry.”

The girl gaped at him and Liam tried to stifle his giggle as she stomped away.

Liam peeked his head out of his locker to ask Zayn why he said that but a hand was there, holding his chin in place and soft lips brushed up against his ear muttering, “Stop being jealous, Li.”

Liam was about to argue and say that he wasn’t jealous and why would he have to be because she was just a stranger who throws herself at anyone with a heartbeat but then the bell rung and Zayn let go of his chin and moved away.

After class, different from Zayn’s, he exited the door where Zayn was already waiting for him, of course, but this time, he was with 2 girls. One short and pudgy with dark purple hair and the other with Bright Blue Hair.

“Hey Z.. Perrie..” Liam muttered as he walked up to them.

“Liam! Hi doll, this is my best friend, Jade. She’s so heard lots ‘bout you.” Perrie winked.

Liam looked towards Jade who gave him a shy smile and a wave of the fingers. She was pretty. Nice eyes, lips, pretty hair, cute. He would totally go for her, if he, ya know, didn’t prefer dick, or more specifically, Zayn’s dick.

“Hi.” He said with a grin, watching from the corner of his as a frown grew on Zayn’s face, “Would you like to sit with us at lunch?” Liam asked, loving how Zayn balled his hands into fists.

“Uh-uh sureee..” Jade whispered, shyly.

“Right…” Zayn spat, “Perrie, let’s get lunch, yeah?” He said, a smirk painted on his lips.

It was now Liam’s turn to frown, angrily.

“Yeah, let’s leave these two love birds alone.” She winked at Jade and scurried off with Zayn.

“So…” Liam began but was intercepted by Jade.

“I’m in love with Perrie.” She said quickly.

“Yeah, yeah, of course, and I-Wait. What!?”

“And you’re in love with Zayn, it’s a shame.” She shook her head, “But at least Zayn loves you back.”

“Excuse me, but what are you talking about?”

“It’s pretty obvious he was jealous and that you’re jealous when he’s with Perrie or any girl.” She mumbled.

“Um-and you like.. Perrie?”

“Yes.”

“Right.. Let’s get some food.”

Sitting down at the lunch table next to Jade, Liam noticed Zayn and Perrie were close together on the other side. Zayn’s arm slung over her thin shoulders. Liam huffed, taking his apple and biting it harshly. He watched silently, with Jade, as Zayn and Perrie got cozier and watched as Perrie leaned her head on Zayn’s shoulder and watched as Zayn fed Perrie a piece of his sandwich and nope.

Liam stood up swiftly, “I have to go to