friction from Katsuki’s thigh.

For some reason Denki desperately struggling to get some kind of touch seemed to please Katsuki. “Come on what?” Katsuki taunted resting his forehead against the other blonde’s. His hands had subconsciously traveled to Denki’s hips; there he halted his grinding. The electrical boy turned a very deep shade of red. He knew Bakugou wanted him to plead, he could see it in those intense red eyes. And damn it, he certainly was ready to. “Kaminari?” whispered Katsuki, his face hovering over the other’s neck pulse.

“Touch me damn it!” Denki cried, the frustration welling inside him.

“Do it better.” Was the monotone command Katsuki quipped in response. Denki quivered, this was the most uncomfortable thing he ever faced. He swallowed thickly, preparing to say what he knew would please Bakugou.

“Puh-please,” The electrical boy managed to get out, “I…. I need you to touch me.” No longer was Denki demanding, no, Katsuki had reduced him to sputter a plead. And it seemed to be exactly what he wanted, instantly Katsuki went to bite at Denki’s neck. And if that wasn’t enough, he pulled Denki’s hips against his own. Erotically the explosive boy rolled his hips into the other’s eliciting a loud moan from the electrical boy. Denki couldn’t even be bothered to think about what he was doing as he desperately pulled Bakugou’s shirt off. This motion forced Katsuki to leave his, now very abused, neck. Quickly, as the shirt was discarded, Katsuki went in for another kiss. It was a little less rough this time around, Denki even managed to reciprocate some of it. However, his hands were having a much better time roaming Bakugou’s incredibly fit chest.

Feeling up Katsuki’s muscles should have made Denki jealous, given he does not put much into his physicality because his quirk doesn’t require him to, however; the only thing it was doing was turning him on and he couldn’t complain about that. Katsuki also seemed to approve of the motions sighing into their heated kiss whist pressing his body even more firmly against the other. It was also causing Katsuki to fight harder for dominance of the kiss, brashly he pushed his tongue past Denki’s and returned to his previous vicious pace. Denki shuddered as he felt a hand run through his hair, when it got to the ends he felt his head being pulled back by Katsuki. “Yesss.” The explosive boy hissed breaking the kiss leaving a trail of saliva to run down Denki’s chin.

Blood quickly rushed to Denki’s cheeks as he felt Katsuki simultaneously suck on his collar bone and slide a hand down the front of his pants. “Kat-uhn Bakugou.” Denki moaned correcting himself, not sure if the other would be alright with him using his first name.

Apparently he was, Katsuki looked up from Denki’s pectoral area with a sharp glare. “Say it.” He said, “Say my name.” Denki looked down to the other boy his cheeks inflamed.

“Katsuki…” Denki let out in a soft cry, again it sounded like he was pleading. Katsuki smirked upon hearing this and his hand tightly grasped the other’s manhood though his underwear. “Katsuki..!” Denki repeated himself much louder this time. He couldn’t control his hips from snapping forward to the touch. Katsuki was quick not to miss a beat and began to make another mark on the electrical boy this time right on his chest. Denki panted as he slumped against the door in order to hold himself up as Katsuki began to palm at his erection teasingly. His tongue still doing ravenous things to the hickey forming on his chest.

Once Katsuki deemed the area properly marked he came back up to be face to face with Denki. His hand in the others pants didn’t stop, however, as he admired Denki’s flustered expression. “You look fuckin’ pathetic.” He breathed inches from the other blonde’s lips once more. “Wonder how much more pathetic you could look?” And as if to prove that it was indeed possible to make Denki even more of a mess, Katsuki quickly shoved his hand into the only thing left between their flesh. Instinctively Denki arched into the touch letting out a wanton cry as he wrapped his arms around Katsuki’s neck so not to fall down.

In a speedy fashion Katsuki’s other hand began to remove Denki’s pants and underwear so they were out of the way. Along with those he made quick work of his own remaining clothing, Denki quickly glanced down knowing where this had to be going. His eyes flickered back up to Katsuki who was licking his lips in anticipation. And as the electrical boy predicted Katsuki took hold of both their cocks into his one hand and began a rather quick pace of pumping up and down. Denki clenched the taller’s shoulders gasping with every motion. Katsuki seemed to also be consumed by the pleasure, he rested his forehead against Denki’s again, only ghosting his