they seem to be feeding each other more than themselves, and how they very resolutely look at no one else as they argue softly about the baseball team training regime.

               “As I was saying, such a love would naturally end in a happy marriage, of mutual respect.” Anissina turns back to me, twirling her pasta on a spork. “Or in Conrad’s case, some distant hope of one. I just never thought it was for me.”

                “True love, or marriage?”

                “Both, I suppose. Still, it’s ridiculous to suggest that I would force my opinions on anyone else. I believe in freedom of choice!” She pounds her fist into the table. I know I hear it crack. “Really, when have I ever resorted to force for anything? I manage perfectly well with my wits and persuasive words!”

                I am about to challenge that statement until Densham’s words ring in my head again, and I find that I can’t argue. Sure, many a time she dragged me by the collar, kicking and screaming, but I’m always the one to give in…

                “Stop sighing, Gwendal. It makes you look even older and more depressing.”

                I sigh even deeper.

 

It has been a month since we got engaged… and nothing at all has changed.

                I still get up in the morning, have breakfast, do my work, have lunch, do my work, play with the kitties, do more work, have dinner, finish up the work or almost die trying, and then go to sleep. Rinse and repeat.

                Not that I’m complaining. It’s about 20 years too late for that. But isn’t something supposed to happen after the engagement?

                I make the mistake of mentioning that to Josak Gurrier, and that night itself something… happens.

                “What the hell are you doing here?”

                “I’m moving in,” Anissina says, looking at me as though assessing the extent of this morning’s damage. “If you’re not going to offer to help with the luggage, at least don’t stand in the way.”

                “W-wha—why—”

                “Didn’t you want this? Gurrier told me you wanted something to happen between us.”

                Why did he have to put it that way--?!

                …because he’s Gurrier, of course.

                “You’re sighing again.” Anissina neatly flicks me in the forehead, and the headache goes away. As do any other thoughts or sensations in my entire skull. “Or would you rather stay at my place instead?”

                I remember the room she keeps here in Blood Pledge Castle. Both of us spend quite a lot of time here for different reasons, hers mainly being that Densham isn’t quite as tolerant of her experiments as the people here are. Oh, he can’t stop her from doing anything she wants, but he is persistent, and has mastered the art of getting under your skin to a T.

                As for me… Well, someone has to watch the capital while His Majesty isn’t around. Which, believe it or not, is more often than not.

                At least he’s getting better now. I can’t fault his trips to the other side—they’re necessary to his health and his strength*. Thankfully having a kid means he’s less likely to wander across this world and end up in dangerous foreign territory… Until my nephew is old enough to follow him, at least.

                I don’t care, once Shinri is old enough I’m throwing all this work to Wolfram! It’s his job as Prince Consort to be master of the castle when the king is gone, anyway!

                Though he’ll be the first to follow if the boy does go wandering again…

                “Sometimes I think you have as many worries as you do wrinkles on your forehead.” Anissina tosses a pillow at my face. “Relax. Contrary to popular belief, the world won’t end without you. Neither will the country. We did just fine when you went gallivanting off to that prison*, didn’t we?”

                “When I came back, I was greeted by a half-naked Shinou and my doppelganger cousin who was supposed to be in exile.”

                “But hey, the real trouble only started when you came back, didn’t it?”

                For one brief moment, we share a smile. No, it started when His Majesty came back.

                “The kid is a magnet for trouble.”

                “He’s maturing, though. Becoming a dad does that to someone.”

                Our tones are exactly that of fond parents. Me, well, I’m used to acting old, I practically raised Wolfram. But Anissina…

                Our gazes meet, and then we look away again. What Josak said about kids…

                “A-anyway, you can have the bed…”

                “I’ll take the sofa.”

                “…Eh?” Something doesn’t seem right here…

                Anissina has already changed into her nightclothes, and only then do I realize how rare it was for