of him. He wants that right now, wants the warm rush of Rodney's come inside him, dripping out of him, running down his legs.

Rodney smiles. "You like the thought of that, don't you? I certainly do." His leans down, fingers grazing John's jaw, and kisses him. Slow and deep, his tongue invading John's mouth, and John just opens up and lets it happen. They're both breathless when Rodney pulls away. "On the bed now, I think," he says, straightening up again. "On your back. Hands over your head."

John gets up on shaky legs, moves over to the bed under Rodney's watchful eye. The bed smells familiar, scented with Rodney-sweat and coffee, and John feels himself gradually begin to relax for real. He lies down, following Rodney's directions, and grips the edge of the bed so hard his knuckles turn white. He wonders if it'll be enough.

It's like Rodney's reading his mind, because he asks, "Do you need to be restrained, John? Want me to tie you up so you can't move?"

John swallows. "Anything you want," he repeats, hoping hard that Rodney will catch on.

Rodney studies him for a long moment, and then smiles again. "Yes," he says. "Yes, I think so. Stay there, just like that. Don't move."

Then he's gone and John strains his neck to try and see where he went. He doesn't dare lift his head; Rodney told him to stay still, but he can hear rustling noises. When Rodney comes back to the bed he's holding a couple of ties, one dark blue and one garish red with flowers. John holds back the urge to giggle at the thought of Rodney wearing that tie, and Rodney gives him a glare. "Yes, yes. Very funny. I don't really think you're in a position to mock my fashion sense at the moment."

The red tie with the flowers goes around John's wrists and the bedframe, tying his hands together and securing them above his head. He has to fight the instinct to struggle against the bonds. Rodney finishes and meticulously checks the knots, tugging at them to make sure they're tight enough. "Still think it's funny?" he asks with that lopsided smile of his, the one that never fails to turn John on like crazy.

John shakes his head. No, not so funny now. Rather, it's exhilarating and a little scary, like he's made of air and Rodney has to tie him down just to keep him from flying away.

"Good," Rodney says and kisses him. "I'm going to blindfold you now. Maybe that'll keep you from thinking so much."

John gasps at the feeling of the blue silk tie against his face. Rodney makes sure it's tight over his eyes so he can't peek. The only proof that Rodney's still there is the sound of his breathing. "Too tight?" he asks, and when John shakes his head, he continues. "You know, I think I'm beginning to like this. You look beautiful. All spread out for me to play with."

Fingers on his face, sliding over his jaw, his cheek. "Open your mouth, John."

John obeys and Rodney's fingers slip inside. He sucks on them, like he did on Rodney's cock earlier, wraps his tongue around them and moans. "Good," Rodney breathes. "Just like that, get them wet for me." His other hand skims over John's ribs, finds his nipple and twists. The sensation makes John moan again, a sharp shock of not-quite-pain. He can feel Rodney's smile against his neck, as Rodney presses light kisses against his throath and lips, he shivers a little at the hint of teeth over the pulse point beneath his jaw.

It's so good, like his skin has been starved for touch, and because he can't see, he can't anticipate what Rodney's going to do next. He can just lie there and take it, breathing through his nose because his mouth is full of Rodney's fingers. Rodney is slowly kissing his way down John's body, licking his collarbones, sucking at his nipples until it feels like they have a direct connection to John's cock, touching him everywhere, until John is certain he can't take anymore. It's just too much, all this sensation, this perfect sense of intimacy, the only thing that is important is that Rodney keeps touching him.

Then the fingers are gone from his mouth and John cries out in inarticular protest. Rodney's hands slide down to his thighs, gently prising them apart to expose his hole.

"Spread your legs," Rodney orders and John does so, spreading as wide