bath, I think I overdid it, he thought. This was Akashi he was talking about, he didn’t need to show attitude just over one mistake. Although, he thought he heard a small voice inside his mind telling him it was alright, since this was a once in a lifetime experience. 

What was he thinking?! 

He slapped both his cheeks and shook his head; he was definitely acting like a high school boy. Later, over dinner, they’re going to talk. He’s going to suck it all up and talk to Sei like he always does when there seems to be a problem despite him being awkward as hell.

Right. He can do this.

He stood up from the bath and grabbed his towel, drying himself off before wrapping it around his waist. He tucked the other end of the towel right on top of his left hip as he opened the door, and walked straight to his closet across the room. Just as he opened the closet door, he felt warm, strong arms wrap around his waist from behind.

“You’ve been avoiding me,” a lucid voice said, and Furihata felt his warm breath on the back of his neck. He blushed at the sensation, noting their proximity and the fact that he was one tug away from complete nudity.

He wanted to be annoyed at how futile his attempts to not look embarrassed and awkward in front of Akashi were. He wanted to be annoyed at how cool and smooth Akashi’s voice sounded… How he feels somehow warmer, with Akashi’s arms wrapped around him and his back pressed to Akashi’s body… then he remembered he was frustrated at this guy for for-

“I’m sorry, Kouki,” he whispered, pressing his forehead on Furihata’s neck, pulling the smaller man more towards him.

“I remember now… you telling me how excited you were to watch the kids perform. You were so proud of them. I feel worse, because looking back I think I was only paying you half a mind when you were telling me this while I was working on something else. I believe that’s why I’ve forgotten about it…”

“Akashi…”

Furihata felt Akashi flinch a little, but he didn’t release him from his embrace.

“I’ve been selfish, Kouki, I thought I was being reasonable with my birthday as an excuse but earlier I realized we didn’t have to go that far for me to enjoy my birthday, as long as I’m with you.”

Furihata took Akashi’s arms in his hands and unwrapped them from himself. When their grip relaxed, he turned around and wrapped his arms around his neck.

“Thank you,” he said, looking straight into his crimson eyes, his vision blurring a little from the tears forming in his own brown eyes. He didn’t want Akashi to see him cry, so he closed his eyes and planted his lips against Akashi’s.

The kiss was warm, and they both pulled away with a wet sound.

Akashi wiped the tears from Furihata’s cheeks with his thumbs, and proceeded to cup the back of his head to pull him in for another kiss. Dinner forgotten, he brushed his lips on Furihata’s, and he responded by sucking gently on Akashi’s bottom lip, causing the redhead to groan against his mouth. Furihata ran his hands on Akashi’s chest and stomach as they ravished each other’s mouths, tongues dancing and exploring each other. His right hand eventually stops on top of Akashi’s black slacks. He pulled him closer by his belt and groaned when he felt his lover's growing cock against his own through the soft material.

Akashi’s hands slid down to Furihata’s shoulders as he pulled away, their eyes both half-lidded from the pleasure of tasting each other after a whole day of frustration and misunderstanding. He pushed Furihata back, and Furihata complied, until he felt the bed behind his legs. Akashi pushed him gently to sit on the bed. Furihata, expecting Akashi would sit beside him to continue their rather amazingly long overdue make-out session, tilted his body a little to the side.

He was, however, met with Akashi kneeling down on the floor right in front of him.

“Wh-what are you doing?!” he panicked, as his lover reached out to untuck the towel wrapped around his waist.

“You always do this for me whenever you feel guilty about something; it’s only fair if I get to do it for you, too,” Akashi said, a mischievous grin playing across his lips.

It’s not like Akashi had never given him a blowjob before, because he had, countless times, during foreplay, but never like this, when it was solely for making up. The idea of the Akashi Seijuurou on his knees, pink lips wrapped around Furihata’s erection, head bobbing up and down as an apology was way hotter than he’d expected. Furihata felt his face grow 5 shades darker as he watched Akashi remove his only safety from complete nakedness