as his mouth is busy working his skin. He trails kisses up and down either side of his legs, neglecting the aching cock in the middle. He wants him to beg, tease him until Louis can’t stand it because the boy has been doing that to him. His tongue darts out to lick a strip of skin to Louis balls, sucking lightly before pulling off, he blows against the wetness his mouth is leaving behind.

Arching and crying out at the licking, Louis tangles his fingers in blond locks, making sure not to pull too hard. “Liam!” he groans, hips rocking. He looks down at his soon-to-be lover. “Please” he breathes.

He grins, pulling up “Yes?” he shoots an eyebrow up.

Growling, he pulls the younger man up, crashing their lips together. His tongue fucks into Liam’s mouth. Both break for air. “Fuck me, please” Louis breathes against Liam’s skin.

“Patience.” He breathes, pulling away again and sticking his fingers inside Louis mouth. “Suck” he commands as his other hand brushes against Louis leaking member.

Eyes rolling in pleasure, Louis does as he’s told, sucking Liam’s fingers deeper into his mouth and running his tongue over each digit. He eyes the other brunet with lust as his tongue covers every whirl and knuckle while his hips rock in plaintive need for friction.

Once Liam decides that his fingers are coats enough, he dips for another heated kiss before moving down, his mouth hovering over Louis’ dick before his fingers slide over his puckers entrance. Liam licks a stripe on the underside of Louis cock as his finger rubs the ring of muscles, teasing him.

Shivering at the press of fingers, the older man tries to relax his body. “Stop being such a tease!” he whines, moaning at the brief touch to his hard and leaking member.

Pressing the tip of a finger in, Liam pushes a digit in slowly as he takes Louis into his mouth, moving him inside his mouth slowly as he starts to work him open with his fingers.

Crying out, back bowing, Louis presses closer to the wet heat, fingers tightening in their place among Liam’s fringe. “Fuck yes!” he moans.

Swallowing around Louis cock, Liam pushes his finger deeper inside, crooking it to stretch him a little more. He bobs his head a few time before pulling off completely, not wanting to Louis to cum to soon. He slips in another finger inside, working him open. Liam’s chocolate eyes look up at Louis while he’s finger fucking him, licking his lips at the sight of the man lying open and wanton for him.

Having shifted his hands to the desk, Louis’ white knuckle grip on the edge showed how strung out on the other’s fingers he really was. Mutters of “yes” and “please” passing his lips like water over a brook. Head tilted back, the secretary bears down onto Liam’s fingers as much as he can. “So ready!” he moans.

Making sure to stroke the bundle of nerves before he pulls his fingers out, Liam moves up to press a feverish kiss against Louis’ lips. “So hot,” his voice is already wrecked as he ruts his hips to slide his own boxer clad hard on against Louis’.

Letting out a whine, Louis grabs the other man to pull him closer. “Think this is hot? Wait till you’ve filled me up.” His own voice has gone husky. He licks his lips and leans in for a kiss, one hand working to get Liam’s boxers down.

Giving up on his patience, Liam helps Louis tug down his boxers, freeing his cock. He groans at that feeling as he slides his member against Louis, bringing a hand down over both of them to fist them before leaning down and kissing the male beneath him.

Louis does his level best to rut into Liam’s hand and cock. “Feels so good. Want it bad babe!”

Squeezing the tip before a flick of his wrist, he pulls his hand up to spit in it, coating his cock with it and moving Louis closer to the edge of the desk. A hand presses on Louis hip as Liam positions himself to take Louis. He edges in slowly, without proper lube, it’s harder, as he does so, he groans at the tightness. “Fuck…Louis…”

Breathing through the pain, Louis tries to relax. HIs teeth grit as Liam slides into him inch by hard inch. He reaches a hand between them to stroke his softening member, body opening up slowly for his lover.

Liam moves to Louis, coaxing his tongue out for a lazy kiss as he slips all the way in. He doesn’t move, waiting for them both to get used to the feeling. His fingers are probably leaving bruises on Louis’ hips as they kiss, Liam gripping them as he’s trying to get used to the vice grip around his cock. “Mmm,” he groans, licking into his lovers’ mouth