Tadokoro for noisiest of the team named Naruko. Imaizumi was their fifth main member and although he was more aloof and quiet than the others, he did seem to care about them in his own way. On this team the one who raised the eyebrows of those who thought they knew better than the captain who should be in the main six was a small boy with glasses named Onoda whom his captain referred to as a natural talent. Also on their crew were the Kanzaki siblings whose love of and care for ships was well known; their family’s business was building and maintaining space ships. A young and angry tennis player named Aya who often wielded her weapons as though they were a tennis rackets. Sugimoto was an experienced spacer, though compared to the natural talent or hard work of his teammates his experience seemed to count for little. The odd duo known only as T2 often escaped the public’s notice, as for all intents and purposes they seemed like normal people. Together, however, they were a formidable match for anyone.

When the ships landed to hand off the pirates to the world council they reported to, they were often bombarded by reporters from various countries. During one such time Kinjo and Fukutomi stepped forward to talk to them, allowing the others to slip away with little notice. 

The Sohuko crew had been fully intending to simply go into the base and enjoy the luxuries of being on land, right up until two voices stopped half of them.

“Maki~chan! Wait up! I have to make sure you don’t just eat ice cream the whole time you’re on land!” Toudou ran over to them causing most of the other main five to roll on his crew to roll their eyes. “You’ll never last as my best rival if you eat terribly every time you’re down here!”

“Sakamichi!” Manami grinned and waved to the small kid with glasses in the Sohuko uniform. “We should compare notes--that last thing you did that went like <i>swish</i>! I’ve never seen it before!” 

The rest of Hakugaku dispersed into the base with expressions that ranged from sneers to eye rolls at their leader’s behavior. 

“Okay kids, let’s get cleaned up then!” Tadokoro laughed and T2 simply nodded and followed him. “You too, red bean!”

“I am not a red bean, old man!” Naruko snapped following him for the express purpose of throwing more insults at him. 

“Don’t stay gone to long, we still need to report to the council.” Imaizumi said quietly to Onoda while looking at Manami as if he’d rather shoot the boy than leave Onoda alone with him. 

“Go get cleaned up Imaizumi, we won’t take too long to deal with this annoyance.” Makishima grumbled, giving Imaizumi a small push in the direction that the others had headed off in. 

“Yeah, Imaizumi!” The younger of Kanzaki siblings laughed, catching his hand in her free one. Her other hand was wrapped in Aya’s. “Come on, we’ve got actual food in our bunk’s kitchen.”

“Which I’ll end up having to cook, no doubt, assuming Tadokoro leaves any for the rest of us.” The older Kanzaki sibling laughed, heading off himself while the other three followed at the promise of real food. By the time they left, Makishima had already gone off somewhere with Toudou.

“It’s good to see you again Manami, on land I mean.” Onoda grinned at him. They too headed off somewhere quiet to compare notes and catch up on how the other was doing. 

“It’s been a while.” Manami nodded smiling up at the sky. “Each trip up there lasts longer, one day we won’t come back.”

“That’s the plan!” Onoda grinned, catching Manami’s hand to drag him into one of the training buildings. “One day we’ll clear the sky of pirates and everyone will be able to leave earth freely.”

“Yeah.” Manami smiled softly at the back of Onoda’s head then grinned as Onoda stopped and picked up practice weapons. “Are you going to show me?” 

“I might as well, that way I’ll have someone I can practice against!” Onoda grinned back at him as he passed Manami one of the weapons. 

The weapons were odd things due to the need to be able to use them both with and without gravity and in any conceivable condition. The practice versions looked for all intents and purposes like spears, or glaives, to be more precise. A long stem with a blade on the top. It was the materials that were the interesting part. The metal that both they and the non-practice weapons, were made out of was one that was not found on earth, but rather on one of their neighbouring planets. Once one used the weapon for a decent amount of time, it started to conform to their particular fighting style, changing in shape and abilities based on those that used them. The practice weapons had to be essentially wiped of memory after