encouraging the person molesting him. The fingers left him and he felt both relief and frustration, unable to deny the tent in the front of his pants. Relief turned to horror when he felt something warm and hard pressing against him, rubbing against his hole. "W-Wait, please!" he whimpered quietly, trying to move away without getting his friends' attention. The person's hands held his hips firmly still, their thumbs spreading him open as their cock pressed teasingly against his entrance. "Please, I'm a virgin...!"

 "I'll be careful, then, but I won't be slow, Onoda-kun." The boy's eyes widened and he looked behind him, shocked to see Naruko's face close to his, a cocky smirk on his lips. "This would be a unique way to lose it huh?"

 "Na... Naruko-kun..." Onoda's eyes were comically wide, but he felt himself relax, thankful that it wasn't a stranger touching him this way.

 "Onoda-kun, bend over a little. It'll hurt a little less that way." Naruko flashed him a grin and rubbed against him again, his nails digging into Onoda's hips a little. After a moment of hesitation, the slightly shorter boy bent his upper half a little- not enough to be suspicious, of course, but enough to make this easier for them. Naruko licked his lips and grinned more widely, pushing into Onoda all at once. The other boy pressed his lips together tightly, tears gathering in his wide eyes.

 "O-Ow..." Naruko gave him a comforting pat and rocked into him, groaning softly into his best friend's ear.

 "See? Doesn't it feel good?" He made a point of pressing deeper into Onoda, hands angling his hips so that he would hit his friend's sensitive spot.

 "O-Oh!" Onoda gripped the pole more tightly, biting his lip and clenching around Naruko's hard cock. The redhead sighed in pleasure and pulled out only about halfway before pushing in again. Onoda's legs shook, his hips twitching each time Naruko pulled out or thrust into him again. "N-Naruko-kun..." Onoda covered his mouth with one of his hands, his face completely red and his eyes wet with tears. "Naruko-kun is taking my virginity... With a lot of people around who could see..." The redhead laughed quietly, running his tongue along Onoda's ear.

 "It's exciting. It's different. You wouldn't feel like this if it were somewhere boring, like a bed..." Naruko pulled out almost completely and quickly sheathed himself inside of Onoda again, a strangled moan caught in the smaller boy's throat. It seemed like Naruko wasn't at all trying to hide what they were doing...

 Onoda tightly gripped the pole in front of him with both hands, his eyes closed tightly so that he could hold his breath and focus on not making any noise. It was difficult, being unable to cry out when he could feel Naruko's cock moving in and out of him, each movement stimulating that spot inside of him-

 "Sakamichi, are you okay?" Onoda started and stared up at Imaizumi, his face reddening further. "You're red, and you seem like you're holding your breath. Are you having a panic attack? I can clear the area-"

 "No! A-Ah, no, Imaizumi-kun, I'm fine. I just have a bit of a cold, I think..." A particularly rough thrust made him shudder violently, gasping under his breath.

 "It seems like a pretty bad one... Perhaps you need a doctor?" Imaizumi looked thoughtful, not noticing Naruko and Onoda's lower halves moving. "A warm blanket, an ice pack, some hot soup, a hot damp cloth... Sakamichi, if you need help, I can come over today. I don't have any plans."

 "Well I was going over to Onoda-kun's today," Naruko grinned widely, moving his hips faster. "But I doubt he'd mind you tagging along, I guess..."

 "I'd better come," Imaizumi said, a deadpan look on his face. "You probably don't know the first thing about taking care of someone."

 "Hey, I know plenty, hotshot!" Naruko scowled. A particularly hard thrust made Onoda shudder again, his hands clutching the metal pole tightly.

 "Hm? Sakamichi, are you okay? I can carry you if you need me to."

 "N-No, Imaizumi-kun, I... I'm f-fi.... iiiiiiineeee..." Onoda panted, his voice wavering and a moan escaping him. Imaizumi looked concerned and stepped closer.

 "Sakami.... chi...?" Now that he was closer, he noticed Onoda's body moving rhythmically and looked down, seeing Naruko moving his hips so obviously that it couldn't be mistaken what they were doing.

 "Hotshot, you look funny with