bones shattering and breaking still played in her mind, she couldn't help the small sadistic smile that graced her lips at the memory. Though she was technically a wanted woman and the servants weren't the only people she'd had to kill since leaving the estate, her life was much better than it had been. Nothing in the world could make her even consider returning to the hellhole she had escaped from.

If she had to continue to take out the people that got in her way to retain her freedom, then so be it.

"And look at where you are now, a somewhat successful medic drinking alone in a shady ass bar.", she muttered to herself before taking a large drink from the glass of rum in her hand. It burned going down, but that wasn't about to bother her one bit. There were worse things in life than a little alcohol burning her throat. She set the glass back down on the counter and turned in her chair to survey the bar, wondering if she would find who she was really seeking on her travels. In truth, the true reason she was wandering from town to town was so she could hopefully run into the infamous pirate crew known as the Akatsuki. From what she had heard through the rumor mill, they would be the perfect people to help her get back at her father for the things she had to endure as a child.

They would be able to give her the true sense of freedom that was so desperately seeking. Coupled with the fact that it would be nearly impossible for her to be arrested and hung for her crimes against both her family and the country. Normally, men would be let off with nothing but a slap on the wrist for killing somebody. But as a woman, she would be hung without question. And she wasn't ready to die just yet. She had been lucky so far that the people she had healed had either never heard of her or were too desperate for healing that they didn't care that she was technically a murderer.

For now, all she could do was hope that the Akatsuki would require a medic and would be willing to take her in.

"Oh, who am I kidding? Nobody in their right mind would take a pink haired eighteen year old healer with a grudge seriously..especially one that is wanted for somewhere around ten murders.", she grumbled bitterly. With a small sigh, she turned back towards her glass, intending to down it as quickly as she could before getting another one in her system. Her aim was to get drunk at that moment, a foolish thought she knew, but she wasn't in the mood to act smart. She just wanted to feel like a normal person for once in her life. Since the discovery of her gift, she hadn't been treated like a normal human being by anybody, not even the clients she healed as she journeyed. The moment someone found out that she didn't use traditional medical techniques, she was treated like she was a monster. So, once her obligation was completed, she took her payments and left without a second thought.

"You look like you're thinking pretty fucking hard there, Pinky.", a voice snickered.

Sakura snapped out of her self pitying thoughts and turned in the direction of the voice that had clearly addressed her, after all, how many people had pink hair?

"What's it to you if I'm thinking?", she asked smoothly, a pink eyebrow raised questioningly. Sakura took in the sight of the male next to her, noting that he didn't look like he was much older than her self. Piercing purple eyes bore into her own jade eyes. Silver hair slicked back tastefully and wearing nothing but a strange pendant around his neck and a simple pair of black leather pants.

"It doesn't fucking matter what you're doing, but I'd watch my ass if I were you. Most of these fuckers look like they're already molesting you with their eyes, wouldn't want to give them a chance to actually do it, now would we?", the stranger replied with a small smirk, his eyes roaming over the small woman next to him. It wasn't everyday that a woman wandered into the bar, especially an attractive one.

"Why, you worried about me?", she replied with a smirk of her own. Despite his foul mouth, she didn't feel like she was in any danger sitting next to the mysterious man. In fact, in a weird way, it felt almost comforting.

'Don't start getting comfortable, Sakura. You never know about the shady ass people you run into in these villages. Knowing your luck, he could be after your bounty as well. Better to be cautious.', she inwardly scolded herself for her foolishness.

"I wouldn't say I'm worried about you, Pinky. If the fucking rumors about you are anything to go by, I'm pretty sure you could lay me flat on my ass without even breaking a sweat.", the silverette replied with a small chuckle