proves he’s graceful even outside of the court. “Show off” Furihata said, without contempt, when Akashi lands in front of him.

Akashi scoffs at his remark but held no weight. “We’re almost there.”

“Just uphill from here.” he added. Akashi begins to unbutton his blazer “It’s easier to take it off now but you don’t have to.”

Without much persuasion, Furihata unbuttoned his own, heat was collecting from his blazer from all the walking despite the cool breeze around them. Akashi wasn’t kidding one bit. It was definitely a trek. They continued in silence, both equally spent, until the ground began to level, they must be at the top, Furihata thought and he’s left in awe when he laid his eyes on the scenery.

Above whispering treetops, the night sky was filled with glittering stars seemingly colliding with the kaleidoscope of lights from the city. From the sides, cascading stem of leaves embellished the leaning trees, as fireflies swarm around it. The smell of flowers hung in the air, heady and sweet while crisp air breezed past his skin, inflicting goosebumps where it touched. It’s no plateau but it was high enough to overlook the city, the buzzing metropolis and dancing lights added life. It looked more like a sanctuary than anything else. It felt surreal to him, as if it was all a dream. Waking up now would be too cruel.

Akashi’s voice woke him from his trance “Excuse me,” he said, walking past Furihata and towards a stone, a tombstone. Furihata slunked under a tree’s shadow, wanting to give Akashi his privacy, though his eyes betray by keeping fixated on him. The tranquil ambience lets him quietly recall the events leading to this moment. It was suppose to be a simple day for him, to finish the school festival and come home. But Akashi changed all that, or rather, Furihata allowed it to change because of him. Thinking about it now, it might be mix of a crush and admiration that he has for Akashi. He doesn’t have the urge to kiss him at every waking hour but he does have a desire to be close, both literally and figuratively, so it’s not just him being a sexually frustrated teen.

He wants to know the Akashi that is kind and playful and also the side of him that sees nothing but victory that anything less is unacceptable. Furihata is starting to understand now, how the two personalities intertwine. The other spoke to him on the train, just by the way his tone had Furihata unnerved; like a prey to it’s hunter. Not once did his aura let up, daring Furihata to say and do otherwise. He didn’t know how to deal with that Akashi. He’d have to learn.

“Why are you all the way over there Furihata-kun?” Akashi said, tilting his head towards him “You look a bit shady over there.”

“I’m gonna pretend I didn’t hear that” Furihata teased, suddenly getting flashbacks to every pun Izuki made.

“I thought that was pretty good, no?”

Furihata only hums skeptically, not wanting to receive the brunt force of Akashi’s wrath if he disagreed.

“Fine. Be that way.” Akashi suddenly said,

“A-are you angry?”

Akashi doesn’t answer, instead, hums probably in spite of his own just moments earlier. Furihata throws his head back, laughing as he clutches at his stomach. He hadn’t thought Akashi and petty went together. The discovery was reassuring.

“All things aside, Akashi-kun, this place is beautiful” Furihata settled down beside him, facing the streak of lights adorning the obsidian canvas, though his eyes looking slightly past Akashi, feeling foolish at the question on his tongue “But why here?”

“My mother brought me here a few times, always insistent how much beautiful it was if it were nighttime. She never, or rather, my father allowed little to no leniency in my schedule that such a thing was not possible. Not until she passed away.” Akashi laid on his back, eyes on the stars “It’s funny how life works. It’s unfair that in exchange for this scenery, my mother is not with me. I still think I hold a grudge for that.”  

Furihata listens on, not knowing how to reply despite initiating it.

“You don’t need to feel obliged to reply.” Akashi urged, as if reading his mind, again. Furihata hopes, teasing at the idea, that he hasn’t read too far into him.

“How do you do that?” Furihata gave in, suddenly feeling bashful.

“Do what?”

“Knowing what I’m thinking...” he disclosed, flushed to the roots of his hair.

“Your emotions are etched on your face Furihata-kun, like wearing your heart on your sleeve” Furihata was none too happy about that, he didn’t need to look so transparent in his thoughts “There’s always a range of emotions on