that’s not any better, that’s not

 i hate this.

i hate feeling out of control.”

 he stood up and walked to the window. he placed the edges of his palms against the sides of his face and pulled. his index fingers touched his hairline as he tried to smoothen his expression.

tears still leaked out, still flowed out. tadashi breathed in, and out. in. out. in and out.

in. out. in. out. in out.

a sob collapsed his composure.

“no, no. i’m sorry. don’t.

...

i need to leave."

"im sorry."

“don’t say things you don’t mean.”

 

“i do.”

 

“no you don’t.

say it to me the day you feel it from your heart.

don’t say things just for the sake of saying things tsukki. you don’t know what it feels like to give and give and give and give.

…

i’m so tired tsukki i can’t keep giving anymore. i thought we were different, i thought you would make an effort for me, if not for yourself. but."

 

tadashi walked out of his room door and tsukishima followed him, trying to plead. stay, stay, please yam- stay i mean it i’m sorry you’re making me beg. please don’t do this to me i’m nothing without you.

 

“you forgot me, tsukishima.”

tadashi tadashi

oh god, come back

please

you exist in a world where there is too much traffic. the air sits too heavy in your lungs and if someone cut you open, they would find a mass of congealed smoke, like fungus ridden bread, resting where it should have been pink. like congealed smoke, you are also sticky and poisonous.  it was 5am in the morning. the sun wasn’t shining. not yet, anyway. you could hear clattering on the roof and you couldn’t bring yourself to care about the monkeys that had probably messed up your laundry for the fourth time this week. in the darkness of your room, you gave a shit about deforestation.  you continued to give a shit about deforestation. your thoughts turned to global warming, the end of the human race. suddenly, the sun would grow large. some fancy astronomy shit you didn’t understand. it scared the shit out of you. you stopped thinking about it.  you couldn’t stop thinking about it. you picked up your phone from the ground and pulled up some article that you were reading three days ago instead of doing your homework. the eventual heat death of the universe, the sun becoming a red giant, gamma ray blasts that might end the world.  you were shaking. in the darkness of your room, you were shaking. you were afraid. if not in this life, then the next. you would make everything right. there were so many lives. you had walked around the fire together seven times. you were together for the next seven lives.  you weren’t together anymore. what about your next life? the one after that? what if your seven lives lasted till the sun grew too large and engulfed the earth and you couldn’t fix this.  you forgot him. you admitted it. in the heat and the pressure of work and your parents nagging and the traffic and the noise and the sounds of new delhi, you had forgotten. him, yourself but mostly him. it was so easy, to lose yourself in the big city. there had been tomes written about it. the loss of identity, becoming a part of the masses that commuted to work everyday and how google maps showed red patches all. the. goddamn. time.  even the cutesy indian accent of the person telling you to take a left turn off mahatma gandhi marg didn’t cheer you up.  mostly. mostly because tadashi wasn’t there anymore. tadashi wasn’t there to tell you “omg, they changed her voice.”  “look tsukki. listen.” “they’re actually pronouncing shit right.” “tsuuukkkkiiii”  you got out of bed and reached for your glasses. the air conditioning had turned off at some point at night. the electricity here was shite. god, you hated this city.  didn’t everybody?  you loved yamaguchi though, and that was enough. the heat, the dust, the dust, the noisy, obnoxious, fake accented pretentious people that you had to deal with everyday at your museum job were annoying. you wanted to leave, you wanted to go back to heat, but better heat. still dusty, still noisy, but more polite. you wanted to go back home, you wanted to go back to hazrat ganj and its alleys, the gomti, that feeling of being steeped in your roots. like freshly made chai early in the morning, not that chai tea shit you got when you and tadashi had traveled to france. not the weak ass tea bag shit.  you wanted to go back.  you were scared. the ease with which you said, thought