I have no idea… he just touched me and it was like he was pulling my insides out or something… burning pain right here.” She taps a clenched fist to her middle. “It was like he was reaching inside me, draining all my energy…”

Sam thinks of Crowley’s plug socket analogy and then he blinks, because it hits him like a thunderclap to the ears, this will be unpleasant, and a streak of lighting to the eye, if there’s someplace you find soothing, you should go there.

He dips his face down into his hand, rubs his fingers on his temple, tries to shake it out of his head, tries to stop his fingernails from clawing through his skin and his skull, from worming their way into his gray matter to pick and scrape at the sandy mortar holding the bricks together. But maybe he doesn’t even have to scratch because there’s a nook there, a cranny next to it, and maybe if he were to put his cheek there he’d feel foul air seeping through, and if he were to press his eye to that fissure and peer in past the barrier he might see luminous eyes, and maybe if he squeezed his hand into that crevice he might be able to touch, and grasp, and pull—

“Jesus. I don’t know how he did it. He was a mess, I mean, she cut him up really badly.”

Sam jumps, swivels his gaze back up. Gwen’s eyes are closed and she’s chewing her lip. “Fuck it, Samuel.” She looks right at Sam. “I didn’t know he was planning this. She told him she could get your mother for him, Christian too. I’m sorry.” She tilts her head then, frowns. “Are you okay, Sam? Only you don’t look so good.”

“Just – running on fumes,” he says hoarsely. He ignores the ache in his head, pushes to stand, extends a hand to pull her up. “Dean drew them off. Stick close… we need to get to the church, figure out a way to stop her if we can.”

She lets herself be pulled up, stops there. “Wait a minute,” she says. She eases out a sigh. “I know you’ll think I’m crazy,” she says quietly. “But – Samuel.”

Sam isn’t really surprised. “You’re going back for him.”

“I’m all he has now,” she says softly. “And so help me, I love the old bastard.”

“Well, be warned,” Sam tells her. “The porch sort of fell on him.” He scrubs a hand through his hair. “Dean tried to run him down.” He puts a reassuring hand up when she blanches. “He’s in one piece, don’t worry. But…” He gropes for words, decides to be blunt. “Honest Gwen? I don’t think you can really help him.”

She gives a messy half-shrug, nods, and she sounds defeated when she answers. “Well, I can stick by him for as long as he won’t be helped. And then I guess I’ll take it from there.”

“Well, look us up when that happens,” Sam says awkwardly. “You got my cell number. Any problems, try Singer Salvage, out of Sioux Falls.” He smiles. “Take care of yourself, Gwen. You know where we are if you need anything.”

She says his name as he starts walking, and he turns back.

“You’re different,” she notes thoughtfully.

Sam laughs, sort of. “Yeah, I guess I am,” he says.









DeanDeanDean…


The voice drifts slowly into Dean’s consciousness, and Castiel is a long, hot weight on him, kissing his neck and crooning under his breath. He has his hand cupping Dean’s cheek, and his thumb is dragging restlessly back and forth under Dean’s eye.

Reality snaps back, unwelcome. “How long have I been out?” Dean says hoarsely, as he peers at his watch again.

“Just a few minutes…” Castiel is shaking, from the sheer high of what just happened, or from nerves, Dean can’t tell. “Dean,” he says uncertainly. “Are you alright?”

Dean grunts noncommittally, pats himself down mentally, checking for injuries. His chest still tingles and smarts, like a mild electrical current is passing through it, but at his core he can feel a warmth, an odd, out-of-place, misty fog of wellbeing and serenity that eases his heart and soul. He snorts soft hair away from where it’s tickling his nose, pushes a hand up under the henley to the bare skin of Castiel’s back, rubs it up and down the bony ridge of the angel’s spine. The gesture feels right, and natural, and he doesn’t give a fuck if the clock is ticking, he’s