classroom. Akashi guided him past the other students, the giggling causing Furihata’s cheeks to dye scarlet. He couldn’t recall ever being so humiliated, but his so-called lover didn’t seem at all fazed by the crowd’s reaction to their exposed relationship.

He was let free when Seijuro decided to venture to his own seat. Finally, a moment he could breathe and be by himself, only the whispering wasn’t making that simple. Surrendering, he flopped down into his chair, resting his head on the desk as he tried to drown out the noise around him.

It was seconds after that he became aware of some pointing at him, their mortifying gossiping continuing. Kouki mentally groaned. Weren’t boyfriends supposed to defend their loved one? Yeah, Akashi was doing a grand job with that as he seemed to be engrossed with talking to some other people who were on the student council. Though he did make it a point to glare over at him if he suspected him of derailing their charade.

Mibuchi had been right; they were terrible at this. Who would buy this?

“Furihata-kun.”

The soft voice snagged his attention. A boy of similar height was peering at him, concern reflecting in his sky-blue eyes.

“Ah, Kuroko.” He bowed his head slightly. “Good morning.”

Kuroko nodded in return. “I don’t mean to intrude, but it never struck me that you and Akashi-kun were so close. I have to say this is all taking me by surprise.”

Caught in another web, Kouki’s gut reaction was to laugh. Uh, right, now what was he supposed to do? He had no idea how to answer that, and it wasn’t helping that people were now leaning in to listen to their conversation. Kouki never knew how nosy his classmates truly were until today.

But then fate intervened as Seijuro deciding to save him… no, more so checking to see that he wasn’t screwing anything up. He smiled politely at Kuroko, halting by Kouki’s side.  

“Is there something you needed, Tetsuya?”

Kuroko stared at him blankly, as though he was seeing right through that pretense of a smile. “No. I was only asking how Furihata-kun was.”

Chuckling lightly, Akashi patted the top of the dark head, eliciting another low growl from the owner. “Try not to bother Kouki too much today. Having our relationship publicized like this is difficult for him.”

“Which part am I having a difficult time in, again?” he mumbled, causing Seijuro to glare down at him.

After that mishap, class commenced. But it didn’t cease the numerous glances he kept receiving. Right now, all Kouki wanted to do was turn invisible, or at least get out of everyone’s sight. All attention was on him, because why would anyone dare to defy Akashi Seijuro of all people? That was a death wish waiting to happen, and they weren’t stupid enough to blindly risk themselves.

So, why not spring for the next best option and focus on his boyfriend? Wait, were they dating to the school and engaged in his father’s eyes? What the hell, they couldn’t even get their damn story straight!

Wearily, he tumbled back into reality when he realized a familiar figure was passing by him through the row. Kouki snapped to attention and gripped onto the thick sleeve that brushed against his desk.

“Where do you think you’re going?” he hissed. There was no way he was going to stay here alone with the many glances upon him.

Akashi pulled his arm away. “Council meeting. It’s probably going to take up the hour."

“You’ve got to be kidding me!” He flushed at the teacher who wasn’t too happy about being interrupted. “You can’t just leave me here!” he whispered harshly.

The bane of his existence merely shrugged. “No choice.” And then once more that cold glare was on him. “Don’t say anything stupid while I’m gone. I will find out.”

Of course. A threat. Why did he mislead himself that he’d ever hear, “Hey, don’t worry about what anyone says. Just ignore them, and if they bug you, I’ll set them straight,” like a good boyfriend would do? This was Akashi. 

Kouki banged his head on the desk, earning even more stares. Today was going to be one of the worst days of his life. 

 

 

Barely managing to rid himself of his jacket and bag, Kouki flopped down onto his bed. At last, sanctuary - something he had been yearning for since the day commenced. For the moment, he was safe, safe from school, safe from rumor-mongering, and safe from Akashi.

Worming under the blankets, Kouki kept his face pressed into the fabric, breathing in the light floral scent of fresh laundry. The aroma, though common, was enough to begin to ease his jumbled nerves. And after the chaotic