against the floor. Rodney wants to curl up in a corner, get as far away from the door as possible. Not that it'll make much difference. There's nowhere to hide, and he doesn't have a chance fighting his way out. But he's learned a thing or two from John and Teyla and Ronon and he's not going to spend his last moments in life cowering in fear. Instead he moves to stand in the middle of the tiny room, facing the door.

The lock clicks and the door swings open. Rodney closes his eyes for a moment and swallows. He's freezing and he's sweating like a pig, and he's dizzy enough that the room is spinning around him. He really ought to open his eyes and face his destiny, but he just can't bring himself to do it.

"McKay? You okay?"

Rodney's eyes fly open. He doesn't recall crossing the floor. The next moment, he's wrapped his arms around John and he's kissing him, and he might be clinging and babbling in an entirely undignified way and...

Rodney lets go of John like he burned himself. Oh, fuck. He didn't. He absolutely did not just do that. It was a hallucination brought on by terror and low blood sugar, he did not kiss John Sheppard.

John, who gets that wide-eyed, deer-in-the-headlights look every time someone tries to give him a hug. John, who won't let people touch him unless he absolutely has to. Rodney did not just slobber all over him.

Except, he did. Shit.

"Sorry!" he stammers. "Sorry, I wasn't, I didn't, I thought I was going to die!"

John's eyes narrow and he reaches up to tap his radio. "I got him, he's okay. We'll rendevouz at the 'jumper." When he turns his attention back to Rodney, his face is a blank mask. "Come on," he says. "Let's go home."

The walk out of the compound is very quiet and very uncomfortable. Rodney can see the trail where John made his way in. There are unconscious, tied-up guards all over the place, and Rodney feels a grim sense of satisfaction at this. He would feel even better if John could just meet his eyes, or maybe say something.

Teyla and Ronon and Major Lorne and his team are waiting in a cloaked jumper outside the compound. At least they all seem relieved to see him. Teyla asks if he's hurt, Ronon clasps his shoulder hard enough that there are going to be bruises, and Lorne does that fidgety military thing that means he's probably been worried but is too tough to admit it. John heads straight for the cockpit and powers up the 'jumper without saying a word.

The check up in the infirmary doesn't even take an hour, and Rodney finds this very disappointing. Being held captive can be a very traumatising experience and Carson should really do more than put a simple band-aid on the cut on his arm and tell him to go get something to eat.

Teyla and Ronon take him to the mess for dinner. John disappeared somewhere between the 'jumper bay and the infirmary and Rodney hasn't seen him since. He should probably go and find him and try to explain that any kissing that might have taken place earlier was absolutely not because of the crush Rodney doesn't have on John. It was a... a way of expressing gratitude, that's all, and in hindsight it was not the best way, but still pretty understandable given that Rodney thought he was going to die.

But his feet lead him to the lab and then there are people to yell at and by the time he's done, it's dark outside. Rodney lingers for as long as he can but he can't hide in the lab forever. He's going to have to talk to John at some point and he should do it as soon as possible, before things get weird between them.

John's not in the mess and not in the gym and not at the firing range. Rodney doesn't really expect to find him in his office, but he checks anyway, just in case. There is, however, no John anywhere in the city, which only leaves his quarters.

With a deep sigh, Rodney steels himself and heads for John's room. There are so many ways this conversation could go wrong, and Rodney would rather not have it at all. Maybe if he doesn't say anything, John will forget about it and write it off as just another crazy thing McKay did.

Only, John doesn't forget things, and Rodney might have done and said a lot of crazy things under pressure, but he's never before forced kisses on poor unsuspecting Lieutenant Colonels.

He stands outside John's door for a long time before he knocks. The seconds