meant to be the calm one.
"Let's bust the door off it's fucking rails."
Derek spun in his arms facing him and furrowed his eyebrows, "Danny, you swore. That's twice now. You never swear."
Danny raised one eyebrow of his own, "That's the part you focus on?"
"Right. Door. Busting." They braced themselves on one side of the sliding metal door. "Okay, kick on three. One… two… three!" With a loud crunch, the door flew open and toppled with a thump.
Stiles was unconscious on the floor.
"STILES!" They raced to his side. Derek braced Stiles' head in his lap, Danny leant over him, his and Derek's hands together framed Stiles' face.
Danny could see the dark circles under Stiles eyes, he was so pale, apart from the parts covered in paint. There was a streak of white through the front of his hair, greens and greys all over his black shirt, and blue all over his face and hands. Not completely out of the ordinary. Paint on Stiles was as frequent as his constellation of moles, but hadn't he left the studio at all? His thumb gently slid along Stiles' cheek bone, had he been eating? From here he could hear the dulcet tones of Jesse Lacey through his head phones which had slipped from his head in the chaos, and what appeared to be… snoring?!
"He's asleep."
Danny watched as Derek's whole body physically unlocked, his shoulders finally relaxed somewhat. Derek wrapped one hand around the back of Danny's neck pulling their foreheads together. "He hasn't slept while we've been away, thinks his pillow smells wrong, has camped out in his studio painting 24 hours a day, has forgotten to eat, has been listening to angst ridden Brand New over and over again, and has now passed out probably chanting Burnt Umber this whole time."
He nodded, the tattoo of his heart beat finally steadying . "Exactly that."
"Cerulean Blue, actually." Stiles slurred, mid waking up, he tapped his finger on the tip of Danny's nose, then on Derek's, and proceeded to pass out again.
Danny looked at Derek's nose, a small smile crossed his face, his dimples showing for sure.
"What?"
"Stiles blew us."
"What?!" Derek wiped the tip of his own nose, and looked at the paint on his finger.
"Ha. Stiles Cerulean Blue us."

Hello! Long time reader, first time poster! I hope you enjoyed that!

This is my first Teen Wolf fic and my first fic on Ao3. It's far from beta'd, though I have read it through a million times. I'm sure it's not perfect. Are my hands shaking? I think they are shaking.

The band Stiles is listening to is real and is called Brand New. This is a nod to one of my favourite Sterek AUs Play Crack the Sky by Derrbobs.

The Ex-Firehouse in 70 Barrow Street in The Village is a real place. I have made it one giant home instead of separate apartments.

This is also the first of what I hope to be several more chapters.

Thanks so much to all who have left comments and kudos on my first chapter. As this is the first fic I've really written (aside from a very short Gone in 60 Seconds/Fast and the Furious Crossover I wrote when I was a teenager), it's just wonderful to hear that people have enjoyed it so far!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Derek woke to find Danny staring at him. 

Derek had carried a sleeping Stiles to the ugly green sofa in the studio and proceeded to pass out sitting up. Stiles was still fast asleep, spread face down across the sofa, one arm hung over the edge, face squished into the seat cushion with his bare feet in Derek's lap. 

He didn’t think he’d slept for long, his anxiety still lingered from the past few days events. They were all together now. Everything was okay right? The thought of losing Stiles. Derek gripped the feet in his lap. Losing Danny. They had been his everything since High School, since the fire… he didn’t want to lose anyone ever again.

Danny was still staring. 

Danny's head ducked down. He put his hands in his front pockets and he looked up at Derek through his lashes. Derek groaned as his pants instantly tightened. What was he thinking about again? Danny added his small smile, the dimples appeared. He stepped toward the sofa. "He'll be okay you know." Everything Danny said when he looked like this was extremely convincing.

This is how Danny had gotten him in High School. The head tilt, the eyelash gaze. Danny could tell him to jump of a cliff right now and Derek would do it. 

Danny had only been a Freshman and the very first time he’d seen Danny