. I grabbed my bag and headed out

“I’m off” I shouted.

I remembered my phone going off, I checked it, finding a text from an unknown number

*Good morning beautiful Xx You still up for it? -Ni*

*Yeah sure, text me later the address* I don’t know what to put as a signature, but I just decided against it

*Can I just fetch you? :c -Ni*

*No*

*Why? -Ni*

*Because I don’t want you to :p Now stop before I change my mind*

*Fine :P, Laters ;) Xx -Ni*

I was to intrigued, that I didn’t realize I was already in front of the bakeshop.

I walked in with a smile, on my face when I spotted Mike

“Morning Mikey!” I shouted. His cleaning the kitchen counter.

“What’s with the good mood?” He chuckled wiggling his eyebrows.

I raised my left eyebrow, and he got the message quickly.

Sometimes he forgets that I don’t have a normal relationship and that our sex was always not as heavenly as everyone-- people who think I have a happy love life-- thinks“So why are you smiling then?”

“I wasn’t” I rolled my eyes at him.

“Please tell me that you finally realized how much you love me and that you finally want Jack to fuck off so that we can run away and chase the sunset like in the movies” He’s already catching his breath.

I just looked at him trying to keep a serious face when all I want to do is burst out in a fit of laughter

“Damn” Snapping his fingers, faking regret.

“Oh, Mikey, you know I will always love you!” I said pinching his cheeks wiggling it to the sides, I didn’t realize he’s already reaching for me til I felt the sting in my cheek.

“Shit sorry, I didn’t realize, I-- wait... Did he hurt you again?” I looked at everywhere but him. “Hey look at me.” He held my other cheek making me face him.

“When will you leave him? I dare say this is already enough. Alex I care for you, and you know that. It pains me seeing you like this.” A pregnant silence, stretched between us.

“I sometimes imagine it-- you know, him wounding you, while your curled up in a corner so vulnerable yet--Gaah!” He groaned his hands leaving my cheeks. “Please leave him Alex, please leave him before-- before he kills you..” He whispered the last bit, an audible gasp escaped my lips

 I bit my lip, stopping myself from crying. My fist clenched. “You know I can’t” I spat, not because of my anger for him. But for the hatred I feel towards myself.

What did I get myself into?

“Fuck! Okay, Fuck! This pure bullshit! Fuck Zayn, Fuck Jack, Fuck everybody!” I winced at his words. Fuck everybody huh? I know he doesn’t mean it that way but it still pained me. I’m Disgusting. I’m a freakin stripper for pete’s sake! “-sometimes think about yourself Alex! Zayn doesn’t even fucking know how much you are sacrificing for him! I bet his already with anothe girl, I bet his already big headed who thinks he could buy the whole world. And I bet he is so angry at you right now... I bet he doesn’t love you anymore.”

Realization dawned me, he’s right, I bet if he will find me, his first impression is loathing. I left him for his brother and now I’m a stripper, of course Its inevitable for him to feel that way.

He  realized his sudden outburst. “Look, I’m sorry but I want to you face reality, to know the truth before--” He cut himself off

“Before what?”

“Nothing” He shrugged, “Let’s just get back to work”

My fists clenched harder, I can feel the blood. I always let  it pass when Mike is hiding something from me, but not this time, not when I knew it has something to do with Zayn.“Michael tell me, now” I hissed. When I’m mad or full, I always use his full name and he gets the message right away.

He sighs, taking a deep breath before blurting”--He finds you” I raised an eyebrow. “Men were looking for you last night, I thin they made sure not to stumble to you. There looking for you, but I don’t think they wanted to meet you either. They were asking for information” He sighs

I’m was frozen in place, not sure what to do.

Who could it be? Zayn? I’m not sure. They had concerts here a few times already without me stumbling with any of the boys, what makes this different? Why now? After all this