Micheal kept his problems to himself! "I had some but he won't shut up still.  Micheal I need you."Micheal almost growled to himself.  There were so many things he wanted to yell at Jeremy in that moment."This is your fault Jeremy, you're the one who wanted to be fucking cool!" He thought angrily.  "Why don't you just go to Christine, she's the reason you took that pill in the first place! I've always been here for you, but you're never here for me!""What?"Fuck.Micheal had said all of that aloud.  He could almost hear the tears in Jeremy's voice when he spoke next."I didn't know you felt like that... I should just-""Jeremy wait!" But before he could say anything else he heard the phone hang up.

Thanks for all the comments and kudos guys! Hope you don't hate me after this chapter oops


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Jeremy dropped his phone next to him where he was sitting curled in on himself as if he was trying to disappear into himself.  “Wow Jer, that went well” he whispered to himself.  It wasn’t his fault the squip was acting up.“Good job Jeremy” it whispered in the back of his mind.  “Even losers like Micheal hate you.  If you just listened to me…”  He rolled over and shoved his head into a pillow which did nothing to drown it out.  The squip just kept going.  It chattered incessantly, trying to tell him what to do and bemoaning the fact that he had so little to work with when it came to his host.“You truly are hopeless Jeremy.” It said lazily, almost as if he were checking his nails while he spoke.  “I don’t know how you could ever think Christine would want to go out with you.”“Maybe I don’t want Christine!” He shouted aloud through tears.  He could feel his heart rate increasing as he panicked.  He didn’t really want to date Christine anymore after she politely turned him down after the squip incident.  But she still represented so much, everything he wanted to be, everything he needed to change.  “If this won’t shut you up” he mumbled gripping the empty Mountain Dew Red bottle tightly. He was so tired from crying and trying to withstand everything in his head.  “Maybe this will” He sat up and reached under his bed where he kept his secret trick.  After a minute he felt the cool glass in his fingers and lifted the bottle up.  A full bottle of vodka.  Jeremy always hated the feeling of being drunk but it was better than this.  Anything was better than this.  He uncapped the large bottle and took a long swig.  It burned like fire going down his throat but within minutes he could feel it curbing the sharp edges of self hatred in his mind.  After about ten minutes the squip was gone and after about forty so was the alcohol.  “Maybe now I can sleep.” he slurred to himself falling back into his curled up ball position.

--------------

Jeremy woke up to light hitting him directly in the eyes triggering a headache that would probably last all day.  He flipped over and checked his phone expecting at least a text from Micheal.  There was nothing.  No texts, no calls, nothing."That asshole" Jeremy muttered "He should be the one apologizing to me, not the other way around." Still bitter over the night before Jeremy got up and went to brush his teeth and clean himself off.  After a quick shower and changing his clothes Jeremy crawled back into bed.  He was still tired and pretty drunk so he had decided to just skip school.  It's not like his dad would care and it was pretty normal for a senior to skip as well.  Micheal would probably text him after school and apologize and everything would go back to normal.  Boy was he wrong.

---------

Jeremy woke up later that day after the school day had ended.  He saw he had a bunch of notifications and panicked.  Besides the millions of attempted phone calls there were a couple texts.

Christine: Jeremy have you seen Micheal today?

Well maybe Micheal was skipping too.

Then he saw a text that made Jeremy's heart drop.  It was from one of Micheal's moms. 

Tula Mell: Micheal's in the hospital 

Jeremy's heart literally dropped.  How could this happen? What was going on?

 

Tula Mell: Please call us when you canTula Mell: We think you're the only person that could tell us what's going on

His hands shook as he pressed the call button.

"Mrs. Mell?""Jeremy thank god" she picked up and Jeremy could hear Micheal's other mom sigh in relief in the background."What happened to Micheal? Why's he in the hospital?"There was silence for what felt like the longest 7 seconds of Jeremy's life."Micheal- Micheal tried to kill himself last night"

Thanks for reading and like I live off comments and kudos so maybe leave