Dean’s turn to blink at his own words. Cas was just looking curiously at him. "I mean…" he coughed self-consciously and glanced to the side. "I suppose you could and all but you can’t—I mean shouldn’t!" he sighed and forced himself to look Cas in the eyes. "What I’m trying to fucking say is that even if you work things out with him I don’t want you to get back together with him."

Cas tilted his head to the side. "Might want to elaborate that a little, Dean." Well fuck, Cas was clearly playing with him, Dean could see from the cheeky glint in the other boy’s eyes. And Dean loved it.

"Can we just forget the last ten minutes? I mean, not the conversations, those stay, but can we forget my embarrassing behavior and start over?"

"I don’t know." Cas said teasingly. "I might want to relive it when I jack off later."

Dean’s breath stuttered on an exhale. "Okay." He squeaked. "Well, apart from that…" he had to clear his throat before continuing. "Would you like to try and date me?"

Cas smiled his dazzling smile. Dean was glad he was already sitting down or his knees would have buckled.

"I would."

"Don’t be so hasty in your decision." Dean warned but shit, his chest felt ten times tighter with how elated he felt. "I eat a lot and have no table manners. And I swear all the fucking time. I have no money and I tend to put my foot in my mouth."

Cas put his hands around Dean’s neck and leaned down to kiss his lips chastely. "I think I can live with that. Also, I have a few suggestions of what you could put in that mouth of yours instead."

"Holy…"

The next kiss was much deeper, Dean’s hand tangled in Cas’ hair and Cas cradling Dean’s face in his. It somehow didn’t feel odd knowing he was kissing a guy, maybe it was because he had come to know Cas as a girl or maybe it was because Dean was so wrapped up in Cas in general that he didn’t care. He couldn’t say and he didn’t fucking care, not with how good it felt to have Cas writhing in his lap.

"We should get to class." Cas mumbled after what felt like an eternity of bliss.

"We should." Dean mumbled and shivered at the sound Cas let out when he pulled on the boy’s hair.

"I need to tell the girls about this."

Dean cringed a little. "Not all of it, please."

Cas laughed and sat back a little. The come had dried in Dean’s underwear now and it was immensely uncomfortable but as long as it wasn’t visible he thought he could live with it.

"Maybe not, no." Cas conceded with a grin. "But about the part where you’d wanna date me even though I’m like this."

Dean frowned. "Don’t say it like that, there’s nothing wrong with you." He grinned suddenly and rubbed circles on Cas’ hips with his thumbs. "Still the prettiest girl in school. Prettiest boy too."

Cas laughed again, an elated sound that made Dean’s heart swell. "You know; the girls were really sure you’d be okay with this even though you were tricked. At least that you wouldn’t be angry."

"And you weren’t?"

Cas looked down and shrugged a little. "I hoped but since I’m a little more emotionally invested than them I guess it was easier for me to imagine the worst."

Dean got that and he wanted to say something comforting. But the truth was that he got stuck on more emotionally invested and couldn’t help his own feelings fluttering about like stupid butterflies or something.

The actual truth was that he wasn’t certain about having sex with a guy and maybe dating someone like Cas would be difficult, Dean couldn’t tell. All he did know was how right it felt kissing Cas and how much he wanted more. More time with the guy, more sex. Just more.

"We’re gonna make this work, baby." He murmured intimately and Cas smiled coyly, making Dean’s heart swell again. God, he loved that feeling.





Porny porness (those aren’t words! Lol)

Okay, so to those of you who were hoping for extended plot I say sorry. On the other hand, if you wanted smutty porn I say you’re welcome :D


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            






Dean and Cas had been going out for about a week now and Dean was slowly going insane with want. Fuck, Cas might be a man but he was still as beautiful and now Dean got to touch him. Fucking heaven right there.

They had only managed a few sneaked moments together but Dean