Yuu couldn't remember the last time he's spent texting someone until 4am, laughing the entire time. The only other person who made him feel so comfortable and tingly and happy and wanted was Mikaela. Yuu sighed, pocketing his phone as he stood from the table. “I'm gonna go to the roof. See you guys” the others at the table nodded in affirmation, Shinoa shooting a snarky “What are you going there for, cherry boy? Finally getting some action?” before he turned and left. He suddenly wasn't in the mood to talk, ignoring his phone vibrations. Mika had been too busy to talk to him lately with exams and some new hobby he'd found. Of course he tried to text Yuu every chance he got but Yuu had been upset at the distance and refused to text him back except for the occasional acknowledgment. He knew he was hurting Mika's feelings but he didn't want to drag him down anymore. Mika was a genius; Yuu was a delinquent. Yuu needed to give him some space so the guy could study and do well instead of having to deal with Yuu's antics all the time. Mika would try to make up some excuse to hang out with him, saying that Yuu wasn't being a bother, but when exam season had first come around and Yuu had let Mika persuade him to sleep over he remember waking up at 3am and seeing Mika at his desk, making up for the study time he had lost earlier playing games with Yuu. Yuu had never felt so bad before in his entire life, not even when he had flooded Guren's kitchen (he didn't regret that, honestly, not one bit; stupid Guren deserved it).

	Yuu almost turned around and bolted as soon as he opened the door to the roof – there, leaning against the railing, was the source of his troubles: Mika. He slowly shut the door, trying to be as quiet as possible, struggling to ignore how the sunlight catches on Mika's eyelashes as he's reading and makes his hair practically glow. Yuu regretted getting distracted as the door creaked loudly, alerting the other who looked up towards the sound. His focused expression morphed much too quickly into one of pure joy, eyes glimmering as he cried out “Yuu-chan! There you are!” Yuu couldn't find it in himself to run away so instead he slowly dragged himself over to where Mika sat, sitting next to him hesitantly, trying not to knock any books or scatter any papers. “Woah!” Yuu yelled out as Mika's head was thrown into his lap, eyes smiling as the latter looked up at him. “What's wrong, Yuu-chan? We always used to sit like this when we were kids.” Mika said, his tone teasing. “Yeah, but...” Yuu trailed off, averting his eyes. Stupid Mika, he was supposed to be avoiding him now! Just study and do well and then we can be all touchy feely after your exams! “Yuu-chan, are you thinking too hard? Your face is all scrunched up.” Yuu glared down at the person in his lap, biting out a “Shut up, Mika.” before leaning back against the railing, relaxing a bit. 

	Mika sighed, closing his eyes, book laying on his chest. “I've missed you, Yuu-chan. Why haven't you been returning my texts?” Mika asked, his smile dropping off slightly at the end of his sentence. “It's... I just...” Yuu didn't know what to say. If he told Mika the truth, that he was being considerate, Mika would tell him it wasn't like him and to knock it off. Or something annoying. Whatever it was, it wouldn't help Mika in the long run, and everyone knew that Yuu wasn't going to study so having him bother Mika while he tried to would only hurt the other in the long run. “I've been so lonely I've had to find a new friend to talk to.” Mika said nonchalantly, letting his head fall against Yuu's thighs. “H-huh?” Yuu spluttered in surprise, earning a small chuckle from Mika. “I thought you were studying, stupid! I was avoiding you so you could study, not snuggle up to someone else!” Yuu huffed, immediately regretting his words when Mika opened an eye. “I never asked you to do that, Yuu. Being without you makes it harder for me to study since I'm so busy worrying about what you've gotten yourself into.” Mika smiled at Yuu crossed his arms. “I'm not some little kid, Mika. I can take care of myself.” he announced proudly. Mika clicked his tongue, closing his eyes again. “Sure, Yuu. Whatever you say.” Yuu decided to ignore him this time, looking out at the sky instead. “You're still my favorite, Yuu-chan. No one could ever replace you. So