a bit too close for comfort. He grinned and continued to sing.

"You got the boooooyyys wrapped around your finger" there even was a fitting hand motion for this part. It looked like this thing some women do where they chew gum and the wrap it around their finger. Then Lucifer slipped his hand underneath his shirt and moved his hand so it looked like his beating heart, similar to a cartoon character in love.

"Such sweeeet heart breaker. If you're the game" the pale fingers hovered above Sam's skin in a gentle caress, when the devil leaned in an whispered "I wanna be your player".

 

The hunter could not suppress the shudder that went through him, which in turn made Lucifer laugh. Did he have to sing right fucking now? Why could he not be left alone for five minutes? It was somewhere between nerve wrecking and infuriating but at least Sam managed to switch on the damn coffee machine. He continued to ignore Lucifer and acted as if he was invisible.

Not that that seemed to stop the other man.

 


"Oooh, you can do whatever you want



It's alright with meee"


 

Sam rolled his eyes at him and disappeared out the back door to get the mail. It did not happen often that Bobby got mail, except the usual bills and of course various newspapers from all over the country. Lucifer did not leave him alone and waited in the kitchen. Instead he walked backwards before him so that he was facing Sam and happily sang along to his air guitar.

 


"Why don't you break my heeeaaart



Make it hurt so baaad



Come on give it your best



Nothing less, I insist,



I want it just like thaaat"


 

What on earth was he singing? It truly was annoying Sam by now but no way would he admit that. That's what Lucifer wanted. Taking the newspapers and getting back inside was not that easy since Lucifer, still playing air guitar and humming and singing that song of his, was dancing around Sam in circles. Multiple times, you got dizzy just looking at him.

 


"Why don't you break my heeeaaart



Sounds good to meee



Do it over again, again, again


You're just what I need" they managed to arrive at the kitchen and Lucifer was sporting a dirty grin now, with every again he rolled his hips in a very obvious motion.

 

Sam simply walked past him to try and hide the fact that his ears where turning red. The melody was hummed in his ear and now Sam knew where Gabriel had gotten his annoying behavior from. It was his big brother Lucifer.

He felt cool breath against his neck.

 

"Why don't you break my heart?" the devil actually sounded a bit disappointed "Yeah... break it."

Turning around Sam threw a very evil glance towards Lucifer, but Lucifer replied with that disconcerting dirty grin.

 


"Stare dooown, intimidate me. 
Oh baby pleeeaaase, you'll never break me" Seriously?! Lucifer spread his arms out to his side in a 'show-me-what-you-got' pose. The pale lips parted in and arrogant grin and continued to sing.



"Bring it ooon, cause I can take it



You're so cool, the way you play it



Oooh, you can do whatever you like



It's alright with meee" suddenly, very suddenly in fact, Lucifer jumped on the kitchen table with less effort than it should've taken him. The song was not bad, Sam had so admit that... in the privacy of his own head at least. However he still wanted to step on his own feet when he caught himself moving slightly with the music.


 

With an, admittedly, very impressive salto Lucifer jumped off the table again and for a little pyrotechniqual effect set the curtains on fire. The devil danced very rhythmical into the living room and continues to sing almost ecstatically. He obviously was having very much fun. On his knees he slid across the floor just stopping in front of Bobby's desk and shredded on his air guitar.

 


"Why don't you break my heeeaaart



Make it hurt so baaad



Come on and give it your best



Nothing less, I insist,



I want it just like thaaat"


 

Even under torture Sam would never admit it but Lucifer had and amazing singing voice. Damn him! Satan was a good singer and musician if the way he played his air instruments was anything to go by... where was this poor world heading!?

Not a single note was out of tune, not a single time did he get the tact or rhythm wrong. Almost impressive.

 

With a little jump Lucifer was on his feet again walking towards Sam. On instinct Sam moved backwards until his back hit the wall. Lucifer's hands caged him in as he leaned against the wall propped up on his arms besides Sam's head.


"Why don't you break my heeeaaart



Sounds good to meee"


Lucifer's body moved with the music in his head and again he thrusted and grinded his hips in a very obscene fashion.


"Do it over again, again, again



You're just what I