then the demons head would have burnt holes in it.

"Oh come on Cassy. I can promise you that I can be as good as Deanie. Probably better, I mean how good can he be? He's not a god." The demon grinded his hips against Cas's, rock hard, "You wanna find out Cassy? Promise I won't tell hubby. Just between us five."

Cas struggled, "Fuck... Off...

The demon laughed, "Oh Cassy, Cassy, Cassy. It's not fuck off its fuck you and that's certainly what we are going to do." The demon grinded against Cas's crotch who cursed his body when it started to respond, "Seems like little Castiel wants to play," the demon grabbed Cas's crotch, rubbing it, making it grow harder, "Lets play."

~SPN SPN SPN~

Dean bounced Zeppelin in his arms, walking around the bunker, phone to ear. Dean sighed when there was no answer, again, this one just went straight to voicemail.

Zeppelin made a noise and Dean looked down at her, her beautiful eyes shining up at him, "You miss papa too? He'll be home soon."

Dean was about 70% sure that Cas is fine and would be home soon.

~SPN SPN SPN~

The demon slammed his lips against Cas's and threw him to the ground.

Cas didn't have time to fight back because two guys held him in place, face up, on the ground soon after he hit the ground.

Cas glared up at the demon that stood above him, the other one he had bought along was working on getting his belt and pants undone.

"We're going to make this quick, don't want the big bad Dean Winchester to come looking for his missing partner. This would be the first place he'd check right? Since you would be leaving work."

The demon Knelt down and undid his pants, pulling his cock out. Cas's pants were yanked down and the demon edged closer. Cas started struggling more, finally realizing that this was happening.

The demon caught Cas's jaw, "Sh. It's okay. I know you can take it baby. I have a feeling Deans been rough like this, so you can take it."

Cas struggled, "P-Please... Don't..."

The demon positioned himself at Cas's hole, nudging, "Please! I'm not prepped! Don't." Cas fought tooth and nail to try to get away but he wasn't a match to demons. Not without his grace.

The demon pushed in and Cas screamed. Dean had been rough sometimes but the one thing he always made sure was that Cas was prepped for him. The demon was going in dry and it hurt. A lot.

The more the demon pushed in the louder Cas screamed.

Cas was crying, praying it to be over soon.


'I'm sorry Dean. I'm so sorry.'


~SPN SPN SPN~

Dean was bouncing Zepp in his lap, sitting on the couch. He was trying not to worry so much for Cas. He was sure he was fine.

Dean looked immediately to the door when it opened, standing up, setting Zeppelin on the couch.

Cas stumbled in, looking beat up, "Cas!"

Dean ran up the stairs to the door, grabbing hold of Cas's face, "Baby. Baby? What happened?"

Dean tried to help Cas move down the stairs but Cas cried out with every step. Dean eventually picked him up and laid him out on a recliner, Zepp was on the couch.

Deans hands pulled away and they were stained with blood, he stared at the horrified for a second before question Cas.

"What happened? Where are you bleeding? Why aren't you healing?"

Cas stared up at Dean, "Zepp..."

Dean glanced back at their daughter then back to Cas, "She's fine. I'll call Sam down to get her. I'm going to fix you up and you're going to tell me who the fuck did this. SAM!"

Footsteps could be heard running, "What! What?" Sam looked at the two of them then to Zepp, "What the hell?"

Dean waved him off, "Watch Zepp. I need to fix up Cas."

Sam nodded and picked up Zeppelin who gurgled at her uncle. Sam stared at Cas for a second, looking like he wanted to help. Dean pointed toward the halls, "Go. I can fix him up."

Sam left and Dean rounded on Cas, "Strip." Dean went to go get a first aid kit.

Cas sat up straighter in the chair and put his ruined clothes under his ass, he could still feel leakage.

Dean came back and knelt in front of Cas, "Where are you hurt worse?"

Cas looked hesitant and chewed his lip, Dean took his hand, "Please baby I need to make sure it gets patched up before it gets worse."

Cas