...Please," he said tears forming again. He brushed her light brown hair aside revealing the odd way her neck was bent. She noticed and slowly raised a hand to hold his cheek.

"Eren..." she slowly said. "I...don't...have...a lot...of...time..." she spoke slowly as to not injure herself any further. 

"Petra!" he yelled as she saw her close her eyes before opening them with tears running down.

"Please...Auruo..." she spoke her hand falling from his cheek. He grabbed her hand and held it against his cheek again.

"I'll find him! I promise! Just don't go!" he pleaded as she closed her eyes.

"Can't..." she quietly said. "You...were an...amaze...ing...bro...r...n't...et...I...ou..." her words died down as her breathing stopped. He cried and held her body against his.

"No, please! I can't lose you too! Petra! Stay! Petra!" he cried out. But they fell to deaf ears. "Please, I haven't told you what I really wanted to!" He yelled. He wanted to tell her, she had the most beautiful eyes. They made everyone smile when she was happy and have people comfort her when she was sad. They made everyone miss her when she wasn't there. He wanted to say her eyes were just like the sun; Just like his mother.

But it was too late.

 

He found Auruo a few streets down when he left Petra.

His eyes were still intact, just like the rest of his family, but he assumed because he was in the city where the men were killing everyone, he had to face the same fate. It was then he noticed the silver ring around Auruo's finger.

They were engaged. But because of him- he must've led those men here- they wouldn't be able to have a wedding. Nor kids. They couldn't have a family together with the five cats Petra said she wanted.

It was all because of him. It was his fault.

 

When he walked into the neighboring city, a few days away by foot, he ignored everyone. He went to the nearest motel and ignoring the looks everyone gave him he booked a room for a day. He grabbed the key and walked into the temporary room. He fell on the bed exhausted and fell asleep. He had a nightmare of the man who killed his mother.

When he woke, he only remembered the intense look of blue eyes.

He decided then, he hated blue eyes. As well as his eyes. Golden eyes that brought death around him.

 

He didn't do anything as the men taunted him and punched him in the alley, darkened from the view of the people passing by. The men didn't seem to like that.

"Acting all tough are you?" the one with a scar across his eye said. The other two laughed. He didn't.

"No." he said.

"Finally talking?" the man with blonde hair asked. He stared at him as a car's headlights managed to hit his eyes, illuminating the golden color they had. They all didn't seem like the type to kill for his eye color but the shortest one of them all seemed to know what they meant.

"Hey," he said catching the attention of the other two men. "He has that gold eye."

"What are you talking about, dumbass?" the one with a scar asked. He looked at their conversation as the shorter explained how gold eyes were worth a lot of money. He watched as they smiled and looked back at them.

"Guess this is our lucky day." the blonde said. They all walked to him and the one with a scar held him in a choking hold.

"We're going to get rich!" they said. Although his breath was cut off, he didn't panic. He welcomed death with an embrace believing he deserved this for the deaths he brought.

"I'm sorry..." he whispered out of breath. He wasn't sure if he was apologizing to his mother, to Petra, to Auruo. All he knew was he was sorry for having them killed. He was sorry for not crying for his father, his adoptive parents. He was sorry for being born. He almost blacked out and before he did he was let go. His body automatically forced him to breath in gulps of air and cough.

He heard the men grunt and looked up through blurry eyes. He managed to see a figure swiftly move and beat up the three men. They laid down on the floor, unconscious, then the figure turned to him. They bent down and his vision cleared up to see them with no problem.

It was a girl he noticed. She had black hair that framed her face, dark brown eyes, a sharp nose, and pink full lips. She stood up and held out her hand. He