Kei-chan, ruuude!”

 “And please stop that ‘–chan’, Oikawa-san” he added a bit annoyed. 

“How often do I have to tell you to just call me ‘Tooru’, Kei-chan!” he replied, almost sulking, crossing his arms before his chest, just like a little kid. 

“Maybe as long until you eventually drop the ‘–chan’, Oikawa-san”, Kenma replied dryly, trying to mask his amusement.

“Ken-chan, ruuude!“ Tooru whined, clinging to a chuckling Koushi now, who patted his back lightly. 

“But they do have a point, Tooru.”

“But I say that to everyone I know!” 

“I know, but you also know that Kenma and Keiji don’t like that, so at least try to remember that, ok?” Koushi successfully avoided the (fake) tears that had started to form at the corners of Tooru’s eyes.

“If they call me by my name I would be willing to consider that~” he answered, a bit less pouty. Sighing Koushi glanced to the freshmen who only gave him a small shrug with their shoulders. Signalizing Asahi, who had just finished the last order for now, to make Tooru’s drink, so he could drink it and cheer up on his way to university, he walked to the display. Wrapping up some milk bread (Tooru’s favorite) a blueberry muffin (Keiji’s favorite) and an apple pie inspired one (Kenma’s favorite) and handing them to the boys, alongside the now ready latte Asahi had just handed him, he adds:

“Now, get along, will you, it’s time you get going. Take these as a compensation for coping and enjoy them as a snack when you have some time later on.” Kenma’s eyes began to sparkle and Tooru began to hum again, Keiji just muttering a “thank you”.

“For later, you heard me, Kenma?” Koushi stressed, receiving an absentminded nod from said boy. “And Tooru, don’t try to be funny and do something unnecessary! We both know how that will end”, he reminded, only to get another pout from his friend.

“Why, thank you, but I don’t recall ever having said or done something unnecessary!” Oikawa shot back, taking a sip of his cavities-to-go, which resulted in him smiling again. 

“Well if you say so, Tooru” Koushi mocked him mildly, but Tooru ignored it this time, humming contently.

“Ken-chan, Kei-chan, let’s get going~ I’m going to be the best guide you have ever had! This is going to be really fun~” he chirped, urging Kenma to scrunch his nose and Keiji to massage his temples, letting out a deep sigh. “Will he ever learn” they simultaneously muttered under their breath as they followed Tooru, who almost danced out of the shop, after briefly saying ‘good bye’ to their brother.

“Have fun!” said brother wished, putting on his apron from behind the counter and started to work. The daily morning rush hour was about to begin.

Caution! Possible OoC-ness!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

In all modesty, the rather short walk was a hassle. With every step they got closer to Karasuno University Oikawa’s fan girls increased, leaving Keiji, but especially Kenma, with a bad feeling. While Keiji didn’t really have a problem with people, except of finding them annoying at some times, his twin did. He was shifting uncomfortably, almost mechanically reaching into his pocket to hold onto his PSP, like expecting from it to ease his upcoming anxiety that came with unfamiliar people getting too close into his space. Trying to ignore Tooru and his rant about how many cool things, and mostly people, Karasuno had to offer, Keiji grabbed onto the hem of Kenma’s hoody to provide him of running into an obstacle.

“Oh my... what did Koushi-niisan think, leaving us with Oikawa…? Everyone new how this was going to end…”Keiji grumbled, almost at his limit of bearing with that annoyance. Kenma scrunched his nose, muttering

“It really was obvious…want to ditch him?”

They already reached the main gate anyway. Making sure Tooru didn’t keep attention to their whisper they tried to sneak away when Tooru kept, again, still, to please some of the girls fawning over him. But they already were surrounded.

“Oikawa-senpai! Your last volleyball match was incredible!” “Oikawa-senpai, would you mind accepting these cookies? I stayed up late yesterday to make them especially for you!” “Oikawa-senpai, please, would you take a picture with us?”

And before Keiji could snap, a miracle happened. Out of nowhere, so it seemed, a volleyball hit right the back of Oikawa’s head, and with Tooru’s shriek it went dead silence. “Finally…” The twins breathed out heavily.

“Oi, Trashkawa, stop blocking the way!