He knew they wouldn’t need his opinion anyway. Lance was more interested in taking everything in.

 

The Y’os were incredibly diverse; no two were truly alike. Each one had a different pattern of feathers, colors, and skin tone. The clothes were similar however so it was impossible to tell male from female. Lance remembered from high school biology that female birds were often darker in color to better blend in and males were flashy and extravagant to attract mates but he couldn't be sure if the same logic applied to the Y’os.

 

He was pulled out of his thoughts when Zriath started to explain how they had greeted them so fast. Lance couldn’t help but tense when the scanners were mentioned, his thoughts immediately going to their last mission. Letting his gaze drift to Keith for a second, Lance bit back a grimace and pulled his attention back to the Y’os. He was really going to have to talk to Coran and Pidge about their scanners; once he could actually talk to Pidge again. For now, he needed to focus on this mission and this planet and keep an eye on his family.

 

The walk to the Y’os village was blissfully uneventful but Lance had been on edge. The fact that their scanners hadn’t picked up the Y’os left him with a sick nagging feeling that he couldn’t shake. What else had they missed? A couple of the Y’os must have noticed because they would drift over to talk to him. That made it a little easier; he just reached into himself and found that smile that disarmed everyone. It worked for the most part but he only half paid attention to the conversation around him. His focus was split between his surroundings and Keith. The red paladin had only just gotten out of a healing pod. Lance had no idea how he was doing, though he seemed to be alright.

 

Thankfully, it didn’t take all that long to reach the village and it was a surprising relief when the Y’os escorting them dispersed. Shaking himself, the blue paladin looked around and tried to take everything in. The village was already in full swing of celebrating; They must have been expecting Voltron to agree to the alliance. There were tables of food everywhere, music was playing, and most of the Y’os were dancing; Lance wish he felt the urge to join. He’d always loved to dance but right now he wanted to be anywhere else but here; he wasn’t sure why. The amount of activity and people around him was suddenly overwhelming. Instinct had him looking for the others but they had been swept up by various groups of Y’os and Lance had lost sight of them. His fingers brushed something hard against his thigh and he jolted; his hand had been resting on his bayard. Clenching his fists, he took a deep breath and forced himself to let it out slowly. They weren’t in any danger in here. It was alright if he couldn’t see everyone.

 

A flash of red had him looking up and across the village to spot Keith. He looked like he was actively looking for someone. Lance watched him pass group after group; He obviously couldn't find who he was looking for. It occurred to Lance that there was a good chance Keith was looking for him. He was probably the only one Keith hadn't talked to since he’d gotten out of the pod. Lance wasn’t ready to face him, especially not here when he already felt so twitchy and on edge. Slowly backing up into the tree line, he waited a breath to see if anyone had noticed, before turning and wandering deeper in, away from the party and away from Keith.

 

He wasn’t sure how long or how far he’d walked before coming to stop on top of a little hill that dropped sharply into a valley. The forest dropped as well, following the slope of the land, which made this a clear spot to see the stars. No matter how much time he spent in space, he never got tired of stargazing. It was one of the best parts about going planet side: getting to see how different the stars looked from planet to planet.

 

Lance was just staring up at the sky when a rustling above him made him jump. “Who’s there?!” He demanded, turning to try and find the source of the noise. His hand flew to his bayard but he felt a surge of panic that made him hesitate.

 


Could be a one of the others. Or a Y’os. You wouldn’t want to accidentally shoot one of our new allies, would you?


 

Before he could tell Hunk to shut up he caught sight of a Y’os emerging on the lowest branch of the tree next to him and let himself relax. “You scared the crap out of me.” He accused lightly, forcing a rueful smile.

 

The Y’os just chuckled. “My apologies. I thought since you’d wandered out to my lookout post I could at least keep you company. Unless you