Colt from his pocket and aimed it at the djinn. "I think you should let her go or it might get ugly."



"So that's the legendary Colt... You think your finger on a trigger is faster than my hand? And how confident are you of your aim?"



"I think I'm very fast and deadly accurate. I suggest you drop her and run."



"I suggest you take your own advice about running." At least ten other djinn appeared, surrounding the hunters. Dean faltered and let his hand fall to his side. The djinn grinned. "Nice negotiating with you." 



Delilah, who had been fighting unconsciousness, went limp as he dragged her into the darkness.



----------------



Delilah woke up with a jolt and she saw the brothers staring at her. Adam glared at her and rolled his eyes as he leaned against the doorway.



"Well that makes a bit more sense... Of course this is just a sick acid dream... I never left." Delilah whispered to herself as she stood up.



"Babe, what did you remember this time?" Sam watched her in concern.



Delilah ignored him and turned to Dean. "How did you get out of the djinn dream?"



"Liles, I'm telling you nothing happened on that damn hunt."



"Just answer my question or I'll go find the book myself."



"Lilah."



"Dean."



"I went to the spot it took me and killed the version of myself that was being drained."



"Okay then, let's go." Delilah jumped to her feet and made her way to the door, but Dean stepped in her path.



“Not happening, Blondie.”



“Dean, I have to go back to reality.”



“I’m not gonna let you kill yourself. Besides, that was ten years ago and over a day’s drive away. You’re not going.”



“If you’re not going to help me, then I’ll go by myself.”



“Yeah, except you have to go through me and Sam.”



“I’m a Nephilim. You can’t stop me.”



Dean sighed and turned to the defiant blonde with a pleading look. “Please, don’t go, Lilah. You have a family that needs you.”



“You’re not real. They’re not real. Hell, I’m not even sure I’m real. I’m going.”



She brushed past Dean and moved to the door. Sam rushed after her and grabbed her by her shoulders before turning her to face him.



“Baby, you can’t do this to me, to the kids.” He looked like he was going to sob and Delilah averted her eyes.



“Yes, I can. I can’t let myself turn into djinn food. No matter how much I’d like this to be my life.” She jerked away from him and swung open the front door of the house.



She was greeted by none other than Gabriel. “Nice job figuring this out, cinnamon roll, but, as much as it pains me to say it, Dean’s right. You can’t escape your perfect life with killing yourself. Too much time has passed.”



“This is my perfect life? Why would I want Sansa dead? Why are you here?” She looked around her and saw Sam and the house had disappeared, replaced by white on al sides. “What the hell just happened?”



“Whoa, whoa, whoa. One question at a time, darling. A djinn poisons you by making you hallucinate your ideal life while it feeds on you.  Sansa’s death means Lucifer stays locked up for the time being, and deep deep down you have to think she’s a burden. I mean you’re the one who said you gave up everything for her. I forget…what were the other questions? You just kept yammering and I tuned out.”



“I don’t think Sansa’s a burden. The only burden I have is this stupid prophesy.” She growled at the archangel. He shrugged and she rolled her eyes. “Why are you here? Where did my ‘perfect life’ go?”



“Well, I poofed away old Sammy and the kids because you already figured out it was a sham, you smart cookie, and we needed some alone time to talk. As for me, I’m your conscience.”



She laughed. “How are you my Jiminy Cricket? You’re the least moral person I know.”



“If that’s what you wanna call it, Pinocchio.  My morality doesn’t matter.  You’ve just always seen me as a guide.  I’m here to help you make a choice, it doesn’t matter if it’s right or wrong.”



“Care to elaborate on that?”



“Stay with Sammy and the tykes, or go back to reality and kill Sansa.”



“Talk about a rock and a hard place… What makes you think I’m going to kill Sansa when I go back?”



His eyes softened. “