never is, and he never will be, despite the many times she has begged the powers that be to bring him back.  They owe me something, she thinks.  Dammit.  They owe me this.

Even as Angelus, she still wants to protect him, to pull her punches.  She can't, because he doesn't, but she has protected him by not killing him ... so far.  Damn Jenny for working late.  Didn't she know that in this town, you went home at sunset and you put up your crosses?  What could she have been working on that was so damn important?  She shifts her feet and stares at Giles's tortured face.  Probably shouldn't think ill of the dead.  She might come back.

They walk away after the service, her hands at the ready should Giles decide to faint, or go dig up the grave in grief or something.  But he does not flinch, and when she offers to go home with him and clean up the roses and the wine, he declines.  He gives her a look that sees deep, but not deep enough, and he gets in his car and he drives off, leaving her to pace the blocks home.  And of course her shadow tears away from her and coalesces into a black duster jacket and the face of Angelus riding above it, a face paler than the marble gravestone and just as cold.

He stands in the deep doorway of a crypt, one hand laconically holding a just-picked rose, the other shoved deep into the pocket of his leather pants.  She can see the outline of his knuckles pressed in smooth black.  She both loves and hates noticing those details.  He smiles sideways at her, like a boy wanting praise, and she slips off sideways to stand in front of him, lined in daylight, a safe distance from his reaching arms.

"Here.  'S for you," he says, and lobs the rose at her feet.  She does not pick it up.  It is, of course, a rose like the one that was tacked on Giles's door.  At her refusal, his smile grows into a smirk.

"Passion's so interesting, isn't it?" he asks.   "Can turn a poor man rich, a rich man poor, all that crap.  Grief, it comes out of passion.  So does lust.  Everything that makes you human, it comes out of passion."

She feels the black wind whirl up again.  Had this ever been Angel, this prating fool?  She crosses her arms.  "You write that down for your debate club speech next week?  'Why killing innocent women is good for society'?  Don't forget you're an Irish farmboy -- why bother talking like a philosopher?"

This time he throws back his head and howls, the long line of his throat jigging with laughter.  "Pretty speeches don't make philosophy, Buffy.  Just like pretty sketches don't make art."

"And pretty caresses don't make love."  That came out of the black wind somewhere -- she hadn't meant to say it.  But it was true.

He looks down at her again, teeth flashing in the crypt's dim light.  "Buffy, nothing I ever do is pretty.  He might have done pretty things, but I don't do pretty.  And guess what?  The Calendar bitch was as innocent as I am.  She deserved to die and ooh!  It was so much fun!"  He mock-shudders, wickedly splaying out his hand as if to reach for her neck.  Let him try, she finds herself thinking.  Just let him try.

She wants him to show that he'd burn for her, the same as she does daily for him.  "And I'm supposed to fall on my knees to a killer, is that it?  Why else were you playing fetch-and-carry-boy with my mother?"

"You knew I was a killer when I was him, Buffy.  I've been killing for nigh on three hundred years.  It was good enough for you then.  Wasn't it."

Oh, how she wants to deny it, but she can't, even now, she can't deny what she'd felt when she had him underneath her, all his power leashed at her command.  The quick taunt of his teeth across her skin.  All his power leashed.  And now.

 

"I see that it was.  Are you gonna go run tell Willow all about it at your next sleepover?  'Hey Willow, you'll never guess, I'm jonesing for Angelus, that psycho vampire with a case of ego. ' Slayer likes it dirty.  Slayer likes it ground fine."

"Dammit."  She meant to catch him with words, but he's had more experience, and she feels like slamming him up against the wall of the crypt and teaching him who is who.  She clenches her elbows even tighter, willing her legs not to move.  Willing herself not to speak to him, because at the same time