mist. If fae listened closely, then maybe fae could hear Wakatoshi’s breathing again, feel Semi’s agitation, see Goshiki’s hairstyle--

 


“Cursed, that’s what fae is.”


 

In the fog, fae saw what faer life was, once upon a time. Satori sighed, and the fog disappeared. With it, so did faer memories.

 

Tadashi Yamaguchi stood there, waiting, watching, staring at Tendou with worry etched into his eyebrows. His hands twitched and squeezed themselves again and again, and he looked like he was in pain.

 

A few seconds passed, a gust of wind blew the leaves around them back into the trees and Tadashi flickered once, twice, before sighing and becoming opaque again.

 

Satori could tell, had always been able to tell, that some people were less opaque than others; some people so transparent that fae could see right through them; a few so see-through that their voices were whispers, their thoughts an open book. They lurked around faer, clung to faer bones and stayed till they had disappeared completely, or returned to where they were supposed to be.

 

“So, I saw Tsukki last night.” Tadashi spoke from his spot on the bed, still curled up under last night’s blankets, tiny orbs dancing around the room and emanating silvery lights as if to cheer him up. Tendou sat on the edge of Tadashi’s bed, slightly disoriented from the change in location and temperature, watching a world of cloudy stars float in his room in an attempt to cheer Tadashi up. Fae raised an eyebrow, and they stilled and fell to the ground.

 

Even Tadashi’s best instincts had no idea how to care for him. How fitting, Satori thought, for someone who pushed himself to the window and sought rain instead of the sun, cold instead of warmth, and Tsukishima Kei instead of someone more constant, someone who would treasure Tadashi and care for him and-

 

“That’s what Tsukki did though. He cared, he really cared, he bundled me up and-” Satori sighed at Tadashi’s rant, and watched him flicker just for a second. Tadashi’s resolve, Tadashi’s obstinacy, his… loyalty (Satori sighed internally over that pun), tied him to the earth, tied him to his room, kept him grounded but it made him disappear.

 

Sometimes, Satori felt, Tadashi wasn’t all there. When Tsukishima left, he broke Tadashi to pieces, fae remembered, how Tadashi had left stardust in his wake, had burned out of Satori’s view and Satori had sighed because of course this was going to happen. No matter how strong your connection to the world, you were always in danger of vanishing, of being swallowed up.

 


Remember Ushijima, the one who disappeared a few years back? He was friends with the Tendou redhead.


 

“I’m still here, Satori.” The fog returned and in it, Tendou saw Ushijima’s broad expanse of a back that fae had once thought was invincible, impervious, impenetrable, had leaned on when fae had sex with him, had depended on for stability, had expected stability, a life together, ten cats and four cacti, and received shuddering breaths on foggy mornings in return.

 

“Maybe he doesn’t hate me for what I did?” Tadashi’s voice brought faer back to the room.

 

“You didn’t do anything Tadashi.”

“I left him.”

 

“And if he didn’t have a giant cactus wedged in his ass, he would understand that you had extremely good reasons to do it.”

 

“Bu-”

 

“Tadashi, honestly, your darling Tsukki is acting like a giant pissbaby.”

 

“He’s not, Kei isn’t a giant pissbaby geez. He’s just a bit-”

 

“Prickly? Stoic? Too tsuntsun for his own and your good?”

 

“He came back.” Of course he came back, and now darling wonderful Tsukishima Kei would cradle Tadashi’s face and wipe his tears and everything would be jolly good again. They wouldn’t talk about heartbreak and Tadashi’s sadness. Not one mention of his loneliness, or his inability to read any astronomy or look at the stars or watch the Land Before Time or do anything Tsukishima related, which was pretty much everything.

 

“And didn’t contact you. At all. Your phone number is the same, he knows where you live, I know for a fact that he’s in touch with Suga. Diagnosis? Giant pissbaby who doesn’t know how to emotion.” Satori sighed and ran a frustrated hand through faer hair.

 

Tadashi looked close to tears, but he swallowed them up and stared at the ceiling, the stars that him and Tsukishima had stuck when they were young, the watercolour flowers that Tsukishima had raised shakily when he was getting used to being. Everything about Tadashi had been ripped away when it ended.

 

Such was the danger of falling in love with someone you had grown up with. When they left, and they would always leave because the only constant is change and all that horseshit, everything that made you