if it was never meant to be lost' but that was a guideline and though he didn't often abuse it, he did on occasion bend the rules. However he's the one we're missing, so I have no idea."

"Then we'll have to get on that. What's he look like?" Sam finally spoke up, this wasn't really his jurisdiction but he couldn't help but toss ideas in, nothing wrong with that. They hadn't differentiated into who was tackling what problem just yet, so why not?

"I'll have one of the more artistic angels draw you a picture," Camael replied evenly.

Before anyone else could speak up Garth bolted into the room, "Uh, chiefs? Something important you might want to see... knocking at the front door and shit..."

Sam rolled his eyes and was the first one out the door; usually this was his thing if 'chiefs' were called. His heart caught in his chest when he stared at the two waiting beyond it, Anna smiled at him sheepishly and right behind her was a somewhat grinning Lucifer. Sam pushed her around behind him, a protective motion that she wouldn't soon forget, and slammed the devil into a wall. "What the hell are you doing here?" He snapped viciously.

"Interesting choice of words-gck!" Lucifer choked on his tongue when Sam's hand clamped down on his neck.

"You evil son of a bitch, I'll fucking kill you." Sam snarled, not letting up, not questioning the fact that he even could strangle the archangel, he was too angry to really get past it.

"Sam!" Gabriel shouted and pulled his partner off his brother, "Sam cool it!"

"God..." Lucifer gasped as he slumped against the wall, gulping air in to feed his lungs. "God asked me... asked me to help... Holy shit..." he laughed softly through his breathing, slipped to the ground and coughing. "You're stronger than I remember."

"Fuck you." Sam was about to hit him again though Gabriel caught his arm.

"Sam, if Chuck sent him here we need to figure out why, and why Anna's here, okay?" Gabriel didn't let Sam's arm go, knowing the Winchester rage well enough.

Sam growled but lowered his arm, about to turn away before swinging a leg and kicking Lucifer in the stomach, "That's for before." He pulled away from Gabriel and hefted the other archangel back to his feet, "But I'll hear you out."

"Awesome," Lucifer groaned, keeping his smile in place. "You're a real peach."

"Lucifer, he's gonna kill you." Gabriel looked at his with a raised eyebrow, "Don't be stupid."

"I also have this." Lucifer lifted up a piece of paper, "He gave it to me before He left."

Sam snatched it and stepped away, knowing he'd be tempted to hit the archangel again if he stayed close. "It's an address in Brooklyn... Why?"

"You'll find something there, is my guess." Lucifer groaned and straightened up, "So can I come in?"

Sam glared for a moment longer but said nothing else, walking back inside and motioning for Anna and Gabriel to follow. "Sweet." The blonde devil smiled and walked in ahead of Gabriel, just in case the door was closed on him.

"You know I should be hitting you too," Gabriel warned.

"But you haven't yet."

"No... that's because it was my job to protect Sam and I failed, beating you up over my own weakness back then is stupid and I won't do it. But I'll let you know now, Sam's mine and I willfight you if I have to."

"Fair is fair," Lucifer nodded in agreement.

Sam looked at Anna, "Where's Chuck?"

"I don't know, he wouldn't tell me." She shook her head, "I wish I knew, all he said was that he had a project to work on and then he was gone."

Sam put a comforting arm around her shoulders, "It'll be alright, I'm sure he won't be gone long."

"Well if he has a plan he'd better hurry the hell up because this world can't take much more of the fighting." She furrowed her brow in distaste. "It's only been a few months of this crap but still, the death toll is so high on both sides, it's horrendous."

"I know." Sam shook his head as he walked back into the meeting room, letting her and the other two angels follow him in. "So guess who was waiting at the door?" He said with a slight smile.

"Anna!" Dean ran over and gave her a hug, Castiel right behind him.

"Hey guys," She smiled and hugged back, more