"Where's Ronon?"

"Reunion," John answered, heading towards the stairs. "Turns out he knew 'em."

"Knew—what?" Rodney looked at Teyla. "He what?"

"The strangers are Satedan," she explained as they followed John. "Coincidentally, they are also members of Ronon's own team."

Rodney stopped and stared after her, then hurried to catch up. "His team? What do you—we're his team! When's he coming back? He's coming back, isn't he?"

"I am sure he is, Rodney," Teyla answered. "Remember, all his things are here. And his se'hret."

"And us!" Rodney sputtered.

Ahead of them, John waved his hand. "He's coming back, Rodney," he called, and then paused and waited for them to catch up. "After all, we're his team, too," he said, and smiled, but there was something sharp and hard in it. "If he doesn't come back, we'll just have to go and get him."

----

"No, Ronon, come on," Ara laughed, reaching up and grabbing his sleeve. "You can't leave now!"

Ronon grinned and shook his head, but it was a bad idea; the room started spinning and he stumbled and sat down on the edge of the bed. "The sooner I get back, the sooner I can ask them," he said, trying to focus on Ara. "And the sooner you get the supplies you want."

"'You'?" Tyre said. The mattress tilted as he knelt up on the bed behind Ronon and slipped his arms around him. "We. You're one of us, Ronon," he murmured. "Nine years doesn't change that."

Nine years. Ronon leaned back, familiar comfort even after so long, familiar smell, familiar body. "'Course not," he said. "'Course not. I didn't mean—just.... Yeah."

Ara held the bottle up to him from where she lay on the floor, her head in Rakai's lap. He waved it off and Tyre reached for it. "You'll always be ours," she said, and smiled, and Ronon smiled back, and he couldn't tell where the sadness ended and the joy began, only that Tyre and Ara and Rakai, Sheppard, Teyla, McKay, were all of them tangled up in it. Atlantis, Sateda.

Except Sateda didn't exist anymore. They were all that was left, the four of them and a few scattered survivors no one could seem to find.

"Anyway, they'll prob'ly listen better if you're not drunk when you ask 'em," she added, and Ronon laughed.

"Go on," Tyre said, and waved towards the door. "I need to talk to Ronon."

Rakai smirked. "Is that what they call it these days?" he asked, but Ara was already pushing herself to her feet, and he followed, catching her hand in his.

Ronon watched them leave, and then Tyre tightened his arms around him, put gentle teeth on his ear, and Ronon laughed, turning. He pushed Tyre down, the yellow-lit room spinning around them, and Tyre was golden beneath him. Ronon slid his hands up Tyre's arms and circled his wrists, and bent to kiss him.

Tyre met the kiss, then twisted against Ronon's grip and Ronon tightened it, could feel the tendons in Tyre's wrists flexing. Tyre's eyebrows rose. "Are you going to fight me for it?" he asked, and Ronon couldn't tell whether it was tension or anticipation in his voice. "Our oath was broken for us, long ago, when you were made a Runner and we each thought the other was dead."

Ronon's breath caught, a knot jerking tight in his chest. He tipped his forehead to Tyre's. "I should've come back. I should have made sure."

Tyre nudged another kiss to Ronon's mouth. "You were sure," he said. "You got Second Squad to the Gate, and you came back for us. It isn't your fault that it was too late."

Ronon rolled off of him and lay on his back, looking at the stained ceiling. A hairline crack ran through it, and he traced it with his eyes to where it stopped above their heads.

Tyre half sat up, leaning on his elbow. "We're together now. That's what matters."

"I don't know how to be part of the team anymore," Ronon murmured, almost to himself. "You're their leader. I don't fit."

Tyre trailed his finger over Ronon's collarbone, and Ronon's skin shivered where he touched. "You fit," he said. "We're a team, you're one of us. You always will be