he quickly warmed up to that particular Earth invention.

Yuuri paused and glanced around.  “Hey, Murata, where did Conrad go?”

“I think he and José are playing doctor,” Murata said with a suggestive wink.

“What?!”  Yuuri shouted.  “Never mind, I don’t want to know.”

“Don’t shout inside the house, Yuu-chan,”  Miko scolded, pouring sugar into a mixing  bowl.

“Yeah, Shibuya, if you make loud noises the cookies won’t rise,”  Murata said, grinning from ear to ear and pouring milk into the mixture.

A flurry of flour and baking powder later, the cookie dough was forming into a lumpy ball.  Gwendal dutifully stirred some more, kneading all the lumps out.  Then he put the dough on the counter and started rolling it out.

“WIMP!”   Wolfram shouted from the couch.  “Either keep your fiancé company or help with baking.”

“You’re not helping either,”  Yuuri pointed out.

“Shibuya, think about what you’re saying,”  Murata whispered.

“FINE!” Wolfram roared. “I will bake cookies too!”

“What a great idea Wolf-chan,”  Miko squealed with glee,  “It’s so much more fun when everyone bakes!”

Gwendal twitched, and moved a hand protectively over the kitty-shaped cookie he had just made.

For the next twenty minutes the kitchen was full of laughter, fighting, shouting, complacency and accusations.  By the end of it all, Miko proudly put the cookies in the oven to bake.  They all agreed that they’d ended up with 35 adorable cookies, 40 cute cookies, 15 mediocre cookies, and 10 misshapen monstrosities that could probably be sent to a Museum of Modern Art.

Wolfram was not amused by the classification of his cookies.  He angrily turned to Yuuri.  “Cheater! If I didn’t have to watch you all the time, my baking would be better than my brother’s!”

 

.

Later, after everyone had their sugar cravings satiated, Wolfram returned to the couch. Murata helped clean the kitchen to Miko’s immense delight.  Afterwards, he walked over to the couch when no-one was looking and thrust a magazine into Wolfram’s hands.

“Here, you might find this interesting, Lord von Blielfeld,” Murata said with a conspirational wink.

Wolfram looked at the magazine, Weekly Bishonen.  He considered thwacking Murata over the head with the gaudy abomination,  until he glanced at the featured articles.  Make Your Bishonen Hair Even More Sparkly!, 12 New Bishie Styles!  and most importantly Miffed?  Plot Your Evil Bishonen Revenge Now!  He looked over at Murata.    Interesting.  The Great Sage didn’t take sides, but would often aid in the causing of trouble.  Wolfram smirked and wondered if he could exploit that tendency later.  In the meantime, he sat down on the couch to read.

“Hey Wolfram, do you know why the melons were sad?”

Wolfram looked up from his Bishie magazine to stare at his brother.  “What are you talking about, Conrad?”

“It’s a joke José told me, trust me, it’s hilarious,”  Conrad said, chuckling in anticipation of his own joke.

“Conrad, how can melons be sad?”  Wolfram asked.  “Wait, is this innuendo?”

“No it’s not, it’s really funny, trust me.  You won’t believe how funny this is  -haha!”  Conrad paused to catch his breath.  “They were sad, because they cantaloupe!  Get it?  Can’t elope!”  Conrad laughed loudly at his own joke.

Wolfram fell forward onto his Bishie magazine and crumpled a few pages.  He decided to go back to plotting his revenge.  Wolfram wondered if Conrad would look better in a frilly blue dress or a frilly pink dress.  Wolfram decided against the pink dress, Yozak would probably just steal it.  And according to the Bishie article on Choosing Colors for Your Complexion!  blue was more Conrad’s color anyway.

Wolfram heard Conrad telling the same joke to Gwendal in the kitchen and sighed.  Maybe he wouldn’t be able to get revenge on Conrad after all.   Sometimes his brother had absolutely no shame.

-
First, you must make certain that your looks are impeccable.  What good is revenge if you can’t look drop-dead gorgeous while getting some?  Comb your hair until it shines. Primp. Use only the finest oils and perfumes for bathing.  Use a mirror to practice that smoldering look you’ll give the one foolish enough to anger you.  (And if you happen to live with your object of revenge, this step has the added bonus of annoying them by limiting their access to the bathroom.  Don’t worry, they deserve it.)

-Excerpt from Plot Your Evil Bishonen Revenge Now! 

 

--

Shouri walked down the hall, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.  He frowned when he approached the bathroom.  The first thing his mind registered was Yuu-chan is home!  This was quickly followed by:  …and he brought all his friends.  For some reason they were all lounging around in the