do.”

He can’t feel anything but rage anyway. But the rage he feels is not an expressive kind. It’s quietly running in the back of his mind, waiting for Yuri to relax enough so it can hurt him the most when he’s least expecting it. The rage he feels right now is much more dangerous than the one he’s felt his entire life.

**Yuri and Otabek are left alone in the room. The nurse adjusted his bed so he’s sitting, with the help of some pillows for his back and an arm rest. Yuri doesn’t want to look at Otabek and he doesn’t want to talk to him. He’s not angry, just scared. Mostly scared of how disappointed Otabek must be.

He’d much rather see him cry over his death than talk to him about how lucky he is that he is still alive. Yuri knows how fucking lucky he is, the dose he took should have killed him. Which makes him wonder why it didn’t. It’s all because of that fucking pig, it must be.

They just sit quietly for a few minutes. Otabek doesn’t move, Yuri doesn’t move, but he is getting impatient. He wants to talk, but at the same time doesn’t even want Otabek to think that he is awake. Maybe, if he pretends to be asleep long enough, Otabek will leave. But who knows how long the three of them have sat in his room and waited for him to wake up.

“Are you disappointed in me?”

Otabek moves in his chair, as Yuri can hear. “What?”

“Are you disappointed in me?”

Otabek doesn’t answer immediately. He takes some time to think about Yuri’s words and what they mean. How does he feel? That’s not something Otabek spent his time thinking about.

“No,” he answers quietly but firmly. “I’m worried about you.” Otabek doesn’t move anymore, he doesn’t want to startle Yuri.

The blond finally opens his eyes and looks directly at his partner. “I thought you’d be disappointed in me.” He’s happy, but it doesn’t feel right. He shouldn’t be, when Otabek looks like he hasn’t slept in a week. “… How long have I been here?”

Otabek smiles. He knows that Yuri is not heartless, even though he sometimes portrays himself to be. “Since yesterday night. It’s around eleven in the morning now.” He looks at Yuri. He doesn’t ask him why, or whose fault it is, he doesn’t ask if he’s not enough for him. He knows the answers to all those questions.

“How are you, Yuri?”

Yuri blinks. His deadpan expression is showing that Otabek caught him surprised, even though Yuri would never admit it. He smiles.

“I’m great!” he says but he stops as soon as Otabek’s expression changes to stone cold glare. Yuri lowers his gaze. “I’m numb.” He knows there is absolutely no use in lying to Otabek, because he loves him, and because Otabek can recognize Yuri’s lies from across the world.

“I want to die.”

Otabek nods. “I know.” He stands up and drags his chair closer to Yuri’s bed. “Can I hold your hand?”

Yuri pushes his hand into Otabek’s, but he’s looking away. “Is it … Is my arm … Are they okay?”

“They’re clean,” Otabek says and smiles again. “You tried to hurt your head. But I stopped you.” Otabek squeezes Yuri’s hand tighter. “I’ll always stop you, Yuri. Because there really are better times coming for you, and we’ll wait for them together. I love you, and I’ll make you realize that the world isn’t all in black and white.” He purses his lips. Otabek knows that Yuri isn’t one to listen to these kind of monologues, but he knows that the boy doesn’t really have any other choice this time. “I remember how we became friends. You were so fierce, so shameless and I thought ‘this is someone I want to be friends with’. And as time passed you know how things evolved. You only told me how you felt on your eighteenth birthday party. You have no idea how happy it made me. And I’m still happy to be around you, I really am, I just wish you were happy, too …” He brushes his thumb against Yuri’s palm. “And I know that you’re not. I also know that I’m not the reason you’re unhappy. You know that I would turn back the time if I could, even though I wasn’t there when you crashed, but I’d change things if I could. I’d much rather be the one in this bed right now and watch you