’t feel like going. The younger felt terribly guilty, considering he was the one that said they hadn’t spent much time together, but it wasn’t like he totally lied. He  wasn’t  feeling good. Ever since last night and after what he did, he still couldn’t believe he jerked off to the thought of his hyung and he  liked it. All he wanted to do was stay in bed all day and wallow in his misery and confusion. Was it just his hormones acting up or was he actually attracted to Baekhyun? His thoughts were interrupted when Chanyeol’s booming voice and obnoxious laughter coming from the living room.

“Hey guys! Come look at Baek!”

Sehun’s ears quirked at the sound of the elder’s name, his curiosity forcing him to go outside to check out what was going on.

There he was, in all his glory, twirling around in that skirt that haunted Sehun’s dreams at night with that damn wig. Sehun really couldn't believe his eyes. Baekhyun dressed up in that uniform was the last thing he wanted to see right now.

“Why are you wearing that thing again?” Jongdae managed to ask through fits of laughter.

“Manager-hyung said they wanted me to take some pics for the fans. Don’t I look pretty?” He playfully asked.

“I seriously don’t think I’ll ever get use to you like this,” Minseok chuckled.

“Sehun, doesn’t he look funny?” Chanyeol laughed hysterically, slapping the younger’s arm.

“Y-Yeah,” he awkwardly chuckled, not being able to take his eyes off Baekhyun.

Baekhyun laughed along with everyone, playing into his role of a schoolgirl and doing aegyo to gross everyone out.

“Come on, Minseok-oppa you don’t think I’m pretty?”

Minseok grimaced, threatened to hit the other if he said that again. Everyone laughed, everyone but Sehun. As soon as those words left Baekhyun’s mouth, Sehun’s mouth went dry. He couldn’t help but think how nice it would sound if the elder said that to him. He cleared his throat before muttering an excuse to go back into the safety of his room.

There was a soft knock at his door when he plopped down face first into his bed. He asked who it was and before he got a reply, the door opened up.

“It is I, Exo’s favorite fangirl,” Baekhyun giggled.

The younger mentally screamed, but weakly chuckled in response.

“Don’t I look adorable, Sehun-oppa?” Baekhyun chuckled as he twirled around in attempt to make the younger feel better since he had seemed pretty down earlier.

Sehun swallowed hard, “Yeah, you do.”

The elder slightly tensed at his words, not exactly the response he was expecting.

He lightly laughed, brushing off what the younger just said, “Jongdae said this will forever be burned into his mind.”

“Did you hear me, hyung? I meant what I said.”

He rose from the bed and walked toward the shorter. Baekhyun forced out a laugh, scratching the back of his head and looking down to avoid eye contact. “R-Really? Thanks I think you’re the only one that thinks I look good.”

The words left Sehun’s mouth before he could even register what he was about to say. “I think you look more than good, hyung. You look hot .”

The elder took a step back, words caught in his throat in his flustered state. That fluttery feeling was back in his stomach, his heart was beating so fast he was worried the other could hear it. What was Sehun even saying right now? Was he playing some sick joke because Baekhyun was just about ready to drop dead right there. The taller took a step closer, effectively backing the shorter up against the wall. Baekhyun flinched when the other placed his hand flat against the wall beside his head. His mouth hung open in shock, eyes fixed on the taller’s chest as he leaned down, closing the distance between the two.

“Call me oppa again,” Sehun said lowly into the other’s ear.

Baekhyun’s breath hitched hearing the younger’s request. His mind felt blank, the room felt hot, and everything felt so surreal. His bottom lip started to redden between his teeth and he slowly opened his mouth to speak, but before he could the door began open and Sehun was off and away from him in the blink of an eye.

“Hey guys we’re about to go eat,” Chanyeol said, “Baek you gonna change before we go or are you gonna stay in that?”

Baekhyun quickly snapped out of his daze, taking a second to gather his thoughts before managing to form a coherent sentence. “S-Shut up, you idiot. Of course I’m gonna go change,” he huffed and stomped out of the room. On his way out he tried his best not to look at Sehun, but he felt the younger’s eyes following up as he