in his hands from him laughing too. Whoever this kid was, he sure was making this experience less horrible.

	“Like he got it everywhere too! I had to borrow my friend Tobio’s shorts because I would’ve been sitting in here practically naked. So that was my night. How’s yours been?” He managed to get out between chuckles.

	“Pretty boring really. Just playing video games or browsing the internet…nothing exciting like that.” Kenma left out the part when he screamed profanity when he slipped up and missed getting a Full Combo by one note. 

	“Oh cool! I play games sometimes but I’m terrible at them. What were you playing?” 

	He was not really up to telling him about the rhythm game where you collect girls for your idol club, but noticing he had already put his clothes in the washer, and was stuck there until they dried…what could he lose? (Not like he was trying to impress this mystery boy or something).

	“Ummm have you ever heard of…Love Live?” His face felt extremely warm suddenly. He noticed the guy made some weird squawking sound.

	“Yeah I’ve heard of it! My friend Hitoka let me play it once and I really liked it…but she kinda freaked out when I failed a Live show and I ended up using like five of these really important things to keep going.”

	“You mean Love gems?” 

	“Yup.” He scratched the back of his head embarrassed over the whole ordeal.

	“Geez were you playing on Expert or something?” Kenma use to struggle with them, but he’s gotten better, after many days of wanting to throw his phone against the wall.

	“No, it was on Normal.” His matter of fact tone made Kenma stare open mouthed at him. He really was terrible at games. He was slightly curious how bad the guy was. Kenma’s phone was in his hands the next moment and he had pulled up the app and handed it over to the boy in the chair.

	“ Ok you have to show me this because I do not believe this at all.” He picked the first song and placed the level on Normal. 

	3 ½ minutes later Kenma saw how bad was “bad”. This guy couldn’t even get through the song Kenma had to stop him it was so awful. 

	“Yeah I’m kinda bad at rhythm games.”

	“No you’re not…you’re just completely awful at them.” He smirked. 

	“He don’t be rude!” He said back with a huge grin on his face. He was really cute when he smiled like that, but Kenma kept that to himself.
“Well how good are you then since I’m ‘completely awful’ at them?” He seemed genuinely interested now. Kenma picked probably the hardest song and put it on Expert. It was totally for the experience and not to show off. 

	He was doing great until the person next to him kept making excited noises over his combos, his fluid tapping skills, and when his rare student bonuses kept flashing across the screen. It was distracting because it was freaking adorable. It was more distracting when he noticed how close he had gotten in order to see the screen. Kenma could practically feel him leaning against him. Hopefully the guy was too entertained by the game to notice his flushed face. When he was finished and his A rank showed up he let out a breath he was holding for some reason.  

	“Wow you’re amazing at this! Do have like the world record for Love Live? There’s no way I’d ever be able to do that in like a million years!” 

	His impressed comments kept flying out one after the other taking Kenma by surprise. He still had this much energy at around 2:30 in the morning? Kenma brushed the compliments off. He literally had 6 hearts left in his stamina bar and probably missed at least 10 notes, but an “A” is an “A”. A sudden loud beep brought him back to the room. His clothes were done washing. He got up to pull his things out and he noticed it was quiet in the room. The other machine had stopped as well. 

	“Oh my stuff’s clean!” He sang and he hopped up to move them to a dryer. 

	“Um…you can put them in here with my stuff. It’ll save money.” Why was asking someone to dry their clothes with yours suddenly a difficult task?

	“You sure?”

	“Yeah that’s ok.” 

	A dark blue jacket along with a striped t-shirt and pair of blue jeans went in with the rest of Kenma’s clothes and he set the dryer to 40 minutes. Any other day this long of time would’ve been excruciatingly long to him, but it didn’t seem so bad with a fun guy full of energy to keep him company.

	They were both laughing by the time the buzzer went off on the dryer Kenma almost missed it. He had spent the last 40 minutes trying to get this person to at least complete