Percy, you're thirty-one years old."

"I've shagged," Percy said, somewhat defensively. "Just not…in a while. I was assigned to you in '96, as you will recall. Following someone around doesn't leave much time for relationships."

"Who said anything about relationships?" Harry asked, scandalized. 

"I don't approve of one-night stands," Percy admitted firmly.

"Ah," Harry said, nodding sagely. "Neither do I. Why waste a whole night on some bloke when you can be rid of him in an hour?"

"Potter," Percy said in exasperation. His arms had slid down to his sides and he was clenching his fists angrily. "Why do you do this? Why do you drive cabs and go to the same filthy bar every night? Why do you live in shambles when you could afford so much better? Why do you buy food and never eat it? And why are you still in New York City?"

Harry stood up straight, tucked himself back in his trousers and zipped them up, all the while staring at Percy bleakly. "Why do you not ask for reassignment?" he countered. "Why do you keep following me even though you hate it and me? Why do you watch me so closely? And why are you still in New York City?"

"There's nothing for me in England," Percy growled. Harry watched the way he bit his lip, trying to keep himself from making a scene—how could anyone make a scene in a place like this?—and tried not say something unfortunate.

Instead, he laughed caustically, which probably wasn't much better. "And there would be if I came?" he asked derisively. "What about your family? What about pretty Penelope and what about how much you love your job?"

"I did love my job," Percy said quietly.

"But you don't now," Harry said, raising his eyebrows. His green eyes were still shining in the afterglow behind his glasses. He pulled his jumper back over his head and gave Percy one last look. "That's the point, isn't it? You did love your job, but not anymore."

Percy watched him walk away until he couldn't see his messy black head in the crowd anymore, and then he leaned back against the dirty wall, sighing. He didn't care that his glasses were slipping down his face again, but he fucking hated New York.

Percy didn't follow Harry home that night.


--



THREE – And Living


Two weeks later, Harry was bored out of his mind.

It was nearing the end of October now, and Halloween was closing in on him like four white walls. He just knew he was going to go mad: he had always had Harvey's bar to keep him occupied before, and, failing that, he had Percy. And while Percy was never really 'there' in the years prior, he was still 'around' and that had always been enough to keep Harry from the edge of insanity.

Harry didn't go to Harvey's bar that night just to see if he could hold out. If he was going to be alone on the night his parents died and the night that—well, Harry didn't like to think about the war—but nevertheless, he needed to build up a tolerance for it, he thought.

He bought a bottle of scotch from Mrs. Cohen's bodega and sprawled out on the couch in his apartment, flipping through channels because it was a Sunday, the Giants were winning on ESPN, and he didn't think he could stomach it. Not without a stiff drink anyway.

On the ten o'clock news, Pretty Pricilla (formerly Percy Johnson of Newark), talked about her upcoming show—she, apparently, was the hottest new drag-queen in the metro area—and her benefit ride in the Greenwich Parade was the topic of the night. Harry stared, nonplussed and defeated, at her blood-red feather headpiece and extravagant gown and took a long drink of scotch straight from the bottle. He turned back to the Giants game.

"There's nothing to do in this fucking town," Harry muttered to himself several minutes later. He felt like he was the only person in the whole city. Muggles had gone to such great lengths to create entertainment, and yet, he had been bored nearly to tears for a fortnight.

He thought, maybe, he would pick up a few extra shifts that week. Perhaps that was what he should do Halloween night, but—no. No, Harry didn't want to do that at all. He didn't want to work on Halloween. 

It was too quiet, he decided. He was getting restless.

But it was always quiet: everything about Harry's life for the past decade had been quiet. He worked twenty or so hours a week, bought his groceries from Mrs. Cohen's shop, had a drink at Harvey's and got laid whenever