1. Getting hookers for the factory is not a good solution for the guards sexual issues.         Yeah it is          No it ISN'T and beta may NOT access this document

2. The Motto is "Here to Protect", NOT any of the following. "Hell to the Dick" "Science for the Science God" "suck cock and penis" "use it on the cheese!" "if all else fails, we've got the sun" "if it's moving you did something right" "For the Horde!" "Let's see if it works on the subjects" "Someone is getting stabbed" "FUCK TREES I CLIMB CLOUDS MOTHER FUCKER!" "Blood makes the grass grow, Kill Kill Kill" "Fuck death, war, famine, and pestilence. we've got dianle, fyornt, josh and beta" "Hell to the hail" "Hail hitler mother fuckers, one and only tree god" "Fuck the FBI they're a bunch of pansies" "Who wants to see what i can make the president do in the past timeline?" "Commies love us!"

3. Beta is NOT the god of the universe and NO he may not order others to "preserve the timeline" or "fuck with those history nerds"

4. Beta does indeed have a medical degree. he cannot prescribe or administer any of the following: sexual lubricant, any type of medication, enemas, homeopathic remedies, free hugs, the healing power of laughter, or "more cowbell"

5. Beta is no longer allowed to play truth or dare. just... no

6. Beta is not a wizard and he cannot tutor other to be a wizard. nor is he a vampire. that was just body glitter and bad acting.

7. No Beta, no matter how many times you ask, you are not allowed to have SCP-839 as a pet... no matter how much you want to        and now we're calling then SCP's thanks to you and your stupid shit

8. Beta is not allowed to tell others that they can tame SCP-839 with a rolled up newspaper and a tummy rub

9. beta may not play [DATA REDACTED] with the medical staff. no more throwing of SCP-||||||

10. If Beta is found getting high to get out of paper work he is to be put in a type 7 cell and hosed down with cold water from a pressurized hose for no less than ten minutes. maybe this will teach him that drugs are bad, mkay?

11. Beta is not allowed to blame his twin brother Josh for anything he does. Even if Josh did it.

12. Beta is not allowed to change the s-class uniform to black pants with a red polo shirt. Yes i see your reasoning, but this is not stark trek.

13. Beta is not allowed to barter for others souls if they are not aware of SCP-076...

14. Beta is not the science god, and no, there will be NO "Science for the Science God"

15. Beta is NOT allowed to claim that SCP-3821 has breached containment and leave a fork in the hallway

16. No, Beta is not the all holy one called Stalin and he is not allowed to say he is. Nor is he a commie. and no. Commies do not "love him" because NOBODY loves Beta

17. Beta is NOT allowed to use SCP-294 to request a cup of pure orgasm for "shits n giggles" because just... no

18. Beta is not allowed to request that anyone else use SCP-294 to get him a cup of pure orgasm. No matter how informative or funny it might be.

19. No, Beta is not allowed to "collect dead victims of SCP-321 for his collection of dead things" because that is stupid and creepy

20. Beta is not allowed to interact with Dianle without a mature supervisor. No Fyornt doesn't count. or Josh. or "Mr.Mann" you know what, just don't let them interact

21. No Beta, the answer to every question is not, "chainsaws" or "chainsaw cannons" except for that one time and yes it WAS awesome

22. Beta is not allowed to utter the phrase "more than one million babies" in front of any personnel

23. No, nothing in the factory is "over nine thousand"

24. Beta is not Hitler, and he may not "Kill those Jewish assholes who stole my laptop"

25. If Beta has to ask it's above his clearance level. if it's about Betas clearance level, RUN