a death, to kill the last son of a bitch that ruined an innocent person’s life, that ruined his life. The first person he talked to was the foreman. The usual questions were asked, “Why do you wanna work here?”, or “Why would someone like you want to work for the rail roads?” They were stupid fucking questions really, he just wanted a fucking job for Christ’s sake, and he got it after much persuasion.

 

            First step was done, and now he was moving on to step two, finding the nearest bar and indulging himself in hard liquor and cheap cigars. The only person that attempted conversation with him was a whore, one which he didn’t want to be around. “Are you looking for a good time?” she asked, sitting in the empty barstool next to him. “No.” It was straight to the point and efficient. Upon looking up and examining the women in front of him, she dark hair, brown eyes with flecks of green in them. She was a nice looking young women in his opinion, but he wasn’t one to take part in buying women. “What’s with the tattoos? Thought those weren’t lady like.” He stated, downing the rest of the whiskey and promptly ordering another round. “Indians don’t give a shit what’s lady like and what’s not-” she said with a laugh; from there the two conversed until the later hours of the night. He learned of her back story, about the man who traded her off to a local Indian tribe, her experience, what it was like, and how she was waiting for the day a tribesman came and took her out of the place she and so many others called “Hell on Wheels.” He wished her the best of luck and was on his way.

 

            Now the whiskey was in his system, and it was hard to walk, especially through the muck and mud that was the foundation and sorrows of this retched place. He was almost to his assigned tent when he stumbles into someone. Now, usually Levi would keep walking, keep his head down and hold his tongue, and he was going to, that was until this bastard decided to open his loud ass mouth. “Watch where the fuck you’re going shit face.” It was a petty attempt at an insult, but his temper flared like the roaring fires that made the machines around hum rumble like thunder during a storm. Before he realized what he was doing, Levi landed a blow to the jack ass’ face, causing the dude to stumble backwards. In a matter of seconds, both Levi and the mystery man were on the floor, rolling around in the mud, pulling hair and punching, then the jackass bit Levi’s damn arm. Levi had had enough, and decided to find out exactly who the actual fuck this person was. In one swift move, Levi had torn, the now filthy, hat off his opponent.

 

            Shoulder length curls fell into the dirt, and surprisingly feminine eyes were glaring up at him. “Didn’t your mother ever teach to not hit a girl?” she asked with an evil grin. “Much less get one dirty from head to toe.” He couldn’t help but groan, then pulled himself off her, “You look like a man.” He muttered in his defense, “What the fuck are you doing out here anyways? Are you some kind of special whore?” A scoff and a roll of the eyes answered that. “You fucking wish I was a whore, don’t you? I’m here to work.”

“This is mans work.” He replied softly.

“Then I must be a man, because I’m here, aren’t I?”

Levi looked this woman up and down, then sighed. She had on work clothes, boots, pants, shirt, even had her hair pulled back until he ripped it down. “You shouldn’t be here. Should be with your husband.”

 

“Don’t have one.” She replied, trying to scrape the muck off her shirt, “And you? Don’t you have a southern belle to get back to sometime soon cowboy?”

 

“Not anymore.” He seemed interested in the woman. Why in the world would a woman want to work out here, with these terrible men, and the dirt?

 

“Why are you here?” 

 

“I want to work.”

 

“Work somewhere else but here?”

 

“Shut the hell up.”

 

She was the exact opposite of his wife, his wife was graceful, polite, feminine, everything this lady wasn’t.  “Who the hell are you?” he asked. Her eyes were glimmering behind those long lashes, her hair was a wreck, and her face was covered in soot, but it suited her. “I’m Hanji Zoe.” She answered slowly, “And I’m here because… well because I don’t want to just be another man’s wife. I want to make a name for myself in this world,