playing piano over there. More than likely, he would go back to his card sharking ways for the day, as he would hardly be able to keep the lights on with the few bucks in tips he might earn from torturing the instrument.

At any rate, this was the moment she had been waiting for. Hoping that she was affecting the right level of boredom, she replied blandly, “I’ll keep myself busy somehow, boss. Keys in your mailbox, as usual?”

Mr. Wright nodded. “Please. Well, I’ll be off.”

He put on the slightly ratty-looking knitted hat and closed the door behind himself a moment later.

Walking over to the window, Athena watched him walk down the road and vanish on the winding path beyond the east entrance gate of People Park.

Slowly counting down from ten after she had lost sight of her superior to make sure he did not suddenly turn back because he had forgotten something, she hurried back to the couch the moment she had reached zero, pulling out her cell phone and dashing off a quick text consisting of only one word:


Action.


Athena wished that they would have been able to stage their first such scene a little more spontaneously, but as neither one of them had thought that they would be able to get into the appropriate mood while playing out their scenario in one of their apartments, and doing so out in public could be misunderstood far too easily, the remaining options had been his office at the Prosecutor’s Building, or the Agency – and as there was always somebody around at Simon’s workplace, this setup had seemed safest for their initial attempt at this. Not only that, given his role, it would have been inauthentic to meet there instead of at the Detention Center, and since they had never resorted to make-believe in a sexual context before, minimizing any jarring aspects that would make the scene too unreal to become immersed had seemed the best approach.

At least they had agreed yesterday upon hearing of her boss’s intentions to play the Borscht Bowl Club that, since they would have a window of multiple hours at their disposal, they would not immediately proceed the moment the coast was clear, to try and think themselves into their respective roles and maintain a semblance of surprise. Simon had taken a half-day off so he would not suddenly be called away to a crime scene. She just hoped that they would not be pre-empted or interrupted by a client showing up at the worst possible time.

In the spirit of keeping things simple, they had decided on a very basic setup, without a predetermined script: The ‘Twisted Samurai’ would give his minders the slip and show up at the Agency, where Athena would conveniently be alone, and things would progress free-form from there. The remainder of the discussion had remained fairly general, although she had felt it necessary to tell him in no uncertain terms, “And don’t worry about hurting me from the start, or this is never gonna work. In fact, I’m planning to put up a fight, and I want you to be rough and only interested in taking me for your own gratification. It’s not called ‘rape fantasy’ for nothing, and I’m not sure that you psychologically manipulating or blackmailing me into doing it would work for me, to be honest, so the physical variant is probably the way to go. Remember, we have safewords – and you know I don’t mind a bruise here and there.”

Simon had seemed dubious about her statement, but had eventually agreed. “I do reserve the right to call this off the moment I feel it goes to far,” he had warned, although there had been a hint of hunger in his eyes that had caused her to kiss him heatedly, at which point their planning session had come to a rather abrupt end.

Athena seated herself on her regular spot on the couch, opening Widget’s browser window, and tried to get into the right mindset as she waited. Selecting her preferred news site, she began informing herself about the rather humdrum events of the day and could almost feel her mental gears beginning to grind to a halt as time ticked by. For once, she embraced this state consciously – trying to suppress her foreknowledge of what was to happen sooner or later was easier that way.

Half an hour passed. Thirty-five minutes. Forty.

Where the heck is he? After about fifty minutes, the nagging thought began becoming stronger and stronger, and Athena had to resort to her arsenal of easy listening muzak stored on her electronic companion’s micro SD chip to redirect her attention to something other than the scene, if and whenever it would begin.

She must have dozed off after a while of her gaze wandering between the wall clock and Widget’s holographic monitor, as her eyes flew open when a sharp rap on the door reverberated through the room. Jumping up from the couch, she went to open up for whoever had just arrived at the office – and found herself face to face with a vision from days past: the Twisted