where was it you two were going today?"

"There is a micronebula," Tuvok said, "approximately 1.6 light years from here on the verge of collapse. We intend to take a shuttle to study it."

"An away mission during shore leave?" Neelix said.

"Only partially," Seven said. "While I witnessed several such occurrences as a drone, I have never had the chance to witness such a phenomena as an individual."

"Well, whatever floats your boat," B'Elanna said. "Will Sam be going with you?"

"Regrettably, no," Seven said. "She still has… concerns about leaving the ship."

"And by concerns you mean she's become downright superstitious," B'Elanna said.

Seven sighed. "I was attempting to put it diplomatically. I tried to convince her to come along, but she still believes that something terrible will happen if she ever sets foot off Voyager again."

"Has she tried talking to the Doctor about that?" Neelix asked. "That doesn't seem like a very healthy way of thinking."

"She has," Seven said, rolling her eyes. B'Elanna thought at first she was offended at what Neelix said, but what she said next clarified things. "The Doctor was not as diplomatic as I was."

"Oh dear," Sofin muttered.

"It is remarkable to me," Seven said, "just how much offense a sentient being can cause when they have no intent to do so."

B'Elanna stifled a laugh, while Neelix nodded in agreement. "Well," she said to Seven and Tuvok, "try to enjoy yourself out there, Seven."

Seven of Nine began assembling the gear that she and Tuvok had determined they would need once they reached the micronebula. As she did so, she once again felt a moment of guilt, leaving her family behind, but Samantha had insisted she not pass up the opportunity, and Naomi had not had a flashback or a nightmare in days.

She heard the door to the cargo bay open as she continued to pack, one full bag already resting near her alcove. She turned and saw Tom Paris enter.

"Here's the navigational data you asked for," he said.

"Thank you,' Seven said.

"How long are you planning on being gone?" Tom said, looking at the already full bag, as well as the one Seven was currently working on.

"Approximately 48 hours," she said. Tom chuckled.

"Just like B'Elanna," he said.

"Clarify," Seven said, wondering what he meant.

"She likes to overpack too," Tom said.

"Is this another example of details about your relationship I do not need to know?" Seven asked.

"What are you implying?" Tom said.

"I believe the word is 'oversharing.' Sam taught me about the concept. I have found that it has helped avoid many potentially embarrassing moments when engaging in dialogue with the rest of the crew."

"C'mon, I don't talk that much about my relationship with B'Elanna."

"Ensign Paris," Seven said. "you told me what your 'safeword' was last year. I looked up what that meant. I never needed to know that much about your personal life, and I wish it were possible to forget. There is a reason I drink my tea in larger mugs now."

Tom was silent, looking as if he wanted to say something, presumably to defend himself, but eventually he just sighed.

"Okay, yeah, I see your point. I'll work on that."

"Please do," Seven said. Tom left, and she continued packing, setting aside some items she realized there was a far less than 50% chance that she would actually need. Once the task was completed, she made her way to the shuttle bay, where one of Voyager's smaller shuttles would be waiting for her since the Delta Flyer was already in use by the Captain.

When she arrived, she saw Samantha waiting for her, and she smiled. "Sam, are you coming with us after all?"

"No, sorry," Samantha said, "I don't think you could pay me to get in a shuttle again. No, I'm just here to see you off. Naomi would be here, but I decided to let her sleep in." Sam stepped forward, put her arms around Seven's waist, and kissed her on the lips.

"Mmm," Seven said. "I will certainly miss that while I am studying the micronebula."

"Stay safe," Sam said.

"I intend to," Seven said, moving towards the lowered ramp of the shuttle with an extra spring in her step.

As the shuttle made its way to the micronebula, Seven of Nine found her thoughts drifting back to her wife and step-daughter back on Voyager, the guilt over leaving them having come back again, despite the fact that on multiple occasions both of them had made it clear they were fine with Seven going on this excursion.

Seven looked at the chronometer.

"Two hours