place and oddly comforting.

"You shouldn't," said Sherlock, waving a hand dismissively. "To have a full identity crisis over something like that would be illogical."

"Illogical?" Joan repeated incredulously. "Explain to me exactly how a sexual identity crisis is illogical. I can't wait to hear it."

Sherlock sighed in exasperation. "Honestly, Joan! You're a doctor, you ought to know the basics of human sexuality. Namely, that sexuality is fluid. Concepts like "gay" and "straight" were merely invented for our convenience. Sexual orientation itself is more of a complex spectrum."

"Going all Kinsey on me, are you?" said Joan dryly.

"Hardly. His models focused on only one dimension of human sexual behaviour and have since been expanded to include other factors for improved accuracy."

"Right. Of course." Joan wondered if these were things that Sherlock had known before, or if she had recently been on a researching binge in preparation for a conversation like this.

"Only a very small percentage of the human population – and an even smaller one for females in particular – falls within the categorization of completely heterosexual or completely homosexual," Sherlock went on. "Statistically, it's more likely that you fall in a grey area between heterosexuality and bisexuality."

Joan found herself fidgeting with her cold toast. "All right, so what about you, then?" she demanded. "You told me you were married to your work. I always assumed that you were kind of... asexual, or something."

Sherlock rolled her eyes. "Oh, Joan. Surely if there are shades of grey between heterosexuality and homosexuality, there are similar grey areas between asexuality and hypersexuality. Just because I don't have a supposedly normal sex drive, it doesn't mean that I have no interest at all."

"Well, but have you... I mean..." It was the question that Joan had been dying to ask her since the Irene Adler affair, but never dared. Even now, she fought to keep her words from faltering. Lord, it was awkward; it just wasn't a question one usually posed to another grown woman. "Do you... have any kind of experience in that area? You know," she added quickly, "Evidence. To be sure."

Sherlock leaned back in her chair and fixed her with those sharp blue eyes. "You mean to ask, am I a virgin?"

"It's just that, during the Adler case, you remember, Mycroft said--"

Sherlock actually laughed at that. "And you'd believe him? Mycroft hasn't always kept such a close eye on me. Do you really think I would go out of my way to notify him that his innocent little sister was having a shag? You've seen how overprotective he is, and you know what he's capable of."

Joan was genuinely surprised. "So you have!" she said. "Had sex, I mean."

Sherlock began to munch on the end a piece of toast, but rolled her eyes all the same. Of course I have, the look said. Don't be daft.

Joan sat back and crossed her arms over her dressing gown. "I'm just surprised," she admitted. "I guess I thought you were... beyond that, somehow."

Sherlock swallowed. "It's a motive in too much of human behaviour for me to completely ignore it," she said. "And I don't really have the need for it like others seem to. I have far more important things to do with my time. But back in my frankly boring days at university, I had a lot more free time than I knew what to do with."

Joan laughed. "Going after all the boys, were you?"

Sherlock fixed her with another sharp look. "That statement presumes a lot. Especially given the nature of this conversation."

"Girls?"

"Just one."

Joan thought back to what she already knew about Sherlock's uni days. There was a name. She remembered it from one of Sherlock's stories. "Victoria?"

Sherlock stuffed another piece of toast in her mouth instead of replying, but by the sudden evasive nature of her eyes, Joan guessed that she was right. Sherlock seemed reluctant to go further on the subject and Joan took the cue to start on her own cold toast and tea.

Sherlock finished her breakfast before Joan – a first. She again clasped her hands under her chin and watched Joan work through her last piece of toast.

"Can you not deduce me while I'm eating?" Joan complained between bites. "It's a bit weird."

"You seem significantly more relaxed," Sherlock observed. "Have you resolved your sexual identity crisis?"

Joan swallowed the last bite of toast and took a brief sip of her tea. "I's not something that can be resolved with logic in a single conversation over breakfast," she sighed. "I need some time to think about it... absorb it... you know. I just need some time."

Sherlock