widening as he sees the large gashes on Yuu's torso. "No..."

Then came Shiho and behind him were Mitsuba and Shinoa. Mitsuba covered her mouth in shock. "Oh my god," she muttered.

The kids were starting to cry out of confusion.

"You!" Mitsuba pointed to the kids with the blades before continuing. "Get out of here before you get disciplined by the Japanese Imperial Demon Army for purposefully injuring a soldier! Scram!"

Terrified, the children ran out the way Shinoa's squad walked in.

Shinoa sighed. "Mika, did you—"

"Yes." Mika looked up at the lavender-haired girl as his blue eyes started to become a deep red. "I know I shouldn't have, but Yuu allowed me, and I was going to kill a kid for their blood and I... And I..." His eyes started to water. "I'm such a disgusting monster," he whispered.

Yoichi saw as his friend's green eyes started to become glassy as blood continued to pump from his wounds, staining his clothes. He looked up at Mika. "Please, can't you save him?" He pleaded desperately.

Mika's throat started to feel hoarse as an idea occurred to him. It was dangerous too. He couldn't even believe that the thought even came to his mind.

"I... I could save him," he muttered.

Shiho started to speak. "You co—"

"Yes! Yes I can. I could save him. But it's dangerous. And it..." Mika looked away.

"Mika, how?" Mitsuba cried out.

The blond teen looked at the squad. "I.. I could turn Yuu."

"That's a terrible idea!" Shiho yelled, clearly taken aback. The mere thought was repulsing. "You can't!"

Yoichi grimly smiled. "Kimizuki, do you really want to lose apart of our family? And make Mika lose the only family he has left?"

Only the pounding of their chests filled the empty silence, and Yuu had already started to go into shock, becoming unresponsive.

"Do it," the squad leader says darkly.

A shocked Shiho looks at Shinoa with wide eyes, but he said nothing.

Mika, trying to fight back tears, pricked his bottom lip with his fang and blood starts to leak. His lips trembled as they approached Yuu's mouth. Before they met, he whispers a small quiet statement. "I'm so sorry, Yuu..."

Finally their lips touch, and Mika's blood trickles into Yuu's mouth.

Yuu, so sleepy, so tired, so weak, did nothing but swallow before he fell into a very deep sleep. He had slipped into complete unconsciousness.

Mika could hear the sobs of Yuu's 'other family' as even he weeped. He hung his head in defeat as tears start to roll down his face and a new hole had started to form in his heart.

Well. Title is everything. Yuu is thirsty and he goes crazy. Mika is Mika.

Wow! I didn't think Chapter 1 would fare so well, especially since I haven't posted anything on here in forever. Thanks so much you guys! Now on to Chapter Two!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Yuu's eyes darted open and light flooded his vision. He sat himself up and tried to remember what the hell happened. As he kept trying to figure out where he was, Yuu had finally realized that he was in a hospital room. But he felt... out of place.

His eyes scanned the room and stopped when he saw a cup of water to his left. The teen took the glass and inspected it. It looked as if it was dusty and hadn't been washed for ages before being crudely cleaned just recently. He felt his mouth with his tongue and realized that it was dry. Really dry, cottony even.

Yuu brought the glass to his lips and took a sip before abruptly stopping to cough. The water, it tasted... stale? Does water even get stale?

Amidst his choking, Yoichi walked into the room. He blinked just once before his eyes widened in surprise. Yoichi stepped back eagerly and yelled out to his squad mates. "Yuu! He's awake!"

The clicking of shoes and footsteps on hard tile echoed and started to quicken, and four other people ran into the room. Shiho, Mitsuba, Shinoa, and Mika came into Yuu's sight. Yuu studied them, and when his eyes landed on Mika's blue eyes—well he expected blue, but they had become a deep red—Mika had turned away in shame. The whole squad looked shocked that he even woke up in the first place.

The raven-haired boy tried to figure out why even they seemed out of place with their dusty uniforms—

Wait. He stopped at the thought. If this was the base hospital, would their uniforms...

"Hey," he started. "Um, can someone tell me where I am?"

The squad seemed to