he’s still not entirely convinced.

“I know you’d rather have Tommo over—“

“No. Liam, no.”

Zayn’s eyes bore into his, pleading for him to believe him. And the thing is, Liam does. Has never doubted him. Never will. That kind of trust in somebody should scare him, but he can’t bring himself to care because for as long as he remembers Zayn’s always been just a step behind him, ready to comfort—if not catch him—when he falls.

“You’re always welcome,” Zayn shrugs, like it’s not even worth questioning.

And that’s how it starts, really.

 

-

 

He’s there the day Zayn’s scrolling through his phone, there when he slams it down with a bang and stalks out of the room. It only takes a few strategic Twitter searches for Liam to figure out why.

He finds him in the graffiti room, mask on and walls freshly slashed with color. He grabs one of the disposable plastic masks from the cupboard in the corner and waits, watching him with his back against the sofa and legs sprawled in front of him like he’s done more times than he can count.

Zayn doesn’t say anything—just paints. He’s never seen anger look so striking, images splashed stark against white walls. Only Zayn would be able to make such an ugly sentiment into something so stunning.

Only later, hours later, after Zayn’s done stewing and Liam has to coax him out of the room before the fumes make them dizzy, does Liam bring it up.

“I can’t imagine what it’s like,” he says quietly, tracing the sudden stiffness in Zayn’s jaw until it softens again, “And I don’t think I ever can.”

Zayn sighs, just looks at him.

They’ve never discussed this before, really. Because it’s much easier to pretend when your world’s narrowed down to just four other lads, hotel room after hotel room, living in routine and being surrounded by the same people day after day. It feels so insular, sometimes—but Liam knows. And Zayn knows, all too well. People talk and hurt and judge on things beyond his control, things that shape him. And Liam hates it, hates that Zayn will always be singled out for the wrong reasons, that people fuel their hatred by condemning some of the most sacred, beautiful aspects of him. Zayn’s stronger than all of them, he’s realized, but part of the reason he has to be like that in the first place makes his insides twist.

There’s still a tenseness to Zayn’s shoulders that makes Liam itch. He reaches over—cups the back of his neck, thumb running down the fantail tattoo in a way he hopes is reassuring. They’re sprawled on Zayn’s bed, not even bothering to pull back the covers.

“But I just—just want to let you know I’m here.”

He’s been there from the beginning, ever since he first introduced himself at that McDonald’s a few years ago, making eyes at this painfully shy boy under cheap restaurant lighting and hoping to make a friend. Getting so much more than that when they find themselves on stage with three other lads, a second chance laid out before them like a prize.

The thing is, now Zayn’s answering grin etched into the crook of his neck makes him think of things like beyond. When the lights have dimmed and the shared madness of tour and awards shows and studio sessions has fully receded. How Liam will always be there, if he’ll have him. People would say he’s entirely too young to be feeling this way but in the years he’s known Zayn he’s never met anybody else who’s made his blood sing quite the same.

“Later,” Zayn says, “I’ll tell you. But later.”

And Liam believes him.

So he runs fingers through Zayn’s hair, his hands articulating more than he’s capable of saying at the moment—you’re so strong. You don’t have to do this by yourself. Tell me everything and I’ll try to help. You’re so strong for still being you and I love that. 

I love you.

 

-

 

The call comes while Liam’s food shopping.

“Hey,” he says, cradling the phone between his ear and shoulder as he examines the expiration date on a loaf of bread.

“Babe,” Zayn greets, voice tinny and slightly echoed. He must be on speaker phone and making breakfast, judging by the rustling and clink of kitchenware in the background.

“Yeah?”

“You think you can pick up my mum and Wali from the airport? Sorry, I would usually call Preston or summat—”

“’Course,” Liam talks over him, “You know I would.”

“They’ll be happy to see you,” Zayn shouts, muffled—his head’s probably stuck