, man. It's cool. I get it.'

 

'Do you?'

 

'Sure. We've all had that friend that's, like, more, but not. It's cool,' he said again. 'Listen,' and he leaned on his elbows, cigarette spent but still between his fingers. 'He said something about ya. You don't have to talk about it if you don't wanna, I get it. But I'd like to ask.'

 

Zayn, apprehension boiling his blood, bit in his lower lip. 'He said something?'

 

'Don't give me that look,' Danny laughed. 'Said you were an artist is all. I'm wondering about that. Y'know, running a clothing store and shit, I make my own stuff sometimes. Was wondering what kind of art you do. Like, designs, or something?'

 

'Oh.' Zayn chuckled, lowly. 'Art, right. Uh, not really? I wouldn't call myself an, uh, artist. Like, I draw, but that's it.'

 

Danny's phone rang. He wasn't quick to answer, not after seeing it was the taxi company, but after the fourth ring, he had to. 'Yeah,' he said into the mouthpiece. 'There in a minute, mate.' Then to Zayn, 'If you ever wanna share your drawings, you can give me a shout.' He scribbled his number on a piece of hotel stationary, one with the name printed across the top in fine writing. 'Just text, or call. I won't mind. I'd like to see it if it's anything like he—' motioning to Louis— 'described.'

 

Zayn's face, warm with blood, felt that it'd burst in flames at any moment. He looked over the paper, folded it in two and put it in his wallet. With a hurried, 'Thanks,' he shook Louis lightly until he finally woke, groggy and cranky and wanting sleep in a real bed.

 

'Thanks,' Zayn said again at the door. Louis waved weakly from the hallway before disappearing down the steps in no particular hurry. 'For being nice and.. y'know.' He blushed again, hating himself a bit for it. 'Maybe I'll be in touch.'

 

-

 

In the hotel, in bed, with the television playing something in Korean, Zayn saw the time and wasn't the least bit surprised to see it was half three in the morning. Louis was restless by his side, fighting with the covers and fluffing the pillows aimlessly. Zayn watched him a moment, then rose to his feet. Soft patter to the bathroom where he washed his face and filled a glass with tap water, then back to bed, crawling beneath covers only to have Louis cling to his side, mercilessly.

 

'Love you,' Louis muttered in his sleep.

 

'Love you too, Lou,' but he was already snoring again. Eyes on the television, he wasn't watching so much as he was looking; eyes trained on one spot in the right corner until they started to cross and water, and only then did Zayn allow them to shut, to let himself sleep.

 

He dreamt of nothing he could remember in the morning.

 

 

 

/

 

 

 

He was fifteen, and a lot older than he had expected to be, when Louis had his first kiss. It had happened quickly, hardly lasting a moment, and by the time it was over, it was hard to believe it had happened at all. If it hadn't been for his heart, pounding in his throat, or the gulp of air left in his lungs (he had exhaled like a swimmer left underwater without any way of getting out), he would have thought he'd daydreamed the whole thing. There was nothing to savor when it was over, only the way the hairs on his arms stood; and despite the boiling heat there had been chills on his legs, and a tickle at the base of his spine.

 

It happened in his backyard. It had been summer, but class hadn't ended yet; and with the hot sun burning down, blindingly white on fresh cut grass, he and Zayn had been sat in the shade of Louis's back patio, boiling in their school clothes. There were sodas on the table, sweaty with condensation, leaving rings on the dark wood his mum would later hassle him over. And Louis, sweaty, red faced and miserable, had been mentioning a movie he'd watched the night before with his parents. It was something about long distance love, two people unable to see each other whenever they wanted, and he, unsure how that could be so terrible. If one had never touched someone before, how could one know what one was missing? Zayn, frustrated by his ignorance, had matter-of-factly stated that it wasn't the touching that meant so much, but the ability to touch whenever one needed it most.

 

That's why it hurts