amusing.  Besides the idea of telling something so personal to anyone, even Dumbledore, made Snape sick to his stomach.  After debating with himself, going over what he would say again and again until he felt he’d got it right, he slammed the book that he had been trying to read shut and marched out of his chambers, his robe flying behind him.  He was resolved to go to her rooms and demand an explanation.  ‘I will not kiss her again,’ he vowed while dashing up the stairs, his hands clenching convulsively.  But his tongue snaked out, unbidden, to lick his lips as he arrived outside her door and raised his hand to knock.

Hermione had decided to draw herself a bath once she got back to her room.  Dumbledore had let her stay in her private rooms, which she’d received as Head Girl the previous year, and now she was extremely grateful for the large claw footed tub.  Although the potion had done wonders on her skin, she was still overheated from being in the sun all day.  ‘My visit to Snape’s dungeon certainly didn’t cool me off either,’ she giggled.  She couldn’t help but be extremely proud of herself for flustering the Potions Master like that.  Hermione was feeling extremely mischievous and adventuresome now; every inch the Gryffindor.  

After drawing a cool bath, she retrieved her book from the bedside table, undressed, and lowered herself into the delicious water.  She sighed deeply and lay her head back resting her eyes, still giggling over the incident with Snape.  After a few minutes, Hermione's deep breathing signaled that she had fallen asleep.  

Snape stood outside knocking on Hermione’s door for several minutes.  At first he was just annoyed at being ignored but then, when he pressed his ear to the door, and heard water quietly dripping, he became worried.  ‘What the hell is she doing in there?’ he fumed.  He found the door unlocked when he tried the latch and, telling himself he was merely concerned for her safety, realizing what a hypocrite he was being invading someone’s privacy like this when he treasured his own so dearly, he entered the room.  She wasn’t in the main sitting area or the bedroom.  

He called out, “Ms. Granger are you here?” and then noticed that the bathroom door was slightly ajar.  He stepped to the door and pushed it open, calling out her name again before peeking into the room.  Snape gasped quietly as his eyes fell on a naked Hermione, lounging in the tub, her breasts bobbing gently above the water and one shapely leg thrown over the side.  He swallowed hard and clenched his hands on the door, knowing he should leave but suddenly locked in place.  His gasp alerted Hermione to his presence and her eyes flew open, she gave out a frightened squeak and her eyes locked on his before Snape was able to duck back around the door and lean against the supporting wall breathing heavily.  

He heard Hermione stand up out of the tub, trying not to imagine the water sliding down her naked skin.  He continued to take deep breaths, his eyes locked on the door, willing his feet to move.  It was as if he were frozen to the spot, as though he had been cursed.  He listened, helpless, as Hermione moved around in the bathroom and finally he heard her steps moving toward him.  Hermione stepped out of the bathroom, a crimson robe wrapped haphazardly around her wet frame, her eyes wide and mouth slightly agape.  “What the hell are you doing here?” she bellowed while clutching the robe to her chest.

“Ms. Granger, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean anything…I knocked and you didn’t answer,” he stuttered.  “I was concerned for your safety,” he finally managed to spit out. 

Hermione quirked an eyebrow at him “I was taking a bath,” she said quietly by way of explanation.

“Yes I saw…  I mean I’ll just go.  I see that you are fine; excuse me.”  Snape finally managed to find the willpower to move his feet and he started for the door.

He stopped, his hand on the door, as Hermione asked smoothly, “Did you need something then?  Or are you in the habit of making the rounds of the school and checking on the occupants?”

Snape turned around, a slight blush on his face, ready to throw back some acidic response when he saw that her robe had fallen open slightly.  His eyes locked on the swell of her breasts, the nipples hidden just below the neck of her robe and pressed his lips tightly together to steady himself.  ‘She’s doing this on purpose,’ he thought.  Well if that’s how she wanted things, he could give as good as he got, “I wanted to discuss what happened down in my chambers,” he murmured, allowing his eyes to openly rake over her exposed skin.

Hermione blushed slightly and raised a hand to her throat, suddenly feeling quite exposed, “Oh that.  Well, I was just thanking you for the potion; that’