and kept walking forward, but then stopped when she heard Adrien's footsteps increase. He stopped nearly a foot in front of her, arm poised out so she could loop hers around his. He was silently asking to escort her. Dork.

"No," she refused his generous boyfriendly offer. "I'm mad at you."

"You aren't," he argued, jaw dropping in exaggeration as she walked past him.

"Mari," he groaned, now realizing that he had made her angry, even if it was only a little bit.

"What is it, cat?" She responded. His ears turned pink in the slightest and he shook his head.

"Don't say that here," he told her shortly, before moving to catch up with her. 'Put your arm on your hip."

"What? Why?"

"Just do it."

"I don't trust you, Adrien." Marinette grumbled, but still complied, shifting her fist onto the curve of her hip.

Adrien grinned. "And rightly so."

In a half second, he slipped his arm under her own and tightened it, earning the proper escort he had been denied earlier.

"I…should've seen that coming." Marinette said, deflated, as she subtly glared at her boyfriend's cheeky grin.

"A princess must always be escorted by her prince," he smarted. She had half a mind to smack him in the back of the head.

"I can't believe I was obsessed with you." She grumbled absent-mindedly, no longer protesting his charade of being an escort.

"You were what now?"

Marinette froze. She…just said that out loud, didn't she?

"Um…nothing…"

"Obsessed?"

"No, that's really-"

"With little old me?"

"Oh god." Marinette moaned, realizing her mistake far, far too late.

"You had a crush on me?"

Marinette sighed heavily. "We've been over this, Adrien. I may have had a small crush on you, you know, before…well, before…"

"That's really embarrassing." He admitted. She pressed her hand to his cheek and forced him to look in the direction away from her.

Hardly accepting her resistance, he leaned forward and maneuvered his foot in front of her, just in the perfect position for tripping.

Of course, Marinette noticed this at the exact moment it was too late.

"Adri-" his name fell from her lips as her face fell to the floor, a result of his strategically placed foot.

Before she could smack against the floor and severely wound her pride, (and probably her nose as well), Adrien swooped his arms down and heroically caught her like he had done it millions of times before.

"I saved you, princess."

"You tripped me-"

"Irrelevant. I still saved you." He sassed. Marinette glowered. He still had her entrapped in a dipped back position, like he had just finished rescuing her from a less-than-elegant trip. Which, he technically had, although Marinette liked to think that it didn't count as heroic considering he was the reason she fell in the first place.

"You're…impossible," she breathed out, eyebrows scrunching up together in frustration. He just looked so damned proud of himself.

Just when she was about to regain her balance and composure, Adrien leaned forward, just enough so that their foreheads were touching. She could feel the heat between them and did everything in her power to avoid eye contact.

"Don't be so nervous," he coached her softly, using his free hand that wasn't balancing her back to move a small piece of hair away from her eyes.

"I-I'm not," she lied terribly. She was certain her face was as red as Tikki.

He smirked. "Can I kiss you?"

Marinette blinked. Was he only asking because they were still at school and she was skittish about PDA, or because he thought she was nervous?

"I-I mean, I guess," she mumbled, trying not to sound at all excited, or else he'd surely find some way to tease her for it.

"Nice to see your enthusiasm," he spoke sarcastically, before inching forward, eyes narrowed and dangerously green. Marinette allowed her eyes to flutter shut in anticipation, his kisses always made her knees weak, it was a good thing that he was the one who was holding her up, otherwise she might just-

"Oh my god you guys, really? Have a little restraint, jeez."

At the sound of Nino's voice, Adrien momentarily lost his grip on Marinette's back and watched her topple backwards onto the floor, hitting it with a solid thump. There was one way to ruin the mood.

Another good way to ruin the mood was to fall directly on top of her, which, lucky for Adrien, was exactly what happened.

Nino burst into obnoxious laughter at the sight of the misshapen couple, which was soon joined by