the situation. He volunteered.

Right, John. Repeat that for long enough and you might even start to believe it yourself.

John wants to hit something. For a moment, he considers asking Ronon to go spar with him, but the way he feels right now, wildly out of control, it's probably not a good idea. Instead, he claps Ronon's shoulder and manouvres past him, runs back to his room with the adrenaline coursing through his veins, making him a little nauseous.

He jumps into the shower, hoping the hot water will help him relax a little. Instead, it almost makes it worse, shuts the rest of the world out so the only thing he can think of is the life draining out of Wallace's body, and the half grateful, half horrified look on Rodney's face when he realised what John had done.

I presented the situation. He volunteered.

When Rodney knocks on the door a little while later, John almost doesn't open it, feels brittle like the thin ice that forms on the puddles in the autumn, like he'd shatter from a single touch. But if he doesn't open it, Rodney will find a way in like he always does. The same way he's managed to get past John's defenses until life without him has become an impossibility.

Rodney's in civvies and he's holding a DVD case to keep their cover story plausible. He pauses in the doorway, studies John and then says, for the second time that day, "Are you sure you're okay?"

"I'm fine," John repeats. The blood is buzzing in his ears, his chest is tightening until it feels like he can't breathe. His fingers are cold.

Rodney gives John his 'Yeah, right'-look. "Yes, because you look perfectly fine. Not at all like you've seen a ghost or something. Seriously, if you don't want to do this we can call it off. I mean, it's not like..."

John thinks the door shut and then he's pushing Rodney up against it, trying to touch everywhere at once, using his mouth to shut him up. It's rough, almost desperate, like he's trying to crawl inside Rodney, feel Rodney's warmth, put his mark on him.

Rodney breaks away, staring at him, panting, "John, are you..."

"Fuck me," John growls. He needs Rodney inside him, needs it more than he's ever needed anything or anyone in his life. Skin against skin, breath against breath, Rodney moving inside him, filling him up, cementing the bond between them.

"John..." Rodney begins, but John pushes him towards the bed, down on his back, and crawls on top. Rodney's shirt has too many buttons and he just wants to rip it off to get to Rodney's skin, his broad chest and his nipples. "Wait, wait a minute," Rodney protests. "Calm down a little, will you, we've got plenty of time. If you just..."

But it doesn't feel like they've got any time at all. If John lets go, Rodney will disappear, just slip away and never come back again unless John can get his cock inside and keep him here. He finally manages to get Rodney's clothes off and then his own and he reaches for the lube in the bedstand drawer, squirts it over his hands and uses it to slick Rodney up and jerk him to full hardness. Rodney groans and squirms underneath him, hands pawing at John's shoulders and arms, trying to slow him down. He's trying to say something, but John leans forward and silences him by taking his mouth again.

He reaches behind him to get Rodney lined up against his hole and then pushes back, feeling Rodney's cock press inside. No prep at all and it hurts enough to bring tears to his eyes but it's good, so good. When he looks down, Rodney eyes are wide open and he's whispering, "John, don't... you'll hurt yourself..."

John starts rocking against him, wants Rodney deeper, wants to swallow him up. "I'm fine," he says again. Repeats it like a mantra, like another one of those things he can convince himself of if he just tries hard enough. "I'm fine. Come on, fuck me."

He rolls his hips in that way Rodney likes, feels Rodney's cock press against his prostate, hot and hard, and he bites his lower lip so hard he can taste blood. Rodney's hands settle on his hips, try to hold him still, but John won't have it, keeps up the pace.

"Come on," he grunts. "Come on, come on, I'm fine, come on..."

Throws his head back, he's nowhere close to coming, but it doesn't