only asked me questions about who he was and what was wrong. They couldn’t confirm what it was but one of the nurses said it could be-“

“Family of Mr. Malik, I assume?”

“Yes.” Louis was the first to answer, staring up at the doctor with panic in his eyes. Nobody could really blame him; they were in a hospital. It scared him to death that Zayn, their Zayn, needed to be here. The doctor, a woman who looked to be in her thirties, smiled softly at the worry on all of their faces. There was a clipboard in her hands, but whatever was on it, they couldn’t see.

“My name is Rebecca Sorrell; I’m Dr. Hean’s assistant. I’m sure you all must have some questions about Mr. Malik’s condition-“

“Can we see him?” Harry interrupted, blushing when he realized how rude it seemed. Mrs. Sorrell didn’t seem to mind but shook her head. “Mr.Malik is currently being prepared for his appendectomy and won’t be able to have guests for a few hours, I’m afraid.”

“His what?” Niall asked with a frown.

“Appendectomy, it’s the removal of his appendix. It seems that it has recently become inflamed; had you come a day later it would have most likely burst.”

“H-His appendix was going to burst?” Harry asked with a frown, never actually hearing about an appendix before. Mrs. Sorrell nodded, looking over when the doors to the hospital opened the reveal several more people. Liam waved them over when he saw it was their band and some of their security members.

“The appendix is a small pouch attached to the large intestine, and as far as research shows, it isn’t necessary to live. There seems to be no reason for it, actually. I had a feeling it would be appendicitis when I heard about his condition. Just to be sure, though, we used an X-Ray to show us a more detailed picture of his appendix.”

She passed the clipboard around the large group of people that had arrived for Zayn, none of them exactly knowing what they were looking at. Mrs. Sorrell, however, seemed to know everything about it. “The appendix is very small and found here, by the large intestine,” she pointed it out for everyone to see,” and as you can see, it looks almost swollen. Within the next, I would say, 24 hours, it would have ruptured. This would spill inflammatory fluids into his abdominal cavity, which would put him more at risk. It’s great that he was brought in now; the appendix may not be necessary, but if untreated, this could be fatal.”

The silence that followed was almost deafening.

“The appendectomy will start shortly. It’s a very simple procedure; we need to make an incision in the lower right abdomen, where the appendix will be removed, and then stitch him back up.”

“How long will this take?” Paul asked. No matter if they were blood or not, these boys were his sons, and one of them was in the emergency room right now. He’s been treated for something that could be fatal.

“Two hours at the most, though we recommend Mr. Malik stay overnight. Dr. Hean will speak to your more on what to do after his surgery is complete. Don’t worry; Mr. Malik will be fine, though he will be unconscious after the appendectomy is over. If everything goes as plan, Mr. Malik will be ready to leave tomorrow.”

It was the most stressful two hours of their lives. Paul and Lou had insisted on staying through the entire procedure, and there was no way the boys were going to leave until they knew Zayn was okay. The silence that filled the small, mostly empty waiting room made Louis squirm in his seat.

“How are the fans?” Harry asked Paul with a frown, guilty that they had just gone up and left. They hadn’t even gotten halfway through their show. Though considering the reasons for leaving, he only wished that they had left sooner.

“Currently leaving the stadium. We’re trying to plan another show in two days, sorry to mess up your week break.” Liam shook his head, leaning forward so his elbows were rested on his knees, head cradled in his hands.

“I could care less about the break. Appendicitis, you heard her, it could be fatal.” The others stayed quiet, and it chilled both Lou and Paul to the bones to see their usual loud, chaotic boys so…paralyzed.

xxx

It was the longest two hours of their lives.

Lou had stayed for the first hour before she had to leave; Tom had called and was having trouble with putting Lux to bed. She promised the boys that things would be fine and to give Zayn her best regards before leaving.

Paul left soon after her due to complications with evacuating the fans from the stadium. He didn’