and sometimes in the middle of a busy shopping center so everyone can stop and stare and remember him as “the boy who went crazy and offed himself in the middle of a shopping center.”

At least he’d be remembered that way. Harry will move on, forget him, and never come back to this cherry tree again because there’s nothing here for him anymore.

Now that’s cocky, thinking that he actually is the reason he’s here.

No one is here for him and never will be. Not really.

“Hug me?” Louis asks suddenly.

Harry does.

 

“I want to disintegrate into nothing.” Louis states one day under the cherry tree.

Harry nods, “I understand. That’s very poetic, but not really possible. If you were to die, I think you’d do it quietly, personally. Maybe when you die, I’ll get your ashes and make you believe you disengrated into nothing as I spread your ashes on the sea so you can be one with the shoreline.”

Louis just looks at him as she speaks. Harry has such beautiful brown curls, always being illuminated by the sunlight making him look like he’s glowing. Louis has a thought in his mind that if he were to stare at Harry in the dark, under this tree, would he look like he’s one with the stars? What if he exploded millions of years ago and the reason Louis can see him is because it hasn’t reached here yet.

A star boy. A reflection of what he once was.

Harry is sad just like him, yet Louis stopped glowing years ago. How do sad boys keep their glow? He may never be alive long enough to know.

“And you call me poetic. At least that sounds better than getting eaten by maggots. And quietly you say? I’m not sure. Maybe I’ll shoot myself in a bathtub, let my brains paint the walls red. Let my family find me, maybe I’d haunt the place long enough to see how relieved they’d be.”

Harry laughs. He’s always found sick shit funny. Some would call him a little psychotic.

Not Louis, he just calls him Harry the Star Boy.

“Too messy. I feel like you’re the type that doesn’t want to be remembered, just vanish like you never existed. Blood on a white bath tub would leave a stain. They’d have to replace it, but just having a new one would remind them. Maybe hang yourself? Maybe hang yourself here, under this cherry tree. I’d find you; maybe I’d kiss your forehead, maybe put you in something and let your body float down river like they used to do.” Harry says, picking at the grass below him.

“Someone would find me that way. I want to vanish, remember?”

“I wouldn’t let anyone find you…” Harry states, leaning over and kissing Louis’ forehead so lightly that he barely could feel it.

But maybe he could live just one more day.

“Stay alive for me a little bit longer.” Harry says.

Louis nods. Anything for the star boy.

 

Today is a bad day for Louis. He has days where he is so fucking sad that he can’t take it anymore. It feels like he’s suffocating on the air that’s meant to keep him alive and he wishes more than anything it’d just kill him, betray him and just let him die instead.

But it doesn’t, it just keeps torturing him.

He goes back to the cherry tree and cries, and of course Harry is there. He’s always there.

“I’ll be happy enough for the both of us.” He whispers as he holds Louis close to him, playing with his hair in hopes of calming down the tide that is Louis’ tears.

Louis just smiles bitterly, “Harry, there’s no one in the world that could be happy enough for the both of us.”

Harry nods like he usually does, validating. Always validating.

“But I’m not sad enough to where I want to die. You on the other hand, I’m not sure how much longer you can hold on.”

The silence that settles is eerie, the perfect setting for it to be said.

“I love you, Harry.” He whispers it to the wind, wishing that it would carry the words away with it but instead it rushes right into Harry’s ears, cradling it softly and making sure he heard it loud and clear because it’d never be said again.

Harry understands this, “I love you too, Louis.”

 

They kiss for the first time under the cherry tree, this time it’s close to dusk. They never stay out late enough for the day to turn into night, so they get up to leave. The moment those lips leave Harry’s, the feeling of dread comes back and he wonders if he can hold on until tomorrow.

Tomorrow he will see