and leaned into the touch.
“get dressed and come downstairs... the whole pack is worried and... you beat the crap out of scott.” derek chuckled. Stiles' eyes grew wide.
“oh shit... he's going to kill me.” stiles whined.
“he wont... they'll all be too shit scared of you.” derek tried holding his face normal and then he laughed. Stiles slowly started chuckling but then he laughed. Derek helped a shaky stiles up and tried taking peter from him. Stiles let out a whine and held onto peter, tightly.
“sorry! Sorry... I wont take him.” derek said gently. They walked to his and derek's room and stiles put on derek's undies, sweats and a shirt. Derek left the room and came back with clothes for peter. Little black sweats and a grey hoodie. Stiles chuckled.
“what?” derek asked.
“dude, he's a baby... grim reaper is not his colour scheme anymore.” stiles said and shrugged.
“i got some clothes and a carseat, you can go buy the rest when you feel better.” derek shrugged. They walked downstairs. 

In the living room. Isaac sat cleaning scott's face, jackson was holding his hand and erica was being cradled by boyd. When stiles came in the room holding a baby they all frowned and when they smelled that the baby was peter, their eyes grew wide.
“what happened to peter?” isaac broke the silence. Derek motioned for stiles to sit down. Stiles nodded but he felt a nervous pang. Stiles sat down and tried calming down peter who was a bit fussy sensing the nervous tension in the room.
“peter accepted a gift from an old friend for a second chance. And... well, since... ugh.”
“use your words, Derek.” stiles said after a pause putting his hand on derek's knee.
“stiles is alpha mate.” derek said, stiles chuckled.
“apparently, any cubs in the pack are my babies... I feel overly protective of them. Thats why I wailed on scott... sorry about that... in my defence I did warn you.” stiles looked sorry, scott was about to say something when erica spoke.
“he did warn you, Mcall. I heard... even though i'm a bit shook up that I got manhandled I cant say I blame him. You provoked an alpha mate with a cub. Thats like... poking an angry bear with a stick.” everyone was staring at erica.
“what? I read about wolves and deaton explained it to me when I told him I kissed derek.” erica shrugged.
“so... stillinski is on mommy steroids.” jackson threw in from his seat.
“and peter got a second chance. Because you assholes were upsetting the balance.” stiles was glaring at them.
“what balance?” scott spoke from next to isaac.
“peter is pack. No matter what he did. I'm actually ashamed of you guys. You of all people, scott. You betrayed us in the worst way. And you treated peter like a leper. You even insinuated he would molest isaac.” stiles accused. Scott tried to protest.
“no!” stiles held up a hand.
“peter forgave you, I forgave you... I dont know about derek and the rest of the pack and I dont care. I'm furious. I'm so hurt. I'm beyond hurt. You were all born human and the thing that makes us human is forgiveness. Even derek didnt treat peter the way you did and peter... did what he did. You've all had your heads so far up your asses. Erica and scott, you ran away... granted, you had your reasons, but still, derek took you back, open arms. Jackson, you were the kanima. You killed people, regardless that you were being controlled by whoever. Derek begged chris not to kill you. Do you know how much coaxing it took us to convince chris? A lot! A whole lot. Peter did what he did when he was out of his mind! He was unable to move his body or even speak for six year, six years all he could do was relive a horrible experience in his mind. But you blame him for it.” stiles scolded them all.
“what about lydia?” jackson started.
“jacks, if you had the chance to live again and you could take that chance, would you?” stiles asked.
“yes, but-”
“no... no buts. You would. You selfish spoiled brat jackson i'm-fucking-perfection whittmore, you would grab at it with both hands. So shut up. All of you. Shut up. Isaac is the only one i'm not scolding here... well, maybe a bit because you never did anything to defend the man who calms you down at night when you have nightmares.” stiles continues his rant.
“this explains why you are so protective over him...” derek shot from next to stiles.
“what do you mean?” stiles asked.
“because