up inside, his uncertainty clouding his mind, hurting Niall as well, trying to figure himself out. 

“We can’t be together.” Niall whispered, that broken sound forcing Zayn to clench his teeth, trying hard not to bite his tongue off because he knew he was the cause of that shattered voice. He was the culprit of his sorrow, that anguish, but Zayn knew he couldn’t say he was his. He just couldn’t...

“Yeah, and we know it's for the better, but-”

“You can't just have me whenever you want anymore either.” He broke in, and Zayn grew quiet quickly, staring down at the blonde, who looked like he could burst into tears at any minute, and now he was wishing he never opened his damn mouth. He sighed, and squeezed Niall’s hand tight, pulling his head back for only a moment to see his face, before he leaned down, gently placing a loving kiss upon his forehead. 

These words were shattering him, bringing back those feelings he disposed of. They were prying him open, finding those unwanted emotions. Zayn’s careful yet vice grips on his body were bringing back those silly memories of their happier times, where Niall thought he found someone to be content with. 

But he could never forget the way he dumped Niall to the curb, and left him there to beg and plead for months. He broke him so instantly, and never even tried to put him back together. Now he just brushed his remaining pieces back and forth, playing with the shards. 

“I-I know and this sucks-” Zayn tried to speak, but Niall grimaced and stopped him once again.

“You shouldn't give a shit less about me, I shouldn’t about you but I still- I still..” He couldn’t finish his sentence, knowing saying I still love you would prove he was weak, that he was unable to move on, and maybe it was the truth, but he didn’t have to admit it. 

He didn’t want to bring himself that low. And with Zayn’s wide eyes staring down at him, waiting for those words, he closed his own, shutting him out, not wanting him to see inside of his every thought and every emotion. 

Only Zayn wasn’t going to let him hide, as he continued to touch Niall’s body so delicately, like he would break under his fingers if he pressed too hard at this moment, completely different than the harsh grip he was used to.

“You're wrong about that.” His words deliberate and slow, making sure Niall caught every syllable, “I want you, but I can’t have you, I would hurt you even more than I am now.”

“You could have gave us a chance.” He whispered, opening his eyes to connect with the one’s above him, pulling his hand from Zayn’s now, slowly allowing himself to finally touch the boy leaning over him. “And maybe this wouldn’t have to hurt so much.”

He let the blonde stroke his fingers against his cheek, feeling him slightly shaking beneath him. He felt the memory being drawn out of him, of all the many times he had Niall in this position, as he absentmindedly trailed his fingers over his jaw line and his cheeks. 

Niall had always said he was too gorgeous for his own good, causing that shy smile to tug at his lips. But he shook his head, gripping Niall’s wrist, halting him, causing the blonde to blink back utterly confused. 

“I didn't want to get too attached.” He confessed, his gaze darting to the side,
“And I saw you already were.”

“Why was it such a bad thing?” He questioned, clearly distressed. 

“I wasn't good for you. And I never will be.” He told him firmly, his eyes hard making Niall flinch as his grip tightened on his wrist. He didn’t need Niall to argue like usual, he didn’t want him fighting back with his useless words. He just needed to understand that Zayn and his future held weak promises and broken hearts.

“It's a shit excuse.” He sighed out anyway, knowing that if Zayn truly did love him like he claimed he did, he would try and change. He would better himself, but Niall understood he wasn’t important enough to him, or he would have. 

He would tell him why things couldn’t be perfect between them, why Zayn couldn’t love Niall like he did him. He would inform him of how he felt and what was going on inside of his mind, and notify him on why they couldn’t be together. But he was kept in the dark, still not knowing who exactly Zayn Malik was. And he loathed him for that.

“I can’t be with you.” Zayn said, leaning down closer to him, their noses brushing against each others, and Niall’s heart was threatening to stop beating again.