The wolf huffed again and walked over to stand above the cackling human. Yuuichirou laughed harder. 


 


He really had lost it.



The yellow wolf seemed to have had enough of his noise, because the creature lowered his head to lick Yuuichirou from jaw to temple. From the way the wolf looked at Yuuichirou afterward, the action had clearly been designed to turn the racket off. 


 


It was partially successful. 


 


Yuuichirou didn’t have enough control over himself to be completely quiet, but he was able to tone the hysterics down to quiet chuckles. If he was going to be eaten, at least the thing eating him was funny. 


 


The golden wolf was not amused. 


 


The raven-haired guard was still chuckling when he felt the beast step over him, and bend down to grasp his collar in between his sharp teeth. This set Yuuichirou off again, because he was now being dragged backwards through the forest, by the biggest wolf he’d ever seen, all on the day of his betrothal. 


 


His laughter jerked in time with the tugs from the wolf. 


 


The ground beneath his cloak eventually changed, and Yuuichirou realized the wolf was dragging him into some type of cave. His laughter died off, as he remembered exactly how much danger he was in right now.


 


But, as soon as they were out of the wind, the wolf released him and stepped away.


 


Yuuichirou cautiously sat up, so that he could see where the beast had wandered off to, only to be met the glowing red eyes, not twelve inches from his face. The wolf had settled down on his haunches and was staring curiously at the human. 


 


Said human swallowed. “Um… Thank you… for saving me, I mean. Um… Thanks!”


 


The wolf huffed in response, its hot breath fanning across Yuuichirou’s face. It leaned forward and licked the boy again. Yuuichirou sputtered trying to wipe the saliva off his cheek. Meanwhile, the wolf laid down, resting his head on his paws and innocently staring up at the human.


 


Yuuichirou rolled his eyes at this wild animal’s completely tame behavior. He wasn’t too worried about being eaten by the golden wolf anymore. He glanced behind him to the entrance of the cave. The forest was completely dark now. It would be too dangerous to try and find his way back. 


 


He turned back, to look at the wolf who was still watching him. The guard shook his raven hair and laid down next to the creature. 


 


“If you eat me in the middle of the night, I will come back and haunt you,” Yuuichirou warned,  “You’ll never have another decent meal because I’ll scare them all away.”


 


The wolf snorted and tried to lick him a third time, but Yuuichirou was ready, blocking with his arms. The wolf didn’t seem to like that very much and pounced, burying his long nose in the defensive ball that was Yuuichirou, licking and pawing at anything he could reach. 


 


After some intense wrestling, Yuuichirou lay panting on the floor, face having been licked multiple times, and the wolf’s head laying on the crook of his shoulder, humming. 


 


This whole situation was entirely too weird for Yuuichirou to process, so with the golden wolf’s hot breaths on his neck, the exhausted raven-haired guard gave up and let sleep overtake him.


 


When he woke, it was to golden fur rubbing his cheek.


So the wolf ended up with red eyes... cuz Vampire Mika has red eyes, and blue eyes on a wolf just seemed too obvious..

And cuddles with the puppy! Although don't cuddle with random giant wolves people!

Thank you everyone who came back for Chapter 2!


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


“I don’t suppose you know which way leads to the castle?”


 


Yuuichirou had just finished washing his face in the stream he’d found near the cave. The golden wolf had stayed the entire night. The beast radiated heat, most of which was conserved in that fluffy gold coat. Fortunately, the wolf didn’t mind that the human had unconsciously treated it as a fuzzy blanket, through the predawn cold. 


 


Those red eyes blinked tiredly at him. (It hadn’t taken long for Yuuichirou to realize the creature was not a morning wolf.) The wolf let out a massive yawn, pink tongue curling and a small whine escaping, before it shook itself to its feet and trotted off into the forest.


 


“Hey wait!”


 


The raven-haired knight hurried to catch up.


 


Yuuichirou wasn’t exactly sure where the wolf was leading him; if it was to its den or to the castle like he’d asked, but he didn’t have any better options. And the golden beast certainly wasn’t acting like a wild animal. 


 


Or slowing down. 


 


They wandered for nearly two hours, long enough for Yuuichirou to work up a decent sweat, before the wolf finally paused upon a tall outcropping. The human joined him to look down. At the exact castle town he’d fled from yesterday. 


 


“Holy crap! You found it!” Yuuichirou flung