. The crying halted for a moment, followed by a soft sniff and a tentative hello called out. The voice belonged to Tracer, and Widowmaker spotted her sitting on the floor, back facing the door. Her silhouette was framed by the moonlight and the soft glow of her chronal accelerator, arms wrapped tightly around her legs and pulling them closer to her chest. Her head was tilted towards the entrance in an attempt to see who was there.

“No use hiding, love,” her voice was shaking slightly. “You can come in.”

The door slid shut behind her as Widowmaker stepped forward. The younger woman’s face, now in her line of sight, was red and puffy. Tear streaks ran down her face, some fresher than others. She’d been crying for a while, only now having been caught. There was evidence of sleeplessness in her visage: black bags beneath her eyes, too tired to keep up with expressing any emotion. She certainly hadn’t been sleeping well for some time now. Days, maybe weeks.

“Can’t sleep?” Widowmaker prompted. Tracer stayed silent, running her thumbs over a small object in her hands. A minute passed before she spoke up.

“Just a nightmare, nothing I can’t handle. I’ll be fine, sorry to disturb you.” Her voice sounded firmer after having a minute to collect her thoughts, but it threatened to break at any moment. She refrained from looking at Widowmaker and instead attempted to busy herself with anything else. The usually chatty woman was now silent and sullen and few of words.

Widowmaker paused, weighing her options. She could have left, could have walked out, but curiosity kept her from exiting the room, leaving Tracer to deal with what was plaguing her alone. There was still a chance to back out, to listen to Tracer and leave without a second thought and nothing on her conscience. It would be all too easy to be gone and forget anything had ever happened. But those thoughts were pushed aside when she closed the distance between the two of them and sat down. Tracer stared, sadness replaced partially by confusion. Widowmaker refused to make eye contact, staring at the moon far off in the distance.

“Tell me about it.”

Tracer’s eyes widened. Her head dipped back down and she once again focused on the object. Looking closer, Widowmaker could see a small plane. A model of the Slipstream. She didn’t know much about it, only that it had been a prototype that Tracer had tested out during the early days of its development, and that it was why she relied on the contraption strapped to her body to remain in this time.

“They… happen quite often these days.” Tracer started out slowly. “They’d stopped for a while, but then the recall happened, and the memories came flooding back. Ever since, they’ve been getting worse, more frequent. I know they’re dreams, but it doesn’t make the fear any less real.

“Always the same thing I can see everyone. We’re all together, our little dysfunctional family. I can hear them, observe them. But never interact. They don’t notice me… I’m not real. I’m stuck chasing after them only to be invisible. And it changes, jumps around their timelines. I see their whole lives played out in the wrong order while unable to do anything about it. A literal ghost, not quite there but not gone either. And only when they’re gone, only when their time has run out and there’s nothing left, am I able to be real. And I’m scared. Terrified of that becoming a reality, that this thing on my chest will fail me and I’m gone before anyone can do anything about it, only to reappear somewhere else, having missed all their lives. I’ll cease to exist during their lifetime, only to come back when it’s all gone.”

Tracer stopped, choking back another sob. Widowmaker stayed silent, watching her carefully. She swallowed hard and wiped away the tears that had once again spilled over. “I have this,” she held up the Slipstream model. “It’s supposed to anchor me to the present, remind myself that I can feel things, that I haven’t disappeared. If I can hold it, interact with it, I’m here. I’m real. But that only works so much, you know? After a while, I start to wonder if I’ve just taken it with me.”

Tracer was finished, slipping the object into her jacket. Widowmaker stood up before she could change her mind. A memory had come back, and idea nagging at the forefront of her mind. Tracer didn’t move, no doubt expecting Widowmaker to leave without a word now that she’d heard her story. But she stood there, arm outstretched and palm up until Tracer noticed the lack of footsteps and glanced up. “Get up.”

Carefully, Tracer took Widowmaker’s