buddy?”

Derek bares his teeth at him in a sharp grin. “You’re standing in front of the refrigerator.”

Stiles glances over his shoulder and realizes he’s uncomfortably close to the sunflower macramé magnet Scott made for his mom in first grade. “Oh,” he says and staggers sideways and out of the way. Derek opens the refrigerator and pulls out a sparkling water with exaggerated movements, his eyebrows high on his forehead the whole time.

Stiles rolls his eyes. “Yeah, big win there.”

Derek takes the most sarcastic sip of fake grapefruit flavored carbonated water Stiles has ever seen, and Lydia practically inhales the stuff.

Holding his (soda-filled) hands up in mock surrender, Stiles backs into the living room to find everyone studiously not looking at him. Except for Lydia, who has her hand out imperiously to accept her water with her patented “You’re an idiot” expression on her face. Stiles slides into the spot Derek vacated and wraps an arm firmly around her waist, relishing in the warmth of her seeping into his side. When Derek sits back down next to him, the werewolf doesn’t make any pretense about giving him space, and Stiles finds himself snuggly sandwiched between the guy he just boned and the girl he still on occasion wishes he could be boning. Part of him thrills in being smothered in the warmth of pack, but another part of him can only focus on how each person is half of the relationship he wishes he could somehow find with someone at the same time.

The tension must win out, because Lydia threads her fingers through his and gives them a squeeze, and Derek turns his mouth toward his ear and murmurs, “Relax.” Amazingly, he does.

———

And so Derek’s part of the pack. He helps them bust up supernatural tomfoolery around town, gets worked into the patrol rotation Lydia manages, shows up for movie night, and picks up Melissa from her shift at the hospital once when Scott has to borrow the car for the day. He also turns up at Stiles’s house with takeout when his dad’s on shift and fucks him against the wall and later lets Stiles blow him in the shower. And Stiles would wonder, except he also hears about the “yoga sessions” he has with Danny over at Danny’s place, and he notices the way Derek will bump shoulders with Scott when they stand side by side and how he’ll grip Isaac’s shoulder as he passes him. He tucks Lydia’s hand into his elbow when they go shopping for a few more odds and ends for his apartment, and he offers a Allison a piggyback ride back to the cars after she pulls a hamstring running down a stray brownie in the woods. There’s a lot of physicality going on, is what he’s saying. And, yes, the rest of them hang all over each other, but they’ve had over a year and a half to figure out how they fit and to settle into each other’s pockets. For Derek, it’s like he’s just been waiting for the excuse, like it’s a relief. Stiles gets that; he gets a little touch-starved himself sometimes when his dad takes back-to-back double shifts, and Scott is tied up (sometimes literally?) with Isaac and Allison, and Lydia is being guilt-napped to somewhere expensive by her parents for a long weekend, and Danny’s wrapped up in either his boyfriend or code (or both—they’re working on some hush-hush, no-doubt 100 percent legal project together and it’s fucking adorable). Coming off a stretch of days like those, Stiles will seek out the nearest available pack member and drape himself over them like an obnoxious cape, deaf to all protests that you’re too tall for this, Stiles, I don’t have werewolf strength, Stiles, fucking Christ your hands are cold get them out from under my shirt, Stiles. Anyway, he knows about that, and he can respect it. He can also respect that for Derek Poor Dating Choices Hale it must be a little fabulous to have six trustworthy, willing bed partners and all the totally-not-weird pack-bonding excuses one could want to get his freak on. It puts the half-empty bottle of lube and lonely condom into new perspective. And even though Stiles kind of wants to claw his own face off a bit every time Derek smiles into a kiss, he’s a mature enough individual to gracefully accept what’s on offer without getting (too) bitter about what isn’t.

“He does have great hands,” he tells Isaac, resigned. “That tattoo is nice,” he says to Scott. “All the appeals to higher powers,” he assures Danny, and “Werewolf stamina, amirite,” to the girls with a hand up for a high five. Allison dimples and indulges him, but Lydia just narrows her eyes and twirls a lock of hair. Maybe the painted-on enthusiasm is a bit too over the top, especially for Lydia