as if she dared him to say something about it. He didn't. He didn't say a word. Just pulled the door closed and thanked the powers that be that Morgana would never see this dump of a flat or the worthless loser who called himself her boyfriend ever again. 

When dawn broke, they had left the city limits behind, and grey streets gave way to quaint rows of houses and finally to trees. There wasn't much talk between the three of them, and they only stopped once, at a rest stop where Merlin bought them all coffee and stale sandwiches for breakfast.

While he was gone, Morgana raised her head from Arthur's shoulder and gave him a searching look. “He seems nice,” she said a little begrudging.

“He is. I wouldn't have known what to do, if he hadn't offered to come.”

“Are you two...?”

Arthur felt his face heat up, and he opened his mouth, ready to deny what Morgana was implicating, but what came out of his mouth instead was, “I don't know. I don't know whether he'd even want that.”

“But you do?”

Arthur hadn't really allowed himself to truly contemplate that. It was hard to fight the images inside his head when he touched himself at night, or to stop his eyes from being drawn to Merlin's mouth whenever they were together, but that was it—a fantasy. But as he stared out through the windscreen at Merlin, who was just coming down the stairs from the shop, trying to balance a tray of paper cups full of coffee and a stack of food, it suddenly seemed absurd to deny it.

Morgana gave Arthur the side-eye while topping off her glass from the decanter on the side table. "You know, there is no actual law excluding the monarch from the pursuit of happiness. Just because your father was like an all-year-around Grinch—"

"There really is no way for you to end that sentence that would make me feel better, thank you very much."

"For Christ's sake, Arthur!" Morgana rolled her eyes in exasperation. "When was the last time you took a risk?"

Arthur opened his mouth to protest—he'd seen action during his military service as a fighter pilot, thank you very much—but Morgana cut across him.

"For yourself. For something you wanted. Admit it, coming to get me was the most reckless thing you have ever done."

Arthur didn't object, even though Morgana was wrong. Coming to get her had not been what was reckless, it had been what came after, when they drove all the way down to the coast and the cottage that had once belonged to his mother.

Arthur had not been there since they were children, but it was still the same. Made of grey stone, it sat at the end of an overgrown path, nestled against the dunes and surrounded by dog roses. The sea, visible from the wide living-room windows, lay grey and forbidding under the stormy winter sky, but there was a raw and familiar beauty to it all that felt incredibly soothing.

Later that afternoon, when Morgana fell asleep on the couch, Arthur spread a blanket over her and then signalled for Merlin to join him as he stepped out into the pale sunlight that was fighting it's way through the clouds. They made their way down to the beach and strolled along the shoreline, mostly in silence, the collars of their coats turned up against the wind.

“I wanted to thank you,” Arthur said after a while, looking out to the blurry line of the horizon. “For your help and... for not asking any questions. I know you didn't sign up for this kind of drama and I basically bullied you—“

“Arthur.” Merlin grabbed his arm and pulled him to a halt. “Shut up, okay? You didn't bully me into anything. I offered. I'm glad if I could help. I'll always want to help you if I can.”

Arthur looked down at where Merlin's fingers wrapped around his elbow, and then up to his face. “Why? Why would you want to—“

Merlin huffed. “Are you really going to make me say it?”

“Say what?”

“Okay.” Merlin ran a hand through his hair, glancing at his feet for a moment. “Geez, this is embarrassing.” When he looked up again he met Arthur's eyes with a determined expression. “I like you, okay? I mean... we're friends, or at least I hope we're friends—“

“Of course we're friends!”

“—but that's not the only thing I want us to be. And I know it's stupid of me to think I'd ever have a chance—and I guess, I don't really—but you can hardly blame me for falling in love with you when you're so completely and perfectly... you.”

Arthur stared