twirled and fussed with. 

Levi's exploration always ended near Erwin's ear, final touches curling behind it before he would sigh, close his book with a dramatic yawn to signal bedtime. Erwin always complied. 

It had been the same for weeks, give or take the odd occasion where one would work late or social events demanded their presence, but otherwise they played out sedate evenings in a similar fashion. Only tonight did that veer slightly off course and Levi frowned, staring up at Erwin as they stood brushing their teeth, his slightly confused gaze travelling to Erwin's tufty appearance. 

"Why is your hair so fucking messy?" 

Erwin shook his head kindly and rushed through the mouthwash stage, spitting with precision before throwing an arm around Levi's pyjama-clad shoulders, squeezing him sideways for a hug and smiling into the mirror. 

"I don't know. I rather like it, though." 

"Why? You look homeless." 

Levi smirked and walked to bed, thinking about nothing but curling up against Erwin's chest and his husband followed, muttering quietly. 

"I always feel at home when I'm with you."

Tumblr prompt "I know we're friends but, will you pretend to be my date?"

"I know we're friends but…"

Levi zoned out on the rest of that request, one acidic word making his skin crawl with need. It was surprising that he hadn't torn his flesh to shreds by now, used dull nails to rip himself apart every single time he had to look at Erwin. Erwin. His best friend. His everything. The man he adored so fucking much that it hurt all the way from Levi's back teeth down to his heels. 

Friends. Such a crass tag for what they were. 

Or at least in Levi's opinion, anyway. He stood in his dorm room packing up the last remnants of college life, no more pictures, a few personal effects remaining and he stuffed a fistful of half-chewed pencils into the trash bag a little too violently, one sharp lead piercing Levi's palm. The bright pain dulled his other ache and he concentrated on the small bead of crimson, let it grow to become too large to contain itself before spilling the red liquid down in a thin trail. 

Erwin's voice vaguely broke through and Levi looked up, finally acknowledging his presence. 

"Did…did you hear me, Levi?" 

"No." 

It seemed that the flame Levi carried for Erwin also held a dampening mechanism, years of companionship muted by rudeness and Levi used it to protect himself, kept his heart from being mangled. 

"Oh. Well, I said that…" Erwin fidgeted and fussed, sensible clothing messed with and he resented having to speak it again, the adrenaline now wearing off to leave fear in it's wake. "We're friends, right?" 

"Yes, Erwin." 

Friends. 

"…could you, um. I mean…" 

"What is it?" Levi spat the question out and instantly regretted it, the end of their education together after all these years making him spikier than usual and he sighed, leaning one elbow on the counter with apology in his gaze and a softer tone. "You can ask me anything, you idiot." 

Erwin smiled, fake happiness stretched across his face and he gulped, dreading what his next utterance could do to them. 

"Could you pretend to be my date tonight?" 

If a pin dropped now they would both have been able to hear it without a doubt, icy silence crackling through the atmosphere. Steely eyes drilled into Erwin's skull, bright and seething and he felt a cold sweat springing up on his forehead, sure that it had come out all wrong. Levi wanted to bite something, punch a hole through the paper-thin wall, scream until his lungs could offer no more, anything but stand here and listen to such a depressing request. 

Erwin's open and good natured face doused the flames of Levi's wrath though, the expression of a wounded dog staring back at him and he slumped, body curling slightly in on itself as unwavering loyalty answered. 

"Sure. Whatever you need, Erwin." 

 ~~~~~~

They'd been to dinner, a fancy one at that, shared drinks in a bar and strolled along the banks of their city's river, starlight twinkling above to join them. Levi had enjoyed himself, experiencing a slice of what life could be, the prize he so desired yet he hadn't the balls to say anything about it, petrified of losing the one person he needed. Erwin had been perfect of course; polite, kind and attentive, a date to remember. 

It all left Levi a little confused as they arrived back at their dorm for the last time, stairs climbed and adjoining rooms finally reached. Erwin paused, lingering on the threshold with a blush. 

"You coming in or what?" 

Levi's brusque attitude made Erwim smile, his feet following inside as usual, shoes kicked off - they rarely separated, often not even to sleep and he glanced around at the sparse interior,