to find other ways to expand your education.”

He went on the hunt; since he hadn’t been able to convince Sophia’s parents to tell him her middle name, he wanted her birth certificate.

First he checked the fireproof box that sat in the master bedroom’s closet. Sure enough, there it was. “This wasn’t even a challenge,” he complained to the baby strapped to his chest. “Couldn’t they have at least made it interesting for us?”

Then he looked at the paper.


Sophia Shirley Watson.


He stared at it for a long moment.

Then he laughed. They had made it interesting after all.

 

When Sophia was almost two, Sherlock got a phone call from John as he walked along a busy London street, on his way home from buying milk. “Hello?” he answered.

“Sophia’s missing.”

Sherlock stopped walking. “What? How? When?” He spun around, unconsciously dropping his milk, and hailed a cab, barking the address of John and Mary’s house at the driver, then clutching the phone more tightly to his ear. “I’m on my way.”

“Our sitter put her down for a nap this afternoon. She’s been sleeping well, so Tara thought nothing of it when she hadn’t made a sound an hour and a half later when Mary got home. But when Mary peeked in to check on her, the crib was empty. She called me. I’m almost home.”

“Has Mary touched anything?” Sherlock snapped.

“I don’t know. I’m not there,” John snapped back. “I’m going to call Lestrade now.” He hung up.

Sherlock stuffed his phone in his pocket and glared at the back of the cabbie’s head as though that would make him drive faster.

It didn’t.

He’d been trying not to dread this since the day he deduced that Mary was pregnant. He had been dreading it since the day he first fed Sophia. He had enemies. John was his best friend. Getting to him through John’s child just made sense.

It wasn’t right. Sophia didn’t deserve this. She did not chose to be the daughter of a sociopath’s best friend.

If she was hurt, she would not be the only one.

 

Lestrade had men searching, but he hadn’t even tried to persuade Sherlock to stay out of it. Sherlock first enlisted his homeless network – much quicker than the police. He rushed to get a cab to St. Bart’s to analyze the data from John and Mary’s house. He wanted to be scouring the streets, but he’d be more useful this way.

In the midst of a stretch of burnt-out streetlights, a thick hand grabbed his shoulder and yanked him backwards into a hard chest. He grunted and struggled and wished for John with his gun, but more brutes appeared around him out of the darkness to help hold him captive. He fought hard, biting the inside of his cheek and tasting blood, but something smashed into the base of his skull, and he felt his consciousness fading.

 


Present


“It’s you,” said Sherlock.

“Yes,” said Molly, looking down at the figurine she held. “Did you figure it out?” she asked. “Why I chose the Arc de Triomphe?”

“No,” said Sherlock, and Molly shook her head.

“I believed in you once, you know. I admired you. I thought you could do anything – solve anything. And you couldn’t even solve this.”

“Then tell me.”

She looked at him with sad eyes. “I told you. The clue’s in the name. Triumph. I’ve won.”

“Won what?”

She smiled then. “All those times I helped you, the times I just happened to have what you needed, did you think those were coincidences?”

He hadn’t given them much thought at all. “I suppose so.”

“What would your brother say about coincidences?”

“The universe is rarely so lazy.” The words came out automatically. He’d heard Mycroft say them repeatedly, but he struggled to remember that they applied to his life.

“But what have you been doing, Molly? What was the point?”

“You know the point. Or you should. You’re Sherlock Holmes.”

But he didn’t. Criminals he could understand. But this new Molly Hooper – he didn’t trust himself to know anything about her.

“You were proving a point,” said Moriarty, and Sherlock was glad for a reprieve to collect his thoughts. “Showing us that you knew everything and could mess with us without us realizing it was you doing it.”

“That was part of it,” said Molly, “but not the biggest part. I didn’t just know everything about all those cases. I orchestrated them all.”

There was a moment of silence. Then Moriarty burst out angrily, “Of course you didn’t. That