and his pets, he smiles a little and swallows. He opens his eyes, looks back at the pavement of the ally way and wonders how death can look so inviting.

With one last breath he pushes off. Distantly he hears something, his name in a shout, but he closes his eyes and soon… everything stops.

Here's the second version like I promised!!

It's pretty much the same as the first except in the end so i guess you can skip to the end? Idk. It's all on you :)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Here he is, standing in the rain at the ledge, his fingers wrapped tightly around the railing of the tall building beneath his boots. His eyes are blurry from the thick tears streaming down his cheeks and his knuckles are turning pale, ghostly, almost. The more he stares over the railing, at the cement ground far from him, the softer the floor looks and the more it calls to him, asking him what he’s going to do, if he’s really going to end it all and he nods, nods hard and frantic as he grips impossibly tighter to the cool metal. He peals a hand off and digs into his pocket, pulling out a crumpled paper. He uses the other hand to straighten the paper out in his hands and nearly shatters at the picture, at the wide grin and the crinkly eyes and the soft hair and the pure happiness. He lets out a broken sob and wipes furiously at his cheeks, wipes his nose with the sleeve of his- Liam’s- sweater. He brings the picture to his lips with shaky hands and places a soft kiss.

“I’m sorry.” He chokes out, a large lump in his throat making it hard to speak. He brings the picture to his chest, squeezing his eyes shut and grabbing the railing tightly again to keep himself standing. He presses the picture harder against his chest and it’s as if it burns through the material of his sweater, straight through his skin and molding itself around his beating heart and remaining there, Liam, remaining with him as he brings an unsteady foot to the bar, lifting himself.

He looks back over the edge and lets out a difficult breath, one that nearly rips his throat.

~


“Please, stop.” he cries, bringing his hands to his ears and pressing hard, desperate to block out the taunting but it’s even more loud in his mind, permanently engraved in there and chanting, never ceasing.



“Oi, is the little paki fag going to cry? Is he going to cry home to his mummy?” A boy, Stanley mocks, his friends around him laughing, clapping him on the back as if he’s said something oh so clever. “Oh wait, the fag doesn’t have a mummy. Oops.” he laughs and Zayn squeezes his eyes shut, tries not to let the words hit him to deep.



But they do. They always do.



“Leave me alone!” He pleads, opening his eyes back up but they’re blurry and he can’t see, even with the glasses on his nose.



“He really is crying!” Another boy, Nickolas, points out. “He’s actually fucking crying!” He’s laughing, pointing fingers and Zayn backs away further till his back hits a wall.



“Of course he’s crying, Nick, he’s pathetic!” Lottie, a tall stocky girl shouts. The group cackles and it feels as if he’s being enclosed by them, as if they’re getting closer and closer and his heart pounds furiously in his chest.



“Oi, leave him alone, you sad lot.” A voice that Zayn doesn’t recognizes, shouts. He moves his hands from his ears and looks up, finds a boy sizing Stanley up.



“Stay out of this, Liam.” Stanley bites but the boy- Liam, he gathers- doesn’t cower and Zayn watches in awe of his courage, of his bravery. Stanley is a frightening fellow.



“I said, leave. Him. Alone. Stanley.” Liam says firmly, a discreet threat to his words that not only Zayn catches. Stanley breathes heavily and glares before he snaps his eyes to Zayn.



He snaps, “You got lucky this time, Malik.” before he looks back at Liam stubbornly and turns away swiftly, stomping off with his group trailing behind.



Zayn stands there against the wall, stunned and also a bit scared that this bloke will turn on him too, that he just wanted the paki fag for himself. He catches eyes with Liam and his breath hitches, his hands folding by his sides as he braces himself. His eyes widen further when Liam smiles and moves closer, stopping just in front of him and lunging out a hand that has Zayn flinching on instinct.



“Hiya, ‘m Liam.” the boy says with such a kind smile, so soft and genuine and it’s directed at Zayn. Zayn hesitates, stares at the hand extended towards him before he