I said I didn’t sleep with her.”

“Fuck off, Zayn. You think I’ll fall for that?” A struggle merges between Zayn holding him down and Harry trying to get away. But with Zayn between Harry’s legs, all force on top of him and both of his hands clasped on top of his head, Harry’s efforts were useless.

“Listen here. I just accompanied her on getting a cab ‘cause she’s so drunk. When I came back, you were gone.”

“Get a cab?” Harry laughs without humor, “Talk about fucking excuses. I saw you offering drinks to anyone who comes near you. And you even danced with them. Then you suddenly turned into some gentleman shit?”

Zayn’s face inches closer, their noses brushing, their chests touching. “That’s because all you did was stick to Louis the whole fucking time.”

“Because he misses El! He needed my company!”

“So what are you two now? Fuck buddies?” Zayn hisses.

“Don’t turn things around, Zayn. You’re the one who’s at fault in here.”

“Yeah, and I’m gonna fuck you now.”

“Wh-“ Harry’s words were cut as Zayn surges his lips down on his mouth. Harry easily parts his lips, letting Zayn’s tongue slide in with complete ease. They exchanged the heat of their wet tongues and the house was filled with nothing but hungry noises and muffled moans.

Harry throws his head back as Zayn’s lips leaves his mouth„ pressing open mouthed kisses on his neck, pushing their groins together, grinding their fully hard dicks beneath their boxers.

“Fucking ignoring me for days. Louis fucked you, didn’t ya?” asks Zayn, his fingers pulling the lace of his apron.”  “You fucking imagined I was the one fucking you while he imagines you’re El, huh?” Zayn yanks his boxers down, biting the skin on his neck as he did. “Louis fucked you hard, huh, Harry?”

Harry shakes his head.

“What?”

“Louis didn’t fuck me hard enough to call his name.” Harry’s lips curled. Time for some revenge.

“You fuck slut. I’m gonna show you who you belong to.” Zayn lets go of his hands, turns him around as Harry heard the wound of Zayn’s boxers toppling n the floor. “You want a hard fuck? I’m going to give you a hard fuck.”

Harry purses his lips, wanting to show Zayn that he could keep up with his anger for once.

“Try to keep up with that silence, later.” Zayn lines himself up, spitting on his palm and giving his cock a few pumps before he roughly presses himself on Harry’s tight hole. “F-Fuck…”

Harry shut his eyes, a moan escaping from his lips as Zayn pushed deeper. “Fuck. Zayn. Fuck.” Harry bites his thumb; the feeling of Zayn’s cock stretching him without an inch of gentleness was something he clearly missed from the lad. His hands throw away everything that was on the table, including the baked cupcakes and grips tightly on both wooden edges. “Ah – Ah, fuck Zayn. Oh my god.”

Zayn pulls out and slams back in, not giving Harry the time to be ready or even fucking breath. In and Out. Harder and faster in each drive.

“Shit. You’re still tight even if Louis fucked you.” Zayn thrusts, his tongue sliding on the line of Harry’s back, leaving small bites. “Fuck, Harry. So fucking tight for me. So good. Shitshit…”

Harry’s vision went cloudy as his chest slides on the surface of the table, the creaking sound heightening his pleasure. Trickles of sweat run down his cheeks down to his chin, his knuckles turning white as Zayn hits his prostate, grinding his hips as he did.

“There – oh, fuck! Fuck me harder, Zayn. Shit. Shit. Ah – Fuck me ‘til I can’t fucking-AH!” Harry arches his back from the way Zayn’s slides his cock out, leaving the tip inside then fully driving himself in.

“Stay. Fucking. Still.” Zayn grunts on each thrust, fingers digging on his hips as he moves faster. Harry starts to push his arse back and meet his thrusts. “Yeah, there – fucking hell, such a good arse, Harry. ‘M gonna fill you up.” Zayn says, almost panting.

“God yes,” Harry whines, “Fill me up, Zayn. Fucking – AH – want to feel you.”

The pain on his back made Harry cry out, joining in with Zayn’s hard bite on his shoulder. He clenches his wall around Zayn as he comes, spilling it all over the floor. Harry breathes heavily, cheek pressed hard on the table when Zayn pulls out and turns him around.

“Tired already?”

Harry was just about to ask why when Zayn lifts both of his legs