three days. Maybe he should have asked Zayn for his number instead. It’s about to be time to head to the school. He’ll figure something out. He doesn’t want to just show up randomly at Zayn’s house because that would be stalkerish wouldn’t it?

He takes out his phone and scrolls to Harry’s number. Maybe he could help.

 //

 What’s funny about the world Zayn believes is that it has this way of sometimes trying to fuck you over on purpose.Or at least it really seems that way. It can be a real bitch. Then in other times it just makes things work out for the better the way he prefers. The bitchy side takes a day off and rest from making his day a daunting one. However it looks as if the nice side has taken a vacation from his life. Today is one of those days where the world wants to fuck with him in a really bad way. To start the day off he had to deal with a particularly cranky and irritable Dominic who he couldn’t for the life of him get out of bed. Even when he got him out of bed the little boy would go and curl up on the couch and drift right back to sleep. He can probably attribute that to it being the first day of him going to school. He wasn’t too happy about it and protested by refusing to get dressed properly and didn’t even eat the breakfast Zayn made. “You’re going to regret not eating you know” Zayn noted to him while they were on the way to the school.

“They have food in the cafeteria don’t they?”

“You’re missing my delicious breakfast for nasty cafeteria food?”

“Baba it’s just eggs and toast”

“You love my eggs and toast nic!” Nic looks up at him quizzically.

“Its just eggs and toast”

“My eggs and toast nic”

“Baba you jealous” Zayn pouts jokingly.

“No I’m not.”

“Uh huuuh”

“What do you know you’re five!”

“You’re an old man!” Dominic yelled smiling up at Zayn. The man gave a shocked expression as if it was the worst thing he had ever heard clearly putting on the theatrics for the little boy.

“How dare you?!” Just then there is a loud pop and then a continuous bump on the road.  Zayn slows down on the street and pulls over. Sounds like a flat tire. He gets out of the car telling Dominic to stay in. His suspicion is confirmed. Damn it. Luckily he doesn’t have to be to work until later on but he does need to get his son to school for his first day. The problem is Zayn is not a tire changing kind of man. As if he would get on the dirty ground to try and do whatever it is people do that change tires. So he does what he usually always does when something like this happens. Calls Niall. But today it seems Niall isn’t answering. He scrolls through his phone to find Harry’s number. There is four rings before he actually answers.

“Zayn you know I’m working at the bakery right now what is it?”

“First of all Harry your tone is rude. Second of all I need you to come pick me up I have a flat.”

“Zayn I can’t leave at this moment. Call Niall?”

“No answer”

“Well did you get Liam’s number call him.” Zayn frowns at Harry’s mention of...him.

“No”

“You see this is why you need to learn to change a tire. Stop being a pretty boy.”

“I’m not a pretty boy Harry...I’m a pretty man”

“I’m hanging up. Call a cab an-” Just then there is a loud motor passing by that completely blots what Harry is saying out. It’s a black mustang that is seemingly turning around and making its way back over to where he and Dominic have been stranded for the past fifteen minutes. He wasn’t expecting Liam to step out of the car looking all happy and bright eyed. He’s smiling and wearing a stupid tie and buttoned up shirt...he looks...nice. Ugh. Yeah he swears the world is definitely conspiring against him.

“Hey need some help?” Liam asked observing the situation at hand.

“No we’re fine” Zayn says. Liam looks around Zayn’s thin body at the tire and scratches his beard.

“Um..doesn’t look like it” he points to the clearly destroyed tire.

“I said we’re fine oka-”

“Baba are we going to get to school?” Zayn whips his head around not expecting his son’s voice.

“Nic I told you to stay in the ca-”

“Hey little buddy!” Liam interrupts Zayn snapping at his kid. “You going to school today?” Dominic is caught off guard by Liam and is a little hesitant to talk to him. Zayn looks in between