matter if I did, anyway. You're with Yixing."

"Why? Is it perhaps Yixing the one you like, instead?" There was curiosity in Sehun's eyes as he question rolled off his tongue.

"Why are you asking me this?" Jongin shifted in his seat.

"Well to put it simply," Sehun began and Jongin felt small under Sehun's eyes. "I am interested in you, Jongin."

"What?" Jongin said. "But aren't you dating Yixing?"

"I am. He's interested in you too." Sehun stole some fries from Jongin's plate.

"I don't undersand..."

"Do I have to spell it our for you?" Sehun chuckled and his face softened. A small smile pulled at his lips. "We both like you. As in more than friends."

Jongin's cheeks were warm and he took a moment to process Sehun's words. He tried to fight the smile that threatened to pull at his lips. "You both like me?"

"Yes," Sehun then casually leaned over to steal Jongin's drink since his own was empty. "We both like you. So, now can you answer my question?"

"Am interested in you," he paused, "Both of you..."

Sehun's smile was bright. "I know that I've been a little... distant. But I didn't want to make you uncomfortable, especially since Yixing is already so touchy as it is."

"Do you dislike skinship?"

Sehun shook his head. "No. I am arguably probably more touchy than Yixing is. I just didn't want to overstep boundaries, especially since I didn't know where we were all standing in this. But it was actually Yixing who convinced me to ask you about this." Jongin nodded and listened as Sehun continued to talk. "And if you did want to try this – with theboth of us – that would be pretty cool. But remember that we're not going forcing you into anything that you don't want to do."

"I," Jongin licked over his lips and noticed when Sehun's eyes had dropped down to follow his tongue. "I do want to try. If that's okay?"

Sehun smiled beautifully. "It would be more than okay, Jongin."

 

 

–

 

 

The arousal in their systems dwindled as they ate. Sehun loosened his tie, explaining how stressed that he had been from his internship with a tired sigh. Yixing cooed at him and pressed a kiss into his hair. Jongin offered him a sympathetic smile. He made sure to kiss Sehun's cheek when he got up to put his plate into the sink.

Sehun had fallen out of love with his degree. He had dropped out of his previous course of global studies to pick up designing. He had been doing well and his designs were good, but he was having trouble finding a job in an industry that was so competitive. Jongin and Yixing were more than capable of handling living expenses, but Sehun felt as if he wasn't pulling his weight.

"You'll do great," he said, "You work hard and you pick up on things easily. They will have no choice but to hire you."

"I hope so," Sehun ran a hand through his hair. "I need this job. I can't just sit here and not help you guys out with bills and stuff..."

"It's okay, Sehun." Yixing said. "Things will work themselves out. There's no rush, and even if you didn't get the job. We wouldn't love you any less."

Despite how affectionate Sehun was, he was always one to become flustered when either Yixing or Jongin said that they loved him. But he was just as loving, despite not saying it verbally; and he never failed to show them how much they meant to him.

"I love you both so much." Sehun said as he his his face in his hands. It took both Jongin and Yixing by surprise but smiled softly to each other.

"We know you do." Jongin turned Sehun's face toward him and kissed him.

 

 

–

 

 

 

It was hard at first. Jongin had never dated two people at the same time and he was scared that he was leaving someone out and that one of them would perhaps be jealous. Yixing and Sehun had assured him that he had nothing to worry about and as more time had passed, Jongin had let that inhibition go. Sehun was more touchy than Yixing was and slid his palm into Jongin's every chance he got, pressed kisses into his hair and curled his arm around Jongin's waist. Yixing was playful and squeezed at his ass when he thought that no one was looking, which left Jongin meeting the eyes of surprised passers-by with a blush at his cheeks.

Sehun was the one that had kissed him first. They were watching reruns of Naruto and Sehun lay across the couch, draped over their laps with his head in Jongin's with his legs thrown across Yixing'