grasped Red’s hand in his own to give it a small squeeze. 

"but i will say that i’ve got your back.”

 

 

AWWWW YEAH


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 

 

Red eased his back against Papyrus’ own.  Monsters were taking over the stage, many of them weak, but there were a few they’d have to be careful of. The crowd screeched and whined, a multitude of jaws slathering from the scent of blood and sex on the stage.

They were all practically feral.

 

 

God, he wished they could've all just used a motherfucking shortcut. 

Magic was shareable, though not so much transferable as it was displaced through contact. Souls could bind to one another through the physical connection of their bodies and their magic could come to an equilibrious state amongst the monsters involved. It wasn't a common feat, and it took a certain amount of compatibility for it to work, but it could be done. 

Red knew from past experience that he and Fell were incompatible (as if it weren't already obvious). They could neither share magic nor use it to heal one another. And, honestly, he didn't want to share magic with his brother anyways. Which was exactly the kind of reason they couldn't share to begin with.

Neither wanted to fucking cooperate with the other.

 

 

 

But with Sans and Papyrus...

 

He squeezed the hand in his grip tight. "Pap, couldn't you have gotten Sans out of here?"

 

Papyrus was silent. 

 

Red took a chance to look at him and felt his soul drop in his chest. 

 

Warm, gentle sockets watched him, taking a quick chance to lock eyes with him before they both broke apart to face the looming threat. "yeah, i could've..." The hand about his own squeezed back.  "but i know you wouldn't have left your bro behind. you love him, and i don't blame you for what you did to…uh, the robot guy."

 

 

He growled in his throat at the memory of seeing Mettaton fucking pile driving Fell through the socket, goddamn cumming inside his tortured skull. His breath felt like it was ragged with his anger, threatening to turn him into a foaming mess like the rest of the mob. Fell was an ass. Fell was a huge jackass of a cunt that was the fucking best at shitting all over his good mood. But he didn't deserve what was done to him. God, when they first got to the theatre... His phalanges had itched with the need to call his blasters, to utterly obliterate the filth that dared to laugh at his brother’s suffering.

 

He had never felt so mad in his whole fucking life.

And if Sans hadn’t been in danger when they first got here he would have taken his sweet time with that motherfucking son of a bitch, Mettaton.

 

But at least that bastard was dust.

 

He hid a cruel grin from Papyrus, knowing it would only upset him. He couldn’t help it. He couldn’t deny it. He wasn’t like Papyrus and Sans. He didn’t see any fucking reason in preserving the pieces of shit that inhabited this world. And he knew damn well that not everyone had good in them like they seemed to be so fond of saying.

 

 

 

Monsters stalked around the edge of their reach, watching with cautious hunger. Fights broke out here and there as the gathered creatures fought for dominance.

The strong were the ones that defied the two skeletons. They were curious of their strength, of how it was they thought they could keep them at bay. 

 

First it was one, one lone monster that rushed forward, screeching and foolishly full of themselves.

Red was quick to dispatch him with a flashing bone to the side of his head. The beast went crashing away, falling into unconsciousness. 

But where there was one, there was more. The masses surged back into action, monsters regaining their courage to pounce on the "easy" targets on the stage.

 

Papyrus called forth a slew of bones, the magic whistling out into the crowd, accompanied by yelps and cries of pain. “here they come, Red!” He pressed closer to him, as the mob barreled towards them.

 

Red let the magic on his phalanges spring to life, red bones shooting up from the ground like great stalagmites, knocking monsters away and sending others toppling from their broken tips. 

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a large demon-like creature sprinting towards them, brandishing a chair.

 

 

Grabbing his companion’s soul, he tossed Papyrus out of the way. He threw himself to the side, just in time too, as the monster brought the chair crashing into the floor, the furniture reduced to a mass of splintered remains.

Blinking from the initial shock, Papyrus was quick to recover. Orange bones crashed from the stage, blocking an incoming blast of magic from another enemy. The shield of bones barely held out, large cracks exploding down their length. Barely flinching from the shock, he sent another attack flying forward, smacking the demon that