once more and burying his face in Keith’s thick, black hair. 


 


“You’re welcome. Get some rest, okay? We can start training again after you’re… Mentally stable.” Keith nodded against his broad chest, parting and walking into his room. He totally almost ran into the door frame, and that definitely didn’t help how he felt. The door slid shut and Keith laid down in bed, curling up above the messy covers. 


 


It had only been a day since this whole mess started, and he could feel himself just 

falling apart. 

Life without his eyes was just 

that

 much harder, and he felt as if all of his intense training that he’s put himself has gone to waste. All of his knowledge he gained from hand to hand combat was now useless; you can’t fight something you can’t see. In Keith’s case, he wouldn’t be able to do more than swing his sword and hope it hits an enemy. 


 


He took a deep breath; thinking like this will only make him feel worse, and he can’t train if his mental health was still shitty. Maybe Shiro will help train him, hone in on his hearing and maybe figure out what this 

feeling 

thing was. Allura might know more about it, now that he thought of it. He’ll visit her later, when the rest of the group wasn’t training. 


 


Keith laid in bed for an hour before getting too restless, deciding that hanging out with Red again was a better idea. His bare feet padded slowly down the halls, his sensing thing keeping him from running into corners. Red was already waiting, mouth open so her paladin could walk in with ease. Said paladin easily sat down, feeling more relaxed with her. The two had another silent conversation, Keith speaking aloud while Red spoke in his mind. 


 


There was a nudging in his head, Red telling him to close his eyes and see through hers like they were attempting to do in one of their first training exercises. Keith complied easily, gasping softly as he could 

see

 from her height. Of course, it was probably around fifty feet up, but he could 

see. 

He started crying, heavy tears dripping down his face. He thanked Red, looking all around the room and at the other lions, at their vibrant 

colors.



 


Keith sat there for a long time, just looking around. It was comforting to know that he could see through Red, that his blindness didn’t carry on over to her. The other paladin’s made it into the room, and Keith started crying again, seeing everyone’s worn faces has never made him happier. He fired up his comms, since the rest of the group had their suits on, and let himself cry into the mic. “Guys,” He whimpered, and he saw the worry shoot up immediately on Shiro’s face, and he had never been so happy to see that look. “I-I can see through Red’s eyes. I can 

see,”

 He whimpered, and a grin found it’s way on the other’s faces Shiro looking up at Red with a bright, bright grin. 


 


“Keith,” He murmured. “This is amazing.” Keith remained in there, talking to the paladin’s before dinner, and watching them all leave, save for Shiro. “You coming?” He asked, looking Red in the eye. The red paladin felt a shot of fear in his heart; he didn’t want to go back to being blind, to being 

useless. 

“Keith, come on. I’ll stay by your side, okay?” That was enough to draw him out, tucking himself into the others side and under Shiro’s arm. The two walked together, and again Keith wished that it was under different circumstances. Maybe one day he could get the guts to ask Shiro out, but today was 

definitely

 not that day. 


 


The older man quietly led him to the dining room, where he could sense that everyone had already taken their seat. He had the feeling that there were eyes on him, and he tried to brush it off as Shiro helped him sit in his chair. The head of Voltron sat as well, easily slipping his Galran hand into Keith’s left. The table resumed eating, and Keith took a deep breath, right hand shakily grabbing his spoon and letting his senses search for his bowl. He found it and slid the spoon into the food goo, putting more pressure into lifting it than needed and listening as the goo went flying, splattering somewhere. The others grew quiet and anxiety hit Keith like a bus as he dropped his spoon, tears welling up in his blind eyes as he realized how helpless his disability made him. 


 


Shiro’s hand tightened in his own, murmuring to him that it was okay and that Keith just needed to be a little more careful next time. He heard Shiro begin eating again, and the other paladins slowly followed as Keith went for his spoon again. The red paladin’s hand shook badly,