chuckles.

Oh, well isn't that embarrassing.

He sets the pizzas on the counter and smiles as the lady rings you up. 

"That'll be eight dollars and ninety-seven cents," she drones.

You look just over her shoulder and see a the blurry picture if Gamzee as well as a caption warning to be careful.

You watch with baited breath as Gamzee hands her a ten and as she gives him the change. 

"Have a good day," her voice holds practically no emotion and you're happy that she didn't recognize Gamzee.

Gamzee nods and sets the bagged pizzas on your lap before wheeling you out. 

"Well wasn't she a bundle of joy," he comments.

You nod and hold onto the cold pizzas. Gamzee rushes back to your apartment and heads into the elevator. Just as the doors are closing a lady, who lives just a floor below you, gets in. She smiles at you, "Hello Tavros! What a horrid day don't you think?"

"Y-yeah, I hate the rain," you reply. You glance over at Gamzee who looks positively nervous. 

The women looks over at Gamzee suspiciously. "Who is this?" She asks.

You could turn him in. You could easily tell her that he's the serial killer and to call the cops. 

"Oh, he's one of my friends," you lie.

The elevator stops at her floor and she smiles. "Nice to meet you," she says to Gamzee before she leaves.

Gamzee lets out a breath, "Damn Tav, you coulda turned me in."

You shrug, "I could of..." He wheels you to your door before answering.

"Why didn't you? I wouldn't have done anything to stop 'ya."

He opens the door and pushes you in. "I don't know, I guess I just didn't want to."

He smiles widely and pushes you over to your small living room. "Bro, I'm going to make you the best damn pizza. You're taste buds will be bathing in miracles."

"Make?" You ask as he pushes the pizza boxes off your lap and picks you up. You lean into him without thinking about it, even pulling the rubber band out of his hair. "But these ones are pre-made." 

"Yeah, but that don't mean that they be up and ready to be eaten. You know they always need somethin' added to be all nice and good."

You shrug, you don't particularly mind if he adds more cheese or whatever he dubs the pizza's needs. If he can make pancakes into the best dinner food you've ever had than you're going to assume that he's going to make the pizza into a food to die for.

He sets you down on your couch and you watch as he rushes over to the kitchen and messes with the oven before coming over to sit in front of your small DVD collection. 

"Anything you wanna watch Tavbro?" He asks, plopping down on his back and looking at the back of one of your Disney films. 

You honestly think you looks a lot like a child right now and the addition of the children's movies doesn't help the image.

"Pick whatever," you state. You may have a hefty collection of the good old Disney movies that grown adults still get emotional about, but you do have some more modern movies. You're sure he'll find something he likes; though inwardly you hope he doesn't find any of the horror films your father saddled you with - which you had procrastinating throwing away. 

Of course to your luck he finds one. He triumphantly holds up one of the Saw series disk. You didn't even know you had it. 

Horror is clearly written on your face.

Gamzee smirks, eyebrows raise. "Pick any?"

You know your face is red out of embarrassment. He crawls over to you, twirling the disk on his finger, and pushes himself up close to you; so close that your nose almost touches his. "How about some horror today?"

There's a hard frown carved on your face; you take the disk from him unexpectedly and throw it. He watches it sail across the room, his mouth agape. The disk shatters on the far wall and the only thing that crosses your mind is that you had no idea that you could throw that hard.

"No."

Gamzee looks between you and the shattered disk for a moment before nodding once. "Okay," he says a smile creeping on his face. "Aren't you cute when you're frustrated."

You're flush brightly. "Gamzee!" You complain.

He falls back onto the floor laughing. "Man, you're easy to spook!"

"I'm not spooked..." You pout.

"Fine, maybe you ain't spooked but..." He moves back to his previous spot close to you. Your noses are touching and his breath tickles against your skin. "I