me to ever make up for it. That would require bringing you back to life, and erasing the years Athena and Aura have spent without you. I wish I could do that, but I can’t.


He feels a hint of moisture welling up in his eyes and blinks it away – he has shed enough tears for a lifetime, and he refuses to do so now. Blubbering away by himself in the wee morning hours would amount to nothing more than self-pity.

Simon leans back, drawing a hand across his face. This guilt will forever be my burden. He is aware that hindsight is always 20-20, that it is unlikely that he could have foreseen the events which are now known as the UR-1 case, let alone prevent them. And yet, he also knows that no one can fully absolve him of the responsibility he feels weighing heavily on his shoulders, least of all himself. To free himself of his guilt would mean to forget.

Staring unseeingly at the opposite wall, lost in thought, he does not register the minuscule noises of a second set of bare feet on carpet coming closer, until a warm hand makes contact with his shoulder.

Athena stands next to him. From the window behind her, the glow of the street lights down on the pavement reaches inside the apartment through the diaphanous curtains, surrounding her nude body with a soft halo of orange light. Simon can see that she is at best half-awake, her eyes threatening to fall closed again any second, her gaze unfocused. Her voice is slightly roughened from sleep as she quietly asks, “Everything okay?”

He reaches up to place his own hand on hers. “Apologies for waking you. I was trying to be quiet.”

Athena shakes her head slightly. “It was your heart, just before you woke up. Suddenly, there was so much fear and sadness…”

He can almost hear the words she does not say out loud. …just like when you recalled finding mom’s body in court.

Simon briefly closes his eyes. “An old nightmare, nothing more. I’ll be fine.”

Instead of withdrawing into the bedroom once more, Athena sits down next to him on the couch, one of her arms coming to a rest across his back.

“Would you like to tell me about it?”

He remains quiet for a while, contemplating her question. Finally, he answers, “Given the date, I’m sure you can guess at the nature of my dream. Do you really want to hear it?”

Athena’s expression takes on a shade of melancholy he hates to see, as he is one of the people who put it there.

“Please. Maybe… if you share it with me… it won’t hurt quite so much anymore.”

Simon looks down on her with a wistful smile. Of course you wouldn’t take the invitation to leave it alone, even if it ends up causing you pain, as well.

He begins to tell her what he sees in his mind’s eye whenever this nightmare plagues him, feeling her shudder slightly against him.

When he gets to Dr. Cykes’ question, Athena cringes.

“I guess I’m not the only one who still feels responsible then.”

Simon is baffled. “Responsible? You were in the wrong place at the wrong time. You were a child.” At least you managed to attack him. I wasn’t even there.

She shakes her head. “If I had called for help right away… if my stupid mind hadn’t blanked… maybe the nightmares would have ended by now. Oh, the memory would still hurt, I know that, but…”

Athena stops herself, looking at him, and he can read the words she is not uttering in her eyes. …but you wouldn’t have had to go to jail for a crime you didn’t commit. You wouldn’t have almost lost your life trying to protect me.

Wordlessly, Simon envelops her in his arms, the fingers of his right hand combing soothingly through her long red hair.


Could either one of us really have done anything to change what happened that day? Who knows…and ultimately, the question is pointless. Things happened as they did, and all that remains for us now is to honor Dr. Cykes’ legacy by keeping her memories alive. Together.


Athena clings to him, simultaneously seeking and giving comfort until doing so while sitting side by side becomes a little uncomfortable.

She slowly rises from the couch, only to turn and place her shins on the soft fabric to his left and right, straddling his lap. As she leans in for a kiss, she whispers, “I love you, Simon. I don’t know what my life would be like now if you’d never come to us, or if I’d lost you two years ago… but right now, I’m very, very happy, and that’s because of you. Not even the pain and the loss we’ve had to live through can change that.”

“