bloody time and I feel...no...I know that I have to confront it one way or another and put it to rest. I have to tell her and discover what the truth is between us."

Harry gave him a questioning look but again Ron stopped him.

"Look I know she might not be even close to forgiving me as yet and there's a good chance she might think that I'm a real prat when I spill my guts and screw up everything we have going now, but on the off...really off chance that she remotely likes me back and we became...well...closer together, I want you to know our focus would not change, in fact I really feel it would be better for all of us." he finally took in a deep breath and exhaled."Sorry. Are you ok with all this?"

Surprisingly Harry let out a small chuckle.

"It seems like I've heard part of this conversation before."

"What? I haven't spoken to you about this before Harry. I would have remembered believe me." Ron sighed loudly.

"Forget about it. Ron this may come as a surprise to you but I already knew you fancied her, I just wasn't sure how serious you were. I'm sure Hermione also has feelings for you that are a lot different to the sisterly ones she has for me. Now that I know about you... and seeing how both of you have been over the past few months, I couldn't agree with you more about this actually." Harry stopped the stupid grin on his face and became a bit serious.

"It's fine with me if you guys get together. You both mean a great deal to me and I know I can always depend on you...the both of you. Nothing much will change actually as you two are already against me more or less these days, plus I could do with less bickering around here. Just promise me that if you guys get together you will spare me the ugly touchy details especially in front of me." his grin back on his face.

Ron gave him a slap on his shoulder with his face turning  pink. "God Harry! I can't even think about that now please. I don't want to jinx this before I even get started." They both nodded and fell into a silence.

"So how are you going to do it?" Harry spoke softly. "You know...how are you going to tell her?"

Ron stirred out of his silence after a few seconds.

"Actually I haven't figured out that part yet. It's not like I could just bloody blurt it out can I? - Hey can you forgive my sorry arse for leaving you when I promised not to, - and by the way do you know I'm in love with you so can you forget what a huge prat I've been and let's get together." he leaned forward and ran both hands through his hair.

"Don't worry. I'll think of something...hopefully soon so that...." He jumped as the tent flap flew open. 

"Harry I'm back, Sorry for taking so long. I guess I just lost track of time. Is Ron up as yet?" the sweet voice of Hermione filled the tent.

Shit! Did she hear that last bit of drabble I said? xxx

Hermione came to a dead stop at the tent entrance when she realised that Ron was very much awake and staring at her with his face flushed pink. God! Was he going to be so awkward about last night when she was desperately trying not to think about it? Ok trying and failing hugely.

She still could not believe what she had done last night. What had gotten into her head! Willingly parading around in front of him in all stages of undress and jumping on him in bed and letting herself blissfully fall asleep next to him. Merlin! What must he think of her. She liked hearing his wonderful words to her but he was just being nice and trying to make her feel comfortable plus he was half asleep at the time. She had fallen in a weak moment but she had promised Harry she would not lose her focus so she had to be stronger around him.   

"Hey." she said trying to control herself. "Glad to see you up. How are you feeling?" she still hadn't moved from her spot.

"I'm fine. A bit sore but everything seems to be working , I guess it could have been worse." he was still staring and she started to squirm inside both from his gaze and the thought of what worse could have really been. 

"Well that's what happens when you overdo yourself Ron. I still can't believe you did that. You could have really hurt yourself pulling off that stupid stunt." 

"Hey! that stupid stunt got your precious bag back and without it I could not have had such a great sleep in my bed last night thanks a lot!.."  Ron immediately went from pink to a slight red with his mouth open as he