man worked as a kind of chef. 

"Your piss poor attempts at tea need to improve." Laughter rang out in the foyer and you glanced up, wondering just how many people Levi had endeared himself to unintentionally. A few more words were shared, commiserations to you for having to deal with the moody individual, all spoken in good nature and he tutted, itching to get out. "Right, you're boring me now. Bye." Striding through the sliding doors, he didn't look back and pushed forwards, leaving this place behind, hopefully forever. 

Cold wind hit your cheeks, invigorating and pure, skin awakened by natural air instead of the regurgitated climate they provided inside. It felt like a rebirth, emerging from a cloud which would admittedly take some time to clear, but you'd made the first step, surfaced from the fog just a little, enough to see your destination and have a beacon to cling onto. Ice and snow lay around, wheels sliding to one side and you yelped, a sound half way between glee and fear, a noise mostly heard on rollercoasters. 

"Fuck…" Levi's boots skidded as he held tightly to the handles, body pressing into your transportation as he tried to regain control, chicane of tyre marks left in his wake. You heard scuffles and squeaks, unsure exactly what was happening to the male in charge of your safety and you called out over the noise of ambulances and traffic. 

"You ok?"

"Yea…just…shit…" A flurry of activity commenced as the man lost footing, falling to the ground with a huff, hand still latched onto your vehicle. "Oh fucking marvellous."

"Levi?" Mustering strength, you craned your neck round to see limbs sticking out, a figure prone on the floor that struggled to regain an upright position and you held in a laugh, sure that finding hilarity in his tumble would not be met with kindness. 

"I'm ok…it's alright…damn." Back on his feet, the pale individual griped loudly. "Fucking weather. Shouldn't they grit the paths around here? At least give us a chance of survival?"

"Are you hurt?"

"Only my pride. I'm sure those pricks are watching from inside and having a good old chuckle." Indeed they were, Hange's face creasing up with giggles but he didn't chance a stare, simply carried on towards the waiting van. It was specially constructed, ramp and anchors made for wheelchairs and you were delivered safely, locked in and ready to go. The driver made sure everyone was settled before starting a slow drive, care taken on such treacherous roads.

"Quite the weather we're having, huh?" The guy started a cheery conversation up, obliviously rambling to create a narration for the trip. "Could spell a nasty accident if people aren't being vigilant."

"How do you think I ended up in this?" You didn't say it unkindly, delivering your comment with a smile and the man checked his mirror, gauging your expression and snorting a laugh. 

"Good to see a sense of humour, Miss. It's a rarity these days." 

Your building was soon in view, dark early evening making it seem much more splendid than reality as external lights added a certain ambience, first small flakes of another dusting ghosting downwards to pepper your outerwear, a decidedly nervous exodus from the van underway. Levi made sure to keep his wits about him this time, take smaller steps and remain unscathed and you were lowered onto the pavement, driver thanked gratefully. He drove away, two of you now alone on the side of the road and you sighed. 

"Well, it took three weeks but here we are."

"Better late than never, (F/N). In this way?"

"Yup, straight through there." Using one hand to push and another to pull his luggage, your visitor and now physiotherapist made a sideways lunge through the empty main reception area, tiled floors traversed and button pressed, waiting elevator opening on demand. You gave directions, correct number selected and the twang of excitement in your stomach surfaced - different circumstances granted, however the promise of unconditional assistance was incredible, one man prepared to do all of this with you…many would have turned around and left, you presumed. 

Apartment reached, you watched as Levi used your keys, unlocking swiftly and he spoke quietly. 

"You'd better be ready for an evening of doing fuck all."

"Sounds fantastic." Your weary body needed rest, his too, and sitting back relaxing was a heavenly prospect. Tyres moved, metal carriage pushed forwards in a momentous flourish, only to be stopped by the chair becoming wedged in the frame, too large to fit through your door. 

"Typical. All I want to do is get you home and the world can't be kind enough to just fucking give me that." He made a few more experimental shoves, followed by a violent attempt which resulted in the sound of protesting wood. "That's it." He dragged you back, dislodged with a