of the navy capturing any pirates?"

"No more than usual," she replied. "Wouldn't be surprised if there were some, though, given the extra ships your father's put out to sea. He's determined to get rid of them for once and for all."

"They are a plague upon the islands." Jensen absently repeated words he'd heard his father say a dozen times before.

"Yes, well, they also keep things exciting," Samantha said over her shoulder as she disappeared into the pantry.

Jensen gulped. Did she mean—no, he really didn't want to know. There was no way that anyone else knew that Jared had been here. They would have certainly told Alan by now, anyway.

He raised his voice and said, "I must be going, but thank you for the news!"

 

That night, Jensen was determined to get out on his own. He had been followed around like a child for days on end, and he had had enough. Besides, even if Samantha hadn't known anything about the pirates, he was willing to bet he could overhear more while sipping a quiet pint in a dockside tavern than a housekeeper with armed soldiers beside her would hear in the vegetable market. He wasn't about to get caught out like he had last time, when Jared had come to his rescue; he knew where the more reputable taverns were, and he would stick to those.

He made a show of saying goodnight to his father and heading upstairs. He briefly considered climbing out the window the same way Jared had climbed in, but going down seemed much more risky. He settled for making his quiet way through the mansion and out a side door into the garden. From there, it was possible to move across the formal garden in a crouch below the level of the hedges, and then out the gate to where he'd met Jared the night of his birthday. Jensen couldn't help but smile at the memory, hoping that not too much time would pass until he saw Jared again.

Two pints into his evening, Jensen was beginning to wonder if this had been a good decision after all. The tavern he'd chosen was on the main street leading down to the harbor, well-trafficked by sailors and townspeople alike. But with the weather as hot as it was, there were way too many people seeking a refreshing drink. While it might have been good news that no one seemed to notice the governor's son sitting quietly in the corner nursing his ale, the cacophony of voices was far too loud to pick out any useful information.

Jensen drained his glass and sighed. Maybe he needed to find a smaller or quieter tavern, though that would increase the risk of being recognized. Maybe he should just go back home and forget this crazy idea. It wasn't like he was trained in spycraft, and should anyone know him for who he really was, the best that could happen would be everyone falling silent. The worst….well, he'd already been set upon by a band of brigands, and there was no Jared here to rescue him this time.

He left his empty mug on the table with a copper and slipped out into the night. All he had to show for his efforts was a lighter purse and a somewhat lighter head from the ale. He still had to retrace his steps and sneak back inside without being noticed. Maybe it would be better to walk around some until his head cleared.

Remembering his earlier mishap, Jensen stuck to the main street. He walked slowly, hoping to overhear some choice words, but all he heard were complaints about the heat and about how prices for rum were going up since the smugglers were finding it harder to slip past the increased naval patrols. It made Jensen wonder why his father didn't simply maintain an increased presence on the sea all of the time, if it had the effect of reducing the criminal activity that plagued the islands. He'd have to ask him about it when he got home.

The street was lit by oil lamps at regular intervals, and it was when Jensen was in the shadow between them that he came to a dead stop and flattened himself against the nearest building. He'd nearly walked into the captain of his father's guard and given himself away in an instant.

Stupid, stupid, stupid! Jensen berated himself as he watched to see if Captain Pileggi had noticed him. The man had eyes like a hawk, which was usually something Jensen appreciated. Jensen hadn't seen him out of his guardsman's uniform before, but even the captain of the guard was allowed a night off once in a while. He was standing near the entrance to a public house with an anchor and a rose on the sign. It looked dingier than the tavern Jensen had been too, but then he supposed that the ale was probably cheaper, and that mattered more to a soldier.

Jensen bit his lip, watching Captain Pileggi. Should he retrace his steps and return home down another street? He had no idea how long