“The work is wrong. Your maths is atrocious!” She tuts. “Look at that, right there, right there glaring you in the face. It’s as plain as the nose…”

He scowls. “I don’t see it. This is all made up. You’re always trying to make me doubt myself.”

Missy stretches a hand towards the board, the scent of leather and powder ghosting from her arm. She touches the slate with a manicured nail. “There. See, Doctor?”

He reads it over to himself, and the silence is an admission.

“How did I not see that before?” He picks up the eraser and rubs out everything after the error. He turns to her, tender, and the apology hangs between them, unspoken but heard by both.

“I was right. You need me.”

“Yes.”

~

Missy appears and rests her chin on his shoulder as he sits at the Wurlitzer. He keeps on moving over slow chord changes, contemplating a sequence, approximation in human scales (in human scale) of a progression from their childhood.

She reaches around him and floats her hands over his on the keyboard, palms just touching his knuckles, fingers brushing fingers, featherlight as though they’re barely there. She hums the old tune over his harmonies, staying with him until he finds a resolution.

“Don’t you want to see it?”

He’s silent, straining still to hear the faint sounds fade away.

“Don’t you want to see Gallifrey, again? No, don’t answer that. I know you do. So what’s the matter? What are you so afraid of?”

You, he thinks. I’m afraid of you.

“I reckon you’ll have to face it eventually, and you might as well let me help you. You’re all alone.”

“I’ll be fine,” he says.

“You don’t sound fine.” She curls her fingers so they thread through his. His own spasm, splay, and then relax, bending into the touch. She presses close to murmur into his ear.

“You’re putting it off, trying to pretend it never happened, that I never gave you those coordinates; you’re trying to ignore it, just like you ignore your losses, just like you did for all that time after you brought Gallifrey back, trying not to look. Scared. Coward. ‘What will they say? What will they do? What will they make me do?' You want it so much, and yet you don’t want to face it. You don’t want to face the possibility you might not be wanted, or the possibility it might not be what you think, or even the possibility it might not be there at all.

“Look at me, Doctor!”

He turns his head to look up at her as she pulls away, and she smiles the satisfied smile of someone who likes to be obeyed.

“Come on,” she says, looking him in the eye. “Let’s face it together.”

~

“That wasn’t very you.”

It’s later, and they’re side by side in the console room, contemplating the familiar coordinates, the ones written into their memories before they could walk.

“You don’t think I want to do things with you, together?”

“I don’t think you want to help me. And I really didn’t think you wanted to go back to Gallifrey.”

Gallifrey that was in chaos. Gallifrey in thrall to a mad god. Gallifrey on which the Master had died (for the Doctor, the Master died for the Doctor).

She brings one hand out from behind her back, smoothes her palm over the metallic console edge, pauses where two panels meet, and rests it there. Taps her fingers in soundless succession.

“I just want what you want?” Even as she says it, Missy doesn’t seem convinced.

“Why?”

She shrugs. “If I’m stuck here with you, I might as well.”

“Oh, so I’m just an entertainment to you, am I? Just a way to pass the time when you’ve nowhere else to go? You’re going to do what I want because it’s easier than the alternative? Thank you very much but no thank you, Miss Missy Mistress!”

They both know exactly how true that is. Still, her mouth curves again, sardonic. The corners of her eyes crinkle.

“Are you sure it’s little old me you’re talking about? Doesn’t matter,” she says. “Look at yourself.”

The viewscreen flickers silver. Startled, he frowns into it, staring at his own reflection before toggling the zoom to look at hers beside him.

But by then she’s already gone.

~

He sends the TARDIS hurtling through space, no inputs except parameters for margins of avoidance, going nowhere, as they say, very fast. Just running. He needs the sensation of motion