come to see you."

"So you are in London alone?" Why hadn't he noticed her? Well, to be fair, he hadn't been looking for her. At all.

"Not exactly. Do you like Chinese food? This is a specialty from Shanghai. My maid gave me the recipe."

"I am not very hungry, but I will sit with you."

"How rude. After I went through the trouble to prepare all of this."

"You broke into my flat."

"Well I didn't have the keys now, did I?"

She went to the kitchen and came back with a divine smelling dish which she put on the hot pad in the centre of the table.

"It's not poisoned, if that's what is worrying you. I wouldn't have gone through the trouble of coming to see you if I only wanted you dead. And why would I?"

"Why did you come?"

"My husband is staying in London on business for a few days."

"Why did you come here?"

She sat at the table and took off her kerchief anther apron. She was wearing a dress the colour other lips. Her face was painted in the same way it had been that night she had believed to have beaten Sherlock Holmes.

"Any news from John?" she asked casually.

"He is fine."

"Good. That's good to hear. His wife?"

"Very well."

"Have you met her? Lovely, isn't she?"

"I suppose you have met her, then?"

"Only once."

"And may I ask who your husband is?"

She smiled thinly as she served him.

"Samuel Hupaetos."

The glimmer in her eyes told Mycroft she knew this was the last piece of the puzzle he needed to make sense of Sherlock's little excursion in Karlštejn. His face became even colder.

"I trust you to be discreet about this. Your brother needs me. You wouldn't want anything bad to happen to me."

"Of course not. What did you want to discuss?"

"Do you know where Sherlock is?"

Mycroft arched an eyebrow.

"Don't you?"

"I do. I am asking if you do, Mr. Holmes."

"Not at the moment," he admitted reluctantly.

"I see. Tell me Mr. Holmes, do you have anything on your mind lately? Something bothering you?"

"You mean apart from Sherlock?"

"What is it about him that bothers you?"

Mycroft stared.

"I'm afraid I do not quite see your point, Ms. Adler."

"Answer me, and you will see it."

Mycroft's eyes turned to slits.

"What do you want from me, Ms. Adler?"

Irene sighed wearily.

"You really are uncooperative. Such a pity."

She put her chopsticks down and stood up to leave. Mycroft looked at her in puzzlement as she truly seemed about to go just like this. His expression became darker.

"His return," he said finally. Irene stopped in her track and turned back.

"See, it wasn't that difficult," she noted. Mycroft remained quiet.

"Is there anything you would like to let me know?" he inquired coolly.

"Mm, where should I begin?" She smirked. Mycroft did not bat an eyelid. Apparently disappointed that her teasing did not strike a chord, Irene went on: "He won't come back, you know. Not as things are."

"As things are?"

She looked at him pointedly.

"He doesn't have anything to come back to."

Mycroft frowned slightly.

"Because 221B is already occupied?"

She shook her head. "Because there is no reason, to him, that he should go back to 221B. Don't you understand?"

"He no longer cares, does he?"

"I don't know. I think not. He won't come back."

They fell silent. Irene kept eating gracefully, and Mycroft was staring at his plate, pensive.

"Why did you come to tell me this?"

"Because maybe you will find a way."

"To make him come back?" Mycroft snorted. "I'm afraid you overestimate my authority upon him, Ms. Adler."

"To make him remember," she corrected smoothly.

"I still fail to see how I would be the best person for such a mission."

"Because he wouldn't expect it. Not from you. Plus, you could lie to him."

"So could you."

"No, Mr. Holmes. You could lie to him, and he believe you."

Mycroft looked out the window of his living-room. The curtains hadn't been drawn. Tonight the moon wasn't visible.

"It isn't time yet."

"If you say so."

She checked her watch.

"I'm afraid I have been here for too long already. I did not expect you to come home so late."

"Well, if you had made your visit known in advance