thruster deeper Dean arched his back and pulled Cas’s wings while moaning “right there.” Cas nodded and started thrusting into Dean at the same angle over and over! “Fuck! Yes!” Dean moaned. “Damn you’re squeezing me so tight.” Cas groaned as he picked up his pace.
“Harder!” Dean moaned out as he pinched his own nipple with one hand and pulled at Castiel’s wing with the other. Cas started thrusting harder and faster. He would pull almost completely out before thrusting back in as hard and deep as he could landing on Dean prostate every time! “Yes!! Yes!” Dean groaned out as he felt the build up. Cas continued to Fuck Dean as he bit on Dean neck and sucked his claim onto Dean. “Fuck!” Cas groaned. Dean started trying to meet Cas thrust with his own. “ so close! I’m so close!” He groaned. Dean moved his hand to touch himself but Can stopped him. “You’re gonna cum just from my cock.” Cas whispered in Dean’s ear like it was a secret.
Dean’s eyes opened a little in surprised and he looked at Cas through his lust blown eyes and managed to say “yes!” Cas started thrusting harder, faster, and deeper than he already was and he pulled at Dean’s nipples. “Yes!! FUCK!! OHHJ! AHHH!! CAS!!!” Dean screamed as his balls pulled closer to his body and he came on his and Cas’s stomach. Cas continued to fuck Dean through his orgasm. He thruster three more times before Dean clamping down on his cock became to much as he shoot his load into Dean while quietly muttering “Dean” over and over.
As Cas and Dean came down from the best orgasm that either of them had ever felt they looked into each other’s eyes and rested their heads together. After a few minutes Cas gently pulled out of Dean and played down beside him. The two of them looked around the room and noticed it was destroyed because of Castiel’s grace but neither of them cared. Cas pulled Dean close and kissed his neck and whispered to him ’~“ I love you Dean. Happy Birthday!” Dean smiled and said “ love you to!” Before he closed his eyes and enjoyed the warmth of being wrapped in Cas’s arms. They would clean up and deal with the mess later but for now they were happy and content right where they were!
Destiel nsfw bottom!dean top!cas bareback pwp creampie rimming blowjob wing!kink nipple play
7 notes Aug 25th, 2015

 

MORE YOU MIGHT LIKE

cassondrawinchester
Birthday porn from Blackwater101
cassondrawinchester:
Birthday to Remember- Destiel
Dean groaned as he slammed baby’s door. Today was his 30th birthday so he had decided to go to this little strip club find a hot chick and have some fun. He had been at the place for about an hour and several of the strippers had seemed interested but none of them had blue eyes that could see into his soul. None of their lips were pink enough, the right size and they didn’t seem dry yet oh so soft at the same time. After trying to find someone who at least caught his interest Dean had finally given up went to a store got some beer and headed back to the bunker.
Dean got a few steps from the car when he realised that he wasn’t holding any bag. He groaned again and went back to the car and got his back this time closing the door easier. As he headed into the place that him and Sam and sometimes Cas considered home he was confused to see the lights off except for his room.
“Sam?” He called out as he closed the door. No answer. Dean took his angel knife out and looked around as he walked to his room. Before he left Sam hadn’t said that he would be leaving but knowing him he went out to get some more rabbit food.
Dean figured that since he had already called out there was no need to pretend that he wasn’t there so he turned on the light as he walked down the hall. When he entered his room didn’t know what to expect but he definitely wasn’t expecting what he saw.
Laying in the middle of Dean’s bed was a naked Cas eyes closed, mouth slightly opened as he slowly stroked his cock. Dean couldn’t do anything but just sand there eyes wide in disbelief. After a second Dean came back to his senses and said “Cas, what the hell?”. Cas opened his eyes a little and looked into Dean’s and said" Happy Birthday Dean.. I’m your present.“ Dean slowly walked into his room closing the door behind him and swallowing hard. Cashier’s eyes were once again closed as he ran his hand over his chest and pinches his nipples.
“Cas, are you sure?” Dean managed to mutter just above a whisper as he stared at the beautiful angel in front of him. Cas didn’t say anything he just nodded as he moaned out “Dean!” Dean slowly made his way to the bed as he squeezed his