“You’re a lesbian.”

“Yeah, but he’s sexy as hell.”

“That’s exactly what I mean! Everyone is so smitten by him and they can’t even see him for what he is.” Cas said, voice raising dangerously as he practically yelled the last part.

“Well, I’m sorry, but I just don’t understand why you have such a problem with him. And on that note, here’s my house. Peace out, bitch. Try not to get your panties all in a bunch over this whole Dean thing.” Charlie said, saluting Cas as she walked up her drive way.

Cas shook his head, for once wishing at least Charlie shared his opinion on something. As he continued to walk home alone, he tried to stop dwelling on the boy, but he couldn’t seem to take his mind off of Dean Winchester.

Helloooo <3Here's the new chapter, again, it's pretty short (sorry :c)I hope you're all liking this so far. I have a few ideas where the rest of this will go, so I hope you stick around if you like it.Next chapter should (hopefully) be up within a week.

P.S. Thanks to those who left kudos and commented! It means a lot!

Cas led a surprisingly normal life, when he was at home. All of the students at school who were afraid of him probably thought he liked to spend his time performing satanic rituals or tearing the wings off of insects for fun, but in reality, he didn’t do all that much at home, and today was no different. When he got home, still fired up from the confrontation in chemistry, he changed out of his jeans and into some gym shorts and flopped on to his bed with his computer. He was trying to bullshit some homework but got sidetracked when he heard his phone vibrate from across the room. At first he ignored it, but a second text followed soon after.

Who could possibly be texting me?

When Cas finally willed himself to get off of his bed and find his phone, he saw that it was Charlie who had texted him. Of course.

Charlie: Hey, I need help on my math homework

Charlie: I’m coming over.

Nooo. I can’t deal with Charlie right now. I just want to chill at home alone. Cas thought.

He texted Charlie that he was busy and couldn’t have her over.

Charlie: Too late, I’m already here.

Cas sighed and ambled to the front door, letting Charlie in. She walked into his house without so much as a hello and went to the kitchen, calculus book in her hands. When Cas went after her after closing and locking the front door, he found her seated at the kitchen table, patting the seat next to her with a smirk on her face.

“Don’t you know you’re supposed to, ya’know, ask permission, or something, before coming over and walking right in to someone’s house?”

“You know I’m a forward person. But that’s what you love about me.” Charlie replied.

“One, I don’t love you. Two, I really did have plans today.” Cas said.

“Oh really? Plans to do what?”

“Play videogames.”

“Oh. Well then I guess I better leave... “Charlie said, sarcastically. Cas gestured toward the door with his hands, as if guiding her out.

“Your video games are clearly more important than me passing calculus.” Cas again pointed to the door.

 “Especially since I won’t graduate if I fail.” Charlie looked at Cas with sad eyes. He wasn’t budging.

“Which I am currently doing.”

Cas and Charlie glared at each other for 30 seconds before Cas looked down and finally relented, sitting next to Charlie to help her with her homework.

“I knew you loved me.” Charlie said, smirking.

“Yeah, just keep telling yourself that.” Cas replied. “So what do you need help with?”

“Integration. I don’t like it one bit.” Charlie replied.

After trying to teach Charlie how to integrate, Cas sat at the table and watched as she quietly did her homework.

“So why do you hate Dean anyway?” Charlie asked, looking up from her homework.

“I don’t know. So why are you in my house if you understand your calculus enough to strike up a conversation rather than work on your homework?” Cas asked.

“God, you’re an asshole. I was just trying to ask you an honest question. We’re friends, and friends talk to each other about important things. And I think this is important, seeing as how you’re obviously dwelling on it. And anything that makes you even more of a bitter douchebag must be a pretty big deal. So why do you hate him?” Charlie asked nervously.

Cas was about to give one of his world-famous