sticking up as usual, and now, a familiar woman on my arm in the shadows, or better yet, wrapped up in my arms in a bed.

I couldn’t get enough of her. I felt as though she was utterly intoxicating, every kiss on my neck, every moan against my ear was even more electric than the last. I loved touching her, hearing her breath get heavy against me, and I loved knowing the kind of impact we shared on each other. I just adored her. God, I love her still. I always will.

Before she was taken from me, we had one of my favourite memories in the world. The memory that shapes my life, my motivation, everything that makes me who I am now.

I remember everything so clearly. So…vividly.

I remember that some of her hair draped over my arm whilst she lay against my chest, bare skin pressed against skin; her legs and mine tangled up with one another. She was playing with my necklace, the dogtags with my name stamped into the steel clinking against the chain, and we lay together, in perfect stillness. I’ve never felt so contented. I never knew you could.

“Lena,” she spoke softly into the moment, and I kissed her head in acknowledgement. “Can I talk to you about something personal, cherie?”

“Of course, love. What is it?”

Her hand tightened around my waist, and her face nuzzled into my neck. I felt her grinning with her cheek pushing against my jawline, and her lips brushed my neck. I could feel her acting…coy, almost. I was a little taken aback, but I felt a buzzing excitement rushing through my veins.

“I want...to leave Gérard, to be with you, properly. I am so tired of all this sneaking around, amour. I want to be with you.”

I felt tears rush to me in a happy disbelief, but I held it together. I felt my insides begging her to continue, every second seeming like an hour between her pauses. I could still feel her smiling.

I pulled her closer to me.

“Go on,” I mumbled softly, and I felt her exhale with relief on my neck.

“When I leave him…” she continued, and paused for a moment. I couldn’t take it, but I forced myself to.

Please, I thought to myself, please keep saying what I’ve wanted you to say since the moment I saw you. I was in bloody ecstasy. 

“…I want to leave here, forever, with you. I want to start new somewhere, Lena."

My body vibrated waiting for the phrase I wanted to say so badly that I ached.

"I love you.” she finally finished, a tremble in her voice.

It was at that moment that amidst such a small sentence with such heavy words, such beautiful, life changing words, I realized that during the numb excitement, her nails were unintentionally digging into my hip. She was terrified I’d say no. She really was terrified I would seriously say no.

“Amélie…” I began, and I couldn’t stop the tears from overwhelming my eyes. They fell down my cheeks, but the smile on my face made it obvious how I felt. Her eyes went from concern to panic to sheer, pure relief, and her hands cupped my face. I didn’t need to say anything in that moment. I pulled her close and god, I kissed her all day long after that. All that came from my voicebox, until I managed the phrase I'd been so longing to say came from my lips, between our kisses was the word yes, over and over again.

Yes, yes, yes. Be mine, Amélie. We’ll leave this place, start somewhere else. Let’s forget Overwatch and everything. Let’s just leave whilst we still can. Let’s do it, Amélie. Me and you, together.

"I love you too, love. I really love you too."

 

The night I got the call that they took her was the worst night of my life.

…Which was later seconded, only by the first time I saw her after the transformation.

 “Tracer,” I remember Winston saying to me on the other end of the phone, voice cracked, clearly emotional. I braced myself for the worst, feeling the heat of my cheek pressed against the screen with anxiety, waiting to hear news that Amélie had died, been killed in action, anything but what he said. “They’ve got her. They’ve – Talon…have taken Amélie, and we can’t find her. She’s…she’s just…completely vanished. Gone off the radar.”

Heartbreak doesn’t quite begin to express what I felt at that moment.

I remember going silent for a few minutes, prompting Winston to continually ask if I was still there, could I hear him, did I want any comfort. I could hardly process anything. I pressed the end