this?” asked the woman’s voice on the other end of the phone.

“Y/N,” you replied, sharply. “Who is this and why do you have Spencer’s phone?”

“I’m his wife,” was all she had to say. Three words that ripped apart your world in less than two seconds. How could he have done that to you? How could he happily live such a lie?

The conversation went on for a long time, firstly for the woman on the phone to prove she was who she was and then for you to explain just how you’d been involved with him. Neither of you could quite believe just how he’d gotten away with it, but what was worse, how neither of you had suspected a thing.

“So, how long have you been seeing him?” she asked, calming down from a short sobbing moment.

“About… two years?” you answered.

“Oh my God,” gasped his wife.

“We can’t let him get away with this,” you exclaimed after a moment of thought. “I’m coming to DC and we’re going to confront him.”

There was a long pause as the other woman either collected her thoughts or broke down even more. You could hear her sniffing still, trying not to cry but when she did eventually speak again, there was no wavering in her conviction.

“I have a better idea,” she said, firmly. “But you still need to come to DC.”

…

When you’d first heard the plan, you wanted to slam the phone down and never look back; but as the tears rolled down your cheeks and the pain set in, your apprehension turned to will. Just over a month later, you sat in the car wearing your leather gloves and plain grey dress. Waiting.

In the darkness of the alley, the black paint kept you hidden in the shadows, your grip on the steering wheel tightening with each passing moment. Nerves caused your stomach to churn and swirl but your will had to remain strong.

In the distance, two figures stepped out of a doorway; moving along the pavement towards you, just like you knew they would. As they stepped into a pool of light from a street light, she could see that it was Spencer.

Suddenly, all of his endearing features filled your stomach with a sickness and set your teeth on edge. All of the doubt had been removed, knowing just how he’d manipulated you into believing that you were the only one he cared about.

Opposite him, his wife stopped in the light, her face obscured by the shadows as she began her speech. You knew every word that was being said and you could see it on his face. The way he tucked his hair behind his ear before shaking his head, the way he swallowed hard and pursed his lips to hold back anything that might flood out of him.

Then came the signal. Spencer’s wife raised her arms, crying out at him as he tried to calm her down.

Your hand reached for the key, turning it slowly and letting the engine roll over. Flicking over the stalk, you turned on the headlights before shifting into gear and rolling forward. As Spencer’s wife grabbed hold of his shirt, you pressed your foot to the floor, turning off the lights with only a few yards to go.

There was satisfaction in the look of sheer horror on his face the moment he saw you through the windscreen; his wife pushing him into your path just in time to step back and watch as two tonnes of steel connected with flesh and bone. The high grill slammed into his waist, shattering his pelvis but more importantly, dragging his legs under the front wheels. From inside the car, several dull thuds from under the wheels told you it was all over, allowing you to turn on your lights, pull out of the end of the alleyway and head for the state line.


Two months ago his wife called the number on his phoneTurns out he’d been lying to both of them for oh so longThey decided then he’d never get away with doing this to themTwo black Cadillacs waiting for the right time, right time


It was clear in the light of day that she’d shared the same memory as a smile spread across her lips when she saw you. Anyone else would have seen a sympathetic smile between two caring friends but they both knew otherwise. No words passed between them, just a brief nod and a red lipstick smile.

All of the words that passed between everyone were warm and heartfelt except for those passed from his wife’s lips and from yours. The priest who performed the service had spoken of Spencer as an agent, who saved lives through his intellect and his caring while Derek spoke more about the man himself and the best friend he’d ever had; breaking down into tears before he could finish his eulogy. The entire team he worked with were in tears, some having come from far afield to pay their respects, but neither you nor his wife shed a single tear for the man who