lost cause. No one knew what happened to Ferid Bathory after Krul returned to the power.

It was said that the vampires and humans have reached a stalement but in reality, a silent treaty was made during Krul’s time with the Moon Demon Company.

She invited Mika to join her but he refused to stay with Yuu again. Over time, he grew fond of Shinoa’s squad but it was still a stretch for him to accept them as his family. They all respected this but they still considered him as part of the family.

He was thankful that Shinya made arrangements for him and Yuu to stay within the Shibuya base but a safe distance away from the humans. Along with the help Shinoa’s squad and trusted individuals, they found a house for Yuu and Mika to reside in between the inner wall and the outer wall. It made things difficult for Yuu as he was still technically part of the JIDA and had to travel back within the inner walls from time to time. But that was no longer an issue.

A little over a year after the war, the search to reverse vampirism started. Six years have passed and Mika was 26 but stuck in a 16 years old body.

He would love to feel what it was like to be human and eat with Yuu when he returned home from his duties, but he had no right to complain. He was just happy that Yuu accepted him, even if he was a vampire.

“What were you thinking about?” Mika could feel Yuu’s strong arms wrap around his waist as he rested his head on the blond’s shoulder.

“Shinoa is coming to visit tomorrow. I don’t know if I’m ready,” Mika admitted as he continued to stare out at the remains of buildings that were over taken by nature. Many of the buildings that stood tall crumbled under the destructive force of the horsemen and were unable to withstand time.

“Her kids love you,” Yuu said and placed a gentle kiss on the side of Mika’s face. “At least the older one does.”

“And her twins hate me,” Mika concluded as he slumped back into Yuu’s chest.

“They’re still young,” Yuu said and shifted to pick up Mika bridal style. Mika let out a small squeak at the sudden action and Yuu laughed as he carried him to the couch. He sat down with the blond on his lap, both savouring the closeness the act brought.

“They’re turning 2 in a month, Yuu-chan. I doubt a 2 years old child knows that I’m a vampire. They just instinctively don’t like me,” Mika sighed.

“They’ll come to like you. They’re fine around me,” Yuu said and Mika was unable to supress his sigh. The blond shifted so that he was straddling Yuu with his two legs bent on each of Yuu’s side. He brought his hands up to cup Yuu’s face while Yuu’s hands rested on Mika’s hips.

Mika softly ran his thumb over the skin under his eyes. Bright green eyes that once stared back into his very soul had been replaced by striking red eyes that still shone with affection and love that he yearned for.

“I’m sorry,” Mika whispered as he felt the uneasiness and guilt rise inside him. Yuu scowled when he noticed Mika averting his gaze.

“Don’t apologize for something that was not your fault.”

“But I-”

“It was my choice, Mika,” Yuu insisted as he drew Mika closer to his body. Mika moved his arms to rest them on Yuu’s shoulders while he sighed into his neck. The warmth that once radiated from Yuu ceased when he was turned into a vampire two years ago.

Mika still remembered how his world crashed into nothingness when Yoichi came by to tell him that Yuu went missing. He went through an array of emotions after asking the brunet to leave him alone, emotions he didn’t think he still had. He contemplated on asking for Krul’s help since Yuu had already been missing and not found for four days.

But that every night was when Yuu returned, but as a vampire. Mika felt so many emotions in one day he thought he was going crazy. He was surprised, relieved, angry, confused, and then finally dejected. He had failed to protect Yuu.

“No one wants to be a vampire,” Mika hissed but nuzzled closer to the vampire underneath him.

“But I don’t mind if I get to spend my time with you,” Yuu retorted gently as he brought one of his hands up to toy with the ends of Mika’s hair.

“Idiot,” Mika breathed but a soft blush settled on his face. He still didn’t know why he was feeling different sorts of emotions when it comes to Yuu. They tried to tell him that what he was feeling was love but there was no way for vampires to feel such complicated emotions. And yet he is being embraced by Yuu, who had completed his transformation after getting help from the vampire queen herself.

“Hey