it was a statement.

Ah. Shit.  

No, references to his new sanguivorous palate wouldn’t go over too well, would they? He mentally hit himself for slipping up and broaching the proverbial elephant in the room.

It would have been nice to pretend for just a little while longer.

But, Lance supposed with a deep sigh, it was only a matter of time before other hunters came to check on Hunk. Time to get to the matter at hand.

He pulled away from the other man’s arms completely, taking a few steps backward, the two of them facing off now, watching each others eyes.  The crumbling walls of the church did little to shield them from the chill autumn wind as it blew through the space between them, rustling the other man’s long trench coat, his ebony locks glistening under the moonlight.

“Man, what the hell are you doing in the Order?” His words echoed loudly through the eerily silent, dilapidated sanctuary, sounding more accusatory than he had intended. But he couldn’t help it; He felt… hurt?

He didn’t know this man. This wasn’t the timid, nervous boy he’d grown up with who somehow always seemed to be looking out for Lance despite being one year younger. This wasn’t the brainy mechanical engineering major who always found the time to stop by and help him with his math homework when he asked.  This wasn’t the man who, when Lance bent over the toilet heaving the cheap booze out of his guts the morning after he’d turned twenty-one less than a year ago, hadn’t said a single reproachful word, instead simply kneeling beside him with concern in his eyes and massaging his back.

And it certainly wasn’t the man who, mere days before the fateful night that lowered the curtain on Lance’s human existence, had spontaneously invited Lance to go for a drive in the old 2025 convertible he’d fixed up himself.

Lance had raised an eyebrow dubiously at the time, but went along with it anyway.  They drove for what felt like ages before finally ending up out at the Santa Monica Pier -- just in time to park the car and watch the golden sun set over the ocean.

A sight that Lance would never see again.

He remembered how whilst bathed in sinking rays of gentle sunlight and breathing in the salty ocean air, the man beside him had stayed strangely silent, fidgeting before reaching over to the passenger seat and placing a hand on Lance’s cheek.

The gentle sound of rolling waves had resounded through the air. Hunk’s hand had felt hot against his skin even then, so much hotter than even the rays of dying sunlight before them.

The leather seat of the convertible had creaked as the other man leaned forward, and it had occurred to Lance for one crazy second that he was about to be kissed. Lance had tilted his head, slowly moving his face closer to meet Hunk halfway -- until that damned necklace had jingled as it slipped forward on Hunk’s neck.

The other man had suddenly gotten a panicked look on his face then, and Lance knew he was thinking of the first excuse he could when he pretended to be point out what might have been a turtle in the distance behind Lance’s back. The laugh that followed was a little too forced and boisterous. He quickly leaned back into his own seat, pulling his hand away, leaving Lance confused and slightly frustrated. It wasn’t fair, he couldn’t compete with a dead girl.

That man and this man weren’t the same person. And it hurt.

How long had Hunk been with the Order? Surely no small amount of time for him to reach this level of skill. How long had Lance been oblivious?  A million questions swirled through Lance’s mind, none of which he had an answer to.

For a long while, only the sound of the wind answered him. But then Hunk turned toward him, meeting Lance’s gaze with steeled resolve in his eyes, and opened his mouth.

“I’ve been a member of the Order of Balmera since Shay’s death.  So, almost four years now.” He looked away, his next words a subdued murmur. “It was the only way I could cope.”

A heavy creak as Hunk’s military-grade combat boots began pacing slowly over the broken floorboards.

“That night you disappeared… I knew immediately it was the work of vampires as soon as I heard the news. A person just up and vanishing from their home, yet there are signs of struggle…” He stopped pacing and shook his head. “Too many unanswered questions.  Too much like Shay’s murder.” 

Lance raised an eyebrow at the word ‘murder’. The reports all those years ago had deemed Shay’s death a suicide.

Hunk took a deep breath as though steadying himself, then continued.

“I was a mess, Lance. It was like…first they took Shay, then they took you from me too.” Hunk reached up to finger the golden crucifix around his