Lydia’s daughter.

They walked up to the house. But the closer Stiles got, the slower he walked. The neighbor haven’t noticed them yet, but he already looked pretty pissed. A little girl that was sitting beside him at the table had a sour look on her face too. Stiles took few deep breaths and walked up to the man.

“Good morning.” he said with what he hoped was a charming smile.

His politeness must have surprised the man because he stood up with his eyebrows raised.

“Hello.” he answered coldly, but without the venom from the night before.

‘Well it’s going better then I thought it would.’ Stiles thought and looked at the girl sitting at the table.

“Hi.” he said.

She barley glanced at him and came back to glaring at her breakfast. Well the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.

“I wanted to...” Stiles began and stared at the pot on the table. With a sigh he looked away from it. “I wanted to apologize for what happened in the morning. We made a lot of noise and I hit your car.. I’m really sorry about it.”

To his surprise the neighbors face softened immediately.

“It is me that should be sorry. I shouldn’t have risen my voice at you, I had a tough day yesterday.” he pointedly looked at his daughter. “And an even worse evening. I wasn’t in my best mood.”

His apologies where the last thing Stiles aspected. 

“In the end you were mostly right. I’m really sorry for all the trouble.”

“It’s okay. I suggest we forget all about it and start fresh. Sounds good?”

“Of course.” Stiles grinned and extended his hand. “I’m Stiles Stilinski and this is Clara.”

“Peter Hale, a pleasure.”

They shook hands.

‘He has nice hands.’ Stiles thought to himself. ‘Big, and warm.’

For the first time Stiles really looked at the man before him. He was probably twice Stiles’s age, but it wasn’t his looks that gave it away, it was his slightly smug expression and an aura that emanated confidence and knowledge. He was quite muscular. Stiles regretted not pitting on something nicer than his old red hoodie, maybe some thither jeans would do... Oh, for God’s sake, Stiles! That man has a daughter! Just because he doesn’t look like he wants to kill you anymore, it doesn’t mean he wants to fuck you. Besides he’s not as good looking as Jackson... well, no one really is... No, he was not going there he came on this vacation to get over Jackson and that’s what he was going to do. So he will stop thinking about that asshole right now, he will just focus on the neighbor that might give him coffee.

Peter was saying something to the girl with an angry expression. She looked Stiles and Clara over, mumbled something that sounded suspiciously like “good morning” and glared at her food again. 

“This is Sophie. I’m sorry about her.” Peter let out a tired sigh, then turned back to Stiles. “Maybe you would like some coffee? It’s still hot.”

“I would loved to. Actually...” Clara kicked him (not so) lightly to signalize that her patience was running low. “We came to ask if you could maybe borrow us some food, there’s nothing in the house and the road to town is long...”

“Of course. Sophie, go and bring something for our guests. Don’t forget about a cup for Mr. Stilinski.”

Sophie raised her eyebrows, witch made her look a lot like her father.

“I don’t know where the cups are.”

“Then go and look.” Peter growled at his daughter.

Luckily Clara, bless that child, cut in before Peter lost his temper completely.

“Maybe I can help” she offered and without waiting for an answer she grabbed Sophie’s arm and dragged her into the house.

Stiles let out a sigh of relief,he definitely wasn’t in a mood to see a father-daughter quarrel, well at least not without coffee.

“Please, sit.” Peter all but showed Stiles into a chair. “I am very sorry about her behavior.”

“How old is she?”

“Eight.”

“Clara is nine. They’ll be inseparable in a second.” 

“Sadly, my daughter tries to be as separated as possible from everyone.”

“You don’t know Clara. Trust me. She can put anyone in line, just like her mother. They were supposed to come here together, but Lydia had an accident.”

“Anything serious?”

“A guy tripped her on the stairs by accident. She has a broken wrist and a twisted ankle. But I’m sure that by now she's running around in seven inches heels and bossing everyone around. Lyds wanted to cancel the reservation, but Clara was really excited when she heard