The two slavers before him went down in a flurry of dagger strikes from Lavellan, he could hear the two other men yelling a few feet away.  Lavellan fought off his last victim, dodging a maul and plunging his dagger into the man’s throat.  He fell with a gurgle.

Lavellan whipped around to see the elf, one slaver, and the shadowy figure from the rooftops in a skirmish.  Both of them seemed to be pulling on the elven teenager, pulling the girl off of her feet and trapping her arms in holds.  

The third slaver was already on the ground, unmoving.  Lavellan threw himself into the fray with the remaining slaver and against this shadowy captor.  The slaver yelled in surprise as Lavellan’s steel arm cracked against his skull and the man crumpled to the ground.

Whirling around with his dagger, Lavellan tossed himself against the shadowy figure who had the elf by the arms.  The figure tossed the elf to the side and parried Lavellan’s dagger, grabbing the weapon and twisting it out of his hand.  His former-weapon wielding hand then became a weapon against himself as the figure twisted his hand the wrong way and effectively halted the ex-Inquisitor in his steps.

Lavellan swung out with his metal hand at the figure’s head.  Their hand darted up to parry, but only softened the blow from his metal limb as it struck them.  The figure fell to the ground and he pounced after.  Before he beset his prey, the figure tumbled back onto their feet with all the grace of a gymnast and pointed his dagger at his face, mere inches from his eyes.  

Lavellan stopped in his tracks, he glanced to the left, hoping to see the young elf running from her would-be captor.  Instead, the teenager had look of condescension and mild disgust upon her face, like every teenager he had seen before.  His eyes flicked to his opponent, who still held a knife and he realized, I’ve made a huge mistake. 

As if the figure had heard his mind, it answered with a feminine voice, “Everyone makes fatal mistakes…”

Lavellan’s muscles tightened, so this was it?

The figure continued, “Luckily, your mistake isn’t fatal today.”

Lavellan didn’t dare move an inch as he regarded his feminine opponent.  The moon had risen and cast down cold light so he could see clearly that a brown-haired human in dark leather armor still held his own dagger at his eyes.  She had the smallest of smirks on her lips and her eyes were narrowed in some absurd cross of humor and calculation.  

Her head tilted slightly, “Are you some type of benevolent good-doer? Here to save my colleague from harm?” She asked mockingly.

The elf giggled a bit at that.  The human lowered the weapon pointed at his face and she motioned a little for him to be at ease.  

Lavellan was very much not at ease.  In attempting to do something good, it seems like he stepped in a pile of halla dung.  How was he going to get himself out of this one? What were an elf and a human doing working these kinds of areas anyway? Some type of thievery? He stood still evaluating his options around him.

The woman looked at the dagger she had disarmed from him, “Tevinter make.  You’re a long way from home.”

Lavellan hadn’t responded before and he wasn’t about to start now.  The human didn’t seem to be bothered by his silence.  She flipped the dagger to the elf who secreted it away in her armors.  Lavellan almost croaked an objection.  That dagger didn’t have any special meaning to him, but he had pilfered it from someone in Tevinter before he left.  It was some obscure reminder of his new residence with Dorian.

He glanced over at the woman, then back to the elf, who had vanished.  The woman plotted around the deserted area and poked at a few of the slavers, admiring his handiwork.  

“You’re also quite proficient at murdering slavers.”  Her head turned away from him to look over at another corpse and he thought he saw an opening, possibly to dash her head with his replacement hand again.  He inched forward, then froze as her eyes locked onto him again.  There was a bit of humor in them. “I, too, like that flavor of misconduct.”

Lavellan lowered his arm from the miniscule inch or two it had been raised, “What?” He finally squeaked out, not sure if he heard her right.  He had been focusing so much on his escape that he didn’t seem to believe that it wasn’t needed at this moment.

“So you aren’t mute! What a surprise!” The woman proclaimed with a bit of a laugh.  Her tone was one that he had heard several times out of Dorian.  The similarity made him a little suspicious.  “Murdering slavers is a habit of mine.  They’re sprouting like weeds recently.”

A lot of things rushed through his mind, the slave network he was organizing with Fenris being the primary thing.  Was that city elf colleague