.

“Go see what we have for security footage,” she said to David, not looking away. “Maybe he slipped up, showed his face…”

David made a skeptical noise, but didn't argue with her. All the bases had to be checked, regardless of how unlikely it was that any of those bases had something useful. 

And it was unlikely. Emma marveled, almost admiringly, how clean and invisible the theft had been. Most— no matter how professional—left something:  a tiny scratch when  the object slipped in their slight anxious hands, a little dirt from their shoes…Getting past exhausted security guards was one thing, but this was like the thief had whisked it away with magic. 

“Beautiful, isn't it?”

Emma closed her eyes, gritting her teeth at the familiar smoky voice. “What are you doing here?”

“I think the question should be, ‘what are you doing here so late?’” He emerged from the shadowed corner with his usual crooked grin, propping himself up deliberately against the empty wall. “You know I would never forget date night.”

“Cassidy, get out of here, I’m working!” 

“You’re always working,” he exhaled. “Work, work, work—what about us?”

Emma looked at the ceiling, sending up the same prayer she sent whenever Cassidy showed up to one of her crime scenes. God…whatever I did to deserve this…please. I’m sorry.

Neal Cassidy was Storybooke’s curse: a petty thief, too clever to get caught on legal technicalities, and too proud not to brag about it. He had too many tricks, too many shadowed accomplices, too many alibis with all his shady jobs that he changed every week…If he hadn't been so annoying, she might have been impressed. 

He was as much a part of the town as the old clock tower or Granny’s diner. Everyone knew him, and he knew everybody—even the shop owners he ripped off seemed to hold an exasperated sort of affection for him. Granny Lucas called him “a charming scoundrel”; Emma called him “a major pain in my ass”.

The first time she’d met him, she’d been on a patrol with David, familiarizing herself with the town at night. David—who’d grown up in Storybrooke, practically across the street from Cassidy—had nearly driven by him, but Emma had insisted he pull over to investigate the shadowy figure.

“It’s no one,” David had tried to tell her, but Emma—young and foolish as she was—refused to give in. 

Cassidy’s initial surprise had quickly turned to amusement, and before she knew it, he was countering her, “Why are you walking around by yourself at this hour?” with a smirk and, “You’re right—you should join me.” Since then, he’d expended a special effort to bump into her when she was on the clock, flirting with her to waste her time. Five years later, the “joke” had grown from “flirting” to “dating” to “relationship that’s lost its spark, we need to recapture the magic”. 

And sadly, it was the longest relationship she’d ever held down.

“You can’t be here,” Emma said, narrowing her eyes at him. “This is a crime scene.”

“I know,” he shrugged. “I heard one of Jefferson Hatter’s paintings were stolen, I had to see it.”

“How did you hear about that?” She’d only heard about it an hour ago, and she was the lead detective on the case. “Was it you?”

“Me?” Cassidy let out a surprised laugh. “I’m flattered you think I could pull something like this off, but no—not this time.” 

He straightened up with a sigh, clasping his hands behind his back as he strolled around the empty space, considering it. “I’ll tell you one thing, though,” he mused. “You’re dealing with a pro.”

“I know that.”

“I mean, this is his speciality,” Cassidy went on, as if she hadn't spoken. “He’s an art thief, by trade.” He brushed the wall with the tips of his fingers. “Most guys I know think the museum just use a nail and a hammer to hang these up, they don’t know about temperature sensors and shit.” He lowered his hand, frowning slightly. “But art thieves are attracted to the big cities, like Paris or New York…How the hell did one of them wind up in Storybrooke?”

“You seem to know a lot about it,” Emma said, raising a suspicious eyebrow. “You sure this wasn't you?”

“Nah, it’s too expensive.” Cassidy glanced at her over his shoulder, and winked. “Not really my style.”

“Well, if you’re not here to gloat, then why are you here?” Emma asked witheringly