hissed. “There's no way we can eat here. We haven't got the money and I – I don't look nearly posh enough to be here!”

 

“The bill is well taken care of,” Sherlock murmured, leaning his lips close to her ear. “And you look perfectly fine. If you can look good enough to greet continental royalty, you can certainly pass for posh in a London dining establishment.”

 

It warmed her heart to hear him say so, but Joan couldn't help glancing nervously at the other patrons. I should have taken more care with my make-up, she thought desperately; worn better jewelry! My shoes, oh god – these heels are a discount brand!

 

Sherlock, of course, was observing her tension. “Relax,” he said.

 

“All right,” she said. She took a deep breath but it didn't slow her pounding heart. Relax, she told herself sternly. You look great, you have every right to be here. This place isn't that high class.

 

The maître-d' quickly came to greet them. “Bonsoir, madame, monsieur.”

 


Oh god
!


 


Joan shrunk against Sherlock, who was unmoved. “Bonsoir,” he greeted in return. “J'ai fait une réservation 'y a une demi-heure, nous sommes deux – sur le nom « 
Holmes 
».”


 

Joan knew nothing about proper French accents (she'd taken German in sixth form) but Sherlock's sounded damn near perfect to her.

 

“Bien sûr, alo-ors...” he looked down at his computer and flicked the touch screen with his finger before nodding in approval. “Ahh oui, monsieur Holmes.” The name clearly sparked some recognition; his smile widened. “Suivez-moi, s'il vous plaît...”

 

Sherlock applied gentle pleasure to Joan's back, encouraging her forward.

 

Joan leaned over to his ear as they walked. “I didn't know you spoke French,” she hissed quietly.

 

“Of course I do,” he shot back, tilting his head into her. “I'm positive that I'd already told you my grandmother was French. Really, Joan. Do keep up.”

 

The maître-d' seated them both at a choice table near the large French windows. Sherlock pulled out Joan's chair for her, and she was flattered and a bit embarrassed at the display of chivalry before remembering that it was probably expected, given the environment.

 

“La carte,” said the man with flourish, passing them both velvet-covered menus. “Voulez-vous voir la carte des vins...?”

 

“Merci,” replied Sherlock, shaking his head. “'Y faut pas...” he put his finger to his lips with a wink. “Grâce à ma femme, voyez-vous...?”

 

“Ahh!” said the maître-d', beaming at Joan. “Toutes mes félicitations, madame!”

 

Joan was unsure of the context, but she could guess at the direction of the conversation and smiled weakly. “Uh, merci... boh-cooh?”

 

Sherlock sighed. The maître-d' said nothing, but pursed his lips and (mercifully) left them to discuss their dinner options. Joan had a feeling she wouldn't have a clue what the items were even if she could read the French, but Sherlock did his best to 'translate' the dinner menu for her.

 

“Don't worry,” he said after a pause in the conversation while Joan was picking her first course. “I will ensure that they are much more competent.”

 

Joan looked up from the menu, frowning. “What? Who?”

 

“The baby,” he said. “In French.”

 

She smacked his hand with the folded menu, drawing a few glances from the surrounding tables. “Shut up, you.”

 

“I'll start them early,” he mused, ignoring her. “I will have to acquire some children's books...”

 


Joan rolled her eyes and re-opened her menu, hiding her face behind it petulantly. Perhaps she imagined it, but she thought she heard Sherlock chuckle.


 

* * *

 


As a doctor, Joan knew that “morning sickness” was a misnomer and that pregnancy-related nausea could occur at any time of day; and yet, until now, she'd failed to really understand that her textbooks did mean 
any
 time of day.


 

Lying on the couch, positive that her face must actually be pale green, she was thankful that she was barely employed. Her nausea quite unfairly seemed to have no regular pattern at all. Fortunately – or perhaps cruelly – the nausea rarely made her actually vomit, but it was otherwise intense and incredibly uncomfortable, and had the unfortunate side effect that she could never tell if she was actually going to throw up or not until the instant before it happened.

 

Whenever a fit of nausea came on, Joan just curled up on the couch with a bucket feeling awful. Sherlock was usually observant enough to notice the onset of her sickness and confine himself to another part of the flat with his experiments, but he wasn't always so quick.