it all in the corners of her mind where they can’t touch her; she will not bend or break. She is the daughter of the Avatar. If fire is the element of power than she is the weakness they cannot see. She will endure all things. 

Ali dreams of fire the color of ice. She dreams that Fang comes to take her away and they stay up in the clouds where no one can find them. She dreams of the flames that sit inside her soul and what it will take to let them out. They’ll have to burn blue and bright far away from here. 

Someday.

 Into adolescence and adulthood, Ilah carries the chubby cheeks that all but scream innocence even when she is smiling with appraising baby shark teeth. She giggles when there is nothing to laugh at. They call her a silly little girl and they don’t see her when she floats into the throne room. 

The Dowager Lady (the Whore Queen ruling still) dislikes her immediately. Fat little girls have no place in politics, she says. Fire Lord Azulon stares at them both with the critical eye of his father but does not speak. 

“The Fire Lord promised me to you,” Ilah says, keeping her own eyes down at the polished floor. “I have nothing to fear.” 

She leaves without asking permission and sits outside his bedchambers with her pipa and her tea. Ilah is eighteen and impatient but with her fingers kept busy she can keep the illusion of control. If she does it for long enough he might mistake it for the real thing. 

Azulon sits beside her on the stone floor and says nothing. She knows her father, her mother, her brothers, have all pled her case in tiny discreet ways to ruin his day but still he doesn’t quite see her. Ilah, at a loss, sings to him scattered fragments of nothing in particular. She tries to make it seem charming. 

He agrees to marry her the next week. Ilah smiles at him with all the sincerity she intends until he can’t help but smile her smile. In this moment she is the most powerful woman in the nation. 

Her Lord husband is gone for months at a time with his battles and bravery so it falls on Ilah to handle the day-to-day matters of the Nation. Homura fights her at every turn but Illah makes friends where Homura makes enemies. She drinks more now in her age, though she is still young enough to make men stare, and her plans have started to lack subtlety. If only she were still spreading her legs it would be easier, Ilah could have her revenge by parading her Mother-In-Law about as a traitor to the memory of her husband. But it seems that Homura only enjoys power in the end. 

Ilah wonders what that is like. She has had so many men (Azulon is always gone) and she needs them all in the same way she needs songs and ceremony. She is the Lady of her country and she is slowly learning to give to Azulon and take from the rest. 

Homura whines about some nursemaid running off to be married, about the quality of Ilah’s tea, about Ilah’s hair. 

There is nothing wrong with her hair but the tea develops an odd aftertaste. The Dowager Lady dies young. Ilah keeps her face hidden behind a white fan at the funeral and comforts her husband. 

She has his son almost nine months do the day after and laughs and laughs and laughs. Her Iroh. Her little boy sticks to her side and sees the world with wide eyes. 

“He looks like you,” says Azulon. It’s true; her future Fire Lord with be short, round, and small just like his Mother. He’ll be strong and brave in all things like his Father. Azulon kisses them both affectionately. His arms are full of papers, official documents of little rebellions from a petty Kingdom, Ilah wishes she could show those little generals her son. They’d see the glory of her country then. 

“You,” she said to her baby boy. “Are going to be so interesting. I promise you that.” 

Life moves forward for the Mother behind the throne. 

When Lián is seven her sister is promised to the Crown Prince of the Fire Nation. The older girl with eyes that caught sparks was born to be a Lady. Their father the General beams and bounces on the souls of his feet like dancers must have once. Lián is only a fragment of the day, not the sun but the light reflected from it, and when she wanders off no one looks very hard. Little girl with nimble fingers goes where she pleases.

She plays Pai Sho with an elderly woman in a back room of the palace and listens to stories of heroes in far away lands. The world moves forward, her generation begins to grow into its skin, and Lián learns the stories are true. She presses the Lotus Tile into her palm.

Her talents are few but she has the records of her father’s activities and her sister’s love for royalty. She has a whip to curl around