hand, and his hair was fanned out in the water behind him. Other than that, the elf on the log was wearing was nothing else from what little Haldir could see. This was made more than evident when he saw the neatly folded pile of clothes sitting on a large rock near the shore. "The Mirkwood delegation is here," Haldir called out, trying best he could to look at Master Erestor and yet avert his eyes. 

"Early? Hmm." Erestor readjusted himself on the log, completely unashamed of his appearance, and paddled with one hand back toward the shore, still reading from his book as he went. 

"I..." Haldir paused as Master Erestor looked up. "I may have tried to welcome them to Imladris for you, but it seems to have gone rather badly." 

Master Erestor stared at him for a few moments, saying nothing. Haldir shrunk back a little. Finally, Master Erestor asked, "What did you say to them?" 

"I only said, 'Mae govannen'," replied Haldir. 

"Ai, Elbereth," Master Erestor whispered to himself, but it was loud enough for Haldir to have heard. "Here, catch this," he called out, flinging the book toward Haldir. Haldir's eyes widened that Master Erestor would throw such an important thing across the pond, but it easily made the distance before landing in Haldir's hands. In the meantime, Master Erestor had dove off of his perch and was swimming back toward the shore. 

"I'm... I'm sorry. I mean, I shouldn't have, but I'm still sorry," Haldir apologized as Master Erestor reached the shore and began to dress hastily. 

"No real harm done, I hope," said Master Erestor, using his cloak to dry off quickly and tossing it aside. His shirt he pulled on over his head as he said, "Prince Ilmendin speaks Quenya, and does not understand a word of Sindarin on purpose. A personal choice I have never understood. Nonetheless, protocol dictates to speak to him in Quenya. I am sure he will overlook this, in fact, he and I will most certainly have a laugh about it later. Lord Thaladir, on the other hand…" 

"The stern-looking one?" questioned Haldir. Master Erestor nodded as he sat on the rock and shoved his feet into his boots. "He didn't speak to me at all. I suppose he didn't understand a word I was saying." 

"On the contrary, he most certainly did. However, once again, he was expecting either Lord Elrond or myself, or even Lord Glorfindel if he were here. Being greeted by you without proper introduction is not appropriate. I will have to make amends best that I can," sighed Master Erestor, picking up the damp cape and handing it to Haldir. "Come. Let us greet the delegation and show them the proper respect. It is no fault of yours, I did not instruct you on what to do, nor did we expect them this early." 

"I'm going to be so embarrassed," mumbled Haldir as he trudged along behind Master Erestor. "I don't know how I can face them again." 

"To have approached the entire delegation, a whole group of unknown elves, and attempt to make them feel welcome, that was a bold move," Master Erestor commended. "Not proper protocol, but I am sure that is a phrase you shall get used to hearing over the next few weeks. I think you can find the courage to bow to them and be silent as I speak." 

"I suppose you have a... proverb or... something of the sort for this situation," remarked Haldir as they rejoined Nenniach on the path and walked up to the house. 

"The only thing that comes to mind at the moment," said the dark elf as he wrung out his hair, "is 'Do not swim naked in public when there is a chance the elves of Mirkwood will show up early'"

Haldir waited patiently at the door until Lord Elrond finally finished checking over the document he had been reading and acknowledged the young elf. "Excuse me, Lord Elrond, but I am trying to locate Master Erestor. I was directed here by one of the grooms in the stables. Have you seen him?" 

Lord Elrond contemplated the answer as he dipped his quill into the pot of ink and signed the parchment before him. "I have not seen him since last night at supper, though he was here this morning to leave these papers with me. If it is urgent-" 

"No, not at all," Haldir said quickly. He had learned early on that if someone of important in the house was needed with great urgency, there was a bell that was rung. The low clang would sound across the valley, and the number of times it rang determined who was being summoned. Erestor was three, but never had he heard the bell rung thrice. It seemed an insult to call the elf in such a manner when it was likely he was only hiding behind a stack of books or resting in the gardens.