life the way it was.

He couldn’t be selfish, though. The colony needed him, even if most of them would never know of the gift he was fated to give them.

Days and then weeks passed, Impala’s “soon” echoing in his mind. He started to believe nothing would happen, until one night he woke from a dead sleep, sweating profusely. 

He felt like he was on fire, and there was an empty feeling in his gut that he knew it was now time to fill. 

He removed his nightshirt and stumbled out to the ledge, where he found Impala waiting for him. He slumped to the ground, instinctively raising and presenting his rear to the dragon. Impala’s long, hot tongue swiped over him and he shuddered.

Be calm, my bonded, the dragon urged in his mind. There will only be pain for a short time.

Dean felt his body go limp as the dragon slithered forward on top of him, his warm, smooth belly scales caressing the skin of Dean’s back. He felt pressure at his hole and did his best not to tense, even though he could picture in his mind the hot column of dragon flesh that had unsheathed from the dragon and was about to be re-sheathed by his own body.

He felt another gush of the strange liquid warmth from inside himself, and then Impala was pressing in and in and in, impossibly far it seemed, the stretch intense and painful, but somehow wonderful as well. Dean slid a hand to his lower belly, and if he pressed in the right place, he could feel the dragon inside him.

Impala thrust forcefully, and Dean was forced to bring his hand back in front of him to brace himself against scooting across the rough stone. His breath was pushed out of him in panting grunts. The pace increased and then Impala reared back and roared into the night sky as a flood of dragon seed poured into Dean. That aching, empty place was filled to bursting, and Dean bit his bottom lip to stifle his own cry of ecstasy as he spent himself on the stone beneath him. The world went black.

Dean woke in his bed and wondered if it had all been a vivid dream until he sat up. His lower belly curved outward slightly, as though he had eaten a very large meal, and he felt something warm and sticky-slick leak from his hole. His palms and knees bore slight abrasions from the stone ledge.

He went about his day as usual, leading patrols and training with Impala, and he wondered if perhaps he had not taken with a clutch.

You will bear, Impala broke into his thoughts. Your gift is bountiful, my bonded.

Dean went to speak with the clan leader, one of the few others who knew about the true origin of the eggs that appeared in the hatching ground.

“So,” Charles, please call me “Chuck,” the clan leader said, eying Dean’s once more flat belly, “we will be blessed with new eggs once more?”

“Yes,” Missouri, the colony healer agreed with a nod, “I can sense the change in him.”

“I’m sorry,” Chuck told him sympathetically, “but I’m afraid you’ll have to seclude yourself. The secret of the eggs must be kept.”

“What will you tell the others?” Dean wondered. He couldn’t remember what his father’s excuse had been.

“You contracted a wasting sickness while on patrol,” Missouri told him. “Very contagious. I will come to treat you, but all others must be kept away.”

“How long until I...lay?” He couldn’t remember that, either.

“About the same as a human pregnancy,” Missouri told him. “The warmth of your body will nurture the eggs until they are almost ready to hatch, and then the hot sands of the hatching ground will finish the work.”

Dean remembered how large his father’s belly had been with a single egg. “How do I... The eggs are quite large.” He blushed at his own question.

“It is my understanding,” the healer soothed, “that a transformation occurs when the time draws near, to allow safe laying of the eggs.”

That was small comfort to Dean as he returned to his quarters, one hand absently rubbing his stomach.

He passed his days re-reading the history scrolls he had once read as part of his education, as well as anything else he could get Missouri to bring to him, and napping. Time dragged on slowly, and it seemed as though nothing was happening, until suddenly, the muscles of his abdomen gave up the fight against the pressure within, and then it was as though Dean could almost watch his belly growing.

By the time two months had passed, his belly rivaled that of a woman of the colony that had born a large set of twins. Dean’s back ached when he tried to walk around, the eggs within him growing heavier and heavier, his appetite growing to match. Missouri ordered him to bed rest. Soon, as his