d grabbed with his burnt hand, had been unable to hold on and had fallen anyway.

XXX

Trying to regain some modicum of dignity Arthur barked “What are you doing out here Berwin?  It can’t be good for your injuries to be wandering around after dark.”  

“I’m sorry Sire” Berwin replied “But can you not hear them?  They are back and I must follow them when they call.”

“Who are back?  Who’s calling?  I can’t hear...” Arthur stopped and looked at the distress clearly written over the boys face.  And he knew.  It was the Cyhyraeth.  And they had come for Merlin.  Arthur could not believe this.  After everything they’d all been through and it wasn’t over yet?  How many more attacks from magical creatures could they withstand?

“What can we do?” Arthur asked, knowing full well the boy did not have any answers.  

But before Berwin could even begin to reply he heard the singing increase in volume so much that he had to cover his ears and as he did so the sound once again became the awful screech of death he’d heard by his village. Turning he saw the frightful hags waiting on the water’s edge.  Berwin lowered his head in fear and revulsion.  Arthur looked in the same direction but could not see anything.  Nor could he hear what Berwin said he was hearing.  Could he really trust the boy?

“Once more we seek you out boy.  And this time you are not alone.  Shall we let the Prince see our beauty?” And with a cackle the Cyhyraeth spoke a spell and suddenly Arthur could see them.  And how he wished he could not.  Their appearance was so rank and putrid that he felt as if he was going to vomit. Never had he witnessed such ugliness and venom in any creature.

“Welcome Arthur, we are pleased you are here to witness this.  We are surprised boy” this was directed at Berwin “Your perseverance on finding Merlin and seeking to tell him of his fate has impressed us.  We did not believe you had the inner resources to come so far.  This effort on your part will, of course, make your failure all the more heartbreaking.  For it is time for the second calling and there is no escape.”  Crowing with laughter the sisters clasped hands and began to chant an ancient incantation.  This was one soul they were desperate to harvest themselves and to do this required more magic than usual.

“Why are you doing this?” Arthur demanded.  “Hasn’t he been through enough?  What could you possibly want with my manservant?”

 “Oh, the arrogance of power” the Cyhyraeth intoned.  “No-one of low birth or of such little consequence can be worth our gathering, can they our Royal Prince?   How little you know and how much it will hurt you when you finally begin to understand the depth of your ignorance?  We await that with great pleasure and so will not enlighten you.  After tonight we will return once more and we will reap what we desire.”

Raising their hands to the moon and then plunging them down into the fast running water the sisters began their awful song once more.  It built in strength and grotesqueness and culminated with them screaming one word up to the heavens and down to the depths.  One word sung to all the elements.  And that word was 

“Merlin.”

XXX

Back at the camp the peaceful night was rent with a terrible cry.  Merlin had woken and his scream of futility and anguish ripped through all the knights.  Pale and shaking, he sat upright and began yelling unintelligible sounds, fighting and pulling away from Gwaine who was trying to hold him still.  He could not be calmed or persuaded to rest until Arthur ran back into camp and came up to him and held him.  Then he gave in and wordlessly slipped back into the dark.  But not peacefully, for where he went monsters always followed.

XXX

Chapter 19Arthur did not sleep any more that night.  Merlin was incredibly restless and disturbed, tossing and struggling as he slept.  Arthur was concerned that his wounds were getting infected and that he was developing a fever.  Watching Merlin’s face contort and hearing the muffled inexplicable sounds that the youth murmured Arthur could only imagine the terrors being visited on him in his sleep.  He longed to help but had no idea how.

Arthur thought again of the three crones at the water’s edge.  He thought about how they had promised to “gather” Merlin.  He thought of the terrible moment when they incanted his name and Arthur had heard that cry from the camp.  He recalled his desperate rush back to Merlin’s side, expecting him to be dead.  But instead he found him writhing and fighting to get up, speaking words no-one could understand.  Arthur had gone up to him and held his hand.  This seemed to give Merlin some measure of peace and reassurance and he had fallen back into a fitful sleep.  But sleep eluded Arthur, who spent the night sitting beside Merlin, trying his best to comfort him.

XXX

Dawn saw a rag tag collection of men sighing with relief at