’s voice came on as the girl shook her ass on Eren’s crotch. He held her hips gently guided her to roll her hips sideways to Kid Ink’s repetition. Soon a bunch of people came to Eren and they danced as a group. Eren backed up on a random stranger, rolling his butt teasingly on the stranger. Like a bunch of people, he danced like the video during the chorus.



During the next verse, a guy came behind Eren. The brunette complied with the man’s guidance. Then, to the lyrics, Eren grabbed the man’s hands and pushed it down his body roughly and then gently stopped it at his hips. Eren looked up at the man teasingly and then winked as the lyrics went “I like it a little rough. Not too much, but baby just enough.” The Eren let the man’s hands go. A white blonde man, the same height as Eren, came to him and rolled his butt on Eren’s crotch. Eren played along with the man. He put one hand on the white blonde’s hip and the other on his shoulder. Eren rolled his hips as if he were fucking him. Eren heard the guy laugh, making the brunette laugh as well.



The guy left Eren, winking at Eren. Eren smiled back as he continued to dance with the others surrounding him. Eren didn’t see the white blonde coming back, pushing a short raven forward. Eren minded his business as a different guy came to dance with during the chorus again. Eren felt the guy’s body leave being replaced with a new body. Everyone that was dancing with him started to dance on their own. Kid Ink’s part came again. The new guy pulled Eren back and started to sing the lyrics to Eren. The brunette blushed from the man’s breath against his neck. The guy’s voice was low and sounded familiar, but Eren was too high on adrenaline to think.



The guys pulled Eren’s butt against his crotch. Eren blushed again from the tight grip that grabbed held his hips in place. He paused his dancing to recompose himself. The guy sang the next line specifically for Eren, “what you acting shy for?” The guy continued to sing, leading Eren on moving his hips. During Kid Ink’s repetition, he lead Eren through small hip rolls forward.



The pre chorus came back on, and Eren got his spunk back. He danced smoothly to the musc. Pulling his hair back in a slow teasing move. Eren motioned the man with his finger to bring it on. Eren grabbed the man’s hands and put it on his body. During the last chorus, they both danced to the song like the music video. Eren turned around finishing the dance looking at the stranger. The song ended and Eren wanted to compliment the guy on his voice. After one good look at the man, Eren blushed and squatted down in embarrassment. He couldn’t believe this.



“Levi?!” Eren exclaimed as a new song started to play.



The man was wearing a tight black dress shirt. It was so tight, Eren could clearly see the man’s muscles. He had black skinny jeans on. His feet were covered with black converses. His black hair was pulled back with gel, keeping it pulled back. He had black eyeliner on. He had his excessive amount of earrings on, which he usually took off during performances. His pale face looked at the brunette with amusement.



“The one and only, little fairy,” Levi smirked as he squatted down to look at Eren.



“Oh my god, I can die from embarrassment,” Eren bit his lower lip.



“Then shall we go rest?” Levi asked as he offered a hand. “You’re friends claimed a table next to ours.”



Eren took Levi’s hand and let him lead to their tables. They pushed through the crowds. They went up the stairs and to the right. The tables that they stopped at was at the edge, giving them a clear view of the dancefloor. At the table, everyone from Wings of Freedom were seated with the white blonde that Eren was dancing with and a redhead in pigtails. Armin and Mikasa were sitting at a table with them. Jean and Marco were gone.



“Where did horseface and freckled Jesus go?” Eren asked.



“Fucking,” Armin replied.



“Already?” Eren questioned in disbelief.



“More like, finally,” Mikasa replied.



“Geez, you guys are sure funny,” Hanji laughed. “It’s so nice to actually really meet you guys.”



“You’re guy's change in personalities are really entertaining to see,” Erwin commented as Levi sat down.



“Yes,” Eren nodded his head as he sat down. Armin handed him water which he drank acceptingly. He saw the white blonde guy. “Hey, aren’t you the guy who was dancing with me at some point?”



“The one and only,” he said with a smile. “My name’s Farlan Church.”



“And I’m Isabel