many time, why would you-" then the demon shut up when seeing Crowley's face "because I'm the King of hell, i do what i want. If i said i wanted all of you to go to Church every Sunday then you do it because i make the rules you follow them. You never, ever question me, EVER!" the demon gulped "now let's see where was i? Oh yes, your demotion. Johnny blah blah blah, punishment is death" Crowley waved bye to the demon then snapped his fingers and saw caused the demon explode blood spattered all over the floor.

You looked over to Crowley "so, are we still on for dinner tomorrow at 8?" he looked at you and smirked "of course darling, wear something gorgeous", "always do. Later Crowley" you walked off to the direction of the motel you were staying in. Then you heard Crowley call you "by the way (y/n) as much as red looks great on you, you look like a murder suspect" you looked at your clothes to see they were covered in blood, you sighed and hung your head in defeat. Then you turned to Crowley and gave him your best puppy dog eyes, he rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers "moose is a bad influence on you" you looked down at your now clean clothes and walked over to Crowley. You grabbed his tie and pulled him down for a quick kiss before pulling away "see ya at dinner tomorrow night" you winked and left.

This is based around my imagine. Imagine Crowley Protecting You From Someone In A BarYou sat at the bar drinking your drink slowly trying to just take the edge off of your last hunt. You didn't want to get drunk, you just wanted to take a breath and relax so that's what you intended to do in the bar just relax and have a drink without any hassle. But it didn't seem to be going your way tonight, there were guys who weren't just taking get lost as an answer which ticked you off majorly. It seemed like every time one left, another appeared they were like moths to a light, every time you rejected one you got more and more pissed off with having to tell them to get lost, you thought they would have got the hint after seeing everyone else get rejected but apparently not.Another guy walked over mentally you were stabbing him already, you glared at him from the corner of your eyes "not interested" you snapped. The man frowned "why not, love?", "i don't need to explain myself to you so take a hike" you expected him to leave like the others did but he just remained there. You turned around properly to get a better look at the man and shook your head "still not interested" after realizing the man won't move you stood up to leave. Then you noticed a hard grip on your arm "where do you think you are going?" he snapped "away from you!" you tried to pull your arm away but his grip was so hard that you ended up failing "get off of me, you creep!" you went to try again but then suddenly you saw a mans hand place a tight grip around the creeps neck lifting him off the floor. You turned around and saw Crowley "and what exactly are you doing, here?" you narrowed your eyes at the king of hell "one moment, love" he replied then glared at the creep "i should kill you, for what you did but i will let you live just know that when you make an enemy of the king of hell there is no where you can run to" when he finished you saw his eyes flash red. This caused the guy to lose all color in his face "NOW, GET OUT OF HERE!" Crowley yelled which caused looks from people, the man ran off.You sighed "outside now" you both walked outside and you looked at him with your arms folded "explain, now", "fine, i was in the area looking for you because i need a favor and i know Moose and Squirrel will listen to you so i came looking for you. Then i saw that lowlife harassing you and i don't know i saw red literally anyway no big deal" you nodded "of course anyway i will tell the guys that you want to talk to them i am not promising anything, they still hate you but i will try", "thanks", "no problem" you kissed his cheek then diverted your gaze somewhere else, you could still see his smirk though "what was that for?", "you know, dealing with that guy anyway no big deal. I'll go see the boys now, thanks again Crowley", "no problem (y/n), i will see you around" with that he disappeared and you started walking to the motel.


I hope you guys like it :)


Earlier you had received a visit from Crowley, he brought a dress with him and told you to wear it. Of course you were suspicious, i mean just because