hospital.” Peter stated matter of fact and then took hold of his arm.
“no! screw you, Peter! I’m not living in this hell anymore! I’m tired and it hurts.” Stiles yanked his arm back. Stiles got up on his own and started walking… he took a few steps and then fell over.
“ah fuck! I guess its working.” He said to himself. The world the lifted and turned.
“what the fuck! Put me down! Put me down you pedo-wolf!” stiles yelped. But then he became sleepy. It was setting in quite fast and soon he’d be unconscious.
“sooo seepy… wub… wub… flying…” he continued to garble incoherently and then he began to cry silently.
“I’m sorry Peter… please help me.” Were the last words before he blacked out.

Peter fell to his knees and maneuvered Stiles so he could look at him. stiles’ heart was slow and his breathing shallow. Peter was freaking out… he picked stiles up bridal style but stiles only hung limply in his arms. Peter ran as fast as he could to a place he hasn’t been since before the fire.
He had a favour to cash in and saving his mate seemed like the perfect reason to cash in said favour.

peter gets help from some old friends.

hey... second chappy... hope ya'll like. 

mistakes are mine and i dont care. dont read if you are anal about grammar. i am not getting a beta or whatever.

this is a gift to someone lovely and amazing and worthy of a lotta hugs... Goldenpetal13... ya rock!

thanx for reading.

As peter ran through the wood with a very limp and dying body in his arms, he let the panic absorb him against his will. Stiles’ heart that normally pounds loudly against his chest and sometimes so fast that one could almost dance to the beat was now beating so softly and skipping a beat on every odd pound. When stiles’ breathing became a little more labored and slow and the body in his arms became colder he bolted further in the trees. Fear enveloped the werewolf as he ran. The one person who kept him from going feral was now in his arms, dying slowly. 

Peter ran in the direction of a soft din in the tree’s up ahead and the closer he got, the louder the pounding of the drums became and the slower and softer stiles’ heart beat. “just hold on… just a while longer.” He mumbled as he flashed into the trees and then toward the clearing where the festival sounds were coming from.

He reached the lights and sounds and let out a roar of panic. Suddenly the din died down and the people turned to him. he must have been a sight because every face was staring at him holding this limp lifeless body in his hands and also looking about ready to cry.“HELP ME! PLEASE HELP!” he yelled into the group. But no one moved.He could feel someone coming up to them and the crowd parted to reveal a woman with a gian mane of fiery red hair and her entourage.“take them to my tent and wait for me.” The woman said to the young blonde girl next to her.

The blonde girl nodded and signaled for peter to follow her. they walked through the crowd that seemed to part for them and soon they were in front of a tent. It looked so regal but peter barely noticed… he was too focused on Stiles. The girl led them inside and motioned for peter to lay the body down on the bed. Peter sat down on the soft bed and held Stiles close to him. after what felt like an eternity the woman reaoppeared.“I assume that you are here to ask for that favour I owe you… right, Peter?” she asked standing close.“please just save her.fix her… make her happy. I cant live without her and she cant live like this so please…. Save her.” peter sobbed to the woman.“very well. We will save the Hale Pack emissary. Its our duty and we have a long standing treaty with your family… but Peter, you’ll need to bite her. an alpha’s bite is what she needs.“you know?” peter asked and looked at her shocked.“do you think the local fae that has been tied to your family for a hundred years would not know about some teenager becoming the supposed ‘true alpha’ or you killing one of the traitors to become an alpha… you know me better than that, Peter dear.” She said with a fond smile.

Peter was staring at her with desperation and tears on his face. He let out a choked noise and nodded.“I will bite her… she’ll understand.” He whispered to herself.“oh, no… she wont be a wolf. She will however feel the bond as strongly as you do but her own magic will take care of it. Her body will use the changing power of the bite to correct her flaws and after.. I would have to use some magic to change certain events. We cannot