they went, a very long drive ahead of them. There, they settled down in the 20th Ward.

There, Hideyoshi Nagachika finally met his grandparents for the first time in a very long time.

His mother did her best to settle them back into the city, readjusting after living in the country side for so long. Where the peace and quiet was traded in for the sound of people and cars. It was something Hide had found himself not having once really missed when they had first moved away from the city.

He missed the fresh air and the open lands. Missed their old farm home where it had only been the two of them for a short while.

He already miss the singing sounds of the cicadas.






His mother could tell his distraught about their new move once more especially after his life he grew use to for the past two years. She of course, felt heavily guilty for having disrupt her son's life so many times, all for the sake to keep him safe.

It wasn't easy and she was doing her best to try and give Hide a normal life. She hope this would be their last time to move after hearing how peaceful the 20th ward was. She also had came here for help, help she knew she should've sought for long ago.

Hide's grandparents.

Like every single parent that had a child to raise on their own, she had pride to think she could do fair by herself. And she did, for a while, but after this last incident of being found out in the country side, she knew she been fool enough to protect her son for only so long.

He needed other people to interact with besides herself. He needed more family to become acquainted with and after having put it off for so long, she finally gave in to take Hide to visit his grandparents.

After all, it was only cruel of her to deny them to see their grandchild in the flesh for so long. Yes, she would sent pictures, letters and even let him speak to them over the phone, but she never once took him to see her.

She had only hope it hadn't been too long where there might have been damaged.

Thankful, the meeting went off well. They doted over Hide like grandparents would have expected and Hide took it surprisingly well. Either she taught her son too well to put up a facade or he was just easily adaptable.

She knew he was just easily adaptable. Her son was really quite smart and if she hadn't notice by now how he can easily adapt to his surroundings, well then, she be a fool.

She was a very proud mother.

So it broke her heart to tell Hide after tucking him at night that he was to live with his grandparents from now one. It didn't mean she was abandoning him, not after everything. She just thought it was best that he finally be able to stay and live in one spot instead of being dragged around like luggage.

Hide had quietly told her, he never felt like luggage nor ever resented his mother for doing so. It was always and adventure to him. It was always some place new with new experience and new people.

He never seen his mother cry till now, asking how he could be so good at being so understanding and so forgiving.

Hide only shrugged and responded maybe it was because he got it from her.

With a teary smile and a soft laughter, his mother gave him a kiss to his forehead as she done every night of his life after tucking him into bed before attacking his face with assault of kisses that had Hide laughing and giggling.

His mother promise to try and visit him every day as she could. Told him to not be so mischief with his grandparents as he had with her. Hide could only grin in innocent.

Instead of going as he thought she would, his mother instead crawled up into his small bed and tuck Hide against herself while curling around him in a protective embrace. Hide found himself surrounded by his mother's warmth and her scent and he couldn't help but cuddle up against her as he done so many times when he was little.

His mother apologized for never giving him a good life again and hope by living with his grandparents, he would have a more study life and a time to finally make a friend.

A friend.

He never really had a friend. They never really settled long enough for him to make one, not even at school did he really have friends. Yes, other kids to talk too, but to call one a friend? It be nice.

He would like that very much to make a friend.

Tucked against his mother, Hide drifted off in a happily dreamful state. When he woke up again the next morning, he was alone in his bed and his mother was gone. As depressed it made him, Hide bounce right back, knowing he would see his mother again.

After all, his mother was everything to him and he was everything to his mother.

So life went on.

He started school right away with no chance to really settle down