as he smoothed his hair back. “Remember that, boy. If he’s got enough nerve and heart, a man can do anything.”

Neal weighed the silver in his hands. A man can do anything.

“We could do this,” he said abruptly.

“Do what?” Robin asked, giving the reins a tug to urge the horse forward. 

“This.” Neal held up the sack and jingled the silver coins. “Joust. Compete. We could do this.”

Robin and Rum stopped in their tracks, staring at him. Neal looked back, raising his eyebrows. 

“What?”

“Are you mad?” Rum said, stopping in his tracks. 

“I don’t think so,” Neal said, nonplussed. “I was just thinking—”

“No, you weren’t!” Rum said wildly. “You can’t keep going around, pretending to be noble! We barely got away with it this time!”

“That’s because I was pretending to be another man,” Neal argued. “What if we invented a noble, eh? No one could accuse me of being an imposter, because he wouldn't be real.”

Robin exchanged an incredulous look with Rum, and turned back to Neal. “Did he get you in the head?” he asked, nodding toward the field. “Did Lord Pretty-Boy knock out the good bits of your brain?”

“Listen to me,” Neal said intently. He looked them both dead in the eye, meeting their disbelieving looks with solid conviction in his words. “There’s a tournament in a month. We’ve got fifteen silver florins now. A few more matches like this, we can triple that—we can quadruple it! That’s enough for outfitting, a proper sword—” 

“Aye, and what about the match itself?” Rum demanded. “You can’t buy victory, boy. At least, not with fifteen florins.”

“Leave that to me,” Neal said dismissively. “I can do this, I know I can.”

Rum and Robin looked at each other again, full of skepticism.

“Oh, come on,” Neal urged, bracing his hands on their shoulders. “Just look at what we did today! That was one day, and we’ve got a month. Do you realize, in one month, we could be on our way to glory and riches none of us ever dreamed of?”

“I don’t want glory and riches,” Robin said, ducking out from under his arm. “All I want is a meat pie and a warm bed. Glory and riches are better saved for a better man.”

“Guys—” Neal shook out the sack, holding up the handful of florins. “Fifteen silver pieces! That’s all it takes to change our lives!”

“You’re a squire,” Rum enunciated. “You’ll never pass for a noble. You haven't got the training, you haven’t got the mannerisms, you don’t know how to behave—”

“I’ve got a month to learn that!” Neal insisted. “And most of it is going to be jousting and swording, anyway, and that I can do!”

Robin shook his head. “Too risky,” he said. “I like my head on my shoulders, I’d rather it stay there.” He held out his hand, wiggling his fingers. “Now give me my money, I want to find a tavern.”

“Forget about the bloody tavern!” Neal said frustratedly. “Can’t you two see past your meat pies and beds for one minute? I am giving us the chance to change our stars, to become champions! We could do this.”

“We’re too close to the ground to reach for stars!” Robin argued. “We weren't made for glory, we’re the sons of peasants.” 

Neal was silent for a minute, considering his words. Made for glory…But who was made for glory? What was the difference between a man born in a hovel and a man born in a castle? On the field, titles were meaningless: it was a pair of swords, a pair of lances, a pair of fists. Whoever proved himself to be the better man was it, whether he was rich or poor, peasant or lord. All he had to do was prove it.

“All right, he said finally. “Tell you what—fight for your coins. If you can get past me, take them—go to a tavern, eat your fill, slake your thirst. But if you can’t…you come with me.” He warily folded his hands into fists and held them up. “Eh?”

Robin looked at Rum for a minute; he looked back, furrowing his brow. Neal smiled, lowering his fists.

“You see? Money doesn’t—”

“GET HIM!” Robin shouted, and they charged toward him. Neal’s eyes few open as they rushed him and pinned him to the ground.

“No!” he