trees, that were once filled with red and orange leaves, are almost bare now. Autumn was beginning to give way to Winter. I was thankful for my short hair, that I cut last summer, because whenever the wind got strong my hair just naturally falls back into place. At least my hair will lookpresentable this morning, although my bangs were messy.
It wasn't long before I reached the school. A few of the early risers were already there too, including Ari, my volleyball buddy. She was also the only other girl in the school who was almost as tall as me. I was 6'2, so I normally towered over the other girls, but Ari was only a couple inches shorter than me.
"Hey Alexa! Tell me you did the homework for math class yesterday," Ari whined while waving a blank math worksheet in my direction. I gasp. The only thing that was on my mind yesterday was confessing. It really shouldn't have been a surprise to know I forgot to do my homework, but it was.
"I need to do my homework too!" I tell Ari before nervously pacing.
"Where is it?!" Ari groaned,"We got to try and finish it now, cause a low grade is better than no grade."
"In my desk.." I say bashfully.
Ari slaps her face before letting out a frustrated grunt. She, seemingly, contemplates my answer, before looking up with a bright expression. That meant she got an idea. Ari's ideas were all...dangerous, at best.
"Let's ask Lena if we can cheat off her!" Ari exclaims like it was the smartest thing she could ever say.
"Sh! Don't be shouting stuff like that," I nervously say while trying to avoid Lena's gaze. She was looking over at us. I hope she pretends Ari didn't say anything.
"I'll try to solve it myself, you can look at what I put later," I say while taking Ari's blank worksheet.
Ari pouts but nods her agreement anyway. I look at the paper and try to remember the equations needed for each problem. I think so hard that I can feel a headache coming on, but in the end I'm only able to finish half the worksheet before a teacher calls us in. Even worse was I'm pretty sure only a few were right.
"I'm cheating off Lena!" Ari whisper-shouts this time,"You should too!" Ari runs up to Lena and starts pulling her shoulder and whining for her homework. Lena eventually takes her worksheet out and gives it to Ari. This wasn't the first time Ari has pestered her with this. It was almost routine by now actually. Ari was smoother than I give her credit for.
Ari excitedly runs over to me with a pleased smile on her face.
"Lena said I can just give it back to her in the halls whenever I finish," Ari says while snatching back her paper. She quickly erases my work and puts down Lena's. Ouch. It's all over in about three minutes, Ari was pretty fast when it came to copying answers.
"We really should be trying to do this stuff ourselves," I say with a resigned sigh.
"Two of your answers were right Lexa. Two!" Ari yells like an accusation. "We just need to study for the test, we'll worry about doing homework later."
"The homework is meant for us to be prepared for the test Ari," I say quietly.
"What'd you say!" Ari asks before discreetly putting the worksheet in my hand.
"Nothing, Ari," I tell her while folding her worksheet so I can get the answers later.
Ari has a goofy smile on her face. She always had a goofy smile on her face, but her face was more intense than usual.
"What is it?" I ask.
"Lena's pretty cute, right?" Ari says is a whisper. Wow, I guess Ari really did have an inside voice.
"I suppose," I say while looking over at Lena's crowd of friends. She was really popular, like Claire. Actually if you squinted real hard she looked a lot like Claire. She was short, well, short by my standards. She had blonde hair, albeit it wasn't the same shade as Claire's. Claire was a platinum blonde while Lena's hair was just blonde. Lena's eyes were also a similar shade to Claire's. Lena had light blue eyes, and Claire had blue eyes too but hers were a lot darker and had a gold ring around the pupil.
"Lena's pretty cute," I say to Ari, but she isn't really listening.
"Are you going to go hit on her?" I say with a smirk on my face.
Ari's entire face turns red, it was hilarious! Ari punches my arm at my teasing.
"You're one to talk! Are you going to hit on Claire?!" Ari