his hand pat me in assurance.

Papyrus hums a bit before saying, "I have a theory, but that is all I have. Until Alphys and Sans take a better look at it I'm going to state what I believe from a health professional's point of view..."

"Sans?"

Paps chuckles a bit. "Why yes. I told you he and I have multiple titles did I not. Well, Sans is also a scientist. He..used to work with our father for many years before quitting to be a comedian. Science became too stressful for him. However, he is quite brilliant in the field. Anyway," Papyrus sighs, " I believe it is because you and...Sans had a little...close encounter before the attack? I believe?"

A sudden hot sensation crawls up my cheeks and groan in embarrassment. Papyrus chuckles and says, "There's nothing to feel guilty over. However, your soul foreplay, with Sans, might have left a residue behind on your soul. The poison, which I believe is concocted to target monsters, might have reacted to your body as if you were a monster. However, because your body is human it could only burn you. It still caused damage to your body but with some sleep and concentrated healing, you should be up in no time."

I freeze at that and think hard. 'If that was meant for a monster and it burned me after my sexual encounter with one, then if it had touched Papyrus or Ms.Tub tub...'

"Ms. Tub Tub...is she..okay? I...I think she said something about the stuff touching her." I ask softly as I grip the blanket closer to me.

The feel of the fabric moving behind me as he shifts before he speaks again, "She will be fine. Being a blob has its advantages. If anything major did happen Mettaton will let us know."

Rage through my body. The fact that she was attacked and probably left scared from the encounter made my very blood boil. Why...why the hell did it happen? Why the fuck did they attack?

A flash of the strange men I saw out front that morning passes in my mind and I start and whimper at the ache in my back. The motion didn't hurt like before, but damn did it make me feel like an old lady.

"Frisk! Don't move. Your wounds are still fresh and I'm still trying to stitch them togea....."

"Where is my daughter Sans!" I hear my mother's voice boom from somewhere and I jerk at the sound.

"Mama?" I never heard her voice like that. It is full of rage and hurt.

"Please Toriel. Keep it down. She's resting right now...Asgore please don't go in at the moment and let me finish my explanation please..."

"I need a good explanation Sans...your suppose to be helping our daughter...now this?" My father's tone had never sounded so cold. So angry.

"Please understand. The situation was...not exactly normal. If you can please step away from the door so I can talk to you in the other room I can explain everything."

"I want to see my daughter Sans. I've known you for years and I know when your hiding something. Something horrible has happened to my daughter and I need to see her. I have to see her please understand! It's...it's my fault she is in this situation. If I didn't..."

"Toriel it's not your fault." Father's voice boomed softly. "It's no one's fault other than the ones responsible. Sans, I understand what you're trying to do. But after hearing her scream through the phone and the commotion after that, we have a right to see how badly hurt she is. And we feel that this isn't the first time she has been attacked. In the past, we never had a chance to talk to her properly about it since she was only allowed to spend a few hours with us a single day of the week. But after today we need to know the truth. We need to know from her directly, everything that has happened in the twelve years she has been away from our side. You too, understand the feeling don't you?"

A pregnant pause fills the space around me before Sans answers with a tired defeated sigh, "Yes...I understand all to clearly. Just...just don't probe her too much. She's in a great deal of pain."

With that, the sound of doors opening and footsteps entering the room. However, where ever I am, it is still dark. I can't see anything then the faint light behind the dark shroud surrounding me and Papyrus.

"One moment while I close the curtains. Her eyes are very bad right now."

With a soft glow of blue light emanating from behind the dark vale, I hear the sound of curtains closing firmly throughout the room before a