and now – she canceled on me for coffee. Two weeks in a row. And now I've got a date with Noh-Varr and – I'm really excited about it. And, I don't know!”

“You're afraid you broke them up.”

“Yes!”

“Well, you didn't.”

“How do you know?”

Billy gave him a withering glare. “Kate talks to me too, you know. Frequently. I learned way more about your sex life than I cared to.”

“You're not even on the same continent -”

“We text.”

“Bloody hell.”

“Anyways; Noh-Varr and Kate have never been serious. They're more like BFF with a little extra on the side,” Billy's explanation made Simon chuckle, “and anyways, Kate probably has a girlfriend.”

“Girl-” Tommy spluttered, and then interrupted himself to say, “probably?”

“Miss America Chavez. I don't suppose you know her?”

Tommy gave him a withering look right back.

“Right, well they met, oh, about two weeks ago I guess. She's been texting me constantly.”

“It's true,” Simon chimed in, “I had to take his phone away in class.”

“So I'm pretty sure she's seeing if it's going to go anywhere before making any decisions. Anyways, you guys weren't dating were you?”

“I don't know. I never asked them to define it. We just went out once a week and had sex afterwords.”

Billy narrowed his eyes. “Sounds rather like dating to me. Do I need to kick her ass for you?”

“No! God, no. I just – it's just that Noh-Varr -”

“You're having a gay crisis?” Simon summed up neatly.

Tommy groaned and put his head in his hands. “Yes.”

“You've been sleeping with him for two months,” Billy pointed out, “What's the problem? You've known you like guys for ages.”

“I didn't! I mean I – it's just. I really like him. I think. I guess. I don't know. We're going out, just the two of us. And he'll probably expect to get laid after; we always do. And I don't know if I'm ready to just...”

“But you've dated guys before.”

“Dated is a loose term.”

“Slept with, whatever.”

Tommy just flushed, and didn't say anything.

“Is it possible you took a more...proactive role with those other men?” Simon asked delicately.

“Oh. Ooooh.” Billy said. “You bottom with him. And it freaks you out.”

“YES!” Tommy exclaimed, almost leaping out of his seat. “He makes me fucking melt into the mattress, o-fucking-kay?! God! I – I can't talk about this. I'm going to run laps around the Earth until I pass out.”

“Tommy don't -”

But he was already gone.

xxx

 

Tommy finally collapsed in his own bed after running about six laps around the entire planet. It wouldn't be possible for most people, but Pietro and Tommy could both run fast enough to get traction on water. One lap around the Earth didn't really tire him out, but enough of them would. And he had built in GPS tracking to help him stay straight and not lose his way. He'd only taken a world-wide run one time without it, and he'd ended up in the middle of Africa somewhere.

He slept fitfully, unable to really settle down even though he was exhausted. It took him hours to calm down his mind enough to sleep, and then he kept waking up every half hour or so. Finally at seven the next morning, he just gave up. He stumbled out of bed and got dressed, everything seeming to move in slow motion. When he was tired, his mutation had a tendancy to overpower him; making him lose his sense of processed time. The world just moved so slow, and that only made him more cranky.

It took him ages to get dressed and get out of the door, though really it was only fifteen minutes or so. He needed coffee, imminently. Stimulants usually sped people up, but it let Tommy wake up so his brain could process speed properly. And the best coffee in the city just happened to be right next to Midtown Comics, where Altman worked. Tommy knew he must be truly desperate to want to talk to the Skrull. Things had been strained between them since the threesome, to say the least. Still, Teddy had experienced similar problems when coming out - he'd never really seemed as comfortable in his sexuality as Billy had. And he was half Kree, so maybe he could give Tommy some insight. Or sex tips, or something. Jesus. He really needed some