that night as Lance was lying in bed, he saw a line start to appear on his hand, and then another, and another. Before he knew it, he had shot out of bed and ran over to his desk to grab a pen and turn on his desk light.

The word on his hand that had appeared was simple, but it kickstarted the first conversation of many between the two. Seeing the small scratchy “hello?”, Lance quickly replied on the other hand with a simple, “hey”. A few seconds passed before he got a reply underneath his soulmate’s first message, “I guess we’re soulmates?”

Lance cheered silently to himself before replying again. This continued on for hours and before he knew it, night had begun to fade away, catching Lance’s attention as the sun began to shine through the blinds of his window. It was fine since it was a Saturday morning, but if his mamá  found out he had stayed up the whole night there would be more than hell to pay for it.

Signing a final message saying he was heading off to sleep, he crawled back into bed and looked up at his arms, covered in ink. His soulmate was in the same grade as him, older by half a year. They were both boys and shared a few common interests. Lance, like most people was right-handed, while his soulmate turned out to be left-handed. Lance was surprised to learn that his new soulmate had never played video games before just as much as his soulmate had been surprised that Lance had never seen snow before.

He chuckled at his soulmate’s reaction to the information and had explained that in California most places didn’t get snow. Lance tried not to dwell on the small pang of disappointment when he didn’t get any information regarding where his soulmate lived, but enjoyed discussing more about each other nonetheless.

It had only been a night and yet Lance had learned so many new things about his soulmate. He laughed quietly to himself as he read over the conversation. He knew now that the whole thing about soulmates just being able to click was true. He didn’t have a face to put to the other boy, a voice, or a location, but it all just felt so… right. Lance sighed and pulled his arms to his chest before rolling to his side and letting the heavy weight of sleep finally pull him down.

He sank comfortably into his bed and drifted off, his dreams filled with the swirls of ink, the tugging sensation in his chest at the thought of his new soulmate, and the name he would never let go of. 


Keith.


----

The first mark that had appeared on his hand had been what started it all. Before he knew it, days turned into months and months turned into years. The two boys exchanged numbers the day Keith finally got a cell phone. They would still constantly draw and send each other messages on through their bond, but when they weren’t sending messages through ink, they would text.

It was a year into their bond that they had both decided to wait until college to meet if they didn’t run into each other first. While Lance had been reluctant to accept the agreement at first, he quickly obliged when Keith explained why he wasn’t ready to meet yet.

Lance learned that Keith’s parents had died when he was at a young age and because of that, he was never in more than one place for long. When Keith had told him this, Lance quickly started to write out an apology for not knowing and pushing too far when Keith suddenly crossed out the message with thick, dark lines. Keith didn’t want pity, just patience and Lance was more than willing to comply.

As time passed, they continued to communicate and learn more about each other. Lance would gush about how cute Hunk was when he was with his soulmate Shay or complain about how Pidge would tease either him or Hunk when it came to their soulmates and how unfair it was that Pidge wouldn’t even hint at who her soulmate was.

Keith would talk about the different stories he would write and Lance would find himself intrigued with each one, even if he did find some of his conspiracy theory stories a bit odd. Lance was overjoyed when Keith called him with the news of finding a place to stay on more permanent terms halfway through their senior year of highschool. In all honestly, Lance hadn’t felt this excited since the day when their marks began to appear and he doesn’t think it was possible to get any more excited than this.

His older friend Shiro had just gotten out of college and with Keith turning eighteen in less than a month Shiro insisted that Keith come live with him in the apartment he had been at since finishing college. Shiro was, in a sense, the only real family Keith had.

Lance had heard very little of the varying foster families and places Keith would find himself in, yet the one constant was always Shiro. Keith practically worshipped the ground he walked on and would talk of him like a brother.

It made Lance