good reason Light isn’t here.”

“There is.” L took the castella from Watari and started dividing it into cubes on its plate. “I am going to need to you all now to listen very closely to what I say and not question my authority, the state of my mind, the suspicions I already have concerning particular individuals in my care, the possible obsessive and paranoid tendencies I exhibit, and the possible side-effects of twenty four seven attachment to another very trying person.”

The task force denied that that they had ever questioned any of those things a little too quickly for L, but their resigned promises to be open-minded to whatever he was about to spout at them would have to do.

L looked them each in the eye, knew that this would likely be difficult to swallow but hopefully not too difficult to believe in. After all, humans had believed for centuries. 

He inhaled the softly bracing tannin smells from the cup beneath his nose, and opened his mouth to speak.

“Light is a god.”

In the silence that followed, L turned his castella slices into an Aztec ziggurat and amused himself by examining his own subconscious’s efforts to avoid Souchirou’s gaze. 

“Well,” said Matsuda with a laugh that was overly loud and a little overly bright, “I guess Light is, er, very attractive, from certain angles...I mean, er, most angles. Actually, he’s pretty close to perfect - “

“Matsuda,” cut in Aizawa stiffly, “shut up, before it’s too late.”

Souichirou’s jaw was clenched. A vein was throbbing in his temples. He cracked his knuckles when L looked up and met his eyes. “What do you mean by that, Ryuuzaki?”

“I meant it entirely in the traditional sense.” L stabbed into his castella ziggurat and picked up an altar, admired the shine on its perfectly baked top side and moved the morsel to his mouth. “A being that can manipulate space and time and the whole fabric of reality to be however they desire it to be. A being that could quite likely create what doesn’t exist out of nothing and destroy the world if it didn’t meet his imagined standards.” L bit into his altar. “On a whim.”

For the second time that meeting there was a lengthy silence of absorption, although it seemed to L decidedly more embarrassed than the last. 

“Oh,” said Matsuda eventually. L wondered why he sounded slightly disappointed. “Yes, god in the traditional sense. I get it.”

“Are you,” Souchirou appeared to be taking a series of deep and calming breaths, and slowly his face was turning back to its usual complexion from a dangerous boiled octopus red,  “are you sure that’s what you meant by Light being a god?” 

“Of course, Yagami-san. What else could I have possibly meant?”

“Wait a moment.” L continued eating because castella waited for noone, but he turned his ear to Aizawa nevertheless. “Can I get this straight? Did you just honestly say that Light, our Light, our chief’s son, is an honest to God...er...god?”

“Yes, Aizawa-san.”

“You mean like in, er, Christian mythology? Created the known universe in six days, rained fire on Sodom and Gomorrah, ten plagues, dubious morality, made playthings of people, stuck a tree in a garden he didn’t want his pet projects to touch but stuck it there as a pissing post anyway? That god?”

L tapped the fork against his chin. “I rather think if Light put his mind to it he could remake the world in far less than six days, but as of yet his powers work in a limited range around his personal vicinity.”

The blood drained from Aizawa’s face. “Holy mother of God.”

“Well, as the father is in the room, perhaps it would be more appropriate to say ‘holy father’.”

Aizawa rounded on Mogi, Matsuda, and Souichirou. “Why are you three not reacting to this?”  

Matsuda blinked over the plate of castella slices Watari had just handed him. “To what?”

“L just told us that Light has god-like powers over reality!” Aizawa cried, shaking his hands at the ceiling as if invoking some distant cosmic entity that cared about him about as much as it did an ant, which was probably fair if all lives were born equal. “Light could go Old Testament on this world whenever he felt like if we pissed him off, and you two are more concerned that him and Light - “ 

“Me and Light?” prompted L as Souichirou’s face skipped red and went straight to radish.

Aizawa looked around the table and eventually sighed in resignation. “Nothing. I was just trying for some perspective. That’s all.”

“So,” said Mogi quietly, after Aizawa had sat back down in his chair and refused Watari’s consolatory offer of extra castella, “Light thinks he’s a god?”

“No. I know that he is a god.”