of those days though, where you didn't want to do anything. Just lay in bed, feeling numb, or crying. The hurt, the pain, it was constricting you. You couldn't fight it.

You walked to your old room, before you moved into Deans, and went to under the bed, grabbing a small box.

You took it back to the room you shared with Dean and opened it.

Inside there was a packet of razors and medical supplies. You always cleaned it up.

Changing into shorts and a t-shirt, you got a look at your collection.

Dean had been very nice about waiting to have sex and for that you were grateful. You knew once he saw all the horrible scars that he wouldn't want you after. No one does.

You sat on the edge of the bed and put the razor to your thigh.

"I know you want to sleep but I need to get so-"

You froze.


No


He isn't there. He isn't there.

You turned to the door and there he was.

Dean. He was frozen to where he was in the doorway, hand on the knob.

His voice was a whisper, "What the fuck are you doing?"

You stammered, you didn't know what to say...

Dean walked up to you, slapping the razor from your grip, "Why the fuck would you do this!?"

Tears streamed down your face. He wasn't supposed to find out, now he'll leave. Just like everyone.

Dean grabbed your thighs, spreading them. You hadn't even known you closed them to try to conceal it.

He looked at your thighs, "Why?! What in the hell made you think that this is okay??"

Loud footsteps were heard and you turned to look at who you knew was Sam.

Sam's face was of surprise, "Dean..."Dean turned to Sam, "Sam. Look at what the fuck she's doing!"

Your silence broke but your words were to Sam.

"I told you he wouldn't understand! That he'd be disgusted! It's why I didn't want to tell him! I can't lose him and now I will!"

You shoved at Dean, making him lose his balance where he was squatted and fall flat on his ass.

You stood up and ran for the door but Sam blocked and you slammed your fists on his chest.

"Let me go Sam! Let me go!"

Sam wound his arms around you, holding you in his embrace. You sobbed in his chest, though it wasn't the one you wanted.

"You knew!? And you didn't fucking tell me!"

Sam's chest rumbled when he replied, "It wasn't my place to tell Dean. Get the fuck over here and take care of her. You're the boyfriend, care for her!"

You heard shuffling and you felt hands on your shoulders, easing you away from Sam's body.

"C'mon sweetheart." Dean's voice was softer, gentler now and he pulled you to him gently, wrapping you in his embrace.

"You can leave Sam. I got this."

You supposed Sam left. You and Dean still stood in the middle of the room, embracing.

You sobbed into Dean's neck, his warmth swallowing you whole.

Dean rubbed a hand up your back, face in your hair.

"Baby girl, calm down."

You couldn't. How could you? When this was over Dean wouldn't want you. Why would he?

"You are the most beautiful person I've ever had the chance of meeting, inside and out. I'm so lucky to be able to call you mine. How could I not want you?"

You hadn't realized you said that out loud.

Dean kissed your head, "You're so brave. You try to save everyone else when you're living with this silent hell inside. I'm sorry I yelled. I was so scared. Y-You shouldn't do this to yourself, you're so beautiful. I couldn't believe that you would do something like that. I didn't want to believe. I'm angry at myself that I never saw the signs, that you had to suffer alone. You never have to suffer alone baby girl, not anymore. You only have one life. One precious life. And this world only has one you. One precious person. You. Don't ruin this chance. You think you can't take it. But you can. Don't quit now. Don't quit on this world. Don't quit on me. But most importantly, don't quit on yourself. You have so much to offer this world. I want to see you shine beautiful."

You sniffled, "I-I'm sorry. It just gets so bad, some days I don't even want to get out of bed.