surroundings as jinyoung begins to roll his hips to the beat. it's some generic bigbang song, the lyrics subtly sexual and the rhythm perfect for exactly the kind of dancing everyone's doing here. it's almost heart-stopping how much pleasure jaebum takes in the nearly painful knocking of jinyoung's sharp hipbones against his own as their bodies move closer in sync.

with time they grow so near that jaebum can't even tell where he ends and jinyoung begins, everything blending together. the only thing that's really clear in his mind is the feeling of jinyoung's plush lips pressing wet kisses all across his jaw. jaebum gyrates on the other boy's lithe body for what seems like hours. it's only when he's pushed impossibly close to jinyoung, their mouths connected sloppily and jaebum's dick taking a dangerous amount of interest, that he breaks away, gasping for air.

"my place or yours?" jinyoung breathes, evidently sensing that they've reached the point of no return. "actually, never mind. i have a roommate. how far away do you live?"

"close enough," jaebum says, nodding vigorously for a reason unbeknownst to himself. "come on, let's—come on." he can't even find it in himself to be embarrassed at the desperation in his voice, not when jinyoung's staring at him through hooded eyes, bottom lip caught between his teeth.

"okay. okay," jinyoung agrees. "just let me—i have a friend over there." he points somewhere off to the right, where jaebum catches a glimpse of a skinny blond guy watching them closely. "let me just tell him i'm going and then we can go, okay?" as he hustles away in the guy's direction, he points shakily at jaebum's chest in warning. "don't go anywhere."

jaebum wouldn't dream of it. he stands stock-still in place and idly watches jinyoung talk to his friend, willing down his boner in the process. there's a fleeting moment where he sees jinyoung's pretty face split into a huge genuine grin, so sweet and real that it kind of makes jaebum's heart hurt. he gets a pang of i want to make him smile like that, but pushes the thought away quickly. that can wait for later, after he's through with what could end up being the best lay of his life.

eventually jinyoung makes his way back after what jaebum can only assume was probably the typical be-careful-don't-get-hurt pre-hookup best friend lecture. he's not quite sturdy on his feet, but jaebum recognizes the gloss in his eyes as lust rather than drunkenness. better that way.

"you ready?" he asks, and the pure want on jinyoung's face as he nods sends a pleased thrill through jaebum's very being.

the taxi ride is tense in the best of ways, though perhaps not so pleasant for the driver. within mere seconds of them sliding into the backseat, jinyoung's hand is traveling slowly up jaebum's thigh, squeezing gently at the muscular bulge a bit above his knee. jaebum feels like the drive takes hours even though he knows he only lives ten minutes away from the club in the worst of traffic.

finally, finally, they pull up to jaebum's apartment—just in the nick of time, too, seeing as jinyoung's fingers were growing a little too frisky for the semi-public setting. jinyoung's the one to toss a few thousand won into the front seat as they get out. jaebum's grateful, since he's kind of half-hard and digging his wallet out of his pocket might result in some awkwardness.

when jinyoung slips and lands on his butt on the icy patch right in front of the building's door, jaebum knows he's super, incredibly, ultra-screwed. jinyoung's cheeks redden and scrunch up as he giggles at his own clumsiness, and jaebum can't help but laugh along.

"don't laugh," jinyoung scolds even through his own snorts. "you jerk. i'm in pain."

"as if you don't have plenty of safety padding down there," scoffs jaebum, snickering at the affronted expression this puts on jinyoung's face. he's developing a crush very, very quickly here.

libido outweighs any growing romantic attraction, though. within moments of jaebum clumsily unlocking his door, he's got jinyoung caged in, pressed against the wall of his front hallway as they kiss. their teeth click together more than once and although it makes jinyoung whimper, jaebum's pretty sure it's not in pain. they kind of shuffle along the wall until they're in the main area of his apartment, never fully separating until finally jaebum growls low in his throat and lifts jinyoung up by the thighs. it's more or less the last straw on his end when jinyoung's legs wrap tight around his