don't deserve that kind of treatment from anyone. No matter how much you sometimes annoy other people, you aren't suppose to be their very convenient outlet!”

Lance kept frowning but now in confusion. Shiro continued talking, wanting to explain his point a little more.

“You are an great person. You are―You are an excellent pilot. You are, so stop giving me that look! I seriously think you were always destined to pilot Blue and that's why you didn't feel totally at home in the simulator back at the garrison. I know you're incredibly good at planning strategies on the spot and that you are our leg because you can carry so much...”

Shiro half hugged Lance before he kept going, his voice getting more intimate with the new closeness.

“You are our heart, Lance. You keep us sane and make us laugh and feel happy and you constantly remind us―remind me why we're fighting. You―You keep me on balance, you make me feel human. I mean, also the others but you... You're just so, so special to me. You're everything I―.”

Lance's surprised gaze made him stop before he said something even more embarrassing. Lance looked stunned. Mind as well get this over with, Shiro thought. He tried to make his voice sound calm and collect but he had no way of knowing if it was working.

“What I'm trying to tell you is that... I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I made you feel like it was your responsibility to take my frustration on, and I'm sorry to made you feel the same way that other assholes had made you feel. And I'm sorry I lied... I think I need you to be you more than anything else. You deserve better. I apologize, both as leader and as... Me. Just me.”

Lance needed more than a few seconds to collect himself. Shiro was grateful because he needed time as well. He didn't mean to said all that but he supposed it was inevitable; Shiro felt too much for Lance, it was impossible to keep all that out of his apology.

After a moment, Lance tentatively smiled at him, his eyes a bit watery on the sides. He cleared his throat before talking.

“You know... If I didn't know better, I'll say you just confessed to me.” Lance teased.

And maybe Shiro was even more tired than he thought because he just let himself keep looking at Lance, absorbing the blue of his eyes this close so he would never forget them and said nothing about the confession.

So what if Lance knew? Maybe that was the best. To just let it all out in the open.

Shiro could tell the moment Lance understood his silence as an affirmation because all of his face got a really surprised look on it and his eyes were so big the lights of the fake stars were reflecting on them.

“W-What? But that's impossible!”

Shiro shrugged while his brain entered in a numb calm.

Suddenly, for Shiro's eternal puzzlement, Lance whole posture changed to an angry one. A really angry one.

“Stop that!” He almost shouted, separating himself from Shiro's hug. “Fine, I accept your apology but you don't have to lie to make me believe you. Don't mock me with this Shiro, 'cuz that's too much and it does make me mad!”

Shiro frowned.

“Why would I lie about this?”

“Because is freaking impossible!” Lance actually shouted this time, even though Shiro was still sitting pretty close to him. “Come on! You want me to believe that you, you look at me and think 'yeah, I want that'. Pleh-ase! We know each other too much for that!”

Shiro was flabbergasted.

“What?! Lance, what the hell is that supposed to mean?! And that we know each other too much? So what? That's good, isn't?!”

“Not if you're going to lie! You can't get away with it!”

“I'm not lying!” Now Shiro was shouting too. “I really like you! Why don't you believe me?”

“Because I'm me and you are you!” Lance said moving his hands away from one another, as if to say that Shiro and Lance were just too different, too far away for Shiro to like him.

Shiro was feeling frustrated again. He wondered if it was a Lance thing that he was this difficult when Shiro was actually saying something nice.

Unless of course, it wasn't nice at all. Maybe Shiro wasn't getting the right message here. Maybe Lance was panicking because he thought Shiro wanted something out of his confession and Lance really, really didn't.

He sighed, willing his temper to stay calm.

“Lance... I don't―I don't want you to feel pressured to do anything here. I didn