“Yeah,” Kyungsoo clears his throat. “It did. Thank you.”

“You think you’ll see him again?” Luhan asks, smile gone.

Kyungsoo looks away. “I don’t know yet.”

 


 December 25th, 02:34:91

SM Entertainment Headquarters
101-16 Cheongdam-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea 


Seoul feels louder than he can remember. The moon casts a purple shadow onto the wall across from him, and he spends too long trying to find and label each little change his room has undergone. Color is still somewhat foreign to him, with each tint and shade that transforms before his eyes.

Jongin’s the other reason he can’t fall asleep.

Luhan isn’t stupid. He knows what Jongin means for Kyungsoo’s career. He’s been in the industry long enough to see it happen. But he’d been strangely lenient from the day Jongin appeared on the monitor, somehow able to disregard all of the immediate red flags. It’d probably have an effect on Luhan’s own career as well, now that Kyungsoo thinks about it. No company would hire a manager who not only encouraged but also instigated a meeting between an idol and their soulmate. Why is Jongin the exception?

Kyungsoo scoffs and turns over in bed. He doesn’t know why Luhan’s being the way he is, or why he himself was dumb enough to listen to him. He’d originally auditioned with Baekhyun and Jongdae; the three of them had gone through the trainee period together. It’d been hell from the start, watching girls get kicked out because they hadn’t lost enough weight that day, or guys end up on the curb because they screwed up a few too many dances. He’s seen people enter and exit the front door for good too many times by now. He hadn’t learnt anyone’s names—there was no point when they’d be gone within a week anyway.

Sure, the industry’s fucked up and everyone’s bones are close to snapping, but he’s clung for too long to this that he doesn’t know how else to live. Jongin isn’t supposed to be the variable that makes Kyungsoo want to throw that all away.

He has a hard time sleeping that night.

 


 December 26th, 08:37:24

SM Entertainment Headquarters
101-6 Cheongdam-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea 


“Where were you yesterday?” Baekhyun asks, passing by where Kyungsoo’s sitting hunched with his ramen.

The question doesn’t register in his mind until he’s mid-slurp, and he hastens to swallow quickly.

“Out.” He says shortly, and cringes internally.

“Out,” Baekhyun drawls, passing the word through his mouth lazily. “Anywhere in particular?”

Shit. Baekhyun’s going to see through any lie Kyungsoo tries to tell.

“Vocal lessons,” comes another voice from his right, and Kyungsoo allows himself a slight sigh of relief. “SMCon’s coming up soon, but. You already know that.”

Baekhyun looks back and forth between Kyungsoo and Luhan. “He spent the whole day at vocal lessons?”

Luhan shrugs. “His solo stage’s supposed to last a little over an hour.”

Kyungsoo turns around to stare at Luhan.

“I have a solo stage that’s over an hour?” Kyungsoo says, voice dry.

“That’s what I was going to talk to you about.” Luhan pulls out the schedule. “They want you to sing all of your title songs, starting from your debut. And,” Luhan flips the page, “you’re scheduled for a collaboration with CBX.”

“That’s not a solo stage, that’s a concert.” Baekhyun’s eyes widen in slight terror. “Oh god, I am so sorry.”

Kyungsoo’s throat feels hollow. “Are you kidding me?”

“Wish I was.” Luhan grimaces. “It’s the tenth SMCon, so they’re pulling out all the stops. You in the mood for a dance lesson with Yixing?”

“I don’t really have a choice,” Kyungsoo says, raising an eyebrow in amusement.

“True.” Luhan shrugs. “By the way, Baekhyun, Junmyeon just texted me that you guys have the dance lesson as well.”

Baekhyun groans, and Kyungsoo agrees internally. “Again? That asshole.”

Luhan rolls his eyes with a slight grin. Everyone knows Baekhyun doesn’t mean it—Junmyeon’s practically a saint for even trying to manage CBX. Luhan’s probably glad he transferred over as Kyungsoo’s manager.

“I’ll be there in five minutes.” Baekhyun says, pulling out his phone. “Minseok’s ready, but I need to go drag Jongdae’s ass from bed.”

“He’s still not up?”

Baekhyun rolls his eyes. “You tell him he has five minutes, he takes ten.” By the time he makes it to the door, he’s still muttering about Jongdae’