of his voice back. “The equipment?”

She nodded. “Hence the mess. I had to go back for it.”

His eyes furrowed as he took in the mess of the room again.

She sighed next to him, leaning against the coffee table. “Inanimate objects are harder.”

He nodded, though he was not sure why. It did not make sense to him, though lately, many things did not, and he tried not to dwell on it.

“I spoke to Genji,” she said.

He turned to her again.

“He said we should be okay, we weren’t followed.” Her eyes shifted to the door and then back to him.

He took another breath, and then another. “A success, then.”

She shook her head. “I’d never done that before,” she looked at him, a fear in her eyes as she took him in. “The plants saved you.”

He raised a brow. “The plants?”

She swallowed, nodding. “I could channel through them. They were irises,” she nearly smiled, but stopped herself. “We got lucky.”

“Rose—”

“You need water, and sleep.” She got up from her spot against the small coffee table and shuffled into the kitchenette.

 

Hanzo could do nothing but watch her. Moving was a difficult task, despite breathing becoming easier. He forced himself to sit up and lean against the armchair anyway.

His arms felt sore, as if he had trained hours and hours in the elements like he had once when he was younger. His muscles shook violently as he righted himself, and he would have felt vulnerable if he had not seen Rose in a similar state.

She downed several cups of water before pouring what Hanzo guessed was his own. She nearly handed it to him, but rethought her position. Instead, she brought the cup to his lips, brought her hand to the back of his head and gave him small, steady sips.

Her hand was warm against his neck, as was the water. It wasn’t until he saw the tell-tale chill around the glass did he consider that perhaps he was too cold.

When he was finished, she helped him stand. She was certainly stronger than she looked, but Hanzo remembered her fascination with pro wrestling and reassessed.

She was still shaking when she helped him lie on the bed. She did not bother hiding her distress now. She must be exhausted.

She blinked at him, noticing his gaze on her. “What?”

“Are you well?”

She took a breath and refused to meet his eyes. It was not his intention for the question to make her retreat further into herself.

“It doesn’t matter.”

He pushed. “Tomorrow will be trying.”

She nodded, but still would not meet his eyes. “Right, the mission.”

He shook his head. It was also not his intention to imply that took precedence over her well-being, but when he decided that it did not, he was not sure of. And what this said about his intentions, he was even less sure of.

“I mean to say that you have done enough for today, Rose.”

She finally met his eyes. Hers had calmed, though her hands were still shaking. Not for the first time that day, Hanzo thought of the night prior, how he had stilled her.

He wished to do the same again now.

“You should rest too, I’ll be to bed soon.”

She turned to enter the bathroom, the edge of the door hitting the bed before she closed it.

Hanzo settled onto the covers. He could not have stayed awake for long, even if he tried. He looked once more to his left shoulder, his tattoo still visible in the darkness of the room before falling asleep.

 

—

 

He had failed, and yet, it was a success.

It was a success for blood to be dripping down his blade, the ichor and guts coating it an indication of victory.

He had won.

He had won.

He had killed him.

 

The dreams took their usual shape, the haze of memory misaligned over Genji’s fallen form as his body twisted under Hanzo’s blade. What Hanzo thought he remembered and what he knew to be true, fighting with the illogic of nightmare.

The shape that was once his brother was gutted by the sword, then sliced in half, the remnants crawling over Hanzo’s skin.

He had done it, he had succeeded— won.

He had never meant to win this way.

He had never meant to hurt him. 

Why could Genji not understand? Why did he himself not understand?

 

For the first time in years, he heard the dragons howl in his ears, spitting acidic, terrible words at him. What had he truly protected? What was he now that it was all gone? His brother, his empire, himself. What was there left to protect, to save?

The garbled form of his brother spat blood from his tongue before saying: “This is how it was meant to be.”

His mind