of a month or so along – that he needed to be sitting down as much as possible and should have fresh fruit and milk handy, along with a continually topped off thermos of human blood. Buffy, the traitor, was fully behind all the unnecessary fuss.

As exasperating as it was, Spike didn’t actually mind, honestly. Just a bit odd, was all. There had been times when Dru had had enough presence of mind to pet and cuddle when he’d needed it, but for the most part, he’d been the one doing the fussing and caregiving for over a hundred years. Being on the receiving end still felt off somehow. Like it was all a dream, and he’d wake up at any moment to a nasty game of kick-the-Spike.

Not gonna happen, he told himself firmly. Buffy loved him. She wasn’t going to just up and walk out to be with Angel. She wasn’t that kind of girl, and she’d proved last night that she’d no interest in the smarmy git.

Spike’s thoughts were interrupted by the smarmy git in question coming in through the door, the rest of his lot tromping in after like they’d coordinated it ahead of time. Maybe they had, for all he knew. It’d be just like good old gramps to ring them all up to meet at an exact time so he could look all heroic and leader-y as he led them down into the club.

“This isn’t your private clubhouse, you know,” Lorne said from behind the bar, where he’d been working on setting things up. “The grand opening is in two nights, and I’m not postponing just so you can have a meeting place.” He glanced over as Buffy sat down beside Spike. “You can stay as long as you need, though. Caritas is a sanctuary after all.”

“Does that apply to me, too?” Darla asked.

“No.” Lorne turned away with that and went back to stocking his bar.

“Oh, the love and harmony here just fills me with the warm fuzzies.” Darla’s voice dripped sarcasm, but Spike could have sworn there was something actually a little hurt in her tone.

“Yeah, sorry,” Cordelia said, answering sarcasm for sarcasm, “for some reason, none of us have really warmed to you. Might be the attempted baby eating or something.” She glared suddenly at Angel while Darla waddled farther in and sat down at Spike’s table. “Though at least you didn’t sleep with an evil ho-bag and then lie about it!”

She sounded more upset about the lie than anything. From what little Spike knew of Cordelia, she was one to value honesty. He didn’t have much time to think on that though, with Darla staring hungrily across from him. Buffy was tense at his side, barely holding back from lunging across the table to stake the other woman. Spike carefully shifted Thursday over to Buffy, then scooted the bowl of fruit across the table. Darla fell on it like a ravenous beast.

“Hopefully we’ll be able to set up back at the hotel soon,” Wesley said, striding past Angel to put a stack of papers and books on a table. “I spoke with Giles today, and we’ve made a bit of a breakthrough in the prophecy.”

“It turns out some of the irregular verbs Wes was using were problematic when converted to Ga-shundi because of the Nyazian trick of converting both nouns and verbs,” Fred added, coming up beside the ex-watcher. She smiled at him. “But I’ll stop there and let him get on with telling you what he and Mr. Giles discovered.”

Their body language was different with each other than it had been. Closer and lacking the uncomfortable tension. Spike suspected the prophecy wasn’t the only breakthrough that had been made. He wondered if Fred had taken his advice. Either way, something had changed for the better. Good on them.

“The Tro-clan isn’t a person or even group of people,” Wesley began. “It’s a confluence of events.”

Angel frowned at that, his massive brow furrowing as the hamster in his thick skull got the rusty wheel in motion. “Not a person?” He glanced at Darla. “So that means my kid isn’t some kind of big evil thing bringing an apocalypse?”

“Confluence doesn’t sound like it actually rules the kid out,” Charlie pointed out. “It just means we’ve got something going on that involves you, your kid, Darla, and some other stuff.”

“Other things like her?” Angel asked, eyes narrowing as he looked at Thursday sitting innocently on Buffy’s lap.

“The little cutie cake isn’t part of this,” Lorne said.

Wesley frowned over his shoulder at Angel. “Lorne already ascertained that Thursday had nothing to do with the prophecy. I filled you in on that yesterday.”

The great and magnificent poof at least had