item smudged somewhere on his body everyday. He's got an odd mix of pieces but somehow they all fit together, looking as though they each have the same theme, just approached in many different ways.

 

A theme of agony and pain, of feeling trapped, hidden, but also the almost sad beauty that came with it. He's not sure if anyone else would see it, they could see something totally completely different, they can see just a bunch of colors and drawings, but he sees it, he feels it. So he's satisfied.

 

He calls JoJo because she's one of the people in charge of the gallery and he gave her a basic idea of his pieces a while back but now they're totally changed and he wants her opinion. JoJo can be brutally honest, she can tear your piece apart or build it up, give you the confidence to show it or the doubt to fix it. She won’t sugarcoat, specially not for him.

 

JoJo shows up with her natural red hair pulled up into a neat bun, freckles on her nose and cheeks and a red grin on her lips as she snickers at all the mess he is. He's got paint under his nails and in his hair, pencil shading on the side of his hands and face.

 

"Are you one of the pieces too?" she teases.

 

When he only laughs lightly, she looks at him odd and he wonders if he's being too transparent. He leads her to his room where he has all the canvases lined up and steps aside while she stands in front and takes it all in.

 

It takes what feels like forever but could actually just be 5 minutes for JoJo to turn to him, crossing the room and pulling him into a hug. He's surprised but accepts it, hugging back. "Oh Zayn, I know I have no right to be mad at you but I am."

 

Zayn pulls away instantly, his stomach turning at the thought that she doesn't like his pieces, that maybe he's done something wrong. And she must see it on his face because she's quickly adding, "Why didn't you tell me you were feeling this way?"

 

The relief is brief, quickly replaced with the deep sadness he's been trying to get out of his system with his art. It's not gone, none of it is gone, it's just out for the world to see now.

 

"It's mostly a recent thing." He shrugs, smiling tightly at her. It doesn't feel real and he knows it doesn't look real either.

 

"Christ, you're breaking my heart, babe." JoJo sighs, her eyes wet with emotions. "I want all of them."

 

Zayn laughs wetly, wiping under his eyes. "You have too much of my paintings already."

 

"I'll never get enough, dear." And he smiles his first genuine smile in a month at how truly JoJo meant her words.




::::::::




Once Zayn isn't preoccupied obsessing over his collection, he's left at the mercy of his mind. The loneliness creeps in and the memories replay too many times. He tortures himself by going through their old texts (because apparently he's a cliche when it comes to break ups) but he notices quickly how many of his went unanswered and he clicks off his screen with a grimace.

 

He can sometimes still feel Liam's hands on him, hear his voice in his ear, smell the body wash on his skin. He knows it's all in his mind but that doesn't make it feel any less real. And he knows he needs to do something, needs to get out, maybe. Harry keeps telling him that he can't keep himself locked up in his room, that he won’t get anywhere like that, and maybe he's right but it's just so hard to move when he feels so broken up inside.

 

But he tries. He goes out. He goes out with Harry, Louis and Niall when they're all available (he knows they-except Harry- still hang out with Liam, he knows that's why sometimes they can't give him a reason as to why they're busy, but he's not mad, they've been friends with Liam just as long as they've been friends with him).

 

The first time going out is tough, he gets too drunk because the music's too loud and the room is too hot and the bodies are too close, and that's the only way he can think to handle it. He calls Liam too but when he answers Zayn can't form words, can only listen to his voice below the heavy bass of the music calling his name, asking if he's okay, and Zayn cries. Harry had to take his phone away.

 

The second time isn't any better because some big bloke has set his sleazy sights on Zayn and he doesn't leave him alone all night