for me to be certain of the positives of any of it.”

“There is nothing improper or wrong about attempting to sort out the possibilities,” Kanaya says tightly, and you choke back a laugh.

Ah yes. The possibilities. With more vitriol in your tone than you initially intended, you ask, “Weren’t you just listening? There are too many futures to see clearly. Everything hinges on the order that we arrive in the new world, who we meet first, what the situation there is. It’s too much to predict, much less control. Especially since I can’t do anything trapped here.”

For a moment, Kanaya seems like she’s holding back whatever it is that she’s trying to say, but it passes with a look of determination as she opens her mouth, full and dark-lipped in her pale, glowing face. “We could just talk about it, if you chose to be any less infuriatingly obtuse.” Kanaya pauses, and then, with a deliberate sort of condescension, she says, “I would have thought you would grow out of your wriggler-worthy tantrums and tendency towards reticence.”

“Tan-” you bite out before hauling your sudden snap of temper back. You breathe in, breathe out.

It will be fine.

It will.

And so you straighten your back, raise your chin, and stare straight into Kanaya's dark eyes.

“No,” you say quietly, watching the outrage widen Kanaya's eyes and nostrils, her pupils narrowing into thin slits. “I don't think I am the one here given to fits of childishness.”

“Uh,” comes a new, loud, raspy voice, and you start, turn to look at Terezi, who had apparently entered the room at some point during your arguing. Her head is weaving back and forth between you and Kanaya, a grin canting her lips. You don’t understand why she’s smiling. “Do I need to step in?”

Coldly, Kanaya says, “We have this under control,” and you feel like you’re missing some vital piece to the puzzle when Terezi only laughs.


Fifteen comes and goes, and with it arrive the nightmares and never-ending pulse of soon, soon, soon that constantly catches your attention whenever you try to tear it away. You learn how to alchemize food, drink.


You cannot sleep except to enter the dream-bubbles.

Even when you do, you can feel your hold on reality slipping just slightly sideways, a bit too reminiscent of blood on your mother’s scarf and inky black raining from the sky.


The stars float by.


How are we even breathing, you wonder, looking out one of the various peepholes present in the meteor. You're in space, under all technicalities, you shouldn't be able to breathe at the very least, not to mention all of the pressure differences and temperatures (or lack thereof) due to the vacuum surrounding you. You should be dead.

You cover your mouth with one hand, shaking.

You should be dead so many times over, and breathing in space is the part that has you freaked out.

That, and the fact that the temperature is balmy and comfortable, never too cold or too hot, and there's no wind despite the apparent speed of your passage, and your breaths are coming too quickly and you can't see, you can't see.

There's a low moan, and it takes you longer than you're proud of to realize that it's you.

You hear footsteps, and then a form clad only in red sits down next to you, arms braced on the table. You slant Dave a sideways glance, and he grins at you, tired and tired and his eyes, much like yours, are red around the edges. His hands, when he lifts them up to offer you a quiet fist bump, are trembling just slightly.

You knock your fists against his and quell your breaths.

Dave, if anyone, understands the hardships of seeing too many futures.

Another set of footsteps comes up behind you, however, and you tense as new, white light spills across the tabletop. You stare at your shadow for a long moment before you turn around to look up at Kanaya, the drag of your eyes and flush of your skin nothing new. Infuriating and beautiful as ever, Kanaya arches an eyebrow at you.

“Any news on what more we should prepare for, Oh Seer?”

Any benevolence you felt shrivels. Your mouth ticks into a flat line. “Nothing more than I have seen already.”

She hums, and the noise is off-putting. More akin to the sound of insect wings; something made with too many vocal chords, and for once the difference is more intriguing than off-putting. You lick your lips. “I had thought,” Kanaya says, sharp, “that the visions were meant to aid us, but all you would have us believe is that they are too vague to be of any use?”

You bite your lip hard to force yourself