the Minister has seen this and drawn his own, stupid, pedestrian opinions on Sherlock. And from the curl of his lip Sherlock obviously has his opinions too.

‘Nice to meet you.’ Says the Minister. ‘I won’t shake your hand.’ He then leans over towards Mycroft and says in stage whisper. ‘Can he hear me?’

‘No!’ Says Sherlock loudly, making the Minister jump.

Deaf. But can read lips! Sherlock signs gesturing at his ears and then his lips, as he signs he thrusts his face angrily at the Minister. He then bends gracefully down and scoops up the butter dish, which he tucks under one arm before stalking from the living room. As he passes the Aide he blows a raspberry in his face. The Aide flinches back. When he was younger Mycroft had tried to, in his own mind categorise this particular piece of his brother’s communication, the closest he ever came was the French exclamation ‘Bof!’ Though Sherlock’s version usually communicated much more anger or emotion about a subject. In the end a teenaged Mycroft filed the word in his Sherlock cabinet and decided not to fret too much. Now he just flinches as Sherlock slams the door.

Later he remains tight lipped about Sherlock. The most disservice he will do for his brother is to call him an eccentric, in response to the Minister’s loaded questions about Sherlock’s Deafness. Mycroft wishes it was as simple as 'Sherlock. Genius.' Preferable to explaining why Sherlock was still wearing his pyjamas at 3pm, or why the butter dish was on the living room floor and the butter somewhere unmentionable. And infinitely preferable to telling yet another idiot that lip-reading meant reading lips not the back's of heads and that Deaf meant Deaf not stupid.

What were you doing with the butter dish?  Mycroft asks later. Experiment . Signs Sherlock with a shrug.


Sherlock, this is my home and workplace and you need to respect that. 


Maybe you should just lock me up in my room then. Sherlock tosses in a mime of throwing away the key for good measure.


Don’t be ridiculous.


Did you tell him I was stupid then?  Asks Sherlock, his hand moving to fiddle with his hearing aid.

What’s wrong? Is your hearing aid not working?  Mycroft asks. Sherlock drops his hand from his ear and shakes his head distractedly.

Did you tell him I was stupid?  Repeats Sherlock.

What. No of course not. Replies Mycroft.  Sherlock‘s hand is back tugging at his earlobe, it’s already red from his treatment.  

But you didn’t deny it. Because they asked didn’t they?  And Mycroft finds his shoulders moving up into a shrug, but he aborts the movement, too late for Sherlock. Sherlock flushes red.  

‘I hate….’ He says out loud, but leaves the sentence hanging. ‘I hate…. I hate….I hate….’ Sherlock is on repeat vocally and his hands are clawing upwards from his abdomen to his chest with each word.  If this was a 10 year old Sherlock stood in front of him, this inability to find the words would indicate that a meltdown was imminent. Best snap him out of it.

Mycroft takes a firm step forwards and grasps Sherlock firmly by the shoulders. The physical contact jolts Sherlock who stops repeating and stares at Mycroft. Mycroft gives one firm squeeze and steps back. He looks carefully at Sherlock.

‘What do you hate? Is it me? It’s usually me?’ Mycroft prompts.

 ‘I hate…’ begins Sherlock once again. ‘This fucking hearing aid!’ And he yanks the hearing aid out so harshly that Mycroft winces, and throws it at Mycroft’s chest.    Mycroft fumbles but catches it and when he looks up Sherlock is gone.

The hearing aid is neat, small and new. Sherlock only wears it in his left ear, the only ear that really benefits from any hearing aid. Later Mycroft carefully places it back in the case Sherlock has for it in the bathroom.

The next morning Sherlock wanders in for breakfast, wearing his hearing aid. He avoids Mycroft’s gaze as he sits at the table. Mycroft’s housekeeper comes in slightly later, as her hand’s our occupied with carrying a large tray of bread, butter and jam, she lets door slam shut after her.    It’s not a loud bang, but it does boom and reverberate in the high ceiling dining room. Sherlock looks up sharply as the door closes and turns quickly towards the door and then back towards Mycroft

Door? He queries quickly.

Mycroft nods. Sherlock nods contemplatively. Seeing that Sherlock looks fairly calm and relaxed he dares to venture a question.

I am intrigued by your hearing aid. Sherlock looks at him sharply.


How much does it help?


Sherlock actually thinks for a moment.

He wavers a hand back and forth and then pinches the air a little.


Makes me aware, aware of sound. No not sound. Movement. Vibrations. 


Sherlock eats two bowl of cereal, a mountain of toast, and downs glasses of orange juice as if it’s going