tables hiding a pile of papers which appeared to somebody's homework. Probably Combeferre's, Marius mused, only he would be worrying about work in the middle of a war. A thin smile crossed Marius lips as he remembered the evenings they'd all spent here, laughing and joking. He could still picture them so well. As he remembered each and every one of them came to life around him, just as real to Marius as they had been then.

There in the corner was Courfeyrac laughing with disbelief at the discovery that his latest conquest, some poor grisette from the local area, had left him for another man. Left him! He was making a big show of how wounded he was but it was obvious she'd be forgotten before the night was out. With him at the table were Jehan and Bahorel, Jehan writing Courfeyrac's woes into a poem that would win the girl back and Bahorel offering to 'sort out' the competition if Courfeyrac so wished. At a table on the other side of Marius, Joly and Bossuet were battling good-humouredly, trying to outdo each other in suffering; Bossuet arguing his latest real-life misfortunes and Joly, the latest of his imaginary illnesses backing up his points with frequent observations of his tongue. In the far corner, Feuilly and Grantaire were joking around but it was obvious, painfully so to Marius, that Grantaire's attention was almost completely focussed on another man in that small room. At the table in the centre of the room Combeferre was busy scribbling away at a sheet or paper making notes, probably studying or writing a new rousing speech or campaign leaflet. Leaning over his shoulder reading was Enjolras. Even still and silent, Enjolras was the focal point of the room. Everyone, not just Grantaire, had at least half an eye on him. The smallest gesture from Enjolras and the meeting would be underway.

The scene before Marius changed as time moved forward. As he watched, the meetings grew more and more serious, the carefree, lively discussions of their early days gradually giving way to serious speeches and heated debates. Gavroche, no longer the corpse from the street, burst into the room to announce the death of Lamarque. In less than a second Enjolras had launched into that fateful rallying speech, the speech that told them the time of the battle had come, the speech that told them the new world was theirs to be won. Enjolras spoke with such passion and conviction. He always did, Marius reflected. Enjolras had presence, charm and a way with words that could convince anyone to do anything. It wasn't surprising they'd all followed him willingly to their deaths. He looked around the room at the excited faces, each one already glowing with the victory they were certain would soon belong to them. Marius could even see himself in that room looking as though he was just as full of hope and anticipation as the rest of them but Marius remembered being at that meeting. He remembered that his mind hadn't been completely there, not with his friends. Even at the most crucial moment his thoughts had been far away with Cosette and he hadn't really listened to what Enjolras' words. Had he ever listened? When he'd first joined them he'd been just as devoted as the rest of them but then Cosette entered his life and everything else in the word seemed to fade away. He hadn't paid any more attention to the cause that had previously been so important. When it came down to it, he'd been there because his friends were there. He wasn't prepared for what they were getting themselves into but then, he added bitterly, there wasn't one among them who was.

Once more, the events of those fateful days played out in front of him. He watched and followed as they ran out into the streets singing and gaining support. Back then every man who had joined with them had seemed like a million. Now, watching the scene with the bitter detachment of hindsight, he could see that for every person who promised to fight with them there were at least twenty who passed them by, heads down, not wanting to get involved and muttering what stupid children they were. They couldn't bring about change; what point was there in dying for a lost cause? The barricade went up and Marius found himself reliving every single painful moment. He saw Eponine dying in his arms again, the same look in her eyes that the dead Grantaire had used for Enjolras. He saw the spy and how willingly that old man who had joined them had killed him. The old man who had seemed to familiar but, even now, walking like a ghost around the active barricade, he couldn't get a clear view of him. He saw Gavroche fall, singing as joyfully as he ever had right up until the end, possibly the bravest among them. Marius watched as the day turned into night and they spent their final hours together. He saw the darkening of spirits that died out with the light as they became painfully aware that they were alone and the end was