actually trying to deny it, holy hell Grantaire all you do is call me perfect!” Enjolras was off the couch in a flash, his throw pillow flying up to bounce off Combeferre’s desk. Hopefully Ferre didn’t need that giant stack of papers in order.

Enjolras grabbed the lapels of Grantaire’s hoodie and yanked him forward, his face a red mess of tears. “You do not get to deny this, you do not get to say you’ve treated me with respect when an hour ago you were tearing me apart in front of all of my friends, so stop, okay, just STOP!”

“But you do that to me all the time!” Grantaire knew he was an absolute idiot to protest right now, but it was kind of true. Enjolras did make a habit of ridiculing him in public when he could.

Enjolras sniffed, eyes ablaze and shining with unshed tears. “Yeah, when I’m right, which is like fifteen percent of the time at best! You get the other eighty-five, can’t you be happy with that?”

Grantaire was genuinely confused. “Eighty-five? Since when do I ever win our arguments?”

Enjolras let his hands drop, twisting them forcefully together in his lap. “Just because I don’t give up doesn’t mean you haven’t won. What do you expect, a formal concession? Should I be getting on my knees and begging your forgiveness every time you find fault in something I say?”

“No.” He should apologize now. This was more than he ever got from Enjolras, and it was terrifying.

“Well good, ‘cause I won’t!”

“I didn’t realize you actually listened to me that much,” Grantaire said softly.

“I’d be doing myself a disservice if I didn’t,” said Enjolras. “You are, after all, way smarter than I am.”

“Whoa, whoa, whoa, back up a second. Where is this coming from?”

Enjolras looked at him like he’d sprouted a second head. “Wait what?”

Grantaire tried again. “Since when am I smarter than you?”

“Since ever? Always?” Enjolras looked at his hands. “Since you called me a trumped-up idealist who’s only capable of thinking in black-and-white and wake up, sweetie, the world doesn’t work that way?”

Enjolras’ lip started to wobble again. Grantaire put a hand on his thigh, and Enjolras jerked back.

“When did I say that?” Grantaire asked, because honestly, he had zero memory of ever being that harsh.

“I dunno, like three months ago?”

“I didn’t mean it.”

Enjolras glared. “You seemed to, at the time.”

“Then I was probably drunk off my ass because that isn’t true, and I wouldn’t have said it sober.”

“Yeah, well…”

“Enjolras, I don’t believe that.” He wanted to hug him, wanted to pull Enjolras in and convince him that Grantaire didn’t see him that way. It hurt like a punch to the gut, knowing he was the one who had made Enjolras this upset.

“You’re not wrong, though.” Enjolras scrubbed at his eyes with the sleeve of his sweater, leaving big, dark streaks of dampness behind. “I do think in black and white, I do fail to consider all the consequences. I frequently get ahead of myself, trying to fight for the cause, and if I didn’t have you to pull me back all the time I’d probably end up trampling over twice as many rights and freedoms as I can save.”

“Apol- fuck, sorry. Enjolras. You’re nineteen, you’re not supposed to have all the answers yet. You’re only one person, and in nineteen years you’ve done more for civil rights than fifty regular people get done in a lifetime.”

“You think so?” Enjolras chewed on his lip, waiting for Grantaire to answer. With his face blotchy like that, and his blond curls escaping his hair tie in a halo of golden frizz, he looked years younger and a hundred times less intimidating than usual.

“Oh my god, of course I do.” Now he had his opening. Grantaire pulled Enjolras in for a bear hug, and Enjolras went willingly. “You have beliefs and you actually do something about them, you bring all of your friends together…”

“Sorry I called them ‘mine’ before,” Enjolras said. “They’re your friends too.”

“I know.” Grantaire squeezed Enjolras’ shoulders. Enjolras was the taller of the two, but he still felt light and tiny in Grantaire’s arms. He’d never hugged Enjolras before, and Grantaire was sort of surprised at how easy it felt, how well they fit together.

“I’m sorry I’ve been such a massive dick,” Grantaire said, half into Enjolras’ hair. His shampoo smelled like coconuts.

“Thanks,” Enjolras said