… You remember us, don’t you?” He swallowed the lump in his throat. “Your brothers?”

Adam stood still with a blank expression, his eyes looking unfairly old for a young man as they flicked between the two hunters. His silence was unbearable, for the Winchesters knew they couldn’t begin to understand his mind at this point; had anything been left of the Adam they knew with all that he had endured for much, much longer than both of them? 

Sam too stepped forward. “Adam-”

“Enough.”

His voice was soft, but lower than it should have been at his age, if such a thing still counted. On Earth, twenty year old Adam Milligan wasn’t supposed to sound like a whiskey-weary, over thirty Dean Winchester. But in Hell..? 

“I don’t care anymore,” he continued, his gaze frighteningly blank. “Leave me alone.” He looked away and they could only stand dumbstruck, side-glancing each other. 

Dean took a deep breath and tried again: “Leaving you down there has no excuse.” He tried to suppress the slight waver in his voice. “I know it’s been too long… I know you’ve endured the unimaginable and I know it doesn’t matter how damn sorry I am.” He couldn’t help the blur in his vision now, only accelerated by the moist gulp he heard from Sam. “But I never forgot it, kid. I never forgot I took Sam and left you there; first in that room, then in the Cage. I tried to save you both, god I tried, but-”

“I said, enough.” His voice came stronger, but Adam didn’t even glance at them this time, his stoic face unchanging. “That got old years ago so don’t bother. Yes, they don’t give a damn and yes, I’m stuck here forever.”

They both felt a chill then, sickeningly moving down their arms. It reminded Sam of Lucifer’s touch itself, and he wanted to scream and cry and retch all at once at the unfairness of it all, but what had they expected? Beside him, Dean had stopped breathing, his eyes wide in horror as he stared on helplessly at their little brother.

Adam looked back at them again, his features moving a fraction indecipherably before letting out an ironic huff, the remnant of a chuckle. “Good job with the sky, but Dean crying over me? That’s overdoing it,” he muttered, then turned back around to gaze at the imaginary ceiling of his prison nonchalantly.

Dean inhaled. Only, it sounded like dying. 

In an instant, Sam stormed off from his side to Adam and put a firm hand on their brother’s shoulder- Adam stiffened under the touch but didn’t move, expecting pain and torture to follow that he no longer resisted. Sam’s chest tightened in sympathy, recognizing that sick anticipation but he held on, waiting for Adam to grasp the feeling, to register it.

“This is real,” Sam said, firm and slow to make his point clear to a foggy mind he related all too well. “Feel it, Adam. You know me. I was with you.”

It felt like forever before Adam moved, slowly turning his head to look at the large palm covering his shoulder. The touch was warm, determined, familiar. His gaze followed the length of Sam’s arm up to his face- gentle, hazel, aged. Free. 

The horrible blank expression remained, but something passed over Adam’s eyes -were they always grey? No, bluer before. Sam wanted to call it hope but it looked too ancient; the tiniest glint of something shattered way too many times, buried way too deep.

“This isn’t-”

“It is.” He gripped Adam’s other shoulder to emphasize. “We are. It’s us, Sam and Dean, in the flesh.”

A couple feet away, Dean could do nothing but watch as an ironic copy of the scene where he once tried to ground a mentally broken brother played out before him.

“You got away, Adam,” Sam continued softly at the silence. His warm eyes bored into Adam’s cold ones, trying to find and coax out the spirit he knew to be there somewhere, his hold firm -real- on Adam’s shoulders. “We got you out. You’re with us, you’re free. Please, believe it now.”

It was all they could ask of him. And all they could do now was to hold him as he would inevitably fall under the weight of reality. It was no less than what Sam and Dean always did for each other, and no less than what their brother deserved.

It was slow, minutes and eras slow, but Adam’s face did start to change; his eyes slowly widened to reveal his true age, a boy -a very old boy- and his once lifeless features morphed into something unbearable before them. Centuries’ worth of desperation