Harold. I'll be seeing you after class.” He rolled his eyes at my nickname.
“It's Harry,” he stated bluntly. I turned around continuing with my English Language class. 

Harry's POV: 

The bell finally rung, streams of teenagers sped out the class as the clock hit 3. “See ya Haz” Zayn said before walking out the door.
Louis smirked over at me as I stalked over to him jumping into his lap. “I missed you so much,” he said attacking my lips smoothly. He traced his finger along my jawline smiling against the kiss. “I'll be seeing you tonight Harry,” he said in a stern manner as I moaned in agreement.  

 

Niall's POV: 

“Vodka please,” he said plopping down into the stool
“ID please,” I said smiling. He doesn't look a day over 16. I took the ID examining it, not particularly caring about whether it was real or not just admiring the gorgeous creature in my presence. Looks genuine. I smiled at him handing him both his order and ID.
“Here you are mate. Why so down? Vodka on a Monday?” I questioned.
“Do you always ask this many questions? And if you must know, just had a really shit day at college.” He sighed.
“Don't worry mate it'll get better,”I stated smiling sheepishly at him.  

Josh's POV: 

“Look, mate, what I'm saying is that Denton is on your case so you better get the job done. I'm only tryna look out for you. Oh, and I suggest you leave after this. It's not for you.” Zayn spoke with concern in his eyes.
“Its only a one-time thing. I just need some quick cash to pay my rent then I'm sorted.” I said. “Good. I don't want you to end up like me. “ he said before walking off.  I got into my car opening the glove box revealing the weapon.
*Flashback*
‘Don't worry. I ain't asking you to kill em’ just gi’ em’ a good ol’ scare! Easy peasy then I'll give yer a grand, it's a win-win sit’iation.’ He said slyly.
••°••
I pulled up outside the house pulling my hood over my head and grabbing the weapon walking out of my car. I sped up to the house a sudden anger boiling inside me remembering the events of last year. I kicked the door open barging in smashing everything in sight. I heard a gasp and looked ahead. There stood a girl, I could tell she was about to scream so I quickly dropped the glass ornament I held and scarpered out the door.

Sorry for how shitty this is. x

Harry's POV 

I sat in my living room waiting for Louis to turn up. I love him so much, he changed my life for the better, i don't know what i’d do without him. In fact i’d probably have been arrested for arson by now to be fair. Lets just say i haven’t always been this well behaved. It was actually louis who made me give that life up; hence why i feel so lucky and so happy that i have him and i'm able to call him mine even if that's not in public. As long as he’s mine, its all good. I remember when I first met him, I was about 16 and think I was on my way to burn a car,he didn't know of my intentions but we went into a pub and got to know one another. He caught me once on the way to the shed I was about to burn down. He stopped me and I haven't looked back since. Mum was at work again so she had no idea Louis was coming over. He walked in as soon as the oven called.  I answered the door kissing the blue eyed male tenderly and then rushed over to attend to the oven.

 

Zayn's POV 

I cried out as my cum coated my tattooed torso. My college teacher is absolutely gorgeous. I can't believe I went in looking all scruffy like I did this morning. I wonder what he must have thought. The messy looking late kid, oh god. I buckled my pants back up after using a tissue to wipe the cum from my abs. I checked my phone. Nothing. I sighed in relief, this meant I could actually get to school on time in the morning and attempt to look good. I have Mr Payne for 3 hours tomorrow morning. I don't know how I'll make it through the lesson but oh well I get a spectacular view. I went into the small kitchen of my equally small flat, in which I lived alone. I moved in here about a year ago after my parents kicked me out for my wonderful hat-trick of fuck ups; first, they walked in on me having sex when I wasn'