, the way they flexed under my hands but I have to remember that isn’t the goal. As crazy as I am, I think I could have something with him, something bigger than the job. I don’t encounter a lot of people, sure, but the way that we connected, sex aside, felt real, and it felt like something worth pursuing.

I debate whether I should drive up or park and walk up to him, driving up to him may be a bit better in this situation. I pull up to where he’s standing, passenger side facing him and roll down the window as he approaches.  He leans up against the window, chevrons that I remember licking on full display and he starts his emotionless pickup line, “Lonely ma….” And changes the course of his sentence in recognition “…Niall?!”

My eyes are averted up to his and I can’t read the tone of his voice. “Hi.” I wave with a sheepish smile and averting my eyes to the empty truck seat next to me.

“What are you doing here?” I can’t tell if he’s nervous or annoyed that I’m in front of him again.

“Um…I wanted to see you again?” Not meaning to end the phrase with a question mark.

This time his response is distinct annoyance. “Ah, you wanted me to fuck you again? Realized that you weren’t above it all like you thought. You know what? I’m not interested, I don’t need the money that badly tonight, not enough to be at your beck and call.” And I realize that it’s not annoyance, it’s hurt. The one person he thought was good just came back to pay for it because at the end of the day, he’s still just a human sex toy.

“Liam! No, shit no that’s not it! I, fuck! All week I’ve been thinking about you! I was absolutely gutted when you weren’t there when I woke up last weekend because I thought that I was something more than a job and realized that I really wasn’t. But I haven’t been able to get you out of my head, Li. Not just because of the sex but because of you, genuinely because of you. Because of your rare laugh, your smile, the conversation, the way I felt in your arms, the sleep I got being next to you, and if I’m honest yes, because of how I came undone with you. I know it was stupid of me to come here but I had to try Liam. I want you again, whatever it is that you want to give me. If I’m just a job then I’ll pay Liam, and we don’t even have to have sex I just want to be around you. I will take you out to dinner or we can just stand here all night but Liam I want to be around you, I can’t get you out of my head so I need you, in whatever capacity I can have you.”

Liam hesitates with an eyebrow raised again, an all too familiar eye raise. “You’ll pay me $500 to stand here and talk to me all night?”

I don’t hesitate. “Yes Liam, fuck yes. In a heartbeat.” And I move to take out my wallet as he laughs.

“That won’t be necessary, I believe you.”

“Does that mean….?”

“I’m yours for tonight, you pay, you get me.”

I know it’s so wrong but I’m so excited by this, my fucking heart hurts.

He opens the truck door and gets in, “Where to?” He asks.

“Um, I actually don’t know. I hadn’t gotten that far when I planned this all out.” I look down at my hands in my lap knowing I’m 6 shades of red right now.

He laughs. “Can I drive?”

“What?” My head shoots up to shoot him a questioning glance.

“I know a place. It’s a nice night, it’s a nice place.”

Right now Liam could ask for my social security number, address and keys to my house, my first born and really anything else and I’d gladly give it to him. Asking to drive doesn’t seem like that big of a request.

We drive for a few minutes, through the night, through places I didn’t know exist. With anyone else the quiet would have been awkward, but with Liam it fits. The night sky, the stars, the open space, his hand reaching out to rest on my knee with a small smile between us. I could do this all night and still be perfectly happy.

He parks us at the top of a hill, where all I can see ahead of us is night and meadows and where all that matters is Liam. This is certainly better than the motel room I would have rented