lips while a tongue was forced itself inside.  They engaged in a deep kiss, both fighting for dominance.  Sasuke could feel a hand traveling from his hipbone to the nape of his neck, bringing him closer to the captain as he kept fighting into the kiss. Sasuke bit the invading tongue hard enough to draw blood until he was pulled back by his new collar, silently reminding him of his request.

Unwillingly, Sasuke stopped fighting the intruding appendage and felt a dominant smirk against his lips which only served to fuel his annoyance with the man. He stood completely naked in front of the fully clothed captain, but he stubbornly wouldn't do anything to change that fact –even when he started to feel bothered by it.  A calloused hand teased his painfully erect nipple while going south at an agonizingly slow pace. When the hand touched his pubic hair his body started to tremble but nothing compared to when the captain finally stroked his dick.

It was fully erect in within seconds and Sasuke almost came right then if it wasn't for his obstinate nature. But every moment became more difficult by the second as the kiss never slackened nor did the hand speed up.  He tried —successfully so far— to hold back any sounds other than his deep breaths, unbeknownst to him, making the captain more excited about his prey.

The hand on Sasuke's neck slowly but firmly started to pull his body down, the other one stroking his erection brought Sasuke closer to the edge.  His outer countenance betrayed nothing but a firm grip in the captain arms to support himself.  When Sasuke finally lay on the carpet the captain spread his legs with his own making himself comfortable above him, leaving Sasuke exposed and vulnerable.  He hated being like this! 

But everything was forgotten when a hot mouth engulfed him whole.  'Fuck' pant... 'Aren't I the one who's supposed to...' gasp... 'Oh shit!' The captain's mouth felt wonderful on his length, sucking, licking, stroking and the perfect use of teeth. Sasuke could feel himself falling into the void as there was nothing to hold on except the captain.

He couldn't hold on anymore! His body craved to scream! To let go! To call the captain's name as he came but his mind refused to submit 'Don't stop!' he thought when the captain give a particularly hard suck 'Aaaaah!' Sasuke could feel his own precum mixed with the captain's saliva going down to his balls. 'Oooh... Do-Don't stop!'  His brain went into overload when he realized that he had a couple of fingers already buried deep inside. His eyes were shut tightly, his hands tried to hold on to the carpet as he felt his body tense, his skin a deep crimson blush as waves of pleasure ripped through him.

Everything went black for a few seconds, his body felt too heavy and his breathing was too fast. Trying to take deep breaths Sasuke opened his eyes. His vision was blurry but he could distinguish the outline of the captain standing at his feet. With a little trouble and blinking a few times to clear his mind, Sasuke propped himself up on his elbows, his penis jolting when he saw the captain's lusting eyes.

With their eyes locked on to each other's, the captain started to take off his cloak, letting it fall unconcerned where it landed.  He put one foot between Sasuke's legs, raising a brow in a silent command for him to remove his boots. Sasuke, clearly annoyed, complied getting an, unseen, pleased smile. 

"What is your name boy?" the captain asked while he took off the rest of his clothes.

"Sasuke Uchiha of the Uchiha clan."

"Sasuke..." he repeated in a whisper, and as the last remaining piece of fabric fell he continued, "You can call me Naruto when we are like this"

Sasuke's eyes widened slightly which didn't go unnoticed by Naruto. Sasuke watched, with his mouth barely open as Naruto stood smugly at his feet, focusing on the way his muscles flexed unconsciously and his large erection heavily leaked precum.

The blond came closer and knelt in front of Sasuke, leaning in to share a deep kiss. Sasuke got aroused again when he tasted his own essence on Naruto's lips and since he was so focused on the kiss, he didn't notice the strong arms take hold of him until he was lifted into the air.

"I can walk, damn it! Put me down!" 

Sasuke said giving him an angry glare, more because of his pride than anything else. When Naruto put him down, his legs were shaking but he silently thanked the gods that he was able to actually walk.

Naruto was amused to say the least.

Through all his journeys he had never came across someone like Sasuke, so fierce and beautiful.  He smiled a bit when he saw Sasuke slowly walking towards the bed, a little dazed. He was such an attractive specimen.  They were almost the same height and while Naruto had muscles, Sasuke was perfectly toned with strong but elegant features. The ethereal