she added sadly.  Yes!  She was missing me!

"Oh, I'm sorry, I took her locker then.  I'm Ryan by the way.  Thanks for helping me out."

"I'm Kara, and it's no trouble at all.  Do you want me to show you around?"

"That would be great," I replied with a smile.


So, that day hadn't gone too badly.  I hung out with all my mates and none of them realised who I was.  Kara invited me into her group like the kind person she is, and I happily accepted (obviously).  It also turns out we have four classes together.  She sat with me in all of them.  Every.  Single.  One.  I lay in bed that night thinking about how I could get her to go out with me.  Once we started dating I was sure I would be able to tell her that it was me.  The only problem; how to ask her out. 


Horse books in the library.

I waited three weeks to ask her. I know, I know, three weeks isn't very long, but I was desperate. Besides, I'd known her longer than three weeks, she just didn't know that yet. My heart died a little when she turned me down."I'm sorry Ryan... I don't know you that well. And umm, I have a boyfriend."  What! Since when!? They mustn't have been together for too long, otherwise I would have known about it.  I just hoped he wouldn't be 'the one' that she was looking for.  The next couple of days were full of awkward encounters in the hallway where neither of us really knew what to say.  We got over it a few days later.

I was sitting in the dark part of the library, knees up and reading I Am the Great Horse - just because I'm gay it doesn't mean I can't like horsies, okay? - when she found me.  She sat directly across from me. "I don't want things to be weird between us anymore," she whispered."Neither do I," I whispered back.  "I didn't know you have a boyfriend.""Had," she corrected me. "I dumped him.""Why?""Oh, he's just not right for me, that's all.""I'm sorry..?"  She didn't seem too cut up about it, and I definitely wasn't cut up about it."Thanks.  What are you reading?""Uh... Umm... I Am the Great Horse."  My cheeks flushed with embarrassment as I held it up for her."Cool," she grinned at me. "I love that a guy is reading something like that.""Oh I'm all over it," I joked. "Flicka, Black Beauty, and here's the kicker; my personal favourite is Pony Pals." She snorted at that, causing the librarian to give us evils.  I mouthed 'sorry' at her and turned back to Kara, grinning.  "Really, that little Acorn is just so cute." She laughed again.  Sigh, her laugh is so beautiful, and it was me that caused it.  Score one for Ryan.  We got kicked out of the library after that.  I reluctantly put my book back on the shelf, then we just wandered around the schoolyard for a while, chatting about books until the bell went.

I waited another month to ask her out again, and this time she said yes!  Yayayayayayay!  She agreed to go to dinner with me on Friday night.  I was planning to take her out to a fancy restaurant.  We would eat, laugh, bond, and then I'd drive her home and hopefully get a kiss goodnight.  

My plan fell to pieces.

Problems with the parents, tearful confessions and dinner for two.

So sorry I took so long to write this chapter, I have it all finished but I wasn't sure if anyone was really following.  I have decided to post the whole thing in here anyway ;)

On Thursday, I didn't see Kara before class which was strange.  She hurried in fifteen minutes late, apologised profusely to Mr Pack, and slumped into the seat next to me.  And I mean slumped.  She looked sad and exhausted.

"What's going on?" I whispered.

"My mum moved out last night," she sighed. "My parents had a massive fight and she left.  My dad was raging all night, and I didn't get any sleep.  Then he made me walk an hour and ten minutes to school."Anger and pity churned inside of me as she spoke, but I didn't get a chance to reply because we were silenced by our teacher.

On the walk to our next class I put my arms around her and she closed her eyes and leaned into me.  That was one of the only moments I was glad to have bound my damn boobs, like Viola in "She's the Man," because now I