on the blond's earlobe and slightly pulled at it with his teeth.

„Would you like me to suck on that hard rock beauty now?”, he asked out of breath, murmuring right into Steve's ear who threw his head into his neck at that, letting out a breathless moan as he leaned his head against Bucky's shoulder, keeping his eyes closed while he bit down on his lip hard. And yes, Bucky didn't need any more confirmation for his coming actions, even less when he started to grind against the blond, making him moan softly. He loved his voice, he simply loved it when he vocalized his desire. And hell, he did right now. He almost put on a show and the brunette literally got off on that.

Just as he started to rub his cock against the crack of his lover's ass, the latter suddenly turned around to look at him and when Bucky saw the pure lust written on his face, he almost fainted. The expression on Steve's face was so intense that it made him swallow and kiss him. Hard. 

Bucky literally lunged forward at him, cupping his face with both of his hands and clashed their mouths together, kissing him as if this was the only purpose in his life. Steve immediately opened his mouth for him, accepting his demanding tongue which immediately licked over his lips right into the velvety heat of his mouth, the same time as Steve slung his arms around his waist and moved his tongue against the brunette's, literally kissing him breathless. Steve's pure taste almost drove him mad and made him pull at his lower lip with his teeth as he broke the kiss, simply because he had to take a deep breath.

Panting hard, both of them, they stood in front of each other for a moment, only staring into the other's eyes, before Bucky finally made a move again and slowly started to sink down onto his knees while he kissed his way down, covering Steve's body in feathery kisses, only here and there sucking a mark into the wet skin. By now, his heart was thundering madly in his ears and the only thing he could hear was its beat, mingled with the rushing water. And it only intensified when he finally kneeled on the cold tiles, Steve's proudly erect cock right in front of his eyes, making the blood in his veins roar with desire – and without thinking twice about it, he braced his hands against his lover's thighs and swallowed his cock in one go until its head hit the back of his throat and his nose met the lower stomach in front of him. 

He groaned at the feeling of that heavy cock on his tongue, enjoyed how it pushed it down, weighing so deliciously in his mouth that he simply had to swallow around him, making himself as tight as possible for Steve. He closed his eyes as he felt how they started to burn from the stretching of his mouth, the penetration of his throat, but he loved it. Fuck, he truly loved sucking Steve off because the latter always got off on it so good, rewarding Bucky with his hot semen which he always swallowed greedily if not wished ulterior by his lover. Just like always, he couldn't wait to taste him again this time, but he also wanted to get properly marked by him, wanted to feel Steve covering him in his come, showing him that he only belonged to him. And lord, alone the imagination made Bucky's cock throb in anticipation.

As he took his lover particularly deep down his throat, he felt how Steve's legs shook uncontrollable and the whimper he let out was... wow. Bucky opened his eyes even though he wanted to keep them closed as the water was spraying right into his face, recoiling from the blond's body where it hit his skin, but it was worth it to blink against the water when he saw the expression on his face. One second was enough to make him close his eyes again and work on his cock even more intense until he felt how Steve sagged a bit against the tiles, as his legs gave in. 

Bucky immediately released him from his mouth and wrapped his fingers around the base of his manhood, stroking it slow and intense while he licked the underside of the head, his eyes now fixed on Steve's. His lover was constantly looking at him, which he noticed now, not taking his eyes off of him for even a second and the fact that he literally observed him was only adding to Bucky's own arousal. He simply loved it when Steve was watching him, no matter when or where. The feeling of his eyes on him was sending sparks of arousal right down to his own cock and this time was no different. 

The brunette gripped his own manhood with his free hand and stroked himself lazily, still lapping at the tip of Steve's cock which was rock hard by now and when he pressed the flat of his tonue against the slit, he could clearly taste the precome even through the water washed away most of it.Bucky just opened his mouth