he let you wait. A second passed, then another, and another, but nothing happened. You wanted to say something, ask what was wrong but he’d told you not to unless you wanted him to stop.

Finally, it came. A hand against your shoulder pushed you backwards, letting the world whirl around till you were horizontal. His fingers brushed up the skin of your sides again, his presence looming over you. The sensation was intense, each little touch sending sparks deep inside you. How was something so simple having such an effect? Your knees had clamped shut as you instinctively tried to disguise your excitement; even though you knew that by doing so, you’d told him anyway.


So won’t you take it, I feel like for the first time I am not fakingFingers on my buttons and now you’re playingMaster of anticipationDon’t you keep it all to yourself


Spencer’s hands moved away from you again, in fact, you felt him step away completely. Your heart sank because all you wanted was his touch but he was denying it, cruelly and effectively. As he came back, his footsteps moving softly across the carpet of your bedroom, he didn’t move straight back to you. Being unable to see what he was up to was a little unnerving, especially knowing that your breasts were so exposed with your arms up and your back arched.

Suddenly, there was a noise that you recognised and you were aware of a flash even though you were blindfolded. It took a second to register what it was but the fear and anger that spread through you was instant once you had.

“Did you just take a photo?” you asked, your voice slightly raised.

“I thought we'd agreed no talking unless you want me to stop?” he replied. “And yes, I did, but only to show you afterwards how amazing you look right now.”

“But what if…?” you began but he interjected.

“No one will see it, I promise.”

Something in his voice reassured you, and besides, you were curious as to how you looked right now, so long as he didn’t take another shortly. All you wanted now was him to take advantage of you, the situation you’d allowed yourself to be in for him. Even though it was turning into more of an experience for you.


Photograph with no T-shirt onWhy you making me wait so long?I promise to keep this a secret, I’ll never tellBut don’t you keep it all to yourself


It hadn’t taken much longer before his fingers were curling around the edge of your pants, pulling them downward as you lifted your bum to allow them to move beyond your hips. You still couldn’t help but keep your knees together once your pants were gone but the moment his hands took hold high at your sides and his lips pressed against the centre of your chest, your legs relaxed and your entire body tingled with the prospect of what he was about to do.

Expertly, his fingers traced your ribs, massaging downward as his lips moved to your breast. He kissed softly at the tip of your nipple, his thumbs sliding into the crook of both your hips, sliding very close to you. Wrapping around your nipple, his lips sucked gently, he caused a gasp to leave your lips as you felt both nipples harden.

Spencer’s hands continued downward, as did he, kissing down your stomach till his hands reached your knees and his lips reached your pelvis. With force, his fingers pried between your knees, removing any privacy you may have held onto. Even though you couldn’t see, the cool air told you everything you needed to know. But, what now?

His presence was still between your thighs and you could feel his breath against the most sensitive parts of you, and yet, nothing happened. How was it possible? Your breathing was laboured and your body physically yearned for him to continue. The temptation was to press his mouth against you; and for a second you forgot yourself, struggling against the binding of his tie.


So won’t you take it, I feel like for the first time I am not fakingFingers on my buttons and now you’re playingMaster of anticipationDon’t you keep it all to yourself


Spencer had seen what you’d tried to do, chuckling lightly at your efforts, knowing that the torment was working exactly as it should. It was time to put you out of your misery. His mouth pressed against your hot, wet pleasure, a long, thick tongue slipping its way upward to your clit. The frustration had been such that when the pleasure finally did arrive, it arrived thick and fast; causing you to moan loudly the moment he touched you.

Two hands gripped tightly against your hips as his tongue pressed harder, flattening against your clit till his lips pursed and his mouth sucked gently on you. Each slight movement sent waves of pleasure crashing through you. Your back arched heavily as your muscles tensed and your body began to tremble; but then, he stopped again and the