, and why does anyone bother with him? Why does Undyne bother, when it's so obvious he's not worth her time.

Why does Sans bother, he thinks, and he inhales sharply, because-

Because, well, he doesn't, does he?

Papyrus doesn't want to think about this. He doesn't want to think about the- the weight in his gut, the thing he's kept pressed down for so long. He can't do that, not now, not ever, and he can't calm his breath, now.

He needs a distraction- something else to think about, because he can't stop thinking about it, now. Can't stop thinking about the hours he spends alone every day, about the lies, about the fact that Sans probably hates him-

No. No, no, no no- he flounders back, magic bristling in his chest, flaring out; he doesn't want to be here, in the open, in the kitchen, watching the pot fill with water and think about Sans, about his brother.

So he stops being here.

It's all just a matter of floating up a few more feet, of catching the railing with his hands and vaulting over it, of taking the few, long, steps he needs to be in his room. His breath is fast and loud, and he nearly trips over his carpet as he beelines directly for the shelf.

Pain's what he needs.

Pain is safe and familiar and comforting, and it helps, it always helps, and he needs it, because everything is hurting, but not in the right way. It's a different pain, a bad one, the kind that makes him remember how much of a mercy death would be.

Papyrus pushes his books to the floor, ignores the faint and distant thought of don't do that, and reaches in to the back, stretches out his fingers and finds it.

The knife is smooth and cold to the touch, blade set in a finely carved wooden handle; Papyrus presses his fingers to the carvings, gulps in air like he's been drowning.

Safe.

He stumbles back a step once, twice- drops down to the floor because the bed is too far away, really, and even though his head is empty, he can still feel the thoughts, sticking to his bones and clawing at his spine.

He flicks it open.

The blade is clean silver, cold and reassuring, and gently, Papyrus presses it to his wrist.

Breathes out.

It's a relief. The soft, barely there sting nipping at his thoughts- it makes his chest unwind, makes his empty go quiet instead of just empty - it's like being able to breathe, to think, and Papyrus almost sobs.

It doesn't hurt, not yet. His wrist is scarred from cuts, and his tolerance is too high to really notice something as simple as a little press- but it's the feel of the blade against his bone, the weight of it in his hand, the sight of it.

His ribcage rattles with something; some unknown emotion he can't quite unravel right now, right here, and he lets it happen, because it's not bad.

He pushes down.

Grinds the knife into the bone, tips it back and forth just a bit; the pain is slow to come, creeping in, and his breath is tight in his throat, and he can barely feel the thoughts, now.

It's okay now.

And then it isn't.

There's no warning. Just a moment, a second, where Papyrus feels it, feels magic that isn't his flickering, burning, and then Sans is there, right in his face, one hand clamped down over his knife.

His eye is burning with magic, with fury, and Papyrus doesn't know what to do.

“what. the. hell.”

Sans' voice is flat. Magic snaps at the edges of his socket, and Papyrus can feel the warmth at the tips of Sans' fingers; can feel it scorch at his bones, and Papyrus is kind of flabbergasted.

“S-Sans?”

Sans widens his mockery of a smile; a flat thing that makes unease crawl at Papyrus' bones, because that's anger , but Sans has no reason to be angry-

Hasn't been in a long while, either.

“answer the fucking question pap.”

It wasn't a question, Papyrus almost wants to say. More of a demand, really, but the words don't really reach him; they're just a distant echo, belonging to the part of him that's breaking down in laughter, because really?

“I- nothing?”

Sans' expression twists. He laughs, short and snappish, and it's more of a bark, really, of disbelief and anger-sadness.

“are you for real trying to tell me this,” he jerks his head down, briefly looks