the base of the mountain he could see where the remaining monsters had set up their camp. Zareal shook his head trapped between an army and a mountain the monsters would have little chance. This place would see the end of monsterkind.

Something caught Zareal’s eye, it was movement across the field a monster had left their camp and was going into the field. Even though it was far away Zareal could see it was a bigger monster, perhaps three or four feet taller than Zareal. Once it was a good way into the field the monster stooped low and started picking flowers. 

Zareal watched the monster with interest. Zareal hadn’t noticed earlier but now that it was closer Zareal could see it looked like a goat with white fur and yellow hair. Large curved horns protruded from its heads and resting in between the horns on the top of its head was a crown. Zareal inhaled sharply this must be the king of the monsters he thought.

Zareal slowly and silently turned and made his way back down the hill towards his camp. If the king was here Zareal suspicions were confirmed this was what’s left of the monsters. By the time Zareal had made it back to the camp it was bustling with life most of the soldiers were preparing some form of breakfast. Zareal noticed Zavir and the second lieutenant across the camp talking around a fire in front of the officer’s tents. Zareal made his way towards them.

Once Zareal was close enough he said “Ah, good I was just about to summon you two”

“Yes captain, is there something you need?” the second lieutenant responded first.

“I need the soldiers to start training immediately. I have seen the king of the monsters outside their camp. That can only mean that this is the last of monsterkind.” Zareal said seriously 

Zavir looked troubled at the news and quietly mumbled “last of the monsters…”

“With their king with them, it will be a tough battle. We will need to be prepared” Zareal mused out loud.

 “Ahh, I know,” Zareal said with a wicked grin “we will have sparring training to prepare ourselves.”.

“No captain please not again.” The second lieutenant said with a groan.

Zavir looked confused as he asked, “What’s so bad about sparring?”.

The second lieutenant just silently shook her head

“Nothing’s wrong with sparring dear lieutenant our second lieutenant just has thrills for the dramatic,” Zareal said while stifling a laugh. 

“Go make the announcements we will be having sparring practices for the next few days they will start after lunch today you are both dismissed,” Zareal said as he turned and walked towards his tent. 

Zareal laid down on his bedroll trying unsuccessfully to get comfortable. Zareal thought of the old prophecies again. Zareal was sure if he wanted to he could recite them word for word. Eventually, Zareal’s thoughts drifted to what the king had told him.

-- Zareal looked around the great stone chamber he had never been within the castle walls before. But now here he stood in the throne room in front of the king as high captain of the army. Zareal turned and faced the king as he began to speak.

“Now captain you must lead the army and make sure to defeat all of the monsters. Your real challenge will be not to have anyone under your command fall in battle. You know it is said the monsters can gain unimaginable power if they absorb one of our souls.” The king eyed Zareal critically as he said this.

“Your majesty surely there must be another way?” Zareal said looking away from the king.  

“No!” the king exclaimed then continued quieter “my son…” he trailed off as he looked away.

 “He can never be safe as long as monsters exist. I will do anything in my power to make sure he is safe.” The king said with calm acceptance.

The king sighed before saying “It is no secret that I have always feared monsters. I fear what they could do to us if even one of them decides not to be peaceful. But now I can no longer tolerate them if they prove a threat to my family. That is why you captain must destroy them for the bloodline.” The king turned back to Zareal as he finished.

Zareal looked back at the king “I serve the bloodline.” Zareal said evenly.

“Good captain, I thank you.” The king said with finality.

As Zareal turned to leave the king said, “Come to think of it I’m sure you and my son would be good friends if you two had met you are close to the same age.” --

Zareal shook his head and got up from his bedroll. Thinking of the past wouldn’t help him now. Zareal could hear the clang of metal on metal close to his tent.

“Ah they started sparring without me again how quaint,” Zareal smiled as he headed out of his tent.

Zareal looked towards the center of camp where the sparring was taking place. Most of the soldiers were paired up each soldier trying to best their partner. The second lieutenant was near the center of the sparring with two soldiers facing her. She