and slid his hands through her hair.

Ginny moaned as she felt electricity coursing through her body, giving Harry the chance to slip his tongue in. By now, her mouth was as familiar to his tongue as was his own. It didn’t deter him from reacquainting himself from his mouth as he once again explored every nook and cranny of it.

After a while Harry got tired of it and moved downwards. Ginny moaned at the loss which soon turned into moans of pleasure as he gave her short kisses on her jawline and neck before coming up on ample bosom.

“They seem larger to me every time I look at them,” Harry breathed as he drank in the sight of his favourite globes.

“They are still a D cup Harry,” her smile could be heard in her voice, “And they are begging to be sucked.”

Harry feverishly attacked the twin peaks, sucking one of them and rolling the other one in his hand. He alternated between the two, never neglecting one of them for a long time.

“Oh Merlin,” Ginny gasped her hands grasping at the bed sheet, “Oh yes Harry, keep sucking.”

Listening to Ginny increased his enthusiasm even more and he started sucking with a new fervour. If Ginny was still lactating then no doubt milk would have come out of them.

Ginny’s moans only increased in crescendo, “Oh fuck, fuck Harry, suck my cunt now please. I need it, oh fuck.”

Never one to keep his woman waiting, Harry moved south, kissing his way downward, stopping on her navel to tongue it for a bit, which elicited a moan from Ginny, he came upon the familiar sight of her pussy. Below it was a large puddle, which indicated her heightened state of arousal.

He himself was feeling rather horny after seeing his newly returned daughter in that dress, so instead of his usual teasing, he went straight for the kill.

Clutching her clit between his teeth, he plunged two finger straight in her cunt bending them and rubbing over the bundle of nerves known as G-spot.

Ginny gave a loud cry as she came, a large squirt of juice hitting Harry on the face. Not wanting her to come down from her high, Harry kept rubbing her G-spot, not backing down even after having receive a face full of juice,

Ginny howled and screamed like a banshee as she kept orgasming. After a while she lost count, her mind reduced to a mere muddle of joy.

Harry kept up after Giving Ginny orgasm of her life, his face completely drenched in girl cum.

Ginny pounced on him as soon as he came up, licking his face completely clean before giving him a kiss full of passion.

“Oh Merlin Harry,” Ginny breathed, her hands around Harry’s neck and her breasts pressed against his chest, “that was intense.”

“Thank you,” Harry smiled crookedly, “time to return the favour,” Harry nodded towards his cock.

“Of course Harry,” Ginny smiled before giving him another mind blowing kiss.

“It was really hard when I saw you,” Ginny began conversationally as she grasped his shaft, her hand barely going around its girth.

“I lead an interesting life,” Harry answered as he settled back into the pillows.

Ginny slowly stroked it up and down, “So it was because of your busty secretary?” Ginny asked.

Harry gave a low moan and his cock gave a small twitch.

Ginny shook her head as she gave his penis a slow lick upwards, “no that’s not it,” she began pumping it slowly, “Oh, I know. It was our slut of a daughter wasn’t it?”

Harry couldn’t control his loud moan as he heard his daughter being called a slut and his cock gave a powerful twitch.

“So it was our daughter,” Ginny breather over his cock head, “she has grown really hot hasn’t she?” she kissed the head at the end of the sentence all the while stroking his shaft.Harry could only moan in agreement thanks to Ginny’s ministration.

“Those breast of hers,” Ginny continued her mouth barely on top of his cock, “they make your mouth water don’t they? You want to suck them don’t you Harry? You want to suck your daughter’s breast,” she took him completely in her hot mouth. He was rather larger than average. Around ten inches, but Ginny had a lot of practice.

“Oh merlin,” Harry gasped combination of Ginny’s hot mouth and her dirty talk really taking the wind out of her, “Yes I want to suck those tits of hers.”

“And you want to smack that ass of hers?” Ginny said as she momentarily released his cock.

“Oh yes,” Harry answered.

“And you want to fuck her till she begs for mercy, you want to fuck your own daughter?” she was furiously pumping his shaft now.

“Oh yes I want to fuck that tight pussy’s of her raw,” Harry screamed.

Suddenly Ginny let go of his cock and climbed up, Harry fully expecting her to sheath