up. She's standing by the counter eating a buttered bagel.

"Hey" Liam says as she hugs her from behind kissing on her neck. "How was your day?" Liam asks as she gets her hands under Zayn's touching soft skin.
"Short" Zayn says smirk heard in her voice.
"How was yours?" She asks Liam as she turns her head nosing at her cheek.
"Long. So fucking long" she says kissing her shoulder "I'm horny baby girl so fucking horny but I think you already know that ha?" she whispers in her ear.
Zayn's breath hitches and she looks back at Liam with a smirk "I've been dying to get you in this mood"
And with that Liam turns her around and pins her to the counter "I am" and she locks their lips together passionately licking and biting Zayn's lower lip. She picks her up and walks them to their bedroom still kissing and Zayn is doing that thing with her tongue and she really wants that tongue down there but not before she satisfies her baby girl first. 

She lowers her in front of the bed pulling back just brushing their lips together.
"Undress me" she whispers against her lips.
And Zayn starts eagerly but Liam holds her hands in hers "slowly and no touching" she smirks. Zayn gulps and starts lifting Liam's shirt revealing her breasts. She always liked to tease Liam's nipples they're so sensitive. Liam points at her panties with a knowing look of what Zayn is thinking about making Zayn blush. She pulls her panties down. And stands back up. Eyes roaming over Liam's naked body.
"Turn around baby girl tour turn"
Zayn turns and Liam stands behind her back to chest. Hands starting to unbutton her shorts but not pulling them down still. Lips placing gentle kisses on her neck. She tickles her fingers at the seam of her panties them bunching her shirt up teasing the underside of her breasts with feather like touches.
She finally pulls down her shorts and panties all together Zayn helping her by lifting her legs to lose them.
She starts unbuttoning her shirt "we'll keep that on" she whispers at her ear. "On your knees hands on the bed post" With a final kiss to her neck Zayn goes and do what she's told.
Liam watches her as she crawls to the head of the bed and she moans out "Can't wait to taste you"
Zayn looks behind her eyebrows furrowed biting her lips, hands on the bed post on her knees pushing back like she's moving on Liam's fingers like she can already feel them "please, need you daddy".
Liam gets on the bed getting flush against her "You want daddy's tongue deep in your sweet pussy?" She whispers at her ear as she rubs the back of her thighs. Zayn whines and Liam spanks her "use your words".
"Y-yes daddy".
She gets a hand around Zayn's hugging her palming at hear breasts tweaking her nipple as she traces her pointer finger on her slit. Zayn gasps and tries to push back but gets another spank "don't move".
Liam cups her sex rubbing at her pussy slowly. Zayn rubs her cheek against Liam's and her skin feels hot against her "daddy please".
Liam parts her folds with two fingers teasing her till she pushes them deep inside her. And Zayn Moans filthily. Liam starts fingering her hard and quick. Zayn's fingers are white from how hard she's trying to hold her self up crying out "Daddy please I need to come" and Liam moves her hand from her chest to rub at her clit "come for me baby, I want to taste you so bad can't get enough of you" and Zayn cries out as she comes so hard shaking with the force of it. And Liam eases the way her fingers move till she pulls them out.
She's still gripping at the bed post, panting and her body already slick with sweat and Liam didn't even finish with her.
She puts her hands on Zayn's pulling them off. Zayn leans her head back on Liam's shoulder "Are you ok?" Liam asks
Zayn answers with a smile eyes closed "yes daddy".
"You were so good for me baby, want to taste you now" Zayn opens her eyes lazily and nods.
"Want you to ride my mouth"
Zayn lowers herself on Liam's mouth. She kisses her clit and licks at her folds before she pushes her tongue inside her licking at her walls making her tremble and moan "ride me" and Zayn starts as Liam points her tongue. And Liam's chin is dripping with her come "god Daddy I'm so close" Liam pulls her tongue out and starts sucking and licking at her clit Zayn couldn't handle the suction on her clit and she comes and tries to pull away so sensitive but Liam holds her by her thighs and keeps licking and sucking at her clit Zayn cries out "stop please, Daddy I can