."

"Come off it doctor," laughed Pike, trying not think how close that lush mouth was to his groin. "You lot can't be that desperate that you all need to jump on the first ancient admiral who comes your way."

"Ancient is not the word that comes to mind sir," replied McCoy, his fingertips rubbing gently across Pike's thigh. "Sex on legs is the way Jim describes you and just sometimes that man is spot on."

Pike moved away and pulled up his pants. If it was too complicated to have sex with Kirk, it  would make things even messier to then accept an offer from his best friend. "Thank you but no. But you two are doing wonders for my self-image."

"Pity," said McCoy, standing up with an easy grace that Pike had to envy. "It would've been fun."

* * *

Pike offered focused attention to Spock's meticulous tour of the science facilities but in the back of his mind he was still wondering about Kirk and McCoy. It had to have been some kind of bet between them. He wondered if they were doing each other. And wouldn't that make a pretty picture... He had to force his attention back to Spock's report.

At the end of the tour Uhura joined them in a quiet corner at the back of the research lab. "Well sir," she said, "word is that you've turned down both Jim and Leonard." 

Pike boggled at her. "Do you all have nothing better to do with your time than swop rumors?"

She grinned at him. "Only thing that travels faster than the speed of light sir. Gossip on a starship. Turning them both down shows quite some restraint." She looked him over speculatively. "When we stop anywhere for shore leave, those two cut a swathe through the impressionable locals. Not much left for anyone else by the time they're done."

Pike cast a puzzled glance at Spock who seemed as composed as ever. Spock and Uhura's relationship was public knowledge and registered with Starfleet. Yet he could swear the communications officer was flirting with him in front of her boyfriend. 

"The thing is, sir, Spock told me about the conversations you had with him when he served under you on the USS Yorktown." Her voice dropped suggestively. 

Pike looked at Spock in astonishment. The Vulcan's face was as impassive as ever but the tips of his ears did seem to be flushed a pale shade of green. Pike remembered those conversations as being deeply embarrassing, with the young Vulcan wanting a detailed and exhaustive briefing on the intricacies of human sexuality. He'd not seen the topic as any different from any other aspect of human culture and Pike had battled to damp down his own discomfort and answer with care and detail. 

"We've discussed them at quite some length," continued Uhura. Pike's mind immediately supplied an helpful image of the two of them, naked and speculating about Pike while they did unspeakable things to each other. They must look beautiful together. "If you wanted to discuss them with both of us in private, you'd be very welcome...."

Pike's mind short-circuited. He'd done plenty of adventurous things in his time but this left him speechless. "Chain of command..." he managed to splutter, "very kind of you... not appropriate..." He made an escape back into the corridor, heading for the recreation room and somewhere as public as possible. There had to be something in the air on this ship. Or maybe he should have the water supply checked out. 

* * *

Rumors spread fast, no doubt about it. He spent the evening in the rec room, taking the time to get to know more of the crew. Within an hour or so of his having turned down the Enterprise's power couple, he was getting more offers to get to know him than he'd had in months.

"This ship is awash in testosterone, sir," offered Nurse Chapel, off-duty in a remarkably low-cut top. "If you fancy something a little more feminine..."

"Or a little less feminine," suggested Dr M'Benga over her shoulder, giving Pike a wink. 

"Sir, we've never had the chance to thank you properly for what you did for us all in going to the Narada. We'd be delighted to thank you personally...." That came from Lieutenant Sulu with a blushing Ensign Chekov at his side. 

At that point Pike fled to his cabin and used his admiral's override to double-lock the door. 

* * *

Touring the engineering department the next day with Scotty was rather more relaxing, at least once they got right into the bowels of the ship. In the more public areas Pike still felt as if every single crew member was giving him the once over. Every smile seemed suggestive, every comment a double-entendre. Scotty however had eyes only for his lady and her inner workings. 

Pike relaxed in the face of the chief engineer's infatuation with the Enterprise engines