. She’s crying out from the multiple sensations, and with every thrust, each of the four men change from under and behind her. Niall remembers how each of them felt from before; the girth of Liam inside of her, Louis’ rough and bed shaking thrusts, Harry’s firm hands around her neck, and Zayn’s skillful tongue against hers all at once.  It’s when she’s riding Liam that her entire body starts trembling. She can’t tell who’s kissing her or whispering in her ear, the crescendo of their moans and sighs reaching the highest they can go when Niall reaches her peak, gasping loudly when she wakes from her dream.  “Are you all right, Miss Horan?” asks the therapist. “Would you like me to continue?”  Niall sits up to catch her breath. There’s no Harry, no Zayn, no Liam nor Louis around like she’d dreamt. Just her, the therapist, and the light mist of jasmine that fills the air again.  “I’m fine,” Niall finally answers. “I, um, I didn’t mean to—”  “It’s perfectly normal to experience a release during a massage,” she comments in a sage-like manner, noticing Niall’s embarrassment. “Your body is relaxed and it stimulates your nervous system. In fact, an orgasm is just as beneficial to your well being than any endorphins released while eating chocolate.”  Niall is relieved at the therapist’s assurance, and finishes the last of her session completely serene. By the time she leaves the spa, the vloggers are back from their excursion, and Niall bumps into the last person she’d hoped to see shirtless in tiny yellow shorts.  “Oh hello, Miss Niall, I wasn’t expecting to see you here! Care to join me in the spa?” Harry asks with a grin. Niall chuckles nervously. “Are you all right? Your cheeks are really red,” he comments, concerned.  “I’m fine,” she answers, slowly creeping away from him. “I have to go, there’s loads to do before tonight’s dinner. Hair, makeup, even more gift bags for the girls—you know how it goes.”  “Uh, I actually don’t, but sure,” Harry laughs. “So did you get a massage? A couple of the girls told me to try out a deep tissue one or something like that. What do you recommend?”  Niall’s throat tightens and Harry gives her a concerned look again. “Great!” she blurts out too loudly, startling Harry. “Deep tissue is—” Niall gives the a-okay sign with a forced smile. “I really have to go now.”  “Don’t let me stop you.” Harry waves as Niall’s rushing down the hall, then before she turns the corner, shouts out, “Save me a seat at your table!”  —  Niall saves Harry a seat, though they’re on opposite ends of the table where she won’t be tempted to try and flirt with him. After all, she’s still technically on the clock, and she’d rather not make a fool of herself and regret it later on. At the end of the meal, the group is taken to a fire pit on the beach to roast marshmallows. Harry tries to make the perfect s’more for Niall, but ends up burning his marshmallows to a crisp, leaving her to do all the work when he tries again.  “I’ve never had anyone make this for me,” Niall says with a stuffed mouth, licking a smear of melted chocolate from her thumb. “This is the best s’more you’ve never made.”  “Oh, that hurts, Miss Niall!” Harry says in disbelief. “I mean, at least I tried, didn’t I?”  “You did,” she giggles, “but I don’t trust you near this fire.”  They sit beside each other on the sand, far from where the rest of the group can see them. Niall takes another bite of the s’more and hands the rest to Harry knowing she can’t finish it. While they munch away, a breeze passes over them and Niall shivers. Suddenly, Harry’s suit jacket is over her shoulders, and she leans into him for more warmth.  “We’re allowed to cuddle, right? Bressie won’t get mad if we do this?”  Harry laughs and puts his arm around Niall. “Do you have his code of conduct memorized? You probably know it better than I do.”  “Well… I’m in sales, I have to read the fine print, y’know. I don’t want you getting in trouble.”  “Nah,” Harry holds her closer, “I’m off the clock. Bressie doesn’t control what I do on my own time. And as far as I’m concerned, I’m just a handsome guy on a vacation who happened to meet a beautiful woman