bags whatever!" He screams vigorously. His voice didn't shake it was firm and course. Josid is petrified he couldn't move no matter how hard he tried frozen, josid felt like someone's quirk was Medusa and he had a amazing look at her. "Hey you! Get on the damn floor! I ain't saying it again!" Josid finally manages to walk over towards his mother and get on his knees. The robbers are hastily running around and covering door entrances. The guards are heavily armed. Josid is still frozen fear coursing through his body. "What could I do? How can I take them down? I can't let anyone hear die! No not anyone else they already hurt so man--" Josid's thinking is cut short when a gunshot goes of shattering a window. "Damn it! The police are hear!" A gunman screams. The gunman looks over a the bank teller. "You pressed the button didn't you?" Silence passes by. "Answer me bit--" the guard is cut off by the teller. "Yes I did I pre---" a bullet put in between her eyes. Josid's eyes grow big he can't believe what he just witnessed. "Josid! Look at me!" His mother whispered. "I need you to run away shrink and leave I can't have you dying here! I need you to find pro hero help! I need you to become a hero ok?" She hastily told josid. Josid looked at his mother. Her face was pained she looked awful, josid saw his mother broken, completely shocked and terrified. Josid knew exactly what he had to do. "I promise I'll be a hero mom! I promise I'll save the day I'll be back super soon!" Josid whispered back to his mom. His mom gave him a warm smile. Josid uses his quirk and shrinks down to a tiny size. He makes a mad dash towards the door, he creeps under the amazingly tall door. He gets to normal size and rushes down the stairs, as he makes his way toward the outside exit he hears a noise. "What is that" he thinks to himself. A small beep is heard continually until he left the outside back exit. "Hands on top of your head!" Police men scream. "I'm not a bad guy I swear!" Josid screams back his face grimaced at the thought of having all that gunpower sent towards his body. The police lower there weapons and escort him away from the bank. "Police! We need pro hero soon! My mom is in there, I think there's thirty robbers and twenty some hostages! I'm sorry I don't know the exact I rushed out!" Josid says panicked "Please I need to save my mom!" Josid has tears streaming down his face. "It's ok son. We're on the case it's just... We can't send pro heroes inside not knowing what the hell is going on they may shoot the hostages." The police man tells josid calmly. "No! You have to go now before they kill anymore people! I saw them mow down guards and women and children! They don't care we have to handle them right no-" as Josid screams his words are silenced by a explosion. Josid is sent flying through the air. His vision began to go blurry, his body feels lifeless as he's ragdolled through the air. Before he lands he's caught by a large hand. "Oh my God! Are you ok? Please tell me your ok! Damn it!" A giant girl says to herself. She looks around panicking. Her eyes drift towards a hospital. "Heroes! Forgot the police we gotta move in right now!" Pro heroes began moving along with the police gunfire is heard as the giant girl makes a rush towards the hospital. As she reaches the hospital she reverts to her regular size. The automatic doors open up as she rushes through the emergency help line. "Hello! My name is Yu Takeyama, I need help immediately! This young boy was caught in that bank explosion a couple blocks down he's injured badly!" Yu is crying she feels broken, how did she not save him in time? Josid is moved into a emergency facility and has his wounds being treated.

Ten hours later.

"Uh--ugh--uhh--" josid grunts mumbling to himself. He looks to his right, blurry but then focused. He sees the girl who saved him Yu. She signs a sigh of relief. "I'm so glad your awake you have no idea. I was so afraid you were going to die that bomb was devistaing." Yu's face looked relaxed and calm. It quickly turned into sadness. "Thank you." Josid said tears in his eyes. "I was so scared and afraid.. Hey um, is my-- is my-- mother-- is she..." Sometime passed josid was choking to get words out as he knew the answer. "Is my mother