The sound traveled through the empty courtyards below.

"To not being a goat fucker," said Bull. He tapped the wine bottle with his knuckles, miming a toast.

"Ah, yes, the least we can do," said Dorian, but he still raised the bottle and pushed it into Bull's knuckles. What little wine remained sloshed against the glass. "To tongues, I think. That sounds better."

"To tongues," Bull repeated. He fit two fingers under the bottle, tipping it back into Dorian's mouth until there was nothing left. "Cheers."

Dorian licked his lips. The wine had left his mouth dry. "Cheers."

Bull took the bottle out of his hands and leaned over to place it on the ground. He offered to fetch another, but Dorian declined.

"Okay," Bull said. He rested his arms on the battlements and leaned into them. "Got any other stories?"

"I'm afraid not," Dorian answered. He peered at Bull's face, trying to make out his expression in the shadows. "Do you?"

"No," said Bull glumly. "Cullen asked me to lead the recruit training today, since his usual guy is sick."

"I would have thought that made it easy," Dorian said. He couldn't imagine a scenario where Bull spent a day with a unit of soldiers and not a single one showed interest. "All those sweaty men, eager to please you."

"I was focusing more on their sword stances," Bull said. Dorian was certain he was waggling his eyebrows. "What about you? Keeping busy?"

"I try," Dorian said. He explained the situation as quickly as he could.

Shortly after an anonymous source passed Mae information about the remaining Venatori factions in the south, a magister was reported missing. His family wasn't particularly well known and his voting record was unremarkable, but he was a friendly and agreeable man, by Mae's account. It was likely that the events were connected. There was nothing they could do but wait while Mae curried favor with the few magisters on her side and Cullen ordered the Inquisition's forces into battle with the remaining Venatori.

"If he isn't found soon, Mae's support will waver," said Dorian. "And that little resistance begins to buckle."

"And break," said Bull. "You worried?"

Dorian shrugged. He was, out of concern for his friend, but this was something Mae could handle in her sleep. Besides, it wasn't like he could do anything from so far away. "It's only politics. It's just a little bloodier in Tevinter."

"You miss it."

A statement, not a question. Bull did know him well. Dorian nodded.

"I know," Bull said, like he was apologizing.

Even now, Dorian had bouts of homesickness. He disliked plenty about his home, but he missed just as many. There was the food, of course. Fereldans didn't know how season a meal, and Orlesians used entirely too much butter. He was no longer welcome in his family's estate, but Alexius had brought him into his own like he belonged there. His memories of Felix were there. All that potential was there, buried under generations of tradition, and there weren't enough people willing to push back against it.

"I need to go back," said Dorian quietly. It was something he'd been considering for a long time. He had broached the subject briefly with Adaar, but he wasn't sure she believed him. "Soon."

Bull nodded. "When?"

"After this," Dorian answered, gesturing at the castle. "Once Corypheus is dead. I can't fix anything if he kills everyone first."

Bull chuckled. He pushed himself off the battlements, turning to face Dorian.

"Dorian," said Bull, giving the name more weight than it deserved. He clasped Dorian's shoulder, squeezing firmly. "You'll do great things."

It was odd that a small gesture could leave him feeling so proud and yet so small. Dorian bowed his head, feeling Bull's fingers sink into his skin. He wanted that touch to linger. He wanted to cover Bull's hand with his. He wanted an embrace. A kiss.

Bull lowered his hand.

"Thank you," said Dorian. His shoulder felt empty. "I hope I do."



* * *

Dorian dreamed of Bull's hands on his skin and his voice in his ear and his fingers inside him—stretching, preparing—and awoke with knuckles between his teeth, swallowing his moan.

An attraction was there. He knew it. He often ignored it, because he enjoyed their friendship as it was. Flirting and dancing around a possibility could be fun, and the Bull made it easy. There were no real expectations—only what Dorian allowed. If he told Bull to stop, he would, without complaint. If he asked Bull to fuck him until he could barely remember his own name, he