"I never thought" he wipes a tear "you'd like me back"
"I thought I'd do something stupid that would end our friendship and you hating me" he smiles shaking his head.
Liam pulls him by his neck holding him with both hands "we were stupid" Zayn chuckles nodding as tears fall down his face. Liam wipes them with his thumb and leans in brushing their noses together and kissed him gently. 

 

**

 

7 years later 

 

Zayn is brought back from his memories by his mobile buzzing. It was a text from his angry fiancé Liam that he'll be late tonight and to not wait for him. Zayn sighs and heads upstairs to his bedroom to do what he planned on doing for days now.

The thing is Zayn knows how jealous Liam can be but he didn't think it'll end up being this huge between them. One of his ex's in high school was on business with him and Zayn told Liam and was honest with him and Liam was okay with that it was only business but when the guy gave Zayn a gift a watch to be exact Liam was fuming when he saw it cause he knows Zayn never bought one he only wore the ones Liam bought for him "it's a gift Li I'll lose it as soon I seal the deal with him".
Liam looks at him like 'are you kidding me'.
"No, no babe I didn't mean it like that"
"sure you didn't" he walks out of the room Zayn behind him "you've been spending late nights at the office, going to dinners, wearing another man's gifts and I'm supposed to be fine with that!"

Liam kept avoiding Zayn for a week now spending extra hours in the office mostly doing nothing as Jade told him. Coming home only to sleep. And Zayn spent that said week trying to win his husband back with everything you can imagine. Even though Liam was happy with all this he still didn't show Zayn any reaction cause he wouldn’t be at ease till that guy is out of the picture.

What Zayn planned for tonight will surely surprise Liam and end this silent treatment. Him and Liam have been exploring their kinks and Zayn found himself to try some but shied away from others. One of them what Liam more than once kept dropping hints about but Zayn wouldn't, couldn't even try. Even thinking about it made him a blushing mess. But now he just decided to go for it.

He pulled out the box from under the bed after showering and shaving. Taking a deep breath he took out the purple panties and slid it on and the black really short skirt body feeling hot with the blush taking over his face. 

He pulls the white shirt tying it up in a knot rolling up the sleeves, and takes the stockings that feels good on his now smooth skin. He opens the other box regretting he took a 6 inch high heel instead of taking something shorter, cause he's new to this, but they looked sexier. He spent hours till he got the hang of it.

He walked to the mirror red lipstick in hand. He took himself in. he actually looked good with a blush he started putting the lipstick carefully on.

He went down placing a chair in the middle of their living room the first thing Liam will be seeing when he gets in with a note to put the blindfold on. He now waited heart hammering at what he's about to do. Afraid how Liam will react is he gonna like it. Is he gonna forgive him. 

He hears his husband parking his car and gets out of the way and waits. He sees him getting in with a frown and a tired sigh, heart clenching wanting to touch his husband. To comfort him.
Liam notices the chair and walks to read the note on it. He then looks around "Zayn I'm tired and not in the mood for.." and Zayn cuts him off from round the corner "Please Leeyum" and Liam notes the desperation in his husbands tone. 

He takes his jacket off, loosening up his tie, he puts the blindfold on sitting down he lifts his arm like 'there you go' making Zayn smile he walks to start the music and he heard the hitched breath of Liam when he heard the click of his heels. Music starts and a small smile teases Liam's lips at the chosen song. Zayn walks around him leaning over and resting his chin on his shoulder whispering the lyrics hands stroking up his arms " look what you done started" he moves in front of him straddling him and Liam is trying to be serious and unaffected hands by his side.

Zayn puts an arm on his shoulder the other grabs Liam's hand bringing it to his mouth kissing his palm. He slides his hand down making him feel the knotted shirt down to his exposed stomach till he feels the mini skirt, breathing getting heavy till it hitches when he makes him feel his shaved legs to his stockings whispering "fuck" Zayn smiles biting his lips when Liam brings his other hand on his waist