the boy he loved back home, but something was off. Different. Like everything that Poe knew as ‘Ben Organa’ was stuck under the shade of a particularly dark storm cloud.

Ben glanced back into the woods again, brow furrowed. Turning to face Poe once more, he grabbed Poe’s hand, pulling him close.

“Listen. I – I am happy to see you. I am,” he whispered in hushed tones. “But we can’t talk like this here. Meet me tonight. There’s a cantina named Howler’s Hole, near the market. Meet me there at 19:00, okay?”

Poe nodded, forcing a smile as he released Ben’s hand. “Okay, Ben. Whatever you’d like. Sorry again.”

Clasping his hands in his robes, Ben nodded back and returned to where Poe found him, staring into the darkness beyond the trees.

Disappointed and moderately unsettled by the actions of a man he thought he knew, Poe dejectedly began the long walk back to the barracks.

---

Night fell early on Tython, and Poe was able to get some well-needed sleep before his meetup with Ben later that evening. He took a long, hot sonic shower that did little to perk up his mood. His hair was shorn short from years at the New Republic Academy and there wasn't much he could do to style it, unfortunately. He knew Ben liked to play with his long curls. Or, at least the Ben he knew did, all those years ago.

Throwing on his mom’s old pilot jacket, he stepped out into the cool evening air and headed to the cantina.

Ben was already there waiting for him in a booth against the far wall. The soft light of the bar cast shadows across his hunched and fidgety form. Poe stood in the doorway for a moment to watch him, looking for any sign of the man he had taken this assignment to see. He finally caught Ben’s attention, who smiled crookedly at him from across the room, beckoning Poe over. Painting his face with his own facsimile of a smile, Poe took a seat in the booth across from Ben.

The two sat in awkward silence for a moment before Ben shoved one of his two drinks over to Poe, who eyed it cautiously.

“You know, my mom always told me I shouldn’t accept unknown drinks from strangers.”

Ben’s eye twitched at the statement. “What do you mean by that? We’re not strangers.”

Poe raised his drink, taking a deep swig of it as a show of peace. “I was kidding, Ben,” he said, clearing his throat.

“I seem different to you.”

“I mean, yeah,” Poe replied, cautiously. “When you left we couldn’t keep our hands off each other. One or both of us definitely cried at the thought of being away from the other. So I make arrangements to come visit you, and just…”

Ben leaned back, like he was guarding something. “Things have changed. I’ve changed.”

“Ben, if –” Poe began, looking away. “If you’re seeing someone else, I mean –”

“No. I’m not seeing anyone else.”

“Then what?” Poe pleaded, feeling pathetic and desperate and confused. “Was it me? Did I do something?”

Ben wrapped his fingers around his cup, slowly pulling it to his lips and taking a long drink.

“You know the Jedi aren’t allowed to be in relationships, Poe. My master thinks my talents could be better for the galaxy if my attention was focused… elsewhere.”

Poe scoffed. “Luke said that? Are those his rules?”

“They’re very old rules, Poe.”

“Well, that’s stupid. You shouldn’t be a Jedi, then.”

Ben chuckled to himself from behind his drink. “You know my mother would kill you if she heard you talking like that.”

“I’m just saying, Ben. Maybe becoming a Jedi isn’t the right place for you if you’re not allowed to feel things for other people.”

Ben laughed again, deeper this time, like Poe had just told the punchline to a joke that only Ben could hear.

“I know you mean well, Poe, but I’ve already decided what I’m going to do. I’m sure that my master knows what’s best for me.”

“So can you not call him ‘Uncle Luke’ anymore, now that you have that weird Jedi-in-training braid and a glowing light sword? Calling him ‘master’ seems very… I don’t know. Weird.”

Ben smiled. “I’m not talking about Luke.”

“Then who –”

“Listen, Poe,” Ben began, reaching out his hands over Poe’s and pulling him towards him. “I know where I belong now. It may be hard for you to understand, but… you can come with me, maybe.”

“Go with you?