’t even plan- he just draws. He just does. Not even in pencil, but in permanent black ink. If he makes a mistake he does a harsh scribble to try and block it out, doesn’t even get a fresh piece of paper.
It’s all very Noya, he thinks.
“I found drinks!” Noya barks happily, the door slamming open with a loud bang. A photo on his draw of him and his younger siblings shakes and Asahi is terrified it might drop.
But it doesn’t, and Noya doesn’t even notice. Instead, he slams the tray down on his desk, tossing some unfinished school work out of the way.
“I ordered the pizza, which should be here soon!” He chirps fondly, “and when I say soon- I mean in like 15 minutes. Aoki’s is pretty dam officiant.”
“I thought you said you where cooking.”
“Yeah, apparently we’re out of noodles and I don’t know how to cook anything else so. Pizza it is.”
“But- you didn’t even ask what I-”
“You like the Hamukon one. You always get it. Mum left me some money on the counter. We’re good.” Asahi stares at Nishinoya’s back as he drags out the folded table from under his desk.
“Do I?” Noya turns, grinning.
“Yeah, ya do.” He throws himself down next to Asahi, who tries not to flinch. Noya is uncomfortably close, his shoulder rubbing against Asahi’s arm, his shallow breath sending trembles through Asahi.
He takes a calming breath. This was fine, nothing was happening. Noya was simply sitting next to him- so be it he was fidgeting, legs swinging chaotically, eyes manic and round and open and fixed on Asahi.
But they where just sitting. And it was fine.
Then he felt the creep of touch on his thigh, and his body spikes with the touch of fingers.
“Noya!” Asahi gurgles out through a strained yelp. Noya doesn’t move his hand, only firms it.
“whaaaat? I’m just resting my hand there.” Asahi gapes.
“It’s fine, Asahi.” Noya grabs for Asahi’s left hand and rests it over his.
“see? Chill. Breathe. We’re good.” Noya stares up at him, intently, patient, yet driven by some sort of fire that flickers behind the calm of his eyes.
Asahi gulps, shuddering.
God he wants to feel that fire against his fingers, he wants to know what it feels like for it to burn against his skin- to scorch his mouth.
But at the same time he’s totally thankful that Noya keeps it locked away, letting it radiate soft warmth through his gentle grip instead.
“We’re good.” he says again, for the third time now Asahi’s pretty sure. He lets out a breath he doesn’t even know he was holding, and melts into Noya’s touch. Noya grins wider as he feels the stone tenseness shift from Asahi, cuddling up closer. He then takes his right hand and shifts a stray strand out of Asahi’s face, and God it’s cheesy and boy does Noya have an obsession with Asahi’s hair- his fingers twirling strand in between before carefully placing it behind his ear.
His finger tips tingle against Asahi’s ear.
He leans forward, letting Noya’s fingers guide their faces closer. He can taste Noya’s breathe, his citrous and almost tangy sent clinging to Asahi’s mouth.
“Yeah,” Asahi sighs into the hover of Noya’s lips, “we’re good.”
Noya doesn’t need any more invitation, and crashes his lips desperately against his.
Noya’s fingers grip Asahi’s thigh, and Asahi clings to dear life onto Noya’s hand. 

They end up a mess of limbs sprawled across Noya’s bed. Noya’s fingers find their way into Asahi’s hair, pulling it uncultivated and free from the head band so Noya can tangle his grip in it. Asahi sits propped against the bed, leaning on his elbow as Noya kneels in between his legs, knees knocking his thigh as Noya jerks and twitches from his own intensity. The pizza boxes lie askew on the pull out table, the last few pieces abandoned in favour for greasy lips and hungry kisses. He feels Noya’s knee get dangerously close to him, and it takes everything within Asahi not to take this further and move himself into it, not to let the intense feeling deep down in himself take over.
He’s painfully aware of how small Noya is right now, how his whole body shakes with every shuddering touch, like harsh ripples of water when disturbed by a rock. Yet it doesn’t feel wrong, under his large hands the tremble of Noya’s back reminds him of how sprouting daisies bends and sweeps in a light summer breeze.
Asahi finally breaks the kiss, panting, when the dong of Noya’s large