, pretending at offended. "It's like you don't even appreciate my effort." She reached back and unsnapped her bra, sending it off the side of the bed.

Louis bit playfully on the meaty inside of her thigh as he watched her massage her own breasts. "I'm about to shove anal beads up my ass for you. Your effort is duly noted."

The long-haired beauty squirmed in excitement. "You have the best ass, Lou."

"Me?" Louis pushed her legs up, bending them back against her body as he nibbled his way down one ass cheek and up the other. "Look at you," he rumbled low in his throat and bit down on her ass. Jesy yelped as a hand snapped down, fingers tangling in Louis' hair. Louis kissed back and forth between her thighs, getting closer and closer until he placed a firm kiss against her lips.

Jesy moaned quietly, hips pushing up for more. Louis hummed his agreement and cupped the underside of her thighs, thumbs spreading her lips before licking from her asshole up to her clit. She gasped at the sudden moment of pleasure before it was gone and Louis was kissing her thighs again. He pushed his middle finger into her cunt, groaning at the warmth, as his mouth traveled back to her clit, lips closing around the small bump.

His finger moved in and out leisurely, curling up when he pulled out, as he sucked gently on the sensitive nerves. When his finger was soaked, Louis pulled it out and slid down over her asshole. He flicked his tongue out, playing over the bump before pulling away. "Going to open you up a little."

Jesy's hand was tight in Louis' hair, his feathery strands pulled taunt. "Just do it, Lou." Louis pushed his wet finger into her hole, making Jesy moan and clench down on him. "Harder," she gasped. He pulled her cheeks apart and pushed his finger in harder as he went back to her pussy with his mouth. By the time he'd pushed his tongue into her heat, Jesy was comfortable around his finger and biting down on her moans.

Just as she was feeling the build of heat right where Louis was working on her, he pulled off, making her whine at the loss and arch into the air, begging him to come back. Louis just pushed her back to the bed with a hand on her hip as he pulled his finger out. "I have to do myself."

Jesy pushed herself up onto her hands, sticking a foot out and pushing Louis back onto the bed with it. "No way, little boy. It's my turn." The hazel-eyed woman laid herself over Louis' body, letting his cock rub between her legs. "Lube in the drawer?" Louis nodded and she rolled over to the nightstand and pulled open the drawer, tossing lube backwards as she closed it.

Louis snuggled his bum into the bedding, like a puppy making his bed comfortable, and pulled Jesy closer with his foot hooked around her thigh. "Be nice," he reminded and Jesy laughed.

"I'm always nice to you." Louis leveled her with a look that she just snapped her teeth at, saying her bite was just as bad as her bark. "Fine, I'll be nice." She snatched the lube from his hand and slicked up a finger.

"You can..." Louis trailed off, silently watching Jesy wet a finger.

"I can what, Lou?"

Louis opened the lube she'd closed and drizzle some over another one of her fingers. "You can do two."

Jesy's face lit up, filled with mischief. "Whatever you say. But only," she pointed at him, "because I'm so nice." He didn't have to say anything; the flippant middle finger he sent her way said enough. Jesy ignored it, except for the eye roll, and played her fingers over his hole. Louis took a long, shaky breath and, when he exhaled, Jesy pushed the first finger in.

She hummed, pleased. "Shame no one gets to do this to you regularly." When he loosened around her finger, she pushed the other in alongside the first. Louis groaned at the stretch, feeling that tingling burn spread through his body. "You know," she mused as she ducked down and licked up the line of his shaft, "I sort of wish I had a dick right now."

A startled laugh bubbled from Louis. "What?"

"Imagine feeling this," she pushed her fingers in deeper and scissored them, "around my dick." She shook her head lazily. "That ass is so unfair."

Louis kicked her side. "Stop playing with my ass and grab the beads."

Jesy pulled her fingers out and tilted her head in consideration. "So, stop playing with your ass with my fingers, and start playing with your ass with these?" She held up the plastic string of balls.

The lad opened his mouth to rebut, but just shrugged. "Yeah,