his seed into her, whispering her name onto her lips, whispering “Noeline”.

—

Cullen shot up in his chair, gasping. A horrible realization hit him in a wave: he had been dreaming.

His brow was wet, and with a shock of shame he realized that he had spent himself in his sleep.

He groaned and leaned forward in his chair, resting his head in his damp palms.

Tomorrow was going to be a very long day.

"Inquisitor, a word?" 

Noeline didn’t immediately recognize the voice; when she turned to the source, she was surprised to find herself facing Varric’s friend, Hawke. 

"Yes?"

He gestured for her to follow him to a higher point in the battlements, affording them a view of the stunning mountain landscapes laid out before them. Hawke leaned his thick arms onto the wall, gazing out with an unreadable expression.

"I didn’t expect Varric to get himself in trouble again so quickly," he began.

Noeline leaned on one arm to face Hawke. “He does seem to have a knack for finding it.”

Hawke’s gaze fell and his brow knitted; there was a hidden sadness behind his brusque demeanor. A past tragedy that he hid from those around him. He opened and closed his mouth, at a loss for words, before he pushed aside his vanity. “Varric…” His lips twitched. “Varric means a lot to me. He’s like a very short, smooth talking brother.” 

"He’s a good man," she stated.

"You have no idea." Hawke remembered how Varric would tip off every vermin in Lowtown so that Merrill could go home safely, how he would drop off sandwiches at Anders’ clinic every day, how he managed to make Fenris smile, how he would buy drinks for the whole bar for no damn reason… And how he had been there for Hawke, through Carver being forced to join the Wardens, through Fenris walking out on him, through his mother’s loss.

He had been more of a brother to him than Carver ever was.

Hawke continued, “Sometimes, Varric gets so concerned about others that he forgets to worry about himself.” His dark eyes met Noeline’s bright ones. “It doesn’t mean much coming from a man who’s dragged him out to fight dragons and blood mages but… keep an eye on him for me, will you?”

Noeline was touched, but not surprised. In Hawke’s short time in Skyhold, she had seen the protective way that he had watched Varric. Their friendship ran deep. “Of course,” she responded. “I can see that he means a lot to you. I’ll keep him safe.”

Hawke frowned. “Keep him safe from himself as well as others.”

She swallowed. “I will.”

Hawke pushed himself off of the wall. “I’m sure you have many duties to attend to.” He nodded courteously. “Inquisitor.” 

She had been on her way to Cullen’s office, but she decided then that challenging Varric to a game of Wicked Grace first would be best.

"Report for you, Commander." 

Cullen bristled. In a battle such as this one, every report could turn the tide, for better or for worse. “What is it?”

The Officer licked her lips and shifted her weight. She was nervous, and subsequently he became nervous too. “It’s the Inquisitor, ser.”

His eyes narrowed. The Officer continued, “She’s… we’re not certain of exactly what happened, ser, but it appears that she fell into a rift and is now in the Fade.”

Every muscle in his body tensed, the sudden rush of adrenaline painful. “She what?” He snapped. The Inquisitor was in the Fade? Maker preserve them all.

The Officer’s voice shook. “She had found the Warden Commander, ser. The floor crumbled beneath them, and to stop the fall, she opened a rift before them. She took Solas, Blackwall, Varric, Hawke, and that Warden, Stroud, with her.”

Cullen loudly cursed, his hands balling into fists. He had to fight the urge to throttle the Officer, although the situation was far from her fault.

It was the fault of the damn Wardens.

He closed his eyes and took a series of deep, calming breaths. He needed clarity, guidance. With a quick flick of his wrist he dismissed the Officer, requesting for her to send Cassandra.

He prayed silently to himself, hoping to find protection in faith. Maker... Creators… help her, please. 


Bring me back my Noeline.


-- 

Exhausted by the ordeal, the group paused for a break. Their limited rations were gone and they all felt the pangs of hunger and thirst, but they were wise enough to know not to ingest anything in this damn place. Noeline rested her weight on her staff, her eyes flickering between those that she had dragged into this mess with her.

It was better than falling to their deaths, she supposed. Didn’t make their current situation