me? If you just wanted some notes, you c-”



“No!...um... No, that’s not it…” Yukako averted her eyes a little, wringing her hands with nerves. “And it’s more telling of asking, really, but… Koichi-kun... I think I love you.”



Koichi sat wide eyed, mouthing for his straw and missing, dumbfounded.



“I’ve been thinking of you since yesterday, even as I put the note on your desk... If you already have a girlfriend, I’d completely understand…” Yukako hung her head a little, averting her eyes with a blush. 



Behind the pole, Josuke tries to keep Okuyasu quiet, even as the kappa cried about how lucky Koichi was.



“Um... I-Is this a prank?” Koichi asked, nerves twisting his voice to a laugh. “It’s gotta be some kinda j-”



“I’m not joking about this, Koichi-kun!” Her declaration was loud but she soon returned to a timid sort of whimper. “Your face seems so much sharper and you care so much for so many... I have to ask you... Do you love me too?”



Aside, Okuyasu spoke through his tears. “I-I got a sharp face too, right?”



“Oku, shush.” Josuke scolded, clutching the pole with great intrigue. “I can’t hear with you blubbering.”



“You have so much potential as a man... That’s what I love about you, Koichi-kun.” She gave Koichi a shy smile. He was blushing, trying to find the words stuck in his straw. “I’m flattered... Almost embarrassed, but... Well... I don’t really know you that well, so…”



“So you hate me.” Yukako’s smile went flat as she spoke, Koichi panicking in his seat.



“N-no, Yukako. I don’t hate you, I just-”



“So then you love me?”



“Wait, Yukako. This is a bit sudden, don’t you think?”



“Do you hate me or do you love me?!” Yukako screamed, slamming a palm on the clothed table, Koichi jumping almost clear out of his chair. “Do you or don’t you!?”



Koichi pulled back in his seat, nearly sucking the whole cup’s worth of soda into his mouth in shock. He coughed, and Yukako seemed to back down slightly, tears welling in her sharp eyes.



“I-I’m sorry, I-I got carried away. I’ll give you time to think. Please forgive me.” She covered her face and walked off, Koichi left alone and confused.


 


Through the day, she continued to shower him in unwanted affection. A bento, a sweater, a cookie box: it was too much.



“I don't know what to do. I just can't shake her… I mean, it was nice to be noticed by a girl, but not like this!” Koichi sighed, Okuyasu and Josuke listening on, now free from hiding behind poles and now standing around the school pool. “I really don't know what to do, guys. I just wanna let her down gently…”



“I feel ya man. I feel ya deeply…” Okuyasu said, before moving to sit on the pools’ edge, shoes discarded, and letting his toes dip in.



“I don't think gently’s gonna work…” Josuke said with crossed arms. “It's probably just gonna make her want you more.”



Koichi shuttered at the thought. How could she want him 
more
, she was already borderline psychotic!



“She said she liked your potential, yeah? All we gotta do is make it seem like you're the most hopeless lowlife in school,” Josuke grinded and Okuyasu jumped up from his poolside spot.



“You're a genius, Josuke!” He said collecting his shoes. “You just gotta make yourself real gross!”



Josuke and Okuyasu rattled off the grossest habits they could think of for him, Koichi feeling more ill with each word.



“I don't want 
everyone
 to hate me!” He finally snapped at the mention of week old underwear. “I just need her to leave me alone!”



Okuyasu and Josuke looked to each other and gave grins. Koichi immediately regretted asking for their help…


Chapter title from the song of the same name.

Koichi tries not to have his reputation completely tarnished by the "help" of Okuyasu and Josuke...Instead, he gets kidnapped.

I tried to space this one out a bit better.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

“Koichi really steals? No kiddin!” Josuke said in the worst stage whisper ever as Yukako walked past. “Not an ounce of dignity.”Okuyasu joined in, more of a scream than a stage whisper. “Hell yeah, he told me himself! He also doesn't keep his promises. I lent him some money once and he never paid me back!”As Yukako passed, they quieted down.“You