took his tea cup in hand to have a sip and did a double-take.

"When did these get here?" he demanded, gesturing at the Earl Grey tea and the white chocolate biscuits that'd mysteriously appeared at his elbow.

He looked up at the counter. John looked away with a blush.

Prompt was #77: blush


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Meeting Halfway


It happened the day after that, and the day after that, and the week after that, too.

Sherlock would sit down in his seat, and John was there with a warm cup of tea and the white chocolate biscuits.

Sherlock, for the little social tact he had, knew what this was: this was an admission of acceptance (a small one, at least). This was a truce. This was trying to meet someone halfway.

On the ninth day of this occurrence, he was sipping from a lavender teacup, watching John make hot chocolate. When he finished his tea, he approached him.

Prompt was #11: lavender

Our famous scene. I have to keep some things the same.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Enough for a Lifetime...or Not


Two pairs of azure eyes caught with the other's, bringing their owners to a halt. John's hand hovered over the pot he was stirring hot chocolate in, waiting for Sherlock to speak.

"You're in med school."

"Yes, yes I am. I think you knew that, though."

"I did," Sherlock acknowledged smoothly. "You're proficient in your studies."

"Top of my class. I get the feeling that you knew that too."

"You were in the army."

"Again, yes."

"Seen a lot of injuries, then? Violent deaths?"

"...Yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much."

"...Want to see some more?"

"Oh God, yes."

Prompt was #86: azure


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Arrangements


And then the pan that John was stirring hot chocolate in bubbled over because he hadn't been paying attention, scorching his hand.

"AH! Dammit, Sherlock, don't distract me while I'm working!"

Sherlock ignored this little spectacle and John's now bright-red hand. "Tomorrow is your off day, am I correct? I'll introduce you to Lestrade and get you access to crime scenes. Then we'll see about an apartment."

John dropped the napkin he'd been holding to his hand in shock, then quickly snatched it off the stove. "E-Excuse me?"

"We'll get an apartment together and split. It'll be cheap."

Prompt was #1: red


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Aplomb and Moxie


"Now, wait just a minute-!"

"Must be off," said Sherlock with a surface-y "know I'm obnoxious but just don't care" smile. "Test tomorrow..."

John scowled. Sherlock hadn't said anything, but the implication was there: Not like I need to study for it, though...

With a swish of that (stupid, John thought) coat of his, Sherlock headed back to his dorm.

"Awfully forward, isn't he?" murmured Mike, topaz eyes peeking over the blender again. John threw him a look.

"I suppose an apartment might be cheaper than living on campus," he muttered, wondering why he was making excuses for the madman.

 

Prompt was #32: topaz


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Special Deal


If Sherlock was annoyed at John's five-minute tardiness, he didn't show it. It was Monday night, John's off day, and the Sherlock was sitting at his window seat when John met up with him.

"We go first to Lestrade," he said without any other greeting, standing and straightening his coat. "Then we look at the flat I've found for us."

John gaped, his blue eyes indignant. "The flat you've ALREADY found? Since last night? With no input from me whatsoever?"

Sherlock's lips twitched in a faint smile. "You'll like it, and you can afford it. I got a special deal."

Prompt was #4: blue


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




The Science of Deduction


They were in a taxi now, as they had been for about twenty minutes, riding in silence. Sherlock seemed to be focused with an extraordinary intensity on his cell phone, his alabaster face sometimes giving way to an annoyed look or a scathing glare as his fingers pecked back a retort to whomever he was talking to.

John tolerated this, but the silence was still prodding at the back of his head, alerting him of its presence. Sherlock finally seemed to notice this, his eyes creeping to peer at John surreptitiously. "Okay," he said finally, putting his phone down and glancing out at the rose-colored sunset over the Thames. "You've