Shiro nodded. He kept his face hidden, but his breaths against Lance's neck were still coming evenly and he relaxed his fingers somewhat from the death grip on his too-big t-shirt that Lance had worn to bed because it had been too much effort to grab clothes out of his own room last night.

Keith moved closer and slowly sank down onto the very edge of the bed. He still looked ready to bolt if need be, but his face was determined. "Shiro, are you okay?"

Shiro took a deeper breath and released it in a rush. "No." His voice was shaky, but the denial soothed the worry that was sending spikes of tension into Lance's building headache. It wasn't a lie, so Shiro wasn't shutting them out. Yet.

Keith must have reached the same conclusion because he relaxed minutely and turned his attention to Lance. "Are you okay?" The question was soft and made Lance's eyes widen in surprise.

"I'm fine." Keith shot him a skeptical look, so Lance tried for a smile again, not caring if it was a bit wobbly. "Really. He was trying to protect me. That's why I didn't want you to come through the door."

Something in his words must have broken through Shiro's haze, because he suddenly twisted around to stare at Keith with a horrified expression. "Keith?" He pulled his prosthetic arm free from its death grip on Lance's shirt and sat up straighter. His gaze transferred down to the arm and his entire body tensed. "Oh my god, Keith, I'm so sorry. I could have..." His voice trailed off to a whisper. His posture was so stiff it was making Lance ache in sympathy. He shot Keith a desperate look that he hoped the red paladin could read. 

Keith must have gotten the message, because he moved slightly from the edge of the bed to touch Shiro's arms. "Shiro, look at me. I'm fine. You didn't do anything, okay? I'm fine. Lance is fine. We're all good."

Shiro jerked his eyes away from his arm to Keith and stared for a long moment before turning his gaze back to Lance, eyes pained and obviously seeking confirmation. Lance reached out and took his closest hand. "It's okay, baby. Everything's okay." He didn't know what he expected, but Shiro just nodded and closed his eyes, falling back into the careful deep breaths he used to stave off a panic attack. He looked around his boyfriend's still form and caught Keith's eyes, but the other paladin looked as lost as he felt. He gave in and put his brain on auto-pilot, because that approach seemed to be working so far. "Besides, I'm pretty sure Keith and I together could have taken you."

Shiro huffed out a breath and opened his eyes to stare at him. Lance couldn't read his expression, but that was okay, because at least Shiro was reacting to them. "So now you decide to work together?"

"Only for the greater good."

Keith let out a breathy laugh, but Shiro was just staring at him with that unreadable expression. "I... I could have hurt you, Lance." He glanced back at Keith and curled in on himself. "Both of you. You shouldn’t... we shouldn't..." 

Shiro's shoulders were stiffening again, and no. Lance leaned forward and poked him in the chest. "If the next words out of your mouth are anything along the lines of 'we can't do this' or 'you can't sleep here because I could hurt you', I swear to god I'm going to shoot you in the foot during training tomorrow morning."

Shiro turned back to face him, expression hardening slightly. That was good, because Lance could work with anger and frustration a lot better than the lost expression that had been on his face. "I'm serious, Lance. This isn't a joke. I really could've hurt you!"

"But you didn't."

"This time! What about next time? Because there will be a next time!"

Lance sighed. "I know." He glanced back at Keith, but the other man just shrugged and nodded.

"You don't understand! What if-"

"Shiro." Shiro shut up and stared at him, possibly because he never used his nickname in bed. Ever. Lance took a deep, calming breath of his own. "No, I don't understand." He gestured in Keith's direction while keeping his eyes on Shiro's face. "*We* don't understand. We know that. But we're trying, okay?" Shiro's face was sliding towards stubborn. Lance sighed and slumped back against the wall, because apparently they were doing this now. "We have a plan, okay?"

That seemed to cut shut whatever