drunkenness. You tweet at boys often when you’re drunk?  


Louis bites at his lip, hoping the pain will help distract him from the fluttering in his heart. He has no reason to be this excited. He is being so dumb.

Nah, haha. Not just any boy, hah, usually just you… He adds an embarrassed face emoji and sends it because he’s a fucking man and he has balls and he can do this.

Harry responds almost immediately and Louis basically busts a nut.


Me?! You mean this isn’t the first time you’ve drunk tweeted at me? I’m flattered!



Yeah, haha, I’ve done it a few times mate ! this is the first time I attached a selfie though and it’s just cuz my mate dared me !



Well, I’m glad I noticed this tweet then! You’ve a lovely face. Quite cute. But, if it was a dare, was the asking me to date you a dare, too?


Louis almost screams at Liam, but then he remembers he has to open tomorrow. He settles for taking a screenshot and sending it to both Niall and Liam immediately, accompanied with ‘HARYR FUCKING STYLES JUST CALLED ME CUTE AND lOVEILY !?? IM LIGHTING MYSELF ON FIReE !!!’.


Yeah, that was a dare, too, but… I mean, it doesn’t mean I wouldn’t really want that. Like, fuck. Obviously I would, you’re fucking gorgeous.


Louis punches his bed as he hits send. Fuck, was that okay? Did that make sense? God, Louis doesn’t know what’s happening or what’s going on or if any of this is even real.


You’re gorgeous, too. And, good. I’m glad you want that, because, well. I’m not opposed to it.


Louis sits up. Not opposed to it? Not opposed to what? Dating Louis? Wait, is Harry fucking serious? Is Harry fucking Styles actually telling Louis that he is glad Louis wants it because he wants to date him!?


Not opposed to… dating me? You want to date?


Louis has to get up now, has to take a few laps around his bed to calm his fucking nerves.


Yeah, I think I’d like that.


What!? Just what! What is going on! Is Harry fucking serious?! He wants to date Louis? He would like to date Louis? Louis’ phone beeps again and he scrambles to unlock it. God, why did he even lock it?!


What’s your name by the way? I’m assuming ‘Tommo’ is a nickname?


Harry doesn’t even know his name and what’s to date him. That’s it. Louis’ actually going to jump out the window.


It is, my last name is Tomlinson. But, Louis. He replies shakily. Loo-ee, like the french way. But, you’re serious? You actually want to date me? Me?



Louis. It’s cute. Suits you. Yes, I actually want to date you. You seem nice and sweet and funny. Plus, you’re beautiful.


Okay, it’s only been like 10 minutes and Harry has already called Louis cute, lovely, gorgeous, and beautiful. He’s actually going to die.


I’m sorry, isn’t this crazy ? Aren’t you going to get yelled at ! You’re famous ! A POPSTAR! and you’re talking to me and telling me you wanna date me !


He sends it and quickly types out something else. I mean, I want this, I want this so bad, but like, you don’t know me ! I could be a sociopath ! A murder ! A crazy stalker !


I’m fairly certain a sociopath/murder/or crazy stalker wouldn’t say these things, or warn against them, Louis.


Okay, Harry has a point probably. Louis’ certain a murderer wouldn’t say ‘HEY IM A MURDERER WATCH OUT!’.


I’m not going to get in trouble though, I’m a big boy, I can do what I want.


Louis is a weak man. He’s a weak man and that’s why his cock twitches at that. He’s so weak. So pathetic. He needs something. Like, Jesus or Allah, or better yet, a smack to the face.


And you want to date me?


Harry responds with a row of smiley faces. I want. To be honest, I’m pretty sure I already want to kiss you.

 

I already know I wanna kiss you. Wanted that for years. Louis responds without overthinking it. His heart is hammering so fast in his chest, his scared it’s going to beat right through his bone, muscle, and skin and flop onto the bed. He can’t believe this is real. His head is spinning. This is not how I pictured this would go. Like, honestly