reaching for her hand as they walked up the path to the door. It was a small cozy yellow house in the middle of the street. Luke could see that the house still had tiny little Christmas lights up. The garden beside the path to the house was fully alive with all sorts of flowers and plants. Luke smiled softly at the house as they approached.





“Yup, this is where I spent 18 years before moving to school.” She smiled and pulled the key from her bag, unlocking the door. “Mom, Dad, I’m home.” She called into the silent house.





“Mackenzie, is that you?” Her mom, Georgia, called from the kitchen.





“What other child do you have, Mom?” Mackenzie joked. She closed the door behind her and lead Luke to the kitchen. 



“Um, I don’t know maybe a son? I can’t remember do I have another one?” They both laughed at Georgia’s joke. “Oh, this the boyfriend well he’s very handsome.” Georgia winked and smiled, drying her hands on the towel before embracing her daughter.



“Yes, this is Luke.” Mackenzie introduced, pulling away. “Luke, this is my Mom, Georgia.” 





“It’s so great to meet you.” Luke smiled as politely as he could and held his hand out to her. She shook his hand gently, eyeing him up and down, smiling at him.





“We’ve heard so much about you.” Georgia smiled softly. “You’re much cuter in person from what Mackenzie has told us.” 





“Mom,” Mackenzie groaned, Georgia laughed and smiled at her daughter. “I’m only having fun,” she smiled.





“Where’s Dad?” Mackenzie asked, leaning against the island.





“Watching TV, as always.” Georgia rolled her eyes playfully and turned back to the food she was making. Mackenzie took Luke’s hand and lead him to he family room where her father was sitting on the couch. 





“So nice of you to come greet me at the door, Dad.” She joked, sitting down next to him. Luke stood next to the couch awkwardly.





“I knew you’d come in here to see me, so I didn’t waste the energy.” Brett chuckled. He looked up at Luke and frowned slightly. “What are you standing around for, boy? Sit down.” Luke widened his eyes and took a seat next to Mackenzie.





“I’m gonna go help Mom in the kitchen. You two behave yourselves.” Mackenzie giggled and kissed her father’s cheek and then Luke’s before getting up and going back to the kitchen.





“Ever watched boxing before, boy?” Brett asked. Luke shook his head and looked at the TV screen.





“No, sir.” He answered awkwardly.





“I quite enjoy boxing. I wanted to be a boxer when I was younger, but my father would have had my head if he knew.” Brett chuckled. “It’s a real interesting sport, you see. It takes patience, stamina, and determination.”





“Isn’t it just two people punching each other?” Luke asked, watching the men on the screen throw punches. 





“It’s so much more than that.” Brett sighed. He went on to explain to Luke how no punch is the same. He went into great detail all of the different swings and techniques. “And then there’s the business aspect. You could make millions on boxing.”





“Millions?” Luke looked at Brett.





“If you run the ring, you’re going to be one of the wealthiest businessmen in America. Even in the smallest rings you could make tons of money.” Brett nodded. “Of course, you’d make more money in New York than you would here in quaint old Ohio.” He shrugged and looked at Luke when the commercials came on. “You know, I have always wanted my Mac to be with a boxer.”





“Why’s that?” Luke asked, glancing toward the kitchen, where he could hear Mackenzie laughing with her mom.





“Because then I know he’d be able to protect her.” Brett looked at Luke and Luke felt something shift in his brain. All of a sudden, he had the urge to learn how to box. He needed to know how to fight better so he would know how to protect Mackenzie.




Mackenzie fell asleep in Luke’s arms that night, for the first time in a long time. She felt safe, which wasn’t common with the threat of Romeo always looming over her head. She slept through the night with no nightmares or bad dreams for the next week after they were officially back together. Only dreams of the future. She dreamt of moving away with Luke, starting a new life. She dreamt of starting a family with him and moving away from New York. Everything was perfect. Her dream was ruined when she awoke to the chime of her phone. She carefully leaned over the side of Luke’s bed and pulled her sweatpants over