hadn't been answering so we were just wondering if we could talk to her for a moment."

Oh god how you want to be able too. You'd be safe with them there, your parents couldn't touch you with them there.

You slowly get up and go down the stairs.

"I'm sorry she isn't feeling well, she's up in her room sleeping. I don't think we should wake her."

You hear Dean sigh, no please don't go, "Can you tell her Sam and Dean were here and to call one of us?"

You peak around the corner and Dean catches your eye, you quickly go back around the wall.

"Yes we will tell her, have a good day gentlemen."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Sam I think they were lying."

Sam looks at Dean and opens the passenger door of the impala, "Why would they lie Dean?"

Dean looked at Sam seriously, "I saw her peak around the corner, she had a black eye. When I made eye contact with her she quickly went back around the wall."

Sam nodded, "Okay. What are you thinking?"

"I'll try calling her again and texting. Lets give her a day, if she doesn't answer we go in forcefully."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Y/N!"

You rush down to your dad.

"Yes daddy..."

Your dad looks pissed, "There were two guys at the door looking for you. Sam and Dean? Is that the 'friend's' that you spent the night at? Where you always go? Are you fucking them? Taking them both at the same time? Is Y/N a little slut for them?"

There's tears streaming down your face, your dad thinks you're a slut for them. That your their little toy.

"No! Their just my friends! And their awesome people, nice! I don't fuck either one of them, I'm not their little 'slut'."

Your dad is in your face, "Do not raise your voice to me young lady!" 

He slaps you across your face, making your head snap to the side, "You will treat me with respect young lady or you will never be able to go see your boy toys again slut!"

Your dad kicks your knees in, making you fall.

He grabs your hair and forced you to look at him, "Do you like being controlled slut. You like them both taking you at the same time? One in your pussy, one in your ass? They looked mighty strong, probably have big cocks. Bet they rip you open when they pound into you, don't they slut?"

Your dad slams his lips to yours, pushing his tongue inside. You're about to throw up.

When he breaks off he stands up fully and spits at you, "Fucking slut."

Your mom follows your dad to the kitchen and you pick yourself up and go to your room.

You lay down on the bed and cry. You cry so hard to where you can't breathe.

Your phone vibrates on the table next to you and you pick it up.


 'I know you know I saw you. You had a black eye, are you alright?' 


You cry harder and hold your phone to your chest.

You must've lost track of how long you'd been crying because you get a phone call next.


 'Thank god you finally answered! Are you okay Y/N?' 


Your voice croaks, wet with tears, "Dean..."

You're tired of hiding. You just want this to be done.


 'Y/N, what's wrong? Why are you crying princess?" 


You smile, he could always tell, "I need to get away from my parents. I can't live with them anymore. My father, he-" You're cut off with a sob.

You can hear keys jingling, 'Sweetheart. You gotta tell me what he did. Me and Sam are on our way but tell me what happened.'

You choke, "H-he. He thinks I'm yours and Sam's slut... T-that I let you guys just use me like that. H-he kicked my knees o-out from under m-me and held my hair, f-forcing me to look up at him. He t-then forced his t-tongue into my mouth." 

After you were done retelling the story, bile rose up in your throat, causing you to throw up into the trash can.

You heard Dean growl but then you heard Sam's voice, "Y/N we are almost there. Take a deep breathe, in through your nose and out your mouth. We are getting you out of there and your coming with us. You're never going to have to go home to that again."

You wipe your mouth and mumble an okay and lay back.

The phone is hung up but a few seconds later you hear the front door being kicked in.

"What