. Sasuke was, admittedly, right. Naruto sighed. "You're right. I… I'm sorry for my selfishness," he ground out, the apology a hard one to release. After all, he didn't truly feel that Sasuke deserved the apology – the dogs deserved the apology more than Sasuke.

Sasuke seemed satisfied, however, and changed the subject. "Are you ready to go?"

Naruto perked up. Yes, Sasuke was going to get food! He couldn't stop the smile from spreading across his face. "Yes! Oh- but what about Kurama and Kyuubi?"

"They will stay here," Sasuke assured. "I already have too much fur in my car, and your dogs are monsters. They hardly fit."

Naruto couldn't help but feel uncertain about leaving his dogs, but his stomach growled and twisted painfully from the lack of nutrition it had received, and he knew Sasuke was not going to be changing his mind anytime soon. "Okay. We'll be back soon, though, right? Kurama isn't used to not having me around. Where are they eating? I don't think they've been alone before, and I don't have their toys with me, so I can't leave them with anything..."

Sasuke blinked as the words rapidly flew from the blond's mouth. "I think your dogs will be fine. They're in the guest bedroom, where you'll be sleeping. If they fuck anything up, you can fix it or replace it when you can see. If you're ready, let's go."

Naruto could feel the vibrations under his bare feet as Sasuke moved forward to take a hand and place it on his shoulder. He led Naruto into the guest bedroom, and Naruto could hear the dogs as they ate. He frowned, simply because it seemed like they were inhaling their food, overjoyed to actually be fed again. Sasuke led Naruto to the bed, placing the boy's hands on it before leaving him. It reminded Naruto of his parents, but he didn't think Sasuke was being "careful" because he cared about him, the way his parents did. The dark-haired man likely just didn't want Naruto to break anything. Which made the situation worse, and made him feel even more childish and dependable than he usually did.

"Uh, hey, Sasuke?" He ventured. He heard Sasuke hum a response. "What if, you know, we cooked something to ordered something? I'm not sure I really want to go out..."

The older man returned to Naruto, putting a pair of socks in his hand. "I'm not letting you anywhere near my kitchen, and I don't order take-out. I have to return to work soon, and I don't have the time to cook."

His voice was so flat. Methodical. Precise. He was short and to the point, even when he was teasing Naruto about something – and most of that teasing seemed forced. Naruto sighed.

"Y'know, I was really hoping we'd be friends," he complained as he pulled the socks on, "but you're impossible to get along with. I'm only doing this for my dogs. If I get my sight, I'll be able to get a good job and afford their care by myself. I won't need anyone!" The boy grinned, proud of himself. He felt the bed shake slightly as the dogs jumped next to him.

"You aren't going to sleep with those things in this bed, are you?" Sasuke frowned, glaring at the two dogs.

"Yep!" Naruto's grin widened when he realized how much it was going to piss Sasuke off for the dogs to be on the bed.

Suddenly, two objects smacked him in the chest. Upon investigating the objects with his hands, he realized they were shoes. Sasuke had thrown shoes at him. Naruto snickered. "Who's childish now? Yeah, shoe-throwing, real grown-up thing to do."

"Shut up and put your shoes on before I decide to throw you and your filthy dogs out. I still need to get work done, and you are slowing me down."

Naruto's grin remained plastered on his face as he complied, quickly slipping the shoes on before he and Sasuke set off again, his right hand on the dark-haired man's left shoulder.

Our two favorite boys bicker, we learn a thing or two about trusting a blind 16 year old(or any 16 year old) with house freedom, and Naruto gets his surgery!

Author's Notes: I meant to post this yesterday, apologies! My goal is to post one chapter a week. The two chapters posted here have already been posted on FFN. Honestly, I feel like this chapter is weak. Buuuut, here it is! I hope you enjoy!

DISCLAIMER: No characters belong to me! All characters in this story belong to