Dean should have been at least a little relieved to know it only was a nightmare Lyla thought but the man stayed as worried as ever, playing with the screw he used to mark the days. Finally, after a long time without movement from any of the brothers, Dean moved down the wall in a sitting position and knocked. “Is it about him” it said and Lyla frowned. Dean visibly hesitated before knocking again. “Is it L-” he stopped after the first letter and looked sharply at the camera, silently wondering if he could say that word while being watched. Apparently not because he scoffed and looked at the floor. This time, no answer came from Sam and Lyla looked at the other monitor to find him shaking lightly. 


 


As Lyla looked at the images of Sam and Dean Winchester, she realized that it was the first time she saw the two men somewhat close to being helpless and broken. She didn't feel relieved to see the two men who had tried to kill the leader of her country finally losing hope as she had thought she would if the situation ever arrived. No… she felt.. ashamed and had the vague sensation of violating a really private moment. After a minute, she looked away. 


 


The first strange thing that happened to her that day was seeing the Winchester brothers losing hope.


 


-


 


After that, the day went back to normal, Sam walked around his cell, mumbled words to himself like he did everyday that Lyla still had a hard time understanding but took pride when she understood one of them. She kept a list of these words and tried to understand what it meant, if it could be useful to her bosses in their search of a possible terrorist community but really, it didn’t make a lot of sense. That day, she added another word to her list and sighed as she looked at her list and tried one more time to try to understand what they meant.


 


Weres, silver, borax, sun, beheading, leviathan, woodchipper, fangs, okami, salt, oil, blade.


 


It really didn’t make any sense. 


 


After that, Sam started his solo training, using a lot of different fighting styles and martial arts, training and burning whatever energy he had gained from his restless night. He usually worked until his arms and legs were shaking and his hair completely wet from sweating, and now wasn’t an exception. Afterwards, Sam walked tiredly to the wall between him and his brother to ask what day it is, how long it has been till they were taken. When he heard that it was day 88, Sam’s shoulders flinched and he nodded to himself before straightening and going to the door to take his food when the time came. Then, he started another training and Lyla just didn’t understand where he found the energy or the will to continue. 


 


-


 


After half an hour into his second training of the day, Sam suddenly stops mid push-up. He seems to be looking at something in front of him with horror and Lyla even tries to get a better look at the room to see if she is missing something but there really is nothing else than Sam in the room. Of course, she knows that but still.. he looks so horrified and scared and his eyes seem to follows something up before resting at one point as if looking directly at someone. A cold shiver runs down her back when she sees the prisoner try to crawl away in a corner, chest heaving frantically, words escaping his mouth and repeating over and over. “You aren’t real…” “Don’t touch me..” “No..” Lyla frowns when she saw him clawing desperately at his hand, drawing blood. 


 


Sam stays like this, tears in his eyes but never falling down his cheeks, arms wrapped around his panting chest and scrubbing his injured hand over the fabric of his shirt, aggravating his wound as he continues to whisper words like a broken record, for a good half an hour. After that, he simply let his head falls against the wall and seems to abandon himself. 


 


A couple of minutes passes before Lyla sees any other movement. Sam must have imagined someone talking because he says a little “Shut-up”. A beat passes before suddenly, Sam is getting up, slowly, tiredly and it takes Lyla some time to see that the man seems to be leaning against something where there isn’t anything. He walks in a way that isn’t possible alone before falling on his bed, curling in a tight ball and keeping his back to the room, head, and hands near the wall as if reaching for his brother. After a moment, Lyla sees the bed dips at Sam’s side unnaturally, as if someone really was sitting on it. At the same time, Sam flinches and curls on himself in an even smaller ball before whispering words Lyla almost misses. “It’s your fault you know. It’s your fault me and Dean are stuck here.” 



Frowning, Lyla amplified the volume one more time, trying to get every bit of information possible. If she could know why Sam and