ass off when he had brought it up and dragged her out to help him get the piercing. Of course, the snake-woman made fun of the bullman as he white-knuckled a table as he acquired the new piece of jewelry.)

The little boy wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his fuzzy hoodie, peeking out of the soft blue material and nodded. “I mean—I guess? I saw one of the stuffies and wanted to get a closer look… And to see if you would win it for me, but I thought you were next to me. So, when I asked the shadow next to me, ‘Do you know how to play this game?’ the chimera just grunted and stomped away. I didn’t know where you had gone or if you had just abandoned me, here… And I remembered something my mom taught me ah–about staying in one place making it so much easier to find me than trying to find you, at the same time… So, I stayed at this booth and talked to Ty and waited on you to find me…”

Asterion nuzzled against the boy’s stomach. “When I noticed you were gone, you  scared  me. I was so afraid something had happened to you when you weren’t there beside me. I was so worried as I searched for you… I’m probably going to have to get you a leash for your collar, my Perseus. I cannot have you get distracted by shiny things and running off. You’ll be by my side, where  I  can see you.” The Minotaur paused, lifting the little omega’s face up to look him in the eyes, “Because it  frightened  me, Perseus. I never want to have that feeling, again.”

Percy wrapped his arms around the bullman’s snout. “I’m sorry I made you feel like that, Alpha. I’m sorry.”

“All is forgiven, my sweet omega. You’ll have to stay on my shoulder until we get your leash because I don’t think you can reach my hand if we walk side by side.”

The omega pouted, “But, I can walk on my own.”

“Yes, you can—I  know  you can. But, Perseus, little boys who get distracted by shiny things and walk off on their own cannot be trusted to walk by themselves.”

The omega frowned, but nodded anyway.

“Now,” Asterion said as he patted Percy’s head, “What was it you were so distracted by?”

The omega looked over at the biggest stuffie at the booth, “I… It looks really pretty.”

The alpha had to agree with him. It was a giant winged hippocampus with a soft blue body. The scales of the tail and the underside of its navy wings were a metallic rainbow. The fins and navy part of the wings were velvet—as well as the little spire horn that Asterion could make out compared to the lighter aqua fur of the head.

Percy clutched the blue seal, “But, you don’t have to because Ty said I could have Salty instead…”

Asterion turned to the monster behind the booth. “What do I have to do to get the blue hippocampus?”

The cyclops's eye brightened. “While,  sire, this booth is a throwing game. All you have to do is hit the center of the target with the beanbag. Simple enough, right?”

The alpha huffed. It was  never  easy when it came to fair-conning games. There was always a catch—something that rigged the game and made it nearly impossible to win.

“And you are…?” He placed the omega back onto the silk pillow, gently rubbing his sides with the pads of his fingers. Percy purred and snuggled into the alpha more.

“Oh… Apologies,  sire. I am Tyson, a beta cyclops of the Forge of Atlantis, under the powerful Poseidon. My friend and I run this booth and we have met our quota of the day, so trying for the hippocampus won’t cost  sire  a single drachma!” He flashed his silver eye at Asterion when he announced his status.

The Minotaur answered the beta with an eye flash of his own, the deep amber glow staying up as he spoke. “I am Asterion, the Alpha under the House of Katarráktis. This sweet creature here—is Perseus. He… is an omega under my care. Thank you for watching him while I was away.”

“Not at all,  sire! I just had to get this little guy away from the shooting range booth. The wolves who work there would eat him, alive.” Tyson giggled and stepped to the side. “Now, would  sire  like a try?”

/line break\

Not only did it take more tries than the stuffie was worth, but Asterion was the laughing stock of that area of the fair. Really, how hard could it be to hit a target twenty feet away? A lot harder when the Minotaur had never throw something at a target. He had thrown things around in the Labyrinth, but not compact to where he