“Is my father here?  Is he all right?”

She could swear he flinches, but when he looks at her his face is carefully – intentionally – blank.  “Yes, he’s here.”

Belle smiles, trying to stay calm and keep her emotions steady, but she left her Papa so suddenly, and has missed him so terribly, that it is all but impossible to keep calm.  “I want to see him.”

He nods once, hesitating for a fraction of a second.  “Of course.  I’ll take you to him.”  He opens the door and lets her past him.  But just as she is about to slide into the car, he stops her with a hand on her arm.  “Belle, before we see him… well… a while back I did something that I’m not proud of.  I’m sure he’ll tell you all about it.  I just want you to know that I’m truly sorry for it, and I only did it because… never mind, it doesn’t matter why I did it.  But I do apologize.”

Belle stares at him in confusion, and he averts his eyes, looking guilty.  Nonetheless, Belle nods her understanding, and sits down.

The drive through the still-empty streets of the little town is unnerving.  She knows she has never seen the quiet village or anything within it before, yet so many buildings and landmarks trigger some vague sense of familiarity.  She opts to look down at her hands instead.  She fidgets, rubbing her hands or tugging at the hem of her oversized sweater.  The ride cannot take more than a few minutes, but it stretches on and on, and she almost wants to tell him to just drive faster, as there are no other cars on the streets.  Instead, he reaches into her lap unbidden, and squeezes one hand, rubbing his thumb over her knuckles.

“Almost there, Love.”  After a few more turns, he parks the car along the sidewalk, and points to a small apartment building across the street.  “There, lower level on the right,” he says, unbuckling his seatbelt and stepping out.

Belle doesn’t wait, and as soon as she manages to fumble out of her own seatbelt and open the door, she’s running across the street.  She barely stops herself from running into the door, and she pounds on it with a tight fist, calling for her papa in a voice that borders on desperation.  In a moment, the door flies open, and she nearly falls through the suddenly open space.  And then Belle looks up, and sees her father’s stunned and heartbroken face for the first time in what must be a hundred years, and she throws herself into his arms.  “Papa!”

He clutches at her like he doesn’t believe she’s real, as if he, too, thought her dead and gone.  He pushes her back just enough to see her face, all smiles and eyes brimming with tears.  “Belle?  Are you all right?”  He pushes her tangled hair back, still in shock.

She laughs, and a few tears run down her cheeks.  “I’m fine, Papa,” she says, nodding.

Finally, he seems convinced that she is truly here, and he surprises a yelp out of her by picking her up and spinning her around as if she were a child.  “Oh, my girl!  I thought I’d never see you again.”  When he finally sets her down, she finds him teary-eyed as well.  She laughs, truly overjoyed, and hugs him as tight as she can.

After a few moments, she hears the door click shut.  “I’ll give you two some privacy,” Rumpelstiltskin says quietly.

She feels her father tense instantly, as if readying for battle, when he notices the other man.  But Belle holds him tight, and he doesn’t move until Rumpelstiltskin disappears around the corner and into another room.

“What the hell is he doing here?”

Belle pulls back, smiling reassuringly.  “It’s okay, he brought me here.”

He takes her by the shoulders, his hands a little too tight, and his face has a fierceness that she only ever saw when he stood over the war table, planning a battle against the ogres.  “Did he hurt you?  Before, when he took you away?”

Belle remembers what Rumpelstiltskin said earlier, before he drove her here.  She’s starting to worry what might have happened, but she keeps smiling, and shakes her head calmly.  “No, he didn’t.  It’s all right Papa, he’s really not as bad as he seems.”

“Not as bad?” he hisses, suddenly fiery with rage.  “Belle, he’s violent, he’s dangerous!”  He keeps his voice pitched low, as if afraid the other man will overhear from the next room.

She purses her lips, and speaks carefully.  “What happened?  He told me he did something he was sorry for but he didn’