anymore. On Earth, she wasn’t his boss anymore; they were just a couple of friends, who also happened to be attracted to each other and they were completely free to explore their bond. Those six weeks were a time, when they could follow their hearts and simply be Elizabeth and John rather than Dr Weir and Colonel Sheppard, bound by rules, regulations and their own sense of propriety and responsibility. It was the time to feel and even though it was a relatively short time, she was pretty sure that during those weeks, she found out more private little details about John than she did during the whole two and a half years that she had known him beforehand.

She couldn’t say that she wasn’t fond of that time, but that didn’t mean that she was willing to change the rules she went by as the leader of Atlantis. One of them was that she wouldn’t date people, who were working under her – what applied to practically everyone in the city, and no matter how tempted she was, she didn’t plan to change it upon their return. John, of course, wasn’t really happy with it and was trying to convince her that it wouldn’t change anything. She could see the point in his words; whether they were together or not, their feelings wouldn’t just disappear, and deep in her heart she knew he was right, but she didn’t give in. He didn’t like it, but he understood that it was simply the way she was, a person with a very strong sense of propriety, and respected her too much not to let it go. Yet there he was now, throwing accusations at her and ones she completely couldn’t understand.

“John” she spoke, trying to sound as firm as possible so that he wouldn’t try to interrupt her this time. “Can you tell me what is this all about? You storm into my office and make a scene, obviously expecting explanation from me and at the same time, you give me absolutely no hint of what are you even talking about.”

She was trying her best to stay calm; fighting with him was the last thing she wanted to do, but his attitude seemed to influence her own and she couldn’t help sounding a bit more challenging and defensive than she intended to. It was not surprising that it only seemed to add fuel to the fire and she was pretty sure that if it wasn’t for the awareness of where they were in the back of his mind, John wouldn’t try to tame his anger the way he was doing it now.

“How about the fact that you dump me the moment we come back here, even though you claimed that you loved me and that we meant a lot to you, saying that you can’t afford being in a relationship with another member of the expedition, you refuse to spend the day off with me because it is too close to going onto a date, and then I find out that half of the expedition has seen you on a date with some Mark guy, who…”

“Okay, John, enough. I get it” she interrupted, raising her hand to prevent him from saying more. She knew him well enough to be pretty certain that there was much more to come, that he was only beginning his rant but she wasn’t able to listen to it anymore. He was immediately taken aback by the change in her voice, the defensiveness all gone and replaced with resignation.

She could feel her heart sink and her stomach twist, when she heard the mention of that rather memorable day off, but even more so when he mentioned Mike. Suddenly, it all seemed to make sense. She probably should have thought about it, it seemed pretty obvious now, but she was sure that he didn’t know about that particular detail. She hoped he was not going to find out, mainly because she knew that he would be very quick to jump to conclusions, no matter what the truth actually was. And the truth was that she wished she had never agreed to go to that lunch and felt absolutely terrible at the thought of that kiss, even if it was Mike, who initiated it and who himself admitted that he shouldn’t have done it. She might have ended her relationship with John, but it still felt as if she was cheating on him and she truly regretted that she had given in that day.

Resting her elbows on the desk, she raised her hands to her face and massaged her temples with her fingertips, feeling a headache coming. She really wished she could explain her actions to him, give him any reason that would justify her actions, so contrary to the words she had spoken to him all those weeks ago. There was nothing, however. There was nothing she could say that would make him understand and calm him down when she believed that he had every right to be angry at her, especially when she was angry at herself, too.

His earlier words were echoing in her head and she felt as if