though. A nude of his best friend. Sehun curses out loud and sits up, throwing his phone away in shock. He can’t believe he just stared at his best friend’s dick for more than ten seconds. He also can’t believe that Jongin sent him a picture of his dick. What the actual fuck? His phone buzzes again and he startles, grabbing it warily. He opens the new text, closing one eye—just to be safe.


OMG SEHUN DON’T READ THAT TEXT I BEG YOU



DELETE IT



ABHDEBOGSDRGVBETVI



PLEASE


Sehun snorts as the texts keep coming. Jongin is such a klutz. His best friend is so bad with technology, it’s ridiculous.



too late loser





ps: nice dick





hope chanyeol enjoyed it



He cackles and sends Chanyeol a text. Just because he can. Just to be an asshole.



your bf’s dick is nice bro I would def tap that if I was into dicks





but TMI



His phone keeps buzzing as Jongin gets desperate.


DON’T LAUGH YOU ASS



WHY AREN’T YOU ASLEEP



WHY DID YOU LOOK



I HATE YOU SEHUN



please don’t tell chanyeol he’ll be mad :(((


Sehun winces.



too late?




I DESPISE YOU SO MUCH


Laughing, Sehun’s digit hovers on the “delete” button of the picture before he decides better of it and downloads it. Perhaps he could use it later to bribe Jongin. Shrugging, he saves it before opening Chanyeol’s text.


At least you’re not his mom...Please don’t tease him, he’s freaking out. I’ve been asking him for days to send nudes...He won’t do it ever again :(((




sorry bro I can send him mine if that makes him feel better




don’t be an ass, i’ll chop off your dick if you do




arsh bro I didn’t ask for it




i’m serious sehun keep it in your pants




why :(((




bro or not i’ll kill you if you send a nude to MY boyfriend




he’s my bff too tho i’ve seen it when we were kids




KIDS yes it’s diff now




awww are you scared i’ll seduce him with my d :)))




sehun istg




sorry mine is bigger bro




don’t bro me rn asshole


Sehun grins evilly and lowers his boxers, taking a nice shot of his soft cock. Hey, he wants to have fun too. They started it after all. It’s payback for having abandoned him. Petty, yes. He sends the picture to them and waits, lying back down on the mattress.

Jongin’s OMG SEHUN WWY makes him laugh but Chanyeol’s bro. i’ll come and kill you. worries him a little. He knows how protective and possessive Chanyeol is. When he gets an incoming call from Jongin he bites his lip, hesitating before answering. Jongin would kill him if he ignored him.

“You fucked up,” Jongin sighs.

“It’s just a joke...” he groans. “Come on, you started it.”

“You shouldn’t have told Chanyeol! It’s already embarrassing enough that you of all people saw my dick.” Jongin whines pitifully.

Sehun chuckles.

“Not funny, Sehun,” Jongin chides him, sounding distressed. “You know how Chanyeol feels about you meddling with our relationship.”

Rolling his eyes, Sehun sighs. “It’s just a picture, Jongin. Relax.”

“Of me naked, of you naked.” Jongin deadpans. “BFFs don’t send each other’s dick pics, Sehun.”

“I’m sorry alright?” Sehun groans. “I’ll apologize to Chanyeol.”

“Why did you tell him? And why did you send this picture?” Jongin’s tone sounds curious now, if not a little wary.

“I didn’t think,” he blurts out. He just thought it would be funny to mess with them. Apparently, he was wrong.

“You never do.” Jongin says quietly.

Sehun’s heart clenches and he stays silent. It’s not the first time Jongin told him that. It’s true though. He never thinks of the consequences of his actions.

“I’ll call Chanyeol and beg him not to kill you. Again.” Jongin continues. “Catch you later.”

He doesn’t even say goodbye and Sehun frowns. That hurts. Jongin sounded disappointed and Sehun feels like he let him down. Somehow, he hates it. He texts Chanyeol with a sorry but his friend doesn’t reply. He’s not really surprised, Chanyeol is 100% done with Sehun’s shit when it concerns Jongin’s well being. Sehun often wonders if Chanyeol only puts up with him because he’s important to Jongin. He never dares to ask though, too scared of the reply.

The truth is that Sehun misses his friends. Since they started dating, they’re in their own little bubble and Sehun feels lonely. Each time he tries to reach out to them though, he fucks up. His jokes used to be funny but they always