gunpoint). 

He looks at her through the mirror, eyes lowered, pretending to focus on his own hands at his collar. She’s almost finished, and then they’ll have to go. He’s only allowed this much, it’s within the bounds of the narrative, an executive having it off with the other woman in a hotel before returning to the boardroom and the loneliness of the top floor, while she vanishes from his life as suddenly as she appeared in it. 

“I can see what you’re doing, my dear.”

Startled, he realises she’s put down her tools and met his eyes in the mirror, peering at him askance. She’s blinking up from under lengthened eyelashes, which means she’s through her mascara as well. He’s running out of time. She’s...what, amused? Laughing? At him?

Man-eater, they call her, Queen of Evil, crazy, dangerous, the psychopath in the executive suite. But alone with him, her hair wild around her shoulders, her stilettos lost beneath the bed, she’s none of that (or she’s all of it and it doesn’t matter). She’s known him since he was a boy, since before the uniform and the makeup and the battles that have changed them both and the losses that have carved up the lives they thought they’d live. 

He shakes his head minutely, frowns at her. “What am I doing?”

“Being an idiot.”

Moments like these, he thinks he loves her. He knows she loves him. Moments like these, he thinks, what if we shut the door on expectation? What if we just left it all behind, all the responsibility and the history and the people depending on us and ran, travelled the world, just her and me, I’ve seen it before but we could see it together, I never wanted to be chief executive, and she should never have become my subordinate (and certainly not my mistress), it’s killing her.

Then there are the other moments he knows better. She’s as safe as she can ever be under his watchful eye, and heaven knows she’s brilliant at her job. She’s saved his hide (his soul), and the company, more than once. But she is crazy, unhinged by the choices life has made, and she’ll never forgive him for what he’s taken from her, and they’re not children running around unwatched on her father’s highland estate, dreaming up their own private world bigger than the outside world. He can’t have her cut loose, free to wreak havoc on his life’s work, to scheme up hostile takeovers and ruin lives. 

Which is why they’ll never run, which is why they’ll stay exactly where they are, like fixed points, until it does kill her, or him, or both of them in a fiery corporate showdown that’ll leave no survivors and no stars in the sky.

Meanwhile, there’s this. It doesn't even scratch the surface of scandal for him to have an affair with his CIO. People around the office have been whispering about the chemistry between them since the day he’d realised who his board had hired, the day she’d walked back into his life, all smiles and gasps and expectant little pauses for dramatic effect.

She carefully and deliberately applies her lipstick, still studying him fixedly. The lip colour is the penultimate step, only one thing left to do before she’s fully dressed and ready to go back to the office and their lies. It’s lurid, so red it’s like she’s painted a target on her face, and all it makes him want to do is to grab her by the back of the head and take her mouth, violent or gentle, he doesn’t know (or care) which. 

Instead, he focuses on the bones in her hand, the slimness of her wrist and fingers. Her skin is pale like she’s come back from the dead, though not half an hour ago he’d made it flushed and damp and hot like they could speak their hearts directly through touch alone.

“I’m going to go in a minute,” she reminds him. “Finish getting dressed.” Her tone is gentle, but also matter of fact. She’s resigned to this fate in a way he hasn’t been able to accept yet. Some days he thinks he can still fix this, and some days he thinks the only solution is to never see her again (when he has to be in the office take the express lift straight from the carpark to the top floor and lock himself in as though in a box, otherwise only show up to quarterly investors’ meetings; force himself never to look for her in the canteen or by the server room or silhouetted outside his door).

She stretches her arms up and behind to pull her hair into its knot--he wonders how she finds