asks, seemingly shifting closer to the older man. 

“Actually, no, yesterday was more about touch ups to the case before court in a few days, today is a celebrity fighting against being put under house arrest,” Liam smiles, turning to see Louis looking amazed beside him. 

Louis puts his hand on Liam’s bicep excitedly, “Can you tell me who?” 

Liam stares at Louis’ mouth for a millisecond, but drags his eyes away as quickly as he looked. “Not exactly, but I can give you a clue.” 

Louis leans in closer, his eyes lit up in excitement. “Go on?”

“She was in High School Musical,” Liam relents, grinning as Louis’ mouth drops open in shock. 

“Okay now you have to tell me,” Louis is almost in Liam’s lap by now due to his excitement, and Liam’s fighting to remember how to breathe. 

Liam waggles his eyebrows, “If I told you, I’d have to kill you,” he winks at Louis and laughs as Louis rolls his eyes in reply. “You’ll hear about it on the news anyway,” he’s met with a deadpanned look from Louis, “I forget how young you are, you don’t watch the news, do you?” 

“Never in my life,” Louis smirks, sitting himself back down on the sofa. He’s so close to Liam now that there is room for another person to sit on the empty seat of the couch. “I’m not all worldly like you, Mr Payne.” 

It’s then that Liam turns again to look at Louis, and he realises their faces are only inches apart. He watches Louis’ eyes go from Liam’s own eyes down to his lips, and he thinks his heart stops when he watches Louis’ tongue dart out to wet his own lips. 

Liam can’t help himself when he leans in, Louis doing the same. Their noses are brushing, and Liam brings his hand up to cup Louis’ jaw, thumbing at the cheekbone. Louis’ eyes flutter shut and Liam brings their lips together, just soft presses until Louis’ opening his mouth to the kiss and it becomes wild. 

His free hand moves to Louis’ side as one of Louis’ wraps in his hair and pulls him closer. Liam feels Louis shift up, moving to straddle Liam’s lap without breaking the kiss once, while the hand Louis doesn’t have in Liam’s hair is pushing Liam’s hand down to cup his fucking brilliant arse, making him gasp into Liam’s mouth softly. 

It’s sinful and dirty, and everything Liam wants when Louis starts to rock his hips down against Liam’s, letting him feel where Louis is beginning to grow hard against him just from their kiss (Liam remembers when he was that young and it was as simple as a strong breeze to get him up and rearing). 

Louis pulls back his breath heaving, and Liam opens his eyes to see how Louis’ face is flushed red and his mouth is slightly ajar in a mix of shock and arousal, Liam presumes. His hand is still squeezing Louis’ arse, and Louis’ hand is still in his hair. “Mr Payne,” Louis mumbles, and Liam pulls him back in for another kiss, this time letting both hands cup and squeeze at Louis’ bum to make him moan into Liam’s mouth. 

He pulls Louis’ hips against his own, hard, effectively making Louis grind against him, which makes Louis throw his head back in a louder moan and roll his hips down hard. “Fuck,” Liam mutters, “get yourself off against me.” 

Louis steadies his hands on Liam’s shoulders and rolls his hips expertly against Liam’s crotch, the most delicious moans and whines falling from his parted lips. “Mr Payne,” Louis mumbles, rocking his hips in figure eights, just how Liam imagines he would ride a dick. 

“God, wish I was fucking you right now,” Liam mutters, letting one of his fingers press hard on the crease of Louis’ arse through his jeans. “You’d be so desperate, yeah? Fucking yourself on me like you needed it to breathe.” 

Louis whimpers, his eyes falling open in shock as he grinds down harder, his skin flushing a deep red. 

“Would you want my cock, Louis?” Liam asks, “Would you want me to fuck you so hard you see stars?” 

Louis is nodding, beads of sweat starting to form on his forehead. His noises are coming louder, with less time in between. 

Liam lets his hand smack Louis’ bum through his clothes, “What would you want me to do to you, Louis?” 

“F-Fuck me,” Louis whimpers, his hands clenching tight in the fabric of Liam’s suit jacket, “Fuck me and pin me down and make me take it and fuck me over your desk.” 

“Have you thought about this before?” Liam’s own hard on was pressing tight against his jeans, the feeling of Louis grinding down on it