head while saying,”A couple months ago, this tape I am about to let you all listen to/ share on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, was recorded. By who?”

At this point, Louis turned his head away from Zayn and Niall slightly and practically whispered, “No one knows.”

That must have been the sign, because suddenly a snicker was heard, then a gravelly moan.

Zayn caught on instantly as horror slowly overcame his face and the sex tape played out, the memory still fresh and beautiful.


*”Oh God Niall, don’t fucking tease me!” Zayn yelled as Niall circled his fingers around Zayns length, the warm fingers only adding to the heat of Zayn’s body.



Niall dryly chuckled, though his fingers never moved, and his voice, roughened by the sexual rush he was receiving, grounded out slowly,” Why not? You left me to fend for myself this morning, so I might just repay the favor…”



Niall jerked his hand, and fed off of Zayn’s increasingly heavy breathing, knowing just what he was doing to the poor lad.



Zayn cleared his head slightly, and growled from deep in is throat, looping his fingers into Niall’s pants, and pulling the lad flush against his lean body, grinding his rock hard rod into Niall’s lower half, pulling a breathy,’Fuck,’ from the boys lips.



Lips that Zayn liked very much.



Taking those lips as his own, Zayn ravished the boys mouth, never breaking rhythm, and relished in the heat and security he found in his arms as Niall wrapped them fully around Zayn’s sexually frustrated self.



Niall whined needfully as Zayn finally tore his lips from Niall’s, but was soon placated when Zayn began to slide down Niall’s body, Niall’s hand slipping out of Zayn’s pants leaving a cold imprint, looking straight into Nialls clear water blue eyes every second of the way, until he was on his knees.



Softly, Zayn nuzzled Niall’s enlarged cock through the confines of his ‘Made in China’ Khakis, nimble fingers unzipping the unneeded artery of clothing, Niall’s head falling back at the feel of Zayn’s tongue through his 4-leaf-clover boxers. As Zayn’s tongue, sadly all too soon, left Niall’s nether lands, Niall was forced to open his eyes, and pull his oh-so-much-heavier-than-before head back up to see what the doe-eyed lad was doing. He was just in time to catch Zayn as he ripped said boxers off.



Zayn had just ripped them off.



Smirking, Zayn looked up to see Niall’s half angry half lustful gaze on him, those had been Niall’s favorite boxers, and chuckled before grasping Niall’s erect cock, and taking the whole length in one try.*


Sucking sounds filled the whole arena, and a red faced Niall walked straight into the arms of a shocked Zayn; Zayn hadn’t known his blow jobs were so loud.


*Zayn groaned around Niall’s length, the vibrations dragging Niall across the world and back, a blinding light searing across his vision before his release threw him up into God’s arms, where he began his casual float back down to the earth, where Zayn awaited, eyes black with desire.



Niall faintly smirked, and whispered lightly,”Fuck. Me.”



The next thing Niall knew, he was impaled on Zayn’s massive bodily extension, the rolling chair by the recording desk squeaking in protest, and pain was flashing through Niall’s body like a wildfire.



Zayn rubbed Niall’s back, whispering softly how sorry he was, waiting for the boy to adjust, when suddenly, Niall pulled himself almost fully off of Zayn’s dick, before grunting as he slammed back down, the smack of skin on skin filling the studio.*


Zayn could physically feel the Irish lad cringing in his arms, and he almostfelt bad.

Almost.


*Niall repeated the movement once more, reveling in the feel of being full, when Zayn took charge, grabbing the other lads hips, and slamming himself into Niall, hitting the sweet spot Zayn knew like the quiff on his head.



Niall’s hand accidentally hit one of the buttons on the music-board, and suddenly, Katy Perry’s “Firework” was blaring around them*


Zayn tensed, and Niall chuckled weakly, rubbing his back softly and whispering,”To this day, I don’t understand why your jealous of her…” Zayn nuzzled his head into Niall’s neck and whispered back,”She kissed you. I’m the only one who’s allowed to kiss you.”

A full blown laugh burst from Niall’s throat as he buried his face in Zayn’s shoulder before saying,”We weren’t even dating when she kissed me, Zaynie-“

Zayn groaned at the use of the nickname Niall had come up with.

“-so technically, you have no claim to being jealous.” Zayn sighed and said back,”Well, I am. You’re mine.” nipping at Niall’s ear