were starting to get to him.

Every once in a while, Dean got really strange, specific cravings, but Sam had made them stop for frozen yogurt at a chain they used to go to as kids one time just because they were in an area that had one, so who was he to point fingers?

It was the literal nesting that finally made Sam realize the actual state of affairs.

Sam didn’t usually go into Dean’s room. They finally had their own spaces, and that was awesome, so Sam was willing to respect his privacy. Well, within reason.

Sam didn’t have very many favorite pieces of clothing, since most things hunters wore were eventually doomed to be coated in blood, ectoplasm, grave dirt, and even worse things, so when he did have favorites, it was pretty obvious when they went missing.

Sam knew for a fact that his favorite old hoodie from Stanford had been folded and placed in his second dresser drawer after the last time he had done laundry. They hadn’t had a case in several weeks, so he couldn’t have lost it on the road. There was only one other person living in the bunker.

“Dean,” he asked as he pushed open the door to his brother’s room, “have you seen my...” he trailed off as his jaw dropped. Dean’s bed was covered in a mass of soft blankets and random clothing articles. Sam saw several more of the “dead guy” robes, an old flannel he was fairly certain had belonged to their dad, a few familiar blue neckties, and some shirts he knew were his own.

“Seen what now?” Dean asked groggily, head poking out of the cozy nest.

“My Stanford hoodie?” Sam managed.

Dean smiled sheepishly. “Do you really need it ‘cause I can probably find it, but I may have worn it a couple times, and I really kind of like how it feels on my skin.”

“I can’t believe it,” Sam muttered under his breath. He turned around and walked back out, stumbling to the library and falling into a chair.

Dean followed him, expression worried, and in nothing but a tee-shirt and his boxer briefs, Dean was quite obviously pregnant. How had Sam not noticed the belly? How had he not connected Dean mentioning “appointments” as anything other than exactly what it sounded like?

“You okay?” Dean asked warily. One of his hands rested protectively over his expanding middle. “I’m sorry. I kind of thought you knew?”

“How long have you known?” Sam asked, trying to gauge how far along the pregnancy was by size alone.

“I’ve known for a couple of months now, but I think I was just in denial for a while before that,” Dean admitted.

“Who’s the other father?” It didn’t really matter, Sam was mostly just curious, but Dean bit his lower lip and looked away. “Do you even know?” That came out badly, and Sam winced as soon as the words were out of his mouth.

“It’s not like I sleep with anything that moves, okay!” Dean suddenly blurted defensively.

“I never said you did,” Sam soothed.

“I’ve got it narrowed down to two,” Dean continued, somewhat more calmly, “but for all I know, it could be both.” At Sam’s confused expression, Dean gestured at his belly. “Fraternal twins. Surprise?”

“Wow.” Again, not the best thing to say, but Sam couldn’t help it. He mentally ran through the last several months in his mind. Dean hadn’t really gone out much, and Sam couldn’t remember any male hook-ups. Unless of course they had happened while they weren’t speaking. Sam had a sinking feeling he knew who one of the candidates was.

Dean must have seen his expression change because he squared his shoulders and tensed his jaw, defensive again. “I know you hate Benny on principle, but I’m not gonna put up with you judging me about this.”

Sam took a deep breath and held up his hands. “Relax. I’ll try to behave. He’s not going to be coming around here all the time though, is he?”

Dean shook his head sadly. “He doesn’t even know, and I’m not sure I’ll ever tell him.”

Sam knew he should leave well enough alone, but the curiosity was killing him. “You said two?”

Dean gave him a pointed look. “Who do you think?” Sam remembered the ties in the clothing nest.

“Really?”

“Shut up.”

The room fell into an awkward silence. It was pretty obvious that Dean had made up his mind, so Sam really only had one more burning question.

“So, how long do we have to baby-proof this place?”

***

It turned out that there was really no amount of time that would have been enough to be truly ready for the arrival