into him. 

Cas sat Sam on the counter and got food preparations out.

"What do you want to eat Sammy? Egg muffin or pancakes?"

Sam seemed to seriously think on that, "Muff with bacon? De always likes bacon."

Cas chuckled and got the food out, "Yes, yes he does."

~~~~~

Sam was sitting at the table and Cas was putting food in front of him when Dean walked in.

"Want some breakfast?"

Dean sniffed and his face twisted, hand rubbing his stomach, "Not what you made. Kind of just getting sick just smelling it."

Sam piped up, "But you love bacon!"

Dean shot Sam a smile and went to the fridge, "Ya but puppy doesn't like it too much. I'm just going to have like yogurt and a water."

Dean got his food and drink and sat next to Sam, watching his brother eat.

"Hey Sam, it's bring your kid to work day. Want to skip school and come to the hospital with me since Cas works from home?"

Sam seemed to beam at that, "YA! I get to see you be a hero!"

Dean chuckled, "Maybe, I don't think you should be in on the serious cases Sammy, you're too young." Sam pouted but brightened quickly again.

"You don't need to save someone to be a hero, you can just help someone feel better by giving medicine to be one."

Deans eyes teared up and he hastily wiped them away, "Thanks Sammy."

Cas sat across from them and admired their bond.

Dean finished his yogurt and stood up, "I'm going to go shower and change. Cas, when you two are done can you help Sam with getting ready?"

Cas nodded. Dean ruffled Sam's hair and then bent down to kiss Cas's cheek, ignoring Sams exaggerated ew.

~~~~~~~~~~

When the two was ready, Dean buckled Sam into the back and got in the front, driving to work.

When he got there, he was immediately stopped.

"Dean! You decided to bring Sam to bring your child to work day?"

Dean laughed and clapped hands with Benny, "Ya, Cas actually suggested it." He looked down to Sam who was clinging to his pant leg, "Sam you remember Benny, don't you?"

Sam thought for a minute and nodded.

Benny smiled and bent down, "Hey brotha', nice to see you again." Benny had been one of Deans first friend when he and Cas moved to this town, he knew Sam just as long as he knew Dean and Cas.

Sam gave him a bright smile and loosened his hold on Deans leg.

Benny stood up and looked to Dean, "You know, everyone's going to be fawning over Sam today."

Dean scoffed, "Probably just the Betas and Omegas, the Alphas are too proud and don't even pay me enough respect. Well, except you."

Benny shrugged, "They can get over their grudge, there's a couple Omegas working at this hospital."

Dean nodded.

Benny leaned in close, "Becky's working today. You know how she is with kids, watch out."

Dean nodded, "Thanks. I think I'm just going to be helping with pediatrics and just look after sick patients. Don't want to do much glory stuff with Sam right next to me." 

"Well watch out for Becky. Good luck brotha'." Benny clapped Dean's shoulder and walked away.

Dean looked down to Sam, "I gotta clock in, then we can go to the cafeteria." Sam nodded and stuck close to Dean's side, not wanting to lose him.

~~~~~~~~

Dean clocked in and walked Sam to the cafeteria, getting him juice and an apple. The two sat down.

"What are you learning in class?"

Sam perked, "We're learning the ABCs and do all this drawing and stuff! It's awesome!"

Dean laughed, "That's great Sammy-"

He was cut off by his pager the over speaker going on

'Dr. Winchester, please report to pediatrics. Dr. Winchester, please report to pediatrics."

Dean sighed and helped Sam clean up, "That's our cue Sammy."

~~~~~~~~~

Throughout the day Sam watched Dean help children and sick people, staying far away from the sick people.

At one point though they managed to lose each other. Sam was left alone in a big hospital with complete strangers. He started crying.

"Sam? Why are you alone?" Sam looked up and through his tear soaked eyes he saw Benny, who he latched onto immediately.

"I-I lost Dean, I don't know where he is and I'm scared." Benny soothed his hand across Sam's hair.

"It's okay kid, he's probably worried sick looking for you. I'll call him down."

'Dr. Winchester, please come to room 203, your brother is looking for you.'

A couple minutes later Dean was running to them and