at the boundary of the circle, she steadied her hands and raised her palm after placing the bag on the ground beside her, sliding a ceremonial dagger out of the sheath on her belt with her other hand, pricking her finger with the sharp point, just enough to let a single drop of blood fall onto the chalk, and in a flash, a bright haze burst from the circle and began to bleed into the symbols.

As the haze settled, the dark purple aura pulsed regularly, black wisps flicking off of it into the air, only to dissipate almost immediately.

“My, my, I can see everything's gone well,” A disembodied voice rang out into the room, appearing to originate from the circle, “Good job.”

The girl nodded and replied, dropping her rhythmic speech, “Thank you, mistress… Priestess Ayase’s bones are safe and intact and I could detect no one watching me.”

She could feel the venom suddenly enter the voice at her mention of the priestess, letting out a bittersweet laugh, “Priestess Ayase… You served as an instrument of my sealing… I wonder how it will be to assist in my unshackling. I will make sure your soul in Paradiso feels it,” She snarled.

“Shall we begin, mistress?”

“Of course,” She spoke, somewhat curtly, but the girl supposed if she had been chained up somewhere in Inferno to be tormented, she would become a little bit surly as well.

She placed the bag in the middle of the circle, it quickly becoming engulfed in the haze, noting the purple flames licking over it and burning, revealing the sheen of bones for a moment before those were enveloped in the aura as well.

Her mistress's voice spoke next, beginning the unshackling ritual, “I have been bound by toil and blood, tears and suffering on a cross for my deeds, but by power sealed within, I demand my bindings be broken.”

“And by my blood, my eternal mistress will walk the earth again, through thunder, lightning, or in rain.” 

The tear above the circle pulsed and ripped open a little bit more as if it were mere paper and a black hand or two attempted to claw its way through it, before they were harshly yanked away from their salvation. Unperturbed, the girl held out her finger again, allowing another drop of blood to fall, the tear violently twisting and opening further.

“By the bones of the one that sealed me, who no longer holds any power, why should I remain bound by the deeds of the deceased?” Shrill sounds tore through the portal, presumably because she was amidst souls of the damned. It wasn’t very often beings broke out of the underworld after all.

She had been banished to the seventh circle of Inferno, or just simply hell as many lazily referred to it as. Although she could have been sent to the inner ring, Ayase had rather cruelly sent her to the outer ring. Submerged in boiling blood and fire, her mistress had suffered for years, but the girl didn’t know the true extent of what she’d had to endure. And she hoped she would never had to endure it herself at all. 

As the tear slowly began to rip open further to reveal what was inside, she brought her mind back, if only for a moment, to how she’d been reached out to. To that particular day. She had made sure to treasure those memories, not forgetting a single detail. 

She had always put stock in the occult, eventually turning her back on God, despite her belief in him. Belief and worship were two different things after all. She saw too much in the world, too much pain and misery and yet he just stayed in the heavens. He watched the world crumble. Wars, famine, evil and all he did was send them to Inferno when they’d finished with their life. 

But the punishers were always seen as the bad ones, whereas in the stories they were intended to be testers and tempters to put beside people’s faith. If anything, they were the true workers of the universe. She didn’t necessarily worship them, but she had a different view on them from most folks, so she became a shut-in after moving towns, making sure no one knew who she was.

She remembered the voice that had called out to her at night. One that had cut off multiple times and was extremely strained, as if holding back screams. She remembered exactly what she’d addressed her as as well. 

Yohane.

She had thought it was strange, close enough to her real name, but not quite close enough. It became a moniker to her, until she decided to drop her actual name, because no one truly needed to know it and no one did anyway. As the story between her and her mistress grew, she accepted her and the one in Inferno had in return. Yoshiko was forgotten and Yohane had been officially christened, but most certainly not by God.

As her mind transitioned back to the task at hand, she realised that she had only ever