weakly.

“She looks kinda familiar. Like, really familiar.” Gabriel accused.

“I haven’t finished her yet, I’m using, um, Scarlett Johansson’s face as a template.” Charlie lied.

Gabriel’s eyes widened. “I know who this is!” He exclaimed, “I know who it is!”

Charlie shook her head rapidly, “No, no, no, no, no, no, no!”

“It’s Coach Harvelle!” Gabriel whispered furiously at her.

Charlie covered her eyes with her hands, “No!”

Gabriel raised a perfect eyebrow.“Okay, yes, but, just, what?” She groaned, scrubbing her face with her hands.

“Please don’t say anything. Please.”

Gabriel grinned, “Don’t worry honey, she’ll never know.”

*** 

The next day her art class came in early with knowing looks on their faces.“Don’t worry.” Gabriel told her, “I didn’t say anything about the almost nudes, I just… suggested how cute Miss Charlie Bradbury would be shipped with Coach Jo Harvelle.”

Charlie sighed, as she wistfully shaded in Jo’s hair in the sketch.“So you all ship it now?” She asked, not looking up, knowing Gabriel was focusing his intense gaze on her.

“It’s the class OTP.” Gabriel informed her, looking at his nails and frowning.

“You think turquoise would be a good colour on me?” He asked pulling a couple of nail varnish bottle out his pockets. Charlie frowned.

“No, go for gold or yellow. Also red would suit you. What options do you have?” She asked and Gabriel handed her the nail polish. 

“Hm, turquoise is a no, dark blue maybe… purple would definitely work, but the yellow or this gold would work best.” She pointed out a sunny yellow and a shiny gold.

Gabriel smiled, “Thanks Miss.” He said happily, choosing the sunny yellow and carefully beginning to paint his manicured nails. Charlie smiled as well. It’s wrong to have favourites but it’s hard not to like Gabriel.

She glanced up to see Sam Winchester, the boy who Charlie had placed next to Gabriel for the seating plan, sighing and staring at Gabriel, his paintbrush slipping from his hand and onto his shirt. Charlie pretended not to hear the profanities as she smiled at him. She shipped them so much it wasn’t even funny anymore. Sam didn’t even care about Gabriel’s painted nails and makeup and perfect eyebrows. Charlie knew that they liked each other why couldn’t they just-

The bell rang and Gabriel hopped off her desk.

“See you tomorrow Miss.” He called, sashaying over to his and Sam’s desk to get his bag. Charlie watched them carefully as Sam complimented Gabriel’s eyeliner and said that his shirt was really cool. Charlie grinned as Gabriel smiled and said that he liked Sam’s shoes.

With a quick wink to Charlie, Gabriel swished out the classroom with Sam following him like a small lost puppy. It was literally too cute now, oh Lord Jesus.

***

“Alright class- what? Is there something on my face?” Charlie cringed at the stares she was getting.

“Oh my god.” Madison groaned loudly.

“I’m lost.” Charlie sighed.

“Why can’t you just date the Coach already, Jesus!” Anna shouted and Charlie blushed bright red.

“Um, because I’m too chicken-shit to ask anyone out ever, and also I’m pretty sure the Coach isn’t a lesbian.” She responded matter-of-factly. 

“Miss…” Garth whined, “You know that isn’t true!”

“Anyway, as I was saying, today you’ll be starting your final piece-…”

***

“Miss!” Gabriel came running down the hall.

“Gabriel, what are you doing here? It’s late!” Charlie exclaimed.

“Sam has track on Fridays so…” Gabriel explained and Charlie smiled widely.

“You’ll have to tell me more about that later.” Charlie insisted and Gabriel pouted.

“Yeah okay, whatever you need Miss to get off to your creepy fantasies. Um, I’m actually here with a message. From the Coach.”

Charlie’s eyebrows shot straight up, “Who snitched?” She demanded.

“No one! Seriously it’s just a note, no one would’ve told!” Gabriel defended the class, pushing the note into Charlie’s hands.

“Look, Sam’s big brother and his boyfriend are giving us a ride home so I need to go, but please don’t mess it up.” Gabriel instructed, before running off the way he came.

“Crap.” Charlie groaned, unfolding the note.

Meet up on the bleachers now?

And how could Charlie resist that?

***

When she walked out onto the field she immediately saw Jo’s figure on the bleachers. Rubbing her arms in the chill of the autumn evening, she jogged over to where the Coach was