. They resume walking, turning onto Iron avenue.
"Handsome fella like yourself couldn't find somebody to choke a few beans down with? Guess you're hanging with the wrong crowd."

"That's alright; I've met you." Cas smiles, a sliver of teeth visible on one side. Dean blushes a little, but meets his gaze squarely, reminding himself he's just playing a part.

"Nice meeting you too, Cas, right? I can call you that?"

"Though we've just met, it feels right. That is what everyone calls me, anyway. Anyone who matters, that is."

 Dean smiles, bathing in the indirect compliment; he can't remember the last time he called Castiel by his full name, even when praying to the guy. "So what do you do for a living? You're a fitness type?"

"Hmm... let's just say I am flexible and engage in a wide variety of training."

Chuckling, Dean turns to look at Cas with a raised eyebrow. "Freelancing jack-of-all trades, huh?" Tents start to come into view, visible from a distance, mostly intense white with the scattered colourful tent and streamers.

"It is more impressive sounding than "between jobs." Seemingly, it's literally impossible for Cas to turn off the irony and dry humour.

"Mmm, yeah. You could say I'm that way myself, so we're in the same boat."

"I thought this way a dry county."

"Not at all. There's some kind of Oktoberfest thing going on in the park, too. Though there is Dry creek, we can check it out later if you want."

"I'd like that." They turn down 8th, coming up to the fair. Everything's clustered around the the Smoky Hill Museum, an older rectangular squat grey and brown building—flat as the plains around it—that very obviously used to be a post office. Lots of people are milling about, a good mix of young families, middle-aged people, and people around Dean's age. There seem to be quite a few men around Dean's age, in fact. I wonder if he's come here before? I'll have to ask him later.  

As they get closer, they see quite a few symbols ubiquitous with the sixties, and a couple of performers are playing rock music or folk songs from the same era. "There appears to be a '60s theme this year."

"Huh. I'm more about the '70s, but I ain't gonna' complain. Music was still pretty good, I guess."

 "That it was." Cas hums "hey Jude" in his gravelly baritone as they pick their way among the crowd, looking for the "boiling pot" chili competition. Dean looks over at him sharply, then smiles.

"You're a fan of the Beatles? Guess you're into all that hippy free love shit, huh?"

"Not really... just the one song. I was fond of "Gotta get you into my life" however, until I learned it was about marijuana."

 Dean chuckles, then his face falls as he notes a sign near the food tents: Chili cook-off cancelled. "Awww man, what gives? What the hell, seriously?"

Castiel looks down at his shoes as if he's somehow personally responsible. "We came all this way..." Dean looks up at his friend sharply in warning. Cas, seeing this out of the corner of his eye, looks up, gaze intent. "Let's make the best of it."

"That's the spirit. Can't let a lack of... the reason we came get us down. There's lots of other stuff to check out. Heck, there's even a zoo if that's your thing."

Nodding, Castiel flashes Dean a grateful smile. They kill some time wandering around the various food tents, trying different things, sharing with each-other: Cas making comical faces of dismay at things he doesn't enjoy; Dean laughing his ass off, spraying crumbs and bits of various things everywhere at the sight.

They take in the entertainment: bands, one of which is oddly enough a band from Lawrence; and a couple of clown acts, which Dean has zero shame in taking pictures and video of to terrorize Sam. Cas tries his hand at basket-weaving; his long deft fingers are surprisingly suited to the task, and Dean can't let that pass without making a crack.

 "You ever been to an insane asylum? I hear they do a lot of that there." He stops, eyes going wide and looks deeply uncomfortable. Cas rolls his eyes in reply and puts the bottom of the basket he's started weaving on Dean's head as a hat. With laughter, the awkward moment passes.

 Dean pauses in front of a soap-making exhibit and grins. "Gotta get my fight club on.