said. “Sorry.” Castiel said. After that it got awkward, neither of them knowing what to say. Dean looked Castiel over. He had on usual trench coat, a blue shirt and some black pants. He wanted to stare but, he let his eyes linger on a few certain spots a bit longer. After a second he looked up at Castiel and decided he might as well say something.
“Your wings are beautiful.” Dean says in such a loving tone that you usually wouldn’t hear from him. Castiel had a smile on his face which you never see. “Thank you.” Castiel says biting his lip. Dean gets up and walks until he’s in front of Cas. “Can I see them.. again?” he asked. He wasn’t sure how Castiel would react he just hope he wouldn’t kill him. “You want to?” Castiel asks in a very surprised tone. Dean nods not wanting to talk. “Ok. Step back.” Cas says as he takes off the coat then his shirt. Dean couldn’t help but stare at his abs. After a minute he looked back into Castiel’s eyes
Castiel closed his eyes and relaxed. A minute later his beautiful wings were out. Castiel opens his eyes to find Dean’s mouth agape. “Wow!” is all Dean can say. He slowly steps towards Castiel making sure he doesn’t mind. When he notices Cas doesn’t move he steps closer. Once he is right in front of Cas he slowly extends his arm so he can touch the wing. Cas lets him. As Dean’s hand makes contact Cas closes his eyes. “So soft. So perfect.” Dean says out loud without noticing.
Dean messes with Castiel’s wings for a few minutes. When he looks at Cas’ face he is surprised to see it so red. He smirks and strokes the wings where they seem to come out the most on his back. His eyes brighten when he hears him gasp. Dean looks down and sees a buldge in Castiel’s pants that matches his own. He pulls Cas towards him and makes him look. As Cas looks at him Dean brings Cas’s head down and kisses him.
They kiss as if their lives depend on it. Dean pulls Cas closer and grind their hips together. He smiles when he gets a moan from Cas. Dean uses that to put his tongue in Castiel’s mouth. Their tongues fight for dominance but, Dean’s wins. Castiel takes his hand and runs it over Dean’s shirt. Dean runs his over Castiel’s back towards his ass. As the kiss more passionate and heated Dean some how loses his shirt. They are walking backwards to the bed. “Do you want this?” Dean asks Cas giving him time to say no. “Yes, I’m in love with you!” Cas replies. “I love you to.” Dean says.
Dean is on top of Cas. He is kissing down Cas’s jaw and neck. He runs his runs his teeth over Castiel’s sweet spot making him arch his back. Dean suck on it driving Cas mad. After leaving a huge hickey he kisses down Cas’s check and sucks on his nipples. He then continues to Castiel’s pants and takes them off with his mouth. After kissing over Cas’s buldge Cas’s pulls him up and kisses him hard. Cas then starts taking Dean’s pants off a quick as he can. After Dean’s pants are gone Dean take control again. He pulls both of their boxers off at once. He kisses down Castiel’s chest and then gets on his knees. He teases Cas by licking his dick lightly. Cas is moaning and Dean loves the sound. After he thinks Cas has had enough he takes him in his mouth and sucks lightly. Castiel’s head falls back and he starts moaning. “Dean!” he starts chanting lake a prayer.
Dean could tell Castiel was close when he started to thrust forward. He lets him taking all of him in. “Dean!” Castiel moans as he cums in Dean’s mouth. Dean swallows and gets up. He gets up and and kisses Cas and climbs on top of him. They start kissing. “I want you.” Dean tells Cas and bite his ear lobs very gently. He get a moan. “I’m yours! Need you so bad!” Dean nods and kisses him. As they kiss Dean finds the lube and prepares Cas. “Got to find the condoms.” Dean says after breaking the kiss. “Don’t need them.” Cas says in a breathy voice. Dean nods. He makes sure Cas is fully prepared before asking him is he ready. When Cas says he is Dean nods and pushes in gently. Castiel is ok at first but, then Dean starts seeing pain. “Just relax!” Dean tells him and then kisses him. Once he feels Castiel relax he pushes farther in. He stays still until Cas nods meaning he’s ready.
Dean pulls out then pushes back