put everything into his dancing, making every hip movement pronounced and noticeable, swinging his body, creating curves that weren't necessarily there. By the end of the dance, he had found himself back in reality and suddenly became very serious. 

"I'm not really much into that song.." 

"Damn, Kitten. I knew you were good. But. Damn." Kuroo looked at Kenma as if he were a piece of cake, the hunger showing in his eyes. He gave Kenma that heart-melting half smile and stood up. "Let's practice a few more, alright? We can do some female group dances. Don't underestimate my skills at dancing to EXID." He winked at the shorter man and flipped through a few more songs before finding the ones he wanted to dance to. 

 

After a few hours of dancing, Kuroo and Kenma were too exhausted to do much more. They finally decided to sit down and write out the details to Kuroo's skating routine since that was what they originally got together to do. It took roughly an hour to come up with a solid outline, which was surprisingly quick compared to the two weeks Kenma spent preparing his routine. But it was a good outline. And a great routine.

"Thanks, Kitten. I can't thank you enough for helping me with this. I don't know what I would have done without your help."

Kenma felt proud for being able to help out his cru- friend. His friend. With his skating routine. But of course he brushed it off like it was nothing.

"I had nothing else to do and my routine was already finished. So might as well help you with yours." Kenma sat with his knees drawn up to his chest on the couch, petting his cat beside him. Kuroo was leaned against the arm rest of the couch, looking down at Kenma. 

"Is it too late to ask you for another favor right now?" Kuroo smiled at Kenma.

"No. What is it?"

"The hockey game tonight. I'll need a ride back. While you're there to drop me off, how about you stay to watch? You can get in for free and I'll even make sure you get the seats closest to the rink." 

Kenma waited a moment before replying to think it over. He nodded slowly.

"I guess I'll think about it."

"Better think on the way there then cause I gotta get going." Kuroo spoke, looking down at the watch on his wrist. Pitch black like the shirt he was wearing and his hair.

 Is black his favorite color then?  Kenma's mind started to wander before the cat meowing at his side brought him back to focusing. 

"Ah. I guess we should be getting going then." Kenma grabbed his keys and lead Kuroo back to his car, buckling his seat belt and starting the drive back to the skating rink. 

 

After arriving at the rink, Kenma pulled around front to let Kuroo out. 

"Hey um. Good luck, Kuroo. And be careful. Don't get injured before competition..." Kenma said shyly, attempting to make eye-contact with Kuroo without becoming flustered.

"Thanks, Kitten." Kuroo smirked, leaning close to Kenma, "But...how about a kiss for good luck instead of just a wish? Don't you know kisses work better?"

Looking down at Kuroo's smiling lips, Kenma bit his own.  Fuck I want to kiss him. Shit shit shit. Fuck no, Kenma. Do NOT kiss this insanely hot man. He doesn't mean it. His eye's met Kuroo's once more."Goodbye, Kuroo." 

Kuroo's smile faded for a moment and he genuinely showed signs of disappointment. He pat Kenma's head and got out of the car, taking his bag."See ya, Kenma."

Once the door closed and he watched Kuroo disappear into the building, Kenma smacked his head on his steering wheel.

"Damn, idiot. You just turned down the hottest guy you've ever met. And now he probably thinks you're not interested. Perfect. Fucking perfect." Kenma spoke loudly to himself, stopping only when he heard a car horn honk behind him, and an irritated man pulled a little closer to Kenma's bumper, showing he wanted where Kenma was blocking. He drove off, allowing the angry man behind him to pull forward where he wanted. Kenma sat now by the exit of the parking lot, deciding whether he should go home and sleep or stay to watch.

 

*****

The feeling of the air in the ice rink startled Kenma as it always did. He was shivering with nervousness and anticipation, not from the cold though. He made his way to the bleachers, sitting in a mostly empty area, away from the majority of the people. The match had already started and Kenma's eyes glanced around looking for Kuroo's jersey. #1. He really deserved that after all. Just like that day Kenma first saw Kuroo during an early morning practice, Kenma and