… got me a gift?”

                Jack swallowed the lump in his throat. “Y-yeah.” He cursed his voice as it broke slightly and wondered if his life was a Christmas movie. Nah, there’d be more elves.

                Bruce gently picked up the present and looked at the giant green bow Jack had wrapped around it. The thought of what was in the box brought a blush to his face and he was very glad for the concealer make up he had on could mask it. This was a horrible awful idea and he hated himself a little bit inside. Not even the bit that taunted him this time.

                Because a box containing a black mug with yellow writing saying “World’s Greatest Detective” could be nothing but cheesy and didn’t deserve the look Bruce was giving it. Of course Bruce didn’t know the failure of a gift inside it so. He wasn’t sure he wanted to be there when Bruce finally found out when he opened it.

                His departure suddenly remembered Jack gulped the last of the cocoa before setting the mug back down on the counter. While he wanted to practically flee the house he’d never let Alfred’s work go to waste. Just as he was walking past Bruce to head towards the door and his car, the man looked up and grabbed his arm. “Where are you going?”

                Mind grinding to a halt at the look in those eyes he opened and closed his mouth like a fool. “I- I uh-” God those eyes did things to him. His heart rate picked up and he horrifyingly wondered if everyone could hear how hard it was beating. Knowing Bats’ great hearing he wouldn’t be surprised if they did. No amount of makeup could hide his blush now.

                “If I may sir, dinner will be ready in less than an hour. Perhaps Mister Jack can join us?” Thank Father Christmas for Alfred changing the subject. Though now he’d have no chance of leaving any time soon. He looked over Bruce’s shoulder to see the knowing smile on the butler’s face. His blushed worsened because the old man could see right through him and it terrified him.

                He gave Bruce a smile, hoping that he didn’t look as much of an idiot as he felt. “Sure. Ah, I’ll just… go take off my coat since I’m staying for a bit.” Pointing behind him he turned on his heel and ducked his head down as he went back to the entryway. Hanging up his coat by the door he paused and leaned against the wall with his head. Tempted to just bang his head on said wall he merely let out a deep sigh.

                “What is wrong with me?” he muttered to himself.

                Nothing short of everything, Hoody.

                He scowled deeply and growled at the voice. “Shut up. Shut upshutupshutupshutup!” His breaths were ragged and he knew he’d just worked himself into a state and had to calm himself down. “I won’t let you ruin this. It’s Christmas; don’t I deserve one stress-less vacation? One evening where I’m not being driven insane?”

                Oh Hoody! You say that like you’re not already!

                “Jack?”

                Opening his eyes and moving from his position leaning against the wall he turned to see Bruce standing at the end of the hall. Even from this distance he could make out Bruce’s concerned frown. Smoothing his red dress shirt with his hands Jack attempted to pull himself together. He plastered a plain smile on his face, one that didn’t pull his scars too much.

                “So Brucie, let’s put your gift under the tree!” He paused before adding, “You do have a tree don’t you?”

                Bruce let out a low grunt and motioned for him to follow. On the other side of the kitchen was a large living room. In the far corner was a Christmas tree. Though honestly Jack thought that was a generous description. It was barely six feet tall and had maybe half a dozen ornaments on it and one rope of pale yellow lights wrapped around it. The large crystal star perching atop the tree stood out like a sore thumb with its sheer beauty in contrast.

                “Err… kinda pathetic lookin’ thing ain’t it? I mean- not to be rude or nothing…” He was three seconds away from slapping himself and was cursing his mouth for speaking before thinking. Alfred however saved him from his fate of mortification by chipping in from the entryway to the kitchen.

                “That would be because I did not know Master Bruce even wanted a tree until four days ago.”

                Jack stared at Bruce for a long moment. Then he started giggling. “So the day after you invited me for Christmas you inform poor Alfred you’ll be celebrating it? Should I be touched?”

                The billionaire just folded his arms across his broad chest and glared at the tree. When Jack’s giggling only increased in volume he huffed under his breath. Finally having enough he moved an arm to gesture at the pathetic tree.

                “