load of dirt from the grave.  Dean watches Sam’s shoulders as he works and then adds, “Kind of makes you wish she just left behind some old gloves to burn, doesn’t it?”

“Yeah,” Sam agrees and keeps digging.

Dean watches him a while longer, thinks about the first time he met Sam in that elevator, when he thought Sam might be coming on to him.  Dean wonders if Sam ever expected them to end up here, in a cemetery illegally digging up some corpse that they then plan to salt and burn.

Actually, this is probably exactly what Sam expected.

Dean sits on the edge of their excavation and watches Sam wipe sweat from his forehead.

“You said you had a fiancée?” Dean asks, and this probably isn’t the time for this conversation, but Dean thinks he wants to have it now anyway.

“Yeah,” Sam says.  “I mean, I think so.”

“You think you had a fiancée?”

Sam shrugs.  “Her phone number doesn’t work and two weeks ago I had this dream that she was a werewolf and I had to put a bullet through her heart.  I don’t know.  I don’t really know what I’m supposed to think.”

“That’s just a dream, Sam,” Dean says.  Dean believes that, he does.  Dean’s certainly had his share of fucked up dreams.  Still, it’s a dream that should have Dean second guessing how smart it is to be out here alone in the middle of the night standing in an open grave with someone who has basically just admitted that he’s not entirely sure that he didn’t shoot his former fiancée.  It should start him second guessing, but it doesn’t.

Sam stops digging and stands to his full height, looks down at Dean slouched against the grass.

“I’m not sure she ever existed in the first place,” Sam admits.  He shrugs and pushes his shovel back into the dirt, pulls at his t-shirt where it sticks damp to his side.

Dean doesn’t move even though he knows it’s a mere matter of seconds before Sam will point out Dean’s extended break.  He sits there and stares at Sam’s giant arms, thinks about the things Sam said that day in his office, tries to remember the last time he spoke to his mother, the last time he heard from Jo.

When Sam stops working and stares pointedly at Dean, Dean picks up his shovel and says, “So you really weren’t hitting on me in that elevator?”

Sam sighs.  “I told you I wasn’t.”

Dean nods, still not sure he entirely believes Sam, and resumes digging.

**

Dean groans when his alarm goes off at six, tries not to think about the fact that he’s had maybe two hours of sleep.  He showers quickly, dresses, then walks out of his bedroom to find Sam passed out on his couch, his dirty clothes dumped unceremoniously into a plastic bag nearby.  It was nearly midnight by the time they’d uncovered Janet Teals enough to salt and burn her.  It was well into the early hours of the morning before they’d refilled the grave and gotten out of there.  By the time they pulled up to Dean’s building they were both too exhausted to even think about getting Sam back to his own place.

Sam’s too long for the couch and his feet hang off the end.  Still, he seems comfortable enough and Dean is quiet, makes sure not to wake him.  He leaves Sam a note, letting him know that there is fresh fruit in the fridge and instructions on both the washer/dryer and the shower.  Then Dean slides quietly out the door, locking Sam in behind him.

Dean spends the morning in meetings, downing cup after cup of coffee and trying to pay attention to the numbers being rattled off.  Dean really doesn’t care about the meeting.  He’s busy thinking about the dull ache in his shoulders, the bruise on his thigh that matches the ones around his nose, the way Sam’s face looked pressed to the pillows on his couch.  Dean finds himself wondering if Mabel Wright saw any ghosts last night, and more to the point Dean wonders what he and Sam will find to fight next.

At lunch Dean thinks about Sam’s fiancée, about whether she ever actually existed at all.  He wonders if Sam is actually crazy and then is surprised to discover that he doesn’t really care if it turns out that Sam is.  Sam can think he’s trapped in the wrong life all he wants.  It shouldn’t stop Dean from living this one, and by the time Dean’s finished his salad, he’s pretty sure he plans to live it fighting monsters with Sam Wesson.

Sam calls shortly after Dean has finished his lunch break.

“You’re not gonna like this,” Sam says.

“I’m not going to like what?” Dean asks.  He watches the hallway for Adler, keeps his