is when organizations that should stay hidden in the shadows step into the spotlight. The Avengers aren’t SHIELD but are still too high profile for her liking.

Natasha pauses outside the room to watch Wanda watch Pietro. It’s a sight that’s become more familiar after she joined SHIELD. Usually it was Clint in the bed, aware and conscious, moaning and complaining about when he could be discharged. The few times Natasha had ended up there, she’d woken to Clint’s anxious face or his messy mop of hair asleep at her beside. Initially the worry had chafed at her, dug under her skin, made her want to bring out the sharp points of her knives and scrape it free of her bones. Natasha had been the best of the best. Support teams were one thing. Relying on them to save her life was another.

Something about seeing this now tugged at her. Her already off kilter equilibrium was tilting further. She watches Tony rise and walk toward the door. They exchange glances as he passes. His contemplative look and arched eyebrow the only commentary for now. He returns shortly with two cups of coffee. She takes it in surprise, sipping it as Tony walks back into the room and sets the other cup down on the tray beside Wanda. She doesn’t drink hers.

Natasha watches them a moment longer before she turns away and moves to the small waiting area down the hallway. It’s barely twice the size of the room she just left but it has couches and armchairs. Muted greens and blacks with wood accented armrests. Nondescript, unobtrusive in this place where families have learned news that brought them to their knees or clung to hope that would either devastate them or provide a new lease on life. It was a room of mixed emotions much like Natasha felt herself.

There’s even a television tucked away into the corner. Another grab at a slice of normalcy. It’s turned down low. The images flickering on typical talk show drivel and the annoying ads no one ever paid attention to. She continues to sip absently at her coffee as she moves to one side of the room. The window curtains are pulled back and she can look out onto the skyscraper landscape. They’re sixteen floors up with horrendous sight lines and emergency escapes worth little without a helicopter in the mix. It’s the low level chatter in the back of her mind that lets her know she’ll be okay in the end. Some things she can’t turn off and the comfort of their familiarity lets her know this will pass like everything else in her life has.

The footsteps that pause at the doorway before coming to join her in her surveillance of the outside world are familiar. It’s Tony’s polished trend. His hands are tucked into his pockets and he rocks on his heels for a moment. She wonders what he has to say. He’s never quiet, not for long. For Tony Stark silence is a thing to be broken. Remade in the form of words or arguments or anything in between. She lets it go on longer. She’s not in the right frame of mind to be unspooling the tangle of his quicksilver thoughts.

He’s quiet for longer than she expects. Impeccably dressed as always. High end dark grey slacks paired well with a deep blue button up shirt then topped with a suit jacket that matches his slacks. Aside from the rimless gold framed sunglasses that’re currently tucked into his breast pocket, and she knows are a personal gift from a friend, Tony’s rather sedately dressed for the day.  She glances at him out of the corner of her eye. He smiles slightly.

“She’s asleep.”

“Unsurprising. I doubt either of them slept much, if at all in the preceding days.”

Tony hmms in response. “And what about you?”

“What about me?” Natasha focuses her gaze back out the window.

“You have to resort to that plan often? Or is it something about the Avengers?”

Natasha goes still with the cup of coffee pressed to her lips. It’s unsurprising Tony would figure it out. It’d be more surprising if he hadn’t. She expects the others have already figured it out or will in time. She shrugs and finally takes her sip.

“Ah, back to not talking to me, are we?” At the lack of a response, he continues. “That’s okay. I’m used to filling in the silences. I’ve had plenty of practice.”

Natasha lets the corner of her mouth curl up into a smirk. Ah yes, that revelation about Tony’s surprisingly long lived, long distance romantic entanglement had delighted her for days.

“Of course talking about him earns me a reaction out of you.” She can hear the affront in his voice. “He wants me to remind you to stay out of his city, by the way.”

“He can tell me himself if he’s that concerned.” Her coffee’s nearly empty. She hadn’t tasted much of it. Just