. His colour is even worse now, his lips practically purple and he looks (like he's dying) really really bad.

What are you going to tell Joanna?

Jim breathes in and out twice, slowly, and then reaches for the medkit.

"Okay. Tell me what to do."

* * *

The first time they have sex, they're both a little drunk. Not so drunk that they'll be able to blame it on the alcohol the next morning, but enough to make the way their shoulders brush against each other as they walk back to the dorm feel natural, feel good. It makes Jim want more.

They've been roommates for almost two years. Living together, studying together, eating together, so close that it sometimes feels like they're two halves of the same person. Had it been anyone else than Bones, Jim would probably have made a move long ago, but he's been hesitating. His relationships always seem to be over before they even start, and he desperately wants this friendship to last.

Theoretically, it's possible to have a friendship with added benefits, Jim knows. He's just never been able to make it work. In the end, someone always ends up wanting more. He's a little scared that the someone might be him this time.

He doesn't want to think about all the nights he's been lying awake, listening to Bones' soft snoring, wondering what would happen if he was to get out of bed and crawl in beside Bones, touch and kiss and tease and explore, get beneath that gruff exterior and find the warm, passionate man Bones tries so hard to keep hidden.

Jim has always been an explorer, always with that need to test the limits and find out what lies beyond. This is one of the few times he's held back.

But tonight is different for some reason. Bones is loose and relaxed for a change and he's been smiling a lot tonight, that rare honest smile that's open and happy and beautiful. His hair is a little mussed and his eyes are bright and it's so good to see him enjoying himself after all the weeks he's spent working himself into the ground.

And Jim wants. He wants to draw this moment out forever, wants to make Bones feel good, keep that smile on his face for a little longer.

He probably wouldn't have done it if he'd been completely sober, but he still knows what he's doing. Before the door has closed behind them, Jim backs Bones up against the wall. Fond amusement flashes over Bones' face, he opens his mouth like he's about to say something. Jim reaches out for him, puts a hand on the back of his neck and pulls him close for a kiss.

There's a moment of surprised hesitation, a sudden tenseness to Bones' body against Jim's. Then Bones relaxes and kisses him back, letting his hands slide up to cup Jim's face, calloused fingers warm and strong against his cheeks.

Bones is a good kisser, just like Jim knew he would be. He could do this forever, get lost in the sensation of their tongues sliding together, slow and delicious and safe. But he's getting hard against Bones thigh and it's not enough, he still wants more.

Jim goes to his knees, presses his palms against Bones' thighs, feels the warm strong muscle through the fabric of his pants. He notices the bulge between Bones legs and grins to himself, pleased to see that he's not the only one who wants this.

"Jim," Bones says, his voice suddenly very young and uncertain. "We shouldn't do this, it's a bad idea."

He licks his lips, looks up at Bones and says, "I want to. Please."

Time freezes for a moment, tension and want and need so strong in the air that Jim is almost able to smell it. Bones eyes are wide and dark and he swallows hard and Jim knows that he won't say no because Bones never does.

"Yeah, okay."

Jim smiles and leans forward.

It's a bit surprising to find that the friends-with-benefits thing actually seems to work. It doesn't happen often; a few times every month maybe. When Jim hasn't been able to score on a night out and comes back to their room tense and frustrated, in need of release. When Bones looks particularly tired and in need of some cheering up. When they're bored and can't think of anything better to do. It's always good, uncomplicated and easy, no mind-games or similar emotional messes.

But Jim can't help waiting for the other shoe to drop. When has he ever had something that he didn't manage to destroy?

* * *

By the time Spock and Sulu finally come to the rescue, Jim doesn't have energy for anything else than a glare and a