all around flow. Also, there were two drafts and some things happened differently in the original. So, here are some facts that didn't make it in there.

1. Benny borrowed his suit from Charlie, who knew a guy who could supply one. So, Charlie was more like a middle man. 

2. I actually imagined Sam dressed like 2014 Lucifer. But that's like ...Lucifer. So, I didn't write it in because that was totally not romantic. (Notice the "brought us here" line. I imagined it with the same pause before here as "Always end up here." line because I'm odd)

3. Becky demanded that she and Chuck only hold one rose because their love makes them one. Sam decided to include Don despite the fact that Jessica didn't know him well because of this.

4. Castiel was, in the original draft, supposed to tell Raphael off. Thus making Balthazar say "Cousin, this may seem a bit incestuous, but that was hot." Unfortunately, the original draft was lost when my computer decided to shut down and the auto save betrayed me. As I wrote, it didn't seem to go with the flow anymore and there were so many players. Dean also says very little compared to the original.

5. In the original: Benny had also had a longer more heated argument with Raphael and demanded more adamantly that he say he was sorry.

6. Sam paid the secretary 200 bucks to stand out with a rose. Dean thought that was ridiculous but Sam said it was a good investment.

7. Sam got the idea at a health food store. The older lady at the cash register was watching an Asian drama that showed a man proposing in a similar method. He didn't become a random romantic overnight.

8. Jessica met Crowley at the Roadhouse. He frequents there to harass his cousin, Meg. He's usually there with his girlfriend, Lilith. Lilith wasn't invited for the reason Sam just despises her. He doesn't even know why.

9. Benny and Balthazar talked a bit where Balthazar confirmed that he is mainly gay. (I say mainly gay and not bisexual because Balthazar doesn't say he is attracted to ladies on their own. He's just not one to deny them if they came in the package with a guy but without a guy he doesn't tend to be interested in women at all.)  Benny says he never thought anything of it because he doesn't care what people do with their private lives. (I may reference it in later chapters but there you go)

10. Castiel's mother still loves her ex husband and vice versa. Mr. Milton misses Castiel terribly. He was his favorite next to Lucifer despite not being his child. In the original draft, Gabriel refers to Lucifer as Lucy and when Dean says "She" he corrects him. Dean is caught off guard and has no idea what to do with that information. lol

Just FYI and because it will be Valentines Day! :D

Meg was happy things have calmed down in the apartment building. After her showdown with the trickster, he hadn't harassed her anymore. She was surprised to see the golden eyed man. He was taller than her and a little meatier than she had expected. He was slender but he wasn't a shrimp. She had pictured him being more troll looking. It wasn't that he was good looking or anything. He was just better than she imagined.

 Regardless of his looks, he was clearly insane. When she had entered his apartment, she admitted she was impressed. The man was loaded. His floors were marble, he had the hugest TV she had ever seen, enough game systems to start his own arcade. In fact, he had his own arcade. It was enough to make her downright envious. Then there was his blatant lack of care for the price of things. He had a statue of David reproduction in his living room that he used for target practice. The arrows attached to the statue had suckers instead of sharp heads. The lights were dim and when she entered the room, he put on some strange slow music. A disco ball came out from the ceiling above. As mentioned before, he was clearly insane. 

 He started off trying to offer her wine. When she refused, he only smiled at her. He tried his best to win her over. He was trying to get her to let go of her anger towards him. As if that was going to happen! The night ended with her pouring the very expensive wine bottle all over his head. The man had the audacity to look surprised while she stormed out. What a creep.

 She was glad he finally understood where they stood. She was getting tired of his weird letters to her. He would spout some sweet nonsense and the next thing she knew there were raw eggs in her hair. Did the man have a split personality? He thought he could say some poetry and she'd fawn over him? She wasn't