zipper half-way down and his ass clenching furiously around the plug. "Dean here is about two seconds away from creaming his pants and did you know," she leaned in just as Dean reached them. He pressed in close and shit, Mr. Novak wasn’t pushing either of them away. "He’s wearing a butt plug. You could just, I dunno, bend him over and slide in. Fuck him over the desk, easy as pie."

Dean groaned deeply at her words and pressed closer, grinding his hips against Mr. Novak’s. "Fucking please." He whimpered against the older man’s neck. "Want you so bad, Cas. Have wanted you for so long." He drew out the last word and fuck yes, he felt a twitch in Mr. Novak’s pants.

"Y-You’re just children."

"Legal now, Mr. Novak." Rhonda answered calmly and Dean could feel her stepping back. He barely registered it but felt the cold air where her warm body had been.

"Students, you’re my—"

"Graduating, Mr. Novak."

"Please fuck me, Cas." Dean moaned wantonly and pressed impossibly closer. "Can’t take it, want your hard dick inside me."

"Mr. Winchester—"

"Come on, Mr. Novak." Rhonda said and Dean could hear that she had moved even further away. He nosed desperately along Mr. Novak’s taut neck. "We’re all consenting adults here and don’t lie now, I’ve seen you watching Dean."

Mr. Novak went rigid and Dean wanted to ask Rhonda about that because seriously, he hadn’t ever noticed it and he wanted details, damnit!

"I… I wouldn’t…"

"Knew you wouldn’t do anything on your own, though." Rhonda continued, still sounding very calm and Dean envied her. He felt like he was going to burn up. "And definitely knew it wouldn’t be worth trying anything before we were legal so here we are." She was suddenly very close to them again but not touching. Mr. Novak was trembling. "And here you are." She grinned lecherously.

"Is it true, Cas?" Dean breathed against Mr. Novak’s neck. "You been watching me? Thinking about my tight ass?" he gripped the lapels on Mr. Novak’s stupid tweed jacket. "Have you been touching yourself thinking about me?"

Mr. Novak closed his eyes for the shortest moment and Dean nearly came. He made a chocked off sound as Rhonda giggled by their side.

"Have fun, boys." She said and half-danced away.

Dean would have to come up with a way to thank her later, at the moment he was too caught up in trying to remove Mr. Novak’s clothes as fast as possible. The older man was still stiff but Dean could hear how ragged his breathing was becoming.

"Door." Dean pressed out and Rhonda laughed again.

"I got it, sweetie."

By the time she had closed the door behind her and left them alone, Dean had already managed to divest Mr. Novak of his jacket and ripped his pants open.

"Dean." Mr. Novak pressed out and put his hands on Dean’s wrists.

Dean shuddered at hearing his name in that gravelly voice. "What is it, baby?" he mumbled and continued with undressing Mr. Novak, unbecoming of the man’s hands. Weren’t like they were trying to stop him.

"Are you sure about this? It seems like an extremely bad idea."

"Rhonda’s got the door." Dean breathed and plopped down on the floor when he finally got Mr. Novak’s pants out of the way.

"That wasn’t what I was talking about."

Dean looked up as he hooked his fingers over the hem of Mr. Novak’s white boxers. "I want you so fucking bad I can barely breathe but if you don’t want this you better push me away, I don’t want this to be rape." Dean fixated Mr. Novak with his eyes, laying it on thick in that one look. "Now or never, Cas."

Mr. Novak gulped and stared into Dean’s eyes for a moment that felt like an eternity. Then he let go of Dean’s wrists and Dean wasted no time interpreting the gesture. He simply ripped the man’s boxers down and fucking mewled at what he saw.

Mr. Novak was already hard, his dick long and thick, and fucking hell, his balls were so fat and heavy. They hung like a goddamn price right in Dean’s face and he couldn’t resist leaning in and nuzzling them. Mr. Novak made a surprised sound and his hips jerked. Dean put his hands on them, not to restrict but just because he wanted to. Because he could.

"Fuck, Cas, your balls’re so fat."

"D-Dean." Mr. Novak stammered and actually fucking put a