next night he’s out there all over again. There’s never any recuperation time for the guy." Liam gushes. Now Zayn has a genuinely warm smile on his face and he's absolutely endeared with the boy before him. Liam shakes his head. "That much physical abuse would really backfire on him. Not to mention how messed up his sleeping patterns would be from being up all night and sometimes in the day. It must suck in away. Wouldn't last too long in reality, yea?" Liam looks back up at Zayn, smiling and flushed. 

Zayn has his head propped up on the counter with his arm and he's smiling absently. Liam smiles back and Zayn can't take his eyes off of Liam. The way he talks so fluently about the things he loves and just the smile on his face is so...real.

Zayn snaps himself out of it and takes out his wallet when another man comes from the register next to Liam's. "Payne! Quit your flirting and get to work! You knob." the man (also in an elf costume, with tights possibly way too tight for him, Zayn thinks as he cringes in his head.) "Sorry, Nick, but I wasn't-." "Work." Nick says and switches shifts with another worker. 

"That'll be 42.50 pounds, mate." mumbles Liam as he hands Zayn the bag of toys. Zayn takes out /Louis'/ card and swipes it. Liam rips his recipe out of the register and hands it to Zayn. Zayn smiles, because Liam's embarrassment is the cutest thing ever, and Liam smiles back. "Have a good day, Liam." Zayn says ans he grabs his things and heads out of the door. "You too." Liam says.

~o~

"You didn't get your sisters' gift," Louis frowned as Zayn walked through the door with the bag of toys. "Goin' back tomorrow." Zayn mumbles through a smile. 

"You met someone." Louis lean against the wall and smiles. Zayn plops himself on their couch and flickers through the television. He shrugs and settles for some reality show about american models. Louis lets out a little 'hmmph' and gets up from his spot on the wall. Zayn's view of the television is now being blocked by a flustered Lou with his arms crossed. "You aren't as great of a window as you think you are, Louis."

"Zayn." Louis sounds annoyed that Zayn is ignoring him. Zayn is smiling at this point. "Yes, Lou?" "Who is he?" Zayn smiles even wider thinking about Liam. "Met him at the toy shop." Zayn says smiling and fidgeting with his hands. "Tell me about him." Louis shuts the television off and takes a seat next to Zayn. And so Zayn does tell him.

"He's got the cutest and biggest brown eyes ever, Louis." Zayn is smiling so hard that Louis is sure it'll splint in two. "And his smile is so cute. His eyes scrunch up and he looks so warm and it's adorable. Oh my god, Louis. He was wearing tights. Tights, Lou. Oh, and he loves batman. Told me 'bout him. And he's just so-perfect." Zayn sounds so excited when he's talking about Liam. Louis pats Zayn on the shoulder and sighs. 

"Young Love." Louis shakes his head as he gets up to make some food. "Is Harry coming over for dinner?" Zayn turns his body in the couch so he's facing the kitchen to talk to Louis. Louis let's out a small groan. "Nope. He's got to work Niall's shift at the pub." Louis has a small frown on his face. "Young Love." Zayn mocks. 

"You gonna talk to that boy tomorrow?" Louis fixes himself a sand which and a glass of wine and walks back over to the couch. "'Course! I can't let him go, man. Perfect, I tell you." Zayn steals a bite out of Louis' sand which and Louis nods. "Good. Get his number, mate. Bring him over. Date him. Hell, have sex with him and put a ring on that. Don't care. Just want you to be happy." Louis shakes Zayn's shoulder again.

These are the times Zayn is glad to have Louis as his best friend. Louis can be an absolute goof when he wanted to, but he sure as hell can make a good cup of tea and cheer Zayn up in the worst situations. Even when Zayn lost his job last winter and couldn't find another. Louis made sure they had extra pizza and ice cream stored in the fridge, along with magazine ads for local business in need of emploment.

Zayn laughed and the two lie sprawled out onto the couch watching Cake Boss and throwing pieces of bread at each other.

~o~

Zayn walked into the toy shop again the next morning,