unmade bed.

“Good morning, Mei!” Hana said through a yawn.

An angry moan that sounded suspiciously like “go away” was all the answer she got.  Hana had a small laugh.  Her new friend was definitely not a morning person.  Hopping past Mei’s fuzzy slippers, she headed to the communal bathroom down the hall.  A cold shower would hopefully be enough to remove the haze of sleep from her mind.  The hall around her was surprisingly quiet, considering all her classmates were staying behind its doors.  She reasoned that most of them were probably still in bed.  She smiled, glad for the privacy.  Her grin instantly vanished as she walked into the showers. 

The place looked like a gym locker room.  Before her were two benches, each with space allocated under them, most likely for storage.  Further back was a large empty space, save for the shower heads sparingly hanging from the walls, as well as a few soap dispensers here and there.  No curtains or divisions of any kind in sight.  Hana sighed.  So much for privacy.

She quickly undressed, packed her clothes under a bench, and turned on the closest shower head, intent on finishing her cleaning routine before anyone has the chance to come in.   It took a few minutes, but she eventually relaxed under the shower’s steady spray.  It was then of course that the perky British girl from her class barged into the room.  She was wearing an old bathrobe and seemed much too glad to see her.  Hana had to fight every instinct not to run to cover herself. 

“Cheers, love!” chirped the girl.   She disrobed and stepped under showerhead next to Hana’s.  “How’s the water this morning?”

“Steady pressure,” were the only words she could muster, taken aback by the girl’s attitude.  How anyone could be this comfortable in the nude, she had no idea.

As she turned the hot water nob, she extended her right hand to Hana, seemingly unbothered by the water splashing her face.  “I’m Lena, by the way.  It’s nice to meet ya!”  Hana shook her hand.  “I’m Hana,” she responded, a nervous laugh escaping her lips as she did.

“What’s so funny?” Lena inquired as she grabbed soap from one of the dispensers. 

“It’s just…  This is a very weird way to meet someone don’t you think?”

“Aw, rubbish!  We’re gonna be together for the next few years, might as well get it all out in the open.”  Lena smiled, and Hana couldn’t help but do the same.  Her positive attitude was terribly contagious. 

“You make a good point, Lena.”

The rest of their time in the showers was spent sharing the reasons for their invitations to join Overwatch.  Lena was apparently one of the best fighter pilots in the world.  She’d been invited to the school before, but had always refused, wanting to stay somewhere she could fly as often as possible.  It wasn’t until a mysterious illness incapacitated her that she’d finally agreed to join.

“It affects my lungs,” she’d said, pointing at her chest.  “Most of the time I have to wear this clunky thing around my bra that keeps them working right, or they’ll just give out.”  Her smiled had disappeared for a brief moment, before reappearing just as quickly.  “Thankfully, it gives my shirt some flattering illusions,” she’d said with a laugh.

The sickness stopped Lena from flying as often, but would “never stop her from fighting”, as she put it.  She would become a true hero, lungs working or not.

 

When Lucio first stepped into the cafeteria, his eye was immediately drawn to the tables, all ten of them, each covered with toasted frozen waffles.  Dozens and dozens of frozen waffles, all prepared the exact same way.  It was kind of impressive, really. None of the present agents payed much attention to this phenomenon as they filled the high ceiling room with happy chatter, all seemingly enjoying their delicious if not slightly redundant breakfast.

Lucio scanned the room, looking for a place to sit.  He eventually spotted a table where sat several students he recognized from homeroom.  He headed in their direction.

“Hello, hello!” he greeted, sitting down in one of the empty seats. Before him sat a girl with dyed hair and freakishly long nails.  Beside her was a jittery blond guy who, weirdly enough, was missing an eyebrow.  It looked like it had been burnt off.  Lucio recognized them both from the day before. 

“Hey there,” waving her fingers in greeting.  “You’re Lucio, right?  I’m Sombra, and that’s Jaime.”

“G’day!”

“Uh, hi!” answered Lucio.  “So. What’s with all the waffles?” he inquired, grabbing one as he spoke. 

“We were just talkin’ about that!” exclaimed Jaime, his mouth full of dough.

“We figure it’s because were our location