... no... it couldn't be true. In all they had done together, Javert had shown no more fear or shame than he had. He had touched Valjean without a hint of disgust, with admiration even, in his eyes, and afterward shown no regret. He had not been ashamed of that, why then was he ashamed of this? Valjean thought of Javert's words I wish I could be what you deserve. I don't know what you mean thought Valjean helplessly. He turned his face to Javert."I don't understand."

Javert barked out a harsh laugh "Of course you don't, why should you?" he said quietly but angrily. Valjean was not certain if the words or the frustration were meant for him."I don't understand it myself. I wouldn't expect you of all people to." he sighed and ran his fingers over his head, straightening his hair. 

"At Toulon, I never paid attention to the individual prisoners. I did my job, I kept order, I saw to it that the rules were obeyed. I had no reason to see any of the prisoners as indviduals unless they were being singled out to be punished. But your strength, it was extraordinary. I couldn't help but notice you. I couldn't admire you, I didn't see you as a person enough for that, but I admired your strength, and I... I desired you."

Valjean listened to Javert relating in a low, steady voice and was unsure as to what to feel about this confession. He had of course known that Javert had not truly seen him as human in Toulon. He knew that very few people would ever think of convicts like him as more than beasts, and he was almost numb to that familiar sting. The fact that Javert could see him as a man now was a precious gift. A little surprising was the fact that Javert could desire the man he had been in Toulon. But he had known that Javert was attracted to his strength. He waited quietly as Javert continued.

"I used to watch you. I watched you as you worked, I watched as you lifted heavy loads, I watched the way your muscles moved under your skin. And I fantasised about you, about your strength. I fantasised about... about you taking me, about being overpowered, overwhelmed by your strength. I was base, everything I had never wanted to be, filled with lust. I was careful to never let it show, I never let it affect my work of course, I didn't let it affect me at all, not in the light of day. But at night in my bed I would think of bending, of being bent to your strength and..." Javert broke off and turned away, seemingly unable to complete that sentence. He took a breath and continued, "I thought of you less often when you left Toulon, I was relieved you had been released, but then I learned that you had broken your parole. I was torn, there were parts of me that cared nothing for the law that day. I wanted you to escape so that I would never have to see you again, I wanted you to be caught so that I might watch you always. I was a beast, I cared little for right or wrong, and nothing at all for you." Javert spoke this last as though it was the greatest sin he could conceive of.

"Javert" Valjean said softly, not sure what to say.

Javert continued as though he had not been interrupted, getting a little faster and more agitated. "When I saw you again in Montreuil-sur-mer, of course, though there was a certain familiarity to you, I did not recognise you immediately. My  attraction to you grew quite naturally. Your intellegence, your manner, and you were physically.... Well, in my fantasies, the memory of you in Toulon became replaced by the reality of you in Montreuil-sur-Mer. And in the beginning I had no idea you were the same man. I felt a terrible guilt because you were my superior, and a man whom I greatly respected, and you should not have been the subject of my ridiculous fantasies. I told myself that at least my desire was nothing like my thoughts of you in Toulon. There was still... submission... a desire to bend, but there was no violence in my thoughts at that time. You know well that I eventually became suspicious because of your strength, and because I believed your kindness to be an act, a show put on to deflect suspicion. I was angry because the very things which attracted me to you were the things which made me suspicious, not just your strength, but your kindness and your quiet manner, your natural authority."

From amidst the indecipherable turbulance of Valjean's emotions, emerged a strange sliver of nostalgia at Javert's description of  Madeleine. Natural authority it had never felt all that natural to him, he had always felt a subtle but profound uneasiness as the Mayor of Montreuil-sur-mer, yet it was true