his courage, taking a breath. “So,” He starts, turning his chair to look at Keith. “You’ve been… Anxious lately. Got any reasons why?”

 

His body guard almost looked offended, as if he were the master of concealing emotions. It only took a few more moments of Lance’s tired staring for the other male to crack. Keith looked at Lance’s feet, as they were apparently much more interesting than Lance’s own face; if the Prince weren’t so emotionally drained already, he would have taken great offense to that. But for now, he just watched Keith patiently, letting him take his time. He knew that the other was the best at voicing his emotions.

 

“I…” Keith starts, mouth twisting as he shook his head slightly and started again. “A few things, I guess. The-The war, for one. I know the King tells us that it will be over soon, but, it just seems to get  worse.  I’m scared that I won’t be able to keep you safe if something were to happen. And-And I-” Keith stops, sighing harshly out of his nose. Lance took the moment to absorb what he’d said. Keith was worried for  him.  Not his own life, but  Lance’s. Sure, keeping him alive was kind of in the job description, but Keith seemed to care so deeply for him. There was a struggle of emotions on Keith’s face, so Lance decided to give him a break and speak of his own struggles.

 

“I’m scared too,” He says softly, getting Keith’s attention. “Not just for myself, or for you, or for my family. But for the common people. Those who don’t have guards stationed out side of their homes to protect them in an emergency. Sure, our guards will go running to protect them but… What if something happens? What if- What if they wake up one morning, and the world around them is  burning? ” Lance chokes up a bit, taking a breath before continuing to talk. “I know they’re scared and anxious. They’re not oblivious either. Sitting up here used to not be so lonely during the day; there used to be kids playing on the beach or near the cliffs or in the juniberry field, and their voices would drift here- but it’s been silent lately, and what hurts more is I know why.

 

“Our citizens are  preparing  for the war, something they should never be doing. But there’s noone there to reassure them everyday. Father doesn’t let us  fucking leave  in order to reassure our townspeople,” His quiet speaking had turned slightly angry, frustrated tears drifting down his face. “I can’t imagine waking up to a war on my doorstep. I’ll be safe and sound in this damned castle with you at my door, protecting me while those who cannot protect themselves die. I-I  hate this. I hate this stupid war and this stupid castle.” Lance’s frustration melted into sadness, heavy tears moving down his face. He felt dumb almost, admitting this to his personal guard, but he needed this; his chest, albeit heavy with sadness, already felt lighter.

 

Keith sat still, frozen in his spot. He no doubt had never seen Lance such an emotional mess, and had a hard enough time dealing with his own emotions. An apology was on the Prince’s lips when Keith stood, sitting next to him in the floating loveseat. Lance felt an arm around his shoulders, and almost automatically his body curled towards the other’s, head resting on his guard’s shoulder. “It sucks,” Keith admits softly, voice low and fond. “I don’t like it either, but I guess it’s easier for me to ignore since I’m focused on you.”

 

Lance sniffed, huffing out a breath. “As if I’m interesting enough to think about all the time.”

 

“You are though,” Keith said, honesty dripping from his voice. “You manage to still be so kind to everyone during the war, you’ve managed to make everyone smile lately, and it’s so nice seeing the people around us relax in anyway. Not to mention you’re the  Prince  , and you’re handsome, and just so  interesting. I-I don’t know how else to say it.”

 

“ Interesting, he says,” Lance jokes lightly, laughing softly. “I’m glad agree with me on my handsomeness. I am quite beautiful.”

 

This draws a chuckle out of his usually stoic guard, and he feels Keith’s head shake slightly. “I really mean it. Lately I’ve found myself…  enamoured  with you. It’s probably… inappropriate for me to feel such a way towards you but… It’s been eating at me. I wanted you to at least know how I feel about you, you know?” Keith let’s