re really talented you know." Liam flashed his smile at Zayn before turning back to the wall, still gazing with so fascination.

Zayn didn't know what to say. No one had ever really bothered with his artwork. He would come home and spend hours drawing in his room but keep it hidden to himself. One year, for his anniversary with Perrie, he had made her a picture of them two together. She said it was "good" and hung it up on her wall in her room but didn't say much else. This was the first time someone had ever shown any appreciation for Zayn's work before. It was new to him.

"Thank you," He finally mustered up, realizing it had been a good minute of silence. "And yeah back at my old school we studied a color wheel, the colors across from it usually were the best pairing."

"Opposites attract." Liam offered with a grin. He took a step back and scanned his eyes over Zayn's wall before giving an approving nod. "Makes sense. You should draw me something sometime. If you want. Maybe you could make me my own batman doodle," Suddenly Liam's eyes practically bulged out of his head, he looked like he had the worlds greatest idea. Better than trademarking burger boy. "You should draw me AS batman! Imagine how amazing that would be! Not even joking here that would be a dream come true. A childhood dream of mine would be made" 

Zayn was a bit taken back when Liam began to shout, he hadn't had to many experiences with excited shouting, happy shouting. It was a pleasent experience. He settled on the idea that everything Liam does it was be happy. 

"That could be fun, yeah. I could use more practice drawing realistic people." Zayn offered.

"You do you mean you could use more practice? You're mad, look at the work you've done before!" Liam gestured to the wall yet again. "You're a pro. I would really appreciate man, I'd hang it up right here," He walked to his side of the room and smacked the wall located next to his bed. "right there, right in the center for everyone to see. We'll make our room into your own mini art gallery."

Zayn laughed but then realized Liam wasn't joking. Of course that wasn't going to happen but he didn't want to kill the fire in Liam's eyes. He didn't want to be the reason for Liam's smile to shrink  down, he didn't want to hurt him.

"Yeah, we'll do that." Zayn finally agreed.

"What's your last name? Mine's Payne by the way. Liam James Payne is my full name." Liam was still as giddy as a child. Eye's still blazing. Smiling still shining.

"Malik. Zayn Javadd Malik, that's my full name."

"The Malik Art Gallery," Liam said after a moment of what appeared to be some seriously difficult thinking. "We're going to have some fun, you and I." 

Thank you to everyone who has read the first couple of chapters! Feedback would be greatly appreciated :) also every hit and every kudo makes my day so thank you once again for reading! It means alot.Please leave me any suggestions, as said before I'd love some feedback. Comments, compliments or critisism is welcomed :)


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Tap, tap, tap Zayn tapped his pen against the desk. A few of his classmates turned to give him annoyed glances, which made him settle his pen down against the desk. Too bad he couldn't settle himself down. 

He found himself in the middle of the room, he thought that if he showed up earlier he could get a seat in the back of the class but much to his disappointment many other first year students had the same idea. So now he was twenty minutes early for class with about a dozen other nervous wrecks. The only bright side to this situation was that he knew he had no problem fitting in with this group.

Glancing around the lecture hall, he saw a blackboard straight ahead, many open seats further up in the class and a desk that undoubtedly belonged to the professor. 


Keep your head down, pay attention, take notes and study. 


This was his philosophy and it got him all through his school days, it got him through unnoticed, but he made it out on the other side with high enough marks to get a scholarship that would provide him to do this same at this university.

"Do you have an extra one of those?" 

Zayn snapped out of his trance, he didn't realize that he had been staring at the blackboard or that he had once again begun to smack his pen against his desk. He also hadn't realized that a girl had sat in front of him and was now talking to him.

"Sorry?" Zayn could feel his face flush,