warm, genuine smile on Nico’s face made her heart skip a beat. Then -- in a widely successful attempt to make everything infinitely worse -- she followed up with: “You know; I really missed you, Maki-chan.”



Maki could practically feel her face burst into flames. She was surprised Nico had said something embarrassing like that so simply. Or was she? It was very... 

Nico

 of her. She opened her mouth to speak, but Nico held up a finger as if to say she wasn’t quite finished.



“I mean it. It’s been too long since we’ve been able to spend time together like this, just the two of us,” Nico continued. She laughed again, but it was more sheepish than before. “Which 

may

 have made me feel like being a little bit selfish today. Sorry about that. But Maki-chan should know better than anyone else just what she does to me!”


That last part sure didn’t do any favors for Maki’s brain function. “I-I-I,” she sputtered; her mouth moving before her brain could step in and properly put a stop to it. “I… I actually really missed you, too, Nico-chan,” she admitted, eyes focused on the wall behind Nico. She could still feel the heat in her face.

“Oh, be still Nico-Nii’s beating heart!” Nico cried, clutching her chest. “Nico almost forgot how cute Maki-chan could be! How nice!”


Aaaaand now Maki was even more embarrassed. “Shut up! 

This

 is why it’s so hard to be honest with you!” Maki huffed, crossing her arms and turning her body to face the club room door. “I can’t say anything without you endlessly teasing me about it!”



“You know, it might 

just

 be harder to tease you about being honest if it was a more regular thing.”


“Somehow I doubt that.”

“Nico’s serious!”


“I doubt 

that

 even more.”


Nico’s mouth opened like she meant to say something, but she closed it back and sighed. “No, no; I kind of walked right into that one so you can have it. But really, Maki -- if you were more honest with me then I wouldn’t have to sit here and bare my soul to you just to get so much as a response. It’d be easier on both of us.”

“Like I said: it’s not just that easy!” Maki argued; still avoiding eye contact. She didn’t know when she’d started playing with her hair again.

“Maybe it would be easier if you had more time to practice.”

Maki slowly turned toward Nico again. “What are you suggesting?”


Nico scoffed. “Come on, Maki; it’s not rocket science. Though, honestly, even if it 

was

 I’d be surprised if you didn’t get it. What I’m suggesting is that we get together like this more often, just you and me -- like we used to! That way 

you

 can practice being honest and 

I 

can practice not teasing you for it!”


Maki hesitated, not sure how to think about what any of that might imply. “I don’t know, Nico-chan.”

“What do you mean? Are you telling me you don’t want to spend more time with the lovely Super Idol Nico-Nii?” Nico asked, her bottom lip jutting out in a very exaggerated pout.


“I mean; not really,” Maki replied, shrugging. “I’d prefer the slightly less obnoxious Yazawa Nico, if I’m really being honest here.” 

Doing better already! Maybe! 

“But that’s not what I meant. You have your college stuff to do and I have my own schooling to think about. We can’t just blow that off to hang out.”



“Ha!” Nico barked out a laugh, confidently crossing her arms. “You could do 

your

 stuff in your sleep; and compared to when I had to juggle schoolwork and taking care of my brother and sisters this whole college thing is a cinch!”


“But before, didn’t you say -- “

“Never mind what I said ‘before,’ Maki-chan!” Nico interrupted, once again pointing her finger right in Maki’s face. “Listen to what I’m asking now! Do you, or do you not, want to spend more time with me? And remember: be honest!”

Maki didn’t really want to seem it; but already had her answer. “Yes. I do. Spending more time with you sounds very nice. As long as you promise not to be such a pain all the time.”

Nico grinned widely and triumphantly. “I will do no such thing!”

An alarm on Maki’s phone went off and both girls’ eyes were drawn to the screen. The display showed that it was already five o’clock. How long had they been talking? She would have to head