But you.” Dean looked away now with a very flushed face. He seemed more embarrassed than he did when he first entered the room. He couldn't blame him. It was very humiliating even for him. He could feel his face heating up more and he was sure he was blushing just as hard. “You're an omega. Aren't you?”

             “Why would my mom let you in here if I was an omega?” Castiel growled feeling more agitated now. It was obvious no mother would let their omega child in heat be alone with an alpha. Consent issues and too many risks only named a few problems with that.

             “I don't know. I thought maybe she liked me enough to -” To what? Mate with him or something? Perhaps in some backwards country parents would mate their kids by their first heat. However, this wasn't a place like that at all. There were laws protecting omegas and no parent would harm their child like that. Omega's in heat are not in their right mind to be able to choose their mate. Dean looked down obviously distressed by something. “I thought- I was so sure.”

             That did it. That phrase really hit home to Castiel. He was so sure as well. He thought there was no way he would become an alpha. He had fantasized about being with Dean and having a family with him. There is no way he could have a family with him now. Everything was ruined and there was nothing he could do.

             “Just go away.” He didn't want to start crying again in front of Dean. His alpha nature was starting to take hold and it was telling him not to show any weakness. He wouldn't. He wouldn't let Dean know anything about this. He would take it to the grave and do his best to be the best friend he could be.

             He'd find an omega, perhaps. Maybe he would have to settle with a beta but he was sure he'd find someone else. He would get over Dean. He had to. He was too busy thinking about ways to distance himself from his feelings for his friend that he didn't even notice the dip in the bed. He didn't notice Dean hadn't even left until he felt his nose against his neck.

             “You still smell good.” Dean's voice was low and breathy. It made the skin on his neck tingle as he spoke. Castiel closed his eyes a bit. “There's no way you're an alpha.”

             This made Castiel's eyes jolt back open in irritation. He wished he could conveniently forget he was an alpha but he couldn't. And if he had to face the facts, so did Dean. He wasn't an omega and no matter what nice things Dean said about his scent, it didn't change the fact. With a soft growl, Castiel flung off the blanket from his lap.

             “Take a look yourself.” Dean had the audacity to look shocked. Then he stared and stared. Castiel covered himself again unhappy with his reaction. He didn't need to have another alpha staring at him like that.

             “Wow, you might be bigger than I was when I first got my rut.” Dean chuckled. “You can still grow a bit even after.”

             “Just go away.” Castiel growled again not willing to endure this kind of torment. He didn't want to know he could get bigger. He didn't want to think about his presenting at all. Also, Dean was there. He was pressed against him but he could do nothing. They were both alphas. It wasn't like he could attract Dean in anyway. He didn't even know if he wanted to anymore. He didn't even know if he wanted to do anything anymore. Maybe he would just stay in the room until he forgot all about the perfect alpha, who still smelled so wonderful despite being the same gender.

             “Hey, your mom told me to help you so, do you want to see how these work?” Dean walked over to the door and picked up the bottle of lube and one of the toys. Castiel rolled his eyes. He was in the middle of a rut and would like to be left alone. He couldn't help but feel agitated and angry. He was more angry at himself but he would like to be angry with himself in private.

             “I'm sure I can figure it out.” That should have pushed Dean away. If his friend knew better, he should have just left. However, Dean had a problem with not listening.

             “It must be hurting.” He felt the mattress bend again as Dean returned. He could feel someone tugging away his blanket. Castiel didn't even react quick enough to pull it back. He was too busy being so angry, horny and a little bit of pain. It did hurt It wasn't agonizing but it was definitely uncomfortable. “My first one did.” Dean stared down at