alley. The cool night met him welcomingly.

He turned his head to look down the alley and saw a glowing ember in the shadows.

“I thought you were giving up.” Harry said. Zayn sneered at him.

“Talk to me Zayn.” Harry said dryly. He winced inwardly at his condescending tone.

“Shut up.” Zayn said fiercely. “Just shut up Harry. I did talk to you. I told you how I felt.”

Zayn lifted his cigarette to his mouth and took a long drag.

“I’m sorry-“

“Oh you fucking are not.” Zayn snapped. “I don’t get it Harry. You kissed me first. You were the one who convinced me it was okay. I told everyone I was gay and then you just shove it all back in my face. I was just your experiment.”

“Yeah, you were.” Harry replied numbly. Zayn laughed darkly and flicked his glowing cigarette into the gutter. He pushed past Harry and went through the door.

His cowardice refrained him from stopping Zayn and apologising. He didn’t mean it. He didn’t mean any of it.

Harry stared at the glowing ember before crushing it with his foot. He sniffed hard and tried to blink back the tears stinging his eyes.

“Fuck!” Harry ran his hands down his face in frustration.

“What the fuck is wrong with me?” Harry moaned.

*

“Where’d you go last night?” Louis entered the kitchen where Harry was nursing a cup of strong coffee.

“Left early.” He muttered darkly.

“What? Had enough of being a dick to Zayn?” Louis laughed.

“You don’t even know what happened.” Harry shot back.

“I know enough.”

“So, you know that Zayn came out and I “betrayed him”? Why is it my fault if I don’t want to be in a relationship with him?”  

“You manipulated him Harry! You made him believe you wanted to be with him! I think you do, actually, but your fucking self-esteem issues are getting the way! What are you scared of Harry?”

Harry glared at him. “I’m not scared.”

“I’m right though, aren’t I? I reckon you love him.” Louis said insolently.

Harry’s eyes flashed. He rose and dumped his mug in the sink. It scraped against the stainless steel sink.

“You fucking love him!” Louis yelled at his back. 

**

You love him. Louis words echoed in Harry’s ears. Each word dug painfully into his heart.


You love him.



You love him. 


Harry swallowed thickly and took his hands out of his coat pockets. He beat his fist twice against Zayn’s door.

The raven haired boy swung the door open and abruptly shut it upon seeing Harry’s face.

“Zayn! Please, I’m here to apologise!” Harry shouted.

“I don’t want to hear it Harry.” Zayn said through the door.

“But you have to. Zayn, I’m so sorry.” Harry heard Zayn scoff.

“Whatever.”

Harry banged on the door until the skin broke on his knuckles. Zayn didn’t open the door again.

*

“Can you tell Harry to get off my doorstep?” Zayn said angrily into his phone.

“Maybe you should listen to what he has to say.” Liam said cautiously.

“What?” Zayn seethed.

“I know he hurt you Zayn but maybe there’s something else. Maybe he’s sincere.”

Zayn hung up his phone and set it down.

He couldn’t hear Harry banging on the door. He strode to the door anyway and opened it. He was surprised to see Harry had sunk to the ground in the hallway.

“Zayn.” Harry scrambled to his feet.

“Listen, please.” Harry pleaded. Zayn looked unsure but then crossed his arms and leant against the doorway.

Harry gulped and nervously ran his hands through his hair.

“I can’t take it back. I know and I’m so sorry.” Harry said in a trembling voice, his hands reached forward for Zayn. He shook his head disbelievingly at Harry.

“Will you just fucking listen?” Harry burst angrily, his eyes suddenly became fierce.

“Why should I listen to you Harry? You’ve been nothing but a-“

“I know!” Harry yelled “I know I’m a prick! I’ve been a coward!” Zayn stared back at Harry.

“You weren’t just an experiment for me Zayn! I loved you… I still do. I hate myself for everything I made you believe. I’m so fucking insecure and I hate myself. When you came out to everyone, I got scared. I’m afraid of people knowing who I really am.”  

“I’m sick of being a dick to you. I want to be with you.”

“I don’t believe you.”

Harry stared at Zayn with sad eyes.

“Fine.” He said. “But I really mean it