the war ended, Yuu had been acting in line with a couple of slip ups once in a while. However, having the almost 20 year old male stomp into his office like a toddler was quite amusing.

“You’re dismissed for now,” Guren said and waved away the two soldiers giving him the most recent updates on their territorial expansions. The two awkwardly maneuvered around the livid man on their way out. Guren could only sigh at whatever he was going to hear from Yuu. “What did-”

“HOW THE HELL IS MIKA SEVEN WEEKS PREGNANT AND I ONLY FIND OUT NOW?” Guren blinked once, then twice, his blank expression broke out into a smirk.

“Oh, is that what this is about?” Guren said, almost tauntingly. He’d be lying if he didn’t agree with Shinoa that messing with Yuu was fun.

“Yuu-kun!” Yoichi called, throwing the door open. “I heard from others that Yuu was wreaking havoc! Did the demon return?”

If Guren didn’t have an image to retain, he would have doubled over his chair, wheezing in laughter. Instead, he coughed into his fist but the smile never faded from his face.

“There is no need to worry, Yoichi. However, if the idiot doesn’t calm down, he could somehow awaken the demon somehow,” Guren explained and saw Yoichi’s eyes widen double their size before rushing to Yuu’s side. The brunet held Yuu tightly by the shoulder and started to shake him back and forth.

“Don’t lose to the demon, Yuu-kun! We’re all here for you! Think about Mika-kun too!”

“I’m going- to die,” Yuu yelled and Yoichi immediately stopped, but kept his grip. He eyed his friend suspiciously for any signs of transformation while Yuu was shaking his head to rid himself of the dizziness.

“Now that the idiot is calm,” the two turned back to the Lieutenant General, who was leaning back on his chair with his hands folded over his crossed legs, “We only found out the news 2 weeks ago.”

“Two weeks?!” Yuu exclaimed and walked over to the desk to slam his hands against the wood. “Why am I finding this out two weeks later?!”

“Yuu-kun, please calm down,” Yoichi reasoned at his side. He did not understand what was happening but he was going to try his best to help regardless.

“This was Mikaela’s wish.” Yuu’s whole body slouched at the words said and Yoichi found himself more confused than before.

“Did something happen to Mika-kun?” Yoichi said, his tone was serious.

“Of course. Why else do you think this idiot barged into my office like that?” Guren said and they both shifted their gaze to Yuu.

“Guren, what are you going to do about it?” Yuu suddenly asked, his voice was calm.

“Nothing,” he plainly replied. “Though the case is special and rare, we are going to respect Mikaela’s wishes. Without his connections to the vampire queen, the treaty would not have gone as smoothly as it did.”

“I understand. I want to request the day off,” Yuu said.

“Take the whole week off. We all know you’ll need it,” Guren said and waved his hand dismissively. Yuu wanted to counter his argument but he did want to spend time with his now seven weeks pregnant husband.

“I’ll be taking my leave then.” Yuu wasted no time to walk out of the office with Yoichi running after him, after he bowed in respect to the lieutenant general.

“Yuu-kun!” the brunet called after his friend. However, Yuu didn’t stop so Yoichi had to walk at a quicker pace to catch up with him. “What happened to Mika-kun? We all care just as much as you do.”

“Huh? Oh that, so, it turned out that Mika is pregnant now.”

“Eh…” Yoichi paused as the words formed into a meaning. “EHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.”

~ The Unexpected Side Effect ~

Mika was surprised to hear the sound of the front door opening. He was in the kitchen getting ready to prepare a lunch for himself. It wasn’t unusual for his forgetful husband to forget an important document at home and had to come back for it.

But when he left the kitchen to greet him, he did not expect to be greeted by company.

“Welcome back, Yuu-chan. Um, is there a reason why the squad is with you?” Mika asked. “Actually, you can all sit down in the living room. I’ll get some tea ready.”

“No no no!” Shinoa said and Mika paused mid-turn. She hastily walked over to him and took his hand to led him in the opposite direction, which was the living room. “Shiho will take care of that for us. I would ask Yuu but we should never trust him in there by himself.”

“Shiho is a guest, I can’t ask him to