actually managed to, Izuku landed upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves. Izuku slowly got up and dusted himself off. He first looked above from where he had fallen, but just like how it was when he was falling, all he saw was darkness. He then glanced about his surroundings and found along passage with the white rabbit still in sight!

Wait. Was that the same rabbit? That seemed to be no rabbit, but instead a rather tall boy in the waistcoat. The boy had rabbit ears and a fluffy little tail from what Izuku could tell. The ears poked thru a top hat as well. While the rabbit features on the boy had white fur, the hair on the boys head was blue. The rabbit boy also seemed to have something sticking out of his calves, but Izuku wasn’t sure what it could be. Izuku goes to continue the chase and manages to get fairly close to the boy. However when he turned the corner the rabbit boy was no longer to be seen; in his place was a ball of smoke. Izuku waved some of the smoke away and found a long, low hall in front of him.

The hall was filled with doors on every possible spot, but alas each was locked and Izuku couldn’t get thru any of them. Izuku was disappointed he couldn’t make it any further and headed back towards the center of the hall. At the center stood a three-legged table where Izuku found a tiny golden key. Izuku smiles in hopes that the key would open one of the doors for him. In yet another unfortunate situation, the key was too small for every lock. While Izuku was attempting to open one of the doors, he noticed a curtain which he missed the first time he walked thru the hall. Moving the curtain revealed a tiny, fifteen inch high door. Not having any other idea, Izuku stuck the small key into the keyhole of the miniscule door. Luckily, the key fit! And Izuku was filled with delight!

Izuku knelt down and peeked thru the door. Before him was a long passage that seemed to lead to a lovely garden. If only Izuku could make it thru the door, he longed to be out of the lonely hall and out into the garden. Izuku couldn’t even manage to get his head thru the tiny door, but even if he could, the rest of his body would definitely not fit. Now, if Izuku could shrink down he could easily make his way into that garden. Normally Izuku wouldn’t think of shrinking down as a possibility, but considering all the strange things that have occurred so far he wouldn’t be shocked if he did manage to become small like a rat. With not much else to do, Izuku went back to the glass table.

Sitting upon the table was a small bottle with the words DRINK ME printed on a paper tied to it. Izuku picks up the bottle and inspects it for any poison label. It’d be a shame if he ended up sick or worse. No such label was found which Izuku was grateful for. Out of options, Izuku begins to drink the liquid within the bottle. It was quite delicious so he couldn’t help but drink the whole bottle. Izuku quickly regretted this action believing the drink must have been drugged since his surroundings appeared to be getting larger and larger. Or rather, Izuku was shrinking down to a mere ten inches! But wait, he wanted to shrink down! Now he can fit thru the door! He rushes to the door only to realize he forgot the key and left the door closed. So he makes his way back to the table in search for the key. The key was sitting neatly on top of the table, which Izuku could see clearly thanks to the table being made of glass. However, it being made of glass made it impossible to climb.

Izuku falls on his back in exasperation. He just couldn’t get a break today, could he? Not wanting to look up at the golden key that was practically taunting him, he turns his head to the side. Soon his eyes fell on a little glass box that was beneath the table. He rolled over to the box, opened it, and inside found a small cake with the words EAT ME marked in currants.

With a shrug, Izuku down the cake as he did the bottle. Might as well do weird things when you are already in a weird situation. The room soon seemed to be back to normal size in Izuku’s perspective, but soon after became smaller and smaller until -  BONK! - his head struck against the ceiling! Izuku felt like he was in an even worse situation than when he was only ten inches, nine feet high was simply too much! Overwhelmed, he began to cry. “You idiot,” said Izuku, “getting yourself in this position only to cry about it!” But the tears continued, on and on in the size of gallons, until he was sitting in a very large pool.

Not long after, Izuku heard footsteps in the distance and dried his eyes so he could see who