changed into a pair of jogging bottoms before picking up the guitar and playing the familiar tunes he wrote and singing along, writing all new lyrics down in his leather jotter and replaying the words in his head.

he feel asleep on his bed, guitar on his chest and jotter open to a page with the original lyrics of his song recorded down in a messy manner.

the tune was first heard on louis car radio, it was the bands most famous hit in two years and louis was hooked on it. the lyrics inspired him to try harder, although he wasn't sure what to try harder at until later that night when this time he was sat on his single bed, window open, and the melody came on again. he wasn't playing music though. 

he looked out of the small window, seeing his charming subject driving up the opposite houses' parking space. he dropped all the paper work and ran out of his room, up to the glass in the attic and sitting up on the roof top. he came out in his worn down black sweats and white converse from his seventeenth birthday (he can remember the day). he sat crisscross on the cold hard ground, waiting for the boy to get to his room.

it took him fifteen minutes but suddenly, he burst into the all too familiar room. he threw the shopping bags onto the bed, stripping down into his tight boxers before taking them off and putting whatever he took out from the bag.

pink panties.

louis' breath hitched in his throat, watching the boy run his fingers over the silky woman's pants. louis might not have been into girls but, fuck, this minor pulled on the feminine clothes, tying his hair in a curly pony tail and looked in the mirror, biting his lip. 

you look amazing, louis wanted to say, holding the boys waist from behind as he fell into louis arms and he pulled him so the bed, so beautiful.

louis shook the smut filled images out of his head before he got too carried away. louis wanted nothing more than to reassure the boy it was okay, though. whether this was just a kink of his or he was having gender identity problems, he had to know this was okay. this could the reason he came of the bathroom sobbing into his hands, blood dripping from his thighs.

"its okay, angel," louis whispered to no one but himself , examining the younger lad. but before he know it, the boy was looking out of the opposite window onto the roof and directly into louis' eyes. louis' imagination became wild, "can you hear me?" he asked as though the boy could hear him.

louis' eyes were torn from the other boys when his lover looked away and down at himself, realising how he was being seen. louis set off down the ladder, sprinting from his place on the roof and into his room, carefully not to wake his parents up as it was early morning now. he threw himself onto the bed, hiding in the covers, from no one other than himself.

louis fell asleep with the papers crowded on the floor and the look of horror from two green eyes that has been his secret for so long.

(cont. from last chapter)

harry had decided that this man was hot. he didnt even know his name but he invited him in because it wasn't like anyone was home to tell him not to talk to stangers.

"im louis, by the way, not peter pan." the older man chuckled. harry smiled small and to the floor, shuffing his way into the kitchen with louis trailing behind him. his kitchen was standard with counters in the middle and a modern design, it was boring to him. why couldn't he leave instead of his mum.

"well, louis, would you like something to eat or drink?" harry asked politely. he opened the two door fridge and pulled out a carton of milk, drinking from the plastic bottle and hopping onto the counter with his long limbs crossed. 

it was at this point that louis realised what the boy was wearing. it was a thin, cable knit black jumper that was somehow too big for him on his already broad figure. what was on the bottom half was covered by the jumper but was obviously not something that you'd wear out to the local primary school.

louis thought for a minute. a few ideas came to mind about what he'd like to eat but it wasn't something appropriate to say once they'd just met. even if louis knew more than harry thought. suddenly peter pan was R rated.

"i'd love a nice warm tea if that would be an option?" louis asked sweetly leaning again the kitchen island and watching the fragile frame of the other boy unhinge himself from the position, "i'll make it, stay where you are."

harry paused before hopping down and going beside the kettle but still sitting down so he could be closer to the enchanting man. the way he worked was something from a disney movie. 

louis smiled at the small movement before tapping the