got so jealous over the slightest things it drove me so insane most of the time!" Harry winces at the tone Louis has, and he slouches down in his seat defeated because Louis was right. Harry had been a jealous freak and not in the good way.

"Do you regret proposing to me?"

Harry hears the way that Louis breath hitches from asking that question, and he looks directly over towards Louis - sees the way that his lip wobbles a little bit from just asking and how downcast he looks. Harry's heart breaks over again by just the look on Louis face.

"No." Harry whispers as he shakes his head. "I regret the timing I did it, but no, I do not regret proposing to you. You were my everything, I wanted to marry you so badly." Harry's voice breaks and Louis stays quiet; so Harry grabs another card.

"Am I a better lover then you partner of now?" Harry snorts at the question loudly, giggling a bit.

"I'm currently single at the moment." Louis laughs as well. "But if I compare you to some hook-ups I had then yes, you were definetly a better lover then they were. After knowing each other for twenty years and being together for eleven of them - you'll always know me the best." He throws a wink towards Harry which causes the taller lad to blush at before ducking his head.

"Would you rather kiss me again or take two shots to get out of it?"

Harry's heart erupts at the question and his head shoots up, looking directly at Louis who has his own eyebrows raised. He glances quickly at the drinks before looking back at Harry whose giving him a small shrug. Harry debates in on himself for a total of three seconds before he's smiling and leaning across the table. Louis seems to know what's going on, so he does the exact same, he leans himself across and soon they're meeting in the middle. Their lips connect and its nothing like the books, no fireworks or anything like that - but there's a feeling of familiarity and a feeling of safeness when their lips connect. It's a kiss that's sparked a thousand and one memories between the pair, and by the way Louis lowly whimpers against his lips - he's not the only one whose feeling this.

They pull away with a quick last peck to each others lips, before they sit themselves back down. Harry didn't think it was possible from a kiss, but his heart aches for Louis once more; a feeling he's all too familiar with in general. He bites his lower lip before grabbing a card, he scans the question and closes his eyes tightly - it's a sensitive topic and he's not sure Louis will answer it; though after letting a deep breathe out he asks anyway.

"What specific reason caused us to end and were we ever happy together?"

He doesn't miss the way Louis eyes dart straight to the bottle of vodka, probably thinking of drowning the whole bottle rather then answer that question. Though he watches as Louis evens his breaths out, closing his eyes and counting lowly to himself before opening his eyes and staring directly towards Harry, his eyes have already shimmered a red - glossing themselves over.

"We were happy together Harry, you know that." Louis starts, breathing in and out deeply again before continuing, "Me and Harry were so, so happy together you wouldn't even believe how happy we were." His eyes dart towards the team crew behind the cameras, before looking back towards Harry.

"We were so happy that we thought we wouldn't be possible to become even more happier. But it happened, it was possible - I-I fell pregnant, and before you assume anything like I said. I never cheated so the kid was definitely Harry's. Though I fell pregnant and it was the best time of our lives, we were more happy and excited then we had ever been. Harry proposed and things were perfect." There's a pause while Louis catches his breath. "It was perfect all up until I gave birth." There's a crack in Louis voice, Harry's heart hurts and he knows he's about to start crying at any given time.

"I gave birth to a stillbirth baby." And their goes the first set of tears on Harry's side, he can't hold them in as Louis continues on. "The doctors don't know when the baby passed, they said maybe during the first 24 weeks of my pregnancy but for some reason it never showed up on my check-ups or anything. So for a long time I was carrying a passed baby in my stomach - life kind of crashed between me and Harry when that happened. Life got hard for us and it became near impossible for me to be able to deal with what had happened - I carried my baby for nine months for it to be stillbirth. It was hard, so hard - hard enough that