t tell him anything, neither did his expression, which was so unnervingly emotionless. Thinking that this might be a good opportunity, Makoto finally dared to ask again.

“Haru, what are you going to do? About your future, I mean…”

There it was again. The same shocked expression that Haru wore when Makoto had first asked during their jogging sessions. Maybe even a hint of betrayal in his eyes; Haru hated thinking about problems until they were right in his face. Having Makoto put him in this situation would naturally tick him off, even just a little.

“As long as I can swi – ”

“Then, you’re going into the Olympics?”

“I’m not intereste – ”

“Swim coach? Dolphin trainer? What are you going to do, Haru?”

The last question came off a little harsher than Makoto would’ve liked, but he couldn’t do anything anymore. He wasn’t going to be passive anymore. He wanted Haru to make his own choice, and make it now without anyone else influencing him in the near future. Makoto knew that if he had told Rin his future plans the other day, Haru would’ve felt like he had to tag along with Makoto. Haru wouldn’t have chosen for himself, he wouldn’t have been able to decide for himself. If Makoto, his only support and strength, left him, Haru definitely wouldn’t take that very well.

“Why are you asking me this all of a sudden?”

“Because I want to know, Haru. I want to know that you’re going to be happy wherever you go. I want you to choose something that’s going to bring out the best in you!”

“I told you, didn’t I? As long as I can swi – ”

“Haru! You can’t keep swimming like this until you grow old you know? You’re not going to get anywhere. Who’s going to take care of you? Who’s going to pay for your bills? You’re not even interested in competitive swimming, which is something that you will definitely excel in. Why can’t you take some time to think about this?!”

“Makoto, why are you – ”

“Because I’m jealous! Haru, I’m jealous of you! You’ve always been the best at swimming. You’ve always been good at it, and you love it! It’s like you have your entire future planned out for you! Just like Rin! You get so fired up when Rin’s swimming against you, and I’ve finally realised that I can’t do the same for you. I’ll never be on the same level! And even if you drop out of the Olympics or don’t enter, you have so many other talents that I don’t! You’re talented with your hands, Haru, you’re an amazing artist! And yet, yet you say that you don’t know what to do. I’m jealous Haru, I really am.”

“Makoto no – ”

“I have no talents unlike you. I’m not particularly good at anything, I can’t follow you anymore! I’ve always swam to swim with you, it’s always been you! But now that I can’t, I guess I have to let go. You have to make your own choices now, Haruka!”

Tears that Makoto had bottled up inside for so long were running down his face. He couldn’t stop them, he didn’t even try to stop them. He couldn’t take it anymore, he couldn’t stand it. He didn’t want to leave Haru, he had never wanted to let go of Haru, but the way things were made the chances of them staying together almost zero. Even if he did love Haru, even if he wanted them to be together forever, reality wasn’t letting it happen. And Makoto wasn’t brave enough to think that their relationship wouldn’t break off so easily if they were miles apart.

“I’m sorry Haru. You have to go your way, and I have to go mine.”

Without so much as a glance in Haru’s direction, Makoto turned his back on the stairs and walked back towards his house. He had never intended to get so angry, yet he had just taken it all out on Haru. He had never wanted to pressure Haru into making life choices, yet his actions proved hypocritical. And now, now it was as if he had pulled the entire sky down upon himself.

~

Haru was stunned, totally taken aback, as if a bombshell had just been dropped on him. He had never expected that, especially not from Makoto. Makoto, who had always been his firm foundation, his support, his greatest help, had suddenly turned his back on him. Yet Haru knew. He knew that Makoto was right. He knew that avoiding the topic wasn’t going to