sees the man.

Cas’ shoulders droop and he looks haggard. Dean is by his side in a second, touching his arms and almost hugging him without even thinking about it.

"You spent the day baking?" Cas asks and Dean blushes because it’s not normal. "You should take cooking classes."

Dean has been thinking about it. The community center where he goes to night class to earn himself grades in simple subjects like math and languages teaches a cooking class in the evenings too. Maybe he could take that and work with food? Would probably end up working at a McDonald’s but anything would be better than not contributing at home like it is now. Dean wants to be a real man for Cas, however stupid that sounds.

"What happened today?" he asks and guides Cas to sit at the kitchen island while he makes the man a hasty sandwich.

Cas stares down at the island for a while but smiles kindly at Dean when he hands him the sandwich.

"Andy took his life today."

The butter knife clatters loudly when Dean drops it in the sink. His chest contorts uncomfortably and he has to lean against the sink as he tries to get his breathing under control.

He had forgotten all about Andy.

Andy, who had been in love with his brother and whose brother had killed himself because of that love. Andy, who had made little uhn, uhn, uhn noises as Dean pounded him in the ass. Andy, who kind of had been Dean’s only friend in the rehab center.

How the fuck could Dean have forgotten about him?

Because you’re just that selfish. Mind-dad sneers but no, that can’t be true.

His distress now is more about that than the man actually killing himself. Dean is actually standing here, feeling the black void swallowing him up because he’s feeling so little about Andy’s death. Andy’s death had kind of seemed inevitable, to be honest, and Dean had let him go so fast it was scaring him now.

Cas, of course, believes Dean’s strangled breathing is because he is sad to lose his friend and Dean lets him think that because telling him about the void feels like the worst idea ever.

"Dean?" Cas’ tone is calm and without thinking Dean turns to the man when Cas approaches him.

He buries his face against Cas’ neck and wills himself to feel anything and the thing is that he does. As soon as Cas is within reach Dean feels the void recede and actual, normal sadness over Andy starts registering. Oh thank God, Dean is actually sad to lose his friend. He’s not broken, just warped. Cas can put him together again.

He tries to say something but nothing but little clucking sounds come out and Cas lifts his arms to hug Dean close. The moment he does Dean melts against Cas’ bigger frame, fisting the man’s shirt like a little kid and inhaling Cas’ musky scent.

"It’s okay." Cas soothes and Dean nods because he knows it is.

Andy is in a better place now. He was hurting too much without his brother, his actions alone speak of that. Maybe, if Dean was religious like Cas, he could think that Andy is reunited with his brother in death. That actually feels nice to think about.

"Are you okay?" Dean asks in a small voice and he can feel the surprise in Cas’ whole body. And then he can feel the man relax again and he presses closer, mouth and nose smashed up against Cas’ pulse.

"I am." Cas sighs against Dean’s hair and hugs him tighter. "I am now."







*****






Cas’ hands are warm as they coax Dean’s body to roll against him. Dean’s mind is pleasantly fogged over, lust and just plain warmth making him groggy in all the best ways.



He smiles up at the man and Cas seems surprised but immediately smiles back. His hand is warm when it wraps around Dean’s bobbing dick and fuck, Dean hadn’t realized just how hard he was until Cas starts stroking him gently.



Cas feels perfect inside him, hard and unrelenting and hitting all the right spots. Dean moans wantonly and Cas encourages him softly.



Dean’s toes curl when he comes and Cas sighs out praise as he empties inside Dean’s greedy body.






Dean gets over Andy’s death much faster than he would have thought and definitely faster than Cas. Then again, Cas had known the man longer and Dean is really only sad that Andy had decided to give up. He refuses to see similarities between himself and Andy because that hurts for real and instead he focuses on how much better he feels every day.

Or, well, every other day. Well, sometimes.

Anyway, the memory-dreams about dad that Dean had used to keep at bay with the acid and that had come back as the drugs slowly receded from his system were thankfully getting fewer and further between. Even mind-dad doesn’t speak as loudly or as often anymore. This is a