here. I found a waterfall, well I don’t think it’s actually 

water

 but I don't really know what to call it so I’m just gonna call it that,” He rambled, rubbing the back of his neck. “I just drank a ton of it, hopefully it’s actually safe to drink. I was just 

so 

thirsty…” He turned the recorder so that it showed the flowing liquid, then turned it back to himself. “The trees here are weird and the vines that hang off them are slimy and smell… 

interesting.

 I haven’t tasted them yet and don’t plan on it until I 

have 

to….” He was silent for a moment, rubbing at his face. “My chest still hurts from when I landed, I think I might of bruised my insides badly; nothing seems broken though, which is good… I… I hope I’m found soon. It’s… hard, being without everyone else. I hope everyone’s okay, and I hope that no one is stuck in my position, y’know, without contact with anyone or any

thing.

 I… I’ll go now, I need to get a better feel of the land while I’m here, maybe see if I can find any natives. Well, uhm, bye.” 


 


He turned off the recorder with a sigh, getting up and walking further north, hoping to find some village of some sort. Sadly, he didn’t find anything except more trees and lavender grass. Disappointment settled in his gut as he walked back, watching the sky grow dark. It was completely dark when he was only half way back, but found that the vines on the trees glowed, illuminating his path as he ventured back. He kept on his toes though, rightfully so as he heard a growl from somewhere he couldn’t see. 


 


His Galran hand glowed as he walked in a more defensive position, eying his surroundings. Soon, something heavy tackled him to the ground from above, biting at his metal arm. Shiro kicked and flailed, but the creature was much too heavy for him to even move an inch. Pain lit up in the area his arm was connected to advanced technology and he screamed and the arm was pulled away, leaving what was left torn and bloody. That seemed to satisfy the creature as he felt the weight lift off of him, and without look back Shiro ran, holding his stump of a right arm as he sprinted back to Black. He silently thanked Black for keeping her lights on in the cockpit as he tore through the first aid kit, quickly sewing up his arm, disinfecting it and wrapping it. He knew how to do this thanks to the extensive training received before the kerberos mission, but he threw up outside of Black, traumatized and still in stinging pain. 


 


Once his stomach was emptied he sat down in the cockpit, staring at where his arm used to be as realization settled in. He was stuck on a foreign planet, with downed communications, limited rations, and one arm. Which also meant that he had no 

weapon

. Finally, Shiro let himself break down, ugly sobs escaping his body. He was never trained for this; sure he knew how to survive, he knew all of the basics, but the ‘basics’ didn’t work on a planet that didn’t even have water, or normal trees. 


 


After calming down a bit, he started up the recorder, not even smiling at his mirrored self. He made sure to show his bandaged arm, waiting a few moments before speaking. “So, uh. This planet is hostile at night. Something attacked me, it-it took my arm.” Tears welled in his eyes. “I don’t know what to do. My comms can’t reach anyone, and it’s frustrating, and-and I just hope that tomorrow Allura will come and rescue me and I-I’ll be okay and Black will be okay.” Crystal tears fell down his cheeks again. “It’s only been a few days, but already I’m practically defenseless on a s-strange planet 

alone. 

I-I’m hanging up now, I-I-” He clicked off the recorder as he stuttered, using his hand to wipe at the falling tears. He hoped that the videos would be sent to the castle like Allura said they would, he also hoped they didn’t though, because he hated crying in front of others. 


 


He sighed shakily and got as comfortable as he could, avoiding looking at his arm as he looked over Black’s broken controls. He was definitely stuck here. Shiro closed his eyes, letting sleep take his tired body. 


 


----


 


When the castle had been flung through the wormhole, Allura was barely able to keep the ship straight. Panic rose in her body as she saw Shiro’s lion fall out; they may never be able to find him again. As they neared the end, the blue lion crashed into the red and the two fell out just shy of the exit