even if you die here well...”

“I'll die for real...?” Asami finished, but still couldn't make herself believe.

“Yes sweetheart” Yuuko nodded leaving a sad smiling on her lips “But that's why the lady here will be the one to make sure you won't get hurt and also learn how to move around here while we figure out what does Christopher wants from you”

“But I don't want to be here, everything seems so weird”

“I know but, haven't you had headaches recently since last night?”

	“Hmmm yeah but I assumed that it was because I was tired, not because of...”

“It seems that what they did to you yesterday took a lot of energy from you. How about this?, take a couple of days and think about this, Keiko will be here if you happen to show sooner, how does that sound?”

“I guess..” She glanced at the girl next to her, her golden eyes met her gaze. “It is a lot to take in”

“It is but we'll be here for you so...”

“Thank you, and how do I....” Asami glanced around to look for a way to leave since she didn't know how to wake up from this.

“It is okay dear, take my hand” Yuuko said extending her hand, Asami reached and took it.

“I'll send you out, but you need to learn in the future, pinching yourself won't work anymore” she said with a wink.

“Oh, okay, thanks?” and with that she disappeared, leaving just Keiko and Yuuko.

After a while Keiko glanced at Yuuko and said.

“So, you think she will come back?”

“Yeah, I'm sure, she needs to know why those two people that she thought she knew did this to her, why they treated her like that yesterday” she said taking a glass and pouring some scotch in it.

“I'm worried that she doesn't” she said glancing at the glass that was in front of her.

“I know, but you need to trust her, she will come even if you try to treat her like you did earlier” Yuuko said taking a glass for herself.

“Hump, you know me too well for my liking” she smiled and downed her glass.

Asami woke feeling dizzy, when she opened her eyes she was met by the ceiling she knew too well, “It really is a lot...to sink in...” she took a couple of breath to relax a bit and get right off the dizziness. “It is going to be a long day...”.

Another Chapter yay! 

If you are wondering, yeah, I borrowed Yuuko from TRC. And yeah, this is Korrasami, just bare with me a little longer.

Give me feedback :) I hope you liked it!

Thanks to my beta!

Korra and Asami talk a little bit and spend some time together.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

It has been 5 days since the last time Asami entered the dream world, she didn't have dreams of any kind since that conversation with Yuuko; ever since that night her mind kept wondering if all that was even real or if it was true the fact that she might die for real if something happened to her there. She knew that ever since she was a girl she couldn't wait for bedtime, she was always eager to go to bed and enter that world, but at the time it was just that, a dream, but now, everything was so different.

	“Asami!!” a voice coming from behind pulled her out of her thoughts, turning around to see who was calling her, she totally forgot she was at the gym with the guys while they were sparring. 

	“Oh hey Opal, you came” she said smiling at her.

“Of course, I won’t miss the guys sparring for anything in the world”

	“I guess you only came to see Bolin´s muscles”. Asami said wiggling her eyebrows playfully.

	Opal gasped, revealing a deep shade of red on her cheeks. “Asami!! Please give me some credit, jeez” 

	“You are just so easy to tease sometimes, I can’t help myself”

	“Hey I wanted to ask, is everything alright?”

	“Yeah, why wouldn’t it be?” she didn’t want to have this conversation right now.

	“I don’t know, just asking” Opal took the hint and didn’t push it.

	Bolin had invited Opal and Asami to see their sparring practice, he was so excited for them to see Korra's style; but Mako couldn't make it this time so it was just Bolin and Korra. Korra's technique was so accurate and so clean, it was beautiful to see. Some smacks could be heard and then a loud thud, Bolin was on the floor panting for air; it was the 5th time that Korra had won.

	From the mats Korra came jogging towards her bag looking for her bottle of