friend that he will literally beat himself up about this all night, maybe even all week.

Louis didn’t think he could feel worse.

He almost cries in relief when his phone buzzes, ‘leeyum sed u wanna drink? ((((: leggo!’

 



Louis sometimes wants to kiss Niall.

**


THREE YEARS AGO:


 

“You disappeared at the party” Niall said and just like that Liam’s eyes are on Louis like a hound and Louis knows there’s no getting out of it now, not when Liam knows. Louis sometimes wants to kill Niall.

“Err yeah. I walked and fell asleep” He shrugs, glad that Niall believes his lie easily enough but of course Liam doesn’t.

When Liam pulls him aside later, Louis is expecting it but still tries to play dumb, or act innocent. He feels better since kissing James. Like  a weight has been lifted from his shoulders. Like he doesn’t have to be afraid or alone anymore, like he’s unstoppable.

“You okay, Lou?” Liam asks whilst pretending to look for a book in the quiet hush of the library.

“Erm. Yeah. Course.” Louis offers Liam a weak reassuring grin and Liam frowns, for once looking slightly threatening with the stubble covering his jaw handsomely.

“I get worried about you, you know” Liam sighed finally. Louis feels his heart twinge but he looks down, away, anywhere but at Liam as he nods slowly.

“You’d tell me, right?” Liam adds, pushing slightly, in that careful Liam way. Louis bites the inside of his cheek and looks up to see Liam still looking at him, worried as anything.

“Course I would. You’re my best friend.” Louis laughed uncomfortably. Liam visibly relaxes at that and smiles brightly.

“And you’re mine. Love you, Tommo.” And Louis doesn’t know what it is. Maybe it’s that Liam says he loves him, or maybe because Louis is thinking of James and how sweet and easy and nice it was to kiss him. How right it felt. Louis is surging forward once more and pressing his lips to Liam’s.

But it’s nothing like it was the other night. It isn’t sweet and chaste. It’s awkward and Liam stumbles backwards, crashing into the book shelf behind them loudly and wincing as he continues to stare at Louis in shock, as if his lips have set Liam on fire.

“I- ”

“Lou- ” The pair say at the same time. Louis feels the weight of the world crash down on him suddenly, once again and he realizes that he just kissed his best friend, his crush, he just came out to him and he-

He doesn’t feel the same.

 



“Oh.” Louis whispers at the same time that Liam scrambles up, attempting to move closer to Louis but Louis is pushing backwards this time, before running out of the library, not even caring or bothering to hide how loud his sobs are.

**


PRESENT:


 

“You didn’t tell me it was a party” Louis can’t help but grumble beside Niall as the Irish man cheers loudly beside him at a drunken game of beer pong.

“Yeah course it is, Tommo! Everyone found out today so everyone wants to get fucked!” Niall grins happily, waving at a few people as he leads Louis in. Louis immediately covers his arm protectively at the mention of finding out and immediately sets his eyes out for alcohol of any kind. Luckily, that’s not hard to find and it isn’t long before Niall is cheering him along as he chugs back his third beer, feeling his vision go fuzzy around the edges and his mind feel that blissful blank and empty and light.

“TOLD YA IT WAS A GOOD IDEA!” Niall is yelling in his ear, laughing like a maniac as people clap Louis on the back. Louis is laughing and he has no idea at what anymore but he doesn’t care because it feels so nice to laugh like this, loud and careless and free.

Louis shuffles away, noticing an insanely sexy looking guy with his hair gelled in a perfect quiff, a cigarette dangling from his fingertips as he talks. No, a voice commands inside Louis’ head. You like girls, you like girls. You have to. It reminds him. Suddenly Louis doesn’t feel so drunk, stumbling slightly as he walks out into the patio where the sexy boy is still standing and talking, barely batting an eye at Louis.

“-gonna kill you for getting that Haz.” The boy clucks his tongue, igniting the cigarette and rolling his eyes, and that’s when Louis notices the other boy that previously had been hidden from his view. This boy-

He’s gorgeous. He’s got his own brown wavy hair gelled up, off his forehead, his jeans so skinny that it looks like he can’t move his legs much without tearing them. And on his forearm- it’s covered with tattoo’s. Words and pictures and an outline of a