, i'm blanking on what the term is for cumming with a sound in but also discussion of that, safer sex techniques!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

“Oh god, that sucks, that sucks so much oh my god.”  

Enjolras hesitates where he’s kneeling over Grantaire’s bound body.  He had gone for simplicity for this scene, with Grantaire’s hands cuffed to his collar, and his ankles bound to thighs, because that wasn’t really the focus.  The focus was the steel rod that Enjolras was easing into Grantaire’s cock with his gloved hands.  Grantaire hisses and his hands shake where they’re bound next to his head, jingling.

Enjolras freezes.  “Do you need me to take it out?”  It’s hard to want to stop, watching Grantaire twitch and flush and moan.  He’s penetrated so completely by the thick metal rod, it’s obscene and gorgeous and if Enjolras wasn’t trying his hardest to keep everything sterile he’d have already put his mouth there.

Instead, he has his knee pressed up against the plug in Grantaire’s ass, nudging it periodically.  It’s not very big, because the internet had very inconsistent views of how safe that is while sounding, but it’s odd shaped and maybe a little less lubed than it ought to be.

Grantaire closes his eyes tightly and shakes his head, panting and whining.  “No, it’s great, I fucking hate it.”

Enjolras laughs and grips Grantaire’s dick, letting the sound sink in a little more on it’s own.  Grantaire’s breath hitches and then he moans again, wriggling his hips.  “You’re going to love this, then,” Enjolras tells him, and pinches his cock hard around the sound.  There’s a brief moment of silence and Enjolras frowns, wondering if maybe this wasn’t as effective as he’d read about, and then Grantaire howls, folding in on himself and thrashing, and if Enjolras didn’t have his hand still and securely holding Grantaire’s cock, he could have really hurt himself.

Or at least that’s what he’s telling as himself, as he continues to compress Grantaire’s cock beneath his fingers.

“Fuck fuck fuck—please!  Please make it stop, I can’t—I can’t—” He wails, breath coming in little hiccupping gasps and tugging his wrists hard enough they’ll bruise.

Enjolras relaxes his grip and Grantaire collapses, panting and turning to hide his head in one of his hands.  “How you doing, R?”

“Marigold?” Grantaire says after a moment, still catching his breath.  “Or like, goldenrod?”

Enjolras nods and presses an apologetic kiss to Grantaire’s thigh.  “No more sound or no more big pain?”

Grantaire swallows hard.  “Second one.”  His chest is moving slower again, and he’s growing calmer.  “Little pain is a-okay but that was too much for today.  Sorry.”

“No apologies,” Enjolras corrects him, nipping at his thigh and kneeing him hard against the plug.

Grantaire giggles.  “Sorry.”

Enjolras, still holding Grantaire’s cock erect at the head, gives him a firm stroke.  “Pain?”

“No, sir,” Grantaire moans.  “It feels weird as fuck, though.”

Enjolras gives him another firm stroke, then still holding the head, lifts the sound out, and lets it drop back into Grantaire slowly as Grantaire shakes.  “And that?”

Grantaire’s fists are clenched tight and he’s vibrating with contained energy.  “Intense?  Because you’re literally fucking my cock, sir, like what the fuck?”

Enjolras laughs, lifting and releasing the sound again.  It sinks into him faster than before, which is incredible to see, so Enjolras does it again and again.  “Want to go a size bigger?”

Grantaire whines, biting his lips.  “Yeah, all right.”

Enjolras leans harder against the plug and slowly pulls the sound out of Grantaire’s cock.  

Grantaire shouts, “Fuck!” and cums all over Enjolras.

“Oh,” Enjolras says, then laughs.  “Or not.”

Grantaire laughs, too, then groans.  “Fuck.  Oh my god, that hurt though.  I forgot you said my dick was going to hurt for like days, shit, I don’t want to piss ever again.”

Enjolras laughs, throwing the sound on the bed and taking off his gloves.  He’ll disinfect everything later.  “You should soon, though, to lower your risk of UTI.”

“Okay, Captain Safe Sex.”  Enjolras reaches up and unclips Grantaire’s wrists from his collar and Grantaire groans appreciatively, rolling his shoulders.  “Next time we do that, you can make it hurt."

Enjolras grins, untying Grantaire’s thighs and then leaning up to kiss him on his lips.  “Next time, I’m going to start with a bigger one, and fuck you and squeeze you until you’re begging