though she was sure that it was more awkward for the parents), and she could feel the others whispering behind her, but she persevered and won a cute elephant. In the former, she won a stuffed bowling ball (Who on earth designed these prizes? she wondered). In the smaller games she couldn't quite do as well as she wanted.

After a while she grew weary of carrying her spoils. Taking a few moments to think, she decided to make her load a bit lighter. Seeking out a few empty-handed children she passed on all of her prizes - except the tiger, the largest - while she made her way to the arcade. She felt proud of herself after seeing the smiles on their faces, and the smiles of their money-tapped parents at her charity. It was something Yuugi would have done, she decided, and therefore it was good.

She'd almost finished off her funds for the day, but there was one challenge left -

The claw machine. The pinnacle of rigged gaming, the perfect mix of skill and chance. The ultimate temptation. Mai ignored other arcade attractions and ventured straight to a corner that held nothing but claw machines. The fighting games she loved to play would simply sap the rest of her funds. And for no reward. She wasn't traveling with another person who could make it worth her while..

There was another person in the corner, working one of the better-looking machines, and Mai hoped it wasn't the only good one. She browsed around at the prizes inside. Beachballs - easy - cartoon characters from children's shows she didn't recognize, and stuffed animal of various types. In one of them sat a small brown dog with a large head and floppy ears, and it reminded her of Jounouchi. Kaiba had always called him a mutt, right?

She wanted it.

Placing her quarters into the machine, she revved it up. She had 60 seconds, and she took her time; the dog was right at the top. It was simply a matter of correct positioning, and hoping that the claw would rotate to a helpful angle. That was the part left up to chance.

The machines were lined up one by one so that the glass from each one would distort the player's view into the others, but Mai wasn't buying that. She wedged herself, curves and all, between the machines to get proper views on both sides of her target. Iit appeared that she had managed to guestimate the best position. Would the claw open wide enough to capture the head?

Unfortunately, no. The angle wasn't quite right, and one of the claw fingers couldn't grip underneath the dog's head. A waste.

"That was pretty good, heh," said a voice from behind her. It was the guy she'd spotted before, she was sure.

"Better than how you're doing right now, I'm sure," she said, hoping her tone would discourage more conversation. She didn't really want to deal with any kids hitting on her today.

Mai turned to send him a glare for good measure, but they widened in surprise instead.

Then they narrowed. "Ryuzaki."

"So it's you, then?" he asked, as if it were no consequence. "Cool." To his benefit, he looked significantly less creepy with Haga absent from his immediate vicinity. Had he not turned around to show his face and that awkward streak of purple, she wouldn't have guessed it was him.

"I am pretty good.".

He nodded in agreement, and Mai appreciated that he hadn't taken back his compliment because of who she was..

Now that she thought about it, she kind of owed him. She'd cheated him, hadn't she? Of all the things she could have recalled, it suddenly struck her that she hadn't repaid her debt. A room on Pegasus's ship hadn't come cheap, and the poor pair of schmucks had been asking for it - but she had been worse. It seemed insignificant, and yet... and yet if she could be spared to live through that hell of a summer, that meant she needed a clean break, right?

"Thanks," she added, as though it made everything go away.

Ryuzaki didn't respond, and they went back to their respective games.

The dog was more difficult to obtain than she had first thought. Winning it became a challenge rather than anything else. The head was shaped so awkwardly, with its floppy ears, that the claw seemed unable to find a way around to fit it comfortably. Mai could see the grooves where the claws could fit, but getting it to move in that position was the part that she couldn't control. That was the 'chance' part of the game. The 'rigged' part was the dog's head shape. Mai decided to take it as a personal insult that she hadn't been able to make it work.

After the sixth game (and therefore three