Just leave any major injuries to me and my 'friend' over there."

He walked over to her, handing her a PADD with information about how to treat minor cuts, sprains, dislocations and the like.

"How's Naomi holding up?" he asked.

"She puts on a brave face," Samantha said. "But I can tell she's terrified. I'm just glad the Hirogen have been leaving her alone."

"Children do not make good prey," the Hirogen medic said, re-entering the room.

"Well," Samantha said. "There's that at least."

Seven stood with her hands behind her back, as 'Katrine,' Janeway's character in the simulation, pointed to the map on the table, speaking to her, as well as the characters being played in this simulation by Tuvok and B'Elanna.

"You'll maintain position here," Janeway said. "twenty meters from the front doors. Arm yourself with a submachine gun and watch for any sign of trouble."

"We've observed a twenty-second break in the guard rotation at 4:15 a.m," Tuvok said, looking at Seven. "That should give you and Katrine time to enter the building through a storm window on the eastern wall."

"When I was there yesterday," B'Elanna said, "I saw guards posted at all three stairways, so you'll have to get to the second floor through the elevator shaft. The command post's in the main gallery at the end of the hall."

"Once inside," Janeway said, "we plant the charges and load the transmitter. We leave in one hour."

"I'll make sure that all evidence of the underground here gets destroyed if anything goes wrong," B'Elanna said. "But, God willing I won't have to."

"From your lips to his ears," Janeway said.

Seven nodded in agreement with the others, then headed over to the table where the explosives for the mission were set up. She took one of the grenades out of the case and looked it over, lamenting that knowledge about such archaic weapons had not been included in the memories the Borg had given her.

At least I know enough not to accidentally blow myself up, she thought.

"Are you having second thoughts about our mission tonight?" Janeway said.

"No. Why do you ask?"

"You seem distracted. Just now you forgot to connect the detonator to the explosives."

"I did? That doesn't seem right," Seven said. She had managed to use her enhanced hearing to eavesdrop on the others. As such she learned that her character in the simulation was an explosives expert.

"First you forget song lyrics, now this? I'm tempted to just leave you behind," Janeway said.

"Understandable," Seven said. "But I need to see this through."

"Good," Janeway said, loading a clip into a pistol. "Let's just hope we don't get any more screw ups from you tonight."

Seven nodded, then turned to follow Janeway as she and Tuvok made their way to the Nazi HQ. Once inside, the two quickly made their way in, quietly sneaking up behind the Nazi soldier who was working at the radio on the second floor. Janeway struck him over the head with a blunt weapon.

"Set the charges here, and there," Janeway said, pointing to two spots in the room. She looked at a piece of paper on the table next to the radio. "This looks like it's from one of their recon teams."

Janeway took the headset off the Nazi slumped in his chair and put it on her own head while Seven looked for a control so she could finish her mission for the Doctor. She found it on a bookshelf, and began quietly removing books while Janeway talked to herself about what she was hearing from the transmitter. Soon she had it exposed, and she began pushing buttons and moving isolinear chips.

"They're moving armored units into the valley," Seven heard Janeway say. "They must know the Americans are coming! We need to… What is that?"

Not good, Seven thought. "I believe it is a transmitter. I am attempting to disable it," she said. As she did so she imagined she could hear Samantha's voice whisper in her ear about what a terrible liar she was.

"You haven't set the charges," Janeway said. "You're trying to send a message to the Nazis."

"No," Seven said. She heard a sound that it took her a few seconds to put together. Janeway had taken her gun out from it's holster.

"Step away or I'll kill you," she said. Seven turned to face her. "I told you, no more mistakes. You just made your last-" Janeway suddenly gasped in pain and grabbed at her neck, right where her neural interface would be.

"I can assume you're back to normal Captain?" Seven said.

"Seven, what the