Carol pressed her lips together in an attempt to stop a painful hiss escaping her. Surprisingly – and luckily - it was working. Hiding in the bushes probably wasn’t the best idea but she really didn’t want Rick and Morgan – especially Morgan – to find her. She made her choice; she was better off alone. She couldn’t handle it anymore, the killing, the people dying, the guilt; it was just too much.

She held her breath as Rick looked around. Even from this distance she could see that Rick was worried but she honestly didn’t know why. Because of these people that were on the way to Alexandria? Maybe because of her? 

“I’m proud of her” she heard him say. “She took four of them out alone.”

Her eyes widened a bit and all of the sudden she found it even harder to breathe. Proud? There was nothing to be proud of. She killed again. As long as they were alive, the killing would just not stop. Something she couldn’t handle anymore.

Carol didn’t know what Morgan replied and frankly she just didn’t care. Of course she understood his point of view, she understood how he didn’t want to kill but that didn’t change the fact they’d have to. To protect their loved ones, themselves. 

“That woman, she is a force of nature.”

She felt her lips form a smile – a small, but a rare honest one.Coming from Rick this was a huge compliment, even though she felt a little sting inside her chest as well. She didn’t like the killing, she never did and now she was at a point where she couldn’t do it anymore. She cared way too much about her family, about Daryl, Rick, Michonne, Carl, Tara, little Judith. Carol would have to kill to protect them and she always would, in a heartbeat, but now she was at her breaking point. She didn’t expect anyone to come after her really, especially not Rick.Maybe he would kill for you too.She ignored her inner voice, tried to keep as quiet as she could, even holding her breathe on a few occasions. “I know what she did at the prison,” she heard Morgans voice. “You exiled her and now you’re risking your life out here looking for her? You’re friends again?” Rick was quiet for a moment, his eyes darting to the ground.“I was wrong. She was right… what she did… by now, I would have done it myself. Back then, I didn’t understand it. And I am not here because we’re friend. I’m out here ‘cause she’s my family.”Family. She was family. For the longest time Carol had seen herself as an outsider, as nothing more than an asset, a weapon for the group… but Rick… he still saw her as family. She belonged to them, to him, she knew that. She wanted to go back, to be back with them but…Before she could finish her thoughts, she felt her body moving. With shaking legs Carol stood up, slowly moving into the direction of the twomen. Ricks hand was resting on his gun when he heard the noise but as soon as he registered who he saw there – injured but alive – he smiled in relief. Rick pulled her carefully into his arms, one of his hands cradling her neck. She closed her eyes, breathing in his scent and leaning her forehead against his shoulder.She was home again.