read every article you'vre written. I know that you're smart, Mr. Ventris. You notice things. You can analyze.”

“Yeah, and I do that for a living. For a magazine. Not for stupid, brainwashed, tabloid chewing schmucks who think I'm goddamned Phillip Marlowe or something! If you're that desperate, contact a real P.I.”

“I don't think those even exist anymore, Mr. Ventris. They're just fakey fake stories, like fairy tales.”

“Are you FUCKING serious. I don't- I can't- Fine. We can meet. But only because talking to you on the phone is one of the most irritating things I've had the displeasure of doing in the past three years. I get off work in 20 minutes. Can you meet me at the Deli on the corner by the office?”

“Uh, I think so, Mr. Ventris. Thank you, you don't know how much-”

With that, Karl hung up the phone, and held his head in his hands. As he ground his eye sockets with his palms in frustration, he realized what a monumentally terrible decision this was. He didn't even know the name of the person who had requested him as a  makeshift P.I., and had no way of knowing if it wasn't just some rabid fan with a knife who was pissed off for him bashing Katy Perry. Knowing his luck, it probably was. He considered telling someone, Naomi, his boss, that douchebag who worked one desk over from him, anyone so that when he inevitably went missing and his body wound up in a sewer in Queens people might actually try to find out who killed him. But he knew he wouldn't. He would get that stare that he always got, the 'I-can't-believe-you-found-something-else-to-complain-about' stare and would promptly be ignored. Or he would summon up some sort of inane, childish shriek of a laugh, if he told Naomi, who would proceed to bug him about 'his secret admirer.' No, no good could come of telling anyone in this despicable pit of inanity.

With 5 minutes left to go on the clock and his cat videos exhausted, Karl began to pack up his things, making sure to lump all of the heavy shit, such as his coffee mug, stapler, and hole punch in one side of his briefcase, and subtly slipped his pocket knife into his right pocket. A guy like him should never be one to start fights, yet out of paranoid delusion that the world was full of idiots who wanted him dead, he still prepared for such occassions.

With an unusually brisk pace to his stepped, Karl clocked out and marched off to meet his inevitable doom.

****

When he entered the cafe, however, he soon figured out that of all the people in New York, this man had to be one of the least threatening ones there could be. Though he was seated, Karl could tell that he was probably a bit taller than his 5'7”, but the way he slouched over in his chair and kept nervously glancing at the doorway told him that this man prbably wouldn't fight back even if someone had punched him square in the jaw. He probably had gotten punched in the jaw a few times, judging by a few bruises on his face and a slightly weary look behind all the nervousness.

“Hey,” said Karl, walking over to his table. “Are you the asshole who called me in the office?”

“Oh, Mr. Ventris, I didn't see you come in. Yes, that would, um, be me. I'm Ross Martin. I'm so glad you could-”

“Look, man, I don't know why the hell you decided to contact me rather than the police, but I am not your solution to this problem,” Karl butted in, quick to assert himself against the weaker willed man.

“I can't go to the police, Mr. Ventris, I told you. It looks like a suicide.”

“Well, what makes it not suicide to you? Maybe your girlfriend just hit some hard times and couldn't take it anymore.”

“You don't understand, Mr. Ventris,” he said, waving his arms. “She had no reason to commit suicide! She never, ever quit, she never said no! And, um, she seemed pretty nervous, the, er, day before. She said she would have to take it on the, um, downlow for a little while.”

“I still don't see why you couldn't tell the police this. Or a P.I. Which, for the record, are completely legit and are not fake. You really think in a society where guys cheat on their wives all the time that there wouldn't be any industry in finding that shit out?”

“My girlfriend, she wasn't...exactly...