. The voids of his memory rise up to protect him, the core power he's gathered surging out with it to safeguard. He knows that something is happening, something is pushing and pulling and gathering, rerouting and storming and gently chiding.

 

He can't tell how long he sits there, confused at the short mental battle, just listening to the two exchanging comments and compliments and jokes, but eventually, in the sunset clouds of his mind, Leo reaches out again.

 


Ah, seems our time has to be cut short. Three of your sisters are returning, Priest. Makkel will be expected in the Hub. Return any time you like, Keyaah. I will watch over you, no matter what. When we get all five Lions together, you might need to mediate.


 


Alright then.


 



Farewell, Keyaah.



 

Keith takes his palm off of the door, smirk bright on his face as he picks up the glove from where he left it, pulling it on and rerouting some of the humming, buzzing energy trapped in the wells of his palms to empty out into the veritable ocean bed waiting in his chest.

 

He shakes out his hands and feet, pins and needles crawling over them from sitting in one place for so long, and takes off back down the hallway.

 

+

 

Allura, suffice it to say, no longer has a firm grasp on reality. For one, even though her life force is tied to the Lions, she can only feel the vaguest of things for them, even though she knows that by all rights she should be able to hear their voices. For another, the Castleship is shining with way too much energy and she doesn't quite know why. For a third, the Castleship isn't even listening to her, and about half of the cameras have been disabled, only to come back online moments later.

 

The tech she spent her whole life around is snidely dancing far away from her, latching onto something else.

 

The strangest thing is, she doesn't feel drained, but the castle is buzzing with an energy it didn't have before. She doesn't even have to power the wormholes to keep them open, they do it all on their own. She rubs her cheek as fury bubbles up in her, sighing, because her Marks always were just a slight bit darker than normal Love ones were supposed to be, tinted with Ferocity.

 

She frowns as she steps away from the pedestals, because for some reason, everything is repairing itself which is terrifying in its own right, and the castle is set to be perfectly ready for takeoff within two days at most.

 

The Paladins seem to be doing fine on the opposite ends of the universe, and Keith wandered off somewhere else a while ago. Allura frowns and arranges her skirt as she sinks down to the floor. Maybe my emotions are interfering... she muses, setting aside her circlet and taking deep, soothing breaths.

 

Coran looks back at her, confused, before continuing to run diagnostics, bewildered and uncertain.

 

Her mind is a landscape of darkness, memories waltzing across the seamless surface, some breaking off into sparks. With sure, quick motions of her hand, she tucks the blindingly colorful scenes in a darker corner. Not now, she thinks, not yet.

 

In the corner of her eye, she can see eight connections. One is to something vibrant orange that feels like Coran through and through. She frowns at the dulled black, sickly yellow, feeble lime, unenthusiastic navy, and a watery pink that doesn't even look close to the blazing red it should be. An electric blue dances teasingly out of her reach, straight into a brilliantly bold scarlet that everything other than the orange seem to gravitate towards, orbit around.

 

She hisses, because those are hers and she is the pri- no. She is the Queen of Altea, and she'll be damned if she lets anyone usurp her throne.

 

Her pain, her fear, all of it mixes and blends seamlessly into something primally known. A rush of adrenaline, running too hot, too dark through her veins, tinging her hatred with terror, trying to push it all back. Fight or flight, and with the way her hands go so smoothly against ship controls, she's obviously meant for flight.

 

But, her Marks, tinted much darker than anyone else she's heard of ever has, say otherwise.

 

Her body, her role, her duties, all of them built for flight. Preserve the royal line, Allura. Fighting is no good for a proper princess. You need to get a personal ship, my lady, much easier to access for escape. The escape pods are to your left, and all you need to do is...

 

On and on and on. Ignoring the fact that both the Green and Red Paladins are both women, both with nerves of steel and minds of something even sharper.

 

So she gathers up her mind, her solemn vows, her spat oaths, her happy promises and her devastated declarations. Her anger roils and spits under her skin, the bone-deep sorrow boiling from the heat of