he trusted more than the man across from him.

It took him three tries with the lighter, but he got the deep breath right the first time. His exhale ended in a cough, and Poe clapped him on the back to help him through it.

“You did good, buddy! Real good!” he added with a laugh.

The two passed the pipe back and forth between themselves a few more times before retiring it and falling back onto the bed with each other.

“How’re ya feelin’, buddy?” Poe asked, clumsily clawing at his blankets in a search for any part of Finn to hold onto, finally discovering what he assumed to be… maybe Finn’s leg?

Finn was admiring the ceiling, his entire body relaxed to a degree he’d never dreamed possible. “It’s… I’m… Me, Finn. I’m… I am… good. This plant is good.”

Poe couldn’t help giggling at Finn, the lifelong Stormtrooper who had led a daring jailbreak and ground assault against the First Order, reduced to incoherent comfort.

“Finn,” he declared, “you’re so… you’re so cute. Do you know that? Do you know that, Finn?”

“Uuuugh!” Finn groaned. “Poe, just… Poe? Just… it’s you. You are the cute one. You know?”

“I don’t know. Tell me again.”

“Poe you’re just so cute. I love your whole face.”

The pilot chuckled. “I love your whole face, but… more.”

Finn gasped, rolling over to pin Poe against the bed. “Poe nooooo, that’s cheating.”

“Hey. Finn! Kiss me. You look really good. Like, really good.”

Finn’s mouth dropped open in excitement, closing it as he leaned down – maybe a bit too fast – to meet Poe’s lips with his own. Their teeth connected briefly but neither seemed to notice or mind.

Poe reached up to grab the back of Finn’s neck as he kissed him, moaning softly when one of Finn’s hands moved down to his pants, sliding underneath and grabbing Poe’s cock. Finn stroked it gently and surprisingly competently for the mental state he was in.

Finn was disappointed when it didn’t become hard almost immediately, like it usually did. He leaned back onto his heels and whined down at Poe in disappointed confusion.

“Do you not want to, or…?” he asked, pouting.

“Finn, sweetie, of course I want to. You just gotta… it’s the plant, buddy. Takes the blood extra time to… get down there or something? I don’t know.”

Finn had stopped listening somewhere after the first sentence, instead focusing on how red Poe’s walls were. He was fascinated. They were incredibly red. How had he not noticed this before? They’d been this color the entire time and he never once stopped to appreciate it.

After several moments of silence and deep thought, Finn turned to look down at Poe again, only then realizing he had, at some point, climbed on top of him.

“Wait, so… Want it? For sure?”

Poe ran his hands down Finn’s back, pulling the man’s shirt off before removing his own. “Want it. For sure.”

Finn smirked, moving down to unbuckle Poe’s pants. His brain knew that he probably didn’t need to pull them off and then throw them across the room, but it felt good and he liked feeling good. He wanted to make Poe feel good too, so he bent down and slid his mouth down around Poe’s cock, coaxing it to attention while his other hand reached up to paw at Poe’s chest.

He may have been fogged out of his mind, but Finn knew how to make Poe happy. He traced his tongue up from the side and around the head, licking at it sloppily. His other hand eventually came down to join him, wrapping his thumb and index finger around the base and firmly stroking it as his mouth sucked Poe down ravenously. Above him, Poe moaned in comfortable satisfaction. Finn moaned back, pleased when he felt the pilot growing hard in his mouth.

“Finn, that’s…  it feels so nice… want you… inside…”

Excitedly, Finn jumped up to remove his pants and underwear. As he stroked himself he looked down in amusement at his own not-yet-hard dick, realizing that Poe was probably right about the plant delaying response in some way.

“Heh. Poe! You were right!” he laughed, looking up at Poe and pointing down at his dick in his other hand.

Poe, who hadn’t taken that mental detour along with him, looked up at him in complete bafflement. “Huh? Wha?”

“It’s my dick!” Finn responded. “It’s like you said! It’s… wait, nevermind. Ignore me.” He giggled to himself