the cuffs, much slimmer than the shackles he had worn when they had first become acquainted, wound a few times around the wooden side poles of the chair between seat and backrest. The tall prosecutor’s eyes rested on his superior and his girlfriend, his face still showing no hint of emotion.

For some reason, his impassivity irked Phoenix. You should react when someone else makes out with your girlfriend.

Whatever ‘game’ it was they were playing, and he was beginning to understand just what it might be, he suddenly found himself tempted to raise the stakes by a few levels. Considering Blackquill had consented not only to watching them, but to being bound and apparently sworn to silence throughout this whole thing, he expected that Athena was going to try and tease some reactions out of him – and he was more than willing to aid her in her endeavor.

She didn’t have to play along in our ‘game’ at all… fair is fair, and I sincerely doubt she’d let him do something we might all regret if he becomes too worked up. After all, Athena had just told him that she was taking ‘full responsibility.’

When he stepped closer to his boyfriend and Athena, she extricated herself from their kiss and grinned up at him.

“I think we’re all still wearing far too many clothes.”

And before Phoenix could respond, her hands were at his belt, loosening the buckle and reaching for the button of his flies underneath. While watching her work, he noticed at the upper periphery of his vision that her bra had come loose, the shoulder straps sliding down towards her elbows. When the cups became dislodged, they gradually revealed perky breasts, slightly smaller than Maya’s, but no less delectable. Miles was now nipping at her neck, the sight making his partner’s heart beat faster as he in turn lifted his hands to cup the soft mounds, tweaking her nipples between the tips of his thumbs and index fingers.

Athena gasped at their touch, herself now shoving Phoenix’s slacks off his hips and palming his awakening erection while reaching for the nape of his neck, drawing him down for an aggressive kiss. Her tongue invaded his mouth deeply, tasting of wine and Miles. After a moment, she was shoved against him rhythmically, and his eyes blinked open to see that his partner was slowly humping against her firm ass.

Phoenix reached around her to open his boyfriend’s pants, lavishing the same attention on his cock he was currently receiving from her, which was a bit awkward with her between them, but well worth the effort, all things considered: she let the back of her head come to a rest against Miles’ shoulder with a small moan, offering her tits to her superior’s mouth.

When his lips closed around one of her rosy nipples, a louder-than-usual exhale from the corner reached his ears, and he had to keep a triumphant little smile from showing on his face.


Finally got you interested, huh, Blackquill? You just wait.


***

When Mr. Wright (no Phoenix, no, Nick) let out a little noise while laving at her breasts, Athena was a bit surprised at the note of triumph in it, particularly since it had occurred right after their spectator’s first audible reaction.

You cottoned on to the game, didn’t you? This evening was getting better and better – even if her superior apparently could not do as she had asked and pay no attention to Simon, Nick had apparently just appointed himself her tacit partner-in-crime, spurred on by the same thoughts as her: to not only gain as much pleasure as possible from this encounter, but to also play at driving her restrained significant other insane.

She suppressed a grin as she crouched and extricated herself from between the two men, who promptly began kissing with abandon while she shimmied out of her leggings and socks, sauntering over to the bed.

Kneeling on the firm mattress, she called out to them, “Oh gu-uys…”

Gray and blue eyes settled on her nude figure, and she crooked her index finger at them, beckoning them to join her.

Miles managed to step out of his fallen slacks with elegant nonchalance, while Nick almost tripped when his did not quite come loose from the heel of his left foot at first, but the next moment, they were on the bed to her left and right, the gray-haired prosecutor in black briefs, her superior in gray boxers, neither of them wearing anything else at this point.

She turned towards Miles, capturing his lips as Nick’s tongue teased against the sensitive skin at the nape of her neck, causing her to moan into his boyfriend’s mouth.

Breaking the kiss, Athena breathed, “Can you two stand on the mattress? I think there’s something I’d like to do…”

They looked at each other, then carefully rose, their weight making the soft surface dip around their feet.

Once both men had found secure footing, she reached up to pull their underwear down, freeing their cocks from the confining final layer