.

“Do you want to talk about something?”

There was nothing left to talk about, Niall thought. “I feel happy here,” is what he said instead.

The doctor looked quite shocked. She fixed her eyeglasses and sat up straight. “What do you mean you’re ‘happy’ in here?”

“Happy. Do I need to explain more of that? I’m happy here. I have friends.” He may be using a big word for this, considering the only friend he had was Harry. But still, Liam and Louis talks to him, and so he could count that and Zayn, well – he never hurt him or did anything to him so he might as well consider their friendship, mutual.

Dr. Oliver doesn’t seem to understand what he’s trying to say – or like his parents, they didn’t want to. “Niall, you do know these kids you’re surrounded with, you can’t make bonds with them and consider them as your ‘friends’. You don’t want to get influenced by their behavior.” She explained.

“I’m not being influenced by anything. I like it here because they understand my situation, they don’t judge me, and they don’t assume things.” Niall kept himself from sounding so pissed off, but seeing the way Dr. Oliver shakes her head was just unbearable.

“You can’t start building your life in here, Niall. It’s not good for you.”

“Where do you want me to start? Outside? Where people don’t even want me to live?” His voice was staring to rise.

“You have to try –“

“Well fuck it – I’m tired of trying. I’ve been trying all this time, and nobody cared – not even my family, not even the lot of you who took my friend away from me.” Niall snapped, standing up and  slamming the door behind him not wanting to hear any more of her voice.

“Didn’t turn out good, eh?” Niall turned around to see Harry, leaning against the wall and twirling a lollipop on his mouth. “You don’t look good with your face scrunched like that.”

Niall lighted up immediately, crooking up a smile as he stepped closer to Harry. “I never liked doctors.”

Harry smirked, “So do I.”

—-

They were on their way to the main hall, when Niall noticed that Liam and Louis were out of his sight. “Where are Liam and Louis?”

“Rooftop,” Harry glanced upwards, “They go in there sometimes, maybe Louis’s up for another adventure or they’re sucking each other off.”

“T-They do that?” Niall paused in the middle of the hall, imagining Liam and Louis doing it in such an open sky.

“Why do you look so shocked? I told you, those two goes on adventures. They get tired sometimes, and probably, horny.” Harry laughed, pulling him by his shoulders. “You looked really surprised, are you against gays or something?”

Niall knew he was blushing again, seeing that smirk on Harry’s face. “N-no. I was – I didn’t know it’s allowed in here.”

“Nick’s a nice man. He let us do what we want as long as we don’t try killing ourselves. He’s got a soft spot for us, y’know.”

Niall nodded, trying not to look bothered by what he just learned.

“Last time you cried, I was afraid you didn’t want to know about their stories anymore, are you still up for it?” Harry asked, both of them taking a seat in the main hall.

“Yeah, sure. I want to know Liam’s story.”

—-

“Liam was a great runner, a fast one. When he was still in school, he could outrun his seniors and those who have longer legs than he is. Everyone started to notice his potential for being more than just a typical runner, but it was never Liam’s intention to be noticed. He just loved running, and that was it. He loved the feeling of seeing these blurred images as he sprints and he feels free.

“He never thought that one thing he does that makes him feel free, was also the same thing that would get it away from him.

“His dad was the one who noticed his potential the most, and he decided he’ll train him so he could join the Olympics. For such a young age, Liam never thought they would be aiming this high. Before everything happened, he was just a teenager wanting to know more about himself, overcome his shyness and ask the girl he liked out for a date.

“But all of it was wiped out in a second his dad finalize his decision. He wasn’t allowed to go out and stay up late; he wasn’t allowed to join any extracurricular activities, believing it could distract his training, hell, he wasn’t