Over the past century, as the human empires have steadily expanded their territory, our colonization efforts have on numerous occasions brought us into conflict with loosely-affiliated tribes of paranormal beings, known collectively to us as “monsters.”

Thus far, the monsters have posed little threat to our interests, their oftentimes fearsome appearance bearing little impact on their pitiful resilience to injury. Nevertheless, the human leaders have begun to grow fearful of their presence: the world’s top scholars have concluded that, should a monster ever kill a human and take their soul, the result will be a being with enough power to kill thousands of human soldiers single-handedly. From there, each new soul a monster takes will increase its strength exponentially, and should a monster acquire seven human souls its power will effectively be infinite.

In order to prepare for this potential threat, the human empires have commissioned the greatest minds of our time to research the force that gives monsters their paranormal abilities: magic. It is their hope that such power will allow our expansion to continue undeterred and stave off any threat monsters might pose to us.

Our research thus far has concluded that monsters themselves are little more than sentient conglomerations of magic, held together by their own souls. The magic that a monster wields in battle is thus no more than an extension of its own body: casting a spell is as natural to a monster as it is for a human to throw a punch. Our bodies, however, do not posses any natural magic within them, and as such we cannot wield it with the ease that monsters can. 

However, unlike those of monsters, our souls contain an infinite quantity of a powerful spiritual essence, which our research suggests represents willpower. Initially, humans are only capable of harnessing the bare minimum of this essence required to perform the everyday functions of living. However, we have found that through years of intense spiritual training, a human is capable of harnessing enough of this essence to shape it into magic of their own. 

It would appear from this that though both our bodies and souls are vastly more powerful than those of monsters, we are nowhere near as efficient at manifesting paranormal abilities. This would explain why a monster with a human soul is so unfathomably powerful: it not only possesses the potentially infinite spiritual power of a human soul, but can also use it far more easily than a human alone.

Over the many years of our research on the nature of magic, we have discovered that all magic can be separated into one of seven different categories. Because of the intense mental training involved in the acquisition of magical abilities, most human mages choose to specialize in the study of a single category. For this reason, these categories are referred to as the seven schools of magic.