leave. He could handle that long, probably. He would leave now, except Phichit had seemed really desperate to have Yuuri go, and even if Yuuri couldn’t say that he would have fun he would, at the very least, stay around a while for his best friend.

     His best friend who had been missing for a while now, and really, did it take that long just to get a couple of drinks? Yuuri strained his neck and stood on the tops of his feet in order to try to see over the crowd. Where had Phichit gotten to? Everything would be a lot more enjoyable if he had the excitable nineteen year old around, and Yuuri knew he even would enjoy himself as long as he was hanging out with his friend. After a minute of looking for Phichit to no avail, Yuuri sighed and leaned back against the wall. There were so many people there, it wasn’t unlikely that Phichit had simply gotten waylaid by someone he knew or because he went to the wrong corner to find Yuuri. That’s what he tried to keep in mind as he hunched his shoulders, drawing in closer to himself. Yuuri had never really done well in crowds, especially not with music pulsing through the room and people dancing in less than appropriate ways. He blushed just looking at them, thankful that his corner was fairly empty. There was only a couple sitting a few tables away, leaning close and whispering in each other’s ear. Trying to give them some privacy, Yuuri looked back down and started fiddling with his tie again. A few more minutes passed in this way before a couple of shoes entered his field of vision, followed by someone clearing their throat. Yuuri glanced up, wondering if Phichit had his mouth full and that was the reason he didn’t speak to him, when his eyes met the person in front of him and he froze.

     ‘No no no no,’ Yuuri moaned inwardly, face already growing heated as he saw the man in front of him. ‘Please I can’t handle speaking to him.’

     The man in front of him gave him a big smile, his blue eyes crinkling at the corners and causing Yuuri to hold back a wheeze because he was just so beautiful what the hell.

     “Are you Yuuri?” He asked, voice thick with a Russian accent.

     Yuuri, eyes still wide and face eternally flushed, stammered, “Y-yes.”

     The man’s smile widened, and he held his hand out to Yuuri palm up. “Nice to meet you, I’m Viktor. Would you like to dance with me?”

     Those words made Yuuri go ramrod straight. He stopped breathing, and his heart was pounding in his chest. The only thing racing through his mind was ‘WHAT’.

     After Yuuri didn’t immediately respond to the man’s- Viktor’s- offer, his own eyes grew wide and he hastily retracted his hand. “Um, I didn’t mean to offend you o-or anything, it’s fine if you don’t want to I completely understand-”

     “Why?” Yuuri managed to choke out, his voice barely above a whisper. The man stopped his frantic blabbering and frowned, tilting his head to the side and leaning closer to Yuuri.

     “Sorry, what was that? I couldn’t hear you over the music.”

     Clearing his throat, Yuuri repeated, this time a bit louder, “Why do you want to dance with me? I-I mean, I’m just standing over here in the corner and you’re so-” Yuuri shoved his hands over his mouth before he could continue and embarrass himself even more, his blush returning with a vengeance.

     Viktor pursed his lips and gave Yuuri a small smile, seemingly glad that Yuuri hadn’t seemed to want to reject him. “I’ve noticed you in a couple of my classes, and I’ve always wanted to talk to you but every time I even looked in your direction you would bolt out of the room. I didn’t know if you would be here tonight, but while I was at the punch table your friend, I think he said his name was Phichit, told me that you would be around in a corner somewhere if I wanted to talk to you,” His grin had grown wider, and now Yuuri could see a hint of pink on his cheeks as well.

     However, Yuuri was distracted by something else Viktor had said. “Phichit told you to come talk to me?” His shoulders slumped, the small hope that had begun to grow in his chest suddenly dying. Viktor blinked at the sudden change in Yuuri’s demeanor, and Yuuri sighed before saying, “You don’t have to do what he asks, he probably just asked you to because he knows that I would be hiding over here and that I have the biggest crush-” Once again, Yuuri’s hands flew to cover his mouth, although this time a little late. He swore that he could feel a bit of his soul leave his body at that moment, and Yuuri wanted nothing more