I want to be by your side in all eternity."

   After the end they reach out to each other and meet their lips slowly and softly. With the incredible softness of the touch they both feel shivering speard to whole body. It's the feeling that they havn't ever got knowledge of. Merlin sees the firework in his mind eyes. Arthur feels the thousand of butterflies in his stomach. It does not like anything. They kiss like never want to stop. Arthur licks and sucks intensely Merlin's whole soft lips. He can't tell how he is feeling now. It's not just a kiss. It's making up and filling up for the past. It's endless promise for the future. He can kiss Merlin forever like that. Merlin is melting with happiness and unbelief of Arthur kisses him that earnest. All are real and are felt like home. Like the lost pieces of the puzzle is filling finally.

   They kiss for hours and still can't get enough, hugging and cuddling in each other arms nearly bone crushing. No one will ever know that still alive is that good. Still alive together with loved one is much better. Still alive with loved one and can kiss them all the time as wanted is bestest best blessing of every thing. Night is deep and dark. Campfire is blazing brightly. Magical creatures are dancing in the air. Fireflies on pine tree are twinkling. Arthur and Merlin are still kissing willingly and unstoppably.

 

   Arthur and Merlin are so happy, fresh and getting freedom together. Merlin makes a small and lovely cottage that living enough for two at appropriate clearing. He also makes meals from fishing, vegetables and using his magic. They are feeling like a teenager couple in camping. Arthur hadn't been happy in his entire life like now. He is getting used to with daily movement and surrounding. He's really satisfied and content with present condition. Espsecially when being together all the time with his love without far away each other from more than a hair.

   Merlin's known that the place where they arrived at is not way too far from Camelot and his native Elador, not too far to could not travel, since after next morning of their arrival. When he estimates and finds the distance to two places with his magic, they are about three nights long walking trips from here. Merlin wants to ask Arthur if he want to go back Camelot or may be Elador. His mother could be still there. They could live in there like normal villagers. Arthur's ever said about he wanted to become a farmer. A farming with Arthur might be nice living. Or coming back to Camelot and taking what Arthur's real properties back might be nicer. He doesn't want to continue his thoughts about what are also included in those Arthur's properties. His five kingdoms, his king position, his throne and his queen. If fortunately or unfortunately, the heir of Pendragon could be listed in it. He didn't know any news from Camelot since after leaving.

   They wake up together every morning. If Arthur awake first he wakes Merlin up with peppering kisses on Merlin whole face. Merlin will wake with happy giggling. If it's Merlin he doesn't do Arthur, just cuddling more and sleeping back. They eat together breakfast. Then they walk around nearings, fishing or plucking fruits and vegetables. Everytime after meals they go to a meadow with beautiful blosooms, take a rest and nap and talk this and that. Kissing, cuddling, making out and snogging are essential stuff in those quality time. At night Merlin makes a small campfire and various kinds of magical show for Arthur's entertainment. Arthur always watchs these shows likingly and happily like a child in festivities, curling up in Merlin's arms. And finally they sleep together on a bed, Merlin pillows on Arthur's chest or Arthur does Merlin's.

  After living a month like that Merlin starts to test the water on Arthur about his opinion on Camelot, Elador, somewhere or here. Previously Arthur always shrug those questions off. He doesn't want to take a risk on his present perfection because of whatever. But sometimes he thinks that he shouldn't be selfish and should check Camelot's aftermath at least one time. One day of their usaul meadow rest Arthur says Merlin about Camelot for the first time.

   "Merlin what did you know something about Camelot after I've left?"

   "Nothing. I went back there once for a day and left back soon after I've told the news what they should know. Never goes back till now. It has been one year and one month and twenty days now."

   "Ah is it that long? thought one month in here and twenty one days in there."

   "You were stopped lately. How you would have know about how long it has been."

   Merlin avoids the word 'dead'.

   "I was curious about the aftermath of battle and what would be happened about Albion."

   Merlin exhales the sigh sneakly. Arthur anyhow hears that.

   "Do you want to go back there Arthur?"