trouble with a new one, or want more information they send the creature your way for study. Very few can say that, heck didn’t you just release a breeding pair of giant eagles into the Forbidden Forest? Eagles sent by the head of Mahoutokoro and their Caretaker of all people, just as a sign of good will towards the new Care of Magical Creatures Professor here. Well more so because it was you, you are quite the well know magizoologist.”


 


“I am not necessarily sure that it was just my skill in magizoology that got me those eagles, half the time it is people trying to curry favor with the Blacks or heaven forbid the Lestranges. For whatever reason, probably old Pureblood alliances, even though I had thought we had moved passed that.”


 


“If it were Durmstrang I would agree, but Navi this is Mahoutokoro. No Dark affiliation there. You need to stop assuming the worst of everyone. Some people do see good when they look at you.” Scott retorted, holding back a sigh. She didn’t know what else she could say to convince Sagitta of the truth. So she said nothing, and focused on finishing her potion brewing.


 


They sat in silence for awhile, Scott brewing the potions, Sagitta contemplating what was said. Scott was right, she did tend to see the worst in people but could anyone blame her? Too many expected her to follow the ways of the Purebloods and her family before her. It was no wonder she had grown jaded but Scott never ceased to remind her of the fact that there was still some Light even when she was surrounded Dark.


 


After a half hour of silence, with Scott brewing and Sagitta being a pest and exploring every nook and cranny of Scott’s space while managing to get underfoot in every way possible, Scott gave a sigh and poured the final potion into a vial. “There all done, now Sagitta please stop making a nuisance of yourself and kindly stop making a mess of my space.”


 


Sagitta gave a guilty look, but acknowledged the fact that the corner she had taken to spending her time in had become quite messy with little baubles she had picked up while exploring Scott’s space as well as books she had found interesting and left partially opened scatterer all around her chosen chair. “Sorry Scott, I’m not the greatest guest am I?” She cocks her head and shoots Scott a ‘forgive me’ glance.


 


“Ya, ya. Just go back to your quarters Sagitta. It’s late and I know you are anxious to get this all over. Just be safe ok? Like I said before, this school would be a lot worse off if it lost you. If we lost you.” Scott flushes slightly, this was the closest she had come to telling Sagitta about her budding feelings. But apparently the other woman was as oblivious as always, because she didn’t acknowledge the comment or the flush. She simply flashed a smile and gave a nod as she rose gracefully from the chair.


 


“I suppose seeing as you asked so nicely.” Sagitta scoops up the three potion vials, and begins to leave. As she exits Scott’s quarters she turns, “And Scott, thank you. Truly. I promise, I will be here to bug you again tomorrow morning, no exceptions. So stop worrying. They are just dreams, they can’t hurt me.” Sagitta hid the fear she felt quite well, Scott didn’t hear the slight shiver in her voice or see the worry in her eyes. Yes she was excellent at masking her true feelings with false bravado but the dreams did scare her and she could only hope that what she was telling Scott would prove true in the light of day tomorrow morning.


 


Sagitta gave one last smile before exiting the room with a wave. She then begins the walk back to the Slytherin wing of the castle in an almost zombie like daze, lost in the thoughts of what tonight could possibly bring. Gods she would do anything for the cessation of the dreams but first she needed to get through the dream once. And what would that entail? She shivered at the thought, mindlessly walking through the hallways. Her brain registers passing students and other professors but none reach out to her to engage. Almost as an afterthought her brain registers that it is time for dinner but it wasn’t the sorting banquet so her presence was not required. Which was good, as she was in no state to attend. Let Mikhail take over the Slytherins for tonight, after all it had been his job for years. Suddenly she was jolted out of her waking dream by the sight of the door to her quarters, she had progressed through the entire school without even processing it. Sagitta waved a hand before the lock, which clicked open in recognition of her magic and entered the suite. As the door clicked shut behind her, she felt the gentle wave of magic as the silencing spell reengaged. She immediately heads for her bedroom, setting the three vials on her bedside table and shrugging off her professor’s robes. She quickly hangs them up before selecting a tank top and pair of