in a predatory smile. Glancing around the room, you notice that no one has caught this small exchange between you and the king.  You watch the other members of the room and decide that they were too focused on the matters at hand—bickering amongst themselves—to have noticed that.

You begin to wonder what else you could get away with. You had never thought yourself to be an exhibitionist, but you decide to make an exception for the King Under the Mountain.

You watch as Thorin’s eyes move back to Balin. The dress you are wearing is low-cut—a wondrous example of what your people can do with a needle and thread.

It would be all too easy to tease your nipples the second Thorin looks back to you. You start to move your fingers right above your breasts, a gentle caress of your own fingers. The men at the table turn to face you to make their inquiry, you respond and they move back to the map in front of them.

But Thorin’s eyes stay.

And that’s when you slip your hand down the front of your dress and pull your breast just enough that he can see you rub the hardened flesh there. With your other hand, you slowly lick the tip of your finger and circle it around your nipple.

And that’s definitely got his attention.

You’re sure you hear a deep growl emanating from the king’s throat and that makes you want to laugh—who knew it would be so easy to rile him up?

You should have guessed.

You wonder how much more it will take to get him hard. Something tells you he’s already half-hard and fighting it. You remove your hands from your chest and lean forward on the table, resting your chin in your hand.

How far can I push you is written in your eyes. You’re both curious about that.

You want to wind your fingers in his thick hair and pull. Force his face up and slap it. Bring the great king to his knees.  

You lean back in your chair, slinging a leg over the arm and pulling your skirts up just so. You don’t do much yet.


Let him stew. 


A few more minutes of heated glances pass by before you pull your skirts up the rest of the way so he can see your dripping pussy.

The others at the table are still arguing. When you try to meet his gaze, his eyes are effectively trapped somewhere else. You make a small noise in your throat and his eyes shoot back to yours.

And you know, in that moment, with eyes blown wide and a flushed and breathless look to him, that you have him.

For now, you have won.

With that knowledge behind you, you slide your fingers in between your folds and rub the bundle of nerves there. Your mouth parts and your head tilts back as you try to stifle the moan.

Your fingers slide down the length of your sex. You gently slip your fingers inside yourself, teasing both of you. Your fingers are covered it your own wetness and you bring them to your lips and lick them clean. It is an agonizingly slow movement and you can see that Thorin’s resolve is waning.

You move your fingers back down to your sex and continue to pleasure yourself. Thorin’s almost gone mad with desire—you can clearly see the burn in his eyes. At any moment now, he is going to snap; shove everyone out and take you.

That is what is obviously written in his eyes, but that is not how it will happen. Oh no. You will win.

As you continue to pleasure yourself, your other hand comes up to cup your breast and squeeze. You can feel yourself coming close to the edge. In a moment of inspiration, you decide on your next action.

You straighten yourself and fix your skirts; you make sure there is no sign of your previous debauchery before you stand.

The advisors look up.

“If you’ll give the king and I a moment, gentlemen,” you say.

They nod, grumbling, and leave. Thorin looks at you again. Another challenge.

After the door has closed and you are completely alone, you walk over to him. Before he can say anything, you put your fingers in his hair and pull.

He makes a surprising moan.

“Like that, do you?” you ask.

He doesn’t have to answer that. The half-lidded look he gives you is more than enough proof.

“Thought you were going to win there for a moment, didn’t you?” Another sharp tug. “How wrong you were.”

You slide yourself up on to the table in front of him and guide his mouth to your sex, keeping a hold of his hair. His hands come up and wrap around your thighs. He roughly pulls you closer to him, effectively burying his face in you.

He licks a stripe up your wet sex before sucking and biting briefly on your clit. You moan at this movement, wriggling against him to try and get more friction.