completely naked on the bed, lying stretched out beside the still half-dressed angel and oh God, was that a leer on Castiel’s face? It was, wasn’t it? 

"Cas." Dean moaned and didn’t know where to put his hands. 

"I like you like this, Dean." Castiel admitted easily and dropped the lube on the bed. Shit, had he known Dean kept a tube in his duffle or had he guessed it? Read Dean’s mind? Seen Dean use it while pleasuring himself? Dean’s hips rolled desperately and he groaned almost in pain when his heated dick met not friction whatsoever. 

"Cas, just, fuck…"

Castiel put a steady hand on Dean’s trembling leg and Dean inhaled sharply but some of the desperation eased with the warmness spreading from the angel’s hand. "I will take care of you, Dean." Castiel promised and shit, if Dean couldn’t see the obscenely tented boxers he would have thought the angel was completely unaffected. 

"Please, Cas." He whispered and yeah, Dean Winchester was spreading his legs like a goddamn whore and loving it. Was embarrassed by his own behavior, sure, but still loving it because fucking yes, Castiel’s eyes were shining brightly with barely contained lust. 

The hand Castiel had rested on Dean’s leg twitched before he turned to the laptop to start the video up again. He hummed while he watched and coated his fingers with sticky lube. Dean was squeezing the base of his dick, desperately needing some pressure but not wanting too much. He was watching the angel’s stoic face and imagined he could see a thousand emotions behind those blue eyes. 

"They do it from behind." Castiel stated suddenly and Dean blinked confusedly. 

"Wha…?"

Castiel grabbed Dean’s thigh, just behind his knee, and pushed it up against Dean’s sweaty stomach. He nodded at the video but his laser focus was on Dean’s twitching ass. "In the video, they do it from behind. I do not wish to do it like that." Dean glanced over to the laptop and sure enough, the big guy was once again finger fucking the smaller one. Dean nodded slowly and tried to not be too affected with the feeling of Castiel’s scorching gaze on his most private parts. 

"Okay." He mumbled and dared through the humiliation of lying bared like this look at the angel. 

"I wish to see your face when I do this, Dean." Castiel deadpanned and fucking hell, Dean’s dams just broke. Broke like he suspected they were wont to do every time they did something like this. 

His body reacted to his psychological melt down by pulling his other leg up for easy access and trying to arch his back at the same time. And yeah, that was totally a whine that escaped him. 

"Yes, Cas." He all but sobbed, feeling crazed with need. "Anything you want." 

Castiel leaned down over him, brushing his lips against Dean’s ear even as his fingers brushed Dean’s fluttering entrance. "Do not worry, Dean." Castiel mumbled and Dean craned his neck for better access. "I will take care of you." He stated once again and yeah, Dean was totally pressing down on the angel’s fingers by now, wanting them inside so badly he thought he might catch on fire. 

He groaned deeply when the first finger slid in because it burned but it was such a good burn. So grounding and so acute that he could do nothing but grab at the angel and buck onto the finger. Castiel kept it slow, though, either because he didn’t want to hurt Dean or simply because he wanted to. Maybe because he wanted to tease and that was the reason Dean stuck with because yes…

He goddamn keened when Castiel pulled out and added some more lube before reinserting and adding another finger in one stroke. The burn was palpable but he needed it so much he was leaking a steady stream onto his heaving stomach by now. Dean had never had anything up his ass, not even his own fingers, so the feeling was unfamiliar and kind of humiliating for some reason but when he thought about Castiel being inside him he wanted more and want it now. 

Castiel was alternating between studying Dean’s face, asshole and the porno. His face was a calm mask of concentration but Dean could feel his erection burning in his boxers. He was pressed close against one of Dean’s thighs, the leg propped up against his shoulder as he all but bent Dean in half and it felt good, being pinned down and also being able to feel the effect this was having on the angel. But Dean needed more; needed to feel more. So he peeled off one on the hands he had had plastered against Castiel’s torso and let it drift down. Skimmed over a quivering hip and then just grabbed Castiel’s ass to pull him closer, to force him to roll against Dean’s willing body and fucking hell, Castiel’s eye widened and his fingers faltered inside Dean. 

"