mushrooms grew from her strawberry blond hair.

“EHHH!?” Mikan yelled, as she dropped her fork onto her plate.

“This food... This food is delicious... Too delicious...” Junko said as tears welled up in her eyes. “I'll eat and eat and eat far more than I'm supposed to... I'll grow fat and ugly... My despairingly perfect figure will die... and now I want to die... And it's all Tsumiki's fault...”

“I'M SORRY! I'M SO SORRY!” Mikan said, as tears rolled down her face. “Please hit me!! Kick me!! Punish me as you see fit!! I'd rather be torn apart than make you-”

“Just kidding!” Junko replied, as she continued to eat the food happily.

Mikan blinked in confusion and then laughed hysterically as she continued to eat as well. Her hands trembled anxiously as she tried to hold onto her fork.

“C-Coldly playing with my emotions and tricking me like that! Hehehe! I'm so stupid! Heeheehee! I love it so much! You treat me... so... so lovingly!” Mikan marveled as the Ultimate Despair helped herself to a glass of champagne. The twin-tailed fashionista smiled as the glass touched her lips while she looked down at the chaos that unfolded below her, as numerous adults ran for their lives as rampaging Monokuma robots pursued them relentlessly. After a few moments she looked over at Mikan, an uncharacteristically warm smile adorning her lips.

“You know, maybe it's the alcohol, but I want to confess, spending time with you is actually kinda fun,” Junko said, resting her hand on her wrist. She eyed Mikan longingly as the nurse looked down at her lap. “You're just so hopelessly pathetic! I actually feel a smidgen of guilt for how I treat you - especially since, well, you know, I'm like, totally the cause of you losing your mind in the first place. Thinking back to how I first brainwashed you actually fills me with nostalgia. It's so despairing...”

Mikan Tsumiki squirmed in her seat as she heard “despairing” fall from Junko's lips. The word itself carried an erotic ring when uttered by the Ultimate Despair. The image of her being forced to watch the twisted horror of the Despair Video floated in her mind as she listened to her Mistress recall the moment her fate was irrevocably changed forever. A clumsy smile formed on her lips as she listened to Junko with rapt attention, too nervous to look at her directly.

“This strange bond we share. The feeling I get from tormenting you. I love it! I can't believe you make me actually feel these pangs of despair in my heart.  It's... It's all so arousing!” The Ultimate Despair smiled as she ran her booted foot along Mikan Tsumiki's leg. The nurse jumped in her seat, shocked at the forward display of affection from one whose displays of attention usually bent towards the sadistic side.

“Hey, Tsumiki...” Junko rose from her chair slowly and stood next to Mikan. She leaned close to the Ultimate Nurse, her chest bouncing suggestively near her face. “What can I do for you?”

“E-Ehhhh!?” Mikan said looking up, her face bright red as she looked up at the bright blue orbs of the Ultimate Fashionsita.

“I asked what would you like?” Junko said, smiling an uncharacteristically affectionate smile. “What can I do for you? Is there something I can cook for you? Would you like me to give you a bath? Or perhaps, would you like me?”

“...A-A lowly, f-f-filthy sow like me? Y-You do something for m-m-me?” Mikan asked nervously.

“Awww! My dear Mikan is so shy ♥ !” Junko marveled as she ran her fingers through the nurse’s jet-black hair.

“...Y-You're teasing me, aren't you? Hehehe, I get it! I'm so stupid, and ugly! There's no way you actually mean it!” Mikan said, laughing as she looked away.

“It’s a Limited Time Offer, so you gotta tell me what you want within the next 10 seconds, okay ♥ ?” The Ultimate Despair answered, tilting her head cutely.

“H-H-Huh???” Mikan's jaw dropped in shock and surprise.

“10, 9, 8...” Junko said in a sing-song voice.

“W-Wait! A-Are you serious? W-Would you really do all that f-for me?” Mikan asked as she leaned forward in her chair eagerly.

“7, 6.... Uh oh! I'm getting bored! 2, 1...!” Junko teased.

“O-Okay! I want-” Mikan gasped.

“Zero! Too late!” Junko interrupted.

“Huuuuuh?! N-NOOOOOO!” Mikan cried out as she pulled her hair in frustration.

“My dear, lil' Tsumiki...you missed your