asked himself that, he just wants to. But he feels like he has to say something.

“Because it’s something I’m good at and – I need that.”

Her smile’s a different as she says, “I think you should, and I wish you good luck.”

“Thanks.” He means it, he wasn’t really sure if it was a good idea. He’s always been impulsive, even before the depression-anxienty combo made it worse.

When he leaves the office, he sees a boy sitting on a yellow chair obviously waiting for his own appointment.  

“Hey Hu, you can go in now."

“Hey, Raleigh, thanks.” He says and pats his shoulder on his way in.

Hu and his brothers are in the lacrosse team since they started high school, and they were there with Raleigh when he was first line. They were good and since then, he’s seen them get better under Coach Vanessa’s guidance.  

He hasn’t work with her because she replaced the last coach, who refused to let Chuck Hansen on the team because a girl could get hurt. Raleigh shakes his head at that. Now, Hansen’s captain of the team - which he doesn’t know how to feel about, but she earned it, and he’s determined to earn his place too. 

 

* * *

 

AP English, AP Biology and now, AP Calculus. Newt’s life’s the same as always.

He hides the Batman comic he was reading under his textbook when the teacher asks him to take the chalk. She has this idea that friendly competition is good for them, and now they have to stand in pairs in front of the blackboard and solve an equation as fast as they can and decide if they rather lose so the other person doesn’t hate them, or win to prove they aren’t stupid.

He still solves the equation very fast, but his partner puts the chalk down way before him and leaves Newt to blinking stupidly at him.

Then he notices who he was going against. Hermann Gottlieb. Well, that’s not fair. 

Newt frowns at him even though he knows it’s childish, and Hermann raises an eyebrow at him. The teacher calls up the next pair and Newt returns to his seat to sulk.

What is Hermann Gottlieb even doing in high school anymore? How the NASA hasn’t kidnapped him yet?

Newt tries to go back to his comic but he can’t, he glances at Hermann and he’s not even upset anymore. Hermann’s interesting to him in ways very few people are. His mind works in a way Newt hasn’t ever seen.  If it didn’t sound so creepy, he would ask to be allowed to get know his brain better. Hermann would surely hit him with his cane, Newt thinks.

Hermann glances back at Newt and he looks away but it probably wasn’t fast enough.

 

* * *

 

“So, wait,” they’re sitting at a table under the windows at the cafeteria, Chuck keeps scanning the flow of students, distracted, “you skipped 8th grade?”

“Yeah.”

“We’re on the same grade?”

“Yeah.” At last Chucks gives up on whatever she was doing and beams at her. “So why are you back Mako? Missed me too much?”

Mako huffs, obviously something happened while she was gone that increased Chuck’s ego to titanic proportions. It was probably the lipstick. “Actually, Sensei got a call, we had to come back.”

“What kind of call?” asks Chuck, picking a slice of fruit with her perfect manicured fingers. “He’s still retired, right?” Herc Hansen and Mako’s father were in the same unit when both of them were piloting for the military.

“Yes,” she picks at her lunch too, “I don’t know, a personal call.” She lies, shrugging. Chuck doesn’t seem inclined to inquire more. Mentioning her father has that kind of effect.

Not for the first time she notices people glancing at her. She’s receiving way too much attention and she knows it’s because of Chuck. Mako doesn’t know how high her friend is in the popularity ladder, but she’s willing to bet it’s pretty high.

“You can ask.” Chuck’s smile is pleased.

“Just to clear it up.” She gestures vaguely. “How popular are you?”

“I like to think at this point I already transcended popularity.”

“How? What’d you do?” Mako laughs.

“Sacrificed a virgin every full moon.”

Mako’s face must do something that shows how not funny she finds that, because Chuck sighs. “Sorry, Sasha’s rubbing up on me. Hey! Speak of the devil.”

Sasha – the blonde girl from her class - strides to their table holding the hand of a downright gorgeous blond boy. They’re both stunning and Mako feels a little intimidated. Sasha notices Mako and nods at