, and really a great sister to Rodney and a good family member, but... Maybe it was Carson's own restrictions on personal versus private space.

He was pretty sure John felt a little like that as well. The Colonel had always been hesitant about crossing boundaries and this was pushing a lot. Still, if Rodney meant what he said, John was going to have to get used to him.

"Shh John, it’s okay. You're safe now."

He heard the hitch of breath, the unsteadiness before anything actually happened, before John moved. It fell into stillness, like John was afraid he was being attacked. "Hnn."

"Shh, lad, it's only me," Carson murmured. "You were having a nightmare."

He made it sound fine that it was happening. Actually, he would've been worried if he didn't have nightmares. That would've been very concerning. But that didn't mean he liked to see John suffer like this.

Carson preferred for John to sleep well, but the nightmares meant that at least his subconscious was addressing matters, even if John consciously avoided them. He functioned mostly well day to day, played with Alex, talked casually with Rodney (and played with him, if Carson were honest, because sometimes the two of them reminded him of boys not much older than Alex, and it hadn't just been the little ones who'd been out there in the snow), and did everything that seemed normal.

And in this situation, that wasn't normal. Jeannie had said John had talked a little and she didn't know what a miracle that was. They had gone for years in life and death situations and he'd never mentioned his family. Or anyone back home and the whole disowning thing. It had been there when they had met John's father but never exactly spelled out. It was Dave who said he wasn’t sure but he had a feeling that it had to do with being gay and going into the Air Force.

Which was an oxymoron, and if he'd wanted to ruin John's ambitions he could have mentioned the first part to the second part of the problem and solved at least the Air Force issue.

John was still now, still and quiet, and he was probably feigning sleep.

He stroked him gently, letting his arms rest loosely around him, keeping himself as close as he dared. "I know you're awake, John. It's okay, trust me. If you don't want me here, I’ll go."

"Shouldn't you be upstairs?"

A response. Well that was interesting. "Not when you need someone here. And Rodney no doubt would do it if he wasn't sleeping like a log," Carson murmured. "He does know, John, in case you think otherwise."

"You're a pair." John shifted, struggled with the bedding that he'd knotted himself up in, but he didn't push Carson away. It was a small couch and gravity itself could do the work there.

"A right pair as my ever sainted mother would say," Carson chuckled and then subsided a little. "John, you don't have to talk, you can just listen if you want but I think you need to know and understand a few things. About Rodney, about everything. I know you must be feeling out of place right now. We all felt like that to a certain extent when we came back, so I’m sure yours is worse. But Rodney, Rodney was lost without you. And I always felt like I was... stepping into a space for him, which is something he gets annoyed with me for thinking. I can't help it though. But he wants you to be a part of all of our lives and I certainly don't object as long as I don't lose Rodney or Alex. In fact, I think it's a wonderful idea because...well, we all know how easy it is to not be there when you desperately want to be."

"I don't want to take this from you. It feels like I've stepped into someone else's happy ending. Family, and shelter and--"

"That's my point, John, your happiness doesn't have to come at the expense of someone else’s, it is going to add to it," Carson said softly. "Perhaps you don't know how much we grieved for you. Probably you wouldn't believe it, but well, tears were definitely shed over you." He smiled a little. "Speaking for myself there."

In a strange way it was one of his strengths, the ability to make himself vulnerable like that. John shifted, eyes slit open. "Why?"

Why? Only John would ask why. "Because, because you're you, John. Someone special to all of us. Because you were the heart of Atlantis, the city, the community we