baby cry?”

 

Logan sighs, holding his arms open.

 

“No. Daddy’s sorry. I didn’t mean to yell, I’m just sleepy. Come here.”

 

Timidly, Alex crawls into bed next to Logan, who hugs her and kisses the top of her head.

 

“Was it a scary dream?” Rory asks, Caroline’s cries turning into whimpers.

 

“Yes,” Alex sniffs, and Logan arranges her so that she’s lying on his chest, his arm securely around her.

 

“It’s okay, Lexi Lu. You don’t have to be scared. Daddy’s got you.”

 

--

 

Two weeks after Caroline’s birth, April comes to visit, making the Gilmore-Danes kitchen table very crowded in the best kind of way.

 

“It made sense. I was always leaning toward a chem major. I just love chem labs,” April explains.

 

“Me, too,” Rory agrees.

 

“Beakers, clamps.”

 

“Test tubes, Bunsen burners,” Logan supplies.

 

“But,” April continues, “I love philosophy, too. Metaphysics? Can’t get enough.”

 

“I once got in trouble for cheating on a metaphysics exam,” Lorelai says. “I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.”

 

“You took metaphysics?” April asks.

 

“No, that was Woody Allen.”

 

“Woody Allen took metaphysics?”

 

“It’s from Annie Hall, the movie,” Rory explains.

 

“I only watch German silent films.”

 

“Oh, boy, I remember that phase,” Lorelai says, smiling up at Luke.

 

“When did you punch a hole in your nose?” he asks, moving closer to April.

 

“Everyone has holes in their nose, Poppa,” Alex explains matter-of-factly.

 

“Uh, read the Constitution,” April argues. “I’m twenty-two. I get to adorn my body as I see fit.”

 

Luke puts his hands up in surrender. “You’re right. You’re twenty-two. Punch all the holes you want.”

 

April turns to Alexandra, showing her the nose ring.

 

“Aunt April has an extra hole in her nose, with shiny jewelry in it.”

 

“Ooh!” Alex claps her hands in appreciation. “Can I have one of those, Daddy?”

 

“When you’re twenty-two,” Logan answers.

 

“Are you gonna join us?” Lorelai asks Luke.

 

“When I can.”

 

“Oh, I took some great linguistics courses, too. I mean, it’s MIT. Noam Chomsky walked the halls. I met him. Chatted with him, laughed with him. He’s my idol.” April grins widely.

 

“Well,” Lorelai jokes, “to Noam is to love him.” April only gives her a blank stare, and she taps the top of the wine bottle in front of her. “Uh, is this thing on?”

 

“So,” Rory asks, “what are you doing this summer before graduate school?”

 

“Oh, well, first, I’m gonna do some traveling with friends. We’re hitting a few states to canvass for pot legalization.”

 

“For what?” Luke asks.

 

“It’s about civil liberties,” April explains. “It just happens to be about pot.”

 

“You just made it sound way less fun,” Logan laughs, and Rory nudges him with her elbow.

 

“Do you smoke pot?” Luke asks.

 

“No,” April answers simply.

 

Lorelai turns to Logan and Rory, pantomiming inhaling a joint, and they nod and smile.

 

--

 

Rory is in her old room—which is technically completely April’s now that she and Logan have a whole house in Stars Hollow—trying to wrangle the pack-and-play so that she and Logan can hopefully put Caroline and Alex down to sleep upstairs long enough to watch a movie with the adults, when April comes in.

 

“Can I talk to you?” she asks, and Rory sits on the ottoman at the foot of the bed, patting the spot beside her.

 

“Of course.”

 

“So, I totally smoke pot,” she admits.

 

“I figured.”

 

“Don’t tell Dad.”

 

“I don’t think he would mind,” Rory shrugs. “Just don’t operate a forklift after.”

 

“Right. A forklift. You have an excellent sense of humor.”

 

“Thank you.”

 

“I don’t have a great sense of humor. I know that. I’m working on it. I bought a joke book.”

 

“That’s good.”

 

“It’s hard to have a sense of humor in college these days.”

 

She breathes heavily for a moment, and Rory turns toward her, concerned.

 

“April?”

 

“I never met Noam Chomsky. I made it up.”

 

“Oh.”

 

“And I’ve only smoked pot once. I ate so much cheese after.”

 

“That’s okay.”

 

“I’m still kind of searching.”

 

“Nothing wrong with searching.”

 

“I think I’m having an anxiety attack.”