.

You crossed your knees, trying to to jitter too much from the unsettling ball of nerves in the pit of your stomach.

The slit in your evening dress revealed a small expanse of your thigh to 76, who had been staring at you the entire time from the hallway to now.

He watched as the black fabric stretched just a little and showed you had worn garters to help conceal the fact you had a weapon holster on beneath your dress.

You were so lost in thought about how stupid you felt that you didn’t hear him swallow, but his cough got your attention.

“Need a drink?” You asked, completely unaware of his rather obvious thoughts.

“Oh yes.” his voice was almost hoarse, and very tense. He had simply ignored everything about you besides your performance on the battlefield before, but now all he could focus on, all he could see was how completely sexual every move you made was.

Your lips were pouty, covered in a delicious shade of red that he couldn’t get out of his mind. Your legs were enticing and soft, and he wondered how they would feel locked around his waist as he kissed you again.

He growled to himself, angry that he was loosing his cool for a woman. He had never had this issue before. And all over one stupid kiss.

The moment the town car stopped in front of the hotel, he opened the door and nearly jumped out of the car. He was so antsy that he didn’t realized he slammed the door shut.

He was tearing his bowtie off as he stormed up the steps and into the lobby, heading straight for the room to change and leave again.

After hastily paying the driver, you stepped out of the car and hurried up the steps. You didn’t know what was eating at him, but you felt very responsible for some reason.

His anger left a tangible trail. People standing to the side looking offended and staring in the direction of the elevators.

You saw the back of his head as he was stepping into the elevator, and you knew if you didn’t reach him now, you would probably never talk to him again.

He was already distant enough when on missions, you didn’t need him to be completely unavailable.

“Jack!” You had ran the length of the hallway, cursing the existence of high heels the entire way.

You had barely slipped through the closing doors, stumbling at the sudden stop of your momentum. “What the hell is wrong with you?” You didn’t mean for it to come out that harsh, or that loud but you were out of breath and had plenty of adrenaline running through your system.

The air felt cold for a moment while you straightened up and turned a glare on 76 as you lifted your eyes to his face.

The glare switched to a shock as you looked into the angry and disgruntled mess that was 76′s face. His hair was all mussed up, bowtie dangling from his neck, teeth grit in a near snarl as he stared at you with a look you couldn’t identify.

The closest you could come to describing it was rage, but his skin wasn’t red like you saw when he screamed at a recruit for almost getting their entire team killed.

No, this wasn’t rage.

Your skin prickled when you felt the air shift from frigid to unbearably hot in a split second. You felt the feeling that came with shame and fear. Which one it was that you were feeling, you didn’t know.

Your entire body burned with it as he took a step closer to you and you suddenly knew that it was fear you felt.

You knew because before his boot touched down after that first step, you had drew the gun you had holstered and aimed dead center on his chest.

It had only been a few seconds from the time the elevator doors closing to now, but the look 76 had on his face was so foreign, and his actions were so wild that you panicked and reverted straight to training.

Both of you were so shocked by the sight of your gun, but you held it steady while internally freaking out.

His face shifted to confusion, his arms coming up slowly as he stared at your hands. “Y/n… put that away.” His voice was strained as his eyes flickered from your startled and scared face to your gun.

Your breathing was shallow as you fought the panic that was trying to push its way into your bones.

“Y/n… put it away. Now.” The elevator dinged, signaling the doors about to open. You wavered on whether or not to do as he said for a moment before putting the safety back on and slipping the gun away seamlessly just as the doors opened for a group to enter.

You pressed yourself to the side, giving a strained smile to the laughing group dressed for clubbing as the elevator closed to bring you to your floor.

76 had moved to stand next to you, hand resting on your side assuring you wouldn’t be able to run away now.

The 6 or so seconds it took