companion brought to the council House's grand steps, accompanied by his Benefactor's head of security, his heavily decorated robes pulled tightly around himself. It didn't do him much good, given that all he wore beneath it was a posing pouch and his nerves.

Because what if Mycroft didn't show?

It was worse because on the other side of the complex, the place was a bustle of activity with the other companions who were going to be presented, the benefactors and companions who'd come out to witness the spectacle.

The secluded nature of his Presentation made it seem like he had done something criminal, or shameful. Over there it was light and glitter, pomp and circumstance, and he was ushered off into a private chamber, along with Paul, a chamber he recognized to be the usual place for adjudications and legal matters. It made him nervy and rattled, even if he could see the equipment there.

There was a sense of pride and showing off over there, and there was just. Mycroft, not even there yet. He looked sideways at Paul, before he said, "I think I  saw an art-house film like this once."

Paul smiled a little. "Yeah, it's a bit surreal isn't it?" he said. "These private presentations do happen though, more than you would think. Mycroft attends a few himself — usually Benefactors who don't want it known they have a vulnerable target directly linked to them who will be effectively very good leverage, or those cases with issues."

Or both. He wondered if he sort of fell as both. "And with that goes, what, false ID cards, companion not living in the house with you, false identities..." Circumventing of the system. Hopefully they didn't all end badly like the movies did. 

Seb was about to add something else when the door opened again. 

A small group of Benefactors entered, dressed in their full regalia, one of whom Seb recognized from John's pictures. Sherlock Holmes, the younger brother. He was good looking and not quite as tall, but his eyes were bright and sharp and he looked very impatient with the whole business.  He took one look at Paul and raised his eyebrows. "Ah, I see," he said as he glanced at Seb.

The worst thing of it was that, according to John, he probably saw exactly everything. Seb's mouth compressed into a tight line, watching Sherlock, and still no sign of Mycroft, which made for an awkward moment. At least in Seb's head. Maybe for the rest of them it was perfectly fine and normal, because Gregson at least seemed relaxed. And he shouldn't have fallen quiet, but he had. It was habit, not talking in front of Benefactors, particularly not in the Council building with his own probably stuck in traffic somewhere, or standing outside on his cell phone.

"Your brother will be with us shortly," Paul said. "I was not sure you would be attending Sherlock." 

Very familiar. Perhaps Sherlock had been around more. "Me? Miss my brother's second nearest encounter with intimacy?" Sherlock smirked. "I think not. Besides, John has told me all about Sebastian...I like to see something for myself."

Seb felt his jaw clench more than he meant to. "You're lucky I have to be nice to you here."

"Oh please, social conventions are for the small mind," Sherlock replied. "And I know you don't have one of those. John practically  drools over your academic abilities."

 He arched an eyebrow at Sherlock. "Yeah, well, it's not a damned performance art, is it? And I'd guess you have similar intimacy problems as your brother, so maybe you should step out of your glass house before you start throwing stones."

Sherlock actually smirked at him. "Careful, your frustration is showing. Hello Mycroft...You finally turned up?"

"I am on time," Mycroft said as he entered the chamber. 

To the second, Seb supposed as he flexed his hands, letting his clutch on his robe relax since Mycroft was there. Finally. Maybe they were going to get started, then. The sooner he could get it over with...

"Thank you, Benefactor Mycroft. If I could have the brand symbols and the Opener..." The leader of them stepped out from where he'd been quietly part of the group.

Mycroft very solemnly presented an inlaid box to the presiding Benefactor, along with the selected brand which was past to the designated brander of the evening. "Excellent. I believe all parties here understand the important of a Presentation, regardless of circumstances. Companions are an asset to their Benefactor. For many, a companion fills those spaces where their benefactor lacks and provides support. It is a duty and an honor to serve so; likewise, a Benefactor must never abuse that freely given trust, and must support their companion as well." He glanced to the small kiln where the brand was being heated, which told Seb it was