first test of the semester, or like he hasn’t really been looking forward to falling into bed after spending all day in a stuffy library. Steve is an adult, and he is not upset, and he does not curse his roommate out loud, but he would very much like to be able to walk tomorrow.

Which means that he has to get up, open the door, kick out whoever’s in there, ignore any and all sad whining noises Clint may make at him, and then he can go back to sleep in a place that’s actually meant for sleeping.

Plans rarely go as they should. There’s screaming involved.


 


 

When Steve clenches his eyes shut, turns around and starts to run, two things happen simultaneously: a door down the hall opens, and Steve runs right into it.

Today is not turning out to be his day.


 


 

When Steve comes to, a worried face stares down at him, blinking. Steve blinks right back.

“You were yelling,” the face tells him. It swims in and out of focus a little, blurring at the edges. “You ran into my door. Sorry for that, I opened it to check what the yelling was about and, well…” The face smiles.

It’s a very nice face, Steve thinks. Dark hair, light eyes. He reaches up to touch it. A hand grabs his wrist before it almost pokes the face anywhere it could do damage, curling it and settling it down on Steve’s chest. The hand is nice, warm. Steve blinks again and feels his face curl into a smile.

“You’re really out of it, aren't you,” the face says quietly, and Steve nods. It sends a shot of pain through the side of his head and he groans. The face starts swimming again.

“Easy there.” The hand moves from his wrist to the side of his head, steadying it. “I, ah, I hope your head doesn’t hurt too much? You weren't out long, just a few seconds, you fell down and, I just, I don’t know how to handle a concussion or anything, so,” the face coughs. “You’ll be alright, right? Don’t, ah, don’t nod again, just, wait.” The face and the hand disappear and there’s some shuffling noises where the room tapers off into the dark and Steve can’t see anymore.

He scrunches his eyes shut and breathes in deeply. Taking inventory, he notices he’s lying down. Soft, so not the floor, probably a bed. Not his bed, but at this point any bed will do. All he wants to do right now is sleep and forget about the visuals he’s been exposed to in the last few minutes, excluding the face, because the face is nice and therefore allowed to stay.

Beside him, the bed dips. “You, ah, it says here you’re not supposed to sleep? If you have a concussion, I mean, I think… Oh man, I’m terrible at this. Nodding was bad, right,” the face says, and hastily adds, “Don’t nod!”

Steve opens his eyes to a squint and groans a little in answer. There’s a brightly lit screen just in front of him.

“Headache, right. Are you nauseous, ringing ears?” The face swims a little less by now. The extra light helps him focus. It really is very handsome, and Steve’s maybe a little worried that he seems stuck on that point, but the voice talking to him is very soothing and he can’t be bothered to do anything else but lay down where’s been put and be babbled at amusingly for now. “Do you know what happened?”

“Am fine. Remember things. Don’t wanna talk about it,” Steve mumbles. The face sighs, looking and sounding relieved, and puts the phone down on the sheets, taking the source of light with it.

“So not a concussion, according to WebMD anyway, as far as that goes. I’m not in pre-med, don’t think anyone in this building does pre-med or I would've gotten them, get you checked over. I don’t even think we have -” Steve smiles and the voice stutters. “Uh, we have, I’m Bucky? Barnes. You, ah, we hadn’t met. Yet.”

The face, Bucky, is in reasonable levels of in focus now, and it looks flustered even in the low light. It’s not a bad sort of view. Steve smiles wider. “Steve.”

“Steve. Right.” Bucky smiles back at him. “Sorry for,” he gestures to the room around him. “My roommate’s asleep, heavy sleeper, I’m not. You can stay here, if you want, if you need someone to check in on you tonight, but I'