more.

He glanced over to Dean and Lisa and saw two things. One, Dean was doing nothing of this with her and two, Dean was glaring at Fergus. Also, Dean was extremely possessive, but this wasn’t news. It was hot, though.

"Do it again." He mumbled and Fergus combed his hand through Cas’ hair a little more forcefully. Cas’ eyes fluttered but he still managed to see the pinched expression on Dean’s face. Jackpot. "Let’s say you’re right." He stated and Fergus nodded; he withdrew his hand but didn’t step out of Cas’ personal space. "He’s still my teacher."

"So?"

"So?" Cas parroted and then rolled his eyes when he saw that Fergus seriously wasn’t following. "It’s against the law."

The grin that Fergus gave him reminded Cas of why he’d had sex with the guy in the first place. "Only if someone catches you."

Cas wanted to argue that that wasn’t how it worked but since he and Dean already were involved he didn’t see the point.

"So I should just go for it?" he asked, repeating his friend’s earlier words for confirmation and Fergus nodded.

"I’m telling you, Winchester is not interested in Lisa, don’t worry about her. And he loves his big muscle car. It’s like the epitome of his manliness. You should go snag a couple of gym shorts, take a size smaller than usual, and then you should show up at his house and offer to wash his car."

Cas gave his friend an incredibly skeptical look. "I should wash his car in gym clothes?"

Fergus sighed when Cas was apparently dense. "For one, he’s the P.E. teacher, seeing you in gym clothes puts him in his element and gives him confidence. And second, you should wash it in only shorts." He stepped out and gave Cas a look, clearly checking him out but Cas wasn’t body shy so he didn’t even flinch. He did see Dean starting to walk over to them, though. "You’re hot, Cassie, might as well face that. And use it."

Cas thought it over and decided that yeah, him wet and grinding all over Dean’s car might very well put Dean in the right mind. Might remind him that Cas was the hottest piece of ass around here and that he was Dean’s. Cas already felt a little better what with Fergus’ assessment of Dean’s disinterest about Lisa but the whole car wash might be the last thing needed.

Cas would never have done it to seduce Dean if they weren’t already in a relationship, though, that would be insane. Who the hell would just show up at someone’s house and offer to wash their car? Fergus was clearly crazy. And Cas supposed he would have to act based on that.

"I’ll think about it." He mumbled and looked away in a way that made it sound as if he wouldn’t do it. In reality he was already thinking about how he would go about doing it. Getting the shorts would probably be the hardest.

Fergus sighed again. "At least stop being sad, it’s unbecoming of you."

Cas glared at him. "Thank you."

"You know what I meant."

Cas did but he didn’t have time to say so before Dean came upon them.

"Why are you two still lingering here?" He demanded in that deep voice of his and Cas already wanted to drown in the man. He couldn’t wait until this afternoon. "Class is about to start."

"Yes, Mr. Winchester." Cas piped up while Fergus just muttered under his breath.

The two boys started walking away but Cas turned and gave Dean the peace sign in the last second. To an outsider it would look like that weird Novak boy being weird again but to Dean it was their secret sign for Cas telling him he was wearing panties today.

Cas grinned to himself when Dean’s eyes nearly budged out of their sockets.





I actually feel a little bad for Dean. He’s so clueless, lol


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            






Dean tapped his fingers restlessly against the steering wheel while he waited for Cas. It was sweltering outside as the last of the summer heat swept over the town and it was even hotter inside the car but Dean liked it. It kept him in check and gave him an excuse to have red cheeks.

People would think he was just hot — which he was — and no one would assume he was blushing from barely restrained arousal. Fuck he wanted Cas and just the thought of his beautiful boy in panties was almost enough to make him pop a boner. This had been a long day.

He almost jumped when Cas suddenly appeared by the car and slid in gracefully. Dean licked his lips absentmindedly and tasted sweat on his upper lip.

"Hello, Dean." Cas said and