home where it’s safe? The forest is a scary place after dark.” The thing growled.

“It’s not dark.” you started but you noticed the sun had almost fully set. You began to panic, you had never gone home in the dark, what if you got lost. He was right, the forest is a scary place at night, what if you got lost and you never got home? Fear seized you and began to cry.

“I don’t know how to get home in the dark. Could you help me?” you asked, looking up into the owl mask. Tears streamed down your face, and even a monster has a heart. He nodded his head and held out his clawed hand. You brightened up and took it, happy to be escorted home.

After that, you returned to him every chance you got that summer. Your parents were angry, but you couldn’t be stopped. Not only was the forest calling you, but so was this strange creature you had encountered. At first, he tried to ignore you, but you were persistent. A friendship began to blossom between you two. He started greeting you when you entered the building and you talked about every animal and anything else you could think of.

You called him Owl Man for a while, until he told you his name one day as he took you home. Gabriel. You smiled at him and held his hand tightly.

He was usually silent, but kind. He took you to see deer, he carried you on his back since you made too much noise. You quickly made notes and smiled as you watched the mother deer and her babies. He took you to a meadow and gently put a flower in your hair which made you giggle and you made him a flower crown and put it on his head. That really made you laugh and he just chuckled. He showed you different stars and explained how to navigate using them when you stayed out too late, which always angered your parents. He didn’t talk much about himself, but he enjoyed hearing you speak. You spoke about your family, about the birds that you see from your window, you even mentioned how you walked into poison ivy one day. He chuckled at that story.

But as the summer came to an end, you went to him in tears. You were leaving tomorrow and you cried, saying you didn’t want to leave and you wanted to stay with him. He patted you back softly and held you close.

“Don’t cry cariño. I hate to see you sad.” He growled softly.

“I don’t want to leave you. You’re my best friend, let me stay with you please.” You sobbed, gripping his cloak tightly.

“You cannot stay, the forest is no place for you to grow up. You need to go home with your parents. But, how about I come with you? I have grown attached to you, and this forest will be empty without you running through it with your laughs.”

He did come home with you. Your parents never noticed the shadow that followed you, nor did they hear you both whispering to each other at night. They thought the owl faced man you drew was just an imaginary friend you would soon grow out of. But you didn’t grow out of him, he stayed with you. He went with you to school, steered you away from trouble and bullies with whispers, he gave you the confidence to ask questions and stand up for people and yourself. Course, how could you not be confident when a wraith followed you everywhere.

During your school days, he would help you study. He never helped you cheat, but he would sometimes give you hints on tests even he thought were hard. He never babied you, he wanted you to do things on your own and be strong enough to live on your own. He was so proud the day came when you off to college. He went with you of course and continued to help you and watch over you. He was your shadow after all.

He was your guardian, your shoulder to cry, and your friend when no one was there. At night, when you were lonely or sad, he would hold you sing softly in a Spanish. He watched you go from a silly child to a confidant adult. It was during the time you went to college that Gabe realized he had feelings for you, and he hated himself even more. He helped you grow up, he felt like he would be taking advantage of you. But part of him hoped you would feel the same, until you arrived home one day with news that you met someone, a man who smiled at you and complimented you. Your wraith hated him.

“Gabe, a frown doesn’t look good on your beautiful face. Why do you hate him?” you asked one day as you got ready for your date. He sat, pouting on your bed, with his mask on your dresser and a frown on his face.

“Cariño, I’m not human