I am an expert.


Kenma smirked at his phone, going into his Snapchat app to add Kuroo.

It was only seconds later that he received another text.


goldeneyenumber5, huh? I get the golden eye part, since you have the prettiest eyes I’ve ever seen, but what’s the 5? Just cuz it rhymed?


Kenma’s face flushed at the compliment.


Shouyou made the name for me. My jersey number in high school was number 5, so he thought it would fit. It could have been worse. He wanted it to be ‘goldeneyesandapplepies’ because he thinks I’m completely infatuated with apple pie.



Why would he think that?


Kenma swallowed hard. It was kind of a personal reason, but he already started to talk about it so…


After the first time we kissed, he told me I tasted like apple pie. And then, by sheer coincidence, I ate apple pie right before the second time we kissed. So he thinks I survive off of it or something.



Hmm. Guess I’ll just HAVE to be the judge of that ;)


Kenma blushed even harder as a Snapchat notification rolled across the top of his screen. He clicked it and tapped on Kuroo’s name.

A black and white picture of Kuroo giving the camera a smoldering smirk lit up, and Kenma’s heart caught in his chest. He slammed his phone face down on the table, earning an over the shoulder glance from the student two rows ahead of him.

Kenma tried to focus on the rest of his lecture while his phone continued to vibrate every couple of minutes, but he refused to look at it to save himself from going into cardiac arrest.

When his class had been dismissed, he picked his phone back up and scrolled through the many Snaps from Kuroo.

The first was of Kuroo with a frown, the text reading “OPENED AND DIDNT RESPOND?!”

The second was of Kuroo looking away from the camera, his elbow on a table with his chin propped on a fist. The bottom text read “its cuz im ugly isn’t it”

The others were random selfies of him moping, or unfocused shots of his apartment that made absolutely no sense.

Kenma quickly took a picture of his feet as he walked down the sidewalk, typing on the bottom “I was in class. Patience.”

A close up of Kuroo’s face took up Kenma’s screen reading “I demand immediate satisfaction”

A second later a blurry picture popped up “not sexually”

And then another “unless youre down rn ;)”

Kenma snorted and pocketed his phone as he entered his dorm room. The panicked Snaps from Kuroo due to Kenma’s lack of response would be entertaining to read through later.

After slipping off his shoes, he crawled up in his bed and curled himself under his blanket. It would be fun if they could continue this forever, and if he never had to go through the awkwardness of telling Kuroo about his gender identity. If they could just be friends and harmlessly flirt and never worry about Kuroo’s sexuality or preferences.

Kenma sighed and pulled his PSP out from underneath his pillow, letting his mind become enveloped in a fictional paradise.

“You’re coming to our volleyball practice tonight, right?” Kuroo asked him the next morning in their psychology class.

Kenma shrugged, pulling out his binder and a red pen. “Maybe.”

“Kenmaaa,” Kuroo groaned. “You’ll never be able to toss to me if you don’t watch and learn!”

“I said maybe, didn’t I?” Kenma asked. “I’m just not sure yet.”

“You already know the whole team, sort of,” Kuroo grumbled. “I mean, you’ve at least met them. Other than Waka, I think. He’s kind of a stiff, but he’s alright. You’ll see him at the queer alliance meeting tonight.”

Kenma crossed his arms over his chest and looked the opposite direction, avoiding Kuroo’s gaze.

“You’re coming to that, right?” Kuroo leaned forward over the table, trying to enter Kenma’s line of sight. “Come on! You have to come to that at least.”

Kenma looked back at him. “There’s going to be a lot of people there.”

“Yes. Queer people, though. As I’ve said, you already met a few of them.”

“I don’t know…”

Kuroo wrapped his arm around Kenma’s shoulders, pulling him so close that he could smell the piney scent of Kuroo’s cologne, and the mintiness of his gum. “It’s going to be a lot of fun!”

Kenma tried to shrug him off, but he held tight. “If I agree to go, will you let go of me?”

Kuroo grip loosened, but his arm remained. “Probably not,” he smirked, his thumb rubbing down Kenma’s bicep.

Kenma tried to act like he didn’t like Kuroo this near to him, but in reality, he loved it.

It was strange. He usually