.

Breaking the kiss Murasakibara sat up, pinning Midorima's hands above the green hair.
"Murasakiba- hmpf!", as soon as the kiss broke, it was started again and ,of course, by Murasakibara.
Midorima didn’t know what to do, so he remained still, but after a while he had to admit that it felt good and Murasakibara's lips even tasted as sweet as the candy he always ate and as salty as his favourite chips.

Shy and unsure what he's doing with his life at the moment, Midorima started to respond to the kiss and heard a low, relived sigh from the Center.

Soon, the hands of said Center started to explore his body and his lips attacked Midorima's neck with kisses and bites.
The green-haired boy's breath quickened, and a low moan escaped his lips unwanted.
Murasakibara smirked against the neck, clearly enjoying that.
"Mhh, Mido-chin.. Tasty Mido-chin..", Murasakibara said against the mark he created, before kissing the now reddish skin, making Midorima moan again.
One of the big hands the purple-eyed boy had, sneaked it's way under the school uniform of the smaller one and scanned the muscular torso.

Slowly, Murasakibara pulled away from the neck and let go of the hands he held from the green-eyed boy, he smiled down at him. He slowly pulled the school uniform of the greenette up, making sure that he didn't frightened Midorima and kissed the now freed skin and every single inch that came under those sweet lips.
Midorima was panting and flushed.

Suddenly, Murasakibara pinched one of Midorima's nipples before kissing the skin there and flicking his tongue against the small bud, repeating the action a few times.
"Mura-ah.. Saki.. Bara..", Midorima breathed heavy, unable to believe that this was his actual voice.
"Mh? You like that?", Murasakibara asked looking up to see the green eyes clouded with lust.
"...Y-yes..", Midorima answered quietly, hoping that the man with the purple eyes didn't hear him.

Meanwhile tents in both of their pants were visible and Midorima shifted his body to get Murasakibara's attention down there.
"Eh? You want me to touch you here?", Murasakibara asked, demonstrative hovering his hand right over the other's erection, touching it so painfully scant.

Midorima answered by moaning and raised his hips up to the touch.
"Mido-chin is cute like this", commented the purple giant and started to rub over the bulge.

"A-Ahh Murasakibara.. P-please..M-more!"
"Woah, Mido-chin likes this so much? And are you really begging?", Murasakibara asked in surprise.

Midorima tried to hold himself back from hitting the other and letting escape more sounds and pleads from him, but failed (at least the last part).

"Nggh..!", Midorima moand when Murasakibara pulled his pants down, along with the boxers.
"O-Oi!", Midorima blushed trying to cover himself but Murasakibara stopped him from doing so.
"Don't. I like the view..", the purple eyes scanned over the now open and full view. 

Midorima's tsundereness came up again and he slightly turned his whole body to the side, hiding himself by pulling his leg closer to himself.
Murasakibara chuckled and bend down again and stroked the green hair away to kiss the ear of said tsundere.
"Mido-chin could you turn back to me?", Murasakibara asked nicely but Midorima remained still. Murasakibara than got an idea how he could get him to turn back again. Slowly his hand made it's way down over the smooth skin until he reached the base of Midorima's length. 

"A-ah~ Murasa- hnng", he tried to stop himself by putting a hand over his mouth. 
"Hm.. Maybe Mido-chin would feel better if I'd get naked as well..?", the Center asked, brushing over the sensitive slit before giving a last stroke and letting go. Midorima whimpered a bit at the loss of the warm hand before turning his head to look at the other.

Murasakibara took of his Yosen jacket before pulling his shirt off.
"Oh wait before I forget..", Murasakibara said half naked looking down at Midorima.
"We need to pull off that shirt and jacket of yours, too, don't we?", the purple eyes looked right into the blushing face of Midorima before pulling the greenette's jacket and shirt off.
"Much, much better", he told the teen under him.

He continued to pull of his pants and boxer's and Midorima's glasses nearly cracked at the size of the other.
"Don't be scared Mido-chin I'll make sure to be gentle and prepare you", he said giving a warm smile down to Midorima.
The green-haired teen didn't realised how scared he had looked, but it must have been a really frightened look when Murasakibara spoke which such a warm, calming and soothing voice.

Midorima, finally, got the courage to turn back, closing his eyes, waiting that