It started out as a joke really. In junior high Teshima had made a blog on this new site, followed a half dozen people, created his tagging system. Then one of his friends pointed out a blog that had an eerily similar tagging system. So of course Teshima followed that blog. As far as he was concerned it was hilarious that they used almost the same tagging system. The other blog followed back so they probably thought similar. 

Within a year Teshima’s blog and the other blogs tagging systems were more than eerily similar they were almost identical. Teshima could always tell the difference though. For instance while he made tons of text posts, commented on posts, and rambled in the tags the other blog did not. In fact whoever ran the other blog despite having an incredibly specific tagging system rarely felt the need to comment on anything. 

Most people in his junior high knew Teshima ran a blog but by graduation they were all convinced that both blogs were his and nothing he said could convince them otherwise. It didn’t really matter though as Teshima was going to a different high school than most of them anyway. By the end of the first day of school Teshima no longer cared what any of them thought anyway. That was the day he met Aoyagi. Aoyagi was slightly smaller than him and nearly silent but still extraordinarily good at communicating. Teshima was very confused when he realized that most other people couldn’t actually understand everything Aoyagi communicated. 

As he usually did at the end of the day he wrote out a post on his blog about the end of the day and he couldn’t resist adding in Aoyagi. He didn’t mention his name just that he’d met someone really cool at school that day.

Every day his blog posts got more and more centered around Aoyagi though he was careful never to drop his name. This went on for almost three months until he came to school one day and when they met up Aoyagi was smirking. 

“Did you have a good night?” Teshima asked raising an eyebrow at him. 

Aoyagi nodded slightly though the smirk didn’t let up and suddenly Teshima was wondering what exactly he’d done. 

“My night was pretty good too. I went out for karaoke. You should come sometime.” They headed into the school proper, classes would be starting soon after all. 

The small nod from Aoyagi made Teshima grin. “You can call me by name in your blog posts.” Aoyagi’s voice was quiet and his smirk only got bigger as Teshima’s face turned red. 

He sputtered out a few half words before managing to squeak out a sentence. “How did you know?”

Aoyagi raised an eyebrow and shrugged. 

“How long have you been following me.” Teshima muttered covering his face with his hands. 

“Since you followed me.” And suddenly it clicked and Teshima glanced at him. 

“Everyone I knew thought I ran your blog as a joke.”

Aoyagi shrugged smiling slightly. 

“We’re not even close to clones though, besides I post way more comments and text posts than you do.” Teshima shook his head running a hand through his hair. “Well at least that’s one mystery of the Internet solved.”

The chuckle was so quiet Teshima almost thought he’d imagined it but when he looked sideways Aoyagi’s smile was huge, for him at least, and he was definitely laughing. Teshima decided right then and there that he loved silent laughs.

 