stole a kiss from hanzo. It quickly became heated and Mcree lifted Hanzo up by the thighs, and carried him to the bed. He placed him on the bed and crawled over him. He pulled off his shirt and started undoing his belt. “Jesse wait, let me.” Hanzo leaned up and pulled his belt out, he started to kneed Jesses hard on through his jeans. Jesse let out a low moan. “Han...” he quickly took control of the situation. He pulled Hanzo’s hand away and pushed him back against the pillows. He shifted unbuttoned the flannel and attacked his chest, taking one nipple into his mouth and the other in his hand. Once they were hard enough he moved downward,  he lifted hanzo’s thighs over his shoulders and took his cock into his mouth, hanzo pushed his fingers into Jesses hair and let out a moan. Jesse grabbed the lube from his back pocket and covered his fingers in it. He slid the first finger in and the the second, Hanzo felt a twinge of pain and slightly tugged on Jesses hair. He ran his tongue along the vein on Hanzo’s length to keep him distracted. Hanzo’s hand tugged on Jesse’s hair. “Mmm..Jesse” it had barely been an hour in and they were already at each other. Jesse rubbed Hanzo’s thigh and lifted his mouth off of Hanzo’s cock with a small pop. Hanzo arched off the bed as Jesse found his sweet spot. “Easy darlin’. Almost there.” Jesse added a third finger and kept a steady pace. Hanzo was a panting mess; deciding that Hanzo was prepped enough, Jesse withdrew his fingers, Hanzo let out a small whine at the loss. “Jesse please.” “I know baby, I’m going.” He tugged his pants off and lined himself up with hanzo’s entrance. He took his time sliding in and hanzo grunted in displeasure. He hooked his ankles around jesses back and pulled him forward. Jesse laughed and began moving. Hanzo pulled him down for a rough kiss as Jesse thrusted. “Mhn..Jesse move faster you bast-ah!” Jesse angled his thrusts to hit Hanzo’s sweet spot. Jesse chuckled and kept moving. “Jesse I’m gonna-!” “Come on huckleberry, come for me doll.” Hanzo let out a moan and came all over his chest. He clenched around Jesse which triggered Jesse to come too. He released his load inside of Hanzo and quickly pulled out. The both sat panting, Jesse flopped onto the pillow next to Hanzo and pulled him into his arms. He shifted and pulled Hanzo towards him. When Hanzo looked up at him he was already fast asleep. He sighed and curled up to Jesse’s embrace and drifted to sleep.

Hanzo woke a few hours later to an empty room. This seemingly always happened, he almost always woke up alone. He felt a chill go through the room and pulled Jesse’s flannel back on. It was big enough that he could fit his legs inside as well. He hugged his knees  to his chest. Why did he feel so lonely? In the past six months He had felt that the relationship had stayed the same, just casual sex. But he didn’t want that anymore, he wanted Jesse all to himself. He wanted to go on dates and cuddle for hours, just general time spent together. He put his head on his knees and sighed. Before he could think more the door opened, and in walked Jesse with a plate of food and two coffee cups. “Good morning sug- baby what’s wrong?” He lifted his head and looked up at Mcree. “Nothing Jesse, I’m just..cold.” Jesse smiled and brought the food over to the bed. He sat down and scooped Up Hanzo into his lap. He wrapped the covers around hanzo and himself effectively making them a big pile of fluff. “Well I shall happily keep you warm doll, but I know something's bothering ya.” He ran his fingers through hanzo’s ink black hair and pulled his chin up to look at him. “It's really nothing Jesse. I’m okay.” He couldn’t even lie, his eyes started to well up with tears, Jesse pulled him closer and gave him a big squeeze. “Oh no baby, what's wrong, did I upset you?” “No, I just- I can’t keep doing this, it’s too much.” He pressed his face into Jesse’s chest. Jesse looked down at him, his heart dropping into his stomach. He prepared himself for this moment but he wasn’t ready yet, he didn’t want to lose Hanzo. “I’m sorry if I’m making you uncomfortable honey.  “ Jesse could feel his own eyes welling up too. Hanzo jumped in his lap moving up towards his face. “No, no, I don’t want this to end. It’s just that I-“ he stopped himself before he could finish. “You?” Hanzo looked up