opened it carefully.

Stroking the other man's cheek gently, he received a soft groan in reply.  Praying that he was conscious enough for this to work, Tony said, "Bruce, you overdosed on Hulk suppressants.  I'm going to give you some activated charcoal to try and help you.  I know it smells nasty, but I need you to swallow it okay?"

It might have been his imagination, but he swore he felt Bruce's head move slightly against his chest in something akin to a nod.  Hoping he had not imagined the movement, he slowly brought the bottle of putrid, black liquid to his boyfriend's mouth.  Unsure of what the outcome would be, Bruce could aspirate the liquid if he didn't do his part, he held his breath as if that would somehow help.

What seemed like a decade later, Bruce began to swallow the vile, ink-like substance as it was poured into his mouth.  Tony let out his held breath in a relieved sigh.  Things were far from good, but this was a step in the right direction.

Cradling Bruce to his chest, Tony watched the screen where JARVIS was displaying Bruce's vital signs.  There hadn't appeared to be any change at all, but at least things weren't getting worse.  

Not entirely aware of what he was doing, Tony began to stroke a hand through Bruce's hair.  Along with the repetitive motion came the mumbled and nearly incoherent mantra that Bruce was fine, it was going to be okay, don't worry, Tony was there and he wasn't going to leave.

An hour later, Bruce's breathing was less shallow and his pulse was regular and much stronger.  Feeling that his friend was finally stable, a very stiff Tony clumsily carried Bruce out of the lab and to the elevator.  He awkwardly shifted to hit the button, and then upon reaching the penthouse laid Bruce on the bed in their shared bedroom as gently as his cramped muscles allowed him.

He covered his lover in a warm blanket and climbed into bed next to him.  More than anything, Tony was exhausted.  He wanted nothing more than to fall asleep in the nice, warm, comfortable bed, but he knew that he wouldn't.  He propped himself up on an elbow and turned to face the physicist who was laying beside him.  There would be absolutely no sleeping until Bruce woke up fully and he was one hundred percent sure he was alright.

About an hour later Bruce began to stir.  Hope rose in Tony as he saw Bruce turn over and his eyelids start to open.  However, when he looked at his friend's eyes they looked feverish and unfocused.  They seemed to be taking in something, but nothing that was in the space that was around them.  And whatever it was they saw it must have been terrifying, because Bruce began to whimper and thrash in the bed.

Banner's violent movements accomplished little more than getting him tangled in the bed sheets, which seemed to panic him even more.

"No!  Let me go!" He screamed at no one while he swung his fists at invisible enemies.

"Why can't you leave me alone!" He roared as he sprang to his feet and backed himself into a corner of the bedroom.

Aware that Bruce was hallucinating, Tony approached cautiously to try to soothe him. Making soft noises as he slowly moved toward the shaking man in the corner, Tony held a hand carefully out in front of him.

"No one is trying to hurt you," he whispered as he reached out to try to gently touch Bruce's arm.  Maybe the contact would ground him.  He could only hope.

However, as soon as Tony's fingers brushed against Bruce's skin, Bruce jolted as if he had been electrified and ran out of the corner.  He evade Tony's grasp and ran straight for the bedroom window!

Panic rose up in Tony's throat as he quickly tried to intercept the doctor once again.  This time he succeeded in grabbing one of the other man's arms and pulling him away from the window, but he was quickly thrown to the ground on his back with a resounding thud in return.

Crouched down in the corner once again, Bruce was shaking as he tried to curl himself into a tiny ball.  His breath came out in labored panted as if he had been running, and he was covered in sweat.

Tony took in the sight before him with a frown.  His heart squeezed painfully.  Bruce was terrified, and it hurt to see him this way.  Tony knew that even though this was a hallucination, the imagined attackers had once been very real, and he had no idea how to make the ghosts of nightmares past go away.

Feeling more than a little helpless, Tony sat on the edge of the bed. He had learned his lesson from trying to touch Bruce the first time. He would keep his distance, but he would watch him like a hawk to make sure he didn't try anything dangerous like running for the window again.

Half an hour later the tense