more to the story, of course, but it had been years since Dumbledore had read up on the subject. He made a little note to himself to do just that in the coming evenings.

Some time passed before the students relaxed, realizing that nothing was going to happen. They happily continued to dig into their food, but none more than one particular red-headed Gryffindor known well throughout the school for both his family and the boy he called his best friend.

The evening was peaceful, up until the conclusion of the feast. Those very statues that had exuded a magical energy long gone from this world pulsed once more; a vague memory resurfaced, and the signature twinkle in his eye seemed to dim a bit, to any who might have been glancing at the professor just then.

But he did not make a sound, and waited for the students and faculty to retire for the night.

The doors to the Great Hall closed as the last of the faculty exited, sealing off the room from the rest of the castle.

And so, the headmaster waited. It occurred to him that his research would have to be more expedient than he had originally intended; It seemed that those documents would become important in the coming days.

Before long the pulses became consistent, up until the point where there was no discerning one from another. The headmaster could pinpoint the resonating power from four of the student statues that lined the walls; one that watched over the Hufflepuff table, another for Gryffindor, and two from Ravenclaw.

Soon the pulses ceased to exist apart from each other, and each statue exuded a force that hummed unbroken.

The process was almost complete.

The stone began to crack, the unique sound occurring once for each form, a depression appearing on a various part of each. Cracks spider webbed out from these points, crossing over each other and causing bits of the stonework to come loose and fall.

The first shower of stone dust prompted the headmaster to rise from his seat and advance towards the nearest of the figures, otherwise known as the Slytherin Guardian. Conjuring his patronus, the headmaster sent it through the doors of the Great Hall to gather McGonagall, Snape, and Madame Pomfrey because as the pieces of stone fell away, the body of a young girl was revealed within.

A quick levitation charm was performed on each of the girl  so as to not allow harm to come to their corporeal forms as they emerged from their stone encasings, as they seemed unconscious.

Shortly after the doors to the Great Hall were opened once more, this time revealing the presence of the three he sent for.

“It seems we have visitors,” Dumbledore started, moving towards the center aisle of the room, “of the most interesting kind. I will need to refresh my memory on their history, as I’m afraid this situation has not arisen in my time here. Poppy, if you could watch over the girls for the time being, I need to get some things sorted.”

The mediwitch nodded, still shocked into silence.

With a flick of Dumbledore’s wand, the girls’ bodies followed Pomfrey out the door.

The Headmaster turned towards his two most trusted colleagues. “The reason I also had the two of you called also pertains to our newest additions. If you would follow me…” and he moved towards the exit, presumably to go to his office where matters could be more private.

Sore.

Sore was the only feeling that Zinaida could clearly comprehend. Everything was stiff.

Confusion was next. The soft surface underneath her was certainly not the base of the Ravenclaw tower.

Determination was third. Her eyelids were heavy; almost too heavy to open. Luckily, that didn’t discourage her. She had this feeling...this feeling that something wasn’t quite right.

When she was able to pry her eyelids opened, the sight that greeted her explained why. Above her, she saw a vaguely familiar structure that could only belong to one place-the Hospital Wing at Hogwarts.

That alone was enough for her to pause in her internal physical check. It couldn’t be, she thought, there’s no way she could have lived through that. Such a vibrant, strong colored curse...no one survived those.

A pressure welled in her chest as she frantically looked around her, the sights confusing her and the motions dizzying. The only familiar thing in the wing was the architecture; all the furniture was different, strange.

Testing her fingers and toes for movement, she focused on the other girls that were in the wing along with her. They, however, were not so immobilized as she, if their huddled group on one of the cots was anything to go by. The creaking of the springs below her as she moved to sit up alerted them to their consciousness.

She watched cautiously as the unknown girls fell silent, looking towards her. She didn’t recognize a single one; they clearly didn’t go to school with her either, from the way they were dressed. They wore some semblance of a uniform, but it was different from the one Zinaida was familiar with.

Struck suddenly with a new curiosity