light.

I woke around four that afternoon.  Jun was curled up in an armchair nearby, reading the paper.

“Welcome back to the land of the living.”

 

I growled at him.  I’m never at my best when first waking, be it at six in the morning or two in the afternoon.

“I went over and checked on your apartment, by the way.  I think your guest was unpleasantly surprised to see me.”  I winced.  “Oh, don’t worry about it, I could care less what she thinks of me.  She cleared out, and I cleaned things up a little and locked the door.” 

I relaxed a little.  “Thanks, man.  I really appreciate it.  And even if you don’t care, I’m still sorry she yelled at you.”

He smiled wryly.  “Oh, it wasn’t really me she was pissed at.  She was mad at you for disappearing.” 

I groaned.  “Oh, wonderful.”

“I wouldn’t worry about it.  She said she was going back to the Midwest, ‘where the real gentlemen are’, as of tomorrow.”  I wondered if that had been why I’d chosen her.  I decided I didn’t want to think about it.

I left Jun’s apartment and went back to my own.  He’d opened the windows to let the fresh late-spring breeze air out the apartment, and he’d not only made the bed, but changed the sheets as well.  All in all, the place looked as if the night before had never happened.  I silently thanked Jun again, then went to the kitchen to make his favorite dinner.

*****

I suppose I should have quit clubbing altogether at that point, but old habits are hard to break, and the next Saturday found me back at my old haunts.  Midwest or no, word of my breach of day-after etiquette must have gotten around, because the women were giving me the cold shoulder.  Well, with the exception of the local prostitute, that is.  I took one look at her leering, over-made-up face and headed for the door.

Jun found me later that evening in the bar down the street, diligently attempting to drink myself into a coma.  I don’t imagine I need to go into the various kinds of an idiot he called me; which is just as well, since I don’t remember all of them anyway.  Fortunately I was not yet to the point of being completely unable to walk, so Jun wrapped an arm around my shoulders and hauled my protesting self back to the apartment building.

Now, I talk a lot at the best of times, but one of the more annoying side effects of me getting utterly plastered is that I tend to say whatever wanders through my fuzzy little mind.

Which is probably how I found myself asking Jun why, if he was so good-looking, he didn’t have a girlfriend.

If it had been anyone but Jun, I’d have said he did a double take.  As it was, he merely paused for a moment, raised an eyebrow at me, and said calmly, “Excuse me?”

“I said, you’re damn sexy, so why haven’t I ever seen you with a girl?”  It should be noted that I was not talking anywhere near this distinctly, but in the interest of clarity, I have translated from Drunkengibberish into English.

Jun sighed.  “Paul, I’m not like you.  I don’t feel the need to pick up a different girl every weekend.”

I rolled my eyes, then regretted it as I nearly collapsed.  Once my vision cleared, I countered, “That’s bullshit, man.  You’ve been here, what, almost a year now?”  I didn’t even try to do the math.  “I’ve never even seen you with a girl, let alone taking one home for the weekend.  You’re sure you’re not like a robot or something?”  Jun didn’t dignify that with an answer, so I kept teasing him as he dragged me through the hall to my door.

If I’d been sober I’d have realized I was pissing him off, but that’s another aspect of being sloshed that gets me into trouble.  I don’t remember what I said just as we reached my place, but it must have really been something, because Jun had me pinned to the door in a second, those pretty blue eyes promising mayhem.  I swallowed nervously.  “Eh, Junie...c’mon man, I’m hammered, you know how I get...” 

He didn’t let me finish stammering out my excuses.  “You want to know why I don’t pick up women?”  God help me, the only thought that managed to cross my terrified, pickled brain was Wow, his voice is really sexy when he growls!  I don’t know if I nodded or if he deemed a response to the obviously rhetorical question unnecessary, because he gave me the