insist; it is yours,” said Freca, though his hands shook from a desperate desire to snatch the ring back. He clenched his fists and forced himself to think of the long ago race. “What is more,” he added, “I will tell you one last bit of information. To find the room where the king is buried you must enter the Dark Door in the Dwimorberg and follow the wide main passage; there will be other paths, but they are smaller and poorly made. The passage will wind through the mountain for several miles, and then you will come to a cavern. On the far left wall is a stone door that leads to the tomb.”

Baldor turned his questioning gaze on Freca. “What would I ever do with such knowledge?”

“I know not. Pass it on to your descendents and perhaps they may take advantage of it when the Dead are called again and allowed to rest as it is prophesied.”

“I do not understand why you are doing this,” said Baldor. “You do not know me.”

Freca placed his hand on Baldor’s shoulder. “It is easy enough to see the sort of person you are, and I already told you I have been searching for a young man to share this with.” He smiled. “Trust me.”

Baldor twirled the ring on his finger thoughtfully. He still mistrusted the situation, but his heart quailed at the thought of returning the beautiful ring to Freca. Finally he laughed, “I believe this is the longest I have ever taken to come to a decision. Thank you, I accept.”

“Very good. Now let us leave this place.”

 

From that day on, lust for treasure entered Baldor’s heart; not a desire ordinary gold could appease, but one that could only be sated with the cursed treasure of Thingol. The change was not immediately evident, but soon those closest to Baldor began to sense an unprecedented harshness and restlessness in his manner. His mother mentioned it first.

“Baldor,” she said one day when they were alone in a corridor, “is anything wrong?”

“No. Why do you ask?”

“Ever since that bard’s visit you have seemed…discontented.”

Unconsciously, Baldor began to twist the ring on his finger as he considered his response; for he felt that there was something wrong with him, but he knew not what.

His mother took his hand. “I have never seen this ring before.”

Baldor felt the blood rise to his face. Why had he worn it so openly? “Freca gave it to me,” he said, not wishing to lie to his mother.

“Truly? That is strange, but it does fit you well.”

Baldor only nodded distractedly; he was torn between hope that she had forgotten her question and desire to wrench his hand out of her gentle grasp, and he needed all his focus to prevent either emotion from showing in his face.

She released his hand before asking, “Are you happy here, my son?”

That he could answer. “Yes, of course I am, Mother.”

She smiled and briefly caressed his cheek, saying, “That is well,” before leaving Baldor to his agitated thoughts.

 

Seven years passed, years that transformed Baldor from a naïve, amiable, and spirited eighteen-year-old into a hard, cold, troubled young man. Baldor frequently treated even his family and close friends harshly, and with others his actions bordered on cruelty.

One day as he returned from a solitary ride, Baldor halted on a ledge overlooking Edoras and gazed at Meduseld. His future home was nearly completed after years of construction, and its golden roof gleamed in the brilliant sunlight. Suddenly he spied a figure on a horse cantering up the path towards him. It was Aldor his brother, the one person besides his mother whom Baldor could still treat with civility.

“I thought I would find you here,” Aldor said as he brought his proud horse to a stand beside his brother’s horse. Baldor did not reply, and Aldor followed his gaze. “Beautiful, is it not?” he commented softly.

Baldor shifted uneasily in his saddle. Aldor stifled a sigh and did not even bother to ask if something was wrong; he was far too familiar with his brother’s dismissive answers.

“Father needs to speak with you,” Aldor said. He hesitated for a moment as Baldor automatically began to descend the path, then he added, “Would you like to race back?”

For the first time his words penetrated Baldor’s distant mood. He looked at his brother and asked, “What?”

“Race back for old time’s sake. Do you remember how you would always challenge me to race down this hill and we would always get in trouble but do it again the next time anyway?”

“Yes, I remember,” Baldor laughed. “You were always angry with me because I won.”

Aldor nodded, grinning. “That is why I always agreed to race again. If I could have won just once it would have all been over.” Aldor looked thoughtfully at the reminiscent smile on his brother