So if I manage to shave your chest without cutting you, can I try the rest?"

John looked up at him and couldn't help but smile. "Sure, I think I trust you with my vital bits.”

He liked the idea of Rodney with his balls in hand and a sharp instrument, but he liked the idea of smooth skin just as much. "Good. Great." One hand started to smooth in the lotion.

The sensation felt a bit strange, cloying and sticky on his chest hair. He'd had it gone before, even subbed for someone who wax stripped him once which had been interesting but he did like metal on his skin. "Mm..." He liked the implication of what went with it. The first press of metal was firm, and then the scraping began.

It was weird having someone else do this, feeling the press of metal against his chest. It was mesmerizing in the smooth movement and the strange rasping sound. Rodney's face was a combination of rapt concentration and growing arousal.

He was as hard as a rock, crouching over his legs, face twisted with concentration while he slowly scraped off John's chest hair.

John took a moment to close his eyes and focus on the sensation of a blade on skin. That was enough to quicken his own desire. Thinking of a naked blade scraping around his cock had him twitching with the thought of it. Cold metal, sharp, dangerous sliding over and around his balls. Shit, that was a little bit of danger he craved.

Nice and sharp and clean, and he'd get to experience bare skin at the same time. That would be nice.

"Look at this. I think this could make a chinchilla."

He couldn't help it; Rodney just made him laugh like no one else he knew. "You saying my chest hair is silky smooth?" he asked, trying not to laugh too much.

"I'm saying if I add a resin I should be able to prop up a reasonable facsimile of a squirrel on my desk. Made out of your chest hair." Rodney leaned in and kissed a newly bared patch of skin, briefly, and then grabbed a wash cloth from the bowl.

"Sometimes I have no idea how you even come up with the ideas," he said feeling the urge to purr. It ended up as a rumble in his throat of appreciation as Rodney wiped him down. Like this, the scar on his chest was livid and bright.

Sharp looking, with Rodney spreading his fingertips over it slowly. "I have no idea how you're even still here."

"I'm like a cockroach," John murmured, enjoying the sensation of fingers on skin and the peculiarity of where the sensation faded to scar. The point where Todd had fed life back into him had been a screaming orgasm of sensation, and he wasn't sure that was something he could come out and admit. He wasn't sure if the pleasure part of it was from his own enjoyment of that sort of thing or something that was part of the phenomenon.

"That's a great mental image," Rodney deadpanned, lingering for a moment before he dragged a finger over towards John's left nipple.

He always liked that, and he had to admit he could feel a lot of sensation now the hairs were gone. "You like it smooth?" he asked thinking he was pretty cool with it being smooth if someone else was doing the shaving.

"Yes, though I'm not sure how we'd explain it the next time the locals decide you must take part in something that involves going shirtless." Medical stuff was always a good excuse, John figured. The touch lingered, and Rodney was watching him watching Rodney.

"Hey, it was patchy, and everyone knows I'm looks conscious right?" Yeah right, though they teased him about it, his team knew he didn't care about that side of things at all and that his hair actually did do that on its own. "Besides, it grows back real quick on me."

"Oh god. Five o'clock chest shadow?" Rodney laughed, and picked up with the shaving.

John chuckled at that and folded his arms behind his head. "You missed your vocation. You could have been a barber."

"Body shaving, fifteen bucks a head. Chest. Something." Rodney wiped at his chest, cleaning carefully.

"Mmm. As clean a shave as I've ever had," he commented shifting slightly, parting his legs as a means of invitation. "Do you think about shaving people often Rodney?" It was a teasing tone but John was intrigued as to what fantasies lurked in the scientists head.

Rodney played them close to his chest, if he had any at all. "Just you." And maybe that was true. It was another of those he couldn't really guess items. Rodney started to work his way down John's chest, down his stomach.

Now that was definitely erotic -- the slide of metal over his abdomen, the press and