It is. And thank you as well. The last several hours were very calming. I don't feel so lost now.” Jean responded.

“That's why I watch you Jean. So you're not so lost.”

Jean smiled, something he hadn't done in a while, “I'll see ya around. Don't get into trouble.”

Marco smiled the glowing freckles on his cheeks almost giving a tinkling sound as he did so. Jean started to walk away knowing he was in better spirits and that Marco was around. He no longer felt guilty for calling him a creep and no longer found him strange. He did hope to see Marco again soon. Jean wanted to know more about him specifically.

~~~

In the spare moments Jean could give to his thoughts they always worked themselves back to Marco. He was so captivated by him and it wasn't even in a romantic way. Jean just wanted to know more about Marco. He wanted to know what life as a star was like. He had the basic scientific understandings of a star's life but now that he knew they were actually sentient he was really curious. But how was life as a human treating him Jean wanted to know. It must be dull or it must be very exciting. Jean hoped it was the later.

Sometimes Jean would go back to the town square and wait a while hoping he would show up, but he didn't. He wanted to go look for him but he didn't know where he would be or even where to begin. So it was completely shocking and worrying to him when he saw Marco walking along the side of the road one evening as he was driving home from taking Connie to the airport. Jean almost missed him but as he got closer he realized it was Marco. Who else would walk around town in no jacket and his glowing freckles were hard to miss even if they were very faint.

Pulling over Jean called out to him. He looked up at Jean and Jean could tell he wasn't doing well. His eyes were murky and there appeared to be tear stains on his cheeks. Getting out of the car Jean ran up to him. He felt nothing but cold sadness. The same sadness he felt that first night he met him. The same sadness he felt right before Marco had disappeared.

Jean grabbed Marco’s hand, “It's me Jean. Can I take you someplace safer?”

Marco didn't know if he could answer but he knew Jean was trying to help him and he nodded his head.

Leading Marco to the car Jean got him in the front seat before he hurried back to the driver's side and started driving a little faster. Every now and then he looked over at Marco. He was still crying and starting to fade in and out between his beautiful tanned self and the dark of the night sky. Jean guessed Marco was feeling depressed and he gripped his hand. Jean didn't expect Marco to grip back but he did.

“You doing ok Marco?” Jean asked softly.

Marco took a few moments to answer, “No...I really want to go home. I don't belong here.”

Jean took a breath he couldn't make Marco stay if he didn't want to be here, “Then why don't you go home? I'll be ok without you.”

Marco shook his head and cried harder, “I can't. I'm stuck here. I fell and fallen stars don't go home.”

Jean gripped the steering wheel harder, somehow realizing it was his fault, “Marco I'll be ok. Really. If you want to finish up your death go ahead. To be honest I've been worried about you. It's been two months since the coffee shop. I just want you to be ok. Don't worry about how I'll feel.”

“I can't die Jean. We stars don't really die. We just become something else.” Marco replied squeezing Jeans hand harder.

Jean felt even worse now, he knew Marco had been a star long before he was even an idea in his parents minds, but he couldn't shake that there was a reason Marco stayed, “Hey…did you choose to fall?”

Marco nodded, “I could have lived much longer up there but I was so intrigued by you I wanted to meet you. This boy who got such a smile when he found me without fail. You who seemed so happy when he would show me off to his mother.”

Jean felt his stomach twist and contort, “Well you've met me. You're with me why are you still upset?”

“I didn't realize how much I would miss being up there. How much I would miss my brothers and sisters.” Marco answered looking over at Jean.

Biting his lip Jean felt pretty fucking terrible for making Marco cry and he didn't know how to make it better so he did his best, “You can stay with me.