it back.



Run along home and rid yourself of your unhealthy fixation on me.



Forget about me.


Athena’s gaze hardened.

“You don’t get to tell me what to do. Well?”

With quick, jerky motions, she reached under her skirt, pulling down her leggings and panties. A moment later, she was standing in front of him with her hands on her hips, chin thrust slightly forward in an unspoken challenge.

Next to her, Apollo urgently whispered, “Athena, do you really think this is a good idea…? What’s Detective Fulbright going to do if he hurts you somehow, throw him in jail?”

“Stay out of this.” She refused to look away from Simon, her gaze locked with his.


You won’t stare me down.


Detective Fulbright laughed another one of his slightly-too-loud belly laughs. “You heard the lady, Prosecutor Blackquill. Maybe we should rearrange your shackles a bit – for safety.”

For a fraction of a second, Athena thought she heard something resembling vicious glee in his heart, but it was gone so quickly that she was sure that she had just imagined it.


That wouldn’t be like Fulbright at all.


The detective unlocked the cuff on Simon’s left wrist, causing Apollo to swallow hard beside her, before threading it through a loop formed by the connecting chain, shortening it considerably.

“You know the drill – hands behind your back, palms up, thumbs together.”

The tall prosecutor did not move to comply, his gaze boring into hers.


Call. Off. This. Folly.



What would your mother think?


The next moment, his eyes slammed shut and he stiffened as electricity coursed through his body.

“Never underestimate the Jolt of Justice! Now play along nicely, or I’m going to have to ask you for another self-reflective essay!”

As he put his hands on his back, Simon ground out through gritted teeth, “One of these days, I will repay you for this, Fool Bright – with interest.”

Fulbright blithely ignored his threat while relocking the cuff.

“There we are. Now, on your knees, and give the young lady her reward! Consider this part of your rehabilitation – we can’t have you just ignoring the rules of your profession!”

Slowly, Simon lowered himself in front of her, his eyes now filled with resignation and a hint of defiance, the message clear.


Very well. Have it your way.


As soon as he had settled into a kneeling position, Athena took a step forward, lifting her skirt to bare herself to him, seeing that he was unable to use his hands. She could almost hear Apollo cringe and was sure that he was red as a tomato by now, but was unable to look away as Simon leaned forward, breath hissing out through his mouth and sending a shiver through her, a harbinger of what was to come. A moment later, his tongue made contact with her center, surprisingly gentle at first.

Athena’s eyes fluttered shut for an instant, a gasp escaping from her lips. She could hear Simon inhaling through his nose, which was pressed into her neatly-trimmed patch of pubic hair, drawing in her scent. He released a small grunt as he licked his way downward towards her opening, the tip of his tongue teasing along her labia before shallowly dipping inside, tasting her.

The moan which wrought its way from her throat had not only been brought about by his actions - his heart had just given away that he was currently reassessing her rather rapidly, if the quivering, albeit still hesitant, note of lust sounding from it was any indication.

He began laving at her most intimate place in more forceful strokes, occasionally circling around her clit, his breathing not just audible, but akin to physical touch as warm air rushed over her folds, causing her to go weak in the knees.

Athena could not help herself: She threaded her fingers into his thick, unruly hair, pressing him closer, her eyes closing as his slick tongue invaded her deeply for a moment before settling firmly on the center of her pleasure, lapping at it in quick motions.

“Ah! S…”

He growled against her, the vibrations of the noise stopping her exclamation before she could betray them both, turning it into another wordless encouragement for him to keep going PLEASE –

Her legs were beginning to tremble as she approached the brink, holding on to his hair for dear life, causing him to grunt a few times in pain, the sound only driving her further. She could feel herself starting to shake, the moans from her mouth climbing in pitch, knew the end was coming, and yet she did not want it to be over. She wanted to keep feeling him, wanted to shed her clothes and offer herself to him, wanted to make him feel as much pleasure as he was giving her at the moment…

The mental image of him above her and sinking inside her pushed her over the edge, all muscles in her body locking up for a moment and then relaxing simultaneously, the outcry wrung from her echoing through the