to dye his hair, and he didn’t dare try and blend into the rest of the world until he’d forgotten his previous life and learned his new one.

Neil tries to distract himself from the burning in his eyes and the scent of death that’s been haunting him for days by planning what he’ll do when he leaves tomorrow. He makes it as far as planning to leave before the sun rises, knowing the office is 24 hours and he can drop his key off with them at any point, before he has to stop and correct himself. If he wants to appear normal, he can’t leave that early, his mother would never have entertained the idea for a second. Leave early, but not so early that you stand out. 

His mother. Everything he’s doing to set up his new life he’s learnt from her, and it hurts to have to use that knowledge without her guidance. The tears that have been threatening Neil begin to fall onto his hands. He shifts, leaning his head back and resting it against the wall, sniffing once and swallowing hard in an attempt to prevent himself from properly crying. He doesn’t have the luxury to be able to afford to mourn his own mother’s death, because the man who killed her is still out there and would be more than happy to kill him, too.

He considers counting to fifty in all the languages he can, but the thought of his mother’s murderer burns at the edges of Neil’s despair, transmuting it in the way that only one negative emotion can transform another of its kind. He latches onto that anger and lets it burn through the weight that has dragged him to the ground.

His father had killed his mother, and it pisses Neil off. He’s not even that angry at him for killing her, he’s simply infuriated by the situation itself. They hadn’t been sloppy, they’d been so careful that it wore at them both day and night, yet still his father had caught up with them. It wasn’t right that he’d been able to do so, and it certainly wasn’t anywhere close to fair, not that Neil ever expects “right” or “fair” from life. His father shouldn’t have been able to find them, and his mother shouldn’t have been so damnably stubborn that she’d hidden the fact she was dying until her final moments.

Neil pushes himself off the floor, finding more than enough energy to stand as he internally curses his parents. He doesn’t let his frustration blind him to the world, but he does let it propel him back to the bathroom, where the stains his dye left on the toilet are indistinguishable from those that were there before. He hovers his hands over the edge of the sink before clasping them awkwardly in front of him. There’s too much power in grasping the porcelain and leaning forward, it would put too much confidence in his stance and Neil Josten can’t afford to be confident.

He raises his eyes to the mirror again and sets on correcting his stance, first. The anger had burned off his sorrow for the time being, and now Neil uses cold logic to subdue the anger. Not a healthy way of dealing with the situation, but as he drops shoulders that had moments ago been far too squared and proud to blend in with a crowd, it works. He shifts a few more aspects of his posture, relaxing his jaw slightly but not completely, and adjusting his weight distribution on his feet. This should have been his first step of setting up his new identity, making sure his body language was unconfident but also not skittish. 

Neil checks himself in the mirror, and he thinks he’s achieved an acceptable unremarkable pose. That is, until he meets his own eyes. There, he still sees anger at every cruelty that life has dealt him. He closes his eyes and counts to ten, breathing evenly and deeply to try and clear some of his emotions. A little bit of anger is good, it will help him keep moving and wear on him less than the desperation that usually provides that motivation, but too much will make him stand out, and his mother would kick his ass in the afterlife if he got himself caught by doing something as foolish as letting his emotions get out of check.

When he opens his eyes, the brown lenses seem duller, portraying less emotion to the world. He mentally congratulates himself, feeling even more successful when his expression doesn’t flicker in the slightest. He tries out a few expressions, taking care not to look lifeless, but also not to have too interesting a smile. He takes a deep breath and starts the routine of questions again.

“Neil. Neil Josten. Neil. So, when do you turn twenty?” He runs through all the basics multiple times. When is his birthday, where was he born, why did they move. All the questions he can come up with have unremarkable answers. He skirts around the question that had nearly caused