as he rolled off the bed, slipped his ipad into his flight bag and somehow had gone from horizontal to ready to leave in two minutes flat, the way he always did. Martin grabbed his things in an awkward flurry, ran after him, realised he'd left his hat on the bed, hurried back, and began yet another day a flustered wreck in the wake of Douglas bloody Richardson.

Something was off about the whole thing and he was going to find out what it was.

It took him over an hour that night on his computer to work out how to spell tumblr - what was it that youngsters these days had against vowels? Then he had  to work out what it was and then wade through all the entries that had to do with lemons, but when he found the posts of sky_goddess he knew he was close, and when he saw the photos - well, he was going to have some things to say to one Mr Richardson in the morning.

* * *

"Douglas. A word. If you please. Outside." They were on standby for an important businessman who was likely to turn up at no notice sometime during the morning, so even Douglas had had to deign to put in an appearance.

"Gosh, captain, so very formal. And what can I do for you on this fine morning?" Douglas strolled out of the portacabin door and leaned casually against the outside wall.

Martin opened his mouth and paused. He knew he was going to sound as if he was whining and he already hated himself for it. But dammit, somethings were just too much to put up with. "Look Douglas, I know you despise me, okay? I know you haven't the smallest speck of respect for my dignity. You make that perfectly clear. But don't you think sharing that sentiment with the entire internet is taking things a bit far?"

"I fear you've lost me, oh sir. Which of the many ills of the internet am I to blame for?"

"That tumblr thingie. All those photos of my captain's hat, with a lemon perched on top of it, in stupid locations all over the world." Martin took a deep breath, he could hear his voice wobbling, he knew it gave away how horribly he was hurt by this and all that did was given Douglas ever more leverage over him, but it was too late to stop now. "It's not enough to laugh at me to my face, now you had to get your daughter in on that act, and then share it with the entire world wide bloody web?"

"Ah, yes, that." To Martin's surprise Douglas did actually look rather uncomfortable. "Look Martin, it's not about you, alright?"

"Not about me?" Martin's voice rose into an incredulous squeak. "It's my captain's hat. It's you still after me about that awful flight in the Arctic. I apologised, I begged, I grovelled. Isn't that enough for you?"

"Just listen to me," Douglas snapped. "It's about my daughter, Jessica. The daughter who barely speaks to me. Who's got a step-dad younger than me, and richer, who actually lives with her. Oh yes, I've got visitation rights, but I miss half of them because I'm always off on last minutes flights for Carolyn, which I have to take so I have the money to pay the child support. And when I am free, once in a blue moon, Jessica's already got other plans, with friends or with her family - the family that doesn't include me."

Douglas was now pacing back and forth in front of the portacabin, talking rapidly and angrily down at the ground, with Martin awkwardly watching. "I phone her but it's never a good time for her to talk. I email her every few days, but I'm lucky to get two lines in reply. Until we went to that stupid Qiki place and I told her the story of the travelling lemon and your hat. She wrote back! She thought it was funny and she wanted a photo."

Douglas turned on Martin, half angry, half pleading. "So I borrowed your hat and set up a photo, plus a few extras. We were in Paris that week and I found all these quaint locations. And she loved them, she set up a tumblr for them and her friends loved them. And suddenly her dad was cool again, he was someone she was proud of. We had something we could do together. I know it won't last. She'll lose interest in a couple of months and I'll be out in the cold once more."

The anger was gone and Douglas was simply begging now. "Please Martin. Let me have this, just for now. I know I'm not a good father to her but I don't know what else to do."

Martin stood twisting his hat awkwardly in his hands, torn between