?"

"Yeah?"

"Shut up and listen for a minute alright?" to Zayn's surprise, Louis actually stops talking. Because of the quiet atmosphere, now they can actaully hear branches rustling from not that far away from them, and if you listen closely- which Zayn does- you can make out whimpering and moaning. Obviously Louis hears it too.

"Are they fucking? Zayn I think someone is out there, not far away from us, is having sex, outside! Against a tree!" he sighs. "That must be so uncomfortable."

Zayn gets up, and takes a good seven steps foward. He looks back to find Louis a few feet away from him. "Sit."

"Wha? why?" Louis wines.

"Sit down Lou." Zayn commands. Or at least tries.

"Oh I didn't know we were on a nickname basis," Louis stops to wink dramatically. "Sugarplum." Zayn stares. And stares some more. And some more. And so- well up until Louis burst into fits of laughter.

"Ha. I got you mate. Now lets go do this." Louis was almost past Zayn when an arm pulls him back. "No."

Louis sucks his teeth on his way back to the picnic blanket.

**

The noise they heard actually were two people going at it. Two boys, Niall and Liam. Niall a blue eyed blonde was for some reason always smiling on the other hand his brown eyed brunette boyfriend Liam kept apologizing for being caught. It turns out the picnic Zayn and Louis found was theirs. It also turns out that they were lost too. So getting out this forest was still a problem. Yay.

They were all currently sitting and eating on said blanket. "That's stupid why didn't you just do it on the blanket then?" Louis still doesn't quite understand why these two were having sex against trees, bushes, and forest animals instead of this lovely 100% cotton picnic blanket.

"If it were me and Zayn we would have done it on the blanket. Right Zayn?" Everyone diverts their gaze to Zayn, who was looking at Louis. Zayn looks down at the sandwich in his hands then back at Louis. He smiles then says flatly, "No."

Louis rolls his eyes. "He means yes. Our skin is two valuable for twigs, same to you two." 

LIam sighs. "It's my grandma"s blanket." He points to Louis. "Her favorite one at that."

"Whatever man." Louis grumbles. Hew then scoots toward Zayn who is just finishing his sandwich and rests his head on his thigh. Wow, this boy has no boundaries. He smiles up at Zayn. "Hi."

Zayn thinks it's funny how this boy was scared of him not even five hours ago, but Zayn doesn't ponder over it. He lays so his head is resting on his backpack instead.

"Well guys I'm gonna go to sleep, it's getting pretty dark don't ya think?" And it is. It's weird though because when Zayn and Louis woke up from their nap the sun was sill shining brightly, that was only about two hours ago.

"You're right." Zayn says and he watches how Niall and Liam cuddle up on their side of the blanket. He then lays down and closes his eyes but opens then when he feel something on his chest. He knows it Is Louis.

'What are you doing?"

"Huh," Louis says. "I didn't know my pillow could talk." 

Zayn can briefly here Liam and Niall giggle at his words. "Lou-"

"Pillow shut up. I'm trying to sleep."

And that's the end of that.

As soon as they up they're off to finding their way out of this forest. They've been walking for hours and Zayn is getting pretty pissed off. Niall and Liam who are in the front keep giggling and stopping for kisses. When that happens Zayn and Louis walks ahead of them only to be pushed to the back again and told they want to be in front. Louis keeps talking about- nothing, absolutely- nothing behind him. He just won't stop. Zayn's not sure why he is still here with these, these people. Its killing him not knowing. He'd be better off if they will just shut up and at least seem interesting in getting out of this green inhabited place, but they won't. He thinks of just walking off, letting them fend for themselves, but that wouldn't be nice. If he just left like that, it'd be pretty messed up. 

Zayn pushes some branches out his way, only for Louis to get slapped by them.

"I don't understand why I'm in the back. I mean is it actually necessary-"

"Its so if something is chasing us you'll get eaten first." Niall taunts. Louis pauses, a look of horror is painted on his face. Niall and Liam giggle, still moving