.

“Eat your popcorn,” she murmured breathily. “Or it’ll get all cold and ucky.”

He laughed softly at her word choice, all of the tension draining out his body as he just held her against him. He ate some of the popcorn, which finally reminded Buffy of her own. She pulled her hand out from under Spike’s sweater, scooping up a handful and eating it. The heat of the freshly popped corn had dissolved the powdered butter, leaving her hand kind of greasy as she slid it back under the sweater.

She was getting her popcorn topping all over him. I’ll just have to lick him all clean later, she thought. Parmesan and butter flavored Spike. Mmmm. She petted him for a few moments, mind firmly in her current happy place instead of focused on the movie.

“I really like whale night,” she said conversationally. It was a great way to unwind after patrol. “Why do you call it that, anyway?”

Spike shifted slightly, seeming suddenly uncomfortable. She didn’t think he was going to answer, but then he sighed and muttered, “Figured if I was gonna look like a sodding whale no matter what, might as well just sit around on my arse eatin’ junk food. Can at least pretend I’ve some control over getting all fat and unattractive, yeah?”

Buffy blinked and opened her mouth, but didn’t say anything. She wasn’t sure what to say. How could Spike possibly think he was unattractive? As for fat, he wasn’t fat at all. Just stuffed full of baby, which, honestly, was freaking hot. Why did he think she kept feeling him up? Not because he was repulsive or anything, that was for damn sure.

She absently reached for more of her popcorn, trying to think of how to convince him that he was still sexy as hell. A cool, strong hand suddenly circled her wrist in a firm hold just as her fingers touched the popcorn. It felt… wetter than it should, though that wasn’t quite the right way to describe it.

“Wrong bowl, love,” he said, gently pulling her hand away from it.

She watched, mesmerized, as he drew her hand towards his mouth, his tongue curling around her finger and slowly sliding up to caress the tip.

 


…


 

She hadn’t used a lot, but Slayer blood was potent stuff, overpowering everything else with the taste of Buffy. It sizzled through him like dancing sunbeams, more intense now that he was licking it directly from her skin. Each finger was lovingly worshiped by his tongue and sucked clean, even the ones that hadn’t any blood on them. So deceptively fragile, they were. Looked like they could be snapped like twigs, but she could easily use them to crush his head like an overripe melon if she’d a mind to. The thought of it, that frisson of danger, turned him on even more.

He nibbled his way up her pinky as he slowly pulled it out of his mouth, then down the outer side and along the edge of her hand. Her breathing came out in shallow little pants that became a shuddering moan as he read her palm with his tongue, tracing and memorizing each line. She’d a long life ahead of her, if it were up to him, one with him always there to have her back. Never alone. Never left behind.

“Spike,” she whispered, voice heavy with need.

He pushed her down to lie on her back on the couch, their popcorn falling barely noticed to the floor. Then he kissed her, plunging into the heat of her mouth, and oh god, he was drowning. Drowning in the taste of her, in her essence.


Sunlight over wildflowers, sweet shadows in her kiss
Hazel fire flaring bright and inviting me within
Falling, diving, drowning in the bliss
Hazel fire burns away the sin


He wasn’t sure if he’d said the words aloud – gasped out breathlessly between heated kisses – but it didn’t really matter. Nothing mattered except for her. He kissed her again, needing her more than blood. She was everything. She was….

He suddenly found himself on the floor, hips straddled, arms pinned above his head, and random bits of popcorn crunched beneath him. His Slayer gazed down at him, eyes bright with desire, cheeks flushed, and golden hair wild and untamed. God, she was beautiful. And she wanted him. Not just his body, but him.

“I like whales, you know,” she said huskily. “Especially killer whales. All black and white and deadly, but playful, too.”

She... what? She liked whales?

She let go of his wrists to push the sweater up, and then…. Oh god. His eyes squeezed shut for a moment, a soft moan escaping him as she painted trails of liquid fire along his skin.

She lifted her head, eyes locked on his. “When I was a kid, I wanted to be a whale farmer. I’d