?" Wanda jerked out of the dream with a small gasp of surprise. She gently lifted up to see if she had disturbed Pietro's slumber but thankfully, she had not. She carefully disentangled herself from her brother's embrace and sat up next to him on the small bed. Had she just seen what she thought she had just seen? Then again, it was a dream, not willful thoughts. He was unconscious and had no control over what popped into his mind. Dreams cannot be held against the one having them...can they?

After a few deep breaths and a couple of unsure glances over, Wanda decided that this was the case. Pietro was indeed asleep and could not be blamed for anything his mind created while he dreamed. Just to validate her decision, she probed his thoughts once more, to prove to herself that his dream must have shifted in the time it took her to mull all of this over.

She wished she hadn't. A hand, more specifically her hand, was gripping the side of his neck tightly as the dream version of herself kissed Pietro passionately. He had her up against a door, the door to her room in their holding cell to be precise, both still dressed (thank God) and he groaned against her mouth which was savagely ravishing his. Wanda gasped again in surprise as she closed the connection between them. This time, Pietro heard her as she did and was startled awake. In alarm, he was up in a flash and cupping her cheeks, bringing her gaze up to meet his. "Another bad dream?"

The touch that had once been natural between them was now too familiar, too reminiscent of what had just transpired between them in his dream, that she gently pulled away, causing his eyebrows to furrow in confusion. Instead, she took his hand in hers and squeezed slightly. "I am fine. While you are here, no bad dreams can come." She lifted their hands and kissed the top of his, smiling warmly at him with tears gathering in her eyes.

He didn't appear convinced. Of course, he wouldn't be, he knew her like no other. "Are you sure?"

She nodded, shaking a few tears loose and she hugged him, wrapping her arms around his neck and holding him to her. "I am sure," she whispered, more tears spotting her cheeks when she felt him return the embrace whole-heartedly. She had closed her eyes and stifled a sob, unsure what to think and how to feel about her unintentional discovery. You didn't see that coming? No, she hadn't and that night as he held her, she wondered how she couldn't have.

Wanda's eyes were now closed, the last bit of the memory playing upon the backs of her eyelids. His smiling face as he pulled back to place a kiss to the side of her head made the grief and regret swallow her whole once more. She and Pietro had a profound bond, being twins and surviving everything together they had been forced to endure...but never had she envisioned it would affect either of them so deeply on so intimate a level. Then again, Pietro had always been home to her and she knew without shadow of a doubt that she had been home for him, too. You didn't see that coming? Now, she knew she had in some small way, had expected it even, though when it did happen it had still managed to take her by surprise.

"I know, honey. I know. I'll take care of it when I get there. I love you."

Wanda's grief flared at the words and her eyes snapped open, the now customary burning filling her pupils as she turned to see Clint smiling down at his phone, oblivious to the danger his fellow Avenger now posed to him. Her hands weaved through the air and snarled into position as red tendrils snaked through her fingers and coiled themselves around her wrists, ready to strike. The pain turned to rage and the telling red that filled her eyes burned brighter.


That happiness on his face should not be, his existence should not be...


As she was about to push out her hands and send Clint spiraling into the wall behind him, a strong hand dropped onto her shoulder, gripping tightly. Before Wanda could spin around to see who had come up behind her, the stoic expression of Vision entered her line of sight. His blue eyes stared deeply into hers. "Do not allow this to consume you. It will only lead you down a path of darkness and destruction," he warned her.

She jerked away from his hand and glared up at him. "You think I have not been down that path already? That I am not now on it? Stuck there forever?" She hissed.

His gaze never wavered but his tone had softened slightly at her words. "This grief you feel will eventually recede." She scoffed in disgust and turned to leave. "Do not stoke the fires of pain with rage. It will not end well. Your brother would not have wanted that