the bombs where even just ‘thinking’ about taking a step in the wrong direction is enough to set them off.  It really upped the ante, which means I can’t afford any mistakes if I want to stay in the game.  And I really want to stay in the game.  We’ve always had good chemistry between us, but last night the sex was amazing.  I imagine she was in my head, anticipating exactly what I wanted even before I knew I wanted it.  Needless to say, this is one game I’d like to keep playing.

B’Elanna lightly stirs in her sleep.  She’s lying on her back next to me, one arm above her head, the other one resting on her stomach.  I study her naked body, so familiar to me, and watch the rising and falling of her chest.  Her nipples are still slightly puckered.  Is it still from last night or because of the cool air?  I don’t know.  I watch her flat belly and the bones of her hips protruding sharply.  She could do with a little extra weight.  She’s too thin.  In a flash I imagine how her body would look pregnant.  With the bigger belly, of course, but also with fuller breasts and the glow that soon-to-be-mothers often seem to display.  I imagine lightly placing my hands on her swollen belly as she sleeps and feeling our baby kick, like a secret conversation between me and him or her while B’Elanna is sleeping.  I can’t wait for those little things to be reality.
The accident changed the rules of the game.  I’ll admit that I was worried about us for a while.  I wasn’t sure if we could survive under these new terms.  But after last night, my doubts are gone.  There will be a couple of explosions in the future, I’m sure.  But I’m confident I will find my way through the minefield without being blown up.  I’m confident that I’m back in the game. 

 

-KATHRYN-
Human beings have a remarkable propensity for lying to themselves.  That thought strikes me as I’m having breakfast in the Mess Hall.  In an effort to train my telepathic muscles I’ve been trying to reduce the onslaught of other people’s thoughts and emotions to a mere background noise in my head. Now I’m trying to focus on one single voice, to distinguish it clearly from all the others.  It’s an exercise Tuvok suggested I should try and I’m getting quite good at it.  Next to me, Susan Nicoletti is assuring herself that an apple and a cup of coffee really are more than enough for breakfast, despite her grumbling stomach telling her otherwise.  A bit farther away, Tal Celes is double checking the calculations for the astrometrics report she’s preparing for Seven, convinced that they have to be wrong because she is too stupid to get it right the first time.  Next to her Billy Telfer is rubbing his stomach, worrying that Neelix’s seven spice omelet contains at least two spices he’s allergic to, although he never had any problems before.  On the other side of the Mess Hall, Harry Kim is smiling broadly at Seven of Nine as she enters, telling himself he’s only being a friendly colleague and not hopelessly in love with her.  I get up to the counter for a refill of my coffee, where I hear Neelix confidently say to Tom Paris that everything is ready for the wedding tomorrow all the while worrying about the rice he still has to boil since he only found out about that particular human tradition ten minutes ago.  “Uncooked rice, not boiled.”  I tell him and he stares at me dumbfounded, partly because he forgot about my mindreading abilities, partly because he doesn’t understand why the rice shouldn’t be boiled.  “The rice to throw at newlyweds is supposed to be uncooked.  It’s just for good luck, not to eat.”  I add helpfully and he nods slowly.  “Right.  Thank you Captain.”  I nod and turn to Tom.  “Ready for the big day?”  He grins.  “More than ready.”  I smile back.  “How’s B’Elanna?  Is she feeling better today?”  He nods.  “She sure is.”  His mind inadvertently flashes to a memory of his soon-to-be-wife in the throes of passion during their lovemaking.  For some reason I find the image extremely disconcerting, but I hide that sentiment behind my trustworthy command mask.  “Good to hear.”  I utter and force a smile as I pick up my coffee.  

The rest of the morning I sit on the Bridge wondering about my reaction to Tom’s memory.  I’ve experienced far more disturbing images from other people over the last couple of days.  Thoughts of sex, violence and other things I didn’t really want to know.  Other than a spontaneously raised eyebrow, they didn’t invoke much reaction in me.  So why did that image of B’Elanna upset me so much?  Because it