some kind of animal that is.

"Well?" The merman pressed, clearly looking at Louis, although he was completely certain that he was entirely hidden behind the bushes.

Slowly, Louis stood up and flew over to the branch perching carefully on top of it.

"Are you going to answer me or just stare at me like you usually do?" The merman asked.

"I don't usually stare at you," Louis snapped. No, not snapped. He did not just snap at the pretty merman. His life was completely over. Utterly ruined. No point in continuing now.

The merman giggled, bringing Louis out of his internal monologue.

"You think I'm pretty?"

Fuck.

Louis did not just have his internal monologue externally. This could not be happening.

"Anyway, you totally stare at me. Like, all the time," the merman continued.

"I really don't. I just like looking at the water," Louis lied.

"Is that so?"

"No," fuck, why can't he just make the words that he wants to come out of his mouth come out, instead of this useless word vomit? "I just wanted to know how those fish kept appearing out of nowhere."

"That's an easy one, silly. I got them for you," the gorgeous merman laughed.

"Why?" Louis blurted.

"You looked a little emaciated. And as much as I enjoyed watching you try to fish - you really should learn how to do it properly, love - I felt bad for you. And I might have thought you were a little too beautiful to be struggling like that," the merman shrugged, as well as one can shrug while holding oneself up by the elbows.

"You think I'm beautiful?"

The merman blushed. He blushed! Louis made the beautiful merman blush!

"I have to go, I'll see you tomorrow?" The merman's sentence came out rushed.

"Yes! I mean, sure, if you want to."

The merman smiled. He had the most wonderful smile in the world, or at least on the island. He even had dimples!

He slunk back into the water slowly, keeping is eyes on Louis as if he wanted to keep his image imprinted in his mind for the rest of his life.

"Wait!" Louis called, just as the merman's shoulders slipped under. "What's your name?"

"Harry," the smile on the merman's face grew even bigger, if that was even possible. "Yours?"

"Louis."

"I'll see you tomorrow, Louis," and with that, Harry went completely under the waves and swam off to wherever mermen go when they aren't talking to harpies.

It carried on like that for a few months. Louis would go about his routine, meeting Harry at the bay. Harry always had a fresh fish for Louis, and he gladly ate it while sitting on the branch, chatting amiably with the merman.

But one day, when Louis got to the bay, there was no pretty mermen in sight. No fish either, which was odd. More than odd. Strange. Scary, even.

So Louis waited. He sat on his branch for a while, then went and found some fruit to munch on, and then flew back to the branch.

Eventually, he became so bored, and worried, that he flew down to the rock that Harry usually occupied. Instantly, he noticed that there was a small circle of bubbles on the far side of the rock. Curious, Louis crouched down to peer at the offending apparition and was surprised when suddenly there was a pair of lips on his. Shocked, Louis froze.

After what seemed like hours, he regained control of his brain and consequently the rest of his being and jumped back out of Harry's reach. Harry also swam backwards, giggling to himself.

"It's not funny," Louis said, trying to sound angry, and failing miserably. "I was worried something'd happened to you."

"Aww, Lou," Harry drawled, still giggling. "Quit laughing at me!" Flustered, Louis bristled his feathers out and flew up to his branch.

"I'm not laughing at you, Lou," Harry insisted.

Louis just glared at him in response.

"I liked kissing you," Harry continued, when he realized Louis wasn't going to answer him. "I might even like you a tiiiiiny bit." The merman's eyes sparkled with a joke that Louis was obviously not in on. The harpy huffed and leaped off the branch, swiftly flying away from the bay and Harry.

 

 

Louis spent a week away from the bay. He's not exactly sure what he did in that week, other than gorge himself on fruits and contemplate what Harry had done.

What had he meant by kissing him anyway? Sure, he had called him beautiful once, on the first day they met, but that was ages ago. And he surely hadn't done anything to show he had any interest in him