rushing down his legs and it gave him a strange feeling. Naruto slowly concentrated on ignoring the pain, but nothing was working. The rain wasn't helping him at all either. Before Naruto could even blink, a fist came in contact with his face and pressure was put on the knife that was in his thigh. Stumbling over his feet, Naruto bit his lip trying distract himself from the knife that was currently in his thigh.

 

  "Shit..!" Naruto cursed to himself as he turned around a kicked the guy in his stomach. The blond looked at the knife that was currently deep inside his thigh and winced. He knew he had to take the knife out, if he kept it there it would only make everything worse. Taking a few short breaths, the blond quickly took ahold of the knife that was in his thigh. Swiftly, he yanked the bloody knife out of his leg and threw it onto the floor. Backing up to a wall, Naruto leaned up against the wall, not wanting to put pressure on his leg. He didn't have anything that could stop the bleeding so he would have to get out of here as fast as possible.

 

  Naruto was distracted form his thoughts when he heard footsteps coming toward him. He had totally forgot about the other guy. His blue eyes glanced up only to be kicked right in his stomach. He slowly crouched over and was hit right on the back of his head, but not hard enough to knock him out. With his head hurting like shit, the blond slowly glanced up only to see a black, blurry figure over him. He also noted that there was something shiny in the guys hand. A knife maybe? He really couldn't figure it out, his vision was to blurry. He needed to do something fast though, because if he waits here, who knows what would happen next.

 

  Blinking a few times, the blue-eyed boy had been able to gain his vision back just to where he could see just a few yards. Without even thinking, the blond quickly rolled over to his left, only to hear the sound of metal clashing against metal.

 

  'Heh, that bastard was going to stab me.' Naruto though to himself as he slowly stood up. Biting the inside of his mouth, he had totally forgot about his injured leg.

 

   Soon, the man in front of the Naruto came charging at him. Quickly, the 19 year old had ducked, easily dodging the guys attack. Blocking the mans next attack, Naruto had quickly kneed the guy right in his abdomen causing the man to bend over in pain. Roughly grabbing the guys neck, Naruto slammed his knee into the guys face and threw the guy onto the floor. Soon Naruto stomped on the guys face, making sure he was knocked out.

 

  "This little shit!" Yelled another guy as he ran up to Naruto.

 

   The man ran up to the blond and stopped right in front of the 19 year old. The man slightly smirked to himself as he saw his comrade behind Naruto give him a thumbs up. Soon, the man charged at Naruto to try and distract the blond from his friend that was behind him.

 

   The guy had tried to punched the blond but Naruto had stopped it with his hand and smirked. The man faced scrunched up and he quickly brought his feet up to kick the blond in the chest but still failed. Swiftly blocking each attack, Naruto was to distracted to realize that there was another guy behind him already aiming a gun right at him. Before Naruto could react the guy had shot him twice, one in his arm and one right where a knife had just been penetrated in his thigh. Blue eyes quickly widen as Naruto soon fell to the floor with loud yell, dropping the knife that was once in his hand.

 

  Before the blond could even open his eyes, one of the two men had gave a sharp kick to his abdomen, making the blond spit out blood. Naruto rolled over to his side, only to let out a small yelp when he had put pressure onto his injured leg. There was blood goosing out of the wound and it didn't help when one man kicked him right where the bullet had just been shot. Blue eyes searched frantically for the knife he had just dropped but he soon came in vision with a boot, which was followed by a major head ache. Naruto's vision became blurry as he felt another kick to his side. Pressure was pressed on his injured arm and the blond let out a loud hiss.

 

  "Give it up you damn kid." The guy above him said as he gave the blond a hard kick to his stomach. Naruto rolled over to his side and clutched his bruised stomach. With another Sharp kick to his backside Naruto let out a loud Yelp. There was no way the blond was going to give up, not now! He was so close to escaping so he had to keep trying. 

 

   Naruto slowly opened his eyes to see the knife he had dropped laying in front of him. Slowly the blond had tried to reach for the knife but a foot slammed down on his hand roughly. The