well… I couldn't decide if I wanted a roast beef or ham sandwich… So I had this grand idea to make both and then combine the two… but then…"

Nathalie interrupted, having heard enough of his explanation, "Do you not plan on coming home for your lunch break as you usually do?"

"Um," the blond hesitated, hand nervously tugging at the back of his neck, "I… I thought I'd get some study time in at school in-between classes."

The questioning quirk in Nathalie's eyebrow told Adrien that she didn't buy his lie, so he braced himself for a reprimand. Instead, she startled him by replying, "If you want to have lunch with your friends every now and then, you don't have to lie about it. Just… let the chef prepare your lunch next time, alright?"

"Er, okay…" Adrien sheepishly replied. Her calm and almost-caring manner made him feel just that more guilty. He was still lying to the woman, for neither story was true. He had plans to do some reconnaissance during his lunch period, fulfilling his promise to Plagg to find him a suitable hiding place at the Dupain-Cheng household so he could 'carb up' before tomorrow night's balancing act. The sting of shame was especially sharp now that she'd been covering for him as of late. It felt like he was using her… But what could he do? Ladybug's rules were clear: NO ONE was to know about his secret identity. He already slipped up once on that count, now that Alya had found him out, and he was dreading how Ladybug was going to take the news… He had to tell her when they met for patrol, he knew that… but… What if that was the last straw and she turned him away forever?

"Well get yourself cleaned up, Adrien. Your father wouldn't want you showing up for school with mustard all over your face."

"Yes, Ma'am."

 

Adrien stepped into his classroom with a glum look on his face, as he'd spent the entire ride to campus musing over how he should break the news to Ladybug that Alya was on to him. Should he even mention the name of who discovered him? Ladybug might not like the insight into his personal life, as it could give her clues to his secret identity, and she was just as adamant about keeping their identities hidden from each other as she was about keeping them concealed from the public. Yet Alya had gone and discovered him… But Alya couldn't be blamed for that, so he just had to man up and tell the story to Ladybug straight. She'd been interviewed for Alya's blog before, so with luck, she wouldn't even think that Alya could have a personal connection to his secret identity at all.

"Can you believe the nerve of this anon!?"

Well, speak of the devil… that was Alya talking now, and by the sound of it, she was worked up about something. She seemed rather engrossed in the display on her phone, as did Marinette, so neither of them paid him any mind as he took his seat in the row in front of them.

"No way! How can they say that about Cat Noir!?" Marinette protested, apparently stunned at what the anonymous poster had said.

"I know, right? The nerve! Why, if I could just get my hands on this person, I'd teach them a lesson or two! But get this, they also said, 'If Cat Noir isn't even capable of keeping his focus on the akuma, how is he going to effectively save Paris? Such a distracted person shouldn't call himself a super-hero.'"

"What!?" Marinette cried indignantly, and Adrien winced. He recognized those words, for they were his own. Last night, after skimming the "Thank You" page and finding not even a single negative comment, he had decided to test and see if Alya just deleted any negative commentary from her Ladyblog. Surely that must be the only explanation as to why there hadn't been any hate comments left for him. So, he made one of his own, filled with his honest thoughts. He braced himself for the inevitable: Alya's announcement that yet another hateful comment was not welcome on her blog and was about to face her deletion wrath.

"I can't believe it either! I've never seen a roast on the 'Thank You' page until now, and I can't believe the nerve of this person to do so! Why, just you wait, this girl's gonna give this low-life a piece of her mind!"

Adrien froze at the unexpected words. Was his really the first? How could no one else have concerns about his abilities?

 

As Marinette read over the comment once more, she felt her anger rise and a dull ache settle in the depths of her heart. How DARE anyone say such untrue, spiteful things about her partner?!