I guess you’re right. I just feel like it would be far more welcoming an experience to choose in person. I know if  I  was doing this, I’d want to be hand-chosen. It’d make me feel more appreciated.” Dean looked at Balthazar out of the corner of his eye, watching as he relented with a half-nod.

 

“Glad you agree.” He grinned. Balthazar pointed at the smear of movement that had entered the room and he turned his head to watch.

 

“You must be Mister Castiel Novak. I’m Garth. Do you have your song picked out?” Garth’s cheerful voice filtered through the ventral grates connecting the two rooms. The tall shape nodded, his back to the mirror, and plugged a sleek silver iPod into the audio jack.

 

“Oh, this one.” Dean gave a small smile.  Guilty as Charged was one of his favorites. It had attitude and spunk, seeing as it had been written around the fourth of July while he and his brother and a few friends had been out at a concert.

 

“Be quiet and watch.” Baz murmured, eyes glued to the dancer.

 

The vocals started and the young man started to move. He stalked about the room, movements tight and controlled. Dean couldn’t believe what he was seeing. It looked like the young man in front of him was acting out the song. Every move synced perfectly to the changes in notes and tone. At the middle of the chorus, the boy straightened and froze, before raising his hands in a silent surrender and turning to look at the mirror,  staring straight at Dean. Dean froze as electric cobalt eyes focused on him and gave a slow wink.

 

“Does he know it’s a two-way mirror?” Baz looked as startled as Dean felt, his normally aloof expression was replaced by one of shock and suspicion.

 

“Not as far as I know. What I  do know is that he’s our guy. I’m going in. You coming?”

 

“Sure.” Balthazar rose to his feet and straightened the collar of his designer coat.

 

“Let’s go.

 

+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+

 

The door opened with a soft creak as Castiel finished packing his satchel, He was lacing up his boots when the soft scuff of well-maintained dress shoes announced a moderate-height man’s entrance, holding the door behind him. Castiel rose to his feet and froze, eyes glued to the person the man had supposedly been holding the door for.  Dark blonde hair, relatively tall, compact frame… Oh god…  Castiel’s gaze flitted over the gently smiling figure in front of him, taking in every detail, but when clear cobalt met pure peridot, Castiel found himself completely immobilized.

 

“Sorry to give you a fright.” the first man’s voice floated between them. “My name is Balthazar. Dean and I just wanted to congratulate you on your performance.”

 

“Are you alright?” Dean’s eyebrows knitted in concern, and the spell was broken. Castiel blinked and straightened, clearing his throat quietly. He glanced at the floor.

 

“Yes, I’m doing fine. Sorry, you simply startled me.” Castiel injected easy confidence into his voice, but his eyes betrayed him. They flicked back up to meet the vivid green that had held him captive as the taller man’s face relaxed.

 

“You were absolutely incredible, by the way.” Balthazar piped up again, “That’s the reason he insisted we come in. Sorry to startle you so.” He ruffled the blonde’s hair playfully, earning himself a half-teasing glare and an elbow in return.

 

Castiel’s eyebrows shot up. “Really? I expected that to be laughable.”

 

Dean stared at him for a moment, incredulity written in every line of his face. “You’re kidding. That? Laughable? Dear god, you must be blind!” He exclaimed.

 

Castiel felt a faint flush creeping up his neck and cheeks. He glanced at the floor in an attempt to cover it up. Curse his shy tendencies.

 

“Dean! You’re gonna scare the poor dear off! Do try to be professional.” Balthazar met Castiel’s gaze as he berated the pop star. There was an apology in those blue eyes, but also something else, something wicked. Castiel cocked his head slightly - questioning -, and he winked.

 

“My apologies, Mr. Novak. I should be in touch within the month.” Dean said smoothly in his handsome tenor.

 

“I look forward to it.” Castiel smiled, meeting the emerald eyes once more before sweeping out of the room, some dignity still intact.

 

Castiel’s mobile pinged as he hailed a cab.

 


 Text from Bela T. -- 4:37 pm 



 How’d it go? 


 

Castiel tapped out a reply as he gave the cabbie his address.

 


 I’ll give you all the details, but not over text. My house. Ten minutes.  -CN 


 

Ping.

 


 Text from Bela T. -- 4:39 



 See you then. This is gonna be good,