in the wallet...

 

And last but not least, as he was walking towards the Detective Agency in a now completely foul mood, the weather started changing from sunny to cloudy in the span of ten seconds, and soon enough he was drenched from head to toe because of a crazy stupid rain! He could already tell he would end up with a cold the next day. Why now? Why me?, he whimpered, depressed and defeated.

 

As soon as he got inside looking like a poor wet dog, Ran jumped on him completely alarmed and already grounding him for "being reckless", "walking into the rain without an umbrella", "not caring about his health" and other annoying stuff he did not even bother listening to. God, he was tired. He needed to get out of here. Either that or he needed a hug.

 

Conan let his gaze linger on the girl in front of him. His childhood friend he was so madly in love with for so long, who was now treating him like a little kid. He felt his chest tightening and his stomach stirring. Ran was everything to Shinichi. His anchor when he felt like he was drowning. The light that was guiding him through all his worst nightmares.

But since he became Conan, he knew his feelings for the girl started to change. He loved her, yes. Just not like that anymore. A sister..., he thought bitterly. That was all she was to him now.  

Sighing silently, he simply answered her with a small "Yes, Ran-neechan" before stepping out of Kogoro's office to go to the bedroom, not caring whether Ran was still talking to him or not.

"What a shitty day..." he whispered to himself, throwing his school bag by the door before crashing on his futon. He was still wet from the rain, but he didn't care. He closed his eyes, feeling exhausted.

 

Conan woke up a few hours later, feeling like complete crap. He hadn't even noticed he fell asleep. He knew for a fact he now had a fever. Just what I needed to make this day even better...

He sighed, getting up from the sheets to go get a hot shower. There was a KID's heist tonight and Suzuki Jirokichi insisted upon seeing his "KID Killer" there. Not that the little detective would miss a heist anyway. They were interesting and fun. He certainly needed that after such a terrible day.

"Conan-kun are you ready?" came Ran's voice from the stairs.

"Yes, I'm coming Ran-neechan."

He grabbed his voice-changing bow tie on his way out, tightening it around his neck while leaving the agency with Ran. Sonoko was already shouting a loud "HURRY UP YOU TWO! I DON'T WANT TO MISS KID-SAMA!" from her seat in the limousine she hired for the occasion. I swear this girl... was Conan's last thought before entering the car.

 

They reached the heist a few minutes before the time set by KID, Nakamori-keibu already bickering with Suzuki Jirokichi about the silliness of the old man's traps. Pay attention, you morons...


"Ladies and Gentlemen!"



Too late...


Kaitou KID appeared in a puff of pink smoke, right behind the two men, a wicked grin on his face. Soon enough, they were both stuck to one another with handcuffs around their ankles, a huge red ribbon around their waists keeping them tight, and Hawaiian flowers in their hair. KID had obviously already stolen tonight gem, Haibisukasu.*

If Conan wasn't feeling so sick right now, he would have laughed. Instead, he put a hand on his forehead, backing away from the crowd and police task force. He wanted to go after KID and face him like always, but he was starting to feel out of breath. His body was burning and his gaze was becoming unfocused. Come on, this is so not the place to faint..., he told himself. He knew however that it was close to happening as he fell his feet giving away underneath him. He blacked out as soon as he fell strong hands around his waist.

 

Detective, hey, wake up! ... Oi, Tantei-kun...! 

Conan could hear someone's voice above him, although he could not recognize it. His eyes were shut and he was tired. His body was somehow warm, but not as burning as before. He felt comfortable... wherever he was.

"-ight now!"

The little boy could feel someone shaking him a bit, but he didn't move. He just let out an annoyed groan, puffing out his cheeks in what he knew would look like a very childish pout. He didn't care.

"-mme sleep..." he whined softly, shifting closer to the source of heat that was envelopping him. It was so nice and peaceful here. Shinichi wanted to stay like this forever.

He sighed happily when he heard nothing but silence surrounding him, enjoying the warmth coming from what he could now tell was someone else's body.

Despite the exhaustion and sickness,