, it was a long leather strap with a braided handle and his name going down the strap. “Ah this is perfect” he told the shop owner before walking back to Roxy, he didn’t wait as he clipped the leash to her collar to complete the step and tugged her to him. “Oh yes I can get use to this…” he growled softly biting his lip as he looked her over before claiming her lips with his in a furious kiss.

“Oh master its pretty!” she smiled as she began to walk out with him behind her, now Ken really didn’t give a damn what people thought, he was having the time of his life with the leash. He was also getting wickedly hard, he were pretty close to his best friends house, he was ready to take her there, use the guest room for a quickly before getting home to take his time. Roxy began to lead him that way, ‘what was she up too?’ he asked himself, when they turned down the block he was on Kc walked closer toward her.

“Darling...where are we going?” he asked, she ignored him as she lead him to the house and knocked on the door, the door opened with Jay standing there fresh from a shower a towel around his waist. Roxy walked in past him and tugged me along with her, Jay shut the door turning around crossing his arms across his chest.

“Been a while brother…” Jay said as he walked toward the couch dropping his arms and grabbing the towel to dry his hair, Roxy sat down her bag and began to help with his long hair. 

“Still strangle yourself with your hair man?” Ken asked with a small chuckle, they made a little small talk while his hair was being dry, when Roxy was done she took the lube out and tossed it to Jay. He caught it with no effort and looked at it 

“Yum” he smirked as he gotten up dropping his towel, Roxy began to strip her clothes leaving the collar and leash on. “Ken, you are a little over dressed” Jay told him as he sat down with the lube next to him, Ken looked between the two, though the thought turned him on he was a bit shocked no one ran this by him. 

He tugged the leash till Roxy was close to him “my pet, why are we here?” he asked her,“Because master, you said if we were to play with someone else it would be him, I wanted to surprise you.” That was all he needed, Ken began to strip out of his shirt and pants, he watched Roxy get down on her knees beginning to suck Jay off. God seeing her suck someone else off with him watching made him feel bad ass and extra hard, Jay poured some of the lube in his hand and began to stroke ken with it. Ken threw his head back with a low moan bucking his hips forward as Jay rubbed him. Already with thinking about Roxy all day and now seeing her between another mans legs set him over the top, he was ready to cum in his friends hands. Damn even that was a blissful thought to him, he shuddered softly and like his friend knew him front to back he stopped stroking. 

Ken gave a soft groan in protest as Jay moved, getting up bending Roxy over the closet and bending down behind her, Jay’s tongue darted out toward her slick pussy giving it a nice few licks to get her wet. He stood up letting her sit on the couch, Ken was so confused but he just rolled with it, when Jay walked over to him he allowed the male to take lead. 

Jay walked around Ken with the bottle of lube, he squeezed more into his hand and rubbed ken’s ass with it. He put some on the tip of his finger and pressed it against Kens pink rim and leaned into his ear “Relax...will hurt more if you are stiff” he whispered to him. Ken looked back at Jay as his finger entered him slowly before fucking him, he felt odd but good, giving soft moans and pleas. Jay soon added a second digit, than a third till Ken was leaning over on the table to brace himself. When he was sure Ken was all lubed up he lubed his own cock rocking into his own hand for a few minutes to spread it around and tease ken. 

Ken begged his friend to enter him but his friend didn’t obey to begging, he waited a few moments longer till Ken was quiet before slamming into him begining to fuck him hard and fast. Roxy sat on the couch watching the two in glee as her fingers snaked down to her pussy, she began to rub herself still wet from Jay’s saliva and her own juices. 

Roxy began to finger herself as she watched the two go at it, Jay fucking his friend silly and Ken trying to kiss the breath from him. The two were dominate males but only Ken would submit at times or allow Jay to take control when he needed it. Ken reached back trying to hold onto something and yet urge him on, Jay reached toward