now.” He leans back and retrieves his phone from his jean pocket, dialing with a swipe of his thumb. He stands and walks into the wide foyer.

Caroline tries not to listen, it’s only polite after all, but she can’t help herself. Klaus is on the other end of the cellular. Right there. Suddenly Stefan is saying, yes, she’s here actually. And Caroline is on her feet. Behind her Damon and Elena have decided on their set list and the music is very loud and the bass beat infective. Stefan is looking at her and holding his phone out towards her. 

“Hello?” she says softly and she can hear Klaus breathe and her own breath catches in her throat. 

After long minutes she hands Stefan’s phone back to him, casts her gaze away and tells him, “Klaus is coming over here. I hope that’s okay.”

He looks at her with a dark curiosity but only nods. Caroline wonders how much more Stefan can be bent before he breaks. Again. On the Persian carpet in front of the fireplace, Damon and Elena are dancing. Stefan leans against the arm of the sofa and watches them, then disappears down the hallway. 

The door knocks and Caroline moves quickly to open it. Black jeans, a cream-coloured mandarin collared Henley, Doc Marten brogues, Caroline notices everything, even smells his freshly shampooed hair and, she closes her eyes for this, Clive Christian’s “C”. He smirks as though he knows he just passed some kind of Caroline Forbes male-of-worth checklist. 

“Love,” he says.  Caroline hears the secret in his voice and nearly blushes.

“I gave at the office.” Damon is at her shoulder, pushing past her, his voice ice. 

Behind them Stefan arrives, he holds up two bottles of Dom, one in each hand. “It’s okay, Damon.”

“Like hell it is.”

Caroline puts one hand on Damon’s arm and he stills but his voice is sharp. “What are you doing here, Klaus?”

“Trying to be worth it,” he says this with a soft finality.

Damon stares at him, brows lowered menacingly over his hard blue gaze. “Fine. Whatever.” And he steps aside. 

 

Caroline, Elena, and Damon are dancing. Caroline loves to dance but tonight she’s struggling to find her center point, the place where her worries slough off like old skin, where the music takes over, where her body fits perfectly into the world. It is an aggravation, an ill-fitting discomfort and the feeling is, frankly, pissing her off.

Something is definitely not making any sense in the interactions between the Salvatore brothers and Elena, but studying them covertly from the corners of her eyes is not revealing the issue. And Klaus is seemingly transforming before her very eyes into someone she wants to know, as though wiping the bloody slate clean is possible. It’s all confusing and complicated and messing with her internal rhythms. She closes her eyes; she’s just going to stop looking so hard, and the music jets through her. She can feel the empowerment of freedom, she raises her hands, rolls her head on her neck, and allows the beat to fill her to the ecstatic point of overflowing.

She dances for song after song, extended house mixes. She dances with Elena, she dances with Damon, Damon moves towards Elena as though fording a river of hallucinogenic. Stefan keeps their glasses full of champagne. He dances with Elena, then Damon dances with his brother and both dance with their lover. Klaus finally climbs to his feet and pulls her into his arms. A modern Hesitation Waltz that spins and steps her out of time. Her hand is tight inside his fist, her other hand gripping his shirt, feeling at the taut muscle of his shoulder, his hand is on her waist and his touch is burning hot.

She is drunk on something that is not champagne. She pulls him to a chair and they sit, together. She is elated with a kind of momentary exhaustion. She is breathless. He still has her hand and is rubbing at her knuckles with his thumbs. She is leaning into his shoulder, he raises his arm and she presses her body home against his chest, closes her eyes and listens to his heart beat. 

The music has stopped and it is an abrupt silence until Caroline opens her eyes and realizes that Elena has turned it off. She turns back towards the room and she is crying. Stefan is by her side instantly and leading her to the sofa. Caroline sits up; she wants to help but is helpless. Klaus puts a hand on the side of her head, reassuring her, pulling her back to him. She refuses this and sits up straighter.

“Elena?” she asks.

Elena simply shakes her head no. Damon lowers himself to the sofa on the other side of her, an arm around her shoulders. She leans her head on him and cries a soundless wailing. Stefan reaches for one of her hands and holds fast. He presses his body