knee straight to the nose! If Hammer’s nose wasn’t broken now, it sure the fuck is, folks. Payne Train is not holding back tonight.”



Liam looked down at The Hammer, back on the floor, who’s hand was covering his bleeding nose and his eyes squinting up at Liam. Suddenly, Liam felt a grip on his ankle and he was pulled down to the ground and The Hammer was quickly on top of him, blood dripping down from his nose to Liam’s face. The crooked nose was a ghastly sight, and Hammer’s deranged look wasn’t any better. “The Hammer takes the advantage! Payne Train’s pinned down! Could this be the end of Payne Train?!”



“You little fuck,” The Hammer growled lowly. “Broke my fuckin’ nose, you fuck.” He punched Liam on the side of his head. Liam’s eyesight went spotty from that and his head felt like a bobblehead as he tried to move it. The Hammer punched him again in the same spot. His vision was even more fucked up from that hit. Liam could not lose. 



Liam focused in on his legs and brought his knee up to Hammer’s groin, packing a ruthless hit, causing The Hammer to drop his arm and cup it to his pelvis. With that, Liam shoved The Hammer down and once again the roles were reversed. It was really hard to focus and Liam’s vision was blurry and spotty. Finish him off. Liam kneeled one leg on Hammer’s chest and punched his head with all the strength he had left. It was getting hard for Liam to hear anything now. In the back of his head, Liam swore he heard the final bell ring and the commentator announcing Liam as the winner, but he passed out before he could even find out. 


 


Zayn was pulling nervously at his hoodie sleeves as he waited for Liam to come through the door. Liam left at eleven and it was three in the morning now. His match was at one—certainly he should’ve been back by now…right? Zayn couldn’t remember the time he and Liam met, so he couldn’t use anything for reference. 



Zayn would usually give someone the benefit of the doubt in situations like these…but he was Liam’s friend; he had a right to be a little concerned on where he was. Without another second of thought, Zayn rushed to his bedroom and put on his boots and backpack and grabbed his skateboard. He skipped the elevators and rushed down the stairs, making it to the lobby and out on the street in a minute. The city had settled down by now, the only people on the sidewalks were drunks and the sleeping homeless. He rode towards the direction of the Clam, glancing to groups and people he’d pass to check to see if it was him. 



Close to ten minutes of riding, Zayn saw Liam walking towards him with his head down. Was that gauze around his head? “Liam?” Zayn called out and Liam’s head snapped up. 



“Nyaz?” Zayn couldn’t help but flinch slightly at the fake name. He felt so fake whenever Liam called him that, but it was better than him knowing Zayn’s true identity. “What are you doing out here?” He asked when they were face to face. On his skateboard, Zayn was eye to eye with Liam, and Liam looked tired and sick.



“What happened to your head?” Zayn asked, ignoring Liam’s question.



“The fight tonight…” Liam mumbled and rubbed his eye. “It was rough.”



“Did you win?”



“Yes.” Liam beamed at that, and Zayn couldn’t help but smile too. “I’m in the Final Four. First rookie to do so.” He bragged, but looked away in embarrassment when he expressed his excitement and accomplishments. Too humble for his own good. 



“Are you okay to walk?” Zayn stepped off his skateboard as an invitation for Liam to ride it instead.



“Yeah, don’t worry, mate. I’m fine.” Liam and Zayn started to walk down the sidewalk together.



“What are you doing out here?” Liam repeated after a few minutes of silence.



“Oh, uh,” Zayn rubbed the back of his neck and looked anywhere but at Liam. “You were gone for a while, so, y’know…” Why am I so fucking bad at this?



“Were you worried about me?” Liam smirked. 



“Uh,” Zayn muttered. “I mean…I guess…”



Liam laughed at that response, and Zayn felt his cheeks reddened at how awkward he felt. Caring for people was more embarrassing than he thought. 



“It’s okay to worry about your friends,” Liam clarified. Friends. Zayn ignored the lesson that was whispering from the back of his mind. 



“Um, are you okay, though?” Liam asked, the change of mood from him was sudden. “Earlier, you got very…”



“Weird?” Zayn tried.



“Yeah,” Liam breathed out