meant he was going to be part of her life for a while. They need to learn to get along. For the baby.

“Are you asking me out on a date?” Spike asked incredulously.

“Yeah, right, of course I am,” Buffy said, voice dripping sarcasm. “And since I’m apparently so manly, you can be my girlfriend.”


Oh, great, nice job, Buffy. He was already grumpy, and now…


Spike surprised her by shaking his head and laughing. “Works for me.” He smirked. “Those magazines of yours did say I’d make a fantastic girlfriend.”

He’d read her magazines and done the quizzes? “Just how bored were you?”

“You’ve no idea, Slayer, no idea at all,” he said with a shudder. “Now stop hogging the Doritos or I won’t share the mocha mint chip ice cream in the freezer.”

“Oooh, we have mocha mint chip?” She immediately handed the bag over, then got up and dug through the freezer.

She returned with the carton of ice cream and two spoons. Buffy was still stunned by how much she was enjoying herself. Spike couldn’t hurt anyone, so maybe… maybe it was okay to actually kind of… like this one specific vampire. Maybe that was going too far, but it was okay to have fun with him. Wasn’t it?

No more thinky thoughts, she told herself firmly. Tonight, Buffy Summers was being a whale. Tomorrow night, she was going out. Beyond that… well, she hadn’t gotten there yet. Buffy settled in and focused on just relaxing for once and being Buffy.

Some scenes and dialogue from the Episode “Fool for Love”

Buffy slowly drifted up from a surprisingly peaceful sleep. She wasn’t aware of much at first, just that she was cuddled against someone, and it felt nice. She fit against whoever it was just right. She nuzzled the shoulder her head was resting on, then froze as the memory of the night before surfaced.

She slowly opened her eyes. Oh, boy, she thought in dismay, a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. Spike was leaning back against the couch, fast asleep, and she was cuddled up against him, her head on his shoulder and her hand splayed across his lower belly. Right over where she’d seen the purple glow during her trance. She fought the urge to lift up his shirt and touch him skin to skin.

No, Buffy. Bad, she thought. It was bad enough she’d fallen asleep on him – she vaguely remembered thinking about resting her eyes after he’d already conked out, but nothing really beyond that – but getting all touchy-feely after waking up? So not of the good. She was pretty sure Spike waking up to her all over him like this would trigger a panic attack.

While she’d been mentally scolding herself, her hand – which apparently had a mind of its own, and a really stupid one at that – had started lightly rubbing Spike. She snatched it away and slowly sat up, praying the entire time that he wouldn’t wake up. She breathed a sigh of relief once she made it to the far end of the couch.

Spike was still asleep, looking as peaceful as she’d felt when she’d first woken up. Huh. Now that she thought about it, she still felt relatively peaceful. Last night had been great. She hadn’t realized how much she’d needed something like that. Between school, patrolling, her mother’s illness, the situation with Spike, and researching the ritual and Dawn’s keyness, she’d been running herself ragged.

I may have to take the semester off, she thought reluctantly. She’d really been enjoying the whole college thing, but well…. At the very least, I think I need to go ahead and give up the dorm room. I haven’t been using it, and that’s money that can go to Mom’s headache meds or saved for the baby. 

She took a deep breath and pushed the thoughts away. One day at a time. Today, she was the Buffy Summers who would be going on a “date” later in the day. She needed to figure out a good place to go and see what movies were playing. She also needed to ask her friends if they’d be willing to cover patrol for her. Guilt stabbed at her. Maybe she could incorporate some light patrolling into the plans for the evening? She pushed those thoughts away for the moment as well.

She was going to go out and have fun with Spike. For the baby, she hastily thought. A night out would reduce his stress levels, which would be good for the baby. So would bonding with him in general. She knew firsthand how much it sucked to have parents who didn’t get along. Definitely not putting our baby through that, she vowed.

Spike twitched suddenly and whimpered. Buffy hesitantly reached out