to be found was like finding a needle in a haystack. Michonne had promptly kicked you out with an order of fixing whatever was going on between you and Daryl. Easier said than done.

Your feet carried you to Aaron's house where, as your luck would have it, you found Daryl in the garage, tinkering away at the motorcycle Aaron had given him in exchange for becoming a recruiter. Automatically, you slowed your pace, trying to figure out what you were going to say to him. "I'm sorry" didn't seem like it would quite cut it with him. He didn't look up as you ducked into the garage, boots scuffing on the cement, didn't falter in his movements as you drew closer, and your heart sunk.

"Daryl?" you asked tentatively. "Could, um, could I talk to you?" His hands stopped working and his head turned towards you. Suddenly your tongue felt thick and your throat dry. You had no idea where to even start.

"You gonna talk or what?" he snapped, his voice causing you to jump.

"I, um, I just wanted to..."

"To what? Apologize? Wasted your damn time then," he intercepted roughly.

"Daryl, I didn't—"

He stood up then, aggressively tossing the wrench in his hands back into the toolbox with a clatter. He took one long stride towards you, putting him in your space as he glared down at you through his bangs.

"Yer wastin' your damn time," he growled, his breath fanning across your face. You moved to step back, but something in his tone made you stop.

Then it hit you.

You held eye contact with him for a minute, trying to search his face even but then he averted his eyes to anywhere but you. His discomfort was evident—he shifted from foot to foot, looking around the garage, only making eye contact with you for a second before he looked elsewhere.

"Daryl? Are you—oomph."

You were cut off abruptly by Daryl's mouth on yours. It was clumsy, a colliding of teeth and lips, and you lifted your hands to place them on Daryl's cheeks to steady him as your eyes fluttered closed. The kiss turned softer, slower, and more hesitant as you moved your hands from Daryl's face to his neck, letting your fingers tangle in the hair on the back of his neck. You sighed deeply into his mouth before you pulled away, leaving your hands in his hair.

Opening your eyes, you were unsurprised to see Daryl's were still closed. You moved your hands down to his chest, where it was heaving beneath your palms.

"Daryl?" you said lowly. His eyes opened slowly and he peered at you through his bangs.

"Yer wastin' your time," he said for a third time. This time, though, his tone was defeated, resigned, and your heart broke. Reaching up, you ran your thumb over his cheek before rising up on your toes to kiss him again, harder this time, and his hands left his sides to settle on your waist.

"I think I'll be the judge of that," you murmured quietly, letting your forehead rest on his. "Look, the real reason I came over here was to apologize for what I said the other night. I, um, it wasn't right, accusing you of something like that."

Daryl lifted a hand hesitantly before placing it on your cheek, and you leaned into his touch. "'S okay," he replied. "I get it. Probably would've done the same thing."

"So," you said, glancing down nervously as Daryl found a stray piece of your hair and twirled it around his finger. "Um, does that mean you, uh...you know, feel the same as I do?"

His face flushed crimson, his blue eyes meeting yours for a fleeting second before looking down at his feet, and he nodded, a quick, jerky bob of his head. Relief flooded you and you exhaled shakily, somewhat in disbelief that something like this could happen to you.

"And here I thought you never saw me," you said, relieved, under your breath. Daryl's face changed to an expression of confusion. You felt his fingers grasp your chin, turning your face upwards so he could look you in the eye.

"Why would ya think that? Course I saw ya. Just too chicken shit t'do anythin' about it." Your face warmed.

"You weren't too chicken shit to call me out on the crush I have on you," you pointed out, laughing softly when his face went red again. He cleared his throat and stepped completely away from you, your body growing cold from the lack of body heat. He adjusted his vest, obviously uncomfortable, and you just smiled fondly.

"Wanted to make sure," he finally replied gruffly, "'fore I did somethin' stupid."

"Like kiss me?" you teased, laughing again when he