He helps the other take of his pants and boxers, throwing them onto the bedroom floor. Opening the cap, he coats his fingers in the sticky substance.

 

Not wanting to waste anytime, he shoves one of his finger’s into Baekhyun’s puckered hole. Gasping, the older tightens his grip on Sehun’s arms and lets out a choked moan, making Sehun’s dick twitch. He pulls out and pushes back in, going slowly but deep. “A-aah S-Sehun..” Baekhyun mewls. Sehun adds in another finger, this time going at a faster pace, leaving Baekhyun breathless.

 

He proceeds to scissor and stretch his entrance until he hit a spot that elicited a loud moan from the older. Sehun smirks and continues to ram his fingers into the other’s prostate. “AA-AAhh F-fuck!”he cries out, nails digging  into Sehun’s arms, leaving little crescents in his skin.

 

Just after a few more thrusts, Baekhyun can feel heat pooling low in his abdomen and he knows he won’t be able to hold on for much longer. Sehun smiles at his cute hyung trying to hold in his moans so they won’t wake up the other members.

 

“Nngh S-Sehun! I’m g-gonna c-cum,” Baekhyun chokes out. Right when he’s about to release, Sehun pulls out his fingers and Baekhyun whines in frustration.

 

    “You don’t get to come until I say so. Now get on, I want you to ride me,” Sehun says with lust in his eyes. Baekhyun bites his lip and shyly crawls on top of the younger, straddling him with his thighs on either side of Sehun’s waist. Sehun knows that Baekhyun doesn’t like this position because he thinks it’s embarrassing, but Sehun absolutely loves it.

 

He loves seeing Baekhyun moaning and crying out his name with hooded eyes and covered in marks, bouncing up and down on his dick. He was so, so cute and he was all his. He helps Baekhyun raise his hips so he can lube up his member with the precum leaking from the tip. Not wanting to hurt Baekhyun, he slicks up his hole with some more lube and then proceeds to guide his hips so that his member is lined up with his entrance.

 

Baekhyun slowly sinks down onto his cock, biting back a moan. Sehun throws his head back against the wall closing his eyes and letting out a low groan. Not giving him anytime to adjust to his size, Sehun grabs Baekhyun by his waist and slams him down onto his cock. “AA-AAh!” Baekhyun chokes out, having the breath knocked out of him.

 

Sehun’s pace is not kind as he grips onto Baekhyun’s waist, knowing it’ll leave bruises but he doesn’t care, and plunges violently into his ass. The older is practically gasping for air while trying to keep his voice down so he won’t wake up the 10 other guys in the dorm. “Nnngghh! N-not s-so fast, S-Sehun!” he whimpers into the crook of the younger’s neck.

 

Sehun chuckles, sliding his hands off of Baekhyun’s waist and down onto his thighs. “I said I wanted you to ride me. So ride me. I can’t be doing all the work now can I?” Sehun says with a smug look on his face, teasingly raising an eyebrow. Baekhyun’s panting uncontrollably, feeling his cheeks turning a deep shade of red and Sehun thinks it’s fucking adorable.

 

The older places his hands on the other’s abs to anchor himself and slowly starts to raise his hips then sinking back down again.  With his head looking down, he watches as he swallows up Sehun’s big dick so easily. Feeling extremely embarrassed, he closes his eyes and bites his bottom lip trying hard to keep in his wanton moans.

 

Sehun licks his lips while taking in the sight his boyfriend taking his dick so well. Noticing that Baekhyun is biting down hard on his bottom lip, Sehun grabs him by his chin and tilts his head up. “Come on babe, moan for me. I want everyone to know how good I’m making you feel,” he whispers into his ear. “U-ugh mhm-mm Y-you’re s-such a brat,” Baekhyun pants as he pushes Sehun’s hand away and Sehun lets out a low chuckle.

 

Baekhyun bounces on Sehun’s dick until he he hits a spot that has him seeing stars and arches his back. He takes his hand off of the other’s abs and places them on the bed behind him for support as he rolls his wide hips against Sehun’s slender ones with an arched back that’s probably going to hurt tomorrow.

 

Sehun watches as Baekhyun rolls his hips against his with a slacked jaw and hooded eyes and he swears it’s the sexiest thing he’s ever seen. He begins to roughly and quickly thrust upwards meeting Baekhyun’s thrusts, surprising the smaller boy and making his arms give out