mistake. “Niall was right, you are smitten.”

“Oi, hush up.” Harry whispers, slapping Zayn’s chest lightly. Zayn laughs and runs his fingers through Harry’s curls.

“Hey is this a dog pile!” Niall shouts, referring to Zayn and Harry. He’s got that look in his eyes, mischievous if you will and Zayn knows what’s coming.

“God no! No it’s not a dog pile. Harry down! Down!” He panics, pushing Harry off his lap quickly before Niall can jump on them. Harry falls to the floor with a loud thump and shoots Zayn a glare. “I thought we where having a moment!” He pouts.

“Oi, don’t you look at me like that.” Zayn demands, trying not to smile fondly at him.

“Now my arse hurts.” Harry pouts, rubbing his bum with his hands when he finally stands up.

“That’s nothing new.” Zayn retorts, wiggling his eyebrows. The room erupts in laughter and Zayn grins proudly to himself before Harry a wink.

“Sorry, I’m not you Zayn, I’m a giver not a taker.” Harry responds, making quite the show of turning his head and smirking at Louis. Louis grins and winks at him and Zayn has to try and not loose his lunch over their very obvious flirtation and the fact that he’s been called out.

“If we’re done with the sexual innuendos, I’d like to get back to the game. Zayn, you up for some boxing?” Niall asks and Zayn’s quick to nod and climb across the couch till he’s pressed to Niall’s side and they’re smack talking each other. He’s happy for the opportunity, he really doesn’t want to be left with just Liam again. God knows what he’d give in too then.

The rest of the night goes off without a hitch. He plays the Xbox with Niall, cooks pasta with Harry and even talks about some tattoos he’s planning to get and asks Louis about his own. Hell he even joins in on Louis’ crazy antics and comes to the conclusion that he does fucking like Louis. There his attempts to avoid Liam and they’re all pretty successful if you ask him.

They leave around midnight and since Zayn’s not a complete douche, he says goodbye to Liam, even offers a tentative smile.

After he’s sure they’re inside their flat Zay pulls Harry and Niall to the living room to give them the lowdown of the situation. He tells them how Liam and Zayn where best friends, how he realized he loved Liam in 8th grade. He told them how he kept the secret to himself, to afraid of how Liam would react. He told them that Liam met a girl named Danielle in 10th grade and how he fell pathetically in love with her instantly but she was an utter bitch and never let them hang out for more then an hour alone. He had a feeling she new of his feelings by the smirk she’d send him when Liam had his arm around her waist and had her tucked into his side, kissing her face gingerly. Did he mention she was a bitch?

He told them that Liam wanted to go to a college in London-the one he recently got accepted to- but Danielle wanted to pursue a dance career in the states and requested that Liam follow her. And of course he did because he would do just about anything for that spawn of the devil. He told them how he confessed his feelings the day before Liam was set to leave, how Liam shut him down and ran out, leaving him standing alone and broken hearted.


(He hadn’t expected Liam to say he loved him back or anything, he didn’t expect a kiss and for him to dump Danielle and stay and sweep Zayn off his feet but he was at least hoping for a better reaction. But he can’t blame Liam, Zayn did pretty much blindside him that night.)


He didn’t go into detail about the things Liam said or how he didn’t stop crying in his room for months. Or how he went through different warm bodies to feel something, anything other then the pain and regret that surrounded his heart. He didn’t say how he hardly slept the whole year or how he thought of Liam every second of every day for two years- the past year he only popped into his mind every once in a while. He didn’t give them much more then what was necessary but he feels as though those details where picked up anyway.

Harry and Niall understand and of course they do. They even hug him for longer then usual and apologize but Zayn shrugs them off, telling them it wasn’t there fault and there is no reason to feel the need to apologize. They accept it but Zayn can see it in their eyes that they still feel guilty.

Harry and Niall have obviously made it their mission in life to keep Liam away at all costs. When Louis and Liam