cling onto this feeling forever, live in this moment for the rest of his life, and he wanted to do it with his four best mates.

 

Suddenly, Zayn’s curtain was ruffling and he frowned, turning towards the intruder. But then Harry’s questioning face came into view and Zayn relaxed.

“Can’t sleep,” the younger boy said, voice a little raw post-concert. “Can you?”

“Not a chance,” Zayn replied. Harry grinned and pulled back the sheets before clambering into Zayn’s bed and pulling the sheets over him. His eyes were spectacularly bright, if not a little dilated, and Zayn could tell that he was on a high as well. His face was inched away, what with the both of them squeezed into the tiny bed, and Zayn could feel Harry’s warm, soft breaths on his face and it brought a certain, unexplainable feeling of comfort.

“Can you believe it?” Harry whispered, “Can you believe we get to do this?”

“No,” Zayn replied truthfully. “It’s mad.”

“Mm,” Harry hummed in agreement. “Like, three years ago I lived in Holmes Chapel. Holmes Chapel. Most people haven’t ever even heard of Holmes Chapel. And now I’m on a tour bus in bloody Mexico City, having just performed to thousands of people!”

“65,000.”

Harry grinned. For a moment, his lips were all that occupied Zayn’s mind. They were a bright pink and looked invitingly soft and Zayn wondered what they would feel like when used in numerous ways. Then he realised and tried to push the thought out of his mind, focusing on what Harry was saying and blaming the weird thought on the extended period of time since he had last seen his girlfriend.

“65,000 people. All there for us. Seriously though, how many people get the chance to do that?”

“Not very many. We’re insanely lucky.”

Harry licked his lips.

“More than that. We’re blessed.”

But Zayn’s brain hadn’t quite gotten past the lip-licking. It had been so sudden that Zayn hadn’t been able to prepare for it and it had gone straight to his crotch. Which, ordinarily, wouldn’t have been a problem – the boys had caught each other mid-wank multiple times before and boners weren’t new territory – except, this time, they were lying in bed, pressed up against each other, and the cause of the boner was his bandmate.

 

Of course, it didn’t go unnoticed by Harry. But he didn’t yell or frown or struggle desperately to get out of bed. Instead, his mouth formed a small ‘o’, which really wasn’t helping Zayn’s situation. Suddenly the atmosphere shifted. The air got thicker, heavier. Harry’s breath on Zayn’s face no longer brought comfort, but instead a sensuality that, again, did nothing to alleviate the problem in Zayn’s boxers. His eyes locked onto Harry’s bright green ones and they held each other’s gaze until Harry slipped his hands under the sheets. Zayn wanted to ask what he was doing but his throat felt too dry.

 

And then Harry’s hands slid beneath the band of Zayn boxers and his long, cold fingers wrapped around Zayn’s dick, which, of course, responded instantly to the touch. Zayn frowned slightly because this was Harry, his bandmate, the baby of the band, the charming one, the ladies’ man, and he had his hand around Zayn’s cock and there was just something so ridiculous about the whole thing but Zayn couldn’t find the words to tell Harry to stop. And, to be honest, he wasn’t sure if he even wanted Harry to stop.

 

Harry ran his hand along Zayn’s length and Zayn let out a small gasp. The feeling of cold fingers along every inch of his dick was delightful. And the Harry started to tug lightly and Zayn let out a moan because it had been ages since he had felt any hand but his own do that to him. He didn’t realise his mistake until Harry went,

“Shh!” with wide eyes and a hushed voice. Zayn clapped a hand over his mouth. They remained motionless, listening to see if anybody had stirred. After what felt like the longest seconds in the world, Zayn let his hand fall from his mouth. Harry glanced down, and then back up at Zayn’s face. When their eyes met, they erupted into a fit of hushed giggles. Because the reality of what they were doing was only just starting to seep in and god it was weird. They were Zayn and Harry and they were getting off on the tour bus, with the rest of heir bandmates barely 10 metres away. And it was a testament to their post-concert high starting to fade that they realised how stupid what they were doing was. But they were still just buzzed enough to not care. Because, yeah it was stupid