I’m a horrible person.”Kyungsoo withdrew from the hug and looked him in the eyes. “Baekhyun, you are not. I know Jongdae, he has always been like that, okay?”“You know Jongdae?” Baekhyun asked, incredulous.Groaning, his roommate nodded. “Long story short, we shared a few classes and he dated a friend of mine. Anyway… that’s why I’m telling you: you’re doing nothing wrong. The only mistake you’re doing right now is lying to yourself about not liking him more than the other men or anyone else you dated. Because it’s obvious you like the guy. Like, a lot.”“Who wouldn’t?” The older mumbled.Kyungsoo offered him a smile. “Indeed. Who wouldn’t? Then again… who wouldn’t like you?”Biting his lips, Baekhyun played with the hem of his shirt. “What do you know about Jongdae?”“He’s really nice – too nice – but you already know that. He’s scared to lose people. That’s why he always tries to keep them by buying stuffs or doing everything they want. That’s how Jongdae is. It’s not just you.” Kyungsoo explained. “But you should talk about it with him.”Nodding, Baekhyun let out a sigh. They had to talk, didn’t they? He wasn’t sure if he was ready to have the conversation though. Just thinking about it brought him a headache.Despite Kyungsoo’s advice, Baekhyun ignored Jongdae’s calls and texts the following day. Don’t get him wrong, he liked Jongdae and he was happy with him, but everything was a bit too sudden and he wasn’t used to feel anything other than attraction and fondness for the guy he dated. With Jongdae, feelings were involved and he wasn’t ready to deal with any of that crap.That was what pushed him to contact one of his old conquests to spend the day with. Kyungsoo had looked at him with a reproachful expression on his face when a foreign guy came to fetch him, but his friend hadn’t said anything – yet.They spent the day shopping, going to the amusement park and eating in a five stars restaurant. It was everything Baekhyun wanted, and he should have been elated but he wasn’t. In fact, he was far from it. He was bored, and that thought shocked him. Weren’t those his favorite things to do? Wasn’t this his way of living? He was feeling lost and beyond confused.When his conquest proposed him to go to the hotel, Baekhyun panicked and tried to let him off smoothly, telling that he had a headache. It worked and Baekhyun practically ran away to go home where an angry Kyungsoo was waiting for him, looking pissed.“Jongdae called fifty times, I had to turn off your phone.” He began somberly. “Then, he came with gifts, lots of them.”Baekhyun bit his lips, ashamed. Kyungsoo didn’t fall for it though and carried on with his lecture. “You are going to call him and apologize. What you are doing isn’t right Baekhyun. I didn’t say anything before because the guys you dated weren’t serious about you, but Jongdae cares and he likes you.” He sighed loudly. “It isn’t fair to neither of you. Get your shit together and stop running away for once!”Stomping his foot, he glared at Baekhyun one last time and retrieved back to his room, slamming the door behind him.When Baekhyun entered his room and saw all the gift packages, his heart constricted painfully in his chest, and the guilt overwhelmed him. Kyungsoo was right, he was acting like a kid by running away, and it wasn’t fair to Jongdae who was so nice and perfect. Jongdae who liked him like no one else had before. The truth was that Baekhyun was terrified, a person as ugly as him didn’t deserve someone like Jongdae.Letting out a shaky breath, he pushed the gifts away and lay on his bed, curling up into himself.Kyungsoo found him in the same position when he came to see his roommate, worried when the younger hadn’t shown up to diner. Before he could open his mouth though, Baekhyun broke the silence. “I’m not the right one for him.”His friend sat on the edge of his bed and snorted. “Nonsense. Who believes in that kind of things nowadays? The right one? There is no ‘right one’, there’s only ‘the one’. And you are Jongdae’s ‘the one’. Stop making excuses and stop being scared, okay? Just talk to him and everything will be right.”Baekhyun pouted and let Kyungsoo pet him, knowing it was his friend’s way of apologizing for earlier.“Are you going to dump me?”Jongdae asked softly, his eyes not meeting his.They had decided to meet in a coffee shop to talk because it was a neutral place