Once they made it to the bed, both guys were completely naked. 

They fell down onto the soft mattress, connecting their lips together desperately. Harry kissed his way down the others body, taking the hard cock into his mouth. Harry worked the hard dick in his mouth, twirling his tongue lazily and trying to swallow. Harry's moves were obviously groggy and not as precise as they would be if he was sober, the other boy didn't seem to notice being equally as drunk. 

Harry got up to find some condoms in his bedside draw, once he found some and a bottle of lube he made his way back to the bed to find the stranger was already on his hands and knees presenting himself. Harry bit his tongue and tore the packet open, taking he condom out and pulling it on his hard cock, pumping it a few times. Harry positioned himself behind the other boy, not bothering to stretch him out. 

Harry would've normally taken it slow but in his drunk state, all he wanted was a nice hole and the stranger didn't seem to mind at all. Harry thruster in with a big grunt, lovin the tight feeling around him. It didn't take long and Harry was at a steady rhythm, pounding into the other boy. 

Grunts and moans were filling the room as both boys were nearing orgasms. Sweat was dripping down Harry back and his head was thrown forward in pleasure. A soft moan from the stranger tore Harry from his pre-orgasm state, forcing him to focus on the boy writhing beneath him as well. Harry lent forward and pumped the stranger in time with his thrusts. Harry felt that tightness in his stomach that let him know he was close, quickening the pace of his thrusts and his hand movements. 

Harry's movements became groggy and he knew it was a matter of seconds, he heard a soft moan beneath him and felt a warm load covering his hand, this pushed him over the edge, filling the condom with one last crack of his hips. 

They stayed like that for a few minutes, their brains slow because of the alcohol and immense pleasure that was just pumping through them. Harry came to and pulled out tossing the condom on the floor somewhere and collapsing onto the bed. Harry heard the sound of soft snores and he felt the pull of sleep hitting him too, it didn't take long and he was sleeping peacefully, loving the warmth of the unknown stranger beside him. 

The pain was incredible web Harry woke up, peeling his eyes open and letting them adjust to the light was one of the hardest things he will ever do. Harry was moving around in his bed, trying to shake this awful groggy feeling. When his knee came in contact with warm flesh, he nearly fell out of bed. Harry's brain was going at a million miles per hour, he couldn't believe he took someone home. Louis is going to be so pissed, he told Harry he was sick of the whores he brings home, and this one must've been a huge slut seeming as he can't he can't even remember her at all. 

Harry looked over and took in the back of his recent one night stand,  the back was long and tan, the shoulders were broader than a girls should be. Then Harry notice the short hair that was on the top of this body, and Harry's brain did a double take. He brought home a guy? A guy! Louis will be so majorly pissed. 

When Harry felt the movement beside him he took a huge breath, waiting for the figure to turn around. It seemed that today was full of surprises, as Harry's one night stand was none other than Louis himself. 

Harry had to look again, he kept studying Louis' face, making sure it was really his roommate who was in his bed completely naked. Louis began to stir again, his eyes slowly opening. Cringing at the light, Louis tried to make out the figure that was staring back at him.

"Oh fuck" was Louis' beautiful choice of words when he noticed who had joined him in bed.

"Oh fuck alright, what the hell did we do?" Harry replied, equally as shocked. They both began to get up, throwing on clothes as they found them.

"Maybe we just slept in the same bed, we probably didn't do anything" Louis, forever the optimist. 

"I don't think so Lou, this suggests otherwise" Harry said signaling towards the floor near the wall. Louis made his way to Harry to see what he was talking about.

"Oh fuck" Louis repeated when he saw the used condom on the floor. Louis couldn't believe that he actually did this with his best friend. 

"Yep" Harry agreed, obviously not knowing what else to say. Louis was running his hands through his hair, he didn't have a clue what to do in a situation like this. 

"So what do we do? Pretend like this never happened or.." Louis couldn't finish the sentence, he didn