kidnap me!” stiles was already in trouble for not running... being kidnapped would just make it worse.The pretty alpha let out a chuckle.“no, silly. I'm not going to hurt you.” the woman said to stiles. The guy with his hand on her leg was smiling.“i'm laura... thats my brother Derek.” laura said as she helped stiles up.“i'm sorry... curse of being an omega. Is he going to be allright? He looks broken.” stiles asked.“he's fine. My mom told me about you. She said you are unique.” laura smiled.“your mom?” stiles frowned.“she works with your dad during the run and other wolf festivities.” and then it clicked. Laura hale stood before him and Derek hale was touching his leg... the alpha children of the most powerful alpha pair in america. Great.“oh... talia is your mom?” stiles gasped.“yeah. You know her?” laura asked.“yeah... she pulled me aside during the last benefit and had this extremely long conversation about how special omega's like me were. It was so awkward.” stiles cringed at the memory and heard derek whine again.“i should go... before I cause trouble.” she smiled and grabbed allison's hand and ran out of the coffee shop.

 

“wow. That stillinski is an enigma.” laura chuckled as she got into the hale house.“ah, when did you meet her?” talia asked.“at a coffee shop. And baby bro here almost went ballistic. It was funny.” laura patted derek on the back. He groaned and went up to his room.“derek, dear. Get back here and tell me what happened. I dont trust your sister.” laura choked and laughed. “that little omega made Derek go big strong alpha. He was actually influenced by an omega. Thats a sign. Pity she didnt want to be part of the run. We could have sent Derek out there to run after her.” laura joked and a growl could be heard from his room.“well. I'll put on some tea and you can tell me all about it.” talia said and the girls talked about the encounter.

Derek came down for dinner a while later to his mother sitting on the couch reading papers.“mom... what was it like when you met Dad?” he asked.“we both went into the run after an omega... and then I caught his scent. I made him submit. But we both wanted each other just as much. He was a submissive alpha and I was a dominant one. It happened.” she explained.“oh. It was a weird experience. I just wanted to protect her. To drink in her scent and to...” he trailed off.“breed her with your pups?” she laughed at her son.“i guess. Is that normal?” he asked.“sweetie. That means she is your true mate. And you cant ignore something so precious. Its a gift. And i've met her. Nice kid. Very smart. And very fiesty.” talia said and chuckled.

“so, Dad... I met an alpha today.” stiles said as she came in. her father started choking there and then. “thats nice...” he hesitantly spoke.“yes... you might know him. He was very sweet. Bless these omega powers.” she played that one for a bit of cheek.“oh... who is he?” she could smell the nervous vapours roll off her father.“derek hale...” she took care to say that at the exact moment her father took a sip of his coffee. She laughed as he sputtered the coffee all over the table.“i think we should invite him for dinner... dont you think?” she loved goading her father into an early grave sometimes.“if you feel like it... uhm, kiddo. I'm going in to the office.” and with that her father left the house to go to the station. She laughed a little. 

After she had made dinner she felt the need to do something a little reckless. She went upstairs to rumage for her cellphone in her bag when a strange scent filled her nose. In her bag was a leather wallet... smelling distinctly like the alpha she met today. She had initially wanted to text allison to go out or something with scott... but this could satisfy her rebellious need. She smiled and figured a drive up to the old hale house couldnt do any harm... the alpha had told her she's welcome anytime.

The drive there wasnt as long as she'd imagined... she parked near the entrance and walked up to the door. When she got to the door and raised her hand to knock... the woman, laura, opened the door and smiled.

“took you long enough.” she smiled.“huh?” stiles said and frowned.“i snuck his wallet in your bag... i'm pretty sneaky... its a shame it took you so long to realise the strange smell in your bag.” laura said and stepped from the door and motioned for stiles to enter.“DEREK! YOUR OMEGA IS HERE!” laura