in cooking.  Judging from the amount of edible food that managed to leave the kitchen, the process still needed refining. 

     Sebastian came to a halt when he saw the tea tray already set out, a plate of pastries and a steaming pot perched on the trolley.  A quick inspection proved that the delicate pastries were not burned or singed in anyway.  The butler turned, one slim eyebrow arched in question.

     “I thought I could try and help out this morning.”  A flush darkened Bard’s cheeks and he kept his gaze fixed on the dishes he was washing.  “Making tea took time, so I had to be patient.”

     Sebastian eyed the teapot with new interest.  “Is that so?”  He hadn’t thought Bard’s particular methods could be applied to tea.  

     He approached the teapot warily and lifted the lid to peer inside.  His eyes widened at what he saw before he folded his growing smile away and slowly replaced the lid. 

     “Bard, exactly what kind of tea were you attempting to make?”  From what he saw in the pot, he used the word ‘attempt’ lightly.

     Bard looked up, his bashful nature vanishing as he sensed the unspoken criticism lurking beneath the butler’s question.  “It’s rose tea.”  At some time or another he had acquired a tooth pick, which he held clamped between his teeth.  He shifted it now so that it jutted upwards.  “I heard some ladies talking about it.”

     “I see.  I was not aware that we had the means to make rose tea.”

     Bard shrugged.  “Yeah, I know.  I ended up boiling water and rosebuds together.  I figured it was the same thing with other teas since you place the tea bags in hot water too.”

     Sebastian pressed an elegantly gloved hand against his temple.  “Rosebuds and boiled water.”  His voice contained no inflection, retaining its pristine and cultured refinement that all proper butlers possessed.  As was his job, his mind was already smoothing together a plan that would help to deal with Bard’s….helpfulness. 

     Really, he just didn’t understand mortals.  Sebastian was beginning to suspect that one of his ilk never would.  He stared at the innocent tea pot, his thoughts ticking away.  What lay inside was an abomination to any true tea aficionado’s delicate sensibilities.  From the amount of drowned rosebuds he had glimpsed inside, he suspected that if he were to take a walk through the gardens at this moment he would see an alarming amount of naked rose bushes. 

     Sebastian was debating how fast he could create a new pot of tea that was more in line of what his master preferred, when a smile curled the corner of his lips up into the barest remnants of a smirk.  It was all he would allow him self in the presence of one who was not his young Master.  Sebastian didn’t notice the sharp clang as Bard dropped a soapy pot, clearly unnerved by the butler’s subtle display of amusement. 

     The young master had seemed a little sour of mood lately.  It would do him good to have something sweet. 

     “Thank you, Bard.  I’m sure the young Master will be delighted by your selection.”  Gripping the handle Sebastian wheeled the cart out of the room, leaving a gaping cook staring after him.  The door had barely swung closed when Sebastian popped his head back into the kitchen.  “By the way, Bard.  I would much prefer it if you refrained from any more attempts at assisting me.  Your own duties are much too time consuming to be troubling your self with chores that are beyond your means.” 

     Then the butler vanished for good, leaving an irate cook who immediately turned to his trusty flame thrower for comfort.  He was going to cook the best meal ever and he would show that fancy bastard just who he was dealing with. 

     Now where had he left the dynamite?

Ciel opened his eyes to the dull rattle of the curtains being thrown open.  Scowling at the bright sunlight that fell across his face, he turned away, burying his face in the warm pillow. 

     “It is time to get up, young Master.”  Sebastian methodically pulled open all the curtains, carefully fastening them so as not to allow them to slip back into place and douse the ornate room in shadow. 

     The young lord growled and shoved away from his pillow to glare at the butler through tousled bangs.  Seeing that the butler’s back was turned he reached for the darts lying on his bedside table.  A flick of his wrist sent the dart soaring with a soundless whoosh of air, only to be caught midflight between Sebastian’s fore and middle fingers.  Without bothering to turn around the butler deposited the dart on the nearest surface and continued with opening the curtains without so much as pausing.

     Seeing that his attempt to take the ever watchful butler by surprise had failed spectacularly, Ciel sniffed.  He then turned his glower on the early morning sunlight that spilled across the plush carpet and silk sheets of the massive bed. 

     Only once all the curtains had been pulled back and properly fastened did Sebastian deign to turn around and greet Ciel.  “Good morning, young Master.  I