can manage!''

He winks at Merlin. And then he's gone, leaving Merlin to feel strangely abandoned 

He takes lunch on his own for the first time. He doesn't know where to sit, and he feels awkward and also bored. Arthur is over-bearing but he has to admit he is also entertaining. And nobody ever looks at Merlin wrong when Arthur is with him, and he always had been, before. That's probably the reason Merlin has no friends here, though.

He's on his way to the gym when one of the other inmates stops him.

''Hey! Merlin, right? Pendragon leave you alone for a bit? He's normally all over you the bastard, isn't he?'' a young guy with red hair and freckles asks.

Merlin smiles at him tentatively and shrugs. ''Not much I can do about it.''

''No,'' the boy says, shaking his head. ''Nobody can come up against him.''

He pulls out a packet of cigarettes. ''Want a smoke?'' he asks Merlin with a smile.

And Merlin thinks, Why not? It's not like he has anything else to do. He nods at the other boy and smiles back.

''Better step in here, where the guards can't see us.'' The boy winks at him 

They step into what looks like a supply room but the moment the door falls shut behind him, Merlin knows that he has made a mistake. Three other men are standing in the room and their grins are hardly encouraging.

The boy grabs a mob and beats the handle across Merlin's face in a brutal move and Merlin stumbles and falls to the floor. His arms are twisted behind his back by two of the others, and the third crouches down before him

''If you tell anyone about this,'' he says sweetly, ''we'll break your jaw and cut out your tongue. Understand?'' 

He doesn't seem to expect an answer from Merlin. He seems to expect something else entirely, because he opens his trousers and pulls out his thick cock. Merlin is sure he will vomit this time

''I better not feel any teeth, or I'll have to take them out too!'' the man threatens, and then his fingers dig into Merlin's cheek, forcing his mouth open.

No. Merlin thinks. No way, I won't.

But someone grabs his hair from behind and forces his head forward and there's nowhere to go and then the thing is in his mouth and he gags, but the guy just groans like its the best thing in the world. Merlin keeps gagging and he can't breathe properly, and oh god, please, someone, just...

He's forced backwards, onto the floor, and the guy straddles him now, suffocating him, and Merlin struggles but his arms are pulled up over his head and his legs are tangled in the trousers someone has pulled down.

There's something wet and warm on his cock and he doesn't know what's worse, doesn't care, just wants this to stop, please, please.

''He's not getting hard. Maybe he's really not into it.''

''Then take his arse.'' 

''But I thought-'' 

''God! With your fingers, your idiot! Don't fuck him!''

Merlin doesn't know what they are talking about but when his knees are pulled up he suddenly understands. There is more wetness between his cheeks and this is all so vile he is gagging for sure now. His nose is running and he knows he is sobbing. His hair is pulled when his teeth accidentally grace the cock in his mouth, and it's too much. Too much. No. No. Nonononono...

And then there is pain. Searing, burning pain. He doesn't understand where it's coming from at first, until he realises it must be his backside. Something is poking and twisting inside him. Fingers, Merlin thinks suddenly aghast, as his cock fills with blood and there is a chuckle coming from beside him.

Something spurts into his mouth then, slimy and bitter, and then the cock is pulled out. His stomach rebels and there is bile and acid in his mouth, choking him. He twists around and vomits over someone's shoes. 

This earns him a kick in the face and pain explodes in his head and for a moment the world goes black. 

When it swims back into focus, he's on his back and there is pain, too much to focus on the where and why. There is a void where once there was something important but Merlin can't really remember what it was.

One of them, the red-haired boy, kneels down beside him. 

''You wanted a fag, didn't you?'' He has a cigarette in his hand and lazily blows the smoke into Merlin's face. Something in Merlin reacts, and he hits the hand with the cigarette away. His arm is seized immediately and, with his smile turned cruel now,