it already Aho!"

"Fuck! W-Wait, I-I'm still, Fuck!"

Grabbing hold of the key, Aomine inspects it in disbelief,daring it to suddenly fade away.

And so he helps him by flicking a finger to his forehead.

"It's real idiot."

Aomine shot him an exasperated glare for interrupting his moment of truth. As he fumbles to grab his key, Aomine tightly grabs hold of his wrist.

"I'm opening it"

Nodding, Kagami can't help but notice the anxious posture he held as he nears the door knob. In all honesty, this must have been the most dramatic scene he's ever witnessed. It's not as though this is his first time being here. He wants to scold Aomine for taking his damn time as he still had to prepare dinner for the two, but the merriment that laced his eyes stops him. Completely defeating him and at times like these, he's thankful for the lack of witnesses. He doesn't want to be seen so feeble to Aomine's expressions.

As Aomine turns the key, a click was heard. He flinches in his place and slowly opens the door ajar. He gives Kagami a glance, in which Kagami responds with a nod.


Hurry up already moron. 


Setting foot inside, Aomine comes to a halt but with Kagami in tow, he bumped into him.

"Oi Aomi...ne..."

His voice trails off as he is met with a small neatly wrapped red box in front of him. A note stuck to it.


To: Taiga 



Happy Birthday. I love you. ♥



 From: Yours truly, Daiki.


Oh.

He had forgotten it was his birthday, that explains his father's phone call; he's become so infatuated with Aomine that he's lost track of time. Aomine even took the time to get him a present. He wonders if that's the reason Aomine was gone from his side this morning.

 Oh.

Suddenly, he feels himself heat up, a ringing flooding his ears. The blood rushing to his face tinged his cheeks as he lifts his gaze from the note. Aomine had casted his eyes to the side, clearly flustered. He opens his mouth for a reply when he closes them shut again, remembering he still had yet to open the box. Gathering his nerves, he starts unwrapping the box.


Geez get a grip, I'm acting the way he just did a moment ago. 


Separating the folded papers, tiny accessory bells shaped into a basketball came into view. He lifts them up, the bells responded with a soft chime.

Speechless, he looks towards Aomine for an explanation.

"It's for your phone. An accessory. I have one too."

Aomine reaches into his pocket, a similar chime was heard as he lifts a replica of the present.

"You still have my phone."

"Huh. Oh right. Here"

Kagami watches Aomine fiddle around with the bell as he attaches it to the side of his phone

"Don't just sit there and watch"

As they tinkered with placing the bells, a rhythmic serene melody plays. Observing closely, he could make out the design in each bell. These bells weren't store bought, he probably got it specially made.

"T-Thanks Daiki. I-"

"There's more idiot"

More? What else could there be-

A ring.

A ruby red diamond encased in a gold frame. It looks expensive as hell, he's beginning to think Aomine robbed a bank for this.

"Where did-"

"Akashi"

"Oh"

"..."

"HAH?!"

"Relax I didn't sell my soul to him. He gave it to me for free for all the emotional trauma he's caused me."

Dumbfounded, he looks on with a skeptical look.

"Least now you can remove that annoying ring on your neck."

Kagami laughs, clutching a hand to his stomach. He didn't expect him to still be bitter about the ring Himuro gave him, he's already explained numerous times that it's a memento of their childhood.

"I know it's a childhood thing but make room for me... Okay?"

The room grew silent as Kagami stood there unresponsive, thinking to himself how far gone will Aomine make him feel before he's satisfied. As it is, he's already whipped, hopelessly so. Removing the necklace from his neck, he replaces Himuro's ring for Aomine's. Then he saunters towards him. He cups his face, lightly outlining his prominent jaw.


I get all this to myself. 


And so he kisses his forehead,

"I love how you're susceptible to the tiniest aspects of life"

Then his left cheek,

"I love the way your face connects with mine as we sleep"

His right cheek,

"I love how you're able to ward off any insecurities I have"

His chin,

"I love the way you tilt your head to my direction when I call out to you."

Finally, his lips,