loud! Now she was going to think he was desperate(well he is desperate to be loved but that’s beside the point).Adrien was about to retract his offer when Ladybug said, “Yes.”To say he was happy was an understatement as he offered the crook of his arm and she looped hers through it. “My what a gentleman. Such a surprise from a stray,” she teased.He winked at her as they joined couples dancing to the soft violins playing a romantic tune that could be heard throughout the entire Ball. “This cat is full of surprises, Ladybug. Just you wait and see.”As Adrien danced with the masked goddess who traded teasing and puns with him throughout the entire dance he knew without a doubt that it was miraculous meeting her as the tensions of his normal life seemed to fade. Before the Masquerade Ball ended, he was happy to hear the mayor announce that the Ball would be held on weekends from then on.

Very reasonable questions when entering a relationship. Three friends wonder the same about a certain bug and cat.

Author’s Note:I honestly have no idea what is precisely going to happen in future chapters. I know how this will end but I don’t know what will happen from now to the final chapter. I’ll just go with the flow between now and the final chapter.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Mayor Bourgeois’ Masquerade Ball continued every weekend as promised and everyone who attended knew of Ladybug and Chat Noir. Unknown to the duo (or so was believed), their interactions with one another silently became part of the entertainment as they watched Chat Noir try to win over the feelings of Ladybug. Newcomers to the Ball would quickly discover the couple and join in with the many spectators.Ladybug and Chat Noir knew fully well that they were being watched closely. Chat Noir was at first nervous particularly because he joined the party to get away from being the center of attention (however Amber did help convince him later on that people were watching them only for entertainment purposes, relaxing Adrien but only annoyed him at people thinking he was not serious for his feelings). Ladybug didn’t care as she came to the Ball to forget her struggles in real life like most of the regular guests who attended, and thought that if she helped them forget reality (in a good way) then she didn’t care.A year passed with the guests of the Mayor’s Ball enthralled as they watched Chat Noir flirting with Ladybug almost at every moment with bad puns which Ladybug would shut down with a sassy remark. Rumors flew as guests wondered who Ladybug and Chat Noir were behind their masks as Chat Noir wondered with them.Said rumors were being analyzed by three friends as they prepared to go to the Ball.Marinette looked with a raised eyebrow at Alya who was slipping into her orange dress. “A spy?”“From China,” added Lila, adjusting a dress that matched Alya’s.Marinette shook her head as she freed her hair from her pigtails. “I don’t even speak Chinese fluently!” Her anger was brief though because it was only a wild, and not true, theory as she smiled. “Although I agree with the theory that Chat Noir is a millionaire playboy.”“If he is I’d so do him if it was me who he was after,” Alya said, checking her face in the mirror. “He’s hiding a lot more under that suit if you know what I-”Marinette groaned. “Alya! If he is a playboy as his usual self then I would be nothing more than another name added to his ‘slept with’ list.” Her hands were brought up to air quote the words.Lila turned to her two friends. “If he is a playboy, he’s doing it poorly you know. I’ve only seen him flirt with you.”Marinette rolled her eyes. “As if.”“No Lila’s right, Mari.” Alya said after briefly thinking about it as she took off her glasses and slipped on contacts. “I’ve only seen Chat Noir hang out with one other girl, Queen Bee, but they don’t flirt.”Marinette frowned. “How would you know?”“We’ve talked with Queen Bee while Chat Noir attempted to woo you,” Alya replied, her back to Mari as she wrapped up her last touch ups. “She knows him outside of the Ball, but when we asked if he is usually flirting with other women she laughed! According to Bee, he doesn’t flirt with anyone unless he really means it.” Alya turned to see Marinette’s back.Marinette’s cheeks were flushed red, a color she didn’t want either of her friends to see. “I’d have to talk to her to believe that,” she said calming herself, before changing the topic. “Are we ready, Fox Twins?”She turned to find her friends wearing fox like ears. “Whenever you are, Ladybug.”

 

“Well they got that theory half right,” Adrien murmured as he waited near the entrance of the