she stood, eyes blazing, a grim determination on her face, telling him to go after another girl even if she just confessed to him a while ago, and snogged him to prove her point. Only then did James see her, really see her, past her pretty eyes that weren't the right kind of green.

Maybe he could have liked her, if he had agreed to give her a chance. But he knew he wouldn't have given her that anyway, no matter what he thought now. So he would never really know if he would have taken a liking to Clemence at all, would he? Not that he really wanted to know. He was just slightly shocked from the possibility that maybe her eyes could have become the right kind of green. But again, that didn't matter now. He was already hopelessly lost to someone else.

"I— thank you."

James hugged her and she sighed, thinking how wonderful it felt and just how bloody mouthwatering the Quidditch captain smelled.

"Honestly, what are you— James, just go. Go after her," Clemence mumbled, trying not to get too comfortable against his chest.

He let go and gave her a quick kiss on her cheek, smiling his thanks before he gave chase.

Clemence crossed her arms, her face a blazing red, as she watched the Head boy race through the corridor after Lily Evans. She let out a little sigh of disappointment.

It was such a shame, she thought. James was gorgeous and kind and a bloody good snog. They could have got on but even she knew, after what happened, that going after James would have been a lost cause. She shook her head and turned around to go back to her common room, wondering what on Earth James Potter could be thanking her for.


-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-


 

"That is awfully quite distracting, you know."

In the end, James wasn't able to catch up with Lily and had resolved to go wait for her in the Heads' dorm. But once he arrived, he noted the soft glow of flickering lights coming from Lily's bedroom and knew at once that she was inside.

James was surprised though, that he didn't even need to beg entry into her room. He called out to her and she promptly answered, making no business to hide her presence. James expected a little amount of resistance, at least, but as he almost always was with anything concerning Lily, he was wrong. Nonetheless, James was still wary when he entered the room and he sat down in front of her. The fact that Lily was playing with her wand, causing sparks of different colors to shower the room, also wasn't helping James' nerves at all.

"Sorry," Lily muttered and finally tucked her wand away, "What did you want to talk about?"

James hesitated. "I wanted to explain... er, what you saw earlier..."

Lily shrugged. "You don't have to explain anything to me."

Someone other than James could have been fooled but James knew Lily. He watched Lily far too much to not see the tension rolling off her shoulders, causing the straightness of her back and the stiffness of her neck.

"No, Lily, it wasn't what it looked like."

"You're seriously using that line on me?"

"It's not a line. It's the truth. I swear."

Lily raised an eyebrow. "So Clemence Wartby wasn't trying to eat your face off?"

"No, she— we're not—" James huffed, his hand tugging at his hair in frustration.

Lily sighed. She suddenly felt exhausted. "You don't have to explain yourself, Potter."

"Potter?"

"That is your name, isn't it?"

"No," James' eyes suddenly flashed dangerously, a grim determination shone on his face, set on the curve of his mouth, "No, we're not going back to that. I won't— Lily, please."

Lily's breath hitched with the way he said her name. She could see and hear his desperation, the plea for her to listen.

"Clemence asked me out... but I was going to say no. She wanted me to give her a chance, and yes, yes I hesitated but only because I knew that— I knew how—" James' hand flew to his hair again, his dept fingers pulled at its edges, "Clem saw me hesitate so she kissed me. And I admit that for a moment... for a moment I lost my head and let her and I'm sorry for that. But Lily—"

James saw Lily's expression harden as her eyes started to grow brighter. He saw it— she was shutting him out again, denying him of the chance he was asking for,