, lips curling into a tight little smirk before continuing, “Legion assigned 

me

 to stake him out, not you. I’m certainly not 

opposed

 to the help, especially considering how hard that help would be for me to get… since, y’know….” Felix gestures to the left shoulder, a large brand burned into the skin more brutally than the Legions not-yet-permanent mark on the right shoulder. There’s dark, questionably-colored ink etched painfully over the burns; a brand reserved for Liars. “But as far as They’re concerned, any information I come back with is good enough for Them, no matter where it came from, as long as They get it from me. So, here’s the pitch...”



Tucker waits and looks at Felix, showing his attention span is actually here and not just for pretend. The photo, still in his hands, slowly inches further away from Felix.


Felix continues: “You follow the ugly duckling and play the role of hired underling – I know, I know, bear with me here – and investigate whatever suspicious activities Legion’s so concerned about. I’ll present that information to Them as my own findings – no mention of Tucker, no allusion to Tucker. Every piece of info we get is accredited to me.


“ In exchange: not only do you get all the eye-candy you can ask for 

and

 a possible new Contract, but,” Felix hits the ‘t’ hard, “I’ll give you any information Legion gets on the guy once my part of the job is done. In fact, I’ll even help you get your grimy little hands on his… soul, dick, whatever it is you want. Hell knows 

I

 don’t wanna have to look at him for months on end. You, on the other hand, seem…” Felix trails off dramatically, then shoots a glance Tucker’s way, “interested~”



Well, it is a tempting offer. Tucker’s all about temptation. He 

is

 temptation, and that’s why he isn’t fooled by Felix’s offer: it reeks of a bad deal. But, fuck, is it tempting.



Tucker’s eyes linger on Felix’s brand. His gaze shifts between the glass of honey mead (bargaining 101) and the heavy-inked Liar’s burn on Felix’s left shoulder... before resigning himself to the photo once more.



“I thought that you couldn’t make deals or Contracts when you’re with a Legion?” Tucker asks before drinking whatever he’d spit back into the bottle.



After a sharp intake of breath, Felix admits, “Not personal ones, you can’t -- The, uh… those in the Legion can’t barter or Contract for personal gain, but-”



“So, you’re lying.” Tucker cuts Felix off. “Again.” His addition earns him a hard stare.



“

However

,” Felix growls, the word pushing pointedly through grit teeth, “We can make deals if they’re for Legion. But, I’m not actually in Legion yet, remember? They’re still trying to see whether or not I’m worth it.”



“ ‘Cuz you’re a Liar.”



“Yes, because I’m a Liar, 

can you stop

?” Felix’s words are quick and frustrated, but for the sake of getting to the end of this quicker, Tucker lets Felix continue. “I’m not a Legionnaire yet so I can still forge my own Contracts and make deals and shit. And any Contracts or bargains forged 

before

 official induction into the Legion are allowed to resolve after join-up.”



“Doesn’t mean I trust you.”



“Do you wanna chase cock or not? Because I can ask someone else.” Tucker stares up at the demon. “…Okay, fine, I can’t.” Felix folds arms at the admittance. “Maybe you’re the only one who talks to me anymore, and maybe that makes you the only one I can ask. Maybe.” Tucker looks Felix over, then glances down at the photo.



…He 

is

 cute…



“How do I know you’re not lying about the Legion thing?”



“What would I gain from that?”



“I dunno, dude; I’m not a fuckin’ Liar.”



Felix throws hands in the air in surrender. “What do you want from me, a song and a dance? All I can do is say I’m being honest this time.” Tucker waits. “I’ll pinky promise if you want -- shit, I dunno.”



Tucker taps the bar with his beer bottle, looking between Felix and the photo again. He blows air out of his mouth, sucks on his teeth and takes one, last, long drink from his beer, emptying the contents.



“Tell ya’ what,” Tucker sets the bottle aside, and the lack of denial inspires Felix’s hopeful stare. “We’ll check him out. If he’s as hot as he