to do that. So lost in his own thoughts surrounding the lilac alien, Keith hadn’t noticed that Lance has been watching both him and Rolo, wearing an annoyed expression.

It was a few steps away from entering Rolo’s ship that Lance made a fairly loud announcement that stopped the taller male in place, causing him to turn and watch the spectacle along with Keith, except the Red Paladin did so with less confusion and more embarrassment on Lance’s behalf as the Blue Paladin was now trying to impress Nyma with how many push-ups he could do.

“Keith!” Shiro calls.

Turning his attention to aforementioned leader and seeing him waving him over, Keith resists the urge to slump his shoulders or ruin his perfect posture in any way, “I better see what they need.”

“’s cool.” Rolo jerks his thumb towards the entryway, “Was just gonna run some diagnostics anyhow.”

“Oh,” Keith mouths, why had he wanted to follow Rolo, “Um – talk later?”

“Sure.” Rolo grins, his lopsided grin doing things to Keith’s heart.

“Okay.” Keith begins backing off, “Cool.”


oOo



Rolo. Rolo. Rolo. 


God. Keith felt like a fool for thinking about the guy so much despite only having left his side for only a handful of minutes ago, but there was something wonderful about it all that made him think of the rebel’s voice and easy-going attitude. All of it turned Keith’s insides to putty and he loved the ache. Beside him stood Lance with a fairly exaggerated pout. The Blue Paladin having been pulled away from Nyma by Shiro after the man had enough of Lance embarrassing himself.

With the others busy, Lance turns his attention to his rival who sits silent and staring at nothing in particular with a glazed look in his eyes and a content expression currently residing upon his face like a mask. The tanned boy couldn’t help the spike of annoyance that cracked across his mind – he’d seen the way Keith had looked at Rolo like he had personally put the stars in the skies, or the way he trailed after Rolo like a lovesick puppy to the ship. Walking side by side. Man, what was Keith thinking following Rolo to the ship? What were they going to do once inside? And did Lance even want to know?

Lance suddenly blurts, “What’s so special about him anyway?”

“Huh?” Keith looks up, meeting Lance’s gaze, “Who?”

“You know who.” Lance spits, gesturing towards Rolo’s ship, Keith’s brows knit in confusion and just stares at him like he doesn’t know who he’s talking about. Lance swears to God he’s going to scream, “Rolo.”

This kick-starts Keith’s brain and the second Rolo’s name is said, there’s a dusting of pink coating his cheeks that shouldn’t really annoy Lance as much as it does. Keith splutters, “Well what’s so special about Nyma?”

“Dude!” Lance stares at Keith wide-eyed, “Have you seen her!? She’s hot!”

“Well!” Keith’s blush darkens, “Maybe I feel the same about Rolo!”

“Wha - !? You know he’s a dude right?”

“Of course I know he’s a guy!” Keith snaps, “I’m not an idiot, Lance!”

“Wait, wait, wait!” Lance holds his hands out, “You’re – gay?!”

“Yeah.” Keith frowns, arms crossed over his chest and unimpressed, “So what?”

“I didn’t - ! The others - ! Does Shiro know!?”

“Of course he does.”

“He knows – wait!” Lance looks horrified, “He knows and that’s why he called you back! He knows you were gonna let Rolo have his nasty way with you!” Keith blushes to his neck, Lance squawks, “Oh my god!”

“No! No, no, no!” Keith shouts, covering Lance’s mouth with both hands, “It isn’t like that!”

“The fuck it isn’t!” Lance shouts, voice muffled behind Keith’s hands, “You guys were going to be alone!”

“Not everything has to be about sex.” Keith hisses, “Unlike you I like knowing the person before that.”

“Hey!” Lance snaps, throwing Keith’s hands off his mouth, “I like to know about potential lovers too! That’s just what flirting is! Seeing what they’re into and – what?!”

Keith had been staring at Lance with a deadpan expression; he scoffs and turns away, “Nothing.”

Silence.

“What do you see in him?”

“He’s tall.”

“Is that all?” Lance snorts, Keith shrugs, “Well, I’m tall, does that mean you love me too?”

“No.” Keith snorts at Lance’s jab, “Rolo is more than that – he’s just tall and strong and – calm. Everything about