s mouth. The way Levi sweetly moved his tongue along Eren’s underside. Wet noises filled couple’s ears. Blushes were painted on both their faces. The brunette moaned from the sight of Levi blushing.

Levi hastened his speed on Eren’s cock. The raven haired man also lightly bit into the flesh. Eren’s legs opened up and he started to move his hips up, towards Levi. His hands gripped the man’s hair hard as he thrusted his hips faster. The brunette pulled away from Levi’s fingers. He gasped before he spoke.

“Levi… cumming…” The brunette whined. Levi patted on Eren’s legs, as if to encourage him to cum inside his mouth. Eren bit his lips as he clenched his eyes closed and cried out his boyfriend’s name. “Levi!”

The brunette came inside the raven haired man’s mouth. Eren opened his eyes to see his senior gulping his cum. The brunette blushed and tried to push Levi away. The man wouldn’t budge though.

“T-… That’s dirty!” Eren rasped. Levi pulled off of the brunette’s cock with a wet pop sound.

“I know, brat,” the man answered with a roll of his eyes.

The brunette knew that the man hated dirty things. The fact that Levi was getting dirty because of himself, turned him on. He felt his face heated up more, if that was even possible.

Eren knew that he had to do the same too. He got his knees on the ground and Levi sat up on the bed. The brunette got in between the man’s knees. He reached his hand to palm Levi. This was going to be his first time seeing Levi’s dick. All the sexual tension from the last two months were finally paying off for him.

The young boy unbuttoned the man’s pants and pulled down the zipper. Eren grabbed the boxer briefs that Levi wore. He pulled it back a little to let Levi’s cock free. And free, it was. Eren just stared at what was presented to him with awe.

“Levi,” Eren took a deep breath.

“Scared?” The older man asked the boy at his legs.

“Well… yea,” Eren answered truthfully. “But… I want to taste it.”

Levi was thick like Eren thought. The boy didn’t think that the man would be longer than himself though. The color was slightly darker than Levi’s usual pale skin. There was a vein popping out at the base. However, it wasn’t those characteristics that scared the brunette. It was the fact that the man had an ampallang piercing straight through his head. The man also had two frenum piercings on his underside. The boy couldn’t deny that it scared him and excited him. Levi only wore studs or rods piercings and it looked good on him.

Eren lightly gripped on Levi’s cock and received a low grunt. Encouraged, the boy wrapped his hand around the base. He kissed Levi’s head and tugged on his piercing. His tongue ran down the man’s underside and over the other piercings. He kissed along the shaft until he reached the head again. He licked it and then took the head into his mouth.

“Hah,” Levi breathed softly.

The brunette didn’t know what he was doing but it was that reason why Levi enjoyed it. Just being Eren’s first experience was enough to excite the man. Eren sucked on the tip and moaned on the man’s cock. Slowly, the boy took all of Levi. Eren gagged when he felt Levi’s cock hit the back of his throat. He pulled away and breathed. Levi smirked as he observed the sting of saliva connecting his head with the boy’s mouth.

Eren took the man into his mouth again. The feeling of have Levi inside him was fulfilling. His mouth opened way beyond normal to accommodate the older man’s cock. his nosed reached Levi’s perfectly trimmed pubic hair. He hollowed his cheeks, like Levi did earlier, and sucked. The metal in his mouth wasn’t as bad as he thought it would be. In fact, Eren really liked it.

Levi let out low groan. Even though he liked what was happening to him, he still wanted to fuck his face really bad. He reached his hand out to the brunette’s left cheek. The boy looked up and saw lust in Levi’s eyes. He could guess what Levi wanted. Eren nodded and he relaxed his jaw.

The older man stood up and gripped on the boy’s chocolate hair. He gently thrusted into Eren’s mouth. When Eren didn’t protest, he used all his force doing the same action. The brunette moaned which was vibrated through Levi’s cock. Levi’s breathing was becoming uneven and Eren loved the sound of that.

Tears started running down the boy’s face. The man stared directly into Eren’s caribbean eyes. He was going to come and he was trying to