holster and he pops the clasp off his handgun. Slowly, he turns around, hand still on the holster.

She's sitting in the farthest, darkest corner of the room. In a chair he's pretty sure he left in the bathroom.

This is about the time it dawns on him that he's topless, standing in just a pair of dress pants, and a gun he has no plans to use. She’s wearing another sundress, her hair braided to the side. It takes everything he has to not look down at her long, pale legs.

She eyes his hand on the holster and then her eyes drift up, across his chest and to his shoulder. There's an ugly scar there, he knows. Big and still pink, smack in the middle of his shoulder. She uncrosses her legs and stands, eyes meeting his and he can only imagine how tired he must look. When he realizes she's moved closer he shakes his head and takes a step back.

“Don't,” is all he can say. His hand drops from his holster, and he grabs the shirt he just took off. While she watches, he slowly slips one arm back in, then the other. “What do you want from me?”

It’s quiet for some time, he doesn’t know how long, but she’s an arm's length away and he thinks he can almost smell her.

“Whatever you can give me.” She finally says.

He frowns at that. He’s tired. It's been months of this back-and-forth, cat and mouse game, and he’s tired. Before he can voice his frustrations with this thing they do, she extends her arm out to him, fingers balled in a fist. Slowly, her fingers unravel, and in the palm of her hand is a small black thumb drive.

“What is that?”

“Paper trails on almost every job, Argent’s personal ledgers. It's not enough for - “ she pauses and lifts her chin, as if in defiance of something, “I will give you everything I have, but I need a deal.”

His stomach drops. This is it. He wants to reach out and grab the thumb drive, grab her, but his legs don't move. That same part of him that makes him so damn good at this job, the gut feeling that's saved his life countless times, it's screaming at him.


Too easy. Don’t trust her.


It’s been months of trailing after her, countless cities, Reno, L.A., Phoenix. Getting just close enough before she slips away.

“What’s exactly do you have?”

She huffs at that.

“Every single job I planned for them, I have enough to put Argent away for life.”

“Why now Lydia?” He asks with a shake of his head.

“You know why.”

She’s right, he does. He takes a moment to really look at her. She’s tired too. She’s a shadow of the girl he met six months ago.

“Allison.” He says.

She doesn't react to her best friends name, and he’s not sure if he expected her to.

It’s been three weeks since they buried her. Stiles knows, he was there, parked in his rental several hundred feet away. Lydia fell off the grid and never came back.

“Call who you need to call, Agent Stilinski because I know you’re not authorized to offer me a deal,” she smirks.

His fingers twitch at that, he wonders where he stashed his phone and tries to remember the protocol for this.

She tosses the thumb drive at him and he catches it against his chest.

“If you want this, you can’t run again.”

“I have nowhere to run to,” she says and takes a step to the bed - his bed. The sheets still rumpled from last night and his sleep shorts hanging off the edge and she plops down.

He eyes the perfectly comfortable chair she was just seated in moments ago and pushes all thoughts out of his head other than making contact with headquarters and not fucking this up.

He squats to the backpack on the floor and fishes his phone out. When he looks up, all he sees are legs. She’s leaning back on the bed, legs crossed and she’s looking down at him. He can't read her face and he forces himself to look away.

He doesn't say anything when he leaves the room. He steps outside in the hallway, closes the door and leans back against it. He quickly dials a number and waits. When the line on the other side picks up, a familiar voice crackles into his ear.

“Agent Stilinski, I hope you’re calling to tell me you’re back in California.”

Stiles frowns and lets his head fall back against the door of the room with a quiet thump. He’s well aware