you see on little baby girls.

It had become clear to Zayn that to stop his feelings for Liam increasing and becoming out of control – even though they probably already are – he simply has to avoid him. He’ll sit with Niall on the other side of the studio; keep his attention on the work and not Liam’s facial expressions. And when Liam confronts him about his awkwardness afterwards he’ll just say he’s not feeling well, and Liam will tell him to feel better in the morning and that will be that. Another successful day for Zayn’s heart and another failed day for his head.

He shuts his door and see’s Niall coming towards him from down the hall, he offers him a warm smile as he approaches him.

“Was just coming to find you, the cars here” Niall’s thickly accented voice warms Zayn’s insides that are churning away.

“You thought about telling Liam yet?” Niall asks softly, doesn’t know how else to approach it.

“Going to avoid him today, you know just so he doesn’t keep touching me and almost make me give it all away” Zayn says with a shrug. Niall wants to object, but Zayn shakes his head softly at him and Niall nods in defeat. He would never have talked him round anyway. Niall and Zayn slip into the car, Zayn see’s Liam smile in his direction, but he pretends not to see it and looks out of the window as the car pulls away. Liam won’t know.

But Liam does know. Liam knows why Zayn’s started to become distance, why he flinches away from his touch, because Liam feels the same way, wants to hold Zayn in his arms and call him his. A part of him wants to just go right up to Zayn, take that beautiful face in his hands and kiss him until there’s no air left in his lungs, but the other part wants to see Zayn tell him how he feels. He wants to hear the words come straight from Zayn. But he’s been waiting, waiting too long for it he’s starting to lose patience.

He notices that when they enter the studio, that Zayn bolts to the end seat and Niall sits next to him, not even giving Liam chance to sit next to Zayn. And it tugs somewhere in his chest to know that Zayn’s shying away when he really should be jumping on him at every chance he got. Liam knows now that it’s time. Time for him to just go up to Zayn and tell him that he loves him and that he and Danielle broke up for one reason and one reason only, it being that Danielle was so annoyed that Liam always spoke about Zayn, made time for Zayn that it made her sick to the stomach and it really made her hate the Bradford boy even though she shouldn’t.

So as Liam sits next to an overly affectionate towards each other Harry and Louis he thinks it through, for starters he has to somehow get Zayn on his own which nowadays is getting pretty difficult because the damned boy just won’t stay in his company for more than three seconds.

Then he has to actually tell Zayn how he feels, and there are many different ways that Liam could tell him. There’s straight out, but maybe Zayn would just think he’s making a sick joke and then get upset. There’s just kissing him and seeing a reaction, but that could also result in Zayn being upset, so maybe he just has to be slow and gentle, ease Zayn into it. Because no matter what Zayn looks like on the outside – sometimes uncut facial hair, mainly looking like a homeless person walking the streets – Zayn is a very fragile thing, which you need to treat like cut glass, with the upmost care.

And so Liam plans this in his head, and watches Zayn as he does so. Zayn’s got this poker face on where all his thoughts seem unreadable. Niall keeps touching him, Liam knows its just to be sympathetic towards Zayn but Liam can’t seem to shake off the feeling of jealousy because he really wants to be able to touch Zayn and tell him everything’s going to be ok when he’s having a bad day.

It’s when they’re in the van again, going back to the complex that Liam pulls Zayn down beside him and gets as close to him as he can. Their knees touch, their shoulders touch and Liam can feel the blood thrashing through his veins like wildfire because he’s going to tell Zayn how he feels and the thought alone is making his heart beat faster than it ever did with Danielle. As soon as the curly haired girl makes her way into Liam’s brain she’s straight back out again because Niall is smiling at Liam, because Niall knows just by looking at him what Liam is up too.

As soon as Liam and the boys are in the complex Harry and Louis make their excuses and retreat to their own room. Liam looks at Niall and tries to