smile, Emma told herself. The odd looks, uncomfortable shifting, and awkward side-eyeing were all small prices to pay for Henry’s beaming happiness at seeing Regina interacting with the rest of his family, sans flying fireballs or strangling branches. The kid deserved it after everything he’d been through. He deserved a hell of a lot more actually- like say, the world-but this she could give him. Everyone else would just have to deal.  

Mary Margaret and David’s nervous glances do eventually ease off and soon enough people are relaxing and breaking off into chattering groups. Emma’s heart twists at seeing Henry eventually slid out of Regina’s booth and run over to grab onto David’s arm.  The kid looks so happy when David- his Gramps, good god, will this weirdness never wear off!?- hooked his arm over the boy‘s head and playfully swings him around. Emma gulps down a mouthful of beer and turns around. Everything’s fine. No explosions, no magical showdowns…it’s all fine.  Archie eventually catches Emma’s attention, pulling her into a bizarre conversation involving magic forgetting potions and Mary Margaret’s aim with a broom. 

“So…being a…uh… tiny flying creature sure had it’s moments,” Archie laughed. Emma laughed with him because apparently that’s what you did when discussing how your mother tried to brain Jiminy Cricket once upon a time.  “Emma, listen…I just wanted you to know…Regina’s been trying, she really has. She’s been uh…coming to see me for a while now.” 

Emma starts, staring up at the nervous therapist. “Good! That’s great Archie, really,” Emma rubs her forehead, trying to arrange her thoughts into a semi-coherent state. “I’m glad she’s trying to…change, I guess?” 

Archie’s hand reaches out, fluttering between them. “She wants to be a good mother, Emma,” he says earnestly. “She wants to be better for Henry…uh to be a better person really. I…I just wanted to say…uh thank you for giving her a chance.” 

Emma has spent a great deal of time as a bail-bondsperson, eliciting information. She knows how to recognize an opening when she sees one. And Archie? He seems to know everything about everyone. Why would it be different in the Enchanted Forest? 

“Thanks Archie. Hey listen, about all that stuff about changing,” Emma trails off, not sure how to proceed. God, when did this become her life, talking to Jiminy fucking Cricket  about her…grandmother? Great-grandmother? No, step-grandmother, right? Yes. Right. 

Archie is still waiting for her to finish her thought, slightly confused. “Sorry! Just…change. What does she want to change exactly? I mean, I know the stories but…you just told me Snow White went on some kind of…kill the woodland creatures rampage and…well, that’s sure not part of the story I remember. What…what happened exactly? You know, with…Snow White and the Queen,” And Regina as a Queen? The weirdness is here to stay, apparently.  

Archie winces, a sad expression stealing over his kind face as he steps closer. “Emma, I don’t think it’s really my place…” he ginger headed man begins. 

A loud burst of laughter startles them, sifting their attention. Evidently, Dopey doesn’t hold his liquor very well, as an exasperated Doc holding up his unsteady, hiccupping companion growls at the rest of the giggling company of little men. David laughs, heading over to help the disgruntled dwarf help his tanked brother and just like that, the party starts to break up. Emma looks up at Archie, the sad expression still lingering. 

“Emma,” the therapist says softly, catching her elbow. “I think…I think that’s a story you might want to ask your parents.” He nods at an indulgent Mary Margaret, smiling at the rest of the dwarfs. “You might discover some…some interesting things, if you just ask.” 

Emma forces a smile at Archie, pulling away. “Yeah, I might do that. Thanks Archie, for telling me all that but…I better get back to Henry.” The doctor nods unhappily as she quickly excuses herself, walking away. 

It’s one thing to hear a story, a tale from someone else’s perspective. It’s entirely another to hear it from the source.  

She’s accepted that Mary Margaret and David had the best intentions when they sent her away from them. But to hear the story of how that came to be? How she came to grow up alone? She’s not ready to hear it. Not from them. Not yet.  Not with the people who should have been there for her all along. 

Shaking it off, she just catches Regina walking out the door. She better run after and ask if