bright red in the face and his hands sporting the same covering motion my own hands were doing not seconds ago. "Kise?" Is all I managed to say, completely confused from not receiving a look of disgust and horror. Isn't that how straight people normally act when told they're good looking by another guy?

 After a few seconds of composing himself, Kise lifted his hands away from his beet red face. "I-I'm sorry, that just took me by surprise is all, I really didn't expect you to say something like that".

 I shot him a look of confusion, my eyebrows arching and my eyes wide. He's not even acting as I expected, with him bombarding me with questions as to why I said that and statements about how he is straight and doesn't swing that way. It's almost as if... he's flattered...

 "Umm, I'm sorry to be so straightforward..." Kise began, as he had come back to his usual colour. I looked at him with curious eyes to signal that I didn't mind him being blunt. "But... are you gay?".

 My eyes widened and my mouth dangled open. It's not as if I didn't expect to be asked that, many of my other 'dates' have gone the same way, with the same questions being asked. It was purely the fact that Kise was... smiling at me when asking it. No one has smiled at me when asking that, far from it. They've either had an expression of pure disgust on their face and then walked out or just up and left without asking, already too freaked out that I 'made a move on them' or that I was 'diseased' or something. Yeah, I seem to have a penis magnet set to only straight guy arse, which only leads to disappointment in the end. Sure, I'm use to it, but I just really REALLY didn't want Kise to find out and act the same way.

 "Aominecchi? I'm sorry if I offended you, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable".

 After my minute of silence, contemplating what his calm demeanor meant, I finally snapped back to reality. "No! I mean, you didn't offen-"

 "Sorry for the wait, here you go". Just as my thoughts had finally cleared in my head, the waitress returned with our orders. This waitress either has the best timing in the world, or the worst. I looked over to Kise as the waitress placed the food in front of us. I could see his face light up from the sight and smell of the meal. The food smelt delicious, fresh and hot, with the steam of the dishes rising and disappearing into the air. "Enjoy your meal". The woman gave a small bow of gratitude.

 "Thank you, it looks delicious!" Kise exclaimed, looking far too over excited for someone receiving a meal. He almost looked like a puppy receiving a scraps of food from his owner under the table. 

As the waitress walked back around the corner, Kise faced me with a smile still on his face. "Forget about my question earlier, you don't have to tell me something you don't want to". Before I could get a word in, Kise clapped his hands together with a fork wedged between his fingers. "Thank you for the food" he said with his bubbly voice.

 "Thank you for the food" I copied, with a less eager voice. I was still taken aback by Kise's lax nature throughout this entire 'good looking' business, unable to shake the edginess I had accumulated.

 The food was amazing, as expected, and throughout the course of the meal, Kise would keep commenting on how good the food is or how the atmosphere of the restaurant was so inviting. It's as though he doesn't have a single thing wrong with the world. The subject from before the food arrived was dropped and forgotten, as though I had never even mentioned how great he looks. We chatted about nonsensical things, about sports teams and food, hobbies and interests. It all went by far too quickly, and before I knew it, my hand had reached for my last slice of pizza, only to find an empty plate. Apparently, the disappointment was clear on my face, since Kise couldn't stop laughing at my idiotic action. Looking around our table, you could see the masses of glasses sprawled across the surface. We had somehow managed to order drinks constantly throughout the dinner, with Kise switching to beer after 2 glasses of wine. It was clear to see that we were going beyond the point of slightly drunk and moving on to absolutely pissed. Even with the large meal, the alcohol had still gotten to us. Kise was further gone than me thanks to his slightly smaller frame, his cheeks dyed a dark pink. 

Since we had taken our time with the meal, the clock at the far side of the restaurant read 9.45