kind of substitute, needs something, someone to scream and rage at while he's trying to figure out what the hell is going on.

A few minutes later, he can hear Rodney's door slam shut, and he doesn't know why but his eyes start burning and he has to swallow around the hard lump in his throat. It's stupid. They have arguments all the time, about small things and big things, and John gets angry and punches the walls and sulks in the garage, but he never cries.

He goes to work in a bad mood, grateful that it's only a half-day and he can hide out in his tiny little broom-closet of an office and curse at the budget so he won't have to risk snapping at one of the kids. By the end of the day, he finds himself standing in the parking lot, looking at the parents who come to pick up their children. The stupid lump is back in his throat and there's a strange ache in his chest and he knows that something is wrong, but he just can't figure out what.

John apologises to Rodney when he comes home. Tells him: "I'm sorry I was an asshole this morning."

"Me too," Rodney says, and usually that would be enough, they would kiss and make up and everything would be fine again. Today, John walks into Rodney's embrace, wraps his arms around Rodney's waist, and discovers that he can't let go.

"Okay, what's up with you?" Rodney asks, holding him a little tighter. "You've been weirder than usual lately. And I when I say 'weird', I say it with the utmost love and respect, of course."

John slowly shakes his head against Rodney's shoulder. "I don't know. I'm sorry."

"Whatever it is, you know you can tell me about it, right? There's no need for the suffering-in-silence routine."

"I know," John says, but the words turn sour in his mouth. He wants to tell Rodney but how can he when he doesn't even know what to say?

* * *

There are nights when he dreams. He can't remember anything substantial when he wakes up, only loosely connected images. A closed office door. A coffin, covered in white roses, being slowly lowered into the ground. Massive silence, so thick and deep it's taking on a shape of its own. A gate sliding shut behind him, effectively closing him out.

The sickly sweet scent of the roses follows him when he opens his eyes and he knows something is terribly wrong when he'd actually prefer to wake with sand and blood and gun oil lingering in his nostrils.

* * *

The day John finally figures it out, it's so simple that he wants to kick himself for not picking up on it earlier. He's on the phone with a priest from one of the local churches, setting up a meeting to co-ordinate volunteers, when he looks in his day planner and sees the date. The memories hit him over the head like a five iron, so hard and painful that he can't even speak for a few moments.

Somehow, he manages to get through the rest of the call, but he has no idea what happened, what was decided, and he knows he's going to have to call back later to clear things up.

He takes the rest of the day off, leaves Rodney's car in the parking lot because he doesn't trust himself behind the wheel at the moment, and takes the bus home. Every time he breathes in, he imagines he can smell flowers, covering up sickness and sin. How could he forget?

Rodney comes out of his study when John walks through the door, looking surprised and a little worried.

"You're home early. Did something happen?"

John stands there in the middle of the hall and he can finally tell Rodney what he's wanted to tell him all along, before he even knew what it was.

"Tomorrow, it'll be thirty years since my mom died," he says.

Even as the words leave his mouth, a wave of grief washes over him, so strong and powerful that he has to lean into Rodney to stay upright.

"I'm sorry," Rodney says, bringing his arms up around him, awkwardly patting his back. He sounds a little stunned. "I'm sorry John, I didn't know."

John does his best to keep his voice steady. "You couldn't have." He takes a deep breath. "My father, he... he couldn't handle it. When she got ill."

He closes his eyes, forces himself to remember. How the house was turned into a tomb even long before she was gone. All the long hours he spent looking after Dave, when mom was too tired and dad spent all his