seconds stripped of everything. He was standing completely naked in such an innocent way, his balls and dick swinging slightly between his legs as he stretched into the shower and turned it on.  “Lou, you’d better pull your finger out of your ass and get moving or else we’re gonna be late. I suppose you don’t need any helping getting undress?” Harry didn’t seem irritated or stressed out, even though his words were harsh, his voice was soft. Harry was always so soft and caring towards Louis, even when he was a bit agitated.  “I’ll shower after you,” Louis said in an uncertain voice, revealing some of his feelings about this. Revealing his insecurities about getting naked in front of Harry.  “I won’t have dirty thoughts,” Harry replied in a hurry, as if that was the problem. Well, it was a problem, but it wasn’t the problem. They both knew about the unspeakable sexual tension between them.  “I’m not afraid of your dirty mind, leave it alone, Harry!” Louis voice rose into a high squeal, and made Harry jump at the unexpected change of pitch. His brows furrowed, but he didn’t reply straight away. First he leaned back into the shower, his manhood once again dangling as he turned off the water.  “Then what are you afraid of?” Harry’s voice was comforting already. It had been such a close an intimate vacation, too much for Louis. Too much nudity and closeness and feelings. He had officially reached a breaking point, all of a sudden.  “Stop it, it’s none of your business! Cancel the reservation, I’m going to bed!” Louis stomped his feet in anger and frustration, before he paraded out of the bathroom like some drama queen, leaving Harry naked and confused.  The beach house went quiet for what felt like forever, but in reality was not even five minutes. At last, Harry walked slowly from the bathroom to the bedroom, dressed in the t-shirt and shorts as before.  “Louis?” He said carefully and looked at his friend on the edge of the bed, confusion and worry evident in his voice. He cared a lot about Louis, and anything other than a perfect mood between them was burdensome to Harry.  “I’VE GOT A SMALL DICK OKAY!? A SMALL WILLY, NOT EVEN WORTHY OF THE WORD COCK. NOW LEAVE ME ALONE!” Harry hadn’t even asked, and honestly felt a bit taken by surprise. He stood in the doorway gaping. Louis could see the surprise written all over his face. He could also feel his own face turning into a dark shade of red right then and there, wondering for a moment if he had ever been this uncomfortable in his life.  “Is that’s why-“  “YES!” Louis interrupted him, already knowing he was going to ask about the rejection. The one and only time Harry had made a move on Louis. They had both been piss drunk and acted upon their feelings, shared kisses and sweet words. At last, Louis had fled the scene and they never spoke of the happening again.  “But I saw a picture once… on your  phone…” Harry said and tried to move further into the room. He got no objections.  “A friend sent it to me, just a joke.” Louis felt bad, because he knew Harry had assumed the dick was his, but it wasn’t. He’d just rather have Harry thinking that, than knowing that his package was barely a package at all.  Silence. Just for a moment, that was the only thing filling the room. Louis didn’t know what to say and was wondering if he could faint from the pure embarrassment this actually was. He had never actually admitted to this ever before.  “Can I see it?” Harry went down in his knees in front of Louis, leaned against his thighs and looked up at him with his very best puppy eyed look.  “Pleaseeee, Lou.”  Louis was almost about to express how he could hardly breathe, or maybe how insanely uncomfortable this was. He opened his mouth to say “hell no” or maybe just scream, because that’s how he thought he’d maybe would get some of his feelings out. But somehow, a bit unexpected, a low and shaky “okay” escaped from his lips.  Both eyelids were so heavy when Louis closed them. He was honestly afraid he would cry, but he also didn’t want to watch Harry’s reaction. Not for anything in the world.  Gentle hands opened his shorts, and in one slow movement, both his shorts and boxers fell to the floor. His breath was shaky as he felt Harry’s big hand resting on each thigh. There was no response from Harry. When Louis could feel Harry’s breath on his dick he was tempted enough to open his eyes that he did.  “Is it a grower?” Harry was studying his dick up close, before he moved his eyes up and met Louis