.



"It's not even a good song," you say, a little desperately. Swan's back in his own seat, stiff.



"Someone has to answer eventually," says Jiang, eyeing it like a bomb that could go off. It stops; you wait a beat, and then yours starts.



Proko grabs it, answers.



"We're not doing anything," he says, before Kavinsky can get a word out. A beat. “Fuck you, I’m not--” he bites his own lip, not looking at any of you. You’ve never thought of him as small, still don’t, but something’s different. There’s something twisted in his face, something awful and familiar.  “Fuck you,” he says, after a moment, and, “Fine.”



He shoves your phone back to you, call still going.



“Skov,” says Kavinsky, when you put it to your ear. “Wanna swing by my place real quick?” It’s not really a question.



“That’s not really a question,” you say, looking into the backseat. Proko’s not looking back.



“You’re right,” he says. “Damn. Alright, your place then. I’ll be by.”



“Uh,” you say, carefully not looking at Swan. 



“Me and Proko need to chat,” says K, cheerful as anything. “Don’t worry about it. Be there.” He hangs up.  



.



Jiang doesn’t follow you back. You ask, but he just laughs, shakes his head, and tears out. You really don’t blame him.



Prokopenko doesn't say a word the whole way there; neither does Swan. You play music too loud to cover it up. You are uncomfortably aware of the similarities here, you and Swan, Proko and K. You sort of want to keep driving, to kick Swan out somewhere and just let it be you and Prokopenko. You think you know what he was talking about last night. You don’t, though.



Kavinsky’s waiting for you outside your dorm. He’s sitting on the hood of his car, smoking. No one else is around, which doesn’t seem right. For all you’ve seen him on his own more than you have with others, these past weeks, it just feels wrong. 



You park next to him, and Swan gets out first. K pretends not to notice.



“Skov,” he greets you, flicking his ash in your direction. “Glad you’re still in one piece.”



“Same,” you say. 



“Hey, Proko,” he says, turning. “Hey, man, what the fuck? We’ve talked about this.”



“Fuck off,” says Proko, shoulders tight.



“Mmm.” Kavinsky raises his eyebrows, sunglasses sliding down a little. “Is that really how you want to play this?”



Prokopenko stares at his shoes, hands crammed into his pockets. You really don’t want to be here for this. It feels like something that shouldn’t be happening outside.



Kavinsky takes a step toward him. Prokopenko doesn’t flinch, but it’s a near thing.



"Really?" says Swan, dry as kindling, and it doesn’t hurt, but you can’t see how this is going to help. You drift, almost aimlessly, until you’re nearly between them. Not too close, but enough to intervene, if you have to. You don’t know who you’d have to intervene for, but you want to be ready.



"Swan," says Kavinsky, like he's only just noticed. He deliberately turns his back on Prokopenko. "Been a while, man, you avoiding me?"



Swan glares. "Don't be a bitch," he says.



"Whoa, whoa man," says Kavinsky, spreading his hands in a gesture of innocence. "What crawled up your ass and died?"



"My fucking patience." He leans around you; Kavinsky moves closer. You're starting to have trouble breathing.



"Fuck off, Swan," says Proko. His face is unconcerned but his knuckles are white. Swan studies him a second, then looks at Kavinsky. Deliberately, he spits at his feet.



“Fine,” he says, and turns. It feels like someone’s tearing out your fingernails, but you follow his lead. 



Kavinsky doesn’t even notice. You look back, from the door, but he’s just leaned in close to Proko, talking with his hands. Proko’s still looking at the ground. You keep walking.



Swan fucks off for about an hour to parts unknown; you wait in your room, thinking. Something you hadn’t considered earlier, but should have. The way Proko and Swan and Kavinsky all-- they don’t feel the same, exactly, but they’re similar. All magic, maybe. Swan’s rage, familiar, could’ve been what you felt last