. I only got here a little earlier because he had to fight back the soldiers trying to stop him leaving, saying he’s their last hope.”

                Any moment now he’ll come running down a corridor or bursting through a wall or window or jump out of a painting, hair and Gün-juices flying everywhere. It’s like a jump-scare horror game.

                “But they have a point, is it really okay for him to leave Blood Pledge Castle? Who’s in charge of the capital with all of you here?”

                “The clerks can handle the administrative work for a day, and Gurrier’s still there, so he’ll make sure no one stirs up trouble on the streets.”

                “Josak? But I thought I saw him out—”

                “Shibuya!” Without realizing it we had walked to the conference room, and Murata interrupts me loudly. “Come over here, I need to tell you something.”

                “A-ah?” If you can yell so loudly, though, you can just tell me now without going over. “Okay, what is it?”

                “It’s about Conanshia.” His expression is completely serious, but it feels like he’s laughing inside. At what, though, is beyond me. “We think they’re being used by Dai Shimaron.”

                “Ah!?” W-wait, is this supposed to be top secret after all, that’s why you called me over to whisper into my ear? Then why are you still talking slightly louder than usual?

                “They used houjutsu to interrupt with the dimension distance,” Murata says calmly. “I don’t think a small country like Conanshia has the number of houjutsu users or houseki to pull it off, so someone must be helping them from behind.”

                “Even so, couldn’t Dai Shimaron be helping them out of generosity and the kindness of their hearts?”

                Gwendal’s expression is far politer than the look in his eyes. “There’s a limit to how nicely you can think of the enemy, Your Majesty.”

                “Really? I think Shibuya’s optimism is very touching.” Murata’s smile looks a little off to me, and Gwendal doesn’t even look for more than a second, turning away quickly. I think I see his huge back shudder.

                “But Lord von Voltaire is right, I don’t think we can expect the best of our enemy this time. Dai Shimaron’s hands are tied by their size and Saralegui’s schemes. They still represent most of the humans, so even our allies haven’t made complete enemies of them yet. If Dai Shimaron declares war on Shin Makoku, though, those smaller countries will have to make a choice.”

                He exchanges a glance with Gwendal, and the first son seems to relax again, even smiling, though grimly.

                “I think we can say the choice won’t be easy, and the odds are against Dai Shimaron.”

                “No matter how powerful the country, they can’t survive on their own.” Murata’s voice is quiet. “Even Seisakoku, geographically isolated from the world, is now being changed from the inside and out. What’s more Dai Shimaron, with Shou Shimaron so close by, threatening to turn against them.”

                Whatever else you say about him, Saralegui is a good king, with a good grasp over his people’s minds and hearts. As in, he knows how far to push the envelope before the majority turns on him. If he really wanted to join forces with Shin Makoku, even if it’s just on the surface, there won’t be too many people objecting, especially now that the resistance has been practically wiped out.

                “That’s why they’re using Conanshia to get to us,” Murata concludes. “Conanshia is smaller and more mobile, if they had a legitimate reason, it won’t be seen as unfair if they try to attack us. They’re probably getting weapons and training from Berard, too.”

                The weapons that hurt Wolf and threatened our baby… I clench and unclench my fists. It’s fine, it’s fine. He’s safe, both of them are. “In that case, we have to tell them.”

                Conrad frowns. “I think—No, I’m sure they already know that they’re being used.”

                Gwendal nods in agreement. “That prince from Conanshia is not as foolish as he looks.”

                “Then what if we give them a better offer?”

                “Are you saying you want to bribe them? What do we have that they would want?”

                “To be a part of the alliance,” I say quietly. “As equal partners.”

                Gwendal’s frown is so deep I’m surprised it hasn’t yet dug a trench into his skull. “It is true that all the members of the Alliance are equal to begin with, but that’s not what most outsiders think. They still believe we’re holding the strings.”

                “Then let’s show them! Let’s prove