anything like that!" He cried, thoroughly confused.

"No, you haven't, but you do drop in here once or twice a week, fuck me, and then leave before I've even caught my breathe."

"We've been doing this almost six months, but we've never even shared a meal. The closest we've even come to that was the first time we were together and were both drunk out of our heads!"

She was stalking around the room now, and the hair on the back of Harry's neck was standing up. He had faced down one of the darkest wizards in history, and made a career of hunting down evil wizards, witches vampires and rogue werewolves, and yet this small, almost naked witch was scaring him. She was pacing the room, her back to him. 

"That's fine for a one off, and I thought that's all it was, but then you came back. Repeatedly! So I start thinking maybe you want something more, and I find that I don't mind."

She whirled on him. "But no, I guess I'm wrong again! "

Inches from him her shoulders slumped. "I want more. But the bad girl doesn't get the good guy."

"I thought this worked for us?" He muttered.

"No, it works for you. You get the urge to misbehave, so you come see Heartless Parkinson. You don't tell your friends, ashamed of what I think you might feel for me, because your friends mentality couldn't deal with it." 

"It's not like your friends know either, Pans." He defended lamely.

"They do. Draco, Daphne, Millicent. They don't care as long I'm happy. But I'm not happy anymore. And they'll keep quiet, for me."

She stepped away and sat on the corner of her bed.

"I'm willing to give you anything you want, Harry, but I can't keep being a dirty little secret. Everyone sees me as the unfeeling, uncaring bad girl, but I'm not."

"I'm not giving you an ultimatum or telling you to choose, I've already made the choice for you. I'm not sure, but I think I love you. So you need to leave and not come back so I can get over you."

She lowered her eyes to the floor. "I'll never tell anyone else about any of this, it will be our secret, but I won't BE a secret anymore. Not for you, not for anyone."

He looked at her dumbstruck, stunned. He knew he had well and truly fucked up. So he did the only thing he knew to do that was the proper answer. 

He left.

As the door closed for the first time she could remember since the hissing voice of a man that should have been long dead spoke to the huddled masses in a broken school, Pansy Parkinson cried.

***************

Hermione and Ron sat across from Harry, his back to the wall, eyes locked on the crowd. The room was bright, but in garish colored lights a thumping beat permeating the room. 

"Harry, mate, the hell are we doing here?" Ron asked. "Why'd you drag us here, couldn't we have just hit up the Leaky, had a few pints and some chips?"

"Ron, honestly, this is the third time you've asked, Harry already told us, he wants us to meet someone, then go get dinner. I don't know why we have to meet here, but....Harry?" She stopped as Harry rose and began making his way to the dance floor. 

"I'll be right back." He said in explanation, and moved across the room. The trio had been there for 45 minutes, and he'd been watching Pansy dance the entire time. This was the third song she'd danced with the same strange wizard and Harry had had enough. Pansy was his and he had spent a week without her. He realized a scant hour after leaving her apartment that she was completely right. 

He was head over heels for her and he had to have her back.

His eyes were cold as he tapped the man on his shoulder. Harry was tall, and wiry, where as this man was taller and wider, but, for once in his life Harry was more than glad people knew him, and more than that knew what he was capable of. The other wizard turned and looked slightly down at Harry, questioning in his face. Harry's cold eyes, and almost angry glower made the man start.

"I'm cutting in." Harry said, to which the man gave Harry another look, seemingly sizing him up for a split second before raising both hands, palms up and moved away quickly.

Pansy, who had been dancing with her back to the man, was oblivious until Harry wrapped his arms around her and pressed a