waited until she heard the door close again before turning off the water and reaching for her towel. She dressed quickly and left the bathroom.

Marc was in the kitchen making tea when Ceara found him. He couldn’t help but chuckle at her appearance. She was wearing a pair of his sweatpants; too small for him, but too large for her. Ceara also wore one of Marc’s sweatshirts, also much too baggy for her small frame. Though her hair had been combed free of tangles, she hadn’t bothered to dry it.

“The storm stopped,” Marc said quietly. “The wind has died down, too, and it’s just raining slightly now.”

Ceara didn’t say anything, but merely stood at the kitchen window, watching the rain as it fell in Marc’s backyard. The teakettle whistled loudly from the stove. Ceara moved to get it, limping slightly.

“You’re hurt,” Marc stated matter-of-factly.

“I just twisted my ankle a little earlier. I’ll be fine.”

“Go sit down at the table.”

“I really don’t –” she began.

“Ceara,” he interrupted gently. “Please.”

“Okay,” she sighed. Ceara hobbled to the kitchen table, grateful to be able to take the weight off her foot. Though she’d tried to deny it, her ankle did hurt.

Marc set a mug of tea in front of her. “Tea with milk, just the way you like it.”

“Thanks, Marc.”

“Sure. I’ll be back in a minute.” He left the kitchen before she could protest.

When he returned after a few moments, Marc was carrying a small, white box. Ceara recognized it immediately to be the first aid kit he kept in his bathroom closet. He set the kit down on the table, walked to the freezer, and took out an icepack. “Put your foot up.”

Ceara complied readily, hoisting her left foot onto the chair Marc pulled out for her.

Using a kitchen towel as a buffer, Marc first took the icepack and wrapped it around Ceara’s already-swelling ankle. Then, he grabbed the bottle of peroxide. Using a cotton ball, he carefully swabbed the abrasions on the bottom of her foot. Seeing Ceara’s wince, Marc stopped his ministrations. “I’m sorry. I know this stings.”

“It’s all right,” Ceara replied, her voice strained slightly. “It needs to be done.”

“I’m almost finished.” Seconds after saying that, Marc tossed the cotton ball into the garbage can and reached for the gauze pads. After applying a light coat of antiseptic, he taped the gauze securely to the bottom of her foot. Though Marc was desperately curious to know what had happened to his longtime friend that night, he would not directly ask her. He respected her privacy, and he knew her well enough to know that she would not tell him unless she wanted to.

Ceara’s thoughts wavered between the events of the evening and the kindness her friend was showing her. She and Marc had been at odds with one another since Daren, a new manager at the coffee shop where they worked, had expressed interest in her nearly two weeks before. Ceara clutched her mug in her hands, staring at the hot liquid as though the tea held the words she needed. When she spoke, Ceara’s voice was barely audible. “You know that Daren and I went to dinner tonight, right?”

“Yes.” Marc replaced the gauze in the first aid kit and sat cross-legged on the kitchen floor directly in front of Ceara.

“Well, dinner was pleasant enough. Afterwards, he invited me to his apartment to watch an old movie that was playing on television tonight. I had a decent time with him earlier, so I agreed. But then, Daren kept making suggestive comments to me. They were really disturbing. But he was so charming earlier. I should’ve known better. Anyway, as we were walking, he threw his arm around me and pulled me towards him. Somehow, he –” Ceara closed her eyes and took a deep breath before starting again. “He managed to get his hand down the front of my dress. He grabbed me, Marc. It was awful. I had to get away. Daren came after me. He wanted to take what I wouldn’t give him. He grabbed me roughly, tore my dress. I kicked off my shoes so I could run away – heels aren’t very efficient for that, you know – and turned away from him. I think that’s when I twisted my ankle and got the cuts on my foot. It hurt, but I needed to get away. That was more important. Marc, I honestly feared for my life. I knew you lived nearby, and I was hoping you would help me. And the storm came out of nowhere, and I got caught in it. I think you know the rest.”

Marc hadn’t said anything while