back against Steve’s arm.

“I ain’t gonna do that though, am I? Not any time soon. Damn it, Stevie. You got the luck of Job, ain’t you?”

Steve’s bright smile shrank and crumbled, and Bucky closed his eyes.

“Don’t worry. You’ll figure it out. I trust you.”

“I wish I felt the same,” Steve murmured, and Bucky leaned a little harder.

Anon requested: In the same vein as kid!Steve fic, could you write Steve taking care of kid!Bucky?

”Steve?”

Sam waited until he was sure. Until he was sure Bucky was out cold on the couch, until Natasha was washing dishes in the kitchen, until the silence on the porch was complete and deep, he’d waited, and then he’d stepped outside, and seen exactly what he’d expected to.

Steve was crumpled in on himself on the porch swing, his legs flung haphazardly out, his big shoulders curved inward. The dimness of the lighting could only do so much to conceal the ugly red of his blotchy face, the glitter of tears in his dark eyelashes, the wet spot on his shirt where he’d crammed it into his mouth to smother the wracking sobs that were still making him shake now before they’d finally gone quiet.

Steve looked up at Sam, and then he crumpled again, shaking and shaking, burying his face in his hands, holding his breath to keep from gasping and crying so hard he looked like he might be sick.

“Steve,” Sam sighed, sitting beside him and reaching for him, glad to be as big and solid a fella as he was when Steve nearly tackled him in his quest for human contact, burying his face in Sam’s shoulder and slicking his neck with more tears. “Hush. Hush, hush. Shh. Shh.”

“I can’t tell him,” Steve was saying, too small and too miserable to be even called a whisper. “I can’t tell him anything. What can I say? He asks me any damn thing, what the Hell can I say?”

"I definitely wasn’t expecting him to be such a little ball of sunshine,” Sam admitted, stroking Steve’s back. “He always like that?”

“Yes,” Steve choked out. “And then- it’s all my fault, Sam, everything, everything in his whole life that ever went wrong was because of me.”

“Shh,” Sam shook his head. “I doubt he’d agree with you even if you laid it all out, Steve. Just calm down. We’ll figure something out.”

“Christ,” Steve sighed, sucking in a deep breath, his hands still fists in Sam’s shirt. “Christ, fuck. What can we even-”

“You can remember I don’t sleep for spit,” Bucky said, yawning as he padded out the door. He was wearing the clothes they kept for the times Steve was just de-serumed, and they weren’t more than three sizes too big. “No more ‘n you do, punk. Scoot.”

Steve was shaking, and Sam eyed the kid warily even as he took the order to scoot. Unlike when Steve had been in the same position, Bucky wasn’t clingy. He was touchy, but not clingy, he leaned up against Steve and folded his arms over his chest, frowning hard.

“Spill,” he demanded. “What the Hell’s got you sobbin’ like a kid? You’re grown, you should be bigger than this by now.”

Steve laughed, a humorless, barking thing, and Bucky wasn’t having any of it. “Spill,” he growled.

“You-” Steve began, and then paused, shaking his head. “Buck, there’s- there’s a lot of stuff you could ask me that I don’t wanna answer. About you, about us, about how we got this far in the future- it ain’t pretty, and I-”

“You’ll notice I ain’t askin’,” Bucky said, rolling his eyes and falling tighter against Steve’s side. “Look- you ain’t ever lied for spit. You can’t. It ain’t in you. When you’re even thinking about lying, you get this panicked look in your eyes, like you’re about to drop the tray carrying the eucharist, like you did that one time.”

Steve snorted, horrified himself by doing it, and choked up again.

"So, I figure, Stevie doesn’t fall all over himself to tell me how awesome I am in the future, it’s because I ain’t awesome. Something for me went bad. Real bad, and he blames himself, because he’s an idiot. And that’s okay. But what ain’t okay, is sittin’ here in a whole goddamn world full of superheroes and magic and flyin’ people