Sailing the ship past the Rhine has brought many sailors down to their knees in anxiety. The curve is sharp and jutting rocks occupy the channel. Wakamatsu ruffles his hair agitatedly. “Captainnnn,” Wakamatsu whines, “Let’s take another route.” He pleads, tears already welling up.

Wakamatsu had been sick to the stomach after hearing stories of beautiful sirens drowning sailors at the inn they had occupied previously. There are dark circles beneath his eyes, formed from many sleepless nights worrying over his impending death. True, their crew had entered the bay safe and unharmed, but Wakamatsu does not think they’ll be this lucky a second time.

Wakamatsu heard the singing when they crossed the Rhine before. Wakamatsu saw the siren - blonde locks streaked in sea green, eyes brown like driftwood and a wicked, lazy grin. The siren had said something to him before. Wakamatsu doubts that the siren is benign.

He does not want to travel past the Rhine at any cost.

Captain Nozaki contemplates. Wakamatsu gazes teary, hope-filled eyes at his captain.

“They sing. They’re beautiful. They drown sailors. They-” Wakamatsu rattles off, lowering a finger with each point. “I don’t think I can survive.” He cowers while concluding.

Nozaki ruffles his head. “It’ll be okay,” Nozaki assures.

“Then we’re not-!”

“We’ll be fine crossing the Rhine.”

Wakamatsu wails, and buries his head deeper into his knees.

-


Lorelei…



A witch who lures sailors with her beautiful voice, and destroys them.


-

They say mermaids are residues of drowned girls. Cursed from birth, cast out into the sea. That’s why they drown passing sailors in turn. Seo sings a song of love and revenge, befitting the mermaid lying by her side, drifting to sleep.

Sakura jolts awake and slides back beneath the water. She pops her head up again meekly. “What’s up?” Seo asks, pausing from her song. She stops brushing her locks and looks at Sakura.

“Aren’t you going to hide?” Sakura questions, and stares behind the rock they’re resting on. Seo squints. Ah, she grins wickedly and cheers, it’s that ship with the idiot-looking sailor! Seo grins at Sakura, “Nah, I wanna meet someone.”

Sakura frowns. “On that ship?”

“He’s easy pickings!” Seo laughs, and recalls the dreamy look the boy wore. He knocked out after her first verse, though. Seo had let them through before, because the boy seemed unaware. By now, he probably knew what she was - a siren. Luring sailors to crash on rocks and drown.

Seo sings; a lullaby to drown sailors. The ship sails closer as Seo nestles comfortably behind her rock. She likes the tremors when a ship crashes onto her rock, and the surrounding driftwood as the ship come apart. Most of all, Seo loves drowning men.


-


“You awake?”

His body felt cold, and Wakamatsu believes he’s swaying. Like on clouds. The poking on his cheek got persistent. Wakamatsu rolls away, and jolts awake as he sinks in freezing cold water. Bubbles leave his mouth, and he grasps at yielding water.

A woman - the siren - dives after, face contorted in mad cackles. Air leaves his lungs too much, too quickly, as he panics. She’s wearing a wicked grin.

“Hey, you.” The siren calls as she nears him. Wakamatsu’s surprised he could hear well in water. She cups his face in her hands, an echo of love in the gesture. “You look sleepless, boy.” She observes, lovingly caresses his cheeks. “I’m gonna sing you a lullaby to sleep, okay?” The siren looks happy, Wakamatsu thinks, sees spots of black and feels his limbs growing numb and cold from the lack of oxygen.

“So sleep well, boy.”

-

Seo swims towards her rock, Lorelei, aptly named after her. Sakura pops her head above the surface. “Hey, Yuzuki?” Seo looks at Sakura, looking small and vulnerable as she weakly anchors herself to the rock. Her fingers are pale. “Are you happy doing -”

“Happy drowning sailors?” Seo supplies for her. Sakura nods vigorously, eyes wide. “Of course I am!” Seo splays her limbs out, peels of laughter ringing in the Rhine. “There’s no better feeling than drowning sailors!”


-




I think that the waves will devourThe boatman and boat as one;And this by her song's sheer power Fair Lorelei has done.

The Lorelei, by Heinrich Heine (translated by A.Z. Foreman)