the head with one of her pillows.

They kiss for a few more minutes until Harry’s phone goes off, scaring him half to death from the customized text tone of Niall screaming out his name (we need milk :( can’t buy cuz i left my wallet at Louis’s place!).  Zayn sighs when she reads the message, taking Harry downstairs despite asking him to stay.

“I’ll see you at school tomorrow, don’t worry,” Harry assures her.

“I know,” she snorts, giving him a peck on the chin, “it’s just a countdown ‘til I get you to touch my boob again.”

Harry throws his head back laughing and kisses her one more time before he finally leaves.  On the way back to his car, his phone scares him again (can u ask Zayn if u can eat cereal with breast milk?), rolling his eyes while typing out his response (why don’t you milk your own tits and see what it tastes like) and drives to the nearest market for a gallon of milk that’ll last them at least three weeks.

—

Class presentations and Liam’s lessons continue throughout the week, and so does Harry’s commitment to Zayn.  Harry brings along a small notepad when he takes Zayn to lamaze class, wanting to keep track of what he’ll write for his extra credit paper.  He wants it to be as truthful as possible, though the little notes he makes on the corners writing his and Zayn’s initials is something he’ll keep to himself.

The night of Zayn’s tenth session on Friday is a tiring one for her, having worked all day at the donut shop.  She can barely stay awake, but Harry stays on alert, making sure he keeps her occupied enough to keep her from nodding off.  During the car ride back to Zayn’s house, she falls asleep, and her stomach growls louder than he’s ever heard it.  He drives over to the nearest market, waking her up when he parks his car.

“Oh my goodness, how long was I out?” Zayn yawns, rubbing her eyes with the back of her hand.

“Just about fifteen minutes,” Harry says.  “Your stomach was making a lot of noise, so I stopped here if you want me to go get food.”

Zayn sits up and looks around in surprise, noticing the big red letters of the market’s sign just out of the window.  “I’ll go with you,” she says, and unbuckles her seat belt.  Harry asks her to wait, running over to her side to help her out of the car.

Harry takes a basket as soon as they enter the market, and Zayn runs off with him to the deli section where she immediately orders two pounds of potato wedges and ten pieces of fried chicken.  Zayn ogles the lavish cake displays nearby, telling Harry all the flavors she’d eat as soon as she gives birth.

Harry loses sight of her when she disappears for a few seconds and he nearly topples over when Zayn drops two large jugs of apple juice into the basket.

“Are you going to drink all of that?” he asks in surprise.

“No, I’m using it to disguise my urine for my next drug test,” she replies sarcastically.  “I’ll give you a glass from the goodness of my heart.”

Harry playfully pouts his lips and Zayn kisses them before they head to the self checkout to pay for their food.  As they’re leaving, Harry spots two familiar faces in the parking lot, and one of them runs up to him and hugs him as tightly as possible.

“Niall!” Harry laughs, trying to hug his friend back with the bags in his hands.  “What are you doing out here?”

“Stocking up on supplies for Louis!”  Niall clears his throat, bringing Harry closer.  “She got her period while I was–well, there’s no time for details, but it got pretty messy.”

“Jesus, you pig!” Harry nearly gags from the image alone.  Niall straightens up when Louis nudges him and Harry introduces Zayn to his two friends.

“Wow, you’re Zayn!  It’s so great to finally meet you!” Niall beams, excitedly shaking her hand.

“Harry, she’s gorgeous!  Even more than I already imagined,” Louis exclaims, giving Zayn a hug.  “Believe us, Zayn, Harry cannot stop talking about how pretty and smart you are, always calling you his pinup girl,” Louis giggles and Zayn’s speechless when she looks at Harry.

“You guys, that was supposed to be between us,” Harry shuffles his feet with his head down, but Niall puts an arm around him, tilting Harry’s chin up with a finger.

“Gosh, I-I don’t know what to say!” Zayn says bashfully, her cheeks reddened by the compliment.  “Harry talks about you in class and I just can’t help but laugh at all the stories he tells me.  You’re absolutely wild!”

Zayn’