don’t have to do anything, Dean." Father Marvin said soothingly. "Let’s talk more about your dreams, it concerns me to hear that you don’t know what’s real and what’s not. Is it because you want them to be real?"

Dean drew a shuddering breath and looked up at the priest. "I guess." He conceded in a small voice. "Cas is there and it’s just us and…" he gulped and looked down at the floor.

Father Marvin was quickly reaching several conclusions. "This Cas, he was more than a best friend, wasn’t he?"

Dean was quiet for a very long time and Father Marvin debated whether it would be better or worse if he removed his hand from the man’s shoulder. He eventually leaved it there as Dean seemed to draw strength from him.

"Yes." He admitted in a low voice. "We… I mean it was just a little, I don’t think he really understood how much I…" he cleared his throat and actually leaned closer towards the priest. Father Marvin was sitting on his side, chest towards Dean and he couldn’t stop himself before he had accepted the man into a side-ways hug. "I just miss him."

Father Marvin admitted briefly to himself that he was a little lost. This was an extremely small parish and he hadn’t as of yet had to deal with a heartbroken homosexual man, which he presumed Dean was now. Not that he thought it should be any different than any other heartache, it was just the fact that he had assumed Lisa and Dean were a couple. Had he been wrong about that or was Dean merely trying to get over his other love by trying to love anew? It didn’t seem like it was working.

He hugged Dean lightly and patted him on the shoulder. "I understand, unrequited love can be extremely difficult." Oh boy, Father Marvin felt ill-equipped for this. He had never felt a love like Dean obviously felt for this Cas and he certainly didn’t know what to do about the fact that Dean was pressing in against him.

"You look like him." Dean said in a raspy voice and a shudder went down Father Marvin’s body. Dean tipped his head up and they were very close all of a sudden. Father Marvin didn’t know why but he suddenly thought Dean was going to kiss him but all the man did was lean his forehead against Father Marvin’s and press a little. "I’m sorry, Father." Dean mumbled and got up to walk out of the office without so much as a glance over his shoulder.








*****

Father Marvin would lie if he said he hadn’t been a little shaken after what had happened and he supposed that was why he hadn’t chased after Dean but he later found himself only berating his own behavior rather than Dean’s. Dean was clearly a good man in the need for support and Father Marvin had been so sure he could heal all Dean’s wounds by just talking to him. It was definitely the sin of pride and Father Marvin had felt very ashamed about it.

He wanted to rectify it but of course Dean was back to his usually smiling self on Sunday, even though Father Marvin was starting to suspect he had seen more of the real Dean than even Ms. Braeden had.

Come Thursday, Father Marvin found himself in the confessional, listening to Mrs. Somerby’s rendering of her latest escapades that somehow translated to him more as the ramblings of a lonely elderly woman rather than an actual confession. He didn’t have the heart to tell her so, though, so he sat there for a long time, humming and nodding at the right places

It wasn’t until she was finished and exited the booth that he noticed Dean, sitting at his usual pew and whispering furiously. He hadn’t heard the man over Mrs. Somerby’s droning voice but now that everything else was quiet he could once again clearly hear Dean’s words.

"—told you. Fuck, do you think I don’t watch the news anymore? I’m out of the loop, sure, but I still talk to Bobby and those fucking strange deaths were all over the news. Don’t think I don’t remember what it means when the vics have their eyes burned out, I still see Pamela when I close my fucking eyes at night." Dean sighed in irritation and carded a hand through his hair. "Fuck you if you’re one of the guys that died, Cas. Imma have to leave and go fucking find you if you don’t call in, Bobby’s already looking out for you. You could at least call, you asshole."

Father Marvin really wanted to know what this was about, wanted to reach out for Dean and hold him, wanted to comfort him, but he got nowhere before Dean was already up and stomping away, angrily wiping at his eyes.








*****

Dean wasn’t at mass that Sunday and Father Marvin feared