, as long as he just keeps doing it. I don't want to give in to the feeling, the shivers running down my spine, the goose bumps and all that, but I do. I know I really shouldn't be enjoying the way his breath ghosts over my ear, the softness in his voice that's so unusual, the way his mouth moves and how his lips sometimes touch me again while he's whispering… But I can't help it. It's like something changed and well, obviously, it did, but, you know. It's so strange.

I'm not supposed to like this stuff, am I? Poofters like this kind of stuff. Don't get me wrong, nothing against them, but I'm not - I'm, well, maybe I'm... Bollocks this. I think I like the idiot. I think I've always had a weak spot for that leprechaun and now he's gone and made it worse. Now I'm hung up about his smell; his touches; his warmth; his voice… I like it. I think. And I know I should stop now. I know I should stop giving into him, stop thinking about him in this way., but it keeps going on and on and on in my head and I can't. And I don't think I really want to. Yet, at least.

From that point on I decide it's official: I'm crazy. And apparently, I'm crazy for him. Who would've thought?

And if I'm crazy anyway, I'd like a little more of it. It's nice. In a weird, strange sort of way. So when he turns around to check up on me to see if I'm listening, which I'm not, I lean in.

"Bloody hell, Dean! I said cuddle up, not French kiss him!"

"They're not -"

"Yes they bloody well are! Seamus!"

I jump up at the screaming – well, I try – and notice that I'm – again – trying to lip-lock with Seamus. How did that happen? I seem to have a serious self-control issue here. Not that's not the preferable option compared to, eh, who was screaming again?

"Ron!"

Oh, yeah.

"Seamus!" Ron yells right back at him.

What just happened? And why am I asking myself the same 'what?'-question over and over again? What is it with that word anyway? I see Harry switching gazes between the two too and I try to catch his. He shrugs at me, then looks away again. That's not very helpful, now is it, Harry?

"We weren't kissing!"

"Yeah, well you two poofters were sucking face like your life depended on it! I do call that kissing!"

Ron's turning all red now, giving him the appearance of a human torch. Or a tomato on fire. Doesn't look good on him and it's not a very safe thing either. I've been brought up with the thought that it's unwise and dangerous to play with fire, but I don't think anyone ever calculated an angry Weasley in. Though I guess, re-thinking that, that playing with an angry Weasley could very well relate in danger to fire.

"Well, 'twasn't tongue!"

"I don't even want to know that!"

"Then shaddup about it!"

And surprisingly to all of us, Ron does. He doesn't stop shooting glares our way though. I've never seen Seamus this angry, jumping up and looking vaguely flammable like that. He's more of a happy-go-lucky-and-peace-dude kind of guy, if you get what I mean. Not that he's a hippie or anything, he's just normally very happy. Smug happy. A very smug-happy-hyper-Irish-lad. Or brat. And not angry. Basically. Yeah. Do I make any sense to you? Because if I'm not, you should tell - Oh, okay then. Well, continuing. Sorry for that bit.

"So." Harry breaths in deeply, ignoring both Seamus's and Ron's glares. "Who's turn was it again?"

Silence and incredulous stares. I told you he was the bravest. What, I have!

Suddenly Neville pipes up, nervously muttering it's his turn to feed someone twin-produce. He's still not over it that they laughed about him, I guess. Ron blanches considerably at his statement and the rest of us all look a bit uncomfortable at the thought of eating prank-candy. I immediately decide that if Neville picks me, it'll be a Truth, no matter what. Even if that means he can ask me about Seamus and me. Which I