straight forward. Nagisa had always been pushy. Two months was such a bad calculation. He was way off!

“Hm... It’s okay Rei-chan. We don’t have to if you don’t want to.”

Did he want to? Of course he did. But the fact that his parents was in the room next door stopped him. He really wanted to. Not only were his hormones pushing for him to say yes, but even his heart, just to satisfy the blond. He brought his hand up to his forehead, rubbing it gently. He actually really wanted to.

“Okay. Fine.”

There was a gasp on the other side and then suddenly a light giggle.

“Really! That’s great!” Nagisa sounded almost like he was back to normal. Rei heard some clothes rustling once more before he spoke.

“W-where do we begin?” He cursed himself inwardly for being a stuttering fool. It was so hideous. Not charming at all! He wanted to be as confident as Nagisa!

“Unn... I’m not actually sure... Maybe we should talk about some things first?”

“Like what?”

“...Like has Rei-chan ever thought of me in that way?”

Rei thought his face couldn’t get any hotter, but it did. “O-of course,” he choked. “I-I have... numerous times...”

“Same. I have a lot, especially while Rei-chans been away...” Nagisa breathed his confession. Rei fisted some sheets, wanting to either cry in happiness or die in embarrassment. Although Nagisa sounded so confident, he could also hear the shaky breath again of the other boy in the phone. He was suddenly thankful he wasn’t the only one to be feeling nervous.

“Do... you want to know what I think about?”

“Mmhmm...” Was all Rei could muster. The butterflies in his stomach suddenly got more vigorous. He wanted to toss the phone and cover his face in embarrassment but instead he held on to the phone tighter with his right hand. His left hand was fisting the sheets even harder until his knuckles went white in anticipation.

“Last night I was thinking about rubbing Rei-chan against my...”

Rei let out a shaky breath. The small confession did nothing but shoot straight for his stomach and further down even though Nagisa didn’t finish the sentence.

“... we were naked... in my bed...” Nagisa carried on the sentence in a whisper.

Rei didn’t expect Nagisa to carry on and oh God. He wanted to stop Nagisa but somehow he felt so selfishly good knowing he was the one in Nagisa’s thoughts whenever he pleasured himself.

“M-me too,” Rei stammered. He could hear Nagisa’s breathing hitch. The next statement was a lot huskier than he’s ever heard.

“...Guess where I’m touching right now...” Nagisa whispered seductively.

Rei shuddered. Now that he wasn’t expecting. He felt chills all over his body. He had to fight hard for his breath not to escalate any quicker than it already had.

“T-tell me where,” Rei almost begged. He found his fist loosening, slowly and idly moving towards his stomach to stroke it in circles.

“Something hard....” Nagisa was such a tease. Rei wanted to groan. “Are you touching yourself too?”

“Y-yes,” Rei squeaked, his hand moving slowly down towards the bulge that had formed between his legs.

Nagisa breathed heavily and after a few more moments of shifting fabric, Rei heard Nagisa sigh. He bit his lip, changing the phone to his left hand instead and sending his right hand down under the covers and on top of his sweatpants.

“I-I’m so hard, Rei-chan,” Nagisa almost moaned. Rei whimpered. Hearing Nagisa with such a husky and low voice did nothing but send a jolt towards his dick.

“M-Me too,”

“Are you jerking it?”

“N-no, just touching it through my s-sweats.”

“Please, Rei-chan. Slide your hand in there and wank for me.”

Rei couldn’t hold it in anymore. He whimpered, feeling his dick twitch. Nagisa’s voice would be the end of him. And if it wasn’t the voice, it would definitely be the dirty words. So he did as asked, he slid his pants and underwear down and grabbed hold of his hard dick. He moaned loudly, stopping himself halfway through as he finally felt his hand on his heat. He had to remember the walls were quite thin.

“Sounds like that felt good, Rei-chan,” Nagisa whispered.

He closed his eyes, listening to Nagisa’s soft moans and heavy breathing, trying to achieve the same rhythm Nagisa had.

Finally finding a good breathing pattern, he toyed with his erection. He ran his hand slowly up and down his length, feeling the warmth against his fingers. And finally wrapped a loose fist around it, twisting his way up and back down. After a few long tugs he