to marry this pizza,” they groaned, their mouth stuffed full. “Allura, will you officiate the wedding?”

“Of…course?”

“They’re joking,” Shiro mumbled to her, his mouth also full of the strange substance. “Don’t you want any?”

“It looks…odd,” she admitted. “Like one of your lions stepped on an Arusian.” Suddenly, Shiro didn’t look quite so happy about the food on his plate.

“I hate that you’re right,” he said, looking queasily at the others, “but pizza is one of the staples of American food. And, at least for us humans, it tastes like heaven on a plate.”

Allura glanced at him, and took a slice, trying to forget her own metaphor. She mirrored Keith, who took what seemed to be a normal-sized bite, and immediately started choking.

“Jesus, Allura!” Shiro exclaimed, leaping up. He got behind her, wrapped his arms around her midsection (“Shiro, what are you doing?” Coran screeched, a sentiment Allura echoed in her mind), and pushed his linked hands up and into her. The offending piece of pizza unstuck and landed in her lap.

“You have to chew it,” Shiro said softly. “So you don’t choke.” He seemed to realize his arms were still around her and straightened up. Glared at Hunk, Lance, and Pidge, who were obviously trying not to crack up. “Don’t laugh. She had no reason to know that. We should have known to tell her.”

“But what if it’s like this for everything?” Allura asked, only partially to the others. “What if I don’t understand anything about this planet? Coran and I should have stayed at the Castle.”

“What?” Shiro asked. “No! You made one mistake – one. You got through an entire meeting with people trying to tear you down without once losing your nerve, and a single bite of pizza brings you down?”

“But you all love pizza, and I just don’t get it!” she exclaimed.

“Actually, I’m not the biggest fan either,” Keith admitted. “I mean, I’m eating it now, because it’s Earth food, and I’ve missed Earth food, but everyone has food they don’t particularly like. You’ll probably like soup more, because you hardly ever have to chew that, or Thai, because it tastes a bit like Altean food sometimes.”

“And you have us,” Shiro added. “Earth customs are old-hat to us, so we can easily tell you how best to experience them. We’ll just have to be a little more aware of the differences from now on, but it’ll be fine. It will,” he insisted when Allura looked skeptical. “No one gets left behind.”

“That’s not a rule of Voltron,” Allura protested.

“No,” Shiro agreed. “It’s a rule of Shiro.”

 

The rest of dinner went well, especially once Allura and Coran got used to the taste of pizza and Pidge, Lance, and Hunk stopped trading moans of love, but the latter started to feel nervous by the time dessert wrapped up (a truly delicious bowl of gelato for the each of them from a shop down the road – this time, with nothing but delight from Allura and Coran). His unabashed and full-hearted love of food could only distract him from what came next for so long.

Hunk wanted to go home. He missed his house, his room, his computer that he’d built by hand and his Chopped DVD set. He missed his mom and his little sister like a physical ache, a constant reminder to get home right now, right now, right now.

But a part of him, the cowardly, anxious part of him, wanted to delay his return for as long as possible. Because how could he look Mary in the eye after he broke his promise to her? How could he look his mother in the eye after behaving so much like his father? How could he come into their house with a plea for forgiveness when he doubted he’d ever forgive himself?

And what if there was no sister to come home to?

So when Shiro pulled a napkin out of the dispenser and started ripping it into sevenths, he turned out to take in the street. It reminded him a bit of the descriptions of Hogsmeade he’d read to Mary as kids – part of why he’d always drag Lance out to this part of town. The road was dusty, rustic brick to match the sloping shops that lined the way. Hand-painted signs each proclaiming their names hung from awnings that were placed in front of each storefront to protect against the desert sun that never shone when he and Lance saw them, but now shimmered a lazy gold as it set for the night. Hunk preferred the view of the road at night, when all the colors dimmed to pastels and all the edges faded to the slightest