, but that was to be expected if you found your live in sat in the dark by themselves.

“You should have taken her to school today, not me.” Was all Daryl could say. Now that Rick was there, he couldn't help but feel angry that he had been left to do what her father should have done.

“Oh. Was she okay? Did she enjoy it?”

Daryl let out a shaky laugh. It pained him to even think about what happened.

“She cried. She hated it. Now she hates me, blames me for making her go. I've never seen her like that, I wanted to take her home.” Daryl mentally cursed himself as he felt a tear roll down his face. He didn't ever want to cry in front of Rick.

“Daryl, the way she acted is completely normal. She's just attached to you and being home, it was a scary new step in her life being separated. But she will get use to it, I bet she even made some friends and enjoyed herself.” Rick reasoned, not enjoying the sight of Daryl being so down.

“No, she hates me, she told me so. She hasn't spoken to me since I dropped her off there. I should have took her home.” Daryl sighed, rubbing his face.

“No, you did the right thing. Let me talk to her.”

Rick stood up and left Daryl to go to speak to Judy. She was sound asleep as Rick gently shook her awake.

“Hey baby, how was school?” Rick asked, lightly stroking her fair hair.

“I made some friends. I got to play all day.” Judith whispered in a tired voice.

“So why are you so mad at Daryl? He took you there to have a good time.”

“I want to stay home with Daryl! He's my best friend! Can I stay with Daryl tomorrow?” Judith looked like she was about to start crying again, causing Rick to sigh. He hated having to break her heart.

“No sweetie, you have to go to school. It's not Daryl's fault. Don't be so hard on him.”

“If I have to go to school then you may as well get rid of him! He was only here to look after me anyway!” Judith hissed, trying so hard to sound angry when it was plain to see she was hurting.

“I still need Daryl no matter what. Who would take you to school? Who would make you food? Who would you play with?” Judith didn't reply, instead she tucked herself under her covers, hiding from her dad.

Rick returned to Daryl looking exasperated.

“Go in there, I'm sure she understands.” Rick said motioning for Daryl to go. Daryl shot off to the young girl's room, he wanted desperately to make things right with her, he didn't enjoy the unsettling feeling it had been giving him all day.

“Hey little monster, you want to be my friend yet?” Daryl asked as he walked over to her bed. Before Daryl could react, Judith had sprung herself out from the covers and latched on around the man's neck.

“I'm sorry Daryl! I don't hate you!” Judith cried as she spoke, her grip getting tighter as though afraid Daryl would reject her. Daryl just smiled and held on just as tightly.

“It's okay. You gonna let me take you to school tomorrow?” He felt Judith nod her head. That would be enough.

 

 

***

 

Daryl had been enjoying his lazy Sunday off. Lori had taken the kids away to her mother’s for the weekend, leaving Rick and Daryl free to do as they pleased. It had been strange at first not having them around, but Daryl didn’t want to waste his child free time by missing them. Daryl had only seen Rick at meal times as even though he was home he was still working in his office. He really loved the peace and quiet.

He found it relaxing, like for the first time in over a year he had no responsibilities, no one to take care of. He knew he shouldn’t get use to it, the kids would be back before he knew it and the house would be chaotic.

Being reminded that the kids would soon be back, Daryl decided not to wait before having some more relaxing time. He went into the large bathroom that he and Rick shared and began to draw himself a hot bubble bath. He very rarely got time to have more than a quick scrub down in the shower, he felt like he had earned the treat.

Once the bath was almost full he shut off the water, undressed himself and climbed in. As he slid down into the bath he could already feel his muscles relaxing, like a weight was being taken off his shoulders. He decided every Sunday was going to be a bubble bath Sunday.

He didn’t know how long he had been lay there, but every few seconds his head