innovator would soon be back to his normal self were dashed last night when he was upgraded back to serious condition, and were disminished further by the recent announcement.

Rumors abound about the decline in Stark's health, supposed causes ranging from complications of the surgery he underwent earlier this week, to a heart attack, to Mr. Stark simply losing the will to live. 

All of the rumors paint a picture of a man at death's door.  An idea that is in no way lessened by repeated pleas by Stark Industry CEO, Pepper Potts, for the press and public to respect Mr. Stark's privacy.  

Ms. Potts is refusing to answer any questions at this time, leaving speculation to continue to run wild."

The anchor then moved on to some other topic, and Bruce realized just how fast his heart was beating.  He closed his eyes and took deep breaths, focusing on slowing down the staccato pounding in his chest.  

He had no idea what could have happened.  Tony was stable when he left.  He was stable!  Bruce had sat by Tony's bedside until he had been reassured that the billionaire would be okay.  Everything had pointed to it.  His vitals had been strong, all of his wounds were properly treated . . .he had even regained consciousness by the time Bruce left. 

What was happening?  Why was Tony getting worse?  Was Tony really in as bad a condition as they suggested?  Was he truly in danger of dying?

Bruce's stomach dropped at the implications if the news report was correction.  If what they said was true . . .he didn't want to think about it.  

He paid the cashier and walked back out into the streets.  Part of him itched to find a pay phone and call one of the others to check in on Tony, if only to get a more accurate assessment of what was happening . . .but he couldn't.  As soon as he took that step, as soon as he made contact with the life he had left behind, he would risk being drawn back into Tony's orbit.  He couldn't let that happen.  It wasn't safe.  No, he couldn't call, so he just continued to wander the city.

Bruce walked about a mile, and then he could no longer resist the urge to call.  He told himself it was a bad idea, but he couldn't stop himself.  He needed to know.  He needed to hear that Tony was okay.

He dropped his quarters into the pay phone and dialed Steve's number.  Then he waited as the line rang.  It only rang twice before it was picked up.

"Hello?" Steve's voice questioned.

"Steve, I . . . " Bruce started.

"Bruce!  Oh, thank God!   We need you here as soon as possible.  We can send the Quinjet if you need it, but the sooner you get here the better," the super soldier said in a rush.

"Hold on, what are you talking about?  What's going on?  I wasn't planning to come back, I just wanted to ask how Tony's doing," Bruce asked.

"He's not doing well at all, Bruce.  He won't eat.  He keeps trying to get out of bed to find you, even though he's not well enough to be out of bed.  And he keeps having panic attacks because he thinks you've been captured or hurt.  



Last night he got so worked up, he started bleeding internally again, and they had to stop the bleeding with another surgery," Steve informed.

Bruce felt his stomach drop.  The situation was even worse than he thought.

"That bad, huh?" he asked.

"Yes.  So when are you coming back?" the soldier asked again.

"I'm not.  I can't.  I can't risk hurting Tony again.  He's better off without me.  He'll get used to it," Bruce said desperately.

"Bruce, I don't know what happened, but I know he's not better off without you.  Honestly, I don't think he'll make it if you don't come back.  He'll kill himself worrying about you," Steve said matter-of-factly, but his words still sounded like an accusation to Bruce's ears.

"I just . . . . I can't, Steve.  I hurt him.  I can't . . . .not again," Bruce floundered helplessly, on the verge of tears.

"Bruce, you're hurting him now," Steve said levelly.

"I just . . .can't.  Take good care of him.  Tell him I'm okay, but I had to leave.  Try to make him understand," Bruce pleaded.

"Bruce, I'm not sure I can . . . " the captain started.

"Please do your best.  Good bye, Steve," the doctor said, hanging up abruptly.

Unbidden, tears started to roll down