I was just heading out" Zayn mutters.
Harry nods "I see" smirking at Zayn. 

"Good bye Mr.Malik" Liam says as Zayn stumbles to get out blushing. 

When Zayn gets out. Harry wiggles his eyebrows at the guy "god Liam. He's hot". Liam laughs nodding at his friends attempt to sign that. He knows. He is so hot. 

**

He gets a text from Zayn after an hour.
'You Got a name or should I keep calling you Window washer?'
'It's Liammmm :D, what's yours? Or should I keep calling you the greek god' 

Zayn shakes his head at that blushing 'actually I like that'
Liam sends him a sad face 'tell me your name :('
'It's Zayn' 

and just like that they keep texting for two days till Liam asks him to meet him for a date first day of the weekend.
He takes him to a coffee shop that he loves. 

"It's nice" Zayn says looking around.
They have a long conversation that goes from talking about their families, to their jobs. And a long long discussion about comics.
They have a lot in common. And Zayn knows he must be smiling like an idiot. Never one of his previous relationships shared any of his interests. But Liam he shared a lot. Same music taste, comic books he was the only brother just like him. The way he talks about his family and the glint in his eyes. Makes Zayn warm. 

They say goodbye out of the coffee shop. Zayn pressing a lingering kiss at the corner of Liam's mouth.

"I had a good time" he whispers.
Liam's lips quirk up. "Yeah me too"

**

Their second date was a week later. Liam was going to take him to the movies but Zayn told him he wants to go celebrate. 

Liam stayed silent for a moment. Then he gasped "you got the job?"
Zayn giggles "I did yeah, starting next week, god I can't believe it"
"Congratulations babe, So clubbing?" Liam asks in a teasing tone.

**

Okay Zayn didn't drink much. He's feeling a bit dizzy after grinding on Liam at the dance floor. Liam is holding him by his hips against the bar steadying him. Zayn brings him closer. "You smell nice" he says at Liam's ears. 

Liam moves back brushing noses together. And Zayn brings him by his neck locking their lips together. He keeps it slow relishing the taste of him. People around them are wolf whistling and they part laughing. And Zayn pulls Liam to head to the bathrooms. Where Liam lifted him on the sink. And they kept snogging till their lips felt numb. 

They both left the club hard, shares a cab continuing their snogging session till they got to Zayn's building. 

"Come up with me" Zayn tells him.
Liam shakes his head smiling placing a kiss to his cheek. "We're drunk..next time babe" 

Zayn leans for the kiss his eyes are barley open. He groans "You're just getting back at me, a kiss on the cheek? After we songged for an hour".

Liam chuckles "Good night babe" pecking him quickly in the lips before getting back to the cab. 

**

Their third date Liam asks Zayn to come to his place for dinner and a movie. Zayn gets their. And Liam is quick to open the door. "Hey" Pecking Zayn "come in".
The dinner was ready. Liam asks him "is it good?"
Zayn hums.

"Spicy chicken, my favorite" raising his eyebrows at Liam. Liam goes all crinkly eyes with how big he smiles.

When they finish dinner. "Sorry about the boxes I just moved in this week" and goes to move couple of boxes out of the way so they can watch a movie. Zayn offers to help but when he tries to lift one he literally couldn't.
"God, those weigh a ton!" Standing up again Liam is holding one like it's nothing.
Zayn lifts his hand squeezing at Liam's bicep "exactly how strong you are?" He asks smirking. Liam puts down the box and turns to Zayn. 

"Do you really wanna know?" He says voice husky. Zayn swallows staring at Liam's lips. Dazed. He nods. And Liam pulls him against him and lifts him till Zayn got his legs wrapped around him and he starts kissing him. Walking Till he can place Zayn on the open kitchen counter. Liam grabs the back of his neck deepening the kiss. Tongue darting out to trace Zayn's lips apart. Zayn is moaning as Liam flicks his tongue licking the roof of his mouth. Zayn hums and tries to grind against Liam but Liam holds him still. He takes his shirt off and starts getting Zayn out of his clothes too. And he doesn't stop till he's completely naked. 

He bends and takes Zayn's cock in his hand and starts licking at the head. Zayn gasps at the