one finger, tracing a path upwards over 
the boys blood soaked shirt till he reached his chin, prickly with five oclock shadow.  
The boy jerked his head away from the finger.



"Come now, come now,"  Spike chided with a low chuckle.  "I wont tell. Your secret is 
safe with me."



"Get get thee behind me, S-Satan," Caleb managed to stutter.



"Satan, is it?" Spike said, taking one more step to close the gap between them.  "You 
think you do the Lords work, boy?"



 "I know I do," said Caleb, holding his head high.



Spike could smell the boys fear mingling with the spilt blood, but underneath both was 
the faint but unmistakable scent of arousal.



"Whats your name, then," Spike whispered, leaning in and brushing his cheek against 
the boys.



"C-Caleb," he replied, his voice wavering.



Spike grabbed Caleb by the shirt and threw him back against a far wall.  Wood splintered 
and dust flew, and above them came the sound of wings taking flight, as birds were 
disturbed from their roosts.  Spike stalked towards Caleb, who cringed back against the 
shattered wall in pain and fear.  Spike hauled him to his feet and pressed him back against 
what was left of the wall.  He leaned closely into him, trapping him between his arms and 
feeling the warm length of his human body pressed against his own cool one. "So Im 
Satan, and youre Gods servant" Spike purred. "Well, well this will be interesting."



"Please, please, dont," Caleb whispered, huddling as close to the remains of the wall as 
he could to avoid the Devils embrace.



"I imagine thats what she said, too,"  Spike said, nodding towards the dead girl.  "Did it 
work for her?"



Caleb didnt answer.



"I thought not." Spike glanced towards the corpse and sneered. " Whyd you kill her, 
anyway?  Asked her to go on a hay ride, and she turned you down."



"I released her dirty, sinning soul to her Lord and Savior and saved the souls of everyone 
tempted by her, you demon," said Caleb, anger rising against his fear.  "She was a foul 
temptress, and now shes not."



"So you fucked her, then," said Spike, getting a bit bored.



"Of course not," said Caleb. "She was untouched."



"Thats a pity, then.  For you both.  Lucky for you I showed up." Spike grinned 
maliciously and leaned in to Calebs neck.  His tongue licked a slow path to Calebs ear.  
He felt the young man shudder.  "Youre very lucky, Caleb," he whispered, "because I 
am the Devil.  And unless you do whatever I say, Ill tell God how much you enjoyed 
your time with me."



"But God sees everything," Caleb said, his mouth dry.



"Oh no, not everything.  Not while Im here." Spike slid his hand down to stroke Calebs 
hard cock.  There was a sharp intake of breath, but Caleb leaned into the caress instead of 
struggling.  Spike grinned.  This one was ripe for the picking.  "Now, heres whats going 
to happen.  I am going to enjoy myself.  You can enjoy yourself, too, if you so choose.  
Or not  it makes no difference to me." Spike continued to stroke Caleb through his blue 
jeans.  Calebs eyes were shut and he shivered with the desire he usually denied himself.  
He didnt know why this was happening to him, but he didnt want it to stop.  And if God 
couldnt see



Licking Calebs earlobe, Spike whispered, "Thats it, relax.  Think of me as an answer to 
your prayers.  You can now rightfully claim that the Devil made you do it."  Spike 
laughed and then stepped back from Caleb.  Caleb opened his eyes in confusion.



"Take off your clothes," Spike demanded.



Caleb obeyed, even though the night air was cold.  He gave a brief thought to escape, but 
how far would he get?  And what about the girls body?  He hadnt hidden it yet.  He 
would have to stay.  "The Devil made me do it," he murmured, looking at Spike, his 
demon face changed back to his handsome humans.  His cock throbbed.  



Spike put his hands on Calebs shoulders and pressed down.  "On your knees," he said.  
"Just like in church."



Caleb sank to his knees.  He had done this before, back when he was a boy, and his 
mother and her latest boyfriend were drunk, or bored, or both.  It had always sickened 
him to be forced to his knees, but not this time.  Spike eased his trousers down.  When 
Caleb took his cock in his mouth, he had thought it would be fiery hot, but instead it was 
cool and smooth.  He felt Spikes hand press his head inexorably into his erection, 
moving him in a steady rhythm. Caleb tried to relax his jaw and mouth to better cope 
with the demands.



Sighing, Spike bobbed Calebs head back and forth, feeling the heat from his mouth 
flooding through him