that looked vaguely familiar, at the back of the cupboard, packed in behind the cans of soup. He pulled it out, and stared at the box of pills in his hand. The label on the front said Tsukishima Kei. Two nightly, to be taken with food. Kuroo froze. Codeine phosphate. 15 mg Tablets. Oral Use. 28 tablets. Kuroo’s demons screamed at him. The voice in his head picked back up. Kuroo shook for the first time in two months. His fingers went to open it, and he froze.

Kuroo thought back over the three months. The hell of withdrawal. The struggle to find who he was again after two years. He thought back over the two years. Waking up in hospital after almost dying. Having to drop out of university because the drugs had consumed him. He looked at his laptop, where his university page was open. He thought about how hard he’d worked. Kuroo stared back at the box. He pushed the opening flap back inside the box and dropped it on the coffee table in the living room.

The demons clawed a little softer. The voice in his head quietened a little. His shaking relented.

The door opened and Kuroo looked up to see an exhausted Tsukishima in the door way – exhausted, but his eyes screamed with happiness when he saw Kuroo. The blond put his bags down on the floor and then made his way across the living room, straight into the kitchen with a gentle kiss.

Tsukishima said nothing and leant on the side, an eyebrow raised. Kuroo smiled and reached into his jeans pocket to pull the little golden chip out his pocket. Tsukishima broke into a smile.

“I’m so proud of you.”

“I’m proud of myself.”

They leaned in for a gentle kiss and then Kuroo turned back to making the coffees. Tsukishima stretched and walked back to the living room to take his jacket and scarf off, hanging them up.

“I got some grilled salted mackerel pike from that place you love.”

Kuroo laughed. “You spoil me.”

Silence followed his remark and Kuroo cleared his throat. When he headed into the living room, Tsukishima was, predictably, holding the box of pills in his hands. He swallowed and turned.

“I haven’t taken any. I found them in the cupboard, at the back. I don’t know if you were taking them or what but however many were in there are still in there.”

Tsukishima hesitated. “I trust you but...”

“Check if you want to. I can imagine there’s a paranoia and fear that goes along with our relationship now.”

Tsukishima nodded, his lips a thin line as he headed into the kitchen, away from Kuroo’s eyes. Kuroo sipped his coffee, and after about five minutes, Tsukishima came back. “Well done. I’m proud. Do I need to take you to an emergency NA meeting or…?”

Kuroo shook his head, beaming over his coffee. “I’m good, honestly.” He hesitated. “Can I ask why you have them?”

Tsukishima picked up his coffee and sipped it before moving to get the bag of take out food. “In England, remember I told you I went to England? We went to London and went to the National History Museum and did other historic tourist things.”

“The things you’ve been begging me to do for a year, yeah.”

“I was in an accident there. Nothing serious. I fell down the stairs of the hotel we were staying at, and busted my back. They’re strong painkillers… well I don’t need to tell you that. But it hurts to lay down. I’m on them whilst I finish physiotherapy.”

Kuroo nodded and took a breath. “I know I sound like a total hypocrite,” he followed Tsukishima into the kitchen as he started plating the food and pouring wine into two glasses. “But there’s nothing I need to worry about… is there?”

Tsukishima smiled. “No, there isn’t. I promise. I only have that box and then one more and then they won’t be in the house any more.”

Kuroo nodded. “Keep them as long as you need.”

Tsukishima pursed his lips. “Happy four months clean, Tetsu.”

“Thank you, Princess.”

Tsukishima glared at him and stalked through to the living room. Kuroo followed with a bright laugh and they settled to eat and drink on the couch. Kuroo got to choose what they wanted to watch – but they still ended up watching a dinosaur documentary. Well, when Tsukishima lit up when he had flicked past it, Kuroo just had to put it on, didn’t he?

When they were finished eating, and were curled up under a blanket, Kuroo stared at Tsukishima. He was intently invested in the documentary, mouth parted a little. Occasionally, he would snort and correct a fact under his breath.

Kuroo stared a little longer, amazed Tsukishima had stuck around. Tsukishima had every right in the world to walk away from Kuroo during those