. He swallowed his saliva and cleared his throat. ''I'm looking for someone. I heard she was working here.''

The women raised her eyebrows higher and made a hand gesture towards him, indicating that he could go on.

''Do you know someone called Emma? Emma Swan? 5''5, blonde, in her twenties?'' he asked.

She squinted and he held his breath.

''Why are you looking for Emma? Who are you?'' she finally said.

He didn't answer right away. His heart jumped, skipping a few beats and his mind went blank. Did he finally succeed? Did he actually find her? His heart was now racing and he noticed his hands were shaking, just like his voice was when he responded:

''My name is Neal. Neal Cassidy. I'm Emma's...'' He paused for an instant, considering introducing himself as a friend. He decided against. Honesty was his best option. ''I'm her ex-boyfriend. D-Do you know where she is?''

As soon as the words came out of his mouth, he felt the old lady becoming defensive. She straightened her back and gave him a cold look. He knew he looked bad right now. Actually, he knew he was in the wrong, and he wouldn't blame the woman if she told him to piss off.

''And why should I tell you?'' Any traces of sympathy he previously felt in her voice were now gone. Neal knew he should be careful with his next words.

''Look... I know I'm not looking very good right now. It's just... I fucked up with her. I disappointed her and broke her heart.'' Part of Neal's mind was panicking as he continued his words vomit. So much for being smooth, he thought. ''I just want to know if she's alright. I can't- I can't live with myself right now, and I just have to know. That she's good. That she's... happy.''

His voice cracked on these last few words. The idea of Emma being happy without him didn't hurt as much as it used to, or maybe he had just become familiar with the heartache coming with this recurrent thought. He looked down at the counter, unable to sustain the judging look of the restaurant owner. The silence was heavy. Eventually, she spoke:

''Emma doesn't work here anymore.'' His heart sank. ''Please don't tell me she moved again, please don't.'' ''She found a new job downtown. I don't know where.'' He sighed in relief. It was better than nothing. ''Lauren!'', she shouted all of a sudden. Neal jumped a little and looked at the woman with a confused look. She didn't bother giving him an explanation and just waited until a short brown haired women appeared, walking through the kitchen doors.

''This guy, Neal, is looking for Emma.''

The women named Lauren gave him a once over with a judging look. He thought that he was surely looking miserable with his ripped jeans, his old hoodie and his overused, mudded shoes. It didn't scream 'I'm a trustable guy.'

''Neal huh? Never heard of you.'' Her tone was harsh and cold.

In the back of his mind, Neal couldn't help but feeling happy that Emma found friends like that, who would protect her even if in this case, they were protecting her against him.

Neal chuckled sadly, ''Yeah, I'm not surprised.'' He looked down once again. He heard a sigh before feeling Lauren move closer to him.

''Ok look, I'm not gonna give you her address or where she works. But I'm gonna give you the name of a place she likes to hang out. It's a bar in the center of the city. Try your luck there.''

His head snapped up as Lauren was writing down the adress. He felt like he could cry. ''Thank you! Thank you so much!'' He strugged to find accurate words to describe his gratitude. Just as he was walking out of the door, he heard the old lady shouting to him. ''If I hear that you've wronged her again, things will not go well. I have your name and I know your face!''

Despite his aching feet, he was almost running on his way back. He found her. Finally. But quickly, the joy of his success dissipated and his fears came back in full force. What if she was miserable? What if she never got her life back together after she went to jail? How could he live with that? He got his Ipod out again and turned the volume up. Hopefully, if the music was loud enough, he wouldn't be able to overthink it.

He arrived at the place Lauren told him about later in the evening. The air was colder and the place was crowded. It was a nice looking bar, cleaner that