get dressed in preparation for such a long night ahead.

Then, something horrible happened.

Without warning Jonathan was embracing Dio tight enough you could call it strangling and he froze, not because he was suffocating-or maybe it was- but because up until this point in their relationship Jonathan had never been this close to him before. He could smell, hear, and feel him all of him all at once. It was a crushing, but it was a hug.

Dio unsure of what to do with his hands kept them limp at his sides. The hug felt long in the first few seconds which felt natural since he was so taken aback and shocked by how something like this was even happening in reality but, then he realized the hug was lasting longer than any hug between two friends should have.

Uncertain of what to do, he began to resurrect his arms and touch Jonathan’s back. It was broad and warm like he figured it would be, it was also Jonathan. With those one-dimensional thoughts in mind Dio rubbed his back without thinking. Enjoying the feeling of muscle beneath his hands, all those years playing rugby in university having paved its
way into Jonathan’s figure.

How had he maintained himself back then watching Jonathan down the field in their college days. Oh right, he couldn’t stand him then. Then, how did everything change? How did he get here?

Why was he melting?

Jonathan released his grip after easily a minute. He seemed a bit taken aback himself even when he was the one who had initiated it.

“Sorry,” he said looking exactly like Dio felt, completely embarrassed. 

“Why are you apologizing?” 

Jonathan frowned, “I just ask so much of you.” He confessed.

He did do that. But it wasn’t something he needed to apologize for, Dio wouldn’t do it if he really didn’t want to. Besides he’d asked plenty more ridiculous favors before.

“Dio can you get rid of the wasp in my bathroom, just don’t kill it!” or “Dio what should I name him? (The dog that is now named Danny Jr.)” things like that.

“Where is this coming from all of a sudden?” Dio asked effectively pushing Jonathan into a metaphorical corner. 

“I guess I just wanted to thank you, I really appreciate everything you do for me, Dio.” Dio felt his face burn and he shut his eyes as if that would get rid of the red that infested his cheeks.

“You don’t need to thank me. We’re friends, right?”

“Yeah…” Jonathan answered easily. “I guess I’m just sorry I don’t do enough for you.”

Dio began to think about that, and he wasn’t wrong, he really couldn’t count on one hand all the things Jonathan did for him. Not that Jonathan was appalled to doing kind things just never for Dio. 

Dio wasn’t sure why that was, maybe it was because he’d never let Jonathan do stuff for him. That seemed about right, that sounded like something he’d do. 

Dio looked at him, the two of them now stood in the middle of Jonathan’s room, effectively late for the date but neither one of them noticing it.

“There’s no need for you to put yourself down. I probably wouldn’t let you help me. I’m fully capable of doing stuff myself, you on the other hand…”
Jonathan frowned at that.

Dio cursed himself for the thousandth time that night, effectively hexing himself. ‘Some friend you are, look at him! Now, he’s sulking.’ Though he knew his actions were sending all the wrong signals he couldn’t prevent himself from doing so. Not to mention he wasn’t in the best of moods.

“I’m a bit of a mess, I know, father tells me that all the time. He’s always liked you though, I mean you’re smart, confident, and good looking.”

‘Mr. Joestar said all those things about me, how easy would it be for me to get into his pants?’ Dio thought. Hearing Jonathan calling him good-looking even if it was indirectly still managed to make Dio’s heart skip a beat. As stupid as that was.

He was going to need a pace maker by the time this night was over he concluded.

“He’s got you he doesn’t need someone like me.” Dio reassures Jonathan again, even though it isn’t in a tone that sounds very reassuring. 

“I mean-“

“Hey! Stop putting yourself down! You’re fine, you’re a good person Jojo there’s no need for you to start sulking. This date of yours is going to putty in your hands once the night is over!”

Jonathan stopped. Perhaps Dio really was always there for him, even in times like these he still was making sure Jonathan was okay. Even emotionally, how pathetic.

“I just don’t know