makes a choked sound, and Chanyeol grips into the soft flesh of Kris’s thighs involuntarily.

 

Kris turns his head to look over his shoulder, and Jongdae comes up on his knees to kiss him for the first time.  Chanyeol forgets instantly why he had any reservations about this.  Jongdae might come on a little strong sometimes, but this—this is good.  He finds himself wondering how Jongdae looks when he’s bent over and begging to come, and his body tingles with excitement at knowing he’s about to find out.

 

Jongdae traces a dry finger around the redness of Kris’s entrance teasingly, and Kris bites his lip.  “Fuck.”

 

“Sure.” Jongdae says.  He hooks his thumbs into the waistband of his boxers and drops them with almost indecent enthusiasm.  Chanyeol finds himself staring at Jongdae’s cock, half-amazed, because the sheer size of it draws his eye in immediately.  It’s not quite as long as either of theirs, but the girth of it has Kris’s throat bobbing nervously.  He glances at Chanyeol, who returns the surprised look.

 

“Um, wow.” Kris says after a moment.

 

“How does such a little guy like you—” Chanyeol stammers, “—how the hell do you stand up, being so fucking front-heavy?”

 

Jongdae winks, his tongue caught between his teeth in his characteristic kitten smirk.  “Tuck and roll, baby.” He crawls back onto the bed beside them, leaning over to kiss Chanyeol thoroughly.  Kris coasts a hand up the back of Jongdae’s bare thigh, and Jongdae shivers gently at the touch before breaking away from Chanyeol’s mouth and moving up to Kris.

 

“How do you want to fuck me?” Kris says in a low whisper into Jongdae’s mouth, and Jongdae shivers again.  Below, Chanyeol jolts slightly.

 

“I like where you’re at right now.  Ride me.” Jongdae murmurs, curling a hand around the back of Kris’s neck, while Chanyeol exhales something profane.

 

There’s a flurry of movement, and then Jongdae settles himself in a seated position against the headboard, his half-lidded eyes and smirk betraying his lazy confidence as Kris straddles him, the thickness of his cock resting against the cleft of Kris’s ass.  Chanyeol gives Jongdae a stroke with a generously lubed hand, and Kris rocks his hips as Chanyeol presses Jongdae’s dick between his cheeks.

 

And with Chanyeol’s slick hand guiding him against Kris’s body, there’s only a second’s slight resistance before Jongdae slips just inside with a high-pitched whine.  Kris bites his lip, shaking with the effort of holding himself steady as Jongdae slides deeper a half-inch at a time, his insides stretching tight around the thickness of Jongdae’s cock.

 

“How does he feel?” Chanyeol murmurs into Kris’s ear, reaching around his body to stroke Kris’s cock slowly.

 

“Big.” Kris exhales shallowly, twitching at Chanyeol’s touch.  “Really big.  Oh.” Chanyeol strokes Kris again, and Jongdae moans at the tension that vibrates through Kris’s body.

 

“Is he tight, Jongdae?” Chanyeol asks over Kris’s shoulder, his hand leaving Kris’s cock to slide up and thumb Jongdae’s nipples.  Jongdae nods, speech failing him completely, his cocky grin replaced by a tight smile that shows his sharp teeth.  “Or is it that you’re so big, he’s even tighter?” Jongdae’s ragged laugh has no humor in it.

 

Chanyeol gets off the bed with a light, but sharp, swat to Kris’s ass that makes him jump—and then groan—when Jongdae’s cock shifts deliciously inside him.  It’s the catalyst, the first domino in a chain reaction, and Jongdae braces his feet against the mattress when Kris starts moving for real.  Kris’s swollen lips are parted and wet where his tongue darts out across them; and below him, Jongdae is flushed from hairline to neck, swollen veins standing out on his neck with effort.

 

Kris’s little sounds take on an edge as Jongdae drives his hips up sharply, and Chanyeol swoops down to muffle them with his mouth.  “God, you look fucking good stuffed up like this, baby.” Chanyeol growls, his knees wobbling dangerously when Kris wraps a hand around his dick.  “Can I watch him fuck you on top?”

 

“Fuck, yes.” Kris breathes unevenly, his eyelids flickering as Jongdae thrusts up hard.  “Do it, Jongdae.”

 

Jongdae takes full advantage of the leeway a full range of motion offers, and when he forces Kris’s knees up against his chest and twists his hips just right, Kris’s little noises and whimpers become loud, helpless moans.   Especially when Chanyeol reaches between them to fist Kris’s cock, his mouth sealed to Jongdae’s, drawing his attention away from Kris and interrupting his rhythm.

 

“Shit,” Kris gasps suddenly, grasping at Jongdae’s biceps; his hands are so big they wrap completely around Jongdae’s arms, squeezing tightly