window.

                “What are you doing?” Kuvira asked in curiosity.

                “Come on!”

                The two girls climbed through the window and onto the roof of the kitchen hut, huddling low and pulling their hoods up as the storm raged over the compound.

                “Why are we up here?!”

                “Just wait,” Korra answered with a knowing smirk. “Master Keio was being mean to me yesterday, and made fun of Master Katara behind her back for being old. I didn’t like that, so I poured water on the space in front of his house, and it should be frozen by now. He goes out for a cigarette at exactly 7:00 every night… and in three… two… one…”

                The girls leaned forwards and peered through the blizzard at the cabin on the opposite side of the compound. A sliver of light could be seen as Master Keio opened the door and stepped out, casually walking down the front porch and fetching a lighter from his pocket. He didn’t get a foot away from the stairs before slipping and ending on his side— cursing very loudly and sending his cigarettes everywhere.

                “Now he’s going to have to see Master Katara for the bruise on his ass,” Korra smirked. “Maybe he’ll learn a thing or two about humility while talking to her.”

                Kuvira laughed and helped Korra climb back down into the kitchen, where they sat by the fire and traded stories while munching on some of Sentry Sumida’s trail mix. Kuvira was still shivering a little from the cold, but her face was lit up in excitement as she told the young Avatar all about the city of Zaofu.

                “There are trains that can take you wherever you want to go! And so much dancing— my feet are so sore, but I’ve never had more fun than when I went flying around the practice room on a cable! Master Suyin has taught me so much about Aluminum— it’s terribly light and easy to bend, so they prefer it for swinging around.”

                “Wait, wait, wait! You’re a Metalbender?!”

                Kuvira quickly ate her handful of nuts and berries and nodded, “Mmhmm!”

                “Wow!” Korra said in awe. “You’re so amazing!”

                “Oh… um… it’s nothing, really. I’m sure you’ll get the chance to learn someday!”

                Korra hopped out of the chair so quickly that Kuvira nearly tossed the bag of trail mix into the air in surprise. The Avatar raced to the other side of the room, tugged a drawer open, searched around, and then sped back to the table. She held up a spoon and gave Kuvira an excited grin;

                “Teach me!”

                “What?”

                “Teach me some basic Metalbending— I promise I’m a good learner!”

                Kuvira hesitated, and then picked up the spoon. She held it in her palms, outstretched for Korra to see, and then concentrated on reshaping the ore within. Like liquid, the silverware turned into a small flat disc, into a crude fork, and then into a dull knife.

                “The key is to find the earth within the metal, okay? It’s alright if you don’t get it on the first try,” Kuvira explained patiently.

                “Okay.”

                Korra took a deep breath and focused. Her fingers twitched, but the metal that the older girl was holding did not budge. She had a flash of a boy trying to stand in an Earthbending pose, with a boulder looming overhead on a ledge, and then she opened her eyes. How strange. She took another breath and attempted to seek the unrefined material within the metal, but couldn’t locate it.

                “I can’t,” she murmured with dejection. “I don’t think I’m ready yet.”

                Kuvira sighed softly through her nose, “Well maybe you can come up to Zaofu and my Mentor can teach you. If anyone can, it’s her!”

                “That sounds like a great idea!” Korra nodded, “And you can show me those miracle planes!”

                “Trains!” Kuvira corrected.

                “Right!”

                There was a knock at the door, and both girls looked up to see a middle-aged woman with salt and pepper hair standing in the doorway. To her right were two elderly woman; Master Katara and someone that… well… Korra thought she recognized. With snow white hair done up in a bun and a green winter coat warmly wrapped around her shoulders, the grandmother could have been anyone. But a mysterious memory was locked behind the pale, blind eyes that the elderly woman had— a memory that Korra could faintly recall.

                “Hey Toph!” she blurted out. “Wait… who are you? You’re Toph right, isn’t that Toph?”

                “There’s no earth and I can’t see anything, it’s cold as hell, and now there’s small children,” the smaller elderly woman grumbled. “Why anyone would want to live here is beyond me.”

                “Mother…” the youngest of the three women groaned.

                “Oh, I