.”

As it turns out, today is definitely not Jensen’s day. They’re filming this scene where Sam and Dean practically wrestle and fall onto a bed. Jared’s hands are everywhere, on his neck, on his chest, trying to grab something that Jensen’s holding. Jensen’s flustered, his cheeks red and his dick half hard in his jeans. “Can we take a break?”

No one even answers him but some people groan, and Jensen scurries off into his trailer, looking at himself in the mirror. He’s gotta keep it together. Just a few more hours and then he can go jerk off in the shower. He wipes at the sweat on his forehead, jumping when the door opens.

Jared locks the door behind him, looking nervous. He starts to babble the way he does when he thinks he’s messed up, “Did I do something wrong? You’re acting weird. Please, Jen. Just tell me. I’ll try to fix it.”

He looks obviously stressed out and Jensen frowns, stepping closer, “No. You didn’t, I promise. It’s me, not you, okay?” He curls his hand around Jared’s bicep, “Don’t worry.”

“Then tell me what’s got you like this.” Jared needs to know. He needs to make sure Jensen’s okay, needs to make sure he’s not lying.

“Promise me you won’t laugh.” Jared tilts his head and nods and Jensen goes on, “I have, this thing.” He takes a deep breath, “When you—when you pick me up and shove me and stuff. It just, it gets me. Like, you know.”

“So, what? You like when I manhandle you?”

“Well, yeah.” He knows he’s blushing, can feel his face heat up.

“That’s all?” Jared smiles and asks, “You want me to—?”

“Not if you don’t want to.” He opens his mouth to speak some more but Jared pushes him against the wall, kissing him hard. Jared runs his hands down Jensen’s back, gripping his ass and squeezing. Jared drops to his knees, unbuckling Jensen’s belt and shoving his pants and briefs to the floor. He turns Jensen around, presses his hips to the wall as he grabs his ass, spreading him open with both hands and licking at his entrance.

“Oh, what. Fuck!” Jensen pushes back against him only to have Jared’s nails dig into his skin and force him to stay put.

Jared’s slow yet skilled, taking his time, knowing how Jensen falls apart after a while. He tastes and smells and feels Jensen and he doesn’t know what’s better than this. His spit is trailing down his chin and it’s so messy, so ridiculously sloppy that Jared can’t help but try and push his tongue further. Jensen’s wet, dripping and writhing and begging for more so Jared stands up and rubs his cock along Jensen’s ass. “You like that?” Jensen nods helplessly and Jared reaches for Jensen’s dick, wrapping his hand around it and rubs his thumb over the tip. “Turn around. Now.” Jensen obeys and Jared’s pretty much covering him, his body like a blanket over Jensen’s. “Is this what you wanted?”

“Yeah.” He lets out a rush of breath, clawing at Jared’s shirt, “This needs to go.” He throws the shirt to the corner once he gets it off, quickly removing his own. Jared’s pants are pooled around his ankles, and it looks kind of ridiculous, yet outrageously hot. Noticing that Jensen’s staring, Jared steps out of them, taking his shoes and socks off in the process.

Jared grabs his wrists and pins them above his head, grinding their hips together and mouthing at his neck. Jensen arches up towards him, eyes shut and lips parted. He feels Jared pull his lower lip into his mouth, biting down softly. Jensen moans and manages a breathless, “More. Please, more.” His cock is hot and heavy against his tummy, throbbing, aching for contact. Jared lets go of his arms and Jensen’s hands go straight to his shoulders, squeezing slightly and urging him closer.

But Jared grabs Jensen and practically throws him onto the couch, crawling over him and mouthing at his neck. Jensen pants, completely stunned by Jared. This was how he wanted it, rough and desperate. And that’s how he got it.

“You want it?” Jensen nods and Jared slides a dry finger into him. “You think you can take it like this? No lube?” Jensen’s unable to come up with anything, so he just nods again dumbly, speechless. “God, Jen.” He adds another finger, rubbing his other hand over Jensen’s hip. And it’s not nearly enough prep, but then Jared’