"Okay Matthew, you're in my room. Look I don't have time to explain. You have to trust me. Take off your shirt." Gilbert says seriously. Matthew glared at him. Gilbert wouldn't have any of that. He straddled Matthew and tore off his shirt.

"Wha-Stop!" Matthew yelled. Gilbert put his hand over Matthew's heart. Matthew could feel a cooling sensation throughout his body, then an indescribable pain in his arm. He could feel burning fire running through his veins that led up to the wound on his arm. He could almost feel the skin bubbling. Matthew tried not to scream. The pain was too much. Gilbert's eyes were dilated, he was in a trance. Gilbert was taking the venom (that was way too close to the Angels heart) and guiding all the venom towards one spot on Matthew's body. The bite on his arm. He would need to suck out the venom. Gilbert knew that his touch was ice cold, he knew Matthew was struggling to stay conscious.

"Matthew. Listen to me. In order to get out the venom…I have to suck out the venom. I know that this is painful." Gilbert says as he could hear Matthew's pitiful moans. He struggled to get away.

"St-stop! Please! K-kill me!" Matthew yells unable to stand the pain anymore.

"You need to stay awake." Gilbert says ignoring Matthew. Matthew started to struggle, and Gilbert was losing his balance. He tightened his grip on Matthew's wrist and waist. That is when he heard Alfred call for him. He saw Matthew start to pass out.


*Flashback end*


"Look I don't have time to explain right now!" Gilbert says, seeing the seething rage on Lovino and Arthur's faces as they thought Gilbert was doing unspeakable things to Matthew. Gilbert urged everyone to get out.

"Gilbert we need to talk to you NOW!" Alfred said.

"What the hell are you doing to him?!" Arthur yelled.

"Get your albino hands off of him!" Lovino yelled.

"OUT! THIS HAS TO BE DONE NOW OR HE WILL TURN INTO A DARK ANGEL!" Gilbert yelled pissed off at everyone. He didn't care if they were there. He wasn't going to lose this Angel. Matthew started to wake up and blushed when he noticed Arthur and Lovino.

"H-Hey…G-guys…" Matthew says slowly. Gilbert looked at Matthew.

"I am sorry." Gilbert says as he shows Matthew his razor sharp teeth just before plunging into his arm.

Matthew lets out an inhumane scream of pain. Antonio had to hold Lovino back, while Arthur stood in shock at the bloody sight.

The type of Demon Gilbert was craved blood, Alfred and Antonio watched shocked and of guard in case they needed to stop Gilbert from draining the poor Angel. Gilbert had spat out all the venom- laced blood onto the wooden floor next to his bed. The blooded looked black with a sickly maroon tint to it. The blood actually bubbled on the floor. Matthew had let out quiet cries as Gilbert bit him again, once more another mouthful of venom blood hit the floor.

Gilbert looked at Matthew. His arm looked a lot better, except for the bleeding bite. It didn't look like the tissue was dying or there was swelling. His face had golden tears leaking from his violet eyes. Gilbert knew that the tears were of pain, but even then Matthew still looked angelic. Gilbert knew the next part would be hard. It would have been better to pleasure the young Angel while he did this, but it had to be done.

Gilbert had to put his own venom, but it wouldn't be much. Just enough that it would counteract the Hellhound venom, if any were still left in Matthew's system. A demons venom is only used rarely, this was one of the times. The other time a Demon's venom was used is during mating, a lot more venom is used and a mark is forever branded on a mate forever. I am not mating with Matthew! I am just curing him! Gilbert thinks.

"One more time. I promise." Gilbert says to Matthew.

Matthew lets out a pathetic whimper.Gilbert gives Matthew an 'I'm sorry' look.

Gilbert gently takes Matthews arm and bites down on Matthew's forearm. Everyone could actually hear the sickening sound of Gilbert's teeth pierce Matthew's skin. They could see the blood oozing from the side of Gilbert's mouth and leak onto the floor, mixing in with the tar-like venom-laced blood onto the floor. Matthew could feel Gilbert's teeth enter his skid, as they breaks through the harm muscle and scratch at the bone.

Matthew let out a silent scream as more golden tears fall down his already tear-stained face. Then Matthew felt a hot fiery sensation riddle his body. It was pain, at first.

Antonio, Alfred, and Gilbert were shocked by what they heard next