that memory's blissful end faded from the movie screen in her mind. The tail-end of the conversation they'd had that morning still sounding quietly

 

          “I'm so... so... sorry, Naru-” 

 

          “Hinata, it's over... you're forgiven... really. You're punishing yourself far worse than I did with that guilt.... stop it...”

 

          “He had known too,” she mused. Just as Kurenai had said today, Naruto had said it years ago... 'Guilt is the worse punishment you can bring on yourself.'

 

          She sat up on the bench smiling at the thought that knowing that had absolutely no effect on how guilty she felt. She'd carelessly caused the failure of all her friends, and she'd been the cause of Naruto's breaking his nindo... for a second time... She felt just plain awful.

 

          Suddenly, her eyes widened, she jumped up from the bench full of purpose. She knew exactly what to do. It seemed stupid of her not to have known immediately. So glaringly obvious... There was only one way to rid herself of the guilt and mend her relationship with Naruto at the same time. She walked toward Naruto's house, purpose in each step. She was nearly there when-

 

          “Hinata!”

 

          “What?!”

 

          Hinata jerked her head around, jumping slightly when her thoughts were interrupted. A pink-haired ninja flashed her a friendly smile and waved for her to slow down. Hinata smiled back nervously, her guilt quickly resurfacing.

 

          When the Kunoichi caught up a moment later, she seemed to be in a perfectly content mood. Hinata kept glancing at her trying to read some hidden bitterness, but there was none. Sakura must have noticed because the she anticipated one of the glances and caught Hinata's eyes in her deep green ones.

 

          “Hey... relax... I don't bite...”

 

          She giggled.

 

          “Eh... well... aren't you... aren't you... m-ma-um...”

 

          “Hmm?”

 

          “Well... thank you.... for.... for covering for me with Tsunade.... I... really didn't deserve that.”

 

          She broke off awkwardly.

 

          “Well,” Sakura quickly responded, “Naruto pleaded with me to cover for you... He didn't want you to get in trouble.”

 

          She casually ran a hand through her hair and continued:

 

          “He said he knew you screwed up, big time...” She added in for effect. “But... he has seen a confidence in you that neither of you have ever known... and he... was proud of you for that. No matter what we said, he couldn't see anything justifiably worth crushing that confidence you gained. So... while he's not quite smart enough to come up with a good cover story...”

 

          Sakura smirked and shook her head as the two girls walked side-by-side.

 

          “He did succeed in convincing me to cover...”

 

          “Wow!” Hinata, thought out loud. “Naruto's not the best at debating... I wonder how...”

 

          Sakura must have been reading her thoughts because she giggled again and shook her head.

 

          “He begged... didn't take long to convince Sai, after all Naruto was his first friend; he'd do almost anything for him. Your teammates... though I doubt they'd have sold you out... weren't required to report since we were. And me... well… we're friends too... and there isn't much I wouldn't do for Naruto. He may be a blockhead at times... but he has a good heart...” She said matter-of-factly.

 

          “Wow...” Hinata intoned again, though more softly this time.

 

          “And... well... he said you'd punish yourself far more thoroughly then Tsunade ever could.”

 

          Hinata's face burned scarlet, but she said nothing. Sakura noticed but pretended not to.

 

          “We'll, Hinata, I've gotta get going. Tsunade wanted me to help out at the hospital today, see ya!”

 

          And with that, she scampered off down the road forking to the right toward the hospital. Hinata continued on toward Naruto's house deep in thought. Was Naruto not angry with her anymore? Was she being stupid? Naruto... you fool... you're way too good to me.

 

          With that thought in mind, she turned up the stairs to Naruto's apartment. The same one he'd lived in since she'd known him. As she reached the top of the stairs, her heart-beat quickened, as did her breathing. She raised her hand to knock and took a deep breath and wrapped her knuckles lightly against the wooden door twice. A muffled, “Just a minute!” Rang out from somewhere behind the door. A moment later, the door banged open and Naruto looked up into her face his eyes wide.

 

          “Hinata... why?”

 

          Hinata beamed at him still thinking of what he'd done for her, but her nervousness was fast over-taking her. She raised a finger to her lips and