rather than opposite. Judging it for herself, she thought that it was one of the Devils. It had to be, surely. 

But now that one of them was here, what was she to do? What did they want?

She was having a restless night, one where she couldn’t seem to fall asleep, far too disturbed by the presence she felt. The ability she seemed to have was proving to be more of a burden as of late.

Then, the door creaked open and she bolted upright, almost as though she expected Eli to be coming through those doors, but the aura around her was far more sinister.

And she could see her briefly, very briefly, catching sight of the glow in her chest and the red hair, but very little else. She had a few tell-tale signs about her that gave away her status, the tail, the horns; the wings.

But she seemed to disappear a few seconds after the laid eyes on her, but she realised how much she didn’t want to give away that she knew something was amiss regarding something of a supernatural origin. She felt her presence move, before she decided it would be for the best for her to pretend like she hadn’t seen a thing, settling back into her bed.

The next day, though, Nozomi greeted Eli in the way she had done so every morning, but she still felt that presence. In fact, she had seen another brief flash as the being had followed her in leaving the room, but she ignored it once again.

“Elichi, I’m going to be going out today, I want to browse one of the markets,” She said, arms around her neck as Eli’s arms slid around her waist, “I’ll try not to take too long.”

“Alright,” Eli smiled a little bit tiredly, “I wish I could come with you.”

“I understand that you can’t,” Nozomi said, nuzzling a kiss on her cheek, “Even I have to be careful, no?”

“Yeah… They had to arrange specific visits for me with extra security and everyone swarms me and, ah… You know how it goes.”

Nozomi nodded, “I’ll pick up something for you.”

“You don’t need to do that,” Eli said, her expression softening, “I’m just happy you’re doing what you want to do.”

Nozomi chuckled, “Alright, alright. I’ll be going out quite soon then.”

~

Nozomi had shortly thrown on a cloak with a hood and she could only thank the weather that it was a little bit colder than any normal day she would have gone out.

So, she left the castle and went to the stables, retrieving her brown horse she had come to affectionately name Tarot. The name reminded her of her teenage years when she had struggled to make a living as an orphan. But she had had a talent for tarot readings, taking her mother’s old pack that was left to her and learning quickly. She had always felt the presence of her mother when giving a reading and that was what had driven her to continue.

In fact, it was also how she had met Eli. The girl had been worrying about her future, her family and just about everything a young girl could struggle with. After reassurance from the cards, she had left, only to return with another question.

Did she have a claim to anything grand?

Even if it was something as miniscule as a connection to a little known of noble or anything like that, even if the question was vague or perhaps vain, Nozomi had received the question and the cards had revealed to her something surprising.

Eli did indeed have a claim to something larger than herself. Although the cards didn’t reveal quite what it was, it was definitely something huge. If she was honest, she could have felt it the moment she met Eli.

The next step was figured out what it was. Then, one day, at the age of eighteen, Eli had had a knock on her door from the royal protectors, only to find that she was the oldest living connection to the crown. With her parents out the picture, Eli was somewhat forced to take the burden of royalty. Her sister helped alongside her, but she could only do so much to help with the responsibilities.

Eli still came to visit. She still asked her questions and spilled her doubts that she wasn’t as good of a ruler as everyone would expect her to be and Nozomi was there to reassure her. Even if it was difficult to lift her worries, she’d do so even if she didn’t use the cards.

Nozomi smiled at the thought of the young woman she had met and come to know so well over these years and someone she had eventually come to love. It had come as a surprise to everyone, including Nozomi herself, when Eli came to want the poor, orphaned fortune telling girl rather than some rich potential suitor to aid foreign diplomacy.

And so, they had come to live together