to apologise," replied Herc, standing in the hallway dripping from the rain.

"Not accepted. Sod off." Douglas tried to close the door but Herc stepped forward to stop him.

"Please Douglas. Let me come in, just for five minutes. I've got two things I want to say to you."

"I don't want to hear them."

"Carolyn's thrown me out on my ear. I've got my comeuppance. Please give me a chance to talk to you."

Herc had been thrown out? Douglas's curiosity temporarily overcame his anger. "Five minutes only." He stepped back to allow the other man to enter. 

Still, the minute Herc was in the room he suddenly didn't want to hear it. Really, it was no surprise that Carolyn had chucked him out. She was unlikely to take well to being told how to run her company, nor to be flattered by the 'man of the world protecting his little woman' approach. However she was perfectly capable of deciding to get rid of both him and Herc and he wasn't at all sure that he was ready for some smug apology from Captain Goody Two-Shoes Shipwright. 

"I'm making coffee for Martin," he said abruptly. "You'll have to wait." He turned to the kitchen, trying to let his anger overcome his instinctive good manners. "Can I get you a cup?" he finally offered through gritted teeth. 

"Thank you, I'd appreciate that," replied Herc, clearly picking his words carefully.

Douglas bolted for the kitchen, where he leaned heavily on the counter and let his head hang down, trying to centre himself with deep breaths. It was a long five minutes before he finally turned to his coffee machine and produced three cups to go with the plate of biscuits. 

He walked back into the living room with the tray to find Martin crammed into a corner of the sofa, as if he was trying to make himself as small as possible, and Herc standing awkwardly by his desk, quite clearly trying to look as if he hadn't been staring down at Douglas's CV the minute before. Douglas put down the tray very carefully, telling himself that emptying a mug of hot coffee over Herc's head would be yet another in a long line of mistakes. 

Once they'd all picked up their mugs and he'd irritably ordered Herc to stop hovering and take a seat, he turned on the other man. "Well? Your five minutes is ticking by."

Martin interrupted nervously. "Maybe I should go?"

"Please stay," said Herc. "You may as well hear this too. In fact that's one of the things I want to say, really. I didn't understand MJN at all. I really didn't realise the extent to which you are more a bizarre sort of family than just another charter business."

He glanced over at Martin. "At Air Caledonia, and even more so at Air England, if a colleague looked like he was in trouble, everyone else would be heading for the exits. You certainly wouldn't come visiting after hours."

Douglas grimaced at the memory. He'd prided himself on being the most cynical of bastards but even he had been taken aback by how quickly he'd been abandoned by so-called friends the minute he'd been rumoured to be in real trouble with the management.

"At Air Caledonia we fly with different crews every day. Everyone keeps their head down, does their job and heads home alone. I'm pretty sure our CEO wouldn't recognise me in the street, let alone know my name," continued Herc. He lent forward with his elbows on his knees, twisting his coffee mug round and round in his hands, his full focus now turned on Douglas. "The minute she realised what I was getting at, Carolyn started defending you. Telling me how often you'd saved the company from closing down. She didn't back down once the entire time. I rather envy you that level of support."

Douglas tried not to indulge the tiny tendril of hope that was blossoming in his chest. After all, Carolyn didn't like being criticised and she didn't like being wrong. She was perfectly capable of defending him in front of others but still firing him once their backs were turned. 

"Anyway. So. That was the one thing I wanted to say to you," said Herc. "The other is a straight apology to you, Douglas. You look exactly like your old self, you sound and act like your old self. It never occurred to me that you might have changed. Carolyn told me you've been sober for what, eight years now?"

"Nine years and seven months," replied Douglas flatly, waiting to see if Herc would do the maths.

"Ah."

"Yes."

"I really didn't think you had it in you to stop drinking. I'm jolly impressed," said Herc. "And Carolyn assures me that's she