. How had she managed to miss all of this happening?

"Tikki, there's two of them," Marinette whispered. Two akumatized people, and Chat Noir had to fight them both by himself.

She wondered if this had happened before. If he'd ever had to fight many enemies without her.

She wondered how many close calls he'd had, and she wondered how many she could've prevented if it hadn't been for her self-centered-ness.

She watched Chat Noir, breathless, as he avoided confrontation with both men and strategically waited for the right moments to land his hits. He was stronger, faster, and smarter. But…he couldn't do it on his own. He shouldn't have to do it on his own.

Marinette, blank-minded and granite-faced, turned around and began walking. Just walking, aimlessly, with no clear direction. She just needed to get as far away from the fight as possible, as far away from Chat Noir.

Slow down Marinette, you have all the time in the world.

Slow down. Slow down.

She looked down at Tikki, they were alone behind a school building just down the street from the fight. Her face read an endless amount of emotions, but none more prominent than guilt.

"Marinette…what are you going to do?" Tikki asked her slowly. This was a trial – it would test her character and moral, and could determine the rest of her stay at Paris, and whether or not she'd harbor regret for what she did four years ago.

"Tikki," Marinette said, voice low and steely. "…Spots on."

.

.

.

before you ask...yes i do hate being cliffhanger trash

thank you ALL for this amazing support! there are so many of you and im so excited that youre all so nice to me, especially with my limited ladybug knowledge, so please bear with me while i struggle with updates and such~~ thank you all so much for your reviews as well! feel free to pm me bc im really nice and i love to talk!

Four years years ago, Marinette left Paris. Four years ago, Marinette left Ladybug behind. Four years ago, Marinette didn't say goodbye. And now she's going to pay the price. angstish ladynoir and marichat. au. older!marinette&adrien.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

She wasn't sure what compelled her to make the sudden decision – after years of quiet solitude – to disrupt said quietness with the summoning of her alter ego.

Tikki's eyes widened.

"Marinette…are you sure…? It's been so lon-"

"I'm sure," she interrupted shrilly, not wanting to wait a moment longer in fear she might lose her courage.

"…Alright." Tikki responded.

She felt the magic course through her body, it's cool, like lightning, and she watches the familiar striking red suit stretch across her matured body.

Her breathing hitched when the transformation stopped. She felt stronger, lighter. It had been so long…

Her hands reached for her yo-yo and she grasped it tightly. She had to help Chat Noir. That was her one and only goal. Fight now. Talk later.

Her hand stiffened at the memory of him on that night at the mere mention of Ladybug he had stopped short. There was no way he'd be happy to see her again. He shouldn't be happy. He should be angry with her, furious, bitter, and unforgiving.

That was the price she was willing to pay.

She flung her yo-yo out and yanked herself on top of the nearest building so she could get a better look at the building where Chat Noir had managed to lure the two akumatized men, strategically drawing them away from any innocent bystanders. They were nearly two stories above ground, all positioned in a three person triangle. Chat Noir was expertly dodging almost all of their attacks and landing a few of his own as well, but Marinette knew that she could help him if she tried. If she was able to hook her yo-yo around the left guys foot, the one with the wacky brown hair, she'd be able to hang him by his foot off of the flagpole and then be able to get his akuma. With any luck, Chat Noir would be able to take care of the other guy.

Marinette grimaced. She had forgotten to factor something else in. The fact that no one had seen Ladybug for four years would raise some eyebrows, and probably distract Chat, especially seeing how bitter he was towards her (and rightfully so).

Oh well. She'd just have to wing it.

Calculating the precise angle, she wound her arm backwards and flung her yo-yo at the villain she was aiming for. She almost cringed, her arm strength had gotten significantly dented in the years she spent in Italy. She was lucky enough to make it all the way, and the yo-yo zipped around the criminal's ankle and she pulled