bone to his neck.

“Yeah,” Zayn lifts his arms in the air and lets Harry to remove his shirt like that, “but I also know how much I want you.”

His eyes drop down on Harry’s lips and licks his own so desirously that Harry actually feels a twitch between his thighs.

“Don’t you?” Zayn looks up at him then and for a relatively tiny second there’s a genuine concern in his eyes.

“Oh my God,” Harry shakes his head and pulls Zayn in a deep kiss, making sure his tongue does a full circle into his mouth. “You have no idea,” he says when he has to break it and catch a breath.

No one in this entire world has an idea how satisfying it feels to leave a kiss down on those inked lips on Zayn’s chest when Harry has spent more nights than he can count right next to him as well as far away dreaming about this chance. To bent his knees and move lower to lick the skin on his defined pecs down to his abs and just enjoy the look of muscles tightening under the touch of his tongue. He also uses the chance to roll his tongue over Zayn’s nipple just as he’s imagined to tease him this way ever since they started the stupid joke in the band where they’d rub each other’s nipples with no reasonable explanation.

His brain doesn’t even comprehend what is happening, Harry’s sure of it, but his body wants it all and wants it all in fast forward and dull incoming. He only stops when his mouth reaches Zayn’s hip bone and the heart tattoo begging to be bitten there so Harry lets himself to do it and he didn’t think that it would cause that reaction from Zayn, but this might be his new favorite feeling in the world.

Zayn’s hands swooped into his hair in a manner that’s demanding, but a little helpless at the same time, holding on to the back of his head and trying to steady himself from the shiver in his legs. And Harry realizes it then, how teasing it must be, him going down with his mouth leaving prints everywhere, until he’s finally reached down. How it feels when his lips are inches away from Zayn’s dick, with his teeth tickling the skin right next to it.

But as much as Harry feeds from chances to tease Zayn this way, he can’t hold it in any longer and he’s pretty sure Zayn couldn’t either, feeling the grip he has on Harry’s neck. So he pulls his sweats just above his knees so Zayn can stretch his legs a little and then without another breath, throws himself in. Wraps his mouth around his cock and it’s thick, so fucking thick in his mouth throbbing like this. Harry doesn’t even touch it with his hands at first just moves up and down, slowly, testing how much he can take of him. Harry feels the head slightly brushing his throat the same time he hears Zayn muffling a groan on his own.

He looks up at him and there isn’t much of a bigger turn on possible than the look of Zayn’s head practically hanging backwards, his neck muscles refusing to work anymore and eyes closed upon his parted mouth. Harry has never been on his knees for anyone, nevertheless sucked anyone off and he suddenly feels like he’s been missing on his years or more precisely, missing on the time he’s known Zayn.

“Fuck,” he spits it out, “fuck, Harry, this is like – “

He doesn’t finish, but breaks into another moan as Harry adds a hand that strokes him in the same rhythm as his mouth slides up and down and with each time he can feel Zayn’s fingers grabbing at Harry’s neck and hair a little harder.

There is no surprise that Harry feels coming himself after the first few times his tongue circles around Zayn’s dick vein, recalling, again, how much he’s dreamed about this and how this is just like cutting a bag open filled with fantasies he’s thought of to work himself up so many times. So it’s also not a surprise when his knees start to tremble foully from the electrifying pinches everywhere. Then, almost naturally his fingertips imprint into the back of Zayn’s thigh to be sure he doesn’t lose his balance.

“This is like – ,” Zayn tries once more, with his thumb massaging Harry’s clavicle, “amazing, you’re fucking amazing, Harry.”

It’s maybe a little too much because this is the first time ever when Harry feels like he could come without even touching himself. It’s Zayn’s face fucked up in the motion of pleasure and it’s his hands pushed up into Harry’s hair with fingers swooping the back of his neck. Harry having a sight up to Zayn’s naked body, his shoulders almost glowing in the dark all tightened from the way he holds on to him. And yeah, his