she had shut down the first few times when he corrected her. Or not spoken at all out of fear of getting it wrong. He had to deduce things wrong, blatantly wrong often, to open her up. 


 


When she did Sherlock felt a thrill that was unlike the chase or the danger. He suddenly knew how John must have felt. It was like magic to hear her unpick details and unravel facts and piece together someone’s life by the colour of their clothing. While she was reading the third notebook Sherlock was burying himself in books about training and learning. He wanted to get it right, he wanted more of the thrill when she got things right, more of the glee when he saw understanding on her face after she had spent a day reading and scribbling. So he made a plan and planned some more. Positive reinforcement was important, it had to be fun for her. It had to be nice and pleasant just like it had been for him. Or he would be alone again. 


 


He had noticed how she avoided the forensics books in his bookcase, so he felt a bit nervous bringing her down to the morgue. But it was quiet today and he knew there weren't any particularly violent murders in the last week so they should be good. He hoped Molly and Sissi would like each other. Some people had an extra sense for gauging if people would click and Sherlock knew that he wasn't one of them.


 


He could see Sissi was nervous, she limped slightly more when she was nervous, like the tenseness of her body meant her muscles couldn't quite function properly. But she looked determined enough that Sherlock felt the positive reinforcement was working. Acting and pushing buttons was easy compared to teaching people things. You had to be so immensely precise and Sherlock wondered how his tutors felt about teaching him. Molly was her usual clumsy self when he introduced her but Sissi smiled and seemed a lot more relaxed after talking to her. She was still sick when she saw the woman on the slab and Lestrade chose that moment to step into the room. 


 


'Molly, I have- bloody hell, Sherlock!' Sherlock could see him starting a rant on civilians and proper behaviour but before any words came out of his mouth Sissi came to her senses. She looked pale but determined. 


 


'I want this, sir,' she said and it came out calm and certain instead of soft and apologetic. 'Sherlock has been teaching me and if I want to help, I need to do this. You can do it, I can too.'


 


Lestrade looked stunned and Molly dropped the file. She got up from where she had been crouched over the waste bin and was slowly approaching the table again. 'I want to do this.' And then she was circling the table with slow steps, carefully stating facts and making conclusions. He could see it wasn't easy for her, he could see she had to push away the pain from wounds not her own. Her voice broke sometimes and she got things wrong but she did it. 


 


-


 


The restaurant was pleasant, quieter than what they had been going to the past few days, because Sherlock felt he couldn't lavish enough reward on his charge right now. They called it a jackpot in the books and it appeared to be working. Sissi looked happy eating her food in the slow way that said she was savouring every bite of it. In between bites she was commenting on the various people around the place. There was a slight hesitation as she began on the personal life of the waiter that was serving them.


 


'Student, unhappy with his job and maybe his study. Avid gamer, maybe addicted and he doesn't have a relationship.' The suddenly flat tone made Sherlock look up from his food and consider her. He focused on the way she said those words again in his head and suddenly things took on clarity. Sissi was staring at her food, her happy mood suddenly vanished. Sherlock felt the need to bring it back and fumbled for a way to do it.


 


'That was you, that was why you came to London isn't it?' It took her by surprise but she smiled in a rueful way and nodded.


 


'Yeah, I didn't know what I wanted and I was useless at the things I tried.' She took another bite and the pleased expression returned, even if it wasn't returning in full force. 'I sewed and I loved training our dogs and I was really interested in history, but I didn't know what I wanted to do. Now I do thankfully.' Sherlock decided that he wasn't going to ruin his own evening by admitting he had made a rather glaring mistake. 


 


He only started about it the next day since there was no case and Sissi looked like she needed more distraction from her day with Molly at the morgue than the book in her hands was giving her. 'Did you know what I was doing?' he asked. It was rather out of the blue, but he knew by now that she wouldn't be thrown by it, she would reason it out and