“I was surprised too. He charged and Jack didn’t have time to react. He hit a wall too, so that probably amplified the effect.” Only when the words left her mouth did she realize how bad they sounded, especially now when they hadn’t heard any news from the surgery. She had played the scene in her head over and over again during the past four hours, but this was most likely the first time Gabriel even heard of it, and she regretted her words now. “He didn’t bleed that much when we got him out of there and he was conscious on the transport too,” she added in hopes of softening the blow. 

Gabriel took the hopeful bait and nodded along, one hand rubbing at the side of his face. “Yeah, that's a good sign... A good thing... right? I mean, Jackie's strong, he'll fight. He'll make it.” His voice faded until he was mumbling to himself, and then took the paper cup to his lips to silence himself. 

When he lowered the cup again it was empty, and his features were oddly blank. He was staring at a spot on the floor, unblinking, and his hands were slowly creasing the cup into a ball. 

Then he shook his head. “He can't die,” he whispered. “He can't. He can't do it to me, no. No.”

Ana reached over and settled a hand on Gabriel's shoulder, giving it a firm squeeze. “They would have told us if he had taken a turn for the worse. He's fighting. Just wait.”

Gabriel didn't show any signs of having heard her, just kept shaking his head, eyes unfocused and watery and the remains of the paper cup rustling in the grip of his hands. “I can't lose him, I just can't... Please, God, he can't leave me like this...” 

“We have to wait,” Ana said, firmer now and his hold on Gabriel's shoulder turned into a grip. “Nothing is certain, and nothing has happened yet. Do what you will, hope for the best, pray, or whatever, but do not give up on him.”

Gabriel blinked tears from his eyes and threw her an anxious glance. His distress and helplessness made him look boyish even with the worry lines on his face. He visibly swallowed whatever else he had been about to say, and Ana coaxed her own spirit high in order to give Gabriel something to lean on. 

“Just wait for now. I'll stay here with you as long as it takes,” she assured him, and using her firm grip on his shoulder pulled him down to rest against her shoulder. At first Gabriel felt stiff and he was shivering slightly, but when he finally allowed himself to relax against her he let out a shuddering sigh. He pressed his cheek against her shoulder and Ana rested her hand on top of his head. They stayed like that, silent within their own bubble as the hospital life kept going through its motions around them. 

Gabriel drifted off occasionally, Ana could tell from the way his breathing deepened and his body slumped against her side, limp and heavy. Then he'd snap out of his light slumber after a minute or two, and stay alert for another five before drifting off again. He might have used the caffeine after all, but then again Ana would rather deal with his weight and puffing than with his fidgeting and premature tears. 

It was another two hours before a man in blue scrubs stepped into the corridor. “John Morrison?” he called. 

It was like Gabriel had been electrocuted, so fast he snapped out of his dozing and stood up, Ana close behind him. 

“Yes!” Gabriel answered. “I'm his husband, Reyes, Gabriel. What's the news?” 

The doctor flipped a small stack of papers on a writing board. It took only two or three seconds, and Ana just had the time to put her hand on Gabriel's arm to ground him for one moment longer. 

“Mr. Morrison suffered several broken bones, severe internal bleeding and a concussion. His left lung was punctured and we suspect kidney damage, but we managed to stop the bleeding and stabilize him. He's asleep now,” the doctor summarized.

Both Ana and Gabriel let out deep sighs of relief and all strain left them so suddenly they shook a bit. Gabriel wobbled on his feet and had to take a side-step to keep himself in balance, and dragging his hand down the side of his face whispered “thank God”. Ana grasped at her chest to quiet her pounding heart. 

The doctor let them have their little moment of pure relief before continuing: “The operation was long and difficult, I've never encountered anyone so resistant to anesthesia in my whole career. A long recovery awaits him and we'll keep him in intensive care at least for a few days, but other than that the most we can do for him now is to