. You won’t regret it.” Junko crossed one leg over the other and retrieved her cell phone from her cleavage. “I’ll call all the girls and we’ll have you ready for your little date in no time.”

“W-W-What?”

Touko arrived at the school gate ten minutes early. While she waited, she fumed and fretted and tugged at the hem of her burgundy dress. She asked Sayaka for assistance. Not Junko. Not Mukuro. Not all the girls in their class. Yet they all trooped in anyway. They fussed and congratulated her on her victory after she convinced them Byakuya indeed agreed to go on a date with her. The nerve of them. What, they thought her so far below his feet? She was higher than them. Much higher.

Then came the makeover. Hair, clothes, face. Junko even dared suggest she not wear her glasses until Kyouko Kirigiri said they were a big part of Touko. Whatever that meant.

“But they’ll get in the way when they make out!” Junko insisted, but the subject dropped when Sakura Oogami scolded her.

Making out. Kissing. Touko buried her face into her hands as she had done at the time.

She was only alone when she retreated to her room to shower. It had occurred to her to stay there rather than expose herself once more to her classmates, but as much as Touko hated to admit it, she needed their expertise. So she scrubbed and shampooed with the shampoo Junko gave her, eyes averted from the tally marks on her thigh because God forbid Genocider Syo awaken now of all times, and she returned to Sayaka’s room half an hour later.

Sayaka dabbed at Touko's face with makeup, Celes painted her nails and Kyouko tidied and braided her hair. Mukuro fetched clothes from her sister’s room which Junko held up for everyone else to comment on. Touko scorned most of them.

During all this, Aoi Asahina sat cross-legged on the bed with Sakura and Chihiro Fujisaki.

“You’ll want to keep a close eye on him,” Aoi said. “If he tries anything funny, scream real loud and kick him between the legs.” She demonstrated half-heartedly at an invisible target and tipped back, legs flailing. “You should give him a taste of what he’ll get when you see him. Let him know not to mess with you.”

Chihiro pressed their lips together and tapped their index finger against their lower lip. “Um... I don’t think that’s going to help Fukawa-san... She might get arrested if she tried to fight him. Fukawa-san should just be herself... Togami-kun wouldn’t go on a date with her if he didn’t like who she was, and I don’t think he’d do something like that... though your heart is in the right place, Asahina-san!”

The first person to speak sense.

Aoi cupped her hands over the back of her head. “I’d still kick him.”

Touko bit back a retort that hadn’t totally formed in her mind.

Kyouko wrenched a hairbrush through a knot.

A squeak popped out of Touko’s mouth that Sayaka had the audacity to giggle at. Not counterattacking Aoi’s assertion was probably for the best, anyway. If they bickered, everyone else would rally around Aoi because they all housed a vendetta against Touko for some mysterious reason.

“If at any point you are overwhelmed by your surroundings, allow your lungs to fill with air,” Sakura told Touko, hand on her chest. “Inhale through your nose for five seconds and exhale through your mouth for five seconds. I know other relaxation techniques I would be happy to divulge should you wish to listen.”

What would someone composed of mostly muscle know about relaxation techniques? Touko’s pride stopped her from inquiring, even if she was curious. Which she might have been.

Chihiro asked instead and Sakura’s explanation became background noise Touko tuned into.

“Are you going to go butt-naked?” Junko asked, adding another sweater to the pile at her feet. “I mean, you’re skipping a lot of formalities if you do that, but I won’t judge.”

Touko glared. “It’s not my fault all your clothes are tacky!”

“Super High School Level Oi!” Junko thrust out her chest. Her breasts bounced. They had to be fake. “We’re doing you a massive favour and all you’re doing is whining like Yamada-kun when the school server blocks his favourite doujinshi website. If you don’t want to become a side character in everyone’s life, you’ve got to work on that attitude! Real life doesn’t care about tragic backstories.”

To shut her up, Touko picked a strapless dress from the top of the heap of clothes in addition to a cardigan. Pacified somewhat, Junko ordered Mukuro to bring over as many accessories as she could. Kyouko tied a bow to each of Touko’s braids, Celes selected a gold bracelet