coin in and made the first wish, they're the only ones who can pull it back out and reverse the wishes. So for now we've got a couple of nutso wishes come true, but once the word gets out about the well, things are just gunna get crazier and crazier."

Deciding that they needed their five hours and no one would be awake by then anyway, they tried to sleep. It didn't come so easy for Sam, so he ended up getting up in a couple hours to research, while Elena woke maybe four hours after they went to sleep. She didn't get out of bed, but after a few minutes of being awake, she saw Dean twitching in his sleep. It made Sam clench his jaw when he saw.

"He's having a nightmare," she said quietly. Sam didn't answer, though it looked like he knew exactly what Dean was going through when he started murmuring in his sleep.

"Sam, we should wake him up."

That's good actually, Sam thought. Maybe he'll finally tell both of us how he remembers Hell.

Sam knew it. Elena wanted to believe Dean's lie.

"Dean," Sam said loud enough to rouse his brother, who woke with a start, fumbling to get into a sitting position.

"Sleep well?" Sam asked knowingly.

"Tanned, rested and ready for action," Dean said, and it was weak even to his own ears. Elena frowned when he picked up a bottle of whiskey off the floor and took a swig.

"I know what's happening." Dean looked back at Sam.

"What do you mean?"

"The nightmares, the drinking—I'm with you 24/7, Dean, I know when something's up," said Sam. And it looked like Elena finally believed it too. Dean signed and tossed the bottle onto the bed.

"Sam, please."

"Uriel wasn't lying, but you are." Dean got up, but Sam stayed in his seat, watching him with perceptive eyes. "You remember Hell, don't you?"

Dean looked from his brother's expectant face to Elena's sad one, and back.

"What do you want from me, huh?" he asked, smiling though there was no humor in it. "What?"

"The truth, Dean," said Sam. "I mean, I'm your brother. I just wish you'd talk to me."

It was in times like this that Elena realized this was a brother to brother conversation, even if she was in the room. Sometimes it forced the other to be more honest knowing she was there to call bullshit, other times it did the opposite, and they waited for an actual one on one conversation to say what they had to say. She didn't mind it, preferred it actually. Sometimes she felt caught in the middle, forced to pick a side, back when she'd first joined them and stress levels were at an all time high with Dean's demon deal.

But now felt like one of those times where Dean's hand would be forced, because both she and Sam were listening and waiting for him to answer.

"Be careful what you wish for," he said, grinning a little.

"Cute," Sam said, sarcasm coloring his tone.

"Come on, can we stow the couple's therapy, huh? I wanna work."

Or Dean could weasel his way out of talking. Fine, Elena thought. But he couldn't do it forever.

The problem they faced with the case was they had three options that they knew of from the last two weeks: an invisible kid that Sam caught the day before spying on women in the shower, the guy with the girlfriend way out of his league, and the teddy bear. Not to mention any others they hadn't heard of yet. Dean pointed out the local newspaper, which listed Wesley Mondale and Hope Casey as newly engaged—the couple in the restaurant.

"Really?" Elena said, her expression dimming.

"Why, what's the matter?" asked Dean.

"I just…they looked happy to me," she said. If that guy had made a wish just to get the love of a pretty girl he never thought he could have in real life…

That kind of thing tended to piss her off.

"Yeah, cause the guy wished on a coin."

Elena didn't answer. It tipped off both of the brothers, but Dean wouldn't press it right after he'd just diverted Sam's "twenty questions."

Instead, they asked around town and made their way to Wesley's house. Who they could only assume was Hope opened the door with a confused look, one that brightened into a smile when they introduced themselves as florists her fiancé had asked to drop by and discuss possibilities for the wedding. "Wes" was sitting comfortable in a living room chair and a plate of roasted chicken untouched beside him on a tray, and the