that message too quickly… we just ran out of things to check out, and since the crime scene was pretty close, I came straight over here!”

He took a step back to admit her in, unable to keep an answering smile from appearing on his face.

After she had closed the door behind her, she stepped closer to embrace him, only to notice how hard he was underneath his robe. Her eyes widened a little.

“… I guess you haven’t been bored without me, have you?”

The slightly breathless tone in which her question was delivered had Simon puzzled for a moment, when she suddenly blurted out, “Can I watch you?”

“… Watch me?” Simon had a slowly dawning idea just what she meant, but, on the other hand, was relatively certain that he was mistaken.

It turned out that he was not. Athena blushed slightly. “You’re wearing your robe even though you haven’t been showering, or your hair would be wet. Also, your dick is hard. Unless you’re hiding someone else in your closet right now, you’ve been jerking off, right?”

He cleared his throat, fairly sure that his own face now showed a hint of uncharacteristic color, as well. “As I was under the impression that I wouldn’t see you for a while yet, I… may have been about to.”

Her flush deepened. “I want to watch you while you’re doing it.”

“It would seem a little selfish of me to continue by myself now that you’re here,” he pointed out.

“Wrong!” Widget chimed into the conversation, causing Athena to cringe slightly. Still, she chose to add to her electronic companion’s response even while taking it off her neck, and Simon noticed the way her pupils had slightly dilated when she met his eyes. “Please. I really want to see. Show me.”

He felt wry amusement at his own resulting sudden hint of self-consciousness. Stage fright, Simon?

Leaning down toward her, he stated quietly, “You know I can’t say no to you.”

He kissed her in what was intended to be a gentle manner, only for her to deepen the kiss immediately, betraying her excitement. However, when one of his hands began wandering down on her side, she immediately extricated herself, taking a step back.

“Oh no. No diversion tactics. You get to touch me after you touch yourself.”

Simon internally shrugged; it had been worth a try.

“If those are the rules… come along, then.”

Simon walked into the bedroom while loosening the sash which held his yukata closed, hearing Athena’s footsteps following him. First putting the obi back on the hanger with deliberate care, he kept his back to her as he shrugged out of the robe, all the while thinking about how best to handle this.

Athena apparently managed to guess what was on his mind – or maybe she had heard it? With her ability, it was hard to be sure. At any rate, she spoke up quietly. “You don’t have to be flashy or anything. Just forget I came by, and do what you were going to do anyway.”

Once more surprised at the eagerness in her voice, Simon nodded his understanding without looking at her; while he was not particularly likely to forget her presence, pretending she was not around would make it easier to not lose his focus.

Now once more naked, he got back onto the bed, a small shuffling noise to his left telling him that Athena had seated herself on the broad windowsill near the other side. When no more sounds reached his ears, he closed his eyes for a moment, emptying his mind of everything but the enticing memories which had caused him to assume this position earlier.

The first glimpse of Athena’s breasts, bared in feverish desire that first evening as she squirmed on his lap.

Athena on her knees in front of him, unwaveringly glancing upward as her lips moved on his cock.

Sinking into Athena’s tight warm wetness for the first time, only then realizing that this was really happening and gazing down at her in wonder for a moment, beholding her slightly kiss-swollen lips, now half-open in a quiet moan, the desire in her eyes almost undoing him.

The fingers of Simon’s right hand closed around his rigid shaft, trailing upward without much pressure at first. The undercurrent of arousal which had haunted him all day now finally became concrete, the lingering touch forcing a quiet gasp out of him.

His utterance was answered by a sharp intake of breath from the window. Instead of a distraction, as Simon had feared, it actually proved to be an enticement: Before he consciously realized it, his grip around his cock had tightened, his wrist now moving in earnest. A low noise escaped the back of his throat, his other hand beginning to dig into the soft blanket underneath him.

Athena’s breathing was gradually becoming more clearly audible as it started going shallow, and Simon chanced opening his eyes and looking over at