or anywhere, Harry’s attention will always be on childish playthings and I’m not saying it’s a bad thing but recently he’s so invested in holding a kiddie birthday party at a muggle restaurant!” Draco was out of breath by the time he finished, it was like the load was lifted from his chest but Hermione’s thinly pressed lip and grim look wasn’t comforting. Did he say something offensive? He sure hoped not.

“Draco... has Harry ever told you about his—uh—childhood?”

“Of course,” Draco scoffed, slightly offended “I’m his husband and I should know that his relatives were complete dragon dung at being family”

“And the details?” Hermione prodded, wiping the stray jam off her fingers with a napkin.

“Er, he didn’t say much. His aunt was a horrible hair dresser who cut Harry’s hair like some kind of pruned bush. The uncle and his cousin are two pigs who love to bully him about being odd. The worst I’ve heard was that he slept... in a cupboard”. Draco choked at the last words, remembering how Harry still teared up a bit at the mere mention of his time in that cramped space.

Hermione nodded, “He also told you that he has been starved, correct?” Draco bit his lip. No, he did not know that Harry had been starved and he just assumed that Harry wasn’t fed that much but not to the point of starvation.

“He also never had anything of his own until he went to Hogwarts. Most of his childhood toys and clothes were all borrowed from his cousin and no one really accepted his existence. Harry’s birthday, as far as the Dursleys were concerned, never happened and never will”

“Bollocks” Draco cursed under his breath as his slim fingertips firmly grasped his dress pants. What kind of husband doesn’t know his spouse’s suffering?

“Harry must have wanted to spare you from the extra details, Draco. He loves you very much. The only reason why I know these is because I’ve been his friend since he was eleven”

Draco dumbly nodded and spared a pained smile. There was a lot to learn about Harry and a lot of painful memories to turn around. He knew he participated in his husband’s terrible life and Draco’s more than determined to set it right this time.

“Help me, Hermione” the Slytherin declared with the passion of a Gryffindor.

“With what?” Hermione asked, though Draco knew that the witch already had an idea.

“We’ll organize the best children’s party ever! I’ll wring Gringotts dry if I have to”

Hermione chuckled, “Don’t get too cocky, Draco. My husband’s precious twenty galleons are still in that bank”

They both laughed and agreed to involved special people for the occasion.  

 

 

 

Harry was extremely moody after he came home.

The seminar was beyond boring and the impromptu mission was a bust. Draco was especially distant with him too... and a bit too prissy.

“Harry, stop sulking! We’ll have the party some other time. My parents are being arses as of the moment so cooperate with me” Draco whined on and on.

Of course, Harry didn’t really listen. He wanted that party so much and he planned for it for months. Why did Draco’s parents suddenly decide to butt in to their expenses? He knew they’re newly married but, for Salazar’s sake, Harry is loaded enough to fund Hogwarts until the next four years. Needless to say, Harry’s sour mood went on until the fortnight.

 

 

 

“Ronald! Stop fidgeting already” Hermione reprimanded as she neatly tucked, again, the round circular glasses on top of Ron’s nose.

Ron, on the other hand, kept fidgeting with his yellow dress shirt and kept complaining that ‘everything’s so bloody bright’.

“Why do I have to be the bloody mutt? You could have picked a better character!” Ron complained for the third time this morning and Hermione would have kicked him if her rainbow skirt wasn’t in the way.

“It’s for Harry, Ron. We like to do stupid things for Harry” Hermione playfully chided and kissed his freckled cheek.

Unfortunately for Ron, Draco decided to waltz in and check the preparations.

The Slytherin smirked as he assessed the squirmy irritable weasel, “That looks good on you. Want to make it permanent?” Draco teased as he threateningly twirled his wand.

“Oh, yeah? That’s rich coming from a bloke who looks like bubblegum vomit” Ron teased back.

“You’re a dog, weasel” Draco smirked, “You don’t get to have opinions”

“There seems to be a fair amount of wrackspurts in this room, Draco. Are you sure you’re not nervous?” Luna declared in her typical hushed voice as she twirled around the room with her spectrespecs and a wobbly tiara on her head. Her hair was full white, courtesy of a