He is the burning fire, restricting the light.

His perfect touch that burns; his idyllic voice that stings; his smell is ruinous, however the light subconsciously lets in the fire. He does it because he knows he is ravenous for his flavor, the sweet melody of his existence is enough. He craves his care and attention like a child. He is hungry for him, overpowering the simplistic things he kept to himself like wanting- no, needing him. He desires for his warmth, to be held close, to caress the soft skin that has been damaged. He is the fire. His arms are tense although his muscles flinch; proving the delicate posture he has forbidden from himself. The walls are up, banishing anyone who tries to open them, letting the light in. But the fire deepens, growing heavily inside of him. The darkness surrounds his mind, closing off any thought to interrupt his own. He has no texture, no aim, no scrutiny. However the boy with the chestnut hair and eyes as green as the brightest emerald allowed himself in, breaking down the barricade from the blaze he cast upon the world. He was like poison, seeping through your veins, flowing along the bloodstream like a drug with no comedown. He thickens in his lungs although he is a magnificent sight, beaming with energy and such admiration for the boy who let the fire in, open up into his world and cry out with flames. The fire grew inside the both of them, reaching corners of their souls the boy never knew were there. He was full but still craving for more. The raging fire soon itched its way closer to him, holding such precious considerations to release the light. Breathing isn’t easy, as his carbon dioxide filled his lungs. Even so, he knew it was not an option. He dealt with the fire, bestowing it his duty to extinguish the flames. He cared for him, loved him and kept him in his heart even knowing that fires are life threatening. He grasped onto the fire that taught him of the debris of the world, the smoke and the ash. The fire was the result of misuse, pain and horror. It had been lightened from such a small spark, and soon began to have its life of its own. It raged and boiled until every limit was shattered by the fires weakness; light. The light cast its way onto the fire, bringing hope and more importantly; peace. Hope that some day, all carnage will be withdrawn, that the aloof fire began to stop growing and emitting its walls. When the light came, the fire was weak, the heat almost became bearable. The walls collapsed, allowing the light to breathe for the both of them. He panted and gasped, doing everything to help save the fire from becoming turmoil. He still yearned for the fire, the same fire that pushed its way into his heart. It sometimes scared him, knowing he is completely his, because he was never sure of how the fire would ignite again, even if he knew he would melt from the way he would dig at his hips and kiss his collarbone. Even if he is the rage, you are the calm. He was the crashing of the waves, the storm set to come, the fire in his own eyes. You are entwined with his fire, like the way he accepted your light.