next scheduled visit, the doctor (he couldn’t for the life of him remember the name of the man that had replaced Fraiser) handed him a stack of test results. He flipped through them idly, not much caring what they had to say. One caught his eyes, with the words “ATA positive” stamped across the top. “Hey, doc, what’s this mean?”

The doctor looked over it. “Dr. Beckett’s research on Ancient technology revealed that there is a specific gene that allows people to use it. Everyone in the SGC was tested for the possible Atlantis mission.”

“Atlantis mission,” he repeated. It wasn’t the first time he’d heard those words, but most of what he’d heard sounded a bit like it was a bigfoot sighting – might be real but probably wasn’t.

 

He hobbled into the general’s office – O’Neill gave him a look that said he might kick the crutch out from under him if he didn’t get his ass off base immediately – and said, “So rumor has it Dr. Weir is collecting personnel with this Ancient Gene for some top secret mission to the city of the Ancients.”

“Assuming we can find the city, yes, she is,” he answered slowly.

“And they’re working in Antarctica trying to learn more from the chair?”

“You’re not going, Major.”

“Sir-”

“Final answer. You’re still out of commission, I’m not sending you back there.”

 

Later, he started to hear rumors about a Sheppard worming his way into the program, and certainly it couldn’t be his Sheppard, not the man who’d narrowly avoided getting kicked out of the Air Force for defying a direct order. But then, how many Sheppards were flying choppers in Antarctica? He guessed not many.

Still he was surprised to see his old friend in the SGC.

“Shep!” he called out, his attempts to speed up futile.

“Lorne? I didn’t know you were…” Well, of course he didn’t know, what with the Stargate being highly classified.

“Yeah, little over a year now. I hear you’ve earned yourself an all expense paid trip to the Pegasus galaxy. How’s that for your first trip through the Stargate?”

“Yeah,” he said, clearly having no idea what he should say. “So, what happened to you?” he waved in the general direction of Evan’s bad leg.

“Little skirmish over Antarctica, no big.”

“Yeah, I heard about that.” Heard the cliff’s notes version, along with the abridged history of the SGC.

“Lorne, that had better not be you down there,” he heard O’Neill shout. He flinched at the sound. “Do I have to have you forcibly removed?”

“No sir, just catching up with my old buddy here.” They had served together before Afghanistan, before the Stargate.

“Should’ve known you two troublemakers were friends. Maybe you can get him out of my hair for more than twenty minutes.”

A smile twitched onto Sheppard’s face as they watched O’Neill walk away. “What’d you do to get on his bad side?”

“I politely asked if I could join the Atlantis team,” he said, which an air of innocence Sheppard saw right through. “Maybe eight times.”

Sheppard laughed.

“I’m going crazy. They won’t let me off world at all, not until my leg heals.”

Sheppard was a little surprised; while he was all too familiar with being disliked by his superiors, he’d never seen a CO legitimately annoyed at Lorne (though, he doubted just how annoyed O’Neill really was).

“Hey, you got any plans?”

“I’ve got to see Dr. Astor for my physical, but I’m free after. Got something in mind?”

“I know a place that serves the best steak in the Milky Way. Figure you could use one good meal before heading into the unknown.”

“You’re on.”

“Meet me on level 18 after your physical.”

 

“You’re in a very good mood today,” Parrish said, ogling a purple-ish flower. Lorne didn’t know how he could possibly tell his mood, given that he’d never once looked up.

“Met up with an old friend,” he said with a shrug. “Haven’t seen him in a while, so we’re gonna hang out later.”

“Hmm. Your mouth says friend, but your face says fuck buddy.”

Lorne nearly choked on his coffee.

“Sorry,” Parrish said. “I forget you people have weird conventions on what you’re allowed to talk about.”

“I was actually more surprised to hear you say fuck.”

“Oh.”

“But also the other thing. If you could not say anything about that, that would be good.”

“I haven’t said anything before now, have I?” Parrish asked.