take a hint.

Niall had tried everything in his possible will to get Trent away without actually kicking him out of his god damn house. He really had tried everything, but Trent had that thing called a skyrocketed sex drive and Niall liked taking advantage of it. It was wrong and disgusting for him to be doing that, but he was desperate to take Zayn off of his mind even if through sex, all he could think of was Zayn.

"Baby, I'm horny. C'mon and play with me." Trent hissed seductively. He hooked his chin over Niall's shoulder to look down at the homework he had to do, but paid no mind to it. Trent had no regards for his schoolwork whatsoever, granting him free access to all the fun this world could offer. 

And Niall couldn't fucking take it. He couldn't take this hyper active, dumb, irritating nuisance any longer. He wanted soft, sweet, quiet, intelligent, talented, loving Zayn. 

"Niall. Come give me a kiss!" Trent whined pathetically from his open legged spot on the bed. It wasn't a suggestive gesture, at lease, not to Niall, and it actually came off really rude, cocky, ignorant, obscene, and overall unbearable. Niall's eyes widened when he saw Trent reach down to his erection and tug a little, head lolling back.

"Get the fuck out. Get the fuck out of my house now. I don't give a fuck and neither do you so get out." Niall exploded. This was his own fucking fault and if he wasn't such an idiot, then he would've been fine. 

Trent looked hurt, which surprised Niall, nonetheless, and got up wordlessly to head to the door. Niall didn't bother to notice the hesitation in Trent's step right at the door. 

It was silent. It was deafeningly silent. The room rattled at the force of the door slam, but when everything settled back down, it was silent. Niall was confused and tired and annoyed and alone and-

So was Zayn. Every single day of his life.

x.

"Louis, please! Please, please, please let me speak to him." Niall pleaded. When the thought hit him, he ran to get to Louis's house and be at his front door. Sprawled on his knees, blue eyes desperate, hands clasped in prayer begging. "I love him, Louis. I love him so much and I don't want to lose him because he means too much to me. A lot. He means the universe to me and I can't keep living with this guilt. I want him back."

The sun was setting softly behind them, the sky a luxurious garnett fading into its separate magenta and orange paths. The moon was there and bright for a night like this. Everything was too bright for a terrible time like this. Louis's sorrowful eyes especially.

"You're an idiot." Louis scolded before shutting the door on Niall. Tears were escaping now, the sky quickly fading to black... too fast. All moving too fast. 

Niall knew it wasn't wise, but he sat on the porch floor with his back against the door and did not move at all. He watched the moon in the sky and prayed that everything would be okay. 

It was an hour later and Louis just got up to check if the bumbling idiot who was Niall Horan had left yet, but no, the Irish idiot was still there and lying on his side. He was crying still, but his body was drying out and finishing off. He was tired. 

"Niall James Fucking Horan, go home before you get a god damn fever." Niall flinched at the voice and sat up to show Louis his reluctant tears. "Niall, honey, please." The blond boy lied back down with his back to the window Louis was at. Niall kept crying until the breeze lulled him to sleep.

xi.

Zayn pulled up into the house late from his shift. It was a colder night than the others and Zayn had to pull the sweater down his arms and bunched the ends into his hands. He felt bad for the people that were out and around at this time where even his cheeks were red and numb.

He got everything out of Louis' car and began walking to the front door. But...

Zayn gasped when he saw Niall lying on the ground, body wrapped around itself to protect from the cold. Tears welled up in Zayn's eyes to see the blond like that, but there was a reason, he remembered. A reason he couldn't wake the blond and nuzzle into his chest like he used to be able to do on any given day. 

'Zayn! You're home, love.' Louis takes Zayn's coat. When he's this close, he sees the wall of tears in Zayn's eyes and wipes them in a silent understanding, the darker boy leaning into the comforting touch. He needs it right now. Needs the other