just laughed at Korra’s antics, she wasn’t mad at all with her misunderstanding. Korra was now looking at her with flushed cheeks. “Sorry for laughing Korra,” she was still giggling “I’m not mad you saw what happened outside. To be honest, he’s not really my boyfriend. He’s just my childhood friend who happens to drive me to and from my parents place.” At that, Korra just nods.

“Oh. Well, okay.” Asami noticed that Korra looked like she still wanted to say something. She opened her mouth and just closed it. An awkward silence enveloped the whole room with the two of them contemplating on how to proceed with their conversation. Asami wanted to still talk with Korra seeing as this might be a good time as they already started with a conversation.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Korra was too embarrassed to look at Asami. She mentally slapped herself for blabbering. She wanted to talk more with her roommate but she didn’t know what to talk about. She was about to ask her about her family visit, but decided against it thinking she didn’t want to impose on her. But seeing as this might be a good start to finally get to know Asami, she decided to still say something.

“How was your visit to your family?”

“How was your weekend Korra?”

Korra and Asami looked at each other. They had both talked at the same time. Asami let out a small giggle and Korra just scratched the back of her neck. “I guess we both have something to say. You go first Asami,” she said to the other girl.

“Oh, okay. Well, how was your weekend? You didn’t just stay in this room the two days before classes began, did you?” Asami asked, her face showed a disbelieving look.  She noticed that Asami was starting to take off her jacket and tank top. Korra’s eyes nearly popped out of their sockets when she noticed, and Asami just sauntered to her closet still wearing her pants but half naked from the waist up. Korra looked away instantly and replied trying to make her voice sound less ragged and cleared her throat, “Y-yeah, I wanted to rest before the semester starts, but I did took a stroll around campus yesterday when you left and I even had the chance to look around uptown of Republic City.”

“That’s great. I thought you might have stayed in here all day since you’re still pretty new to Republic City, but I should have known better. With you always gone so early in the morning these past few days, I doubt you really don’t know anybody around.”

“I was actually visiting my guardian living on Air Temple Island, he’s asked me to babysit his children that’s why I’m always away.” It was actually a lie Tenzin had her say to Asami just in case she did ask where she has been all those days she was gone. Asami was in the bathroom to change but she can hear her still talking to her. “Air Temple Island. Wait, you know councilman Tenzin?” Asami opened the bathroom door to look at Korra.

“Yeah, he’s actually my guardian for the time being.” She gave her a small smile. It was half the truth this time. Asami closed the bathroom door again to finish changing. She considered on asking Asami while in the bathroom but she just waited until the girl finishes changing.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Asami was surprised at what Korra has told her. She didn’t think she has a connection to an important person such as Tenzin, the youngest son of the late Avatar Aang. It had been seventeen years since the passing of the last Avatar, but the current one hasn’t been revealed to the public.

She went out of the bathroom and saw Korra now sitting on the stairs. She liked their little talk and she wanted it to still continue. She looked at Korra as she heard her clear her throat. “So, how was your visit to your parents?” She smiled; this might really be the time they will get to know each other.

“It was great. My mom and dad actually asked about you, but I didn’t know what to tell them since we barely talked the past few days,” she said while settling on the bean bag right across from Korra. And just like that, they talked and asked each other questions of just about anything

 She noticed that Korra get’s flustered and embarrassed easily. She also noticed Korra’s particular toned muscles. It just fascinate her just how much Korra is lean and muscular and yet still look beautiful even with just her pajamas. They talked and laugh until it was late enough they had to sleep least they’ll be late for the first day of classes


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter 4

 

 

A door to Korra’s face made her fall on her backside causing her to groan and rub the pain on her rump. “Spirits! I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to smack you with the