his family. They found her out on her own when they were on a supply run.”

Riley raised her hand that wasn’t twined with Rick’s and said hello to everyone.

“Yesterday, following information from several sources, Rick, Riley, and I went to talk to Jessie Anderson about concerns that she and her sons were being abused by her husband Pete. She asked us to speak to him about staying away from her, which we did. Rick and Daryl Dixon stayed at the infirmary to keep an eye on Pete. Aaron and Abraham Ford went to the Anderson home to make sure Jessie and her boys were safe. Since Riley is still not fully recovered from her injuries, Rick asked that she stay there, too, so he’d know she was safe.

“After we spoke with Pete, he started drinking and passed out. I left at that point, and Rick and Daryl stayed at the infirmary. I’m going to let Rick tell you what happened after that.”

“When Pete woke up, he stormed out of the house. Daryl shot him with an arrow, but he kept going. We tracked him to his house, where we found him holding a knife to Riley’s throat. I shot him to keep him from killing her.”

Daryl spoke up. “Every bit of that is true. Aaron and Abraham saw it all, too. You can get them here if you have any other questions.”

“I’d like to say something, if I could.” Riley kept her voice low and calm.

“You have the floor, Riley,” Deanna said.

“I have known Rick Grimes for all of 10 days. In that time, he has saved my life four times. Last night was the first time he had to save me from another living person. Pete Anderson also saved my life, after the walker attack. I wanted to believe the best about him, but he was dangerous. He held me at knife point last night. He put a knife to my throat to try to convince Daryl, Aaron, and Abraham to let him go upstairs and get to his wife and children – the same wife who had asked for help to keep herself and those children safe from him. If Rick hadn’t shot Pete when he did, he would have killed me for sure, and then he would have gone up the stairs of his house where his wife and children were hiding from him, and who knows what he would have done to them. I know we don’t live under the same laws as before. But even back then, a killing was justified not only if it was in self-defense, but in defense of others. That’s what Rick did last night, he acted in defense of others. Not just of me, but of Jessie, Ron and Sam. His actions were justified. No question.”

No one spoke for a few minutes. Finally, Deanna said, “Some of you have asked that Rick be removed from Alexandria. Now that you’ve heard from some of the people who were there, does anyone have any other questions?”

The room stayed silent for several minutes.

“OK, then I’m ready to make my decision.”

Rick opens up to Riley after after the meeting at Deanna's.

“Some of you came to me today wanting answers. That’s understandable. We haven’t had any instances of a living person killing another living person here in Alexandria until now. But, from the statements of everyone who was there, what Rick did was justified. And it saved innocent life. We need Rick Grimes here. This matter is closed.”

His hand still clasped in hers, Riley could feel Rick relax.

“Let’s get out of here,” he whispered to her. And they did.

Riley wasn’t sure where they were going. It wasn’t the direction of Rick’s house. They ended up at Daryl’s. Daryl perched on the arm of a chair. Rick sank down on the couch and buried his head in his hands. Riley sat next to him and angled herself so she could rub his shoulders.

They were all silent for a moment. Then Rick started sobbing, quietly, but Riley could feel it. She shifted so she was sitting up on one knee, wrapped her arms around his neck, and held him as he cried.

Daryl stayed put, not saying anything, just being present with his friend in his pain.

He finally stopped shaking in Riley’s arms. She pulled back and settled in next to him, resting one hand on his leg.

“I thought they were going to make me leave,” he said, rubbing his forehead. “And I could have dealt with that. I know how to survive. But my children deserve a home. I want to create that for us, here.” He picked up Riley’s hand from his leg and laced his fingers through hers. She closed her fingers over his, hoping he understood the gesture to mean that she wanted that, too.

“They