fingers and not claws, his skin was back to its usual brown with a grey undertone. You touched his face and frowned at how hot he was, you noticed he was covered in sweat. You lifted his lips and sighed in relief when you saw his teeth were normal human teeth and not fangs. Luna flapped her wings in frustration at you.

It took you several tries, but you managed to drag his body to your room, and somehow managed to put him in your bed. It was honestly a very amusing scene, you are dragging his large body to your room with two bird familiars screeching at you. You knew both were trying to give you directions, but it wasn’t helping. You eventually got him in your bed. You pulled off his simple shirt and his boots then his pants, ignoring the redness on your face at the sight of his naked body and began to wipe the sweat off his body. Once he was clean, you covered him with your blanket and watched him.

He was still crashed out, you were glad he was human again, if he wasn’t you would have run and never looked back. You pulled a chair to the side of the bed. You finally felt like you could relax, even briefly, you sighed and wrote in your grimoire about this event. Luna and Styx settled on the headboard and waited for the shadow witch to wake up.

Gabe wakes up, and he explains what happened.

Hello everyone! Here's the next part, and there's smut in here! I enjoyed writing this, so enjoy reading it. The next chapter might not be released for a while, I have two ideas on what will happen next and I have to see which scenario will work better. But, I hope everyone enjoys it and the smut I have included.

When Gabe woke up, he was confused. Looking around the room, he noticed it was close to dusk, just from the amount of light in your room. Wait, why was he in your bedroom? He repositioned in the bed and froze. Why was he naked? The memory of him in his shadow form attacking you made him sit up quickly, which made his head swim. He only remembered attacking you, nothing else. He noticed a chair next to his bed and his clothes hanging up near the balcony door. But you weren’t there.

Where were you? Did you leave? How badly were you hurt? He remembered hurting you, the look on your face, and the faint smell of blood. Why did you help him? He was naked, why was he naked? Did you undress him and clean him up or did his shadow form...? No, it wouldn’t. Would it?

He tried to get up and go for the clothes he saw hanging. He slowly stood up and stumbled towards them, but his legs gave out and he fell onto his knees. He landed hard and grunted in pain and irritation. Luna landed softly beside him and let out a soft noise, but Gabe ignored her and tried to focus on not passing out or the world spinning. He didn’t hear you walk in, you set the tray of food on a small table and slowly approached.

“Gabe.” You said softly, your hands rested on his scarred back softly. He looked at you, he looked so relieved and scared.

“You’re ok.” He choked out, then he saw the claw marks and the bruise on your neck, he felt like he was going to vomit. He did that to you. He truly was a monster.

“Yes, I’m fine. Let’s get you in bed.” You said, helping him stand. You helped him sit up in the bed and get comfortable, then you covered his naked lower half.

“Thank you, cariño.” He said, taking your hand, you gave him a weak smile, “I’m sorry you had to see that.”

“What happened? What was that?” you asked softly. He could see the apprehension in your face and he hated himself for seeing that.

“I’m a shadow witch cariño. Anyone who follows this path takes on a form of themselves that is nothing but darkness and shadow. It takes a long time to unlock that side of you, but when you do unlock it, it’s dangerous. You need to be strong enough to control it. Most of the time I can control it and ignore that shadow bubbling under the surface. But lately its… it’s been hard to keep under control.”

“Why? Is it always like this?”

“No not always. Once, after my house fell I only traveled around in that form, I was so angry at those who betrayed me I only thought about revenge. I wasn’t human for a very long time. Anyone who came near here I attacked or killed, but as time went on my angered cooled and I was back in control. But, since you agreed to stay… Well that side has started acting up again.” He sighed,