a pause before he hears Kyungsoo say, “Baekhyun?”

Oh. Fuck. “Sorry, this wasn’t—I didn’t—you know what, I dialed your number on accident, but who cares,” he says. “You’re a dick, and I’d be a great boyfriend.”

Another pause. “Um. Hold on.” His voice is muffled for a second, like he’s covering the speaker, and all Baekhyun can make out is take care of something before Kyungsoo returns at full volume. “I think we need to talk. Where are you?”

“In a bottomless pool of misery,” Baekhyun mumbles, picking at a spot on his wall where the paint has started to peel a bit.

Kyungsoo sighs. “I’m heading to your apartment,” he says. Something jingles in the background. Keys, maybe.

“I’m not there,” Baekhyun lies.

“Then I’ll wait there for you to get back.”

“Fine. Well.” He considers saying something else, but just snaps his mouth shut and hangs up. “I won’t answer the door,” he says to the wall. “He can just wait out there forever, I’m not letting him in.”

Except half an hour later, there are keys twisting in the lock, and the click of the door opening, because right, yeah, he gave his spare set of keys to Kyungsoo, because he loves and trusts him more than anything, because he’s an idiot.

Kyungsoo appears in front of Baekhyun, who just glares up at him stubbornly, and sighs. “Why are you on the floor?”

“I’m sulking,” says Baekhyun.

“Can I ask why?”

“You don’t wanna date me. I’m un-dateable.” Baekhyun tries to blow his hair away from his eyes, fails, and lets out a huff. “Whatever. It’s fine.”

Kyungsoo looks surprised for a moment, then frowns. “Who said I didn’t want to date you?”

“You did.”

The frown deepens. “I really don’t think I did,” Kyungsoo says slowly. “Was I there for this conversation? Are you sure you didn’t imagine it?”

“Don’t play dumb,” Baekhyun grumbles. “I heard you talking to Minseok-hyung at the housewarming thing. About how we wouldn’t—be good together. And shit.”

Kyungsoo sinks down to join Baekhyun on the floor, sitting cross-legged in front of him. His expression is somber. He leans forward a little, balancing with his elbows on his thighs. Baekhyun gives up on glaring and just stares fixedly down at the floor instead.

“You heard that,” Kyungsoo says, not quite a question.

“Yep.”

“Did you also hear the part where I said that I’m a shitty boyfriend who’s bad at prioritizing my relationships over my career, and that I don’t want you to end up hating me because I don’t know what I’d do without you, Baekhyun?”

In his state of shock, Baekhyun hadn’t picked up much of anything they said after that; he’d been too overwhelmed by the nauseating feeling brought on by terrible rejection. He shakes his head.

“There’s a reason I didn’t say any of this to you,” says Kyungsoo. “It wasn’t a conversation I thought we should have. I already knew how you felt—or I could guess—and I thought if you knew how I felt—if you knew that I—” He makes a frustrated noise. “I don’t know how to say this. I don’t want to upset you.”

“Say it anyway, it doesn’t matter,” says Baekhyun, heart clenching in what could be either anticipation or dread, or a terrible combination of the two.

Kyungsoo lets out a heavy breath. “If you knew I felt the same way, you’d—have expectations,” he says. “I didn’t want to have to say we shouldn’t be together. It’s a shitty thing for anyone to hear. So I thought it would be better if you didn’t know.”

“Well.” Baekhyun sniffs. “Maybe you shouldn’t’ve been talking about it where people could overhear.”

“I know. You’re right. But I was frustrated and had to vent to someone.”

Baekhyun purses his lips, then finally looks up and asks, “Frustrated about what?”

Kyungsoo shrugs. “Everything. Nothing. It’s just harder some days, not for any real reason.” Now he’s the one who ducks his head, gazing down at his hands and fidgeting. “Sometimes it’s something silly, like you wearing a nice shirt or changing your hair color. Or doing something cute to be annoying, except it isn’t annoying at all. And I get so—” He takes another deep breath, then sighs. “I don’t want to take