inside. Surprised but not willing to pass up the opportunity, you walked in without a word. Your side stung as you stepped past the threshold, causing you to wince. He promptly shut the door behind you, his eyes trained to your waist. Any point you might have wanted to make had been lost. You were too nervous to say anything, even a simple hello. Your gaze was glued to the floor of his sparsely decorated room. More silence filled the space. Hanzo was a man of few, precise words, but even he was at a loss for what to say. The two of you eventually settled onto the side of his bed, neither looking at each other. You winced again, biting your lip as the skin folding sent a tight pain throughout your side. Hanzo took notice of this, and his brow furrowed in concern.

"Let me look at it," he said, approaching your right. You sighed heavily, unwilling to start off the conversation with an argument, and lifted your shirt over your stomach. A gauze pad was taped tightly to your right side, just under your rib cage, with a small blossom of red from the blood that had seeped through overnight. Hanzo stared at the wound with contempt. You had suffered a few gunshot wounds on your previous mission. Inevitable, as the two of you were caught in the throes of war. Though most of them had gone through cleanly, one bullet caught in your side and shattered. The more you moved, the deeper they dug, until one of them scratched an artery.

He couldn't get the sight of your limp, pale body out of his head. By the time you returned to safety, to him, you had bled so much that you were almost devoid of all color. Thank the Gods you had made it back in time. Mercy had pulled you back from the threshold of death, but you were still weak and in immense pain. You had been placed in the intensive care unit for a week. He visited you every single moment he could spare. He put off his training, his meals, and his personal care to quiet his fear that you wouldn't make it, despite Mercy's constant reassurance that you would be fine. To him, it was a display of carelessness on his part. He hadn't been watching out for you properly. Had he paid more attention to where you were, you would not be bedridden. He was inadequate as a protector, and unworthy as a partner. He distanced himself as soon as you were well enough to leave your bed. He resolved not to speak to you until he could protect you properly.

You pulled your shirt down. You'd had enough of his mind games. "Hanzo, this isn't why I'm here. We need to talk,"

"There is nothing to talk about," he said bluntly, crossing his arms over his chest.

"Yes, there is something to talk about," you repeated, standing firm. "You're ignoring me, and I feel like I have a right to know why," The anticipation you felt before was melting away. Though your hands were shaking, you weren't going to let him out of this. You were going to get answers, right here, right now.

Hanzo remained silent. He was more than used to standing his ground. He could be as silent as a statue and had a will made of iron. You grew frustrated with his silence. Why was he being so stubborn? This could be solved so easily if he would just admit something was wrong. A heavy weight settled in your stomach. Maybe, you thought, this wasn't a matter of Hanzo being stubborn, but you being too blind to see the truth.

"Look, if it's my fault...if I did something wrong, please just tell me. I can't change if I don't know what's wrong," you said, voice quavering. Tears welled up in your eyes. Was this his way of breaking up with you? This was a mistake, you thought. How could he, the great archer Hanzo Shimada, see anything in you after your careless display on your last mission? Without warning, tears fell from your eyes in large drops, splattering on your thighs. Your lips quivered as you brought the heel of your palm to wipe away the tears. You felt so ashamed.

Suddenly, you felt a strong arm wrap around your shoulders and a warm body to your side. You winced slightly as the wound throbbed with a dull ache, but your attention was diverted from that as Hanzo kissed the top of your head lightly. Though the globs of tears did not stop, you looked up at him curiously. There was deep remorse in his eyes, like he had made a grave mistake.

"No, none of this is your fault. It is mine," he admitted in a great, rare display of genuine emotion. "I distanced myself from you because I felt unworthy as your lover. I could not protect you, and you