little about any of Michael’s other angelic weapons. It was mentioned that he had a silver dagger, along with the enchanted lance, but the disheartened group could find almost no details. It was as if the dagger and lance bore no significance at all.

Dean was on his third cup of coffee. He and Cas had searched through the pile of books stacked by their feet where they sat, barely separated, on the couch they spent the night on. Cas had perked up a bit after the coffee and cookies, and even more so after Dean had made everyone some pancakes and bacon to get them through the morning, but Dean could tell he was losing steam again.

“You need a break?” Dean whispered, pressing his fingers into Cas’ shoulder and squeezing; a lame attempt to ease some of the tension.

Cas let out a shaky breath and leaned into the touch. “Yes. I do think I need to rest my eyes. Thank you, Dean.”

Dean pulled Cas back until they were resting against the back of the couch and draped his arm over Cas’ shoulder, his fingers automatically working their way up into the hairs at the nape of his neck.

“Close your eyes for a little bit,” Dean said, hoping Cas would sleep for a little while. He glanced over at his mom, who was looking up at him with a shy, sad smile. Dean could see in her eyes that she knew, and she understood, and more than anything, she was sorry they had to go through this again. He may be a grown man, but he was really glad she was here.

Once Cas was snoring softly, Dean carefully extricated himself from the warmth of his arms. He reached down to straighten Cas’ coat, making sure it was covering him completely, before placing a gentle kiss on his forehead. He looked down at his friend, his mood turning quickly from worry to agitation as he processed the situation they were in yet again.

Turning to his mom and brother, he let his frustration and anger get the best of him. It was better than the alternative, and he couldn’t go there. “What the hell, man? It hasn’t even been twenty-four fucking hours since the last time Cas almost fucking died.” Dean startled himself as he realized how loud he was being and glanced over to see that Cas was still sleeping soundly, a testament to how tired and ill he actually was. Just in case, Dean made a conscious effort to lower his voice before speaking again.

“We have to find something. We can’t lose him.”

Dean started to pace. Sam stopped typing, and Mary watched her son become more and more distressed. “We just got him back. I just got him back. I just told him everything. I can’t lose him now. I can’t…”

When his mom came over and wrapped her arms tightly around his waist, he was gone. All of the fear and anguish Dean had been bottling deep inside shattered into a million brightly coloured shards and with one heart-wrenching sob, he couldn’t stop the single tear that finally broke free.

It was Sam’s excited voice that finally tore Dean away from the comfort of his mom’s arms.

“Hey guys. I think I found something.”

Dean absent-mindedly rubbed his flannel sleeve across his nose and eyes before taking the few quick strides over to where his brother was seated in the overstuffed leather chair. Sam’s shoulders were hunched over the laptop on the weathered oak coffee table but Dean butted in beside him, eager to know whatever it was his brother was so animated about.

Sam pointed at a paragraph on the screen, surrounded by intricate sigils and hand-drawn images of strange artifacts. “Look. This is the only mention I’ve found about the Lance of Michael. It talks about the sigils on the lance and how they independently work the magic, and goes on to say that ruining the sigils will break the spell and heal any angel cursed with it.”

Dean interrupted, “Well, yeah, we already knew that. The thing is in two pieces in the cursed objects archive and up until this morning we thought Cas was back to normal.”

“I know, but get this,” Sam continued with an annoyed eye roll. “There are additional sigils on the point of the lance that aren’t affected if the others are destroyed. They’re like a backup plan or something. They can’t be deactivated by anyone but Michael himself, or automatically in the case of his death.”

Dean just stared wide-eyed at his brother, unable to comprehend what he was hearing. “Are you telling me, that we’re gonna have to go down to the pit and gank another archangel or Cas is gonna die?”

“Uh, actually no,” Sam managed to blurt out before Dean could lose it completely. “The sigils on the point of the lance are only effective if they’re in continual contact with their intended target. The lance was pulled out, so that