horrible puns - the blond wasn't sure.

"Aw, you sound like an Ursa cub," she said, though she gently finger-combed Ruby's hair to show that she wasn't going to be a total pain in the ass.

"You might be interested to know that I found someone wandering the campus today. Being the loving sister that I am, I was thinking of you and brought her with me to visit you."

Ruby raised her head in interest. From the description, she was almost positive she knew who the guest was, but it was such an unexpected turn of events that she could only croak a feeble, "What?"

Then she turned her head, and there standing in the doorway was Penny, her perpetually beaming face shining brightly - though worry was clearly visible in her stance as she watched the two sisters. Her hands were clasped tightly, as if she was conflicted.

"Oh, Penny, it's good to see you."

"Yang told me that you are unwell. I hope I am not bothering you by visiting."

While Ruby wanted nothing more than to pass out, she had to admit that she was happy to see Penny. They still didn't have an ideal way to stay in contact, so they were forced to rely on random meetings such as this. Who knew when the next one would be?

"Not at all, as long as I don't have to move around much."

Penny was about to respond, but Yang chose that moment to suddenly jump up and head for the door. She nudged Penny farther inside as she made her way out.

"In that case, I'll be in the gym, you two. Just take it easy - Blake and Weiss should be back soon."

With a wave over her shoulder, she left the two alone, shutting the door behind her. As soon as she was gone, Penny seemed to overcome some of her trepidation and advanced to sit next to Ruby on Weiss's bed. Then, without any pretense, she immediately grabbed Ruby's hands and leaned in close.

"I wish to know what ails you, friend."

Ruby could only wilt under the fervent request, its sincerity matched only by its abruptness. And that was when Ruby realized just how awkward this conversation would be. There's no way Penny has the same reproductive processes a human - right? Does she even know what a period is?

Ruby cleared her throat and launched into an explanation of something that had taken Yang several hours and numerous diagrams to describe to her. She desperately hoped Penny was a faster learner than herself.

"Um, well, it's just a thing that all girls do every month. It's annoying, but we only bleed for a few days-"

"You're bleeding? Where?!"

Before Ruby could object, Penny scooped her up into a princess carry, her panicked face looking towards the door like she was going to sprint out with Ruby in her arms. The young Huntress let out a squeak of surprise, but found that the arms around her were as immovable as an iron cage - secure, but not crushing. She didn't know what she had expected being held by Penny would feel like - maybe that the cold, hard metal beneath her skin would be noticeable? - but more than anything, it reminded her of being carried by Yang when they were younger. Penny’s inhuman strength made it as effortless as picking up Zwei.

"We must get you to an infirmary immediately-"

"Penny, wait!"

The android froze in place like a kitchen appliance that had its power cord yanked.

"Not that this isn't sweet and all, but it really isn't necessary to carry me to the nurse."

Penny looked down at her then back at the door, her lower lip pinched cutely between her teeth. At length, she gingerly set Ruby back down and took a seat beside her once more. Even so, she continued to look her friend over for visible wounds or gouts of blood. Finding none, she tilted her head to the side.

"I am confused. It is normal to be in pain without sustaining any wounds?"

"Yes - well, no, not all the time. Just a few days a month, like I said." Ugh, Yang was much better at explaining this. Maybe I should wait for Blake and Weiss to get back...

One look at the concern still etched onto her friend's face made her veto that idea immediately. She didn't need to make Penny an expert on the subject, just reassure her friend that she wasn't dying or something. Taking another breath, she collected her thoughts and started over.

"You see, in order to reproduce..."



* * *

"Fascinating! Oh, that's simply sen-sational!"

Nearly an hour later, Ruby finally finished giving Penny the talk. It had involved a lot of stumbling over her words and even more blushing, but at least the android's mind was finally at ease knowing that Ruby's condition