the door before getting into his cruiser and pulling back onto the road, driving towards the city. A few moments later, after the rain had come in and soaked through the shoulder of his shirt, Keith started laughing like the madman he was. Shiro soon joined him, Keith pressing his face to the elders shoulder as laughs rumbled his chest. 


 


“I can’t- I can’t believe we just got 

caught,

” Keith giggled, spurring their laughter on. It was a few more minutes before they could calm down, Shiro pressing a few kisses to Keith’s lips as they calmed. He breathed out a soft sigh, smiling at the elder. “Let’s go home now, I’m hungry,” He said, shifting off of Shiro’s lap and back into the drivers seat. The truck was still on, so Keith shifted it out of park and started back home, smiling softly as he felt Shiro’s eyes on him. 


 


----


 


That night, Keith cooked up another steak for the two of them, pairing it with some white rice and veggies. Dinner was eaten quickly, and cleaned up just as so, Shiro’s hands unable to keep to themselves. Keith, at first, was a little irritated with it, but it quickly led Keith to where he was now; sitting on the counter with his legs around Shiro’s hips, the two engaged in a battle of tongues. At least they were, until Shiro pulled away. Keith whined a bit, because being with another man like this made him a whole new person who was needy as 

hell. 



 


“Shiro?” He murmured when the other looked at the window in the kitchen, a smaller hand carressing his jaw. “What is it?” Keith murmured, pulling himself out of his lustful haze and into a more concerned state. 


 


“They’re here,” Shiro whispered. “You need to hide. 

Now.

” For a moment, Keith was confused. 

Who’s

- Oh. 

Oh. The pack. 



 


Keith nodded, getting off of the counter with a stumble before going into his hallway closet, pressing himself against his extra blankets and medical supplies. He heard the front door open and close, but besides that, nothing else could be heard. He let his mind wander as he waited, frowning softly. Why was the pack there? Were they here for him, or Shiro? They did mention something about being an un-claimed. Maybe that’s what it was. Keith swallowed as he heard a raised voice, recognizing it as Shiro. He took a shaky breath. Sure, he was strong and could take on a 

normal 

guy or two. But a pack of werewolves? He might as well be an ant fighting a magnifying glass. 


 


Minutes later, the front door opened and soon his own door was opened by Shiro, looking a bit ticked but alright. “Shiro? Is everything alright?” Keith asked softly, stepping out and looking out the front door which was still open. He couldn’t see their face, but he could tell that Lance was standing outside because of his height and figure. Keith moved a bit closer to Shiro at the sight of him; he couldn’t help it. You’d be scared too if there was a group of werewolves standing outside of his house. 


 


Shiro placed a gentle hand on Keith’s back, sighing softly. “They said that I either join their pack, or they take you. I came to make sure that you’d be okay with me joining them…”


 


Keith raised his eyebrow. “It’s… It’s not my choice if you join them. I’d rather not be with them, though.”


 


Shiro nodded, leaning down and burying his face in Keith’s hair. 


 


“Uhm. You okay there Shiro?” The man nodded, taking a breath. 


 


“Your scent is calming.” Keith blushed. He wasn’t sure how to feel about what’s going on; everything was moving too fast for him to take in. “I’ll go tell them. Please go in the bedroom and stay there; Lance keeps asking about you and I’m afraid of what he’ll do if he gets too close.” Keith nodded, parting from Shiro and walking into the room. He closed the door, flopping onto the bed with a heavy sigh. He never imagined that living in Washington would turn his life into a gay Twilight knockoff. 


 


Soon, the front door was being shut and Shiro was going into the room, looking rather nervous. Keith sat up and scoot back on the bed, opening his arms for Shiro. “You okay?” He murmured as the other came in and cuddled against the smaller. 


 


“Just… nervous. I’ve never really been apart of a pack other than my family’s. I feel like I’m… Betraying them or something.” Shiro’s voice was sad as Keith combed his finger’s through the wolves hair. “I don’t like being in a pack that I have no connection too,