allowed to date students, period. The sneaking around took a bit of time to get used to, but after around a month it was almost natural for Shiro to slide into Keith’s room late at night and leave early in the morning. They’d never done more than snuggle on the bed and watch cheesy movies on their data pads, or worked on Garrison related things while sitting next to each other, knees and thighs pressed together as they worked in silence. 


 


Then Shiro got the announcement that he’d be on the Kerberos mission, that 

he, 

out of thousands of applicants, got to go where man has never been before. He and Keith had celebrated with kisses and a movie, and more things that Shiro felt a bit embarrassed to look back on. They had never gone all the way though, not until tonight. Soon, Shiro’s schedule was going to be nigh booked with Kerberos training and papers to sign and the list went on and on. They decided together that their first time wasn’t going to be the night before Shiro left. It was going to be a month before, so they have more time to be intimate but also for them to get used to seeing each other less and less. 


 


The day of the launch came much too quickly for Keith’s liking, but he remained excited for Shiro; he was finally achieving his dreams, going places that Keith would probably never go. Miles away from the launch pad, they had a little meet and greet before the astronauts left; all of the news stations were there, tucked behind a red rope while Keith and the Holt family were beyond that, saying goodbye to the ones they held close. 


 


Looking back on that day, Keith remembered how he wasn’t trying to cry in front of Shiro, how he’d wanted to show how supportive he was and how proud of his boyfriend he was. Both of their hands were connected, fingers twined as their foreheads touched and they shared quiet words. It’s when Shiro got on one knee, presenting two rings to Keith. One was for Keith, and the other was for him to hold onto for Shiro for when he returned. Of course he said yes, and of course he kissed the fuck out of his boyfriend- 

fiance 

on live television. He wore both of the rings, kissing Shiro one last time before watching him climb into that car and drive off towards the launch pad. 


 


----


 



Keith will always regret letting go of him that day. 



 



----



 


He’d been feeling strange lately, out in his little shack in the desert. Not sick, but this strong pull to this rock formation not too far from his home. He’d taken pictures and ventured to where the pull was the strongest, but for the love of everything holy, he just couldn’t figure out what it was.


 


Honestly, Keith had been feeling odd ever since he was told that Shiro and the two Holts on the spaceship had died, and that it was his fiance’s fault. He remembers the depression and the anger, lashing out at Iverson and resulting in his expulsion from the Garrison. Hell, He still hadn’t really gotten over the loss of his lover, touching the two rings that hung from his neck constantly. He used to cry a lot about it, curl up on his tiny, not quite comfortable bed and just cry until he couldn’t anymore, heart aching for something he couldn’t have. 


 


Then the pull that had brought him out there in the first place called to him, clawed at him until he finally investigated the area. It told him something about this ‘Voltron’ and about a lion, paintings in the walls of a cave nearby. Then it urged him to go out and look at the stars one night, to watch and wait for something to happen. And something big happened, big enough that Keith chased it like a starving dog to meat. He set up some old cars to blow up, distracting the military enough for him to sneak in from the other side and discover what the sky had thrown at the earth. 


 


It had thrown Shiro, and Keith wanted to break down right then and there if he were going to be honest. There he was. He was buffer than Keith remembered, and some very bad things must have happened to him based on the scar, hair, and robotic arm. He’d ask those questions later, after he was tucked in bed with the man he loved and cuddled the absolute fuck out of him. First step though, getting him out. That’s when the rest of the crew came in, demanding that they save Shiro then just hopping on his hoverbike like he’d been expecting them. 


 


Then they were chased through the canyon, racing through the desert night like madmen to get away from the Garrison. After everyone was situated in his home, and Shiro was tucked in Keith’s bed, it was then that Keith let himself sit near his boyfriend and just 

cry, 

running calloused fingers through his lover’s greasy hair, relief and curiosity flowing through his