the party as a what now?” bambam replies, he looks torn between crying and laughing.

"you heard what i said," yugyeom looks away, turning back to his own desk and pretending to act busy by typing random letters on his keyboard so bambam can't see the blush rising on his cheeks.

yugyeom is regretting bringing the topic up in the first place but he has to own what he said or bambam will tease him more for it, and probably call up jackson so they both can make fun of him. and then before he knows it it'll spread through the whole group and yugyeom will Never live it down. 

if there's one thing worse than saying something stupid around bambam, it's trying to take it back when it has already been said and caught his interest. trying to deny it or play it off just makes him cling on stronger to it, and then it usually makes its way to the rest of the group which at that point all hope is lost on anyone ever forgetting that incident.

(youngjae's name is still 'Ass Eater Choi' in the group chat because of that one time when youngjae got drunk at his eighteenth birthday and said that if he wasn't straight he would probably eat jaebum's ass. and as much as he tries deny that he ever said it, or that it was one hundred percent the alcohol and he never would have said it sober, bambam refused to let it die and still makes fun of him for it to this day. now it's an inside joke that they all enjoy and will, at this stage, also follow youngjae to the grave. because bambam will tries his hardest to get 'Ass Eater Choi' engraved onto the head stone.)

somehow his keyboard smashing has taken a dark turn and morphed the phrase 'kill me' listed on the word document in an almost ritualistic fashion. his subconscious thought must have started to bleed through into his fingers while he was imaging his untimely demise through public humiliation at the hands of jinyoung when bambam eventually tells him all about what he just said. 

the wheels of bambam's chair squeak as he gets up and yugyeom's body goes stiff when the sound of his bare feet padding against the wooden floor gets uncomfortably close to the back of his chair. bambam leans down, face nearly touching the back of his neck, close enough to be creepy and for yugyeom to feel every breath escaping the older boy's mouth, the air dancing across the the sensitive skin just below his ear and making him shiver. it would feel vaguely sexual if yugeom wasn't so scared of what was going to come out of bambam's mouth next. 

"yugyeommie~" bambam all but sings, voice both soft but shrill next to his ear. 

yugyeom shudders. it has begun.

"did you just say you wanna go to jungkook's halloween party as a Sexy Highlighter?"

yugyeom closes his eyes, breathes in deeply, says goodbye to any last shred of dignity he had managed to salvage after spending the last near decade being bambam's best friend, and slams his laptop shuts as he spins around in his chair to face bambam.

"i said what i said," his tone is defiant and confident but his soul is dying.

bambam blinks, surprised at yugyeom's fake confidence, "wait, you're serious? you want to go as a Sexy Highlighter"

there's no turning back from what he said now, if he tries to play it off of as a joke bambam will see right through it and he'll get roasted even worse than he would have if he had just taken it back in the first place. he has to just go with it and live with his own mistakes.

"yes," he says, his voice slightly dead, reflecting the state of his soul at the moment, "of course i do, what else would i go as with hair like this," he gestures vaguely to his neon hair and hopes that for once bambam doesn't see through his complete and utter bullshit. 

bambam hums, looking disappointed over the fact that he can't really make fun of yugyeom when he seems so confident about his idea, but also like he's ready to pounce on any sign of weakness from the younger boy, "how are you planning on doing that then?" 

yugyeom blanches inwardly, he hasn't thought this far ahead and bambam won't take an 'i don't know' as an answer, he'll continue to press him for details until yugyeom eventually folds and admits the truth. yugyeom cannot let that happen. 

it's time to pull out the secret weapon that will definitely get bambam off of his back, but could also lead to his public humiliation anyway, depending on how bambam reacts to it. desperate times call for desperate measures and yugyeom can see bambam's eyebrows raising as he gets impatient waiting for a response. 

yugyeom takes a breath, "i was hoping you could help me with it," the words have barely left his mouth but bambam is already grinning widely, a million