committing suicide today, and it just really got to me I guess.”

She hums and doesn’t say anything, he knows she has a lot of questions, but for the sake of his emotional state right now, she keeps quiet and he hugs her more tightly. Tricia kisses his head and rubs circles in his back, but after what seems like hours, she shifts. Raising from her seat, she picks up Zayn with her and takes him to the kitchen.

Zayn watches her move around the tiny kitchen, opening containers and pulling out plates for rice, curry, naan, and other foods Zayn knows he cannot down right now. He eats quietly while his ammi fills his plate more and distracts him with talk of what happened while he was gone, his sisters, Safaa and Waliyha, getting accepted into a new school down the street from the family’s flat.

Zayn goes back to sleep after a few hours sitting up with his ammi, he sends her to bed as he knew she was tired from working at the cleaners all day, she kisses him goodnight with a look of pain in her doe eyes. Although the traumatic events of an almost suicide still linger in his mind, Zayn’s days move on, work and school distracting him from going too deep into those memories.

+++

It’s a Saturday morning when his sisters come tumbling into his small room, all three of them are talking loudly and Safaa is holding a newspaper while Doniya and Waliyha are looking at something on the shitty banged up laptop Zayn pawned.

“Zayn, bhaiya, you’re in the papers! Look they’re calling you Superman!” Safaa giggles and shoves the paper in Zayn’s sleepy face, he groans at them and takes the paper from Safaa, who’s bouncing on his bed now.

He blinks his eyes, letting the light from the window settle into his vision and carefully reads the newspaper.

      ‘Young Man Saves De Vere Academy Student After An Attempted Suicide’

Under the title, he sees a grainy photo of him holding onto Michael, he skims the article underneath and his head is spinning. People are raging, apparently protests against the school board of De Vere have been occurring and people are boycotting Payne Enterprises. Shaking his head, Zayn gets up and readies himself for work at the small restaurant he works at with Harry, ‘I’ll work until I forget about this and maybe it’ll go away’ he thinks.

It doesn’t go away, in fact it gets worse. Somehow the paparazzi have found Zayn’s place of work and are surrounding the place like flies, the owner Shahid is ecstatic however, customers have been entering left and right. Zayn supposes it’s good for his business, but the paps have been taking shots of Zayn without his permission and it annoys the hell out of him. Shahid forces him to take out the garbage, making him walk out the front door into the claws of the paps. They’re shouting at him to give them something to work with, while others are saying he’s already an angel-looking babe who doesn’t even need to try. Zayn lifts up the bags he’s carrying and gives the cameras a measly smile.

 

A scuffle of feet on sleek marble flooring sounds throughout a vast hallway, the click echoing loudly as a man makes his way to the elegantly carved mahogany doors at end of the way. He takes a breath before confronting the shitstorm that is going to blow up in his face, never has he had to deal with this sort of problem in his years working for the Payne family. As he takes a step inside, the noise from the television reaches his ears making him wince slightly at the topic of discussion.

A protester is speaking with an interviewer, ‘Why should we give our money to a company that cares solely for the progress of the wealthy? And that school was created only for the rich and powerful, whatever shite they say about ‘opportunities’ is a lie, it’s for the privileged children of aristocrats-’

Before the man on the screen could continue in his rage, the sound of the television shutting off cuts through. The owner and president of Payne Enterprises sits in a silent wrath at the excessively large and extravagant ebony table, papers litter the surface with the latest newspaper regarding De Vere Academy, Superman, and Payne Enterprises. The crack of a hand hitting hard wood tears through the tension in the room, Geoff Payne glares at the man standing before him, eyes dark with stress and building fury.

        “This is what happens when you let the public free to run their mouths! Never in my life, never in my father’s life has something this abominable occurred and was
allowed to carry on! What the bloody fuck is happening, Paddy?!”

Geoff screams, his booming voice echoes through the office.

        “I’ve been so caught up in board meetings and trips, and this is what I come back to? How did you let this slip up, didn’t I tell you that if something goes to hell, don’t
let it get to