back of the van to get the parcel. The mansion is as grand as he remembers. Intimidating iron gate, and the splendid architecture will make one yearn to live a life like that, rich and elegant. Nah too bad he's poor. Albeit the mansion is spacious and grand, it lacks a bit of colours, not to Magnus' liking. All white and maroon, dull. Whatever, not his house anyway. 

Magnus got the parcel and nodded to the guard with a smile, the guard returned the smile and let him in without hesitation. Isabelle has ordered so many times that even the guards recognize him. The front yard is freaking huge. He have to walk for at least five minutes which is a pretty long walk to the front door just through the front yard, only the front yard. Imagine the backyard. 'Well, as soon as I'm done, I'm gonna go to Pandemonium~ what to wear though...' Magnus sang out to himself, getting into a good mood. 

Lost in thoughts about what to wear to the club, he didn't register someone calling him until he felt a hand on his shoulder. Magnus yelped out in shock and drop the parcel. The parcel landed on the ground with a crash, not a dull thud, but a sound of freaking glass shattering. Magnus hands froze mid air, mouth agape as he looked down at the parcel. Even the hand on his shoulder tensed up. 

After a second or so, Magnus snapped out of his frozen state with a look of horror plastered on his face, ignoring the hand on his shoulder and quickly kneel down beside the parcel to lift it up carefully, clinking of the broken shards could be heard. 'Shit, I'm so DONE! It might be something fucking expensive! There goes my money...fuck!' Magnus mentally dreaded. He put the parcel back down on the ground and buried his face in his hands groaning. He really wanted to grip his hair in anger but that will ruin his hairstyle, so he settles for burying his face in his palms. 

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to startle you. " A deep voice, owner of the that hand, piped up behind him anxiously. Magnus rolled his eyes, and whipped his head up from his hands, ready to spit expletives at that said person's face knowing it's unprofessional and a big NO NO but he just don't give a fuck anymore because his money is at stake here! 

Instead breath got caught in his throat, the stream of profanities are left hanging at the tip if his tongue. He blinked several times at the sight before him, the parcel is the least of his worries right now (and his money). A pair of beautiful hazel eyes stares back at him. Magnus knows he have no brain to mouth filter and so his profanities got mixed with his question. 

"Fuck, you are hot. Sorry I meant to say who are you. I'm not always like that. I apologize for being rude." Magnus shuts his eyes momentarily, heaving out a force breath and mentally berates himself. 'Stupid you are so stupid. Best impression ever.' 

* 

Alec was playing fetch with Mike when Mike suddenly stops and his ears perked up to the sound of the gate opening. Alec glance at his watch to see if it's time for the delivery to arrive. 'It's only 3.59, there's still time before the parcel arrive. Who could it be?' Curious, Alec crane his neck to the direction of the gate where Mike was looking at too. What he saw made his mouth go dry and breath taken away. Alec could feel a raging blush spreading all over his cheeks and neck. He raise his hand and place it on top of his heart and feel the rapid pounding on his chest. 

In walk is the most stunning, one of the kind, man he had ever laid his eyes on. Said man's eyes are the most unique colour he have ever seen, he wasn't sure if they are gold or green as they seem to transit into both colours, back and forth under the sunlight. They are framed by dark, smokey Kohl (how did he know?: Izzy), making the his eye colours pop brilliantly. Silver (snake?) ear cuff on his ear, a simple jewelry. The black button up shirt stretched obscenely over his bicep, sleeves folded up, showing of the strong forearms. Tight black pants shaping his sculpted legs like a second skin paired with black combat boots. His dark hair is coiffed in perfection with blue tips and his elegant fingers holding on to a box are adorned with some silver rings- wait a box? Alec's eyes widen as he take note of the box. It's Isabelle's parcel! 

He's the infamous deliveryman that Isabelle has been yapping about?? Alec was baffled! He did not expect that beautiful man to be a deliveryman, I mean look at him! Alec snapped out of his daze and called out to him