ago.  She was very disappointed when I told her there was nothing left.  I must keep in mind to make more next...”

Placing her hand on the Talaxian’s shoulder, B’Elanna stopped the flood of words.  “The Captain was here you said?”  She questioned. 

“Just before you came in, yes.”  Neelix confirmed.  “I offered to replicate her something else, but she said she was going to eat in her quarters.”  

B’Elanna nodded.  “Yeah, I think I’m going to do the same and replicate something light in my quarters.  Thanks anyway Neelix!”With a smile she left the Mess Hall.  

The Talaxian watched her go in puzzlement, then shrugged and happily returned to his kitchen, cleaning up the mess he’d made during the pizza-experiment.  

~

“Torres to Janeway.”

Kathryn slapped her combadge, not aware of the small smile that had crept on her face upon hearing the voice of her Chief Engineer.  “Janeway here.”

“Neelix told me that you too have missed out on the pizza-experience.  Care to try your luck on the Holodeck?  I know a lovely Italian place...”  

The grin on Kathryn’s face suddenly became much wider.  “Great idea B’Elanna!”  She beamed.  “I’ll meet you there in... say half an hour?  I’d like to slip on something more comfortable first.”

“Fine by me!”  Came the reply.  “Holodeck one, see you then.”  

Barely audibly, the comline closed just as Kathryn reached her quarters.  She went inside, mentally going over her wardrobe already.  She decided on having a quick shower first.  Although she was more of a bath-person, there was something to be said for water cascading off her back as well.  She didn’t have time for a luxurious bath now anyway.  

After relishing the hot water spray for an extra five minutes, she got out, wrapped her too often neglected body in a fluffy towel and dried her hair with another one.  Then she headed straight for the closet and picked out a top and her favorite linen pants and matching jacket.  She laid everything on the bed, next to the two teddy bears and opened her underwear drawer.  Her head snapped up.  TWO teddy bears?  

Kathryn turned around, and sure enough, there were two of the fluffy creatures guarding her bed.  It seemed that Tarees had found a friend.  Frowning slightly, Kathryn picked up the newcomer.  It looked newer than Tarees; no stitching on the arm and it was a different kind of brown too, much lighter than the original.  

It was just as cute and huggable though, Kathryn decided as she ‘tested’ it by pressing it against her bosom and burying her face in its soft fabric.  And it smelled familiar...  Like B’Elanna, she ascertained with some degree of fascination.  Kathryn smiled fondly at her new cuddle-mate and then put it down on the bed again.  She quickly put on her clothes and headed for the Holodeck to spend the evening with the very thoughtful person responsible for this lovely gift.

~~~

Kathryn arrived outside Holodeck One to find B’Elanna going through the database.  The Engineer looked quite different from usual in her flowery skirt.  Kathryn couldn’t remember if she’d ever seen the woman’s legs before.  She shook her head briefly, vaguely wondering where that thought had come from and tapped B’Elanna’s shoulder.

“Hi!  You ready?”

B’Elanna turned around and smiled at her Captain.  “Just about.  Still looking for the program.  It should be here, but I can’t exactly remember its name.  Last time I used it, I was here with Tom and...  Ah, here it is!”

She activated the program and gestured at the Holodeck doors.  

“After you, Madame.”

Kathryn entered the cozy restaurant with B’Elanna close behind her, both gingerly picking up all the details around them.A waiter came to guide them to a quiet corner, held out their chairs and presented them with a menu each, while a second waiter brought two drinks as an appetizer.  

“So, anything you can recommend?”  Kathryn asked as she studied the variety of pizzas on the menu, each sounding more exotic than the previous.  

B’Elanna shrugged.  “Not really.  I haven’t been here in ages.  This place is supposed to be a replica of one of the best Italian restaurants on Earth so I imagine most of their food is edible.”  She gave the other woman a lopsided grin.

“Hmmm...”  Kathryn frowned slightly.  “I think I’ll go for this one here.  I’d try to pronounce it, but I’m afraid I’d accidentally swallow my tongue in the process.”  Grinning, she rolled her eyes.  “Do you think the waiter will mind if I just point at it?”She reached for her glass, deciding to try the wine.

As if summoned, the man who’d brought their drinks appeared by their table.  “And what will it be for the two lovebirds?”  

Kathryn, feeling the need