is enough to make Dean crazy.

Castiel shifts under his regard, stretches his body out in a way that reminds Dean of a cat stretching on a warm patch of sidewalk on a sunny day. Dean wonders if Castiel likes it when he looks at him, but it seems like it would be an odd question to ask and one Castiel wouldn’t be likely to understand, so Dean keeps it to himself.

“You need to lift your hands above your head,” Dean says, and Castiel wordlessly complies. It makes Dean’s mouth go dry, that unquestioning obedience. He doesn’t deserve it, he knows that much.

Dean ties Castiel’s wrists together, then ties them to one of the newels in the center of the headboard, leaving a short length of rope between so that he has the option of turning Castiel onto his stomach if he wants to. He thinks he may want to.

“I can easily free myself from this,” Castiel says, tilting his head back to observe Dean’s handiwork. It’s true of course. No matter the strength of the rope, or the expert complexity of Dean’s knots, Castiel could be free in an instant.

Dean finishes the last knot, tugs on them all to test them. Then he very deliberately straddles Castiel’s hips and places one hand on either side of his head, leaning down until they are quite close.

“But you won’t,” he says. “Do you know why you won’t?”

“No.” Castiel is watching him carefully, taking cues from Dean as to how he should respond in this unfamiliar situation. It makes it hit home that Dean needs to do this right. He needs to truly be in control, because Castiel is on totally foreign ground.

“Because I don’t want you to and you want to please me,” he says. He’s going out on a limb with that assumption, but when Castiel’s eyes widen he knows he’s right. Dean briefly considers trying to explain about safewords, before discarding that idea as too complicated. They’ll be fine if they just keep it simple. “If you don’t like something, just say so and I’ll stop, understand? Don’t just lay there and take it – you have to tell me.”

“All right.”

“You swear?”

A little smile ghosts over Castiel’s lips. “Yes. I swear.”

“Good.” Dean drops a row of kisses along Castiel’s jaw toward his ear.

“What are you going to do to me?” Castiel asks curiously, turning his head to look at Dean. His eyes, this close, are an impossibly deep blue.

Dean brushes his fingers over Castiel’s mouth, then his cheek and Castiel’s eyes fall closed. “So much,” Dean whispers. “I’m going to do so much to you.” 

He presses his lips to Castiel’s, teases them apart with soft, barely there kisses until he can’t stand it, then he fits his mouth over Castiel’s and kisses him slowly and thoroughly and deeply until Castiel is pushing up hungrily against him, kissing him back with that intention and focus that is always present in Castiel, never more intensely, Dean has discovered, than during sex. 

He pulls back and Castiel tries to follow, frowning in momentary consternation when he reaches the extent of the rope’s give. For a second Dean thinks that he’ll free himself and end the game, but then Castiel falls back onto the mattress with a sigh.

“I suspect this will be an exercise in frustration,” Castiel says, twisting his wrists experimentally against the bindings.

“There might be some frustration involved, yeah.” Dean covers Castiel’s hands with is own, stilling him. “But it’s supposed to be a good kind of frustration, so if it’s not –”

“I must tell you, I know,” Castiel finishes for him. He gazes up at Dean, eyes slightly hazy, lips flushed. It’s a wonder how little it takes to make him look debauched, but maybe that’s because he’s normally so reserved that even the slightest little mussing of his hair or pinking of his skin makes him look like sin incarnate. Or maybe it’s just that Dean is hopelessly smitten, a possibility that seems all the more likely when Castiel smiles and Dean’s stomach does a quick, vertiginous flip.

He runs his hands down Castiel’s arms, through the soft hair of his armpits, over the smooth skin of his sides. Castiel arches unselfconsciously into his touch, gasps quietly when Dean’s palms flatten over his belly and slide up to his chest, thumbs brushing back and forth over his nipples until they harden. He squirms and Dean’s not sure if he’s trying to get away or trying to get more. Dean decides to assume the latter, plucks and tugs until Castiel is shuddering and panting.

“Dean. Ah”

“I could do this all day,” Dean says,