to be rough on you!”

Niall wasn’t able to stop himself from looking so surprised – and maybe a bit scared. Knowing Louis, he was a hundred percent sure; he’s going to do that. And his tone never fails to sound so convincing and believable he might actually believe the world is ending if it comes from Louis’s mouth.

Just then, a ring from Niall’s room emerged on the living room. And Niall was sure it was his phone – so was Louis.

They exchanged glances first before both of them started pulling each others’ clothes as they race towards the room.

Niall’s fingers touched his phone’s screen, but it was Louis who was fast enough to grab it and put it on his ear.

“Hello?”

Niall wrestled it out with Louis as he tried to reach for the phone, both of them moving vigorously on the floor, slapping each others’ faces and kicking any part their feet could reach. But Louis was able to move away from Niall easily, ending on a chase around the house.

“Oh, Zayn! It’s nice to hear your voice!” There was a sudden twist on Niall’s stomach as he watched Louis’s lips curled into what he could only perceive as a devilish grin from the devil himself. “What? Of course – fuck off – wait, listen to me…”

“No, Zayn! Don’t listen to him!” Niall shouted on top of his voice, hoping Zayn would get it that Louis is just making fun of him and not a single truth would come out of his mouth.

“Niall told me something a while ago,” Louis ran around the table. Niall chased him, throwing fruits at him while Louis dodges tried his best to dodge everything. “He was thinking about – OW! You hit me! – Hold on a sec,” Louis brought down the phone and started throwing the bags of chips towards Niall. In a matter of minutes, the whole dining place was filled with mashed fruits and ripped of bags of chips.

“So, Niall told me, (Niall threw a whole bunch of bananas) that it’d be such a turn on –“

“Zayn! Don’t believe anything that person says!” Niall literally climbed above the table, desperately wanting to just get the phone away from Louis before he says something that would just make him wish the Earth would swallow him alive and never get to see Zayn again (or Zayn to see him). “Fuck you, Louis! You promised you won’t do anything anymore!”

With that, Louis sighed, putting down Niall’s phone on the table and placing both of Niall’s cheeks between Louis’s palms. He planted a deep kiss on his forehead. “Aww, aren’t you such an adorable thing to watch. You’re so grown up now!” said Louis, ruffling Niall’s hair as he did. Niall tried to shove him off, but Louis touching his hair is something he can’t bring himself to hate – it was probably his weakness with his best friend. It was the kind of gesture that enables Niall to relax, and so thus forget everything he did – even if it was to the extent of making fun of him, at all times.

“Here ya go, talk to Zayn and no phone sex yet, okay? You hear me Zayn?” Louis said, finally pushing the phone towards Niall and started picking up the trash on the floor. “Go on now – go somewhere where you could wank.” He laughed and Niall wished he could’ve covered his phone’s speakers.

Niall scrambled away from the dining area all the way to his room, locking the door just to be sure. He sat on the floor and leaned against the door. When everything seemed to be in place again (and Louis not around anymore), he brought the phone on his ear while his insides went into complete chaos.

“Hello?”


Niall? Are you alright? Did Louis hurt you or anything? You guys just went silent and shit.


The sound of Zayn’s voice over the line almost made it hard for Niall to keep a good train of his thoughts. Even if Zayn wasn’t around, beside him, the way Zayn said each word with so much care and worry made him think the other way.

“Nah, it’s just the two of us being us. As you said, Louis is making for your downfall and I guess that includes me.” Then there was a sudden loud knock on the door, Louis’s muffled voice saying, ‘I am not like that Niall!’ So Niall hit the door back, “Stop eavesdropping and mind your own business, Lou!”


Should I be worried about something?


“What do you mean?”


Is Louis making me jealous or-


“What? Louis? No! No way. He won’t go that far, I swear. We hate each other to the very core. You have nothing to be worried about.” But then, Niall’s heart was beating so