“I even brought my own Refreshments!”

“Is that—”

“Mountain Dew Red! Told you I did my research!” Michael said, laughing. “Oh, hey, Jake! This is going to sound weird, but if I hold down Jeremy, can you make him drink this Mountain Dew Red?” Michael asked, handing the beverage to the teen.

“Actually, that doesn’t sound weird at all!” All of a sudden, Jake drops the drink and falls to his knees. He starts saying something about being cool as the rest of the cast starts to surround the two teens, separating them.

“Michael, there’s still some left!” Jeremy screams over the chaos.

“How am I supposed to get past them?” Michael yelled back, before he realized…

“APOCOLIPSE OF THE DAMNED!!! LEVEL NINE, THE CAFETORIUM!!” The two friends screamed together. They started to say their strategy and before you knew it, Michael was standing by Jeremy.

Jeremy looks up at Michael for a moment, the Squip saying something to him. Michael felt someone tug his head back and shove something into his mouth. He realized it too late that it was a squip and Mountain Dew.

“—Never have him.” Was all Michael heard as his body began to move against his will.

“You’re the guy I am totally into. Yeah the guy I am so totally into.” He sang, cringing because he never thought this would be the way he’d confess to Jeremy. “I love you.”

“He’ll do anything I want…” Jeremy stared, dazed. “Drink this.” Jeremy said after a moment. Michael was so relieved when his body reached out and drank what was left of the Mountain Dew Red. He felt a huge amount of pain in his skull before he knocked out.

When he woke up, he was in the hospital. A nurse came and released him after making sure he was okay. He asked where Jeremy’s room was and quickly went there.

“I’m totally Bi Dude!” He heard rich say in some sort of conversation that he and Jeremy were probably having. Michael directed his attention to the skinny teen laying in the bed before him. Jeremy was looking away from him and wouldn’t make eye contact.

“Jeremy?” Michael asked, concerned.

“I’m sorry.” He heard Jeremy mumble.

“I forgave you already. You’re always forgiven.” Michael said, walking up next to the bed and sitting down.

“But I did and said so many horrible things! And-And once without the Squip even…” Jeremy trailed off. “You shouldn’t forgive me! You should be yelling at me, saying how we aren’t friends anymore!” Jeremy cried, tears falling down his cheeks.

“But Dude, it’s a two-player game. I need my Player Two.” Michael said, wiping some tears away from Jeremy’s soft cheeks. “We’re never not going to be a team…” He trailed off as a tear fell from his own eyes. “Sorry.” He apologized, wiping it away.

“Michael…” Jeremy trailed off.

“Sorry, I mean, you probably need some rest or something. I-I should probably get some too. When I was released I came right here to see how you were…”

“No!” Jeremy said, grabbing Michael’s hand before he could move away. “I mean, stay. Please?” Jeremy looked at their hands, and Michael moved to intertwine them.

“Okay.” Jeremy looked up and grinned. Then he moved over so Michael could lay next to him.

Jeremy was released the next day, but he refused to see Michael. It hurt more than he could explain.

At school, Michael trudged to his locker. He spun the dial until it opened, and he was surprised when it was redecorated from the simple Player-One magnet he had. Instead it was decorated in red hearts and post-it notes confessing love. However, it didn’t say who it was from.

He closed his locker and decided to head to class. He was stopped by a banner hanging in the middle of the hallway, just before the door to the class. On it were the words ‘Please be mine?’ and standing before it with a HUGE bouquet of white Gardenias was…

Jeremy. Michael smiled.

“Jeremy, what is all this?” Michael asked, walking up to the nervous teen. His smile faded when Jeremy ignored him. It was like he looked right through him.

“Where is he? He should be here by now…” Jeremy said, looking around nervously. “Where are you Michael?”

And then Michael woke up.

He checked the date. It was the Monday after the Play. It was the day the dream took place.

He shot up and started to get dressed, checking the time. He saw that he was five minutes behind his usual schedule and he sprinted to his car, completely ignoring the fact that he was hungry. He made his way to the school as quickly