Adrien?” Alya questioned.


 


 “UGH! I can’t find him anywhere, you don’t think he would skip this would you?” Marinette asked, nervously. She bit her nails, and thought up about a billion different scenarios on why Adrien wasn’t at the ceremony, while Alya listened, annoyed. As soon as Marinette began listing the eighth way Adrien could’ve been critically injured, the young boy in question walked in to the backstage area.


 


 “Speak of the devil, and he shall appear.” Alya said, dryly. Marinette breathed a huge sigh of relief upon realizing her true love was still in one piece. Alya in response, chuckled and rolled her eyes. “If you were so worried go on and tell him about it!” She playfully pushed Marinette so she was within a 5 inch radius of Adrien, and Marinette like the clumsy girl she was, stumbled in to him, knocking the both of them down. The now fuming Marinette shot Alya a look that could kill, but her ladybug-obsessed friend only returned a thumbs up and a wink. ‘She is so going to pay for this.’


 


 “Uh Marinette? Y-you’re crushing me…” Adrien whispered.


 


 “eEEP OHMYGOSH I-I’M SORRY I uh um… h-hi..!” Marinette laughed nervously. Adrien smiled at her quirkiness.


 


 “Hey Marinette. Uh say, is that huge party your family in the crowd out there?” Adrien asked. Marinette’s face grew as pale as a sheet, and she face palmed.


 


 “Uhh, yeah that’s my family. They’re stirring up hell on earth out there aren’t they..?” Marinette asked nervously.


 


 “Not at all! I actually kind of like their vibe, they look like a lot of fun! Way more fun than my family after all.” Adrien responded. Marinette blushed, and grinned wide. ‘Adrien thinks my family’s fun??’ She thought. “Anyway we should line up, we’re going out soon.” Adrien said sweetly, pointing to the line that was already formed.


 


 Marinette nodded, and went to her spot in the line. Her spot was relatively close to the front, because-for whatever reason-the school board decided to call students in reverse last name order. She stood about two people away from Alya, and shot her a nervous look. Alya gave Marinette a thumbs up, and mouthed ‘Bonne chance!’. 


 


 Once Marinette’s name was called, she nervously walked to the center of the stage to take her diploma. As soon as she stopped in the center, an attack of camera flashes went off, and Marinette’s family was screaming and hollering about their beautiful baby. Marinette could make out a few “That’s my girl!”’s from her father, and some very loud shrieks of her name. She saw cousins, uncles, and aunts waving around teddy bears, and throwing flowers. She even saw her aunt Chi use a confetti popper. 


 


 While Marinette awkwardly waited for her family to cease the photos and flower throwing, she looked back to the line of students and saw Chloé click her tongue at the attention she was getting. ‘Hah. Serves her right seeing someone else in the spotlight for once.’ she thought. Unfortunately, Marinette didn’t exactly revel in the spotlight herself. She felt her cheeks heat up, and figured her family had taken enough pictures, and thrown enough flora.


 


 To her family’s dismay, the embarrassed Marinette quickly walked to the other side of the stage, and gave a final wave, diploma-and the collected flowers- in hand. She felt butterflies in her stomach, and thought about how, still embarrassed, but happy she was to see her family again, and all of them being so excited to see her. She hugged the diploma close to her chest, and grabbed a seat backstage.


 


 Name after name was called, the other students all not getting as much applause as Marinette, and before the class knew it, the final name was called up. As soon as Adrien heard it was time to pick up his diploma, he shyly walked on stage. He made sure to perfect his posture in an attempt to impress his father, and take perfect strides over. Backstage, Marinette was positively burning, ‘When will that boy ever not look cute!?’ she thought.


 


 To Adrien’s disappointment, only Nathalie and the Gorilla clapped for him, while his father on the tablet closed his eyes and nodded. His heart broke. Adrien looked down, feeling dejected, like a complete failure. His father didn’t even take time to clap for him. Adrien truly felt lower than dirt. After accepting the diploma, he slowly and sadly walked to the other side. He could see Marinette on the way over, looking absolutely heartbroken, wondering how someone as kind and perfect as Adrien Agreste could be treated so poorly.


 


 Out of nowhere, Adrien could hear Mrs. Dupain-Cheng screaming something. He was nearly off the stage, so he couldn’t hear it all but he could barely make out something like…