, but also so full of love that it frightened Harry.
What was happening here?

Harry wanted to kiss back but never got the chance for Severus already leaned back and looked him. Right into his green eyes. This look was so unfamiliar, so full of emotions. It was scary.
Infinite love was what he saw. The kind of love takes your breath away and makes your heart heavy, too heavy to beat.
Gratefulness was what he saw. That kind of gratefulness a human showed when he visits a sacred place, a temple, for the first time. When he saw something from such celestial beauty that it exposed his very soul and changed him forever.

Hate was what he saw. The kind of hate which was so all-encompassing, so final and so big that it turned your blood into ice and destruction was his only companion. The hate of the weak that could bring tyrants to fall.
A liability was what he saw. The kind of liability which sucked everything in and showed no mercy. No matter how broken, bloody and powerless you are… she dragged you away and demanded and took without giving. Harry knew that kind of liability.
A destiny, a secret so dark and deep.
And ruefulness was what Harry saw. That kind of ruefulness which brought a bitter after taste with it. Remorse out of the knowledge you’re doing something wrong but don’t have a choice.

Were that really tears that Harry saw there? Severus Snape didn’t cry…
The Gryffindor had gotten to know this man as a strong person. Someone who doesn’t back away because of danger and darkness. A man with a strength unseen by the people but who didn’t care about that.
But Severus Snape was not a man to just cry. Never had Harry thought he would see it. It took a lot to push Severus this far and exactly that was it what worried Harry more and more.

Yes, there were tears watering this black depths and Severus forbid them to fall.
“My little lion… I love you. Never forget that!” he asked and promised. His rich voice heavy and calm. Silent. It was never good when Severus became this silent and calm.
Then he went upstairs past him to meet Bellatrix still trying to instigate Draco.

“Come ooon Draco!” she nearly yelled but then Severus stepped into the scene.
“No” sounded Severus deep smooth voice and Draco nearly collapsed out of relief. He lowered his wand.

Nothing spoke of the sadness, yeah almost fear that Harry saw and heard seconds ago from his partner. What was wrong with the man? Something wasn’t right at all and it gave Harry an ungood felling. Severus was always strong and knew what to do. He stood beside him, helped him, rescued him, was reliable.
He did everything for Harry just like Harry would do everything for him.

There was hesitation within his steps but you would only see it if you knew the man like Harry did. Apparently Dumbledore noticed it to because he gave Harry glance which seemed to say ‘stay where you are’.

“Severus…” said the headmaster clear but Harry didn’t understand what this tune wanted to tell. It was… kind of sad.
The Deatheaters eyed Severus skeptically. Of course, this was a fucked up situation for his love. On the one side be faithful to Dumbledore, playing the Deatheater on the other.
“…Please” finished the old wizard his sentence and then Harry began to understand and he felt like someone purred an bucket with ice water into his stomach. This wasn’t real. This was not happening right now!

Dumbledore begged Severus for his life.

Severus pointed his wand with one fluent motion at his mentor.
No. No, no, no, no, no… NO!
Harry saw the brief seconds of hesitation but only he did. He knew this man trough and trough. He loved this man. The love of his life, he wouldn’t do this. There was no way he could kill their mentor.

“Avada Kedavra” Severus said without emotions and a green light broke from the tip of his wand and hit right into the old headmaster’s chest.

Dumbledore fell.
Dumbledore was dead.
It was like Hogwarts itself died. It felt like it did.

Harry’s brain couldn’t work with the information it kept getting. This didn’t just happen! Please, anyone, this couldn’t have happened.
If he had been able to look at something different than the spot where Dumbledore had stood, he would’ve seen the shock on Severus face. He couldn’t believe that he really did it either.
Killed his mentor, cold blooded and what was so much, much more worse than everything else, he broke Harry’s heart and betrayed him. The love of his life he had found in the small savior, he betrayed him just like that.

To get your very heart ripped out of your chest must feel like this, Harry thought by himself. He felt sick and tears rolled down his face. His chest was in flames of pain