you off my Christmas card list. I just… I need you to promise not to work anymore spells against me, Will. No matter how well-meaning you think they are.”

Willow nodded. “I promise, Buffy. A-and I’m sorry... for everything.”

“I know.”

It felt good to finally reconnect with her friend, and Willow would be remiss if she didn’t seize the opportunity for a little girl-talk.  “So… You and Spike, huh?”

“Yeah.” Buffy ducked her head and blushed. “Me and Spike.” She glanced towards the front door and was reminded that said vampire was likely chain-smoking and pacing a trench on the other side—no doubt fretting needlessly that she’d changed her mind.


Not a chance. 


This conversation would have to take a rain check.

The man she loved was waiting for her, and they’d already waited long enough.

For the second time that night, Buffy found herself staring at the reflection in her bathroom mirror. She’d left Willow with a parting hug and a promise to be careful, before darting upstairs to reapply her make-up and—however inappropriately—change her underwear. The sight of her vampire in game face never failed to turn her on, and tonight had been no exception. Over the years, Spike’s sinister attraction had ruined more of Victoria’s best kept secrets than Buffy cared to mention, and tonight’s display of growly possessiveness had seen her squeezing her thighs together in a bid to create some much needed friction.

If it weren’t for the gravity of the situation, Buffy would have said to hell with it and dragged Spike towards the closest bedroom. Impropriety aside, it was undeniable that she’d wanted to get out of there. Wanted to be held and cherished. Wanted the sanctuary that only Spike’s arms provided. Nonetheless, self-control had won out, and she’d forfeited the easy option for the greater good.

Despite the fresh wounds of betrayal still tearing at her heart, Buffy believed the pain had been worth it. Grievances had been aired, and through an innocent slip of the tongue, progress had been made. Undoubtedly there was still a long way to go, but Willow had accepted her decision, and bridges had been rebuilt. Only time would tell if those fragile foundations held up under the strain, but for tonight, Buffy’s thoughts were centred on the man who’d turned her world upside down.

Pursing her lips, Buffy placed the tube of lip gloss on the counter and nodded in approval. She’d had the appetiser, now it was time for the main course. The sodden material of her panties made her squirm with anticipation, and a wicked smirk found its way to Buffy’s lips as she eyed the confident young woman staring back at her.


That vampire’s not going to know what hit him.


 

 

What’s the bleedin’ hold up? Spike’s discarded cigarette arced through the air as he paced across the decking. It had been ten minutes since Buffy went upstairs and his patience was wearing thin. ‘Won’t take long’, she says. ‘Makes me feel alive’, she says... That chit’s gonna be the death of me... or undeath... or—sod it. Where the bloody hell is she? 

Not that he’d been intentionally eavesdropping of course. Hello! Vampire here. Was it his fault his enhanced hearing picked up every word that was said? And besides, he’d needed to make sure it wasn’t another ploy to separate him from his girl.


Don’t know why she bothers with ‘em. Only thing her mates are good at is causin’ heartache. 


Agitated, Spike patted down his duster in search of the elusive packet of Marlboro’s. He was still reeling from Willow’s apparent acceptance of their relationship. Personally he didn’t give a rat’s arse what the Scoobies thought about him, but their opinions mattered to Buffy, and in the grand scheme of things it was beneficial to have them on side.

Even so, it would be a cold day in hell before Spike got up close and personal with another one of Willow’s ‘little balls of sunshine’. He doubted he’d ever forget the embarrassment of walking into Willy’s bar one night after patrol, and ordering a pint of O-Neg, with charred eyebrows and a prominent limp.

Bloody idiots couldn’t organise a gang-bang in a whorehouse, thought Spike, as his eyes fell upon the tree in Buffy’s back yard. Frustrated, he stuck a fresh cigarette between his lips, and snapped open his Zippo, lighting up by means of keeping his hands occupied.  That’s it. Five more minutes an’ I’m goin’ in after her. Screw waitin’, I’ll carry her out if needs be. 

Taking a deep drag, Spike blew a steady stream of smoke into the air as he attempted to calm his frayed nerves. This was ridiculous. Self-