evening.”

She waved as she spoke, already on her way to the door. Liam waved halfheartedly, before plonking down on the couch next to Jade.

“So what was it you needed help with again?” Jade asked. Liam scrunched up his nose like a child.

“I don't really want to work yet.”

“Then what do you want to do?” Jade asked patiently. Liam shrugged.

“Chill.”

He switched on the TV and the two of them watched together.

 

After a minute or so, Jade felt Liam’s arm snaking around her shoulder.

“Um…” she wriggled uncomfortably.

“I’m just getting my phone,” Liam quickly assured, taking the phone that was on the side table and retracting his arm. But barely any time had passed before his arm had returned. However Jade decided she didn’t mind – he was warm. She snuggled into his side and he pulled her closer. His finger traced patterns on her arm and eventually lulled her to sleep.

 

Some time later, Jade awoke to the grumbling of her stomach.

“I’m hungry,” she announced croakily.

“What do you want to eat?” Liam asked her. She shrugged and tapped his arm. He lifted it off her and she shuffled to the kitchen, Liam in tow.

She searched the fridge and rummaged through the cupboards but found nothing she particularly wanted. Sighing, she got a glass and went to get water from the tap. But the water pressure was stronger than she had expected. She yelped as water sprayed out forcefully, dowsing her.

 

Liam stared at her, shocked, before he burst into howls of laughter.

“You think this is funny?” Jade cried as water dripped from her clothes. Liam shook his head and tried to apologise but couldn’t bring himself to look at her for more than a second without dissolving into a giggling mess. Jade scowled. Then she got an idea. She filled the glass to the brim then chucked it all at Liam. She placed her hand triumphantly on her hip as his eyes grew wide with his soaking. She couldn’t help sniggering at the little ‘o’ his mouth formed when he was surprised.

“Yeah?” his eyes narrowed. He reached for an unopened two-litre bottle.

“You wouldn’t,” Jade whispered, backing away apprehensively.

“Wouldn’t I?” he grinned wickedly. Twisting the cap off, he hefted the bottle and, with one swift movement, emptied the contents on Jade. She shrieked as he drenched her completely.

 

Jade spat out every curse she knew and lunged for another unopened bottle. But the absurd amount of water on the floor caused her to slip. Her heart rose to her throat preventing her from screaming, from making any sound. She squeezed her eyes shut and waited for the impact with the cold, hard tiles of the kitchen floor. But it never came. Instead Jade felt a pair of strong arms wrap around her.

 

Her eyes flew open. She found herself staring into Liam’s concerned ones.

“Oh my god…Liam,” she gasped, “you…you saved…thank you!”

He shook his head.

“Don't thank me just yet.”

And with that he heaved Jade’s small frame over his shoulder and trudged to the back door.

“Liam, what’re you doing?” Jade demanded. He gave no reply. Suddenly Jade was overpowered by the distinct smell of chlorinated water.

“Put me down, Liam! Let me go!” she screamed and thrashed. Liam chuckled at her feeble attempts. Her cries became more desperate as the chlorine tickled the back of her throat.

 

Suddenly she was hurtling through the air. She barely had time to take in a breath before she was submerged. Water rushed into everywhere possible – her nose, her mouth, her ears. She flailed her limbs wildly until her head broke the surface. She sputtered and coughed and, through her bleary, stinging eyes, she just managed to make out Liam roaring with laughter by the edge of the pool.

“That wasn’t funny!” Jade screeched once she had regained the ability to speak. Liam smiled apologetically. He yanked off his shirt and kicked off his shoes then cannonballed into the pool, causing a massive splash that made Jade sputter all over again. He resurfaced inches from her. His arms snaked around her waist and held her so that her head was comfortably above water level. Jade vaguely registered that Liam’s feet were just about touching the bottom of the pool even though they were in the deep end. He held her until she caught her breath.

“You okay?” he asked genuinely. Jade nodded.

“You kids having fun?”

Their heads whipped round. Nabila, the au pair, was stood next to the house with her arms folded across her chest.

“Nabila!” Jade squealed, swimming to the edge of the pool. Liam lifted her onto the side then hoisted himself out as well.

“How’s my little Geordie gal?” Nabila drawled in their native accent. Jade giggled and went to hug her. Nabila frowned