had was lost in a bashful laugh that he hid in pulling his shirt over his head. What a bad idea, for Sans that was.

As soon as the tshirt cleared his head, Grillby simply reached up to grab the fabric and twist it around Sans' wrists and hands while ignoring the splutters from a very startled skeleton. A wrap and then twist into a simple knot had Sans hands bound above his head and his torso exposed to the flames touch. It was a simple effort of a bend and lift to dump Sans on his back over the counter. Perhaps it would have been better to take this elsewhere but the counter WAS fireproof, the door WAS locked and it was after hours so no one would be coming to knock even if they did know the two were in here. Besides, moving meant losing his opportunity and where would the fun be in that? 

Meanwhile, Sans was trying to figure out how they had gone from point making out A to point my hands are tied in my own shirt B. “Uh Grillby? I had no idea you were such a..kinky flame! What other things do you got stored away huh? This get you..got under the collar?” A weak pun, even given the circumstances and this time, Grillby didn't mind the effort it took for a grin to pull across his face. Especially when Sans shuddered like that at the sight of it. 

“I enjoy many things Sans but this is not about myself. I've noticed you seem to like something, something that you try to hide. I thought that perhaps I should take advantage of the circumstances and...explore that a little bit.” Grillby replied, voice crackling slightly as he bent down to breath superheated air over the bare breastbone. The hard wood of the counter clacked against shuddering bone as Grillby did it again before a molten tongue slid along a rib was music to his ears. He found another reason for doing this here, no neighbors. No one to hear Sans moaning his name or just crying out in pleasure, which meant not only would he avoid the awkward next day looks but he also didn't have to share how delightful his skeleton sounded.

It was quick work to strip him of the rest of his clothes, shorts and slippers dropping to the floor and immediately forgotten in favor of finding new spots for his tongue to dance over. It was mostly fingers that had explored white bones, tongue normally tangled with a glowing blue or tracing the bones along neck and shoulders. Now that he thought about it, those were sensitive but no where near as sensitive as other places and wasn't that just another mark in the 'Sans avoiding things' column. Well he wasn't avoiding now, was he? Grillby wasn't sure he'd ever seen the skeleton this vocal before, was that the reason? He was embarrassed? It was a possibility, he'd been almost tripping over himself their first few dates and confessed to being nervous that he'd ruin things. A trend that extended to other aspects of their dating but it had been quite some time since they'd moved past making out behind the bar when no one was looking.

He wondered what would bring the loudest sounds, the best sounds, new sounds. A flat tongue dragged up the center of his chest earned a groan that he could nearly feel. Wet kisses of lip and tongue along ribs got sharp cries and delightful squirming as if Sans couldn't decide if he wanted to get closer or get away, settling for nearly kicking when he reached the ribs on the bottom. Saliva built up in his mouth to drip off the edge of his tongue, steaming in the cooler air of the bar along the disks of his spine wrung plaintive whines of anticipation broken by loud pants of his name. He rather liked that one quite a bit.

It was however, a bit lower that got his favorite sounds. Fingers curled around thighbones, flames flickering almost blue as he loosened his careful control of his fire and burned hotter and hotter. The hips were very sensitive, he practically had to hold Sans down to trace them with quick flicks of his tongue that left a brief flicker of flame dancing before it went out. Looking over the rim of his glasses, he watched Sans stare down at him with an expression he'd never seen before and wished he could take a picture of. Just so he could look at it again later and remind himself that HE did that. Made the very chill skeleton look like this. Then again perhaps a video tape would be better. A still photograph wouldn't capture the SOUND of it all. The ragged gasping or the way Sans couldn't stop talking even it seemed he didn't have the breath to form full words.

“Grill...fff...C'mon Grillbz please! I can't-ah! Fu~ck Grillby c'mon man please! To~ooh! There! Ri..right there! Touch right...oh Go~!”

Definitely video. Next time.

As it was, neither of them were going to last very long. Stretching