probably right down your condition every day. Medics do that, right? This would be so much better if you were just awake- then you can tell me how you feel so I don't have to play the guessing game."

Without paper, she knew she'd have to improvise. Improvising for her meant writing her sort-of patient's important medical notes in the dirt with a twig because she was this boy's sort-of medic.

"What would a medic have to say about you?" She questioned herself while tapping the thin twig against the dirt. A few pieces of bark broke off of the wood and fell on her clothed knees but she paid it no mind.

"Well first off, I bet they'd be thinking that you're an idiot, getting hurt like that. The best injuries are the ones that only need a band-aid. Didn't anyone ever tell you that? And after that, they'd probably think about how much overtime you're giving them and all that sleep they're going to miss. After that, they'd realise how much extra money they're going to make and I bet they'll be much happier about your stay in their care. They'd have to take notes, too." Nami paused in her speech, smiling at the sky and scratching her chin with her free hand. 

"They'd have to keep it professional since the papers go on record- I think they do, at least- so they wouldn't officially be able to call you out on your stupidity. They'd record your injuries," She muttered, quickly writing out the necessary characters on the ground, deep enough so she didn't have to worry about losing the information when the wind blows.  "Then they'd write what they did and how your body reacted. After that, they'd keep track of the time, I guess." By the time she was done recording everything, her wrist ached and her fingers were tense. In order to distract herself from the pain, she turned back to the boy.

"Do I have to feed you or something? How the hell would that work?"

DAY TWO AS "THIS IDIOT'S" CARETAKER:

The silence of the boy's stomach was unnerving. Nami knew that the boy had to eat just like every other living thing on the planet- everything alive needs some form of nutrition. Or at least water. Her own stomach seems to never stop begging for more food despite the fact that she eats decently every day.

So why has this boy's stomach been so quiet? Shouldn't he still feel hunger? Do people feel hunger when they're asleep? Is this bad for him?

Nami didn't know if it was safe for him to go without food and water after being injured heavily so she decided to just figure out how to feed him anyways.

Better that than have him starve, she thought.

She wasn't entirely sure what a sick person could and could not eat but she did know that since he couldn't feed himself, a soft food would be the easiest for her to get him to swallow. 

"Soft food, soft food." She muttered, pacing back and forth. She didn't have and food on her besides a few fruits and berries- both which he either couldn't eat or wouldn't be enough for even a small snack- and she also didn't have any money to go and buy some from a village.

Nor did she think she could figure out how to carry him with her to a village in the first place. 

"Fish maybe? If I mash it up with water after it's cooked it should be safe enough for you to swallow without choking. Maybe? Possibly?" Nami pulled a face at the thought of watery fish all mashed together. It wasn't something she would ever eat and she doubted this boy would either but it was the best she could do right now. 

If only you were a few pounds lighter and I could just carry you. Or at least drag you, she thought.

DAY THREE AS "THIS IDIOT'S" CARETAKER:

"I bet if you were alive, you'd kill me. And then after you killed me you'd strike a deal with Kami so I wouldn't be allowed to pass on. After that, you'd haunt me even though the ghost is really the one that should be doing the haunting." Her words were hushed as she spoke and her eyes were wide. Nami actually looked scared as she hurried her words, her eyes never straying from the old tree limb lying a few feet behind the boy. 

Meanwhile, the boy, who's stomach was no longer silent but groaning in discomfort, lay motionless. 

"I honestly didn't think the fish would affect you like that, I mean it was practically a restaurant worthy soup! That's good, right? Sure, I thought it looked gross and all but you should never judge something