that" Zayn says trying to pull her back. "Oh yes I can, LIAAAM!"'she waves at her as they getting closer. And Zayn slumps "oh fuck, I hate you" she hisses. "I know" she smirks at her.

 

"Hi, I'm Louis you can call me Lou and this is Zayn"
Zayn waves awkwardly. Liam smiles at her "nice to meet you Lou, Zayn"
"So My friend here wanted to sign to your class, but she's a bit shy" and Zayn wants to kill her.
"So I was thinking if maybe you can give her private lessons" Zayn's eyes go wide and Liam looks between them.Zayn is definitely going to kill her. "Um, well" Liam starts but Louis cuts her off "she gets embarrassed easily and she really wants no. Needs! to learn to defend herself" Zayn pinches her side and Louis bites her tongue so she won't yelp in pain.
"Yeah, um sure what time suits you?" Liam says still looking between them.
Louis answers "she's a morning person, you seem too? Maybe before your classes?" Liam looks at Zayn "uh, yeah that's great, but where should we meet?"
Looking at Zayn again, Louis felt like she did her job "I'll let you two now see you tonight Zayn" Louis said patting her back. Zayn almost whimpered a 'don't leave me'.
Liam cleared her throat to get Zayn's attention "it's going to have to be your home or mine because I don't think you'll like the idea of training in the park?" Liam says smiling.
Zayn blushes "um, yeah.. M-my house is a bad idea too crowded?" With her sisters and relatives coming and going all the time.
"Guess it's gonna be mine then, well actually not mine the Style's? You know them?" Liam asks
"Yeah"
Liam smiles and takes her cellphone out handing it to Zayn so she saves her number. They exchanged numbers "tomorrow then" Liam said smiling as she walked backwards to the gym.
And Zayn feels weak at the knees. 

 

**

 First time they got together it wasn't bad, in the backyard of the styles Leeyum talked her the basics of self defense, "it doesn't matter if you haven't never done sports before, it doesn't matter how big the person attacking you. It doesn't matter because there are weak and really sensitive areas that we all won't handle any attack on them, there is eyes, ears, nose and mouth! No matter how big and strong the person is he'll totally be affected distracted even which will buy you time to run. Also the groin, knees and ankles, easily accessible." And she started to show her how to deal with an attack from the front. "Now what you should do is get your thumbs on my eyes like you are trying to squeeze them. I'll attack you now and first I want to see how you'll try to do it" Zayn takes a deep breath. Liam attacks and holds her shoulders and Zayn gets her hands up from between Liam's arms and thumbs on her eyes, gentle so she doesn't hurt her. "Like that?" Zayn asks voice really low.
"Excellent!" Zayn lifts her thumbs and blushes "Some of the people I train try to lift their arms around mine which will make me easily shove it away. Now next step! The ears" 

**

Liam can't stand how cute Zayn is blushing every time she meets her eyes. And she really doesn't know how strong she is. How beautiful she is! And she thinks No. I don't even know how old is she, she looks so young. Even if she's old enough she must be taken, is that a hickey? Fuck'.
"Um Leeyum?" Liam meets her eyes blinking. "Are we done?"
"Uh, yes. Yes we are" Liam nods to her self still lost in her thoughts.
"Thanks, for um doing this" Zayn says shyly licking her lips 'why does she have to do that a lot?' Turning around to walk into the house.
After couple of seconds Liam walks quickly to catch up with her "Zayn!"
Zayn turns around. "Hey, um I, how old are you?"
"Just turned 17" Zayn answered smiling with a question in her eyes.
Liam 'good' she thinks and nods grinning walking backwards "see you tomorrow" 

She knows it's stupid and it doesn't necessarily mean anything but Zayn's smile keeps getting bigger as she walks back home.

 

**

Second time they meet was two days after, Liam works with her on attacks from behind. There's more touching, and Zayn's really embarrassed afraid and frozen?
Liam keeps laughing chin resting on her shoulder telling her to "hit me,don't worry I can handle it"
"