going to interrupt. To prove me wrong.”

“Yep.”

Keith felt his smile widen. “Of course there are. What are the rules?”

Lance was back to looking determined. And intent. It was a surprisingly good look on him. He held up a finger. “You have to actually be into this. No holding back to make sure you win.”

“Uh-huh. And how do you judge that, exactly?

“Easy. If I’m not a distracted, frustrated, wrecked mess, you lose by default.”

Keith’s mind was suddenly filled with a parade of images of Lance looking exactly like that from midnight fantasies that he wasn’t prepared to admit to. Suddenly this seemed a whole lot more real.  He swallowed and said the only word that came to mind. “Okay.” And wow, he’d never heard his voice sound like that. “What else?”

Lance’s eyes had widened at his assent, but he shook it off and glanced at his still raised finger. “I decide when we stop.” His voice sounded slightly hoarse, and his eyes had darkened when he turned them back on Keith.

“Okay.”

Lance licked his lips. Keith didn’t even try to stop himself from following the motion of his tongue, because apparently this was a thing that was happening. “Anything else?”

“What?” Lance jerked back the hand that had been reaching for Keith and he shook himself. “No. That’s all I’ve got.”

“Mmm.” Keith leaned a little closer and let a smile cross his face. He had no idea what it looked like, but Lance’s reaction was gratifying. “What do I get if I win?”

“What?” Lance blinked, then bit his lip. “I don’t know. Bragging rights?”

He reached out with one hand and tapped Lance on the chest. The other boy jumped at the contact, making Keith’s smile widen. “And if you win?”

“Easy,” Lance told him, voice dropping from slightly hoarse to almost raspy and sending a shiver up Keith’s spine, “we get to finish what we started.”

That did it. Keith’s brain completely shut down, and he tightened the fingers still lingering on Lance’s chest into a fist in his shirt to pull the other boy forward, because he was done talking. Lance let himself be pulled forward willingly, his hands already sliding up Keith’s arms as their lips crashed together. It wasn’t the most graceful first kiss. They were both too worked up already for it to be anything other than messy and painful, but Keith didn’t care. Their teeth clicked together and their noses bumped, and Lance was laughing slightly when he pulled back and used his hands to angle Keith’s head and try again.

The second kiss was better, just a brush of lips with slight pressure that led to a third kiss, and then a fourth, and then Keith stopped counting because Lance gently sucked his bottom lip into his mouth between his teeth and things started to go hazy.

Lance’s fingers dragged down his jaw and neckline and over his shoulders, leaving a tingling trail in their wake until they finally tangled in his hair. Keith’s breath hitched as the fingers pulled, and Lance’s fingers tightened further in response. He scooted closer, climbing over Lance’s legs and straddling his lap to erase any space between them as the kiss deepened. His stomach erupted with butterflies that seemed to be trying to ignite every nerve in his body as Lance made a small sound and dropped his hands to Keith’s waist to pull him closer, adding friction to the pull of his already mostly hard cock against his jeans. He pulled back and mouthed down Lance’s sharp jawline to his throat, too focused on making Lance make that small sound again- or better, a loud sound- to do more than distantly register Lance shoving his jacket back off of his shoulders. He moved his arms to let it fall without detaching himself from Lance’s neck and was rewarded with the feeling of Lance’s hands shoving his t-shirt up to dance along the bare skin of his back.

He let one hand drop in return, shoving up Lance’s shirt to brush his fingers over his abs and hook in the waistband of his jeans as he bit down on the skin just above his collarbone hard enough to leave a mark. Lance moaned softly and thrust up against him, pulling a sound out of Keith that was frighteningly close to a whimper. He pulled back, gulping in air and trying to regain some distance, because public common room, Keith, and made the mistake of looking down at Lance. Lance was leaning back into the cushion Keith had shoved him into, hands fallen to Keith’s hip and breathing heavy. His face was flushed as he stared up at Keith with dazed-looking, half-lidded eyes. It was an even better look on him than the intense and determined one. It was incredibly hot. “Holy crow