'd like to make a burger out of you by sticking my meat between your buns."

"Really?" the Englishman said with an expression of distaste. "I'm not fast food. I expect you to savor the taste."

"Sorry, when I'm around you I can't think straight."

"You'd better not," Arthur retorted, his eyes sparkling merrily. He glanced down at Alfred's towel. "Were you in the Boy Scouts?" he asked with mock innocence.

"Ha! I wasn't really Boy Scout material, you know."

"Too bad. It looks like you're doing a lovely job of pitching a tent."

Alfred resisted the urge to cover his erection. "I had some help," he replied modestly. As the flirting heated up, Alfred began to feel a connection building beyond pure lust. Arthur was handsome, clever, and had a great sense of humor. He was the sort of guy you could take on dates. Alfred had thought about cruising the Y saunas a few times before, but he had never met anyone ripe for a casual, anonymous, one-time fling. Then again, he had never met anyone quite like Arthur. It was the first time he wondered if he should ask for a phone number too. Feeling surprisingly sappy, Alfred decided to change the tone of his standard pick-up lines. "It's a good thing same-sex marriage is legal here," he said with a cheerful grin, "I'm already planning our wedding."

"Ah, it is legal? That's good," Arthur noted, fanning himself as sweat poured down his forehead and darkened the color of his sandy blond hair. "Does it seem really hot in here to you?" he asked.

"I think that's just you," Alfred grinned as he gazed at Arthur through half-lidded eyes. The sauna was hot, but nowhere near as hot as the other man.

"Hmm." Arthur stood up and walked to the door. For a second, Alfred was scared that the other man planned to leave, but instead Arthur flipped the lock. He glanced over his shoulder and gave Alfred a coy look. "So hot in here, I'd best take off my clothes," he said, quoting the wisdom of Nelly. And then he dropped the towel, providing Alfred with a marvelous view of a perfectly toned butt. It looked pink and soft and beautiful. Alfred wanted to rub his hands all over it and caress those tender cheeks. He wolf-whistled and rubbed his hands in anticipation. Arthur smirked over his shoulder and, somehow keeping his front from view, managed to pour a cup of water over the coals, creating a new cloud of steam in the room and increasing the temperature by a few degrees.

The steam also blocked Alfred's view, drawing a disappointed moan from his throat. "Hey, no fair!" he complained.

"Patience," Arthur purred as he stepped through the steam and into the clear air right in front of Alfred. His cock stood completely erect and ready to go, a bit of precum already dripping from the tip. He looked gorgeous.

"Fuck patience." Alfred replied as he tossed off his own towel and reclined on the wooden bench, enjoying the coarse feeling of the wood against his bare back. He wiggled his hips into place and grinned at Arthur. Neither of them had brought lube or a condom, but they still had other options. "Want to frot?"

"I thought you'd never ask," Arthur said, like he was a gentleman accepting a dance at a ball instead of a naked foreigner preparing to rub one out with a complete stranger in a semi-public space. He crawled onto the wooden bench and straddled Alfred about his nice muscular hips, letting their cocks touch and rub together in mutual stimulation. Arthur moaned as he felt Alfred's hands caress his buttocks, groping with abandon.

"They're perfect," Alfred murmured in a low, husky voice, happily squeezing the pert buns. He moved his hands to Arthur's cock as the other man rocked back and forth. The friction was electrifying. Arthur picked up the pace while Alfred wrapped his broad hands around the sliding cocks and began to jerk them both. The Englishman cried out, increasing his speed and throwing back his head as he moaned in pleasure.

Aroused by the throaty, sexy sound, Alfred rocked his hips upward. The heat in the room and the fire in his veins made it difficult to breath or focus on anything other than rubbing them both off. He could feel Arthur's rocking motion become ragged and heard the other man's breath grow fast and uneven. Both men gasped and panted, their faces red and sweating from the heat. Alfred moaned in need and he could tell from his dimming vision that he was approaching the edge. He wanted it to last longer, as long as possible, but he also craved release and the euphoria it brought throughout his body.

With a sharp jerk, Alfred came first into his own hand and