down to his own paranoia. “You think he’s got tabs on us all the time?”

Kozume nodded and then, before Kuroo could reply, he stepped into the sunbeams, melting away from sight. Kuroo frowned before he followed, relishing the small moment of feeling nothing.

 

-xox-

 

The school was sweet with the smell of meat. There were young girls all over and he found himself wanting to feed, like he did every day he was here; yet his feed from last night would hold him over for at least a week, two if he needed it.

 A sick smile covered his face as he thought of the present he had left the Angel. He wondered is Kuroo Tetsurou had figured it out yet. Did Kozume Kenma have any clue at how close he truly was? Did they know he could reveal their identity at any moment, have them recalled and have the game start all over again, with a new Angel?

 The demon shook his head, forcing the smile to fall from himself as he focused on the chalk board at the front of the classroom.

 No, no; toying with Kuroo Tetsurou was too much fun to reveal their identities, for the moment anyway.

 His eyes flickered to a young girl, sitting in the row in front, two to the left. He could smell her from where he sat and his hunger growled low in his throat. The demon shook his head and pushed it away.

 No; young flesh wasn’t what he was here for.

 Feeling out cautiously, he felt the spike of anger from another classroom, and he smiled softly. The demon shifted where he sat, covering his mouth with his hand as he pretended to pay attention.

 The male, the young one – the young ones – they would make good demons. That was what he was here for.

 

-xox-

 

Kuroo and Kozume packed their weekend bags in almost silence. Kuroo could hear the faint thrum of Kozume’s music through the wall next to him and he glanced up at it for a moment.

He if he concentrated and used his Sight, he could see the silver outline of Kozume through the wall.

Kuroo watched as Kozume walked across the room and then bent down, before returning to stand by the wall, by his set of drawers.

His Sight was definitely working on angels but the question Kuroo was asking himself was – had the demon been on the roof with him last night? Had his Sight failed him? He had heard stories of angels losing their Sight – their one weapon in the war with the demons.

The Sight allowed the angels to see the outline of anyone or any creature in the vicinity; different colours meant a different creature.

There was the argument that perhaps the demon had managed to find a way to cloak himself from the Sight itself; and Kuroo wouldn’t put it past him. In the two years they’d been chasing him, he had become much more advanced, smarter with every kill.

In fact, the only way Kuroo knew each kill was his, was the necklace he left behind every time; catch me next time if you can.

The necklace around Kuroo’s neck seemed to throb and he cursed under his breath and slammed a drawer shut.

He hated being toyed with, like a rat trapped in a cage by a cat.

“Calm down.”

Kuroo jumped at the sound of Kozume behind him and he swung around, glaring. “You’re going to do that one day and I’m going to try and kill you thinking you’re a demon.”

Kozume grinned a little and pulled the weekend bag onto his shoulder. “C’mon. I checked with Yamamoto. The bus leaves in about twenty minutes. At least they got us an apartment close to campus.”

Kuroo smiled weakly and nodded. He let Kozume walk out the room and then he quickly opened the drawer he used for socks. His hand closed around the small velvet bag he hid in there and he pulled it out. The delicate four leaf clover charms inside clicked together, making a dull sound.

Kuroo frowned and slid it into his pocket before zipping his weekend bag closed and following Kozume. They immediately fell into an argument over who the best human realm singer was and made their way to the bus.

 

-xox-

 

The people in the house were asleep and the demon sat up from his bed. He listened intently, and heard two sets of breathing. A smile crossed his face.

Moving to the window, still fully dressed, the demon pulled the window open and slipped outside.

 A visit to one of the young boys… That’s what he would do.

 After all, toying with his victims was always his favourite thing to do.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Tsukishima Kei was considered a good looking 16 year old. He was tall, muscular, with good looking features. His blond hair was always styled messily, but intentionally. His honey brown eyes were usually bright with annoyance and irritation, but this time, they were filled with fear and interest as the gossip went around the classroom.

“Nekoma got shut