. Mary's hospital, where he met Junmyeon, his best friend. Yixing was the best of the best, the most elite of the doctors. There was nothing he couldn't heal, even minds. He had never taken any sort of psychology classes, but when he was the only one that was able to convince a rather arrogant war veteran that he shouldn't continue living in the past, people saw him as a saint.  He has some sort of charm that was indescribable, it was a lure at some sort, almost magic like.

Being a doctor was busy, of course, but that never stopped him from pursuing his love for music. Even as a professional doctor, the dimpled man couldn't retain himself from breaking into song or a dance chorus every so often during work.

Yixing was twenty-two when he felt like he should be doing more with his life. He had everything; a well-paid job, a handful of close friends,  along with the many satisfied patients that owe Yixing for saving their lives. But Yixing still felt like he could do more. He was like a candle, he wouldn't mind burning himself if it would give others light. He was too nice for his own good.

As angelic and perfect as he seems, everybody has made mistakes, even if they are unaware that they have.
---------------------------------------------------------

"Hey, Xing-ah, come look at this," Junmyeon shouted across the office. His eyes were still trained on the paper when he heard soft thuds against the carpeted floor.

"What is it?" Yixing asked when his fluffy black locks made an appearance above Junmyeon's cubicle.

"The same asylum with the fire is back in the papers, funny how reporters say that most of the patients are still there. It's been 5 years." Junmyeon chuckled, obviously in disbelief.

Yixing gasped, barely audible to Junmyeon who was talking to himself.

"I suppose people could have sent them food, it seems logical enough."

"Yeah...he...amazing how they managed to survive." Yixing hesitated. He was twiddling with his fingers briefly, but this small action didn't escape Junmyeon's expert sight. He is an ophthalmologist, of course.

There was a strange feeling in Yixing's gut. He desperately wanted to help.

Junmyeon set the newspapers beside his coffee and leaned towards Yixing, "Yixing, are you okay?"

"Yeah! O-Of course I'm fine!" Yixing replied in a flash. Which made things more obvious to Junmyeon.

"No, you're not, is anything bugging you? is it that annoying nurse that keeps trying to get your number again? I can tell her-"

Yixing's cheeks reddened in a matter of seconds, a person would have to blind to be unable to notice the change of color on his usually white skin.

"NO! Junmyeon! It's not that! I'm fine!" Yixing squeaked and Junmyeon almost choked on his coffee.

"Then what is it?"

"N-Nothing, I was just thinking that maybe it would be a good idea if we try and get these patients away from that asylum, I don't think its healthy for them to be living so far away from society. It's located in the middle of a forest for Christ's sake!" Yixing stated while flailing his arms in the air for emphasis. Junmyeon chuckled at the younger's cuteness.

"Well I guess you do have a point, what are you going to do about it?"
---------------------------------------------------------

"Yixing-ah, are you sure about this? I mean, going to an abandoned asylum sounds pretty dangerous. And besides, we need you here at the hospital!" Junmyeon explained, a worried expression painted across his face. "You should at least let me go with you".

"Don't worry Junmyeon, I think I can reason with them. And I don't think it's a good idea if both of the head doctors left the hospital unwatched, the staff needs someone to give them orders. I think it would be better if I went along while you stayed and managed things. I have faith in you." He placed his right hand on Junmyeon's shoulder and gave him a dimpled smile. A smile no one could resist.

Junmyeon sighed, "Well if you insist, but please be careful, it is an abandoned asylum after all. Who knows how the patients will react to foreigners."

"I will," Yixing grinned as he walked through the double doors of the hospital and made his way out.

He headed home to pack for his journey, he had no idea how long it would take him to get to the asylum, convince them and return in one piece.
---------------------------------------------------------

Yixing left his apartment at dawn with nothing but a backpack filled with extra clothes, food, and water. He wore his mother's pendant, it was one of a kind. His mother had given it to him before he left Changsha, it acted as a constant reminder of home and a good luck charm.

It