and proceeded down the path to the main way out of the valley.

Silent as a shadow, Erestor suddenly made his presence known. “You wish sometimes that you were going with them.”

“I...” Glorfindel waved and blew a kiss to Gildor as the elf-lord turned his mount around to check on the progress of those near the rear of the group. Gildor caught the movement out of the corner of his eye and gave Glorfindel a bit of a wave with his hand before attending to his followers once again. “I used to.” Glorfindel took in Erestor’s slightly surprised expression. “Each time they leave, I consider going to the stables and leaping on Asfaloth and riding out after them.”

“And yet you have not,” observed Erestor quietly.

Glorfindel watched as the caravan continued to retreat from the house. “Something I have come to realize,” said Glorfindel, “is that, although he and I may be lovers...” Glorfindel nodded in the direction of the wanders, not knowing quite where Gildor was in the pack now, “...you and Elrond and Celebrian and the children, Lin and Mel included, are my family. And this,” he said, turning around to look at the house, “is my home.”

Erestor had to turn away for a moment so that he could secretly wipe away a straying tear from the corner of his eye.

The twins and Arwen go exploring

“I am bored, I am bored, I am bored, I am bored, I am bored,” Arwen said, repeating her mantra over and over again to her brothers as the three walked down the main stairway of the house.

That morning at breakfast, the twins had been asked to watch their sister for the day, for their mother had business to attend to, as did their father, and the nanny had taken a month’s leave. Elrohir had suggested that they could simply lock her in a closet for the duration of the day so that they did not lose her; Elladan’s idea had not been nearly as nice. They were reminded, as so often they were, that neither was too big for their father to put over his knee if anything should happen to Arwen. Further instruction was then given that they were not allowed to leave the house, just in case they got an idea in their head to leave her in a tree or nudge her into the river.

After suggesting numerous games that Arwen declined interest in and offering to take her to the Hall of Fire to listen to the minstrels practice, the twins began to aimlessly wander about the house with her in tow. Their hope was that she would become tired and want a nap. Instead, they succeeded only in making her cranky.

“Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored, bored, bored, bored, bored, bored- wait!” Arwen stopped abruptly, nearly tumbling down the stairs. “We cannot go down here!”

“Why not?” asked Elladan, pulling a candle from the holder on the wall. “This is part of the house, too.”

Arwen whined and held onto the door with one hand while she wrapped the other around Elrohir’s leg. “Noo-oooo... it is too dark! And there are spiders.”

“And creeps and crawlies, too,” added Elrohir with delight as he, too, took one of the candles. He managed to free himself from Arwen’s grasp as he took a step down into the basement.

“I do not want to go down there!” she shouted as Elladan walked past.

“You had better hurry, then,” called Elladan over his shoulder. “Nana said you had to stay with us, and we are going into the basement.”

“Mmmmmnnnhhhhnnnn... you cannot leave me here!” protested Arwen as Elladan continued to disappear into the dark depths as Elrohir had. “I am so little!”

“Then come on!” yelled Elrohir from the darkness.

Taking a deep breath, Arwen mustered all of her courage and boldly took a few steps forward. The basement door swung shut behind her with a loud bang, and she let out a little scream and raced down the steps until she knocked into Elladan. She clung to his arm as they walked to the bottom of the stairs.

“Fraidycat,” remarked Elrohir as he held out his candle to get a better look around. Arwen grunted and lunged forward to hit him, but Elladan held her back. “Look at all this cool old stuff,” he said, wandering past broken, forgotten furniture and dull shields and armor that were too rusted to be of use. Lining the little rooms that made up the basement were smaller areas divided off into closet-sized compartments. These were constructed using old boards and a few nails, and each of them had a little door that was secured with a latch and a lock. Some of the locks had rusted shut, while some had failed and fallen open. A few looked well cared for, and the trio began to look for the spots where the locks had opened.

“How about this one?” she asked, pointing out another that they came to with a broken