resting on his lips. Now Eijun has to beg for forgiveness at his insult.


Reading thoughts? Making the gravity vanish? Weird looking clothes, hat, wooden stick? He really is a magician.


In a blink of the eye, everything fell down, so did Eijun, banging on the wooden floor.

"You could have let me down more gently!" Eijun hissed in pain.

"1-1, you insulted me, I banged you to the floor." 

Eijun didn't have a proper reply for this, so he groaned and shut himself up. 

"Let's call it a night. We'll talk about everything tomorrow, both of us are going to Eterralian either ways."

"Huh?? How did--err," Eijun almost forgot he can read thoughts "you too?"

"Well, of course." 

"Why?"

"I will tell you tomorrow."

"But--" 

Haruichi snapped his fingers and the oil lamp went off, "goodnight~".

♛

⚜ BORDER OF ETERRALIAN, AT DAWN.

Eijun was sleeping soundly, with all the warm blankets over him, but suddenly, cold started to find its way to him. Didn't he have some warm blankets over him a second ago? Eijun shivered in response, he folded his arms and brought his knees up to his chest, he resisted to the urge of opening his eyes and gave up to a stronger urge, the one to let him sleep again, even if he felt like he was sleeping on the air.


Bang!


This time, he really had to open his eyes, he was banged over the floor, he quickly sat up and was about to begin complaining, but the blanket fell over his face, shutting him up, he kept murmuring in annoyance, when the culprit was folding his arms, having his time giggling over his victim as he watch him complain.

"Good morning, Eijun-kun." Haruichi pointed his wooden stick at the blanket that Eijun kept struggling with, he raised his wrist up, and in response the blanket flew up, moving the stick to the right, then the left, and swinging it in circles, the blanket was folded in a tidy way, and placed over the bed. 

Eijun clicked on his tongue "Good morning, my ass! Who the hell wakes up at this time?"

"We do not have any other choice. We need to be there by midday." 

"Then we can use your magic!"

"I love taking the hard ways."

"Bastard.." Eijun murmured under his teeth and got up, pulling some other clothes from his own bag, he walked to the room door to go wash up when he heard Haruichi singing like I can hear you~ in the back, EIjun rolled his eyes, deciding to ignore him. 

♛

They began to walk to Eterralian. Eijun had to admit, having a company to travel with him was much nicer than being all alone, he also wanted to know more about the magician. No matter how you think of it, the only thing that made him look like a magician was his purple colored clothes and cape, with all the stars and suns on them, not to mention his magical wooden stick. He was also short, he looked quite young as well to be a magician.

"So, where did you come from?" Eijun asked, deciding to continue the talk they had the day before.

"Harennon, know of it?"

"Err--"

"Oh, never mind, I read your thoughts." Haruichi giggled "Well, Harennon lies on the other side of the sea," Haruichi pointed at the northeast "I'm pretty sure you are wondering about how I came here, and I gladly assure you that I came by no boat, but by this buddy." Haruichi held the edge of his cape in his fist and raised it up to Eijun.

"You said you loved taking the hard ways!"

"This is hard! What if I lost control of it? I will obviously die drowning!"

"You can swim, or something!"

Haruichi jumped then stopped his walk, looking at his feet, Eijun did too, could swear that he saw him blushing, as he puffed his cheeks, the young magician looked both annoyed and embarrassed.

"You can't?" Eijun tried his best not to laugh, he covered his lips with his fingertips. Haruichi kept puffing his cheeks, he walked towards Eijun and soon passed by him, with his cape flying behind him, he was banging his feet to the sand at every step he takes. Eijun now, for sure, knew Haruichi's weakest point.

Haruichi soon got over his embarrassment and started talking to Eijun again, continuing from where he stopped. 

"Harennon is known as the Kingdom of Magic. In each family in the kingdom, there must be at least one magician, and maybe all the family are magicians."

"Hm, was all your family magicians?"

"Nope, only me and someone else."

"Then, why did you not just stay at Harennon?"

"It's useless for the magician to stay at one kingdom."

"Are you going to work as