since Eijirou works with Denki, he never feels like he’s under that type of extreme seriousness anymore, even when he makes mistakes, Denki just casually teases him, not like those  other directors that usually yelled at him when he does that.

Then not just his works, but Eijirou begins to feel interested in Denki himself. 

Honestly, before he met Denki, Eijirou never really cared what most directors would think of him, as long as he played his role perfectly, he doesn’t really care about those directors would see him as.

But now, all Eijirou can think is the opinions of his director, Denki. Eijirou doesn’t even care about perfection anymore as long as his director is satisfied with his acting. Something like that is already enough for him.

Then after a while, Eijirou just can’t help it anymore. His heart begins to beat faster whenever Denki flashes his smile, and even just looking at Denki already make Eijirou happy. 

He didn’t feel this type of feeling for a very long time, because just after he debuted as an actor, all he ever cared about was his job. Eijirou never really bothered to even have a relationship with anyone at all after that.

And suddenly, he feels something like this toward his own director makes him really determined to actually get Denki’s heart.

Call it absurd, Eijirou doesn’t care.

But honestly tho. Who would have guess that Denki actually can be this extremely interesting?

Eijirou remembers the first time he tried to make a move toward the sweet blonde boy.

The red hair cornered Denki on the wall, both hands were beside Denki’s cheeks. Eijirou could see the startled look on Denki’s face.


“E-Eijirou?”


That was the first time he heard Denki’s voice cracked, Eijirou also saw the change of color on the blonde’s cheeks. It was the first time Eijirou saw Denki blushed.

Honestly, that was not the reaction Eijirou actually expected.

The red head expected that Denki would just play along, he expected Denki to say playful and teasing words. Because that what Denki always does.

But that time, Denki wasn’t anything like he actually is.

Eijirou looked at Denki closely, and suddenly he felt even more intrigued than before, he even felt curious then.

He wondered while looked at Denki’s face, is there anything else that you have been hiding other than this type of expression?

And just after that, he kissed–correction–almost kissed the director.

Just right before he could kiss Denki, the blonde boy covered Eijirou’s mouth.

The red head blinked a few times as he looked at Denki’s face again, he meant, yeah the shorter male still had a blush on his face, the red head could see that. But what not Eijirou actually expected even more, was the sudden aggressive tone that came out from Denki’s mouth.


“What do you think you’re doing?”


Eijirou still remembered the glare he received, the first time he actually got glared by Denki.

The red head male felt like chuckling at that moment, instead of feeling intimidated, Eijirou actually felt entertained.

Now, Eijirou knows that Denki isn’t just another playful and straightforward person.

In fact, Denki is so much more than just that. 

And it makes Eijirou feels really interested.


“Not the reaction I actually expected from you, Denki-san. But it’s okay, those reactions are actually even better. I love it.”


Eijirou smirks in satisfaction as he remembers the time he said that to his own director while still caging him between the wall and Eijirou’s body.

“What’s up with that disgusting expression of yours?” Eijirou heard a familiar voice coming closer to him.

“Oh hey Katsuki,” Eijirou shows a grin “So how was it? How was your first kiss scene felt like? Was Izuku good?”

Katsuki sits on the couch across Eijirou “That nerd was actually so fucking bad at kissing.” There’s a smirk on his face.

“Is that so?” Eijirou raises his eyebrow “But you look like you really enjoyed it.”

Katsuki moves his fingers to touch his own lips.

“That fucking nerd. He better prepare himself.” He murmurs.

Eijirou chuckles at that “Oh, so you finally admit that you like him too now?”

“I didn’t fucking say anything about liking anyone shit-for-brains!” Katsuki says out loud after moving his fingers away from his lips.

“Right, right,” Eijirou nods a few times “Denial as ever, huh?”

“You better shut your damn mouth or I might actually kill you at this very moment,” 

Eijirou smirks “Oh, will you?”

This fucking shit. Katsuki thought while gritting his teeth. 

“You motherfu–” “Eijirou-kun, it’s time for you to change your clothes. Your scene will be next.”

Eijirou makes a mocked grin toward Katsuki that saying you-can’t-kill-me-now.

Katsuki is seriously about to explode, his face is red and he has been clenching