just how nice Baekhyun really was. He has an inviting and welcoming aura around him that draw all types of people to him. He’s the kind of guy that fits perfectly for an RA. Friendly, always willing to help, putting others before himself, are just some of the things Chanyeol can list off the top of his head.

 

 

But what Chanyeol finds baffling about him, what he can’t seem to figure out about the Musical Performance major with the cute dog and button nose, is what his intentions are behind his touches, the way he lets his gaze linger on Chanyeol, or how he doesn’t mind when Chanyeol crowds into his space or how he gives into Chanyeol’s over comfortable way of demanding some sort of physical affection.

 

 

It’s not really Chanyeol’s place to say, he hasn’t known Baekhyun long enough, and the small amount of interactions he’s seen between his RA and other residents or students on campus aren’t really sufficient to go off of. But he will concede it’s kind of strange how although Baekhyun is noticeably friendly to everyone he talks to, he doesn’t go out of his way to leave a lingering hand on their shoulder, or lets his gaze stick on them for what’s longer than normal. Not like how he does with Chanyeol.

 

 

Sometimes Chanyeol finds himself thinking about it more often than he’d like to admit. He’d narrowly avoided being questioned when Baekhyun turned away from his brief conversation with a classmate to find Chanyeol dead staring at him, turning away once he realized he had been caught.

 

 

“Seems like someone was staring.” Baekhyun throws an arm over Chanyeol’s shoulder as they sit, and Chanyeol rolls his eyes to mask his embarrassment. “What, am I that handsome? Don’t tell me you’re developing a crush.”

 

 

It takes every ounce of his being not to flush. With an air of indifference, he turns to face the brunette and gives him a quick look before shaking his head. “In your dreams. Although, I wonder,” he leans forward into Baekhyun’s space with a small teasing smile, “How long is it gonna take you to realize there was something in your teeth the whole time you were talking?”

 

 

The way Baekhyun freaks out and makes a break for the bathroom leaves Chanyeol snickering under his breath. He only slumps over Baekhyun, laughing and slapping his own knee when he returns with a pout, finding out there was nothing in his teeth, and that Park Chanyeol is being an ass. Only once Chanyeol stops laughing to give him a bright smile does Baekhyun reflect with his own, pulling the younger close with an arm around his waist.

 

 

-

 

 

“So like, are you and Baekhyun going out yet?” Jongdae asks absentmindedly as he taps at his phone. He invited himself over to Chanyeol’s, and is lounging comfortably on his bed as they both of them waiting for their pizza to come.

 

 

Chanyeol sits up from the other side of his bed, giving Jongdae a strange look before shaking his head. “Um, no? What gave you that idea?”

 

 

Jongdae drops his phone to the side in disinterest. “I don’t know, the fact that whenever you’re not with me, you’re with him.” He gives his friend a toothy grin, one to which Chanyeol pretends he doesn’t see.

 

 

“Well, he likes to follow me around. He’s like a puppy. And he’s fun, so I don’t really mind.”

 

 

“And because you like him.” Jongdae laughs when Chanyeol glares at him, throwing a pillow in his direction.

 

 

“I do not like him. He’s fun, and he is cute. But we’re just friends.” The conversation sounds like something straight out of a teen drama, and Chanyeol wants to cringe.

 

 

“Friends who suck each other off.”

 

 

Chanyeol would jump Jongdae, but his friend is effectively saved by the sound knocks on his door, and the aroma of a fresh baked pizza wafting from the other side of the door.

 

 

Before Jongdae returns to his apartment, he leans at the doorway giving Chanyeol a cheshire grin. “Tell me when you guys finally make it official. I have a bet that I can’t afford to lose.” He narrowly avoids being pelted by another pillow when he slams the door, his loud cackles drifting from the hallway.

 

 

He’s such a shithead, Chanyeol thinks to himself as he sits on his bed.

 

 

-

 

 

“Relax your jaw a bit.” Baekhyun groans, relishing in the whine Chanyeol lets out as he presses his hips more towards Chanyeol’s face.

 

 

They’re currently in one of the back rooms in the music building, one used as storage for the spare chairs and sheet music stands. It’s a bit dark, but Baekhyun manages to find a small lamp in the corner to help aid with Chanyeol’s sight.

 

 

He’s leaned up against one arms of the old couch shoved in the room, fingers carding through Chanyeol’s re-dyed hair,