raised a brow.

“Oh really? Does that mean I’m getting something special?” This time you leaned towards the camera slightly, exposing a decent amount of cleavage and you gradually began to slide your hands down your thighs. 

“Maybe. Maybe not.” You sat back and giggled as you watched Spencer visibly sigh at the loss of your exposed flesh on the screen. “You’ll have to wait and see.”

“You’re a tease.” He feigned offense before smiling warmly and you felt a little sadness rain over you.

“I miss you. So much.” You sighed, pulling your knees up to your chin you folded into yourself for some comfort.

“I know. I miss you too Y/N.” There was a long pause, the both of you sat staring at your screens longingly until Spencer broke the silence. “What time is it there? 1am?”

“Yeah it is, I didn’t realise how late it had got I was just waiting to talk to you.” You were genuine in your reply and knew deep down you’d have stayed awake all night if it meant you got see his face. “You should get some rest too.”

“I will. I love you, goodnight angel.” Spencer blew a kiss to the camera. “Four more sleeps.”

“Four more sleeps. I love you too. Goodnight.” You blew a kiss back and ended the call, it was safe to say you were going to sleep much better tonight.


Three more sleeps.


You slept in late, a little too late as you rushed to meet your best friend for lunch and to take on the crowds as you completed your Christmas food shop. After long queues and a small altercation with a woman over the last set of seasonal placemats you had made it back home with all your purchases stored away. It was time to start preparing your kitchen and baking sweet treats, a favourite part of the holidays for you. 

The glorious scents of baked cookie dough, pumpkin and cinnamon wafted through the air and by the time 11pm came around, your apartment could have resembled a classic bakery in smell. Stored away were numerous Christmas themed cookies in various festive shapes, gingerbread cooled in preparation for the building of a gingerbread house and of course, you hadn't forgotten Spencer's love for pumpkin pies. 

Everything was beginning to come together perfectly and you couldn't wait for him to come back home to you. You slept soundly, drifting off into dreams of heartfelt wishes and mistletoe kisses.


Two more sleeps.


It was present wrapping day. You set about organising your gifts into visible piles and spread out across your living room floor. Sheets of wrapping paper, boxes of bows and reels of ribbon surrounded you in a sea of glitter and sparkles and you enjoyed every second of making each gift look perfect and personalised.

Soon enough, piles of neatly wrapped gifts sat beneath your tree and some were carefully packed in a large gift bag ready for delivery. You needed to drop in and we your brother and his family followed by visiting few friends with their presents.

Time was ticking but you were having a moment, curled up on the couch with your head buried deep in a cashmere cushion. You had planned to Skype with Spencer at lunch time but the awful weather, snow sleet and ice cold winds were affecting the Internet connection in your neighbourhood and you'd had no joy. You couldn't help but feel an awful wave of sadness crush you, it’d had been the loneliest you could ever recall feeling at this point in December and although you knew it was temporary and so close to being over, you felt devastated.

Eventually you'd completed the rounds, spending a lovely afternoon with your family and friends full of laughter, freshly baked cookies and far too much candy. By the time you arrived back to your apartment it was almost 10pm and you bounded into your bedroom to change into your onesie, absolutely shattered. As tired as you were, you knew there was no way you were going to sleep anytime soon. 

You sighed in content, your favourite Christmas movie played as you swiped through your phone's photo album, grinning at the goofy pictures of you and Spencer. His entire existence made you giddy and you loved every single part of him, his perfect brown eyes and exquisite jawline to his unique habits and unwavering loyalty, there were so many reasons you loved him so. You could barely breathe as you were completely overcome with joy and excitement, you were going to make it to Christmas Eve and when you did, well that meant you had only one more sleep.


One more sleep.


This was the day you’d been dreading, the day that would always have been the longest and the night that would have been even longer. How was it possible for this 24 hours to be different from any other 24 hours? But still, the excitement was building for both of you to the point where neither had been able to resist contact.

Each and every time your phone buzzed there was a cuter message than the last, starting with ‘I miss you, can’