what?”


 


Haru looked into the water, his blue eyes reflecting the ripples the light breeze created. “You can meet my family, but they’re different.”


 


Makoto almost screamed in excitement, but the last part stopped him short. “How different?”


 


Haru’s gaze turned back to Makoto and he looked almost sad, “You’ll see.”


 


…………..


 


Okay, this was not what Makoto meant by meeting Haru’s family. They were calling them. Fucking calling Haruka’s parents. How the fuck was meeting your boyfriend’s parents for the first time by phone acceptable?


 


The call actually wasn’t that bad, they were nice and seemed to like Makoto, but still. He wanted a real meeting.


 


“Oh Makoto-kun, honey, you have got to come with Haruka this christmas to visit us!” Haru’s dad exclaimed across the receiver.


 


That’s more like what Makoto wanted. “I’d love to sir. If Haru is okay with it…?” He looked over to Haru, who was sitting next to him on their bed with a dead look in his eyes.


 


Haru hesitated a moment, and then shrugged. His emotionless eyes focused in the floor.


 


“Did he say yes? He’s not much one for words,” Haru’s other dad said.


 


Makoto nodded before remembering he wasn’t actually looking at them. Again, what the fuck. “He said sure. I’m excited to finally get to meet you.”


 


“Us too, son. Haruka only mentioned you two had finally gotten together a few months ago, and we’ve been dying to see you,” One of the other men said.


 


Makoto agreed and they ended the call after that. It was the middle of summer and Christmas was a long way off, but that did stop him from being excited and he’d be lying if he said he didn’t ravish Haru in every way he knew he loved that night.


 


……………….


 


Makoto’s excitement didn’t fade in the slightest the next three months, and neither did his smugness towards Rin. It was nice to finally be able to do the ‘I told you so’ dance, and the money he got wasn’t too bad either.


 


Now that it was finally the Christmas season and snow was covering the ground, Makoto had to occasionally stop Haru from jumping into the below freezing ocean. Which is exactly what he was doing right now.


 


“Haru no, you’ll get hypothermia,” Makoto groaned as he tugged on his boyfriend’s jacket.


 


“Water,” Haru moaned, his eyes trained on the rolling waves.


 


“No, Haru, we’re going to be late for our train. C’mon, don’t your parents have an indoor pool?” Makoto gave one last tug, and Haru relented. They fell back in step together with Haru casting longing glances and the salty water. The indoor pool comment worked somewhat.


 


The ride was quick and a little aggravating because of the American Christmas carols, that literally no one understood the point of, blasting through the train car.


 


Haru didn’t show it, but Makoto could tell he was nervous. The other’s usually passive and dead expression not as dead and not as passive. Makoto reached his hand over and grabbed Haru’s, lacing their fingers together and holding tight.  


 


That’s how they show up at Haru’s parents house, with their bags in their unoccupied hands.


 


Haru turned to Makoto just before they rang the bell, his eyes wide and anxious. Makoto started to get worried. “I told you my family was different, right?”


 


Makoto nodded. His eyebrows scrunching.


 


“Good. Don’t say anything about it and don’t mention how I look,” Haru rang the bell and turned to stare at the door.


 


“Don’t say anything about what?” Makoto asked, but before he could answer, the door opened and his jaw dropped almost straight through the earth to the US.


 


In the doorway stood two big men with dark skin and a small child with the same dark skin.


 


“Hello!” One of them greeted.


 


“Hi dad,” Haru muttered and accepted the hugs from the men.


 


“Oh, Haruka, you sure did choose a hot one,” the man who wasn’t hugging Haru said and grabbed Makoto for a tight hug. He pulled away and said, “My name’s Brad, Makoto-kun.”


 


Makoto bowed at much as he could and was pulled into another tight hug by Haru’s other dad, who introduced himself as Chad. “It’s good to finally meet you, sirs,” Makoto said and bowed again at both.


 


The two man laughed and half bowed back. Brad turned to the small child waiting in the doorway, shivering, “Oh, Ash, why don’t you come say hi to your brother’s boyfriend.”


 


Chad walked over and picked Ash up, bring the child over to Makoto. “Say hi, Ash,” He instructed, lifting Ash’s arm in a waving formation