I guess maybe you should be worried.”

“Harry, I didn’t mean to-”

“To what? Insult me?”

Zayn leans back hard in his chair like he’s been smacked. That doesn’t stop Harry though. “Don’t forget that I want to be here….. Helping you. And last I checked I was doing pretty well under pressure, so get off my back. Alright? Because like you, I can handle myself.” Zayn doesn’t know what to say or maybe he does and just doesn’t know how to start. “I gotta go.”

Zayn nods. “Okay” Harry turns to leave and Zayn starts to dig into his bag, pulling out a book and highlighter in the process.

“Oh and Zayn?” Harry’s at the door now, gripping the handle tight, his bag hanging from his shoulder. Zayn looks up, book in hand, already flipping through pages a question in his eyes, brow furrowed. Harry watches him for a second, eyes blinking slowly” no one’s forcing me to be here.”

“Harry -I”

“Stop treating me like I don’t know what I’m doing.” He looks angry. Harry hates being angry and Zayn knows that. “Look” he sighs “I’ll be home after class.” Harry doesn’t give Zayn a chance to respond he leaves before Zayn can even really process anything.

*****

 


“I got an extra ticket to see Drake in concert this Saturday night.” Zayn clears his throat and avoids looking at Harry as they both drop down on one of the school yard benches they usually chill on after school.
 



"What happened to Rebecca?” Harry’s eyebrow is cocked, head tilted to the side waiting for an answer. He knows he’ll probably have to drag it out of Zayn anyway.
 



Zayn shrugs his shoulders. “Nothing, we just decided to….” He shrugs his shoulders again and decides not to finish his sentence and he still won’t look at Harry.



Harry sighs “what did you do?” He doesn’t sound accusing, Harry just knows his best friend.



Zayn puts his hand to his chest “why would you assume I’ve done something?” Harry just looks at him. Zayn rolls his eyes “she may have gotten it in her head we were exclusive.” Harry just blinks “what?!”



“Zayn….” Harry closes his eyes he can only shake his head. “Who did she catch you with?” Harry’s not stupid.
 It’s silent for a bit and Zayn still won’t look Harry directly in the eye. “Rebecca was a really nice girl, why-”



“Hey, I’m 17. I can’t be tied down, she got too clingy.” Zayn pulls a single cigarette from his front jacket pocket and lifts it to his mouth. “Beside….” Harry’s staring at him. “Only clingy person I like is you.”



“Oh, ha, ha, ha real funny.” He pushes Zayn hard and then scoots closer to him on the bench, watching as Zayn laughs and rights himself. “Anyway that’s tomorrow Zayn and I’m supposed to go to a Mumford & Sons concert with Nick.” Zayn makes a face. “But I could cancel.”



Zayn smiles. “You don’t have to do that babe…. not if you really don’t want to.” Zayn makes a face “I know Drake is not your thing, so-”
 



"Yeah, I know.” Harry lays his head on Zayn’s shoulder “but you don’t want to go alone.”



Zayn lays his head atop Harry’s “I could find someone.”



Harry laughs softly “Zayn, you don’t really like anyone but me and Liam. And since Liam is vacationing with his family that leaves only me.”



Zayn smacks Harry’s arm lightly and moves away. “Don’t say it like that babe.”



“What did I say?” Harry looks confused and moves back into Zayn’s space.



Zayn makes room and puts his arm back around Harry’s waist. “Like….” he starts. “Like you know you’re not my fallback right?"



“Zayn come on.”



“You’re never my fallback choice Harry.” Harry just looks at him “I like hanging with you.”



Harry’s eyes get huge as he looks at Zayn. “Would you hang with me at a Mumford & Sons concert?”



Zayn’s eyes widen. “I- I mean if you wanted me to… Then yeah, I would.” Harry smiles and lays his head back on Zayn’s shoulder. “Yyyou don’t- you don’t want me to do you?”



Harry can hear the shutter in Zayn’s voice and can’t help but laugh. “No Zayn, you don’t have to.” He looks up at Zayn. “Nick can take Cara or whoever.” He shrugs his shoulders “who cares, I got a Drake concert to go to.”
 



"Harry-”
 



"Zayn,