had a different dynamic in those late moments, much more wry and playful than any other moment they were seen together like now.  Tom watched the two load a tray of cookies into the oven as they talked about what to decorate them with.  The main difference between their conversation those nights and now was a severe lack of cat and bread puns, he decided.   4.  “Marinette, I have major news!” Alya called loudly as she burst into the bakery one evening, out of breath. She rushed towards the stairs up to the house, but doubled back towards Sabine at the cashier counter, smiling in apology at the startled customers in line. “Hi, Sabine! Sorry to barge in.”  “No problem, dear. Marinette should still be upstairs,” Sabine warmly greeted back. She chose not to comment on the veil of tension over Alya's expression.  Behind her, Sabine could hear the thudding footfalls of Marinette rushing down the steps, hearing a small gasp when she audibly missed a step down the stairs. Looking worse for wear, she was breathing even harder than Alya by the time she popped through the doorway into the bakery.  “Sorry, Alya, I fell asleep.” Marinette wiped at her forehead with the back of her hand. “What’s the scoop?”  Alya pulled Marinette back into the doorway to the stairwell while tapping at her phone. “I think it's best we step out for this.”  It hadn't even taken a second for everyone’s second scare of the day as Marinette screeched from the stairs.  “YOU-!” Sabine heard a thud and a pained groan as Marinette most likely kicked her foot into a step. “Alya you CAN’T post that! When...no, HOW did you get that?”  Their voices drifted away and the sound of her trap door faintly shut above them. The other customers in the shop shifted their eyes away to their phones or the pastries on their trays.  Alya came down the stairs again a couple hours later, passing through the bakery to pick up a couple macarons for her sisters. She munched on one as Sabine boxed the rest of them.  “Everything okay from earlier?” she finally inquired as Alya finished her last bite.  Alya looked puzzled for a second before her eyebrows shot up.  “Oh, right, earlier! Yeah, that was weird…” Alya took the box in her hands and took a peek around the room before leaning in. “I caught Ladybug leaving Adrien’s window earlier today, and it looked like she was holding a gift from him too. I wanted to let Mari know there's something between them before she found out on her own, but she didn't react like I thought at all.”  Alya’s face was filled with worry, and Sabine placed a hand over the reporter’s drumming fingers in comfort.  “You don't think she's not being honest because she doesn't want to badmouth Ladybug in front of me, do you?”  “Of course not,” Sabine insisted. “Just give her time to process the news, maybe she's just a little in shock. I'll let you know how she’s doing later on if you want.”  It was enough to ease the girl’s mind. Sabine walked Alya to the door and made sure to give her a warm hug on the way out.  When Sabine checked on her daughter later that night, she was left just as confused as Alya was.  Marinette quickly stuffed the object in her hands under her pillow - her diary, maybe? - and hopped down from her loft to the floor. The way she practically floated around the room and the pleased grin on her face showed no sign of heartbreak.  Even as they went downstairs to clean up the bakery for the night, Marinette hummed while she worked as if lost in her daydreams.  Sabine finally asked her, “So what was that commotion with Alya earlier when she came in?”  Marinette just shook her head. “It’s nothing big. Alya told me Adrien might be seeing someone.”  She turned back to scrubbing the mixer bowl in the sink, still oozing bliss as she started humming again.  Sabine stared, wondering for a moment who this person was and what have they done with her Adrien-enamored daughter.

 5.  “Kids, will you all be staying for dinner?”  Sabine climbed up the stairs to Marinette’s room just in time to catch Alya brandishing her phone to the rest of the group.  On it was a video clip of Ladybug and Chat Noir. It was taken from street level pointed up at a rooftop, so there was no sound besides Alya’s startled gasp as the heroes’ playful conversation ended and Ladybug chastely kissed Chat on the lips before taking off.  “Alya! Er-Adrien is right there, have some tact!”  Marinette had instantly bloomed red in her face. She scrambled over Nino’s lap and knocked his game system out of his hands in the process to try and snatch the phone out of Alya’s hands, but Alya leaned backwards out of her reach.  Adrien