"Agreed, no more clowns..."

 

"D" is for Death: Death is a constant in the Winchester's lives but for Sam Gabriel's death meant so much more.

It's inevitable in Sam's life that he looses the ones he loves. It came with the title of Winchester, with the job as a hunter, with just being him. He tried, he always tried, to push them away but he craved the love too much to stay away for long and Gabriel was no exception.

Gabriel was everything he had ever wanted. He was funny, he was kind (Despite being a trickster, Gabriel was a sucker for kids and would drag Sam to orphanages everywhere they went to play with the kids and give them presents or show them magic...), he was sexy, and he was loving... He was everything to Sam. It took too long for Sam to admit to himself that his feelings for Gabriel were more than platonic, more than familiar. He fell in love with the easy smirk and hazel eyes but not until it was too late.

That moment in the hotel when Gabriel told Sam and Dean to get Kali out of there but his eyes lingered on Sam and Sam heard the soft admittance in his thoughts... it was just a soft 'Goodbye, love you kiddo.' but it broke Sam more than anything else the trickster archangel had ever done or said. When he forced Dean to go back and found Gabriel's body, wings burnt to the ground, face frozen in pain, hazel eyes empty he screamed. He held Gabriel rocking back and forth until Dean pulled him away kicking and trying to get back. Once he calmed Dean helped him give the angel a hunter's funeral and they got to work. To Sam, it wasn't just about saving the planet anymore, it was avenging a man he loved, so he was willing to do anything to do it.

That was why, when it came to giving his own life, it was worth it. After regaining control and saying goodbye to Dean, the last thought was 'This is for you Gabe.' then he jumped smiling when Michael jumped after him thankful to save his brother and honor Gabriel even if it meant his own death or whatever awaited him down below.

Everyday Lucifer would show up looking like someone Sam loved, playing with Sam's emotions, but when he showed as Gabriel, when he kissed him as Gabriel and Sam for a moment thought somehow the youngest archangel had come to save him, it hurt the worst finding out it was all a fraud. So many horrible things happened in the cage, but that was the worst.

Then Gabriel really did show up... Sam screamed and tried to get away until Gabriel kissed him. Lucifer was cold, but Gabriel, Gabriel was like sunshine, warm but a soft slow warmth and seeped into your bones and warmed you from the inside, not like Michael's searing flames. He relaxed into Gabriel's arms letting the archangel take him from the cage as Gabriel's brothers screamed for him to save them too. But Gabriel was there only for him. When they got out... Gabriel slapped him across the face.

"I died for your ass then you go and jump into the cage? Samuel James Winchester, that was the stupidest thing I've ever had to hear about. I didn't believe Cas when he told me but sure enough, here you are. Ugh, I love you anyway." He said kissing him again and Sam kissed back hungrily.

"I love you too. How...?" He asked and Gabriel snorted pulling him closer and wrapping one slightly burnt wing around him gently.

"The same as my little bro. Pops brought me back to keep an eye on you while Cas and your brother go at it like rabbits." He said and Sam laughed cuddling up to Gabriel's side before seeing they were laying in the middle of a field and sighing sitting up and looking over his body which seemed intact.

"Sam... Are we... I know before I died you didn't like me but..." Gabriel asked uncertainly looking at the hand print Sam just found around on his hip and Sam smiled rolling his eyes.

"We are anything and everything you want us to be Gabriel. Just don't go die on me again and we won't have problems. Also, can we get to a hotel or something? I really need a shower and if you're good I might let you join me." He said with a wink delighting in the archangel's smirk and just the fact they were both alive and together. Luckily that was another perk of being a Winchester, death didn't last long.

 

 

"E" is for Eternal: Sam has always been meant for Gabriel and Gabriel isn't losing him again.

The first time Gabriel saw Sam's soul he was just a fledgling. He had walked into his father's office even after the countless orders not to- he got in trouble a lot- and was surprised to see the super bright white soul there. It was the most