such a topic is being revolved around them. "Like it depends on the factors, like humour or attractiveness that strengthen someone's feelings for someone. It's not usually the hugs or kisses ever. Anyone can do those things."

Waliyha sneers at Niall as he walks around the tables to meet with Kappa. "I think he's good with you."

"How do you—"

"Compared to Harry and that Alex—"

"Wait, you think me and Harry were—no way."

"It doesn't matter anyways." Waliyha flips her hair, before stifling a laugh. "He's coming."

Zayn snorts, then it turns to a full blown out laugh Niall snickers curiously at.

It takes a while for him to settle before greeting them with, "Sup?" 

"Hey, this is Waliyha, the skunk that lives in my house." Zayn points his thumb at his sister. 

"Huh?" Waliyha asks very high pitched in question, exaggerating the word when she glares at Zayn. Niall shakes her hand, shares his name all in two seconds.

"Congratulations on your very vague pitch, in which, I had to elaborate to my dad so he'd bid." Zayn's shoulders lift casually before dropping them, grinning tautly as Niall chuckles.

"Oh anytime!" Niall leaning against Zayn's seat, pats his shoulder.

"And thanks for that – opening?" Zayn looks up if Niall would correct him, then finds himself just staring. "Got Kappa in trouble with Rho but, all is well."

"Stir shit up—that's my job." Niall nods proudly, settling his sight on Waliyha who stares unimpressed. "How's school?"

"I just learned my ABC's." Waliyha smiles.

"I'm proud of you." Niall swings his arm in a too-friendly manner. "So did Zayn."

—

In the back of Zayn's head, love just happened to be a bothersome when he gets home, opening the apartment to peace and quiet compared to tonight. It's shouting in his head, brash and pushy, reminding Zayn of how much that topic was brought up. If he knows the answer, then he'd say it without sounding so casual and languid, and he wouldn't deny it if he was for certain.

There wasn't any problems going around anymore between Kappa and Zayn's suspension. It died down somewhere but it still stuck in everyone's mind Zayn had been suspended and that Kappa affiliated with such a person. There's not much anyone can do really once everything goes back to normal. Niall and Louis would just lose their temper if anyone mentions Zayn in a bad way, and Zayn would have to look for ways to get them back to a normal state.

It's only Niall a few nights that Zayn gets to have company with—until January because in three days he leaves with his family to go back to Bel Air. Not that he actually minded, this is really their first time alone at home (or Leigh's home) without anyone being paranoid about who's getting caught. It's all free will. 

Leigh never set any rules down about Niall coming over. Not that they need any. They're all well behaved adults who know what's right and what's wrong. Hopefully, Niall sleeping over isn't breaking anything.

Sitting on the couch, Niall sets up a movie for them to watch while Zayn changes out of his clothes and waits for the kettle to go off. Underhandedly, he throws a pair of shorts to Niall who catches it in one hand and starts to stare at it like he's never seem such a thing before.

"We're not?" Niall stops himself.

"We're not what?" Zayn scoops a heaping pack of cocoa powder before tapping it into two mugs.

Niall turns back from Zayn. "Huh. Never mind. I love you."

"What?" Zayn exclaims, staring at Niall like deer in the headlights. He takes a deep breath, hating how fast his heart is pacing. It wouldn't be happening if Zayn didn't love him too. Even if he doesn't, Zayn can't understand this makes him feel uneasy and reflective. A definite no should make it easy for Zayn to ignore. A definite yes I love you as well should be easy. Why is it hard to say out loud? And why does Niall make something so hard to say, easy and swift?

He catches Niall's gaze fluttering away when there's too much of a long pause between them. He feels tight in his chest, noticing the hesitance from Niall. And it wouldn't hurt if—"Alright. I love you too, but I'm only making one hot chocolate for you."

"Wait, you just said – " Niall looks back to the kitchen where Zayn is. "Really?"

"Yeah." Zayn sighs, not wanting to see the vivid blue eyes sparking with excitement. Once he finishes, he walks to