probably still wouldn't have believed you, but trust me, I've had to deal with swans before. Mean-spirited, feathered bastards, the lot of them. I had to deal with one somewhere around a month, maybe three weeks before Rory brought you to the house for lunch."

"Wait," Jack said, "so, if I understand this right, you, Luke's nephew, used to date Rory, Lorelai's daughter?"

"Yep," Jess said.

Emily laughed again. "When you say it like that you sound like bad exposition from something I had to read for the book club."

Jack shrugged. "Just making sure I'm understanding things," he said. "Your family life was even more interesting than Richard ever let on."

Jess raised a glass. "I wish I could say I got to know him better, but seeing I was an insufferable jerk-ass back then I doubt I would've appreciated it if I did."

"All teenagers are jerks," Emily said.

"Even Rory?" Jess said.

"In her own way," Emily said, "but I'll deny it if you tell anyone I said that."

"Mum's the word," Jess said. "But man, you're right, I should've said up front where I got the black eye back then."

"We all have our regrets," Emily said.

Jess couldn't think of anything to add to that.

 

"I don't like it," Lorelai whispered to Luke.

"Like what?" Luke said. Lorelai motioned her head in the direction of the table where her mother, Jess, and Jack Smith, the widowed friend of Richard's who Emily had been dating recently.

"I don't see the problem," Luke said. "They seem to be getting along just fine."

"Exactly," Lorelai said. "It doesn't bother you, the idea of your nephew and my mother being friendly?"

"I'm sure they're just being polite."

The sound of Jess laughing at something Emily said carried across the room.

"Okay, I'll admit that that's a little disturbing, but you know what? I'm not gonna dwell on it," Luke said, putting his hands on Lorelai's shoulders and trying to gently turn her towards the other end of the room. "C'mon. Open bar."

"You sure know how to talk to a girl, Luke," Lorelai said, smiling.

 

"Oh man," Jess said once he stopped laughing. "I wish I'd been there to see that."

"Same here," Jack said.

Emily shrugged. "You say that, but in order to have seen it you'd need to have been in the DAR."

"I think my favorite part," Jess said, "was when you pointed out the trophy wife's breast implants."

"Really?" Emily said. "I think my favorite part of my rant was when I said 'bullshit' six times. Or was it seven?"

"When I first heard about it," Jack said, "I actually couldn't believe it. Such language coming from Emily Gilmore? But then you told me about it, and you just looked so proud. I would never admit it away from this table since I'm still friends with some of those women's husbands, but I honestly think they had it coming."

"Like I said," Jess said, "I wish I could've seen that. Shame you didn't get in on video."

"I have that on my phone," Emily admitted, "and I even know how to use it, but honestly, it was all just so spur of the moment. If I'd planned to go off on my former clubmates, I absolutely would've loved to have the looks on their faces on my phone for posteriority. Hell, I'd have asked Rory to help me put that up on YouTube."

"I bet it would've been a huge hit," Jess said.

"Well, regardless," Emily said, taking a sip from her glass before continuing, "at least I don't have to lie about what I'm watching on NetFlix nowadays. I'm so glad I let Lorelai talked me into setting up an account, there is some amazing television on there. And some classic movies too."

"What do you mean by 'lying about what you're watching?'" Jack asked.

"I'm guessing her DAR friends wouldn't approve, am I right?" Jess said.

"Exactly," Emily said. "When I was still meeting with the girls, I'd always say I was watching things like The Crown or one of their documentaries."

"So what were you really watching?" Jess asked.

Emily looked around, making sure that no one other than Jack and Jess could hear he, though she had no idea why she was concerned about that, seeing as if anyone asked her she'd probably just