as a preventative measure. She knew what the revelation will cause and doubted whether the strength of her earplugs would be able to save her from permanent hearing loss.

The people standing in front of her turned briefly to glare at her, having been covered in lukewarm tea after she had dropped her cup.  But she couldn’t care less at this point.

She braced her hands on her ears just as Rita announced, “His Majesty, Emperor Voldemort.”

Mary mentally counted how long the information would take to process, ‘3, 2, 1…’

When she reached one she was so glad she covered her ears.

“KYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” Came the squeals and screams of thousands of the members of the club. Mary’s ears were ringing from the noise despite all the protection they had.

And then the man, because it definitely was a man, walked on stage. Well, if she wasn’t completely gay she would definitely have been awestruck by his looks. He is one of the most handsome men that Mary had ever seen, but she could sense a certain coldness about him…

Meanwhile the rest of the room was exclaiming over his looks or giving the classic ‘I told you so’ line to all those who thought the Emperor was a female. As the interview began many of the group had pulled out pens, paper or notebooks from who knows where, to record any information about him that they could.

Mary raised an eyebrow when, she supposed she should call him ‘his majesty’, said his age was 146. Especially considering he looked, at most, 25. Unfortunately, he didn’t offer his solution for eternal youth which Mary refused to admit later on that she pouted at.

However when he got to the question shouted out by an enthusiastic audience member, that’s where everything went wrong.

“....I am no longer single.” With that single line the lecture hall erupted into chaos.

“WHAT!?!?!?!??!?!?!??!” Came the devastated cries of all the Emperor’s hopeful brides.

While he went on to explain why this meant he could reveal himself, which exactly 200 people in the room were actually paying attention, angry whispers echoed throughout the hall. Denials, cries of shock, and even weeping could be heard from the borderline psychotic fan club. 

Mary steadfastly refused to let her eyes wander from the screen to her no doubt distraught daughter. Instead she followed his majesty’s words as they proved to her that he wasn’t just a pretty face and that he did have a brain. 

They only zoned back in on the program when he said, “Perhaps I should invite my fiance to the stage?”

Everyone was glaring at the screen, desperate to know who has ‘stolen’ their ‘precious Emperor’ away from them.

“May I present my fiance, Lord Hadrian Potter of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter.” All the men in the crowd whooped for joy, having realised they had a greater chance with the Emperor now.

Then the man himself walked on stage causing half the room to gasp at his beauty. ‘Holy shit!  Even I can see he looks like an angel descended from...wherever angels come from.’ Mary thought.

But her maternal instinct kicked in as she saw how small he was. His title of ‘Lord’ showed he was of age though which is the only reason she, unlike many people in the audience and in the hall, didn’t glare at the Emperor for being engaged to an underage person. But then, why was he so short and skinny?

A lot of the fanclub members went silent after Lord Potter went on stage. So, apart from the odd whisper, the hall was relatively silent. This allowed everyone to hear of their love story and their bantering. Also many people observed the way Lord Potter lit up when he was next to his majesty, as if his mere presence solved all his problems.

And Mary saw how the coldness that seemed to surround his majesty practically evaporated when Lord Potter was on stage with him. She was amazed that such reactions could be caused by two people who clearly love each other being in close proximity. It gave her hope of the future that maybe, one day, she could find that as well. 

She continued to observe the couple throughout the interview and when they got to Lord Potter’s abuse she was openly weeping. Not just for abuse he went through which was surely similar or worse to what she went through with Brad, but at the amount of love and support the Emperor gave him while he was telling it. 

Many others in the hall were also weeping, including her Julie. She knew she was remembering the time she came home to find her mother lying unconscious in a pool of blood. Of her comforting Mary in the aftermath, saying how it wasn’t her fault and that she wasn’t weak. Of Julie supporting her through the next few months, exactly like the Emperor was now doing to his fiance.

And Mary hoped that this would get Julie to see sense and stop throwing herself at this man, who until today, she didn’t even know what he looked like.