stop until your soul was surrounded. Heart pounding, you began to plead with Flowey, but he cut you off. “D I E” He cackled again, sending the attack towards you. This was it. This was the end. A part of you prayed it was still a stupid prank. You braced yourself, closing your eyes.

 

* * *

 

“what are you doing? I'm not that comfy” Sans gave you a perplexed look as you squirmed your way under his arm, resting your head on his chest. Grinning, you reached over for the popcorn, setting it between his legs and popping a few pieces in your mouth.

“Vantage point” You smirked, mouth full as you turned you head to the TV. Mettaton was giving a group of women makeovers; all at once. Sans' arm wrapped around your waist, a low chuckle coming from him.

“alright then” He conceded, tucking a strand of hair behind your ear, placing a kiss on the top of your head. You turned your head up, bringing your lips to him. He beamed, fingers rubbing circles into the small of your back. 

“i love you”

 


* * *


 

“My child, are you alright?” A warm voice washed over you, bringing you back from the happy memory. Blinking you eyes open, you looked around. Flowey had vanished. Instead you saw a pair of large furry white feet in front of you. Looking up you gasping in surprise.

“To-” A strangling sensation came over you and you wheezed, coughing.

“She can't know idiot” The voice from before hissed. Toriel watched, confused, as you stumbled to your feet.

“It's not safe here my child, please, follow me” Just like Toriel to refer to you as a child, despite obviously being a fully grown adult. It seemed like she didn't remember you though, turning and walking away, at a slow enough pace for you to keep up. She took you through a few puzzles, not batting an eyelid when you told her your name. Why had she forgotten you? You began to question the motherly monster about the matter, but the constricting feeling overtook your throat again.

“Nuh uh huh, let me show you how this is going to work” You could've screamed. What felt like a fissure ran through your body, splitting your mind and body. Without a thought, your hand clenched around a stick that you didn't remember picking up, smacking at the dummy in front of you. Toriel's face was full of dismay as you followed her. You tried to drop the stick. “I'm in charge now” The voice giggled, stepping in the path of a Froggit. You loomed over it, and tried to look away as you saw yourself raise the stick again. A force pulled your eyes forward. “You're not getting off that easy” 

You watched in horror as you caved in the skull of the pleading monster.

 

* * *

 


You woke up with a start, bolting into an upright position. Reaching up to your forehead, you wiped away the beads of accumulating sweat. 


“babe?” Groggily, Sans' arm wound around your thigh, cracking open an eye socket and muttering your name when you didn't respond. “what's up?” You thought back to the nightmare and then down at your boyfriend, sighing in defeat.

“Just some stupid crap, I think something happened to you, or Pap, or both of you-” You were cut off as the skeleton dragged you back down under the covers, nuzzling himself into your chest.

“m'not goin' anywhere” He yawned endearingly, and you couldn't help but smile.

“Fucking goofball” His eye glinted as you stroked the back of his skull.

“at least i'll always bounce back” 

“I think that's the worst one to date” You groaned, letting your fingers run down his spine, curling around his scapula. Sans placed a kiss on your chin before nestling back down.

“seriously tho', did you wanna talk about it?”

“No, I'll be alright. You go back to sleep hun” He squeezed you gently before closing his eyes again. You didn't want to admit that you were scared to go back to sleep.


You'd seen yourself dust the two brothers.


 


* * *


 

Silent tears streaked down your cheeks; Whimsuns, Froggits, Vegetoids. You'd had to watch all of these creatures perish at your hands. Somewhere along the line you'd traded in the stick for a toy knife, but you don't remember when. The whole thing was a blur, but you could remember each death in detail. Some of them said they had children. Some pleaded for mercy, fear in their eyes. Some had just hung their heads in defeat as you slaughtered them. With each death the voice, which you now recognised as a little girls, screeched with pleasure. The jeans and jumper you'd been wearing