kun, why are you outside of your room? Did you lose track of time?” asked Kiyotaka.



“I know what time it is,” Byakuya replied, staring over Kiyotaka’s head. “It’s past two in the morning.” 



Apparently not satisfied with Byakuya’s answer, Kiyotaka pulled up his sleeve and checked his wristwatch for himself. A twitch quivered on his face. His shoulders sank.



“Y-Yes, it is,” admitted Kiyotaka. He breathed in deeply and regained his composure. “Then is it that you forgot we agreed we would all stay in our rooms during this period?”



“I had no involvement in that decision,” said Byakuya.



Kiyotaka pressed his lips together tightly. 



“We agreed that everyone would retire to their rooms at night,” said Kiyotaka with forced patience.



Byakuya smirked, still not looking directly at Kiyotaka. “You definitely should do that. Staying up past your bedtime has made you cranky... Do you want me to tuck you in and read you a story?”



“N-No...”



“Then run along,” said Byakuya coolly.



“This is serious!” Kiyotaka burst out, accidentally spitting. He pierced the air with his index finger, jabbing his finger in Byakuya’s direction. “Roaming around like this... heightens the chances of another fatality...!”



“Though another death would spice things up, I have no intentions of killing anybody for the time being. Speaking of killing, would it kill you to loosen up?” asked Byakuya, and he laughed at how appropriate his pun had been. 



Kiyotaka withdrew his arm, no longer pointing at Byakuya, and punched himself on the chest, just once. He scrunched up his face. All through this, he maintained eye contact and quite laughably, started to well up with tears. “How can you talk about killing so casually? Kirigiri-kun died and not even a week has elapsed, and yet... and yet you’re treating this like a joke.”



“Not like a joke,” said Byakuya, sobering, “but a game.”



Byakuya tucked one hand into a back pocket of his trousers and smirked. How his eyes must have gleamed, not because he was crying, not like Kiyotaka, who stared back at him in a disgusting, disgusting manner, but because of the amusement that bubbled in Byakuya’s chest that spread to his eyes, that spread to the corners of his upturned lips. He poked out his tongue and traced over his grin.



“Do you know why Kirigiri died?” asked Byakuya, and he swayed his hips to one side. “It’s because she took this too seriously. All that snooping around she did... inevitably, it was going to piss someone off.”



“You’re wrong.” Kiyotaka shook his head as if to break free of Byakuya’s words that constricted him. Foolish, really, because Byakuya spoke immovable truth. “Togami-kun, how can you talk like this about our friends?”



“First of all, none of you are my ‘friends’,” corrected Byakuya. He folded his arms over his chest and lifted his chin haughtily. “You are my opponents. If you had any brain cells, you would be thinking the same. I don’t know any of you and the only common goal that we share is that we need to kill someone to escape this prison. That is not something to make friendship bracelets about.”



Sure, as Kiyotaka was now, he provided Byakuya with some level of entertainment, but the novelty would wear off as they progressed through the game and for Kiyotaka’s own sake, he needed to stop running away from the inevitable. Byakuya didn’t care if Kiyotaka departed from the world of fantasy that he immersed himself in, where teamwork prevailed and only comic book villains killed people, or if he barricaded himself in. The latter would make Kiyotaka an easy target and Byakuya couldn’t complain heavily about that, but a change in tactics from Kiyotaka would certainly make the game more interesting.



Kiyotaka clenched his fist over his heart and said, “It’s that sort of outlook that will lead to another trial!”



“One will happen in due time, Ishimaru, so you should make sure it’s not yours,” said Byakuya, and he began to walk forward. “Now, I’m going to leave. This conversation has run its course.”



Byakuya passed by Kiyotaka.



“I... I can’t let you kill anyone,” said Kiyotaka. Byakuya kept walking. Kiyotaka raised his voice. “I won’t let you!”



Footsteps exploded behind Byakuya. A shiver shot up Byakuya and realising what was about to happen, he looked over his shoulder, but it was too late to dodge out of Kiyotaka’s path. Just like how Kiyotaka had been faster than Byakuya anticipated, he proved stronger too. He flung himself at Byakuya, knocking both of them down. The back of Byakuya’s head smacked into the ground. White pain erupted from the area of collision and gripped Byakuya tightly, throbbing in his head, and he cried out.



Pressure descended onto Byakuya’s lower