reappeared, Rodney pulled the fleece off and thrust it into Sheppard's hands.

"What?" Sheppard said, somewhat bewildered.

"It's covered in your semen so it's only fair you get to wash it off," Rodney told him. "And get it back to me by tomorrow, will you? Freezing to death is not on my schedule for this week."

Sheppard's pointy ears turned very bright red and he mumbled something before he hastily disappeared again with Rodney's sweater in a firm grip.

Rodney didn't get the fleece back the next day. Sheppard muttered something about not having time for laundry but Rodney found some ratty grey thing that Jackson had left behind so the world wouldn't have to suffer the loss of his brilliant mind to hypothermia.

It seemed like Air Force Majors were worse at doing laundry than they were at giving blowjobs because Rodney didn't see the fleece again. Not that it mattered much since they didn't have many days left before shipping out to Pegasus.

He'd never liked that ghastly colour anyway.

 

* * *

The fourth time Rodney had sex with Sheppard was in a supply closet in Atlantis. They had just awakened the Wraith, saved a bunch of aliens and, oh yeah, narrowly escaped death by drowning. Rodney really hadn't planned to make a habit out of this, but when Sheppard came back from the rescue mission with the news of Colonel Sumner's death, he looked so miserable that Rodney couldn't help himself. He led Sheppard into the closet (at least they assumed it was a closet), pressed him up against the wall, kissed him hard and then kneeled down and swallowed his cock.

Sheppard didn't seem so enthusiastic at first, but after Rodney did his patented tongue-swirl he got with the program. Soon, Sheppard was fucking Rodney's mouth while moaning, "Oh yeah, so good, that's... please don't stop, McKay, I..." and then he came hard all over Rodney's tongue, tasting like salt and bitter regret.

* * *

The ninth time Rodney had sex with Sheppard was off-world. Apparently this particular tribe needed proof that the team was human and according to their beliefs, only humans could have orgasms. Rodney spent half an hour trying to convince the chief of the faulty logic in the reasoning until Sheppard sighed and said, "Look, we're not getting out of it so can we just get it over with?"

No one was confident enough to ask Teyla to perform the ceremony, and poor Ford was so mortified that he probably wouldn't be able to get it up anyway so it was Rodney and Sheppard who got to stand buck naked on top of a podium and jerk each other off.

"You know," Sheppard said, far too conversationally for a man who had Rodney's hand wrapped around his dick. "When General O'Neill told me about how aliens made them do it all the time I thought he was joking."

That made Rodney think about Sam Carter and what she would've done in this situation and after that it was over pretty fast.

Well, at least they were now officially human.

* * *

The twenty-first time Rodney had sex with Sheppard they were in Rodney's bed. Sheppard was lying on his back with his legs spread open and Rodney had two fingers in Sheppard's ass and his lips wrapped around Sheppard's twitching cock.

This was a lot nicer than the supply closets, mainly because Rodney got to see Sheppard naked, got to see how his lean muscles moved underneath the skin, got to lick the relief of Sheppard's hipbone and comb his fingers through the dark hair on Sheppard's chest. Best of all, he got to see Sheppard come apart completely, moaning and shuddering on the bed. It was probably the best sex Rodney had ever had.

"Rodney, come on," Sheppard groaned, hands twisting in the sheets.

"Don't rush me," Rodney said, crooking his finger to stroke Sheppard's prostate. "I should get to do whatever I want by the way. You still owe me a sweater."

"Nnngghh," Sheppard said and came so hard it striped his cheek.

 

* * *

The thirty-fifth time Rodney had sex with Sheppard they were both stoned out of their minds from whatever drug the aliens had slipped them. They were supposed to take part in some kind of fertility ceremony (not that Rodney could understand what two guys having sex had to do with fertility but he supposed it was an alien thing).

So Rodney was lying down on the very nice bed in the room the pervy aliens had showed them to. The sheets were a deep orange colour and there were candle light everywhere; it made Sheppard's - John's skin glow. Or maybe that was the drugs.

John was straddling Rodney, fucking himself on Rodney's cock, and it might be the hottest thing Rodney had ever seen, though he had found himself in need to revise that list over and over again since