dark when the trio retired to the little house again.  Glorfindel barely made it through supper with the entire family before he excused himself and fell asleep on the sofa that had been made up for him while the master of the house not so secretly fussed that there was no proper guest room for their guest.

It was therefore the third day, the second morning of his presence in the valley he would come to think of as home, that he awoke late.  Glorfindel stretched and yawned, and when he opened his eyes, he saw a familiar looking stranger sitting across the room.

Slowly, Glorfindel sat up.  It was obvious the new person was harmless, from the way he sat with legs tucked up under him.  He was reading over sheets of paper in his lap, eating a biscuit that appeared to have been rescued from the previous day’s baking.  Glorfindel said nothing until the dog leaped onto him, happy yips clearly proclaiming that he was thrilled to see that the new not-a-dog who currently gave him far more treats than the rest of the family was awake, and awake to the dog meant a potential for treats.  Glorfindel gave the dog a good scratching on either side of his happy face, until the keen eyes could clearly determine that not-a-dog had no food.  The dog leaped off onto the floor and shook out his coat all the way to his curled tail.  After a good stretch and a yawn, the dog trotted over to sniff around the base of the chair where the usual not-a-dog was sitting.

“Sorry.  I was trying not to disturb you.”  The unknown person picked up a ball from the floor and tossed it for the dog to chase after.  “I hope you slept well, considering the conditions.”

“I spent several months sleeping on the ground, so this is lovely.”  Glorfindel yawned and stretched again before he remembered his manners, and his clothes.  He had slept in a pair of loose trousers, and reached for the shirt which had been draped over the arm of the sofa the night before.  “Please excuse me.  The name is Glorfindel,” he said as he pulled the shirt over his head, then promptly caught an arm in the wadded up sleeve.

“Yes, I know.”  The Elf was not some slender, wiry thing.  A soldier Glorfindel might have guessed from the build, except for the ink stains on his palms and fingers that proclaimed a more scholarly profession.  His hair was wavy and dark, but there was a hint of silver to it, and while it was certainly not unkempt, it was not meticulously brushed and braided, either. 

The remainder of his biscuit was offered to the dog when he returned with the ball.  The furry little mutt eyed it hungrily before he snatched it away, dropped it on the floor, and danced about his prize happily.  This went on for a few moments until the dog decided it was better in his stomach than on the ground.  “I doubt you remember me.  You were busy speaking with Elladan and Elrohir.”

Glorfindel looked positively lost.  “Was that at the really big house yesterday?”

“No, that was here.  Elrond’s sons.”  The Elf smiled warmly when Glorfindel appeared even more confused.  “The pair of inquisitors you dealt with when you first arrived.”

“We met,” Glorfindel realized, and his cheeks colored appropriately. 

“Not formally,” came the reply.  “I would not expect you to remember my name.  I am sure you are quite overwhelmed.”

“Uh… uh… you were talking to…”

“Elrond.”

“Rrrright, Elrond…” Glorfindel tried to file the name way.  He was equally bad with remembering names and faces, but it seemed only right to try very hard, since he felt he might stay a while.  “The father,” he added, and he immediately decided that the way he said it sounded goofy, and he had likely made a right fool of himself.

The person in the chair chuckled softly, but not unkindly.  “My nephew,” he said.  “My paternal grandparents are his great-grandparents on his mother’s side.  Like Elrond, I am half-elven.”

“I need diagrams,” Glorfindel admitted.

His companion chuckled again.  “I think you will get it by the end of the week.  If it helps, I will try to remember to address everyone by their name when you are around.  That might aid you in learning who everyone is.”

“That would be much appreciated,” sighed Glorfindel in relief.  “And to whom shall I owe my sincerest thanks?”

“You may call me Erestor.”

“Erestor.  Erestor, Erestor, Erestor,” repeated Glorfindel.  He squeezed his eyes shut.  “Err-Esss-Torrr.  Erestor.  Got it.”

As politely as possible, Erestor laughed.  “I am not going to be offended if you forget by this evening.  Besides, most of us have more than one name.  Everyone in the house calls me Uncle.  Neither one is my real name, but really, as long as I know to respond, what does it matter?”

“