but it would be a cold day in hell before he would admit to it.

Those were the rules of just about every game in existence: One player moved, the other attempted to thwart him.

Reluctantly, Ciel dropped the hand he had held across his mouth, his gloved palm once more braced against the stone floor. He did not hold back the next groan, not only imbued with pain, when it welled up in his throat… and Sebastian’s movements paused for a moment.

The young earl grinned. Surprised you, eh?

In these last minutes of his life, he would take all the small victories he could get.

A low whisper next to his ear destroyed the illusion of having discouraged this course of action from continuing; his voice the essence of lewdness, the demon all but purred, “Oh my, aren’t we a dirty young man, enjoying the attentions of a lowly servant in this manner…? Whatever would your esteemed relatives think if they could see you now?”

Ciel could feel his cheeks burning as his mind automatically supplied him with an image of a scandalized Elizabeth, tears in her widened eyes and hands cupping her mouth in shock. He only managed to banish the embarrassing specter from his mind when the demon followed up his observation with a satisfied chuckle.

My relatives would already be reeling at my associating with you at all if they knew of your true nature and our contract, and considering that they will never know now… what a cheap shot.

Defiantly facing forward and knowing that his blush was once again receding after his dispassionate analysis, he deliberately let a moan escape when the demonic hand resumed its movements, especially since Sebastian had neglected to start surging inside of him again alongside the movement.

The demon had not yet given up on his strategy; although he began bucking his hips once more, he did so in a rhythm that could almost be called sensual, had Ciel’s insides not already been damaged by his prior assault, and hot breath washed over the boy’s ear again when his personal death continued to taunt him.

“Oh yes, what a wanton little whore you are, young master… is this why you enjoyed your work on the underside of society so much? The darkness, the shameful depravity of it all…? Is this what you imagined those few nights after which you would not let me aid you in your morning ablutions? Oh, I could smell it on you, you know… not on your hands, you never did this to yourself before, proper as you pretended to be… but on your stomach, on the sheets… those dreams must have plagued you, the knowledge that you would have only had to ask, and your loyal servant would have assuaged every last one of your sordid fantasies... but you couldn’t do so without laying bare just how base you are at your very core, could you now…?”

Ciel did not know why, but the whispered obscenities only fed the strange fire which had begun to flare in his lower abdomen, which still remained unhindered by the same amount of pain he had experienced before. What he did know was that protesting, or giving in to humiliation in any way, shape or form, was tantamount to forfeit. Therefore, he resolved to refuse thinking about the contents of the devil’s tirade, concentrating on nothing but the sensation of moving fingers teasing, tugging, rubbing…

It did not take long for him to peak with a suppressed grunt, the few short spurts of his ejaculation flowing over Sebastian’s fingers and splattering onto the cold stone.

The demon promptly lifted his hand from underneath Ciel’s body and leaned forward, treating the young earl to a good view of licking at the translucent white substance staining his black nails.

“Mhm… your first such emission while being conscious, stolen by an inhuman denizen of Hell itself… how truly lost you are to everything wholesome and good…”

Now, Ciel allowed himself a harsh bark of laughter.

“I have been ever since you first marked me as your master, and you know it. Don’t be ridiculous.”

His statement made Sebastian pause for a split second yet again – another point for the earl.

“Of course. How forgetful of me.”

The words would not have been amiss back at Phantomhive Manor, before the contract terms had been fulfilled. Even the gentle humor, fake as it most likely had been in those instances, was there.

“Well then,” the demon continued, still in that chillingly pleasant tone, “considering that your time as my master has drawn to a close and I have still chosen to indulge you, I would say that it is my turn to receive a treat…”

Sharp fangs sunk into the back of Ciel’s neck as Sebastian resumed his rutting motions at their most brutal. For a short while, the boy had almost been able to forget that he was being anally penetrated by an appendage far too large for his delicate stature; the blood around his torn ring of muscle had had a chance to dry somewhat during the few minutes his former butler had remained still, and the renewed harsh movements caused all lacerations to