time, back when this was Blockbuster." He chuckled a little. "It sure is different now. Just thought I'd stop by and see the place again."

 

The man behind the counter smiled warmly. "I just opened zhe store today. I haven't had much business yet, so I get pretty excited vhen I see a new customer. Feel free to look around!"

 

"Thanks!" Alfred walked all throughout the store, looking at every single type of flower. After several minutes, he picked out a bouquet of red roses and headed to the counter to pay. "I'll just get these," he said as he set them down.

 

"Roses are zhe most popular choice."

 


"Yeah, they're my favorite," Alfred replied. "By the way, I couldn't help but notice your accent. It's strange. I-I mean not in a bad way! It's adorable actually. I mean- W-where are you from?" He was blushing like mad now. 
'Damn, I sound so stupid!'


 

The brunette laughed as he rang the flowers up. "I'm from Lithuania. I just moved here a couple veeks ago."

 

"Oh, okay." Alfred's face had returned to its normal color by now, but he still felt like an idiot. He cleared his throat, trying to change the subject. "I'm Alfred by the way." He extended his hand.

 

"My name is Toris. Nice to meet you." He shook his hand, smiling.

 

"Nice to meet you too. So, uh, how much do I owe you?" Alfred asked, getting his wallet out.

 

"$10.97," Toris responded.

 

Alfred handed him $11. "Keep the change."

 

"Zhank you sir," he said as he handed the roses back to Alfred.

 

"Don't mention it. So, how often are you open?"

 

"Monday zhrough Friday, from 8-4."

 

"Alright. Well it was nice meeting you Toris!"

 

"Same to you. I hope you come by again sometime!" Toris waved to him as he walked out of the store.

 

"I definitely will," Alfred smiled, waving back.

 

And Alfred did go back. Every day in fact. After school, the first thing he would do was go to Toris' shop, just to talk to him. He could never get enough of his sweet sounding voice. His accent was so cute, and he wanted to hear it all the time.

 

They became best friends very quickly, and pretty soon, they started hanging out after Toris would get off work. Alfred grew feelings for him, but was too afraid to say anything.

 

However, one night, a month after their first meeting, Alfred got the courage to confess.

 

It was a beautiful Friday evening, and Toris had just finished closing up the shop. Alfred, as usual, had helped him, and now the two of them were heading to Alfred's car. Toris only lived a few blocks away from the shop, and he had walked home for awhile, but once he and Alfred became friends, Alfred offered to drive him home one night, and he had been doing it ever since.

 

Toris was thinking that he was about to be dropped off at his apartment like usual, but Alfred had something else in mind. As they both got in the car and strapped in, Alfred suddenly turned to his Lithuanian friend.

 

"Hey, I was wondering if maybe, you know, if you're not busy that is, uh..." He started blushing again and he couldn't form a coherent sentence. 'Get it together Al! You're making yourself look like a complete idiot!'

 

Toris looked over at him. "Yes Alfred?"

 

Alfred just stared at him for a minute, gazing into his emerald eyes. He could get lost in those eyes so easily. "W-would you like to go to a movie tonight?"

 

Toris smiled widely. "I vould love to!"

 


'He said yes!' 
Alfred smiled. "Great! What movie do you wanna see?"


 

"I'm fine vith anyzhing."

 

"Well, I've been wanting to see Guardians of the Galaxy. Does that sound like something interesting?" Alfred asked. He was a huge Marvel fan, and just a superhero fan in general, and this was something that he had been dying to see lately.

 

"Sure! It sounds interesting from vhat I've heard."

 

"Awesome! I'll check the showtimes real quick."

 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

 

A few hours later, Toris and Alfred were walking out of the theater.

 

"That was the best freaking movie ever! Well, after Captain America: The Winter Soldier. Nothing beats that."

 

Toris giggled quietly to himself. He found it amusing how enthusiastic his friend was about these superhero movies.

 

"Zhank you for taking me. I had a lot of fun."

 

"No problem. I enjoyed going with you," Alfred said.

 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~