still messy like he had just woken up.
“Hey, Liam. What’s up?” Brett asked.
“Nothing.” Liam mumbled. Brett noticed Liam’s distant response and sneakingly sniffed him. Liam was overflowing with sadness, anger, and loneliness. Definitely not something a birthday boy should be feeling. Brett put his hand on Liam’s shoulder and stopped both of them on the trail.
“What’s wrong?” Brett asked leveling with Liam.
“Nothing.” Liam answered again. Brett’s eyes flashed gold.
“I have super hearing, I can tell you’re lying. What’s wrong?” Brett asked again starring Liam in the eyes. Liam averted his eyes from Brett’s strong gaze, and Brett put it together. “He forgot didn’t he?”
“So what if he did?” Liam asked with a hint of anger.
“Liam, Satomi never forgot my birthday. It’s something an alpha takes seriously. Not just birthdays, but any day important to their betas.”
“I guess he doesn’t take me seriously. He shouldn’t I was kidnapped by the creepy doctors, and couldn’t even escape.”
“He can’t actually blame you for that, we’ve all had things we can’t beat.”
“It doesn’t matter, I’ll just celebrate it alone.” Liam said turning to start jogging again. Brett increased his grip on Liam’s shoulder making the boy yelp and turn back.
“No, not alone. So, what do you want to do?” Brett asked. Liam remained silent. Brett listened to his heartbeat. “Wanna go get pizza?” No change. “Video games.” Slight change. “Pizza and video games, maybe a movie?” Liam’s heartbeat increased for a moment, Brett had his answer. Even if Liam didn’t actually reply. “Alright, I’ll drive.”
Liam stayed quiet most the car ride to the nearest pizza place in town. It wasn’t until they were sitting at their table that Liam spoke up.
“Thank you.” Liam mumbled with a smile.
“It’s my pleasure, no one should be sad on their birthday.” Brett said looking at the menu.
“He remembered Lydia and Parrish’s anniversary today.” Liam said.
“That’s his fault. And besides, you got me. So, what do you wanna eat?”
The pair decided on a pepperoni pizza with a large order of breadsticks, and they took it back to Liam’s house. In his room, Liam had a few video games, and the two decided on a racing game. Soon, the pizza was gone and Liam wanted to watch something on Netflix. After a brief argument, Kill Bill was selected.
It was a long movie that had a sequel that Liam also requested they watch. Soon the sun had set and the movie ended, leaving Brett wanting to watch the sequel of the sequel that wasn’t even being written yet.
“Gotta admit, that wasn’t that bad-” Brett was cut off as he looked to his left and saw Liam quietly snoozing on the floor. Brett chuckled and slowly stretched his back, sitting so long left his back and butt sore. He bent down and put an arm under Liam’s knees and back, and lifted him off the hard ground. Carefully he placed the younger boy on his bed and pulled the blanket over him.
Brett pulled out his phone and opened his messages.
To: Scott: You and Liam should probably talk...
With that, he opened Liam’s window, and jumped out.

I forgot my disclaimer. I DO NOT OWN TEEN WOLF!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

While Liam slept soundly and Brett walked home, Scott's phone buzzed in his pocket. After the brief scare with the Dread Doctors and thinking Lydia had been taken by them, he and Theo were sitting in his living room. Brett: You and Liam should probably talk...What could that mean? Scott gave Theo a small glance before replying.To: Brett: What do you mean?Brett: It's better if he tells you. With a sigh Scott stood and walked to his bedroom. Theo followed close behind, Scott sat at the foot of his bed. "Everything okay?" Theo asked with what appeared to be genuine concern."I hope so, I guess something's up with Liam. I'm gonna go see him." Scott said making a move toward the window. "Wait, it's getting late. Just wait till tomorrow." Theo suggested. "It might be important." Scott argued. "He's probably sleeping. Morning isn't that far anyway." Theo said with a sly grin. "Yeah, I guess you're right. Thanks Theo. See you tomorrow." "Night, Scott." Theo said walking out of the house. Scott continued to look at the text on his phone. Many scenarios ran through his mind, what was wrong with Liam. Closing