Chakra by her window.

"Yo"

She bit down her shock. He was early. "Are you sick?" She walks over to him.

"No. Why?" He jumps down from the windowsill. He was in all black. A short sleeved black shirt and black slacks. He looked downright lethal, in the most attractive way.

"Because you're early!" She almost shouts. "You look nice, by the way." She looks him up and down as he does the same.

"You look good enough to eat." He winks and grabs her hand. "Shall we?"

She was working really hard not to think too hard about how warm his hand was. She was trying really hard not to think about his thumb that was stroking her knuckles as they walked. And she was really trying to keep Inner Sakura from taking over and screwing the Hokage on the sidewalk. As if sensing her thoughts Kakashi turns to her and takes in her red face, he moves his hand to the small of her back. She didn't realize that they were at the restaurant. Oh, Kami. Maybe this was a date. Was it? Was it?

Her inner monologue is interrupted as Kakashi opens the door.

Loud shouting and yells of "congratulations!" almost knocks her back.

Kakashi steadies her and whispers. "I am so proud of you."

Her initial feeling of disappointment was washed away quickly. She was in awe. All of her friends were here to support her.

"Did you do this?" she looks back at Kakashi.

"I had Ino on standby."

Sakura rolls her eyes. No wonder the blonde was lurking around her apartment.

She couldn't help the large smile that grew on her face. Kakashi pushes her forward gently and Naruto promptly embraces her.

"Sakura-Chan!" He exclaims, picking her up at the waist and spinning her around. "We knew you could do it."

"Put me down idiot." She smacks him on the back of the head and he abruptly drops her. Her facial expression betrayed her faux annoyance. She was ecstatic.

"It's only a trail run. We don't know if it will stick." She speaks up sheepishly.

Sasuke walks over and hands her a glass of sake. His way of saying congrats while Ino interjects. "It's you, forehead. Of course, it will stick."

"Or we will be sticking something up their asses." TenTen throws in as she pushes her way through the crowd of Rookie Nine.

"Oh Kami, did you have to take it there?" Sakura groans and leans over to hug the weapons master.

TenTen whispers in her ear. "Thank you. Neji and I can never repay you for saving our lives. But thank you."

Sakura felt her eyes begin to burn but she smiles through it giving the weapons mistress a squeeze. More and more people came over to congratulate her and eventually she lost sight of Kakashi.

Weaving her way through the crowd, she finds him at the bar, nursing a drink.

"You are wonderful you know that, right?" Feeling bold, she leans down and speaks softly into his ear. She feels him shiver as he turns to look at her.

"You deserve it." He interjects. She sits down and watches his eyes move to her thighs and the rising of her dress. She smirks to herself; he really did love this dress. She leans into him, their shoulders touch softly.

"I am going to miss this." She sighs and looks around. "My nights just won't be the same without researching and arguing with you."

His eyes widen slightly and then go back to his familiar crease. "I agree." He pushes his glass over to her and she takes sip and glances at him under hooded eyes. She licks her lips as his breath becomes labored. She quickly looks around to see if her friends were watching, they weren't. All the nin were too busy watching Naruto challenge Lee to a drinking contest in the name of youth.

Kakashi looks over as well and clears his throat. He pulls out his Icha Icha and places it in front of his face while Sakura gaps.

"What the fu-," Sakura went to snatch the book from him until she hears his baritone from behind the novel.

"Naruto asked me if we were dating." He says nonchalantly. Nearly falling off her stool, Sakura lets out an undignified squeak. It wasn't that surprising, she and Kakashi had spent everyday together for almost the whole year.

"Oh?"

Kakashi moves closer to her, his hand brushes Sakura's, which are stiff at her sides. "I told him-"

Kakashi stiffens slightly and looks over her head. Sakura turns to glance.

"Hey, Sakura-Chan." Kiba leans down to hug her. She can feel Kakashi stiffen behind her as Kiba sniffs her hair. "Heard you'll be ANBU soon. You could come over and I can give you some one on one about what to expect."

Sakura hears Kakashi get up in annoyance and when she turns