a question like that and not follow up, Eren.”

Eren dug his fingers into a knot of muscle. “I was just wondering what being in love was supposed to feel like, but I guess you can’t help me.”

Levi’s eyes were tired and heavy-lidded, but for the briefest moment the corner of his mouth crooked up into a smile before flattening out again. “No,” he said, tipping his head back once more. “I can’t. You should ask Hange, they fall in love almost once a month.”

=====

“I do not fall in love once a month!” Hange declared, hair hanging loose and wild around their shoulders. “I fall in love maybe four times a year. Six at most.”

“Right. Okay.” Eren shifted his weight, wondering what to do with his hands. It was odd being in the Commander’s tent without some sort of briefing going on, especially so late at night. He’d been hoping that Hange would still be poring over data or something, but he’d caught them preparing for bed instead. “So what does being in love feel like then?”

Hange removed their glasses and rubbed at the bridge of their nose. “Well, for me, it’s kind of like this bwaaah feeling.” They waved both hands in a wide semi-circle over their head, glasses clutched precariously in one fist. “That’s how it is at first. And then it kind of settles down into this hmmmmm feeling,” they continued, wrapping themself into a tight hug. “Does that make sense?”

“...No.”

“Well, it’s different for everyone, I think.” Hange tossed the glasses aside to safety and crossed their legs. “Some people say that being in love is like… hm, well you want to be around them all the time and you think about them all day. Or you want to touch them in ways you usually don’t want to touch people. There’s sex, of course, but obviously you can want to sleep with someone without being in love. Oh, maybe they give you a warm feeling in your chest or butterflies in your stomach. Stuff like that, you know?”

Eren still didn’t really get it, but he nodded anyway.

“Well, if that’s all...” Hange said, yawning.

Eren remembered the original reason for his quick visit to Hange. “Oh, sorry, Commander. One more thing. You didn’t hear this from me, but Levi’s ankle is pretty swollen. He probably shouldn’t walk around much for a while.”

Hange cocked an eyebrow. “What happened?”

“Slipped on ice apparently.”

Hange chuckled. “That’s not like him at all. I’m not that surprised though.” They stifled another yawn. “He’s been really tired lately.”

“I’ve noticed. Has he said anything about it?”

Hange shrugged. “Probably just the cold.”

“What do you mean?” Eren knew that Levi hated winter on principle, but he didn’t see what that had to do with him being tired.

“Hard to get a good night’s sleep if you’re freezing.” Hange blinked and then sat up straight, suddenly wide awake. “Eren! I still haven’t done temperature experiments with you! You don’t get cold easily, right? But how cold does it have to be for you to feel cold? And can you withstand heat better too?” They began digging around for their journal devoted to notes on Eren, mumbling data from the solar studies they’d done on Eren a couple years ago.

But Eren backed out of the tent, hands up. “Sorry, maybe later, Commander! I’ve got to go to bed!”

=====

It wasn’t until the next morning that Eren realized what Hange meant about freezing. He noticed for the first time that there were more pairs emerging from tents than usual-- even groups. For a moment, he wondered if everyone had suddenly become ridiculously horny and then it clicked: body heat. People were sleeping together to stay warm.

And Levi wasn’t sleeping with anyone. Eren was sure of that. He may not be the most observant person, but he would’ve noticed if someone besides him had suddenly started going in and out Levi’s tent. Levi didn’t like bringing people into his private space. Hange was the only other person who frequented Levi’s tent besides Eren.

Eren pondered this as he stirred his lumpy porridge. Hange was Levi’s friend. He was certain of this. So did Levi think of Eren as a friend too? Or something different? It’d be easier to just ask Levi what he thought of Eren as, but Eren couldn’t think of a way to do it that wouldn’t be incredibly embarrassing. Not to mention that it almost felt as though once they started analyzing and picking apart their relationship, it would become… awkward. Best to just go with