black wooden doors the same as his scattered along the walls. The walls and the carpet were just white. They reached an opening at the end of the hall and once again, Harry was in awe. There was a wide open space and as he looked to the right over the balcony of the stairs, there was a window that showed the front yard, which consisted of a round about brick drive, with a fountain in the middle, and a vast open field of green. He could see mountains out in the far distance.

Ahead of them was another hall, but they made a right and walked down the wide, black marble stairs. Reaching the end of the stairs into the wide open space of the gathering place in front of the front door has Harry would call it, they turned and walked across into the kitchen.

Harry was starting to catch onto the black and white theme in the house. Black marble countertops and white cupboards. Black tiled floor and white walls. Although he couldn't help but notice the stainless steel fridge through off the whole decor, to him. Zayn was sitted at the island table, dressed in a pair of black sweatpants and a white tshirt, his growing out hair all tossled around. He had a cup of what he assumed was coffee and he was playing on his iPhone.

As pissed off as Harry was at this man, he couldn't deny that he still had an attraction and desire for this man and right now, Zayn just looked simply hot. How he looked so yummy even when he was dressed so lazily and simple was beyond him, but Zayn managed to look like a God effortlessly. He was a bit jealous if he was to be honest. When Harry's dressed in lazy attire, he really just looks tired, lazy, and homeless.

As Julia and Harry entered the kitchen, Zayn looked up from his phone and smiled at them. "Thank you, Julia for bringing him."

"No problem at all, Mr. Malik." Julia nodded at him and went over to the stove, leaving Harry to stand there alone.

"Come, Harry. Sit, please." Zayn gestured for Harry to move.

Harry unwillingly moved from his spot and went over to sit on the other side of the island. He could smell chicken baking and the aroma of butter fill his nostrils. He heard his stomach whine in response and he blushed a little in embarrassment.

"Dinner should be ready in a few minutes, Mr. Styles. Just need to take out the chicken from the oven and finish these green beans." Julia told Harry assuringly.

Mr. Styles. Did she really just refer to him as a Mister?

It was quiet in the kitchen for the next few minutes and as Julia fixed their plates of baked chicken, green beans, and buttered mashed potatoes. After the plates were set, Julia excused herself out of the room, leaving him and Zayn by themselves. But once the plate was set in front of him, Harry dug right in, shoveling mased potatoes into his mouth along with green beans.

"You should slow down, don't want to give yourself a stomachache." Zayn said.

"I'm starving, alright? Let me be." Harry muffled out during a mouthful of potatoes.

The two men ate their dinner in silence, Zayn looking at Harry while he ate, Harry not even making Zayn's presence known to him. As Harry finished his last bite of kitchen, he finally acknowledged Zayn.

"Your bathroom in the bedroom is ridiculously over the top and just plain out ridiculous, ya know?"

"Do you think?" Zayn asked, amused.

"Yes. Like what the hell do you need such a large shower and Jacuzzi for? My first thought was that you just throw orgy parties every weekend."

"No, not quite. I'm not exactly into things like that," Zayn chuckled.

"Couldn't fool me," Harry rolled his eyes. "And why are the walls mirrors? Do you know how creepy that is? I don't want to walk around in the bathroom when I get out of the shower all naked and see myself everywhere I look. I'm conceited and shit, but not that full of myself to where I wanna look at my nude body all the time."

"Well, I like to see myself like that. I'm comfortable with my body enough to be open like that. I don't mind it. In fact, I enjoy it." Zayn shrugged.

"Unbelievable," Harry mused. "This whole house is over the top. Why do you need such a big place? I mean it's only you. And how the hell do you afford all of this?"

"What can I say? I like nice and big things. As for your other question, I'm succesful in what I do and in return, I have money to spend and use." Zayn answered nonchalantly.

"What exactly do you do?" Harry asked.

"I think that's enough questions for now, don't you think?" Zayn