the marinating meat was put into the fridge. “Ah, helping McCree and Soldier with their hopes of a barbeque, Genji?”

Genji hummed and nodded an affirmative. “Keeping up morale is important, especially with as high as it is currently. I think this will help.” He paused in his actions for a moment, tilting his head. “And I missed cooking.”

Zenyatta chuckled at the honesty. “Is there any way I may help you?”

“There’s always plenty to do back here,” Genji replied. “Could you help me with the produce?”

There were three industrial sized sinks in the kitchen. Genji plugged the drain of one before turning on the faucet, adding salt to the water as the sink filled. He placed the corn in the water, careful not to let it splash up before moving on to chopping onions. Zenyatta, meanwhile, was washing the potatoes before setting them in the other compartment to be wrapped or cut later. After that task was complete, he grabbed a plastic dish and used the same sink to fill it with water before grabbing the multiple packages bamboo skewers Genji had set out earlier and setting them to soak. By this point, Genji had moved on to cutting the various colors of peppers they had set out. In his “next” tray was a large bag of tomatoes, so Zenyatta got to tearing the lettuce heads. When he was done, he placed the leaves in Genji’s “next” tray (which was almost empty of tomatoes now) and threw away the cores and the scraps.

After that, everything was pretty much ready. Zenyatta and Genji carried out plates and trays filled with utensils and produce, setting them up in the large area decorated for the occasion. The reason why this room, specifically, was picked was easily seen through glass doors: a wide open balcony was attached, and an old propane grill was smoldering as it came up to temperature. McCree and Morrison stood nearby, having a conversation with a bottle of beer in hand. They delivered the various meats – hot dogs, hamburger patties, chicken, some bratwurst, and some steaks and vegetarian replacements were all placed on a table beside the grill. The two men extended their thanks to Genji and Zenyatta for helping them as they got to work setting up the grill, conversation switching to “hot dog go on the racks, Morrison, not the grill proper” and “the buns go on the racks, McCree, not the hot dogs”. Genji shook his head and laughed. Zenyatta also chuckled at the friendly bickering before turning to Genji.

“Would you help me with the desserts, little sparrow? I think that McCree and Soldier 76 were caught up in preparing the barbeque itself to think about it.”

“Of course. What are we making?” The two once again disappeared into the depths of the kitchen, which had been graciously cleaned by Hana, Lucio, and Tracer (their contribution to the gathering) in their absence.

“Pies,” Zenyatta replies. Genji felt his eyebrows raise, but said nothing as the omnic pulled out four bags of apples; two of the bags held the fruit that was a mix of red and yellow coloring, and the other two were full of green apples. Next are two peelers and two kitchen knives, a set being placed on both cutting boards.

“What about the crust?” Genji asks.

Zenyatta nods towards the refrigerator. “I made the dough last night. All that’s left to do is making the filling and then baking it.”

“Ah, I had wondered where you were.” It was true – when Genji had come back from D.Va’s stream, Zenyatta was not in their shared room, but when Genji woke up, he was. Genji did not think it was of great importance that Zenyatta had disrupted his usual routine of knitting, seeing as he had finished the project he had been working on the night before.

“And now you know,” Zenyatta said calmly, smiling at him as he briefly looked away from where he was peeling.

In short order the apples are tossed into a bowl with cinnamon and sugar as Genji mixed them all together. Zenyatta, meanwhile, had prepared the four pie tins and cut the remaining dough into strips. Genji carefully divided the apples among the pans and Zenyatta followed him down the line, quickly but neatly weaving the dough strips to form a lattice work over the filling. Each of them grabbed two of the pans before sliding them in the oven and settling down to wait.

“How do you think the festival will go?” Genji asked Zenyatta while they waited.

The omnic paused before giving his response. “I think it will go well. Most of the team gets along outside of the battlefield, after all.”

Genji hums, not sure as how to continue the conversation. Zenyatta seems to have no issue with this, switching topics to talk about the movie the two had watched a few nights ago about man and his magical beasts. The idle conversation continued until Zenyatta straightened and walked to the oven to remove the pies. Genji grabbed some oven mitts and picked up two, following Zenyatta