to snatch his heart back from Viktor's hand, catching his crush off-guard.

Surprised, Viktor stared at him, "Wha—?"

Yuuri laughed sheepishly, taking his hand back and rubbing his hands together. Oh god, I made a fool of myself in front of Viktor Nikiforov.


Someone please kill me.


Over the corner of his eyes, he saw the fluttering movement. His heart was going around Viktor in circles!

Yuuri frantically tried catching his heart, huffing and puffing in exhaustion. Viktor stumbled around as this strange guy ran around him in circles, looking almost panicked.

Just when he caught his heart in his grasp over Viktor's shoulder, he turned back to see Viktor's surprised face less than five inches away from his, their chests flushed closed together, with Viktor leaning back against his pressing body.

Embarrassed beyond belief, Yuuri let out a small squeak and ran to hide in a nearby empty trash can. Viktor stood there in disbelief, staring at the trash can confusedly and nodded to a classmate passing by.

Before he could make a move to open the trash can, the school bell rang, signaling the start of classes. Viktor hesitantly made his way over to the school as Yuuri warily opened the lid.

His heart jumped out of the trash can, pulling him out. Yuuri immediately protested, albeit quietly to avoid suspicions, and his heart pulled him full speed.

Oh god, now he knows the saying 'the heart wants what it wants' is true. So quite literally true.

Before he could even end up tackling Viktor, Yuuri pulled his heart back and it changed directions. Sighing in relief, he laid sprawled over the grass. With his raven locks looking unruly more than ever with stray leaves in it and patches of dirt over his cheeks, he ran frantically after his heart who excitedly went after Viktor who just entered the school.

Yuuri stumbled over his feet, running up the stairs and slammed open the doors to see Viktor sprawled on the floor, his heart rubbing itself lovingly over his plump cheeks.

Yuuri's mind almost exploded.

Yuuri tried catching it, but it moved away. Yelping, he kept saying, "sorry" over and ober again to a confused Viktor on the floor. Once he caught the heart's by its left side, it adamantly grabbed onto Viktor's finger.

Pulling with both hands, Yuuri panted and for the second time that day, looked Viktor in the face. Viktor looked around worriedly, people starting to take notice and making comments about what was currently ensuing in front of their very own eyes.


"What the hell is Katsuki doing?"



"Shit, is that his heart?"



"Why's it latching onto Viktor, though?"


"No, wait! Maybe it's Viktor's heart!" A sneer, "Maybe he wanted to steal it for himself."


"How dare he touch Viktor with his disgusting hands!"



Disgusting. Disgusting. Disgusting.



Yuuri, you're disgusting.


Yuuri looked at Viktor's flustered expression, trying to see anything but negativity. But, it was impossible.

Yuuri couldn't see anything but rejection.

So he pulled. He pulled, pulled and pulled. Viktor watched in surprised horror as he forcibly ripped apart his heart, and with tears in his eyes and a half of a heart clutched in his grip, he ran with all his might.

Away from people. Away from it all.


And away from Viktor.


oh god this is long overdue :((( i'm so sorry guys i got carried away with stuff at school augh anyway HERE YA GO

The bullying didn't get any better.

Not only did Adam and his friends verbally abuse me everyday, but everyone seemed to jump on the bandwagon bully the fat, gay Asian kid.

It was horrible. My homework constantly got stolen, my notes all ended up soppy and incomprehensible, locker filled to the brim with trash and my desk's vandalised every morning, with words scribbled on it from 'faggot' to 'die.'

The only ones keeping me sane was Phichit and our other friends, Leo and Guang Hong. Despite the risk of getting pulled into the situation, Leo helped get rid of the vandals on my desk every morning, and Guang Hong keeps track of my things when I'm not around at times.

It wasn't a bulletproof prevention plan, but it helps.

But the bullying wasn't my only problem.

Shuffling along the hallway, I clutched my books close to my chest, head bowed down and eyes downcast.

I could hear taunting and sneers from left to right. Keep it together, Yuuri. It's going to be okay!

I can feel the half of my heart throbbing in my chest pocket.

My blood ran cold as my throat ran dry. Viktor was nearby.

Sure enough, I could hear raucous laughter and conversations in Russian.

Before he could see me, I rushed off the direction I just came. I'll just take the long way back, after all.

I felt a stare digging into my back and I shivered unpleasantly, only prompting me to run