paintbrush smooth against the canvas. 

the smell of the paints brought him back to what his mum used to call his "acrylic zone" even though he didn't use acrylic paints.

louis didn't know how long he was standing behind him, but he sound of someone talking brought him back to the real world. he jumped and looked behind him to see those green eyes, coughed before muttering a, "sorry, what?"

dimples appeared (louis didn't even notice those before, and well, fuck) and with a shy smile on his face, he said "i asked what you were painting?"

louis turned to look at the art in front of him, eyes wide and brain empty.

"i, um. it's you?"

the boy nodded, smiling wider (how does he keep doing that, louis thought) and pulled a chair up next to the petite figure.

"i'm harry," he said, putting his hand out for louis to shake.

"louis."

after they had shook hands, harry motioned for louis to go back to his artwork, which normally louis doesn't paint with other people present but he though he could make an exception with harry.

louis could still faintly hear the sound of rain from outside, but his brush reconnected with the canvas. it defined harry's muscles as he arched back, showed the milky sliver of skin coming up from underneath his shirt.

"when did you first get into art?"

louis hummed as he though, arching his eyebrow and continuing to detail the curls of harry's mane.

"when i was about 13, it was around the time my parents divorced. i was like, sad, really sad. and i guess i started opening up to my art teacher? i don't know, it was a nice way to express myself and i never really grew out of it."

harry was quiet for a minute, he watched louis continue to paint him on the canvas before starting slowly, "i'm sorry about your parents."

louis snorted, "don't be, my dad was a dick."

harry nodded and didn't reply, just kept watching.

it was strange. normally louis didn't leave his house, and the rain scared him. but here he was, sitting with the gorgeous boy at the coffee shop even with the rain still beating against the window.

"well what about you? tell me your life story."

"well, it's hardly a story to tell, if i'm being honest," and there was that deep laugh. "i moved out when i was 17, came to work here, and i've lived in a flat across the street ever since."

"hey, i live across the street!"

harry nodded, "i know."

louis looked back at the painting.

harry watched silently as louis painted the picture, but didn't interrupt. the way louis filled the canvas was almost mesmerizing.

*

by the time louis finished the artwork, the sun had gone down and the rain had long stopped, only leaving puddles in the middle of the street and along the sidewalk.

harry was still there even though the shop was supposed to be closed an hour ago. he smiled brightly when louis turned his attention to him, dimples showing again.

"that's really great, lou."

"thanks, harry. i would offer it to you, but i think i'm going to keep this one for myself. maybe hang it in my room," louis said while winking.

harry's laughed boomed, causing him to cover his mouth as his body shook.

louis shook his head, amused at the other boy's reaction. he started to grab his things and put them in his bag when harry's voice interrupted him.

"hey! you haven't even eaten. would you maybe like to grab a bite at mine? i make a mean sandwich," harry said.

louis hesitated. i mean, yeah, he'd been doing pretty good today. he'd gotten out of the house, actually talked to people. but maybe this is a little too much. harry was a nice guy (cute too, but louis wouldn't admit that to himself) but he could still very well be a serial killer.

"you aren't going to pull a knife on me as soon as we walk in, are you?"

harry giggled (fucking giggled)  and shook his head before grabbing louis bag and carrying it to the door.

louis watched him as he stood at the door, staring at louis. he sighed and shook his head.

i can't believe i'm doing this, he thought as he walked to the door and followed the taller boy out.

they sloshed across the street, the moon being their only source of light. when they got to harry's flat, louis stopped at the door and scrunched up his eyebrows.

"welcome home," harry said, turning around and smiling at louis.

"wait, you live here, but i live there.