like the floor is pushing back against her but she resists its urging for her to rise and retire to somewhere softer, somewhere more appropropriate, and fades into sleep.

Though she never wished or hoped that Byakuya would fall prey to some disease, she would be lying if she claimed that she had never imagined the scenario. Just so she would be prepared if it actually happened, of course. In her mind, she wears a nurse outfit that clings to her body and wrinkles at her middle, and she slides spoonfuls of soup into Byakuya’s mouth as she rubs his crotch to prepare his injection.

Reality doesn’t live up to her fantasy, as she often finds.

“It’s carrot-ginger soup,” says Touko the next afternoon to Byakuya, who is propped up into a sitting position by two pillows and whose mouth is clamped shut. “T-The vitamins and nutrients in the carrots will help your immune system.”

He scowls, arms crossed over his chest, but reluctantly opens his mouth. Touko coos and slides the spoon in.

Later, he vomits it up along with anything and everything that he consumed recently. Not only soup but dry toast and crackers and even water. Hearing him heave wrenches at her heart but she stays strong for his sake, even though she never stayed strong for anyone else’s sake until him, and she wipes his mouth and replaces the cool hand towel draped over his forehead. In his first attempt to lie on his side, his glasses become lopsided, and though he can’t see himself, he from that point on refuses to wear them because he won’t let himself look undignified even to someone like her. She convinces herself to be touched at the gesture.

“You know what I think?” says Aoi in the kitchen on the third day of Byakuya’s illness.

Touko chops another disc of banana into existence.

“You should let him get better by himself, if he’s going to be so ungrateful to you,” says Aoi without being prompted.

“S-Shut up,” Touko replies, and her eyes flick up to glare directly at Aoi.

“Make him sleep on the floor,” demands Aoi and she waves her donut, having been told by Touko earlier that Byakuya was currently in her room occupying her bed so of course Touko wasn’t sleeping in a bed now. Touko makes a mental note not to tell anyone anything ever again.

“It wouldn’t surprise me if he made himself sick,” notes Celes, who after being served the wrong kind of tea by Hifumi for the third time, hovers over him as he makes a fourth attempt. “He’s such a sour person, it’s no wonder that he managed to unsettle his stomach. When it starts boiling, reduce the heat and let it simmer for a minute and forty-five seconds, Yamada-kun.”

“You shut up too!” goes Touko. She slashes another scar into the wooden chopping board.

Celes raises her eyebrows. “Calm down, dear. The wind will blow past you and your expression will stick.”

Touko tips the banana slices on the chopping board into the bowl of wheat cereal that she set onto the tray prior to preparing the banana. Her face burns as she stalks out of the kitchen and her face feels so hot that she can imagine smoking radiating from her body, which she would be glad to have happen because that would deter everyone from bothering her. She hasn’t cooled down by the time she returns to her room.

Byakuya doesn’t move upon hearing the door open and he says nothing either, not until she sits down. Then he stretches his neck out and asks her to read to him.

“R-Read?” she repeats.

He grunts.

She fits a fingernail between her lips and asks, “What should I read?”

He puts more effort into being intelligible and drawls, “Anything.”

Touko nods and sifts through the clutter on her desk for something that she thinks he would enjoy listening to. Most of her collection consists of books belonging to the romance genre, something that she knows he holds distaste for. Byakuya prefers detective novels, mysteries that he can pick apart, and though she doesn’t have a book specifically tailored to him, she does have a novel that she wrote last year which includes a theft that he could stew over. She slips through a crack between two towers of books close to her bed. Once she emerges on the other side, no books knocked over in the process, she sits by his head and opens the book to the first page.

Her lips part but rather than read aloud the first sentence, she just breathes. In her opinion, she doesn’t have much going for her. Over and over again, the world has instilled into her that she is ugly, and disgusting, and smelly and fat, but despite this, or maybe in a way because of this, she has a redeeming quality. The ability to write well. At first, writing was an escape from her life as those adjectives, but after being told that she had