— the tips of his fingers tapped away at his glass, and his gaze was far off, focused on nothing in particular.

Grillby stood on the other side of the bar, hands busily drying off a glass— his gaze was on the room before him, going from patron to patron.

It was, truly, a normal day at Grillby's.

The door creaked opened— Grillby's gaze went there, and stayed; his hands paused in their job.

Papyrus stood in the doorway, body blocking off the light from outside— his eyes went directly to Sans.

It took only a few seconds, for the whole bar to quiet— Sans shifted, blinked back into reality, and turned around to figure out why everybody had shut up.

His eyes widened. In the depth of one socket, a blue light flickered in surprise.

"boss?"

His voice carried easily.

Papyrus didn't say anything— didn't need to. His eyes carried the message easily, and Sans had no trouble reading it.


Come. Now.


He nodded, a quick jerk of his skull— turned to Grillby, and fished out the gold.

He didn't bother with any kind of pleasantry; simply laid the gold by his drink, and slipped out of his seat, striding across the floor as quickly as possible, without looking hurried.

Papyrus had already turned away, was already outside in the snow; Sans caught the door before it closed, and slipped out.

Outside, it was silent— snow blanketed every building, and the street was empty of people.

Just him, and Papyrus.

Sans hurried after his brother, managing to catch up quickly enough; his eyes went, immediately, to where Papyrus' scarf usually sat.

Worry gnawed, and after a quick glance around, Sans spoke: "bro..?"

The question went unsaid.

Papyrus shifted, eyes looking down at his brother. His face was still hard, but it almost seemed to soften at his brother's tone.

"I am fine," he said, voice nowhere near his usual level.

Sans sighed, softly, and nodded— he drew his attention away from the old cracks in the bone, and focused instead on walking.

It took them almost no time to get home; their house loomed over them, and Papyrus shifted aside, letting Sans unlock the door— he hadn't let go of his scarf for a second.

Sans frowned, and went inside.

As soon as Papyrus closed the door, Sans turned on him, arms crossed.

"bro, what's going on? you never remove your scarf."

Papyrus frowned down at him. "I'll tell you in a second."

Sans scoffed, but stepped aside— followed Papyrus to the couch, and threw himself down on the cushions.

"you better, after that scene at grillby's."

Papyrus huffed. He sat down, placed his scarf in his lap; and then he looked over at Sans.

"I found a human."

Sans' sockets widened. He leant forward, grin widening and teeth flashing. "that's great!" he frowned, then. "why're you being so cagey, then? 'ts a good thing, yeah?"

Papyrus frowned. He looked away, down at the scarf in his lap.

"I killed them."

Sans smile dipped, but just a bit; he leant closer, one hand coming up to rest on Papyrus' upper arm.

"couldn't have done anything else, bro. just how life is, yeah?"

Papyrus didn't answer, so Sans continued on: "beside, now the king can break the barrier! that's good, yeah?"

Papyrus frown deepened. Blue light flickered contemplatively in his sockets, and Sans' smile fell away.

"bro, whatever you're thinking, stop it."

Papyrus shook his head— finally meet Sans eyes again.

"I am not sure we should give the King the soul."

Sans jaw dropped.

He stared dumbly at Papyrus, before slowly clicking his teeth back together— he worked his jaw, searching for anything to say.

Eventually, he spoke: "pap, that's— that's stupid."

Papyrus huffed. "Sans—"

But Sans pressed one palm to Papyrus face, ignored the angry glare that gained him.

"no, don't you fucking sans me! the king needs just one more soul to break the barrier, to free us all!" his voice cracked; anger glowed in his eyes. "and now you're saying we shouldn't get the fuck out of here? that we shouldn't be free!"

Papyrus gaze softened— Sans glared up at him, teeth grit and shoulders raised. Red sparked in his sockets.

"this is what we've been dreaming of since we were brats, and now you don't want it?"

He pulled his hand back, clenched both of them. "what the fuck pap?"

Papyrus sighed. He looked down at the scarf in his lap, clicked his teeth.

"Do they deserve this?"

Sans blinked