wrong.”

He knows it was a useless move, but it was worth a try.

“You’ve legitimately been so negative this past… what, two and a half weeks?” Louis estimates. Zayn shrugs again. Louis pauses for a moment, drops his eyes and lets out a soft sigh. “What do you want to do, Zayn? You wanna go back to Doncaster or something? Because that’s where this all started.”

His voice is almost hurt. Like Zayn’s sadness reflects on his own mood. He hates it when Louis looks like this, like it’s his entire fault. But it’s been brought up now, hasn’t it? Zayn, really, has no other choice.

“Did you want to talk about it after work? You’re already late—“

“It can wait.” Louis replies, shifting so he’s sitting directly in front, already listening intently.

Zayn exhales, looks everywhere in the room except for Louis. He lands his gaze on his hands that are fiddling together.

“At Niall’s party, when you were drunk, you…said something.”

At that, Louis snorts, “Zayn, if there’s one thing you should know, my mind goes ridiculously kinky when I’m drunk, so if I proposed anything to you that you’re nervous about—“

“No, Lou.” Zayn says, not sure whether to laugh or not. He’ll keep that fact locked away in his mind for later, though. “It was, uh, something a little more serious than that.”

“Oh.” Louis frowns. “Okay. What was it, then?”

Zayn swallows. “You told me that, for your anniversary present, you wanted to become a ghost.”

Louis’ reaction is minimum. His face doesn’t change expression and he doesn’t say a word, but his eyes drift from Zayn’s and it’s obvious that he’s not shocked about it. Something ugly curdles in Zayn’s stomach.

The room becomes deathly quiet. Zayn decides to elaborate.

“I—you know how I became one, so why would you want to do that?”

“I guess I just thought that, like, things would be easier that way? It’s been a year, you know, and I think I… Like, instead of you becoming human, we could both be ghosts. You could introduce me to your ghost friends.” Louis explains, fumbling over his words. At the last part, Louis fakes a smile.

“Well, you can’t become one.” Zayn says, probably with more force than he intended.

It makes Louis blink, his head jerking backwards a little. “And why not?”

“Because!” Zayn frowns, raising his voice. The question hits something sensitive within him, like Louis has to argue his point, his desire to be dead. “There isn’t a way of knowing whether or not you’ll even be a ghost, Louis.”

Louis swallows, then crosses his arms over his chest and sticks out his chin. “You turned into one."

Zayn stands up from the bed and sighs in frustration as he feeds his fingers into his hair. “We’ve been over this. My family didn’t stay as ghosts because they didn’t need to stay. I did.”

Louis drops his arms along with his eyes; he suddenly looks so much smaller like this.

“Because you had to stay with me, right?” He says, almost a whisper.

“Exactly.”

“Well…” Louis darts his tongue out to lick his lips, then looks back up at Zayn. “If that’s the case then I’ll have to stay with you.”

“Louis.” Zayn growls. Growls. Louis stills at it. “You’re not dying. I’m not letting you.”

Nothing else is said and the rigidity of the room makes him realize how hot his cheeks are burning. He doesn’t think he’s ever had to raise his voice at Louis. He instantly wishes he hadn’t, but the topic of conversation seemed to have unleashed everything he’s been suppressing about it.

To occupy himself, he packs away Louis’ clothes from the hamper, setting aside a pair of socks for him. He can feel Louis’ eyes on him and Zayn wants to ask him why he’s not rushing to work, before Louis starts to talk.

“You know when we were at the orphanage, when we were speaking with Anne? I almost introduced you.” He says, softly. He’s looking into space now, not really focused on anything, just letting his words come as they do. “That happens so often, you know, in my head. When other teachers go on about their marriages and their partners, they always ask me if I’m seeing someone. God, Valentine’s Day was the worst, remember that? And it sucks because if I say no, then you know what they’re thinking