the mammal across from her. As soon as she got her hands on her carrot pen… !

“Oh, I brought you a present!” she Mayor announced cheerfully, pressing the remote on the hospital bed to lower her interlocutor at eye level. A light, paw-sized object with an orange ribbon dropped into the bunny’s lap. 

“Helloooo, Officer Hopps, I hope you’ll feel better soooooon! Your Mayor, Dawn Bellwether!” the pen-recorder announced as the landing provided enough force to activate the play button.

The bunny’s ears fell north like a lead ball. Tears of many emotions shot into her eyes. Anger, humiliation, failure, helplessness. But not defeat… not yet.

The ungulate looked delighted as the small medical dispenser on the table made a rattling noise when she shook it. She appeared almost reluctant to turn her attention away from it.

“Well that taken aside, you might also want to be mindful of the things most important in life… like your family.”

“What have you done?!” Judy snarled, getting mighty sick of this game. A game she was losing; losing badly.

The other female managed to look genuine hurt. “Why, nothing! I just thought you’d like to know that your parents had to leave for home a little earlier. You see, tiny little bunnies can get scared so easily by ambitious reporters. And since there is no one left in this big city to tell you, I felt compelled to ease your worries, my dear Judy.”

“What do you want?” the first bunny officer demanded, hating her voice for sounding weak and small.   

“Not being in a wheelchair.” The sheep deadpanned, “And from you…? Nothing really. Do your nice little duty as police officer and smile for the press. Then your blackmail, mob connections and general off-protocol activities will remain our sweet little secret.” she took delight in seeing the last flicker of naïveté die in the girl’s eyes. 

In the end, she truly was nothing more than a dumb bunny.  

Judy hid her face and traitorous tears in her hands. It had always been a mystery to her, what could possibly turn an honest cop into a mere puppet and had disdainfully (and quite arrogantly) sworn she’d never betray her oath to always let justice prevail. Now she realized that everything one held dear was nothing but collateral damage to those having the upper hand.

She nodded once in defeat.

With a smile, Bellwether raised the bed back to the highest position and leisurely wheeled herself back to the door.

“You know? We are very much alike, you and I. We had to work hard to prove ourselves worthy and will do anything to defend our achievements.”


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

- Ten days ago.

Bam. Bam, bam. Bam, bam, bam. 

The ground shook as a gigantic gray food hit the ground almost directly next to his hiding place. The invaders’ smells were mingled so thoroughly that they almost seized to be individuals. While this was not uncommon in herds, family groups and other close groupings of the same kind, it made little sense to the part of his brain currently in charge. It was impossible for him to get an accurate picture of the threat that way.


 The invaders had come out of nowhere. Large predators and even larger prey animals on two legs. Attracted by the white prey’s scream. 



Before being introduced to the Night Howler extract, the fox’s mind would have immediately thought of the bloodied and unmoving rodent lying in the pit, but that had been before. There was only one agenda now: his own survival. He had growled in irritation of having to leave the hunt without gain, right before a small projectile winged his shoulder, and forced a yelp of pain from his muzzle. 


The intruder finally left the immediate area. For a short while, he would be save in the unnatural landscape with its unnatural and dusty pelts. He fell into another fitful sleep with an empty stomach. Something had to happen. 

---

- Present.

 Judy spent the next three hours arguing with the medical staff (there really was no valid reason to keep her, as long as she continued with her medication), packing her meager possessions into the small suitcase her parents had left for her (alongside a Get-Better-Soon-Card with all her sibling's signatures, which stood taller than her) and waiting.

The last part she dreaded the most. Being stuck in this room where she could hear Bellwether's words echoing from the walls – figuratively speaking, of course – all by herself with nothing to focus on but her own dark thoughts, was terrifying. She would have left by herself, had HQ not given strict orders that she had to wait for an escort to drive her to her apartment. They would come for her as soon as two officers could be dispatched.

Therefore, she busied herself with reciting all her siblings' names in alphabetically order. This should be enough to keep her thinking about her predicament for some time.

Officers McHorn