still wasn't, the easiest person to get along with. His sense of humor was cutting, he never tolerated any sort of mistakes, and his obsession with chocolate had been legendary by the time they were out of middle school. Everyone had watched him. Everyone had wanted him, in some way.

Mello had never looked back at anyone but Matt.

(And Matt had let himself begin to hope.)

But none of it made sense anymore.

Matt sighed, flopping down onto the old couches in the lounge and staring morosely at the walls. Leaning back, he set the heels of his boots of the arms of the couch, crossing one arm behind him while he kept playing with the head of his lighter, the click-flip-cling of it quiet in the empty alcove. Moonlight shone steady on his boots.

They had decided to go to the same college.

They had decided to go to the same college, and be roommates, and Matt had never once stopped looking at Mello, had never stopped seeing Mello, and then….

Near.

Small, smart, pale, and challenging Near.

(Mello never could resist a challenge. Especially when he was told he would lose. )

Near pushed Mello in a way Matt couldn't. Matt let Mello win all the time, except in video games and computer technology, because Matt didn't care about winning. But Near did. And Mello did. And Mello hated being second best.

And Matt had to watch as his best friend (his crush of years) was taken away from him. There stopped being time for Mello to hang out in their room and play video games all Saturday with him, because Mello would be studying to beat Near, to always be on top. And he would never quite make it. Near would always be a step ahead of him.

So slowly, slowly, Mello had stopped talking about anything that didn't have to do with Near. Matt and Mello's daily lunches and dinners had stopped, and Matt would go down to the cafeteria to find Mello and Near arguing over food, gesticulating wildly and stabbing fingers and forks at ink-marked pieces of paper. Matt had looked at Mello's blonde head, bent so close to Near's white one, had seen the delight in his eyes, the glow and determination that would fill them when there was a problem to be solved.

Had seen, and had turned away, going back upstairs to turn on his games and skip class for the rest of the day to mindlessly shoot things, solve his own sort of problems with gunfire and a couple of pushes of buttons.

And then he had tried to ignore what he knew was happening.

Mello never could resist a challenge.

(Why wasn't Matt enough?)Cling!Jolting slightly, Matt blinked, zoning back into the world around him. His hands were shaking, trying and failing to keep flipping the top of the lighter. Standing, he paced agitatedly, ending up at the window time and time again. The lights from the lampposts reflected oddly on the snow beneath him, sending glittering, shifting images at his eyes. Matt reached up, taking off his goggles, blinking at the suddenly clean colors around him, yellow tint finally gone. Snow was white, and the lamplight was yellow, and they marked each other irreparably. There was no place for red in there, he thought, fingering a strand of his own hair. Auburn. Like dead leaves. Like him.

Now he didn't even want to go inside his own room. Entering his room meant seeing them. Meant watching them look at each other.

Watching Mello and Near date.

It killed Matt every time he had to see it. (First time was still the worst, though. Mello had finally gotten too frustrated, and had yanked Near forward and started kissing him, biting his lips as though still arguing with him. And Near had just smiled into it and kissed him back.(Matt had never been able to watch them kiss ever again; the tide of jealousy was just too much.)) But he was still Mello's best friend. And really, Near wasn't so bad. The three of them got along really well, Matt had to admit. They could be friends

But.

But….

Mello would look content, finally at ease with the world around him. And Near would drift off in the middle of sentences, and Matt would watch them both and have to leave because he wanted that. He wanted to have that sort of absent joy that came with being with someone. Just being on the outside of it kept getting harder and harder, and he hated feeling jealous of something he should be fucking happy about. But he wanted it with Mello. And Near had him, not Matt.

Slowly, Matt was losing hope that he could get his chance one day.

He hated it.

God, he hated watching Mello be happy with someone else.

He shouldn't! He should be happy for him! Mello and Near were happy together, even while they pushed and sniped at each other, even