and flashy.  It makes sense.  

“It looks good on you.”  He isn’t lying.

She seems genuinely pleased by his response, as if she put on the dress specifically for him to compliment her on it.  “I  know, right?”  She places both hands on her hips and leans forward.  
“I mean, it  is  from your father’s line of dresses.    And, I’m the one who’s wearing it.”  Chloe gives a nonchalant wave of her hand.  “  Of course  it looks good.”

“And, y’know.  Sabrina saw the dress first,” Chloe states.  And Adrien doesn’t know  why; why she’s bringing up Sabrina in this conversation, why she’s bringing her up even when they weren’t talking about her to begin with.  Chloe has always been the one to gossip, even about her best (and only) friend; but it still annoys Adrien more than he likes to think it does.

“What about it?” Adrien asks, trying to look as if he’s uninterested.

“She wanted to wear it to her mom’s birthday party, that’s, like, this weekend, or something,” Chloe scoffs and rolls her eyes.  “But, it just didn’t make any sense!  A silly little birthday party isn’t as important as an event like this.  So I made her return it and buy  me  it, instead.  But in a smaller size, of course.”

“Why?” Adrien gives her a look that’s somewhere between anger and confusion.

“Why?” Chloe echos him, unsure of why he’s asking since she  just  told him.  “What do you -- well, it doesn’t matter.  What matters is that  I’m here, and so are  you.”  

“No, why  ?” Adrien asks again.  “  Why  do you have to be so mean to her?  To everyone?”  He doesn’t understand, what exactly made Chloe the way she is; why she has no regard for anyone else but herself, why she’s similar to Adrien -- in a sense that she was raised in the absence of her mother -- and yet she’s also so vastly different from Adrien.  If the circumstances were different, would Adrien have turned out like that too?

Chloe steps back in shock.  “What?”

“I just … I don’t understand,” he starts.  “You … you don’t have a mom.  I don’t either,” his voice falters for a moment, but there’s a deepening strength in it.  “And yet, you’re so rude to  everyone !  Even Sabrina, who’s your best friend.”

Chloe opens her mouth, as if she wants to say something, anything.  But she doesn’t.  

“You don’t get to be rude to everyone just because you  can.  It doesn’t work like that.  And it never will,” Adrien looks at Chloe and her expression is one that shocks him; her eyes are slightly watering, but she blinks them away in an instant; her mouth is parted slightly as if she’s ready to scream at him.  

“It’s … it’s not like that,” she says unsteadily.  And Adrien thinks he’s finally seen one moment of pure vulnerability from the infamous Chloe Bourgeois.  He’s known her for almost two years and she’s always been loud and offensive but never once has she ever been vulnerable.  But because Chloe’s  Chloe, it fades quickly.  “How rude!”  She purses her lips, tips her chin upwards, and crosses her arms.  And just like that, the moment is gone.  Because Chloe Bourgeois wouldn’t be Chloe Bourgeois if she isn’t rude and impudent.  “You can talk to me when you can apologize for being such a jerk.”

She turns and stomps away, her heels loud, cacophonous, clanks against the white of the tiles, and her hands balled until they bleed white at the sides of her dress.

Adrien is thankful when she leaves.




“Chat, where do you think we’ll be in the future?”  Ladybug asks, unprompted.  “Do you think we’ll still be ‘Ladybug and Chat Noir,’ ten years down the road?”  

 Ladybug and Chat Noir.  Not just Ladybug; not just Chat Noir.  The phrase makes Chat's hands freeze and his chest warm.  "I hope so, princess."  He glances up at her from where he's sitting.  "Maybe, you’ll even be  Mrs. Chat Noir, by then,” he grins widely at her, and she laughs lightly in response.  “And we’ll make cherry pies because it’s your favorite; and macaroons with coffee fillings because it’s my favorite,” Chat beams at her.

“In your dreams, silly kitty,” she pauses to tickle the underside of his chin.  She says it teasingly, but she’s right.  She’s all he can ever dream of, even on the bad nights.  He