Sehun ?

From : Sehun Yes. Come on. Tell me !!!!!!!!

From : Junmyeon hyung Fine. I knew Chanyeol. Before you made us meet I mean.

From : Sehun What ??? But Chanyeol hyung never said anything !!!

From : Junmyeon hyung He doesn’t remember me.

From : Sehun …why didn’t u tell me ?

From : Junmyeon hyung It’s personal. And Chanyeol didn’t recognize me so I didn’t see why I should tell you. Or him.

From : Sehun Is it something serious? Did he hurt u? Do u want me to punch him for u? (we both know u couldn’t)

From : Junmyeon hyung I’m fine Sehun.

From : Sehun If u change ur mind call me I’ll punch him real good

Junmyeon smiled. Sehun didn’t have to know. Junmyeon didn’t want to jeopardize Sehun and Chanyeol’s friendship for something this petty and ridiculous. He was fine. True, he still felt a bit hurt, but it wasn’t like he was the only one in this kind of situation. Something like this happened to others every other day for Christ’s sake. He needed to stop acting like a child.

So what if he had a one night stand with someone attractive he knew from afar and the guy was drunk and didn’t remember a thing the next day, and then that same guy let him down the next morning because he had someone else? It was ridiculous. So why was Junmyeon still thinking about him? Why couldn’t he stop thinking about that night? Junmyeon remembered Chanyeol’s breath on his neck, his warm lips on his body, and how his heavy gaze made Junmyeon hot and bothered...Why couldn’t he forget, like Chanyeol had?

 

 

The next weekend, Junmyeon was shocked to see Chanyeol on his doorstep with two take out coffees. Spluttering a weak “come in”, Junmyeon led the way towards his kitchen, awkwardly standing behind the table to put some distance between them.

Chanyeol looked cold. His cheeks were a little red despite his beany, huge coat, and scarf. He still looked good though and Junmyeon’s chest ached. “You can sit here.” He offered, motioning for the chair.

Smiling gratefully, Chanyeol put the cups on the table and took off his winter clothes, sitting quietly. If he didn’t know any better Junmyeon would say Chanyeol seemed self-conscious and bashful – he was too quiet. Junmyeon wasn’t used to seeing the younger act this way and he immediately felt guilty.

Finally, Junmyeon sat as well and they looked at each other in silence for a while, before Chanyeol cleared his throat. “So,” he began. “Sehun wouldn’t talk to me and looked mad…and I don’t know why. But I suspected it has something to do with the fact that you didn’t meet up with us for two weeks.”

Junmyeon planted his nails on his thighs, uncomfortable. He wanted to refute but his mouth wouldn’t work. It didn’t seem to bother Chanyeol though. “I don’t know what I did to upset you, but I’m sorry. Can I make it up to you?”

“Are you really sorry or are you doing it because of Sehun?” Junmyeon couldn’t help but ask. He knew he acted defensive but he didn’t care.

Chanyeol looked nonplussed. He frowned and Junmyeon couldn’t read him. Was he going to get angry? Was he getting frustrated? “I’m not here because of Sehun. I’m here because of you," he stated simply, serious and sincere.

Junmyeon’s eyes widened comically, not prepared to hear something like this falling out of Chanyeol’s mouth. “Thank you.” He replied quietly, feeling less tense.

“What happened? Was it something I said or I did?” Chanyeol asked again, pressing the subject.

The older one sighed loudly, feeling cornered. He couldn’t keep mum now, right? It would be inconsiderate and childish. They were both adults – they could talk about it and get over it.

“I knew you from before.” Junmyeon licked his lips. “I saw you around the campus, and we met at a party once. About nine months ago.”

Chanyeol nodded slowly, frowning as he struggled to remember. He looked lost and his fingers kept stroking his cup as he chewed on his lips nervously.

“You said you knew me from somewhere,” Junmyeon added, hoping it would help him remember something, anything, from that night. But it didn’t. The younger one was hanging on his every word, waiting.

“You said I had a beautiful smile," he whispered, lowering his gaze and flushing slightly.

When he looked back at Chanyeol, the younger seemed confused. “Nine months ago? But…I was…I had…”

“Someone, I know. You told me the next morning.” Junmyeon confessed, finally dropping the bomb.

Chanyeol opened his mouth and closed it a