but Baekhyun remained seated where he was. He was soaked in rainwater but still kept on listening to loud music until his player just malfunctioned and he was left with nothing but the sound of rain splashing against the asphalt and joining puddles.

            Streetlights dominated the area looking like orange wisps hovering in the air showing him the way to wherever but he never gave a damn about it. The simple beauties he used to appreciate slowly became nothing but plane items. It was as if somehow, his simple appreciations was tied to his belief of love and that when he realized that the love he believed in was just a farce, everything with it was pulled to a cold end.

            No more sunshine… just rain like the one showering him.

            In the midst of dark and cold, he stared across the street, fiddling his fingers as a distant car drove by, splashing him with puddle-water but he didn’t give a damn. Since that awful night, he never gave a damn. He played Chanyeol’s Baekkie but after that, he would get as far away from Chanyeol as possible.

            No more… Baekhyun’s tears escaped his eyes. It camouflaged with the rain water that dripped from his head.

            Then as if by some miracle, the rain had stopped. It was still ongoing–Baekhyun could still hear and see the rain falling from the sky but the area around him stopped raining.

            “You’ll catch a cold,” male voice. Deep. Familiar.

            Baekhyun didn’t look up but kept his gaze to where it always stared at – across the street. He just nodded his head and ignored Chanyeol who apparently had an umbrella with him.

            “Stand up, let’s go back–”

            “I don’t give a shit…” Baekhyun interjected. Not with a mad voice or with any voice indicating negative… just monotonous as if he had no soul, no care… no nothing.

            “Stand up, Baek,” Chanyeol said once more.

            Baekhyun chuckled but didn’t look at Chanyeol, “So what? So you could fuck me here and now?” He didn’t wait for Chanyeol’s response, “Leave me alone.”

            The rain resumed and Baekhyun presumed that Chanyeol had left him but he was surprised when he still heard him talk. Apparently, Chanyeol just closed the umbrella to mourn with him.

            “I didn’t think you’d take it seriously,” Chanyeol said.

            Baekhyun jaw tensed and he slowly lifted his head up to Chanyeol menacingly, “Then I was a fool.”

            “Baek, you’re not a fool,”

            “Then what am I?” Baekhyun said the moment Chanyeol finished, “A fuck buddy, a sex toy, your doll?”

            “We only did it once,”

            “That was my first time!” Baekhyun stood up, locking his eyes at Chanyeol, “Joke or not if you wanted to defile me… you could have done it gently,” Baekhyun’s voice lowered, “You could have coaxed me into oblivion, into believing what’s not… at the very least,” Baekhyun swallowed, unapparent tears flowing down his eyes, “…at the very least I could have felt like you loved me.”

            Chanyeol ducked his head, recalling the memory of his tyranny. It’s no wonder Baekhyun felt so tight… Chanyeol was Baekhyun’s first.

            Then as if like a wind-up toy running out of turns, Baekhyun trembled with each breath he took, “But I guess you love me too much to trick me into believing that it was real,” sarcasm was in Baekhyun’s voice, “I’m too positive.” Baekhyun took a seat back on the sidewalk and stared across the street once more.

            “Am I too late?” Chanyeol’s tone decreased and he sat beside Baekhyun.

            Baekhyun stretched a forced out smile, “How can I know?”

            “If I tell you I love you…”

            “So you could have another rough night with me?” Baekhyun interjected, “Sorry, boy but that won’t get you fifteen minutes on the bed.”

            Chanyeol realized that there could be no way for him to convince Baekhyun of his true feelings. Yes, his intention was just to defile Baekhyun that night but somehow after that, the way Baekhyun changed after that intercourse, Chanyeol felt responsible and he suddenly found himself unable to erase Baekhyun from his thoughts.

            Chanyeol convinced himself that Baekhyun probably had sex with other people before so he wouldn’t take it seriously but Baekhyun’s actions said otherwise and knowing that he was Baekhyun’s first eliminated all the doubts.

            Chanyeol stood up but Baekhyun barely noticed him. Knowing that there is no way for him to convince Baekhyun, he went to his last resort. He slipped his hands under Baekhyun’s armpit and lifted Baekhyun up.

            Baekhyun squirmed, resisting Chanyeol but he was less than helpless. Chanyeol carried Baekhyun as though as they were a newlywed couple and started walking back to their dorm, rainwater showering them both.

            Baekhyun tried kicking but it was futile. He couldn’t get off Chanyeol though another night of pain was ahead of him.

            “Forgiveness,” Chanyeol muttered as he