my superior officers, and if I can't keep it shut myself he give me something to shut it with. And then he'll order me down on my knees with my hands behind my back. He'll palm his dick through his trousers until they're nicely tented and then he'll pull down his zip and out will fall his hot hard cock. Of course it'll be at least eight inches."

He grins wickedly at Jim. "You do know that you'll never make Captain if you can't make eight inches? Anyway, he'll pump it a few times with the head right in front of my eyes and then he'll wipe it across my face, smearing my lips with the precome. He'll order me to open my mouth like a good little subordinate and he'll shove it in, a hand in my hair to keep me in place and he'll fuck my mouth, slow and deep…"

Leonard jumps as his comm chimes a reminder. He abruptly loses the grin and runs a hand nervously through his hair. "Damn. Time to go and the face the music. I'll comm you when I'm done, OK? You'll be around?"

Jim nods, not admitting that he has no intention of going anywhere. Underneath all the bluster he knows how worried Bones is. He may not fully understand why his friend is so stressed by this but he is not going to leave him to face it alone. He pulls out a PADD and starts in on some readings as he waits.

Some forty minutes later Leonard comes bounding down the steps. "Thank god in heaven that's over!"

"And how did it go? Any sexy times? You don't look like you're limping." Jim leers at him speculatively.

"It was awful. If I ever had a crush on that man - and mind you I'm not admitting to anything here – it's now well and truly over. I swear he's dead from the neck down. Probably the biggest thrill he gets is jerking off as he signs off the Captain's log. It was 40 minutes of the most appallingly dull lecture ever. He pulled out every confounded cliché in the book: he's disappointed in me, I need to show more maturity, need to act with more discipline, need to reassess my attitude. You catch more flies with honey than vinegar. He actually said that, I swear! And after half an hour of this crap, he finally admits that yes, I was right, the instructor was advocating dangerous practices, but maybe I shouldn't have told him in quite that way. Hell Jim, I knew that already. I didn't need to waste an hour of my life hearing it again."

"Ah Bones, I'm sorry it was so disappointing." Jim hooks an arm around the other man's neck and pulls their heads together, whispering in his ear. "When I'm Captain and you're my CMO I promise that I will take you over my lap in the Captain's chair and give you the spanking you so clearly want!"

Leonard pushes him away, laughing. "Jim, with your disciplinary record, by the time anybody makes you Captain of anything, my ass will be so old and scrawny you'll have no interest in it any more."

Jim acts shocked, placing a hand ostentatiously over his heart. "I'll always be interested in your ass, Bones, a fine peachy ass it is." He reaches over to squeeze a butt cheek and Leonard swats his hand away.

"Get your mind out of the gutter, kid, hard though that is for you. Let's go and get trashed."

"So that's a promise about the spanking thing when you're my CMO, then?"

"Yeah, yeah, me your CMO? It won't happen in my lifetime so OK, why not?"

"Careful what you promise, Bones, we're only six months off graduating and then who knows what will happen."

The two men walk off down the path, squabbling companionably.

* * *

"What are you looking at, Chris?" Phillip Boyce walks across Pike's office to where the Captain is staring out of his window down at the lawns in front of the building.

"Oh, the infamous Dr McCoy. I heard about this. You've just had a disciplinary meeting with him, right?"

Chris leans against the windowsill, watching the two men arguing on the grass below. "I have indeed. Is the doctor as good as he's rumoured to be?"

"Better, probably. Amazing surgeon, talented researcher, works damned hard. But he has a real problem with authority matched with a guilt complex a mile wide. And a dreadful bedside manner. I think most of his patients recover so quickly just to be able to get away from him. So how did the meeting go?"

Chris grins. "You should have heard me, Phil