love it! I'll wear it for the next ball we attend!"


She quickly placed the necklace back and caressed it, her hand passing over the similarly shaped earrings as well.


"Such beautiful things! Thank you!" With those words she placed the box on her nightstand and attacked Harry with kisses all over his body.


Harry just wished that they could go to sleep already. After all, the children would wake them up early in the morning.




* * *

The next morning, he was woken in the usual way, as he had every Christmas morning since James was four. Their bed was invaded by their excited children, all demanding that they get up and go down with them to open their presents. Harry loved these mornings as they reminded him that his children had a happy childhood. They quickly put their dressing gowns on and hurried downstairs.


The children squealed at the sight of their gifts and dived straight in. Harry stood watching the ruckus with a wide grin. In these moments, he sometimes remembered the time when he was heading towards the Forbidden Forest, ready to die. He thought it was all over, and he would never get a taste of real happiness. How wrong he had been. He looked over to Ginny, who had made it all possible and wanted to thank her. However, he was stopped by the frown on her face, and then he recalled how she always grumbled about the wrapping papers beings thrown about the room. She was always so afraid that her expensive furniture would get damaged in the commotion. He was about to wrap his arms around her to make sure that she would not interrupt them, when Dinky appeared and gave them both a cup of hot chocolate. Harry smiled down gratefully at the little elf.


The children were very happy with their presents and wanted to enjoy them straight away, but Harry told them that they needed to have breakfast first. They grudgingly settled down at the table and ate their fill. Harry looked around and thought of Hermione. It was her first Christmas without her children and she must have been devastated. He hoped that it was going to be her last.


Even in Hermione's absence, their day progressed the way it usually did. After some playtime, which for Al was reading time, they all got dressed to visit their grandparents. All the Weasley children and grandchildren gathered for a Christmas lunch at the Burrow. After eating, the women helped clear away the remnants of the meal, and the children went out to play in the snow. That year they actually had a white Christmas. In some years the adults had to conjure snow. Harry joined in on the vigorous snowball fight and took special delight in dousing Ron with as much cold as possible. He felt he really needed to make him feel the chill. Once exhausted, he went inside to warm up with a cup of tea he found in the kitchen.


Practically everyone was outside and as he sipped his hot drink, he observed the extended Weasley family. If everything went according to plan, this would be the last time his children got to play with most of their cousins. He was sad for them, but he hoped that in school they would still meet, or that the rift that his decision was going to cause would heal over time. He wondered if it was worth it. The people outside had been through so much with him over the years. They lived through a war together, shared their losses. His heart clenched at the memory of the dead, and for a moment, he doubted that he could actually go through with the plan. Then he remembered all that Draco had said about what the Light Families were doing, of Hermione, of all the reasons why he started on the path in the first place. Still, he knew that the Weasleys were his family, and they would leave a hole in his life that he doubted anyone could fill. He was going to lose his family again, but at least he would not be left alone. It still hurt, but Hermione's absence hurt as well. It should have hurt the Weasleys too, but it didn't appear to. They seemed to dismiss her, close their doors in front of her and not care anymore. That didn't feel right to him and he considered that perhaps to all those people she once called family she didn't matter as much as they let her to believe. Were they the same with him? Only time would tell. With a sigh, he let it all drift away from him in the wind and made peace with the situation. He was ready to face whatever came his way.


The children could only be dragged into the house once night fell. Harry silently thanked whoever came up with Warming Charms; as without them, undoubtedly all of the kids would have gotten the cold. Even the promise of presents couldn't tear them away from their play. The bottom of the great Christmas tree in the living room was filled with packages. Everyone received a Weasley jumper, and they all quickly put them on to make the great Christmas family photo in front of the tree