it wasn’t awful.

It wasn’t awful neither disappointing.

It lit a fire he though near dead.

Tetsu said ‘thank you’, which was a stupid thing to say. Aomine was the one who wanted to say ‘thank you’.

“Thank you, Tetsu, for bringing Kagami into my life” There was no way Aomine would say that, but Satsuki was there to mock him about it; to say it out loud, trying to imitate his voice. “Kind of sounds like something you say to the mother of your bride, doesn’t it? You should really thank him, Ganguromine-kun”

He loved her like a sister a little too much, so he couldn’t really get mad at her, even when she said the stupidest things.

Even when she was totally right and he didn’t want to admit it.

The fourth time was her fault. Or Tetsu’s. Or both.

But he got to play with Kagami once more, so it wasn’t that bad, even if it costed him a pair brand new Air Jordans.

Kagami was really a hero. He saved Aomine, and had that bright light lit inside him that could bring to life even the dimmest of lights in others.

It was a warm light.

Kagami lost that time, but it didn’t really count.

Kagami’s light was the kind of light that shone brighter when exposed to other’s lights.

That time none of them said hello either.

“Kagami, I think we should be friends, I don’t know how to say it because I’m a stupid ganguro and have no friends, but please be nice with me, and also, I really like you.” Sometimes Satsuki was too much like a sister to not hate her a little. “Shut up for once!” How could he know the difference between the light that shone with his passion for basketball and the one that shone just for Kagami? “You like him, don’t you, Dai-chan? You’re a basketball idiot, there’s no difference between both lights. Why don’t you become his friend, you stupid loner?”

He wanted to hate her sometimes. Sometimes he wanted to hug her and say ‘thank you’ a million times, because she was the best.

The fourth time, they didn’t really met. Seirin was playing against Rakuzan. It was a little out of character, but he didn’t want Kagami to lose. Not against anyone else.

The fifth time was awkward.

Kagami was on a street court playing alone, probably waiting for Tetsu. Aomine was killing time while Satsuki shopped for stuff for the team.

None of them said hello.

Aomine walked past Kagami, and laid down on a bench with a nice shade. Kagami looked at him dumbfounded, like he wanted to say something cool but missed the chance.

It was awkward.

Kagami wanted so bad to talk to him, to play with him, but couldn’t bring himself to say so.

It was a normal Friday afternoon.

Satsuki called Aomine to pick her up, and Kagami just saw him go in silence, as if he were transparent. He wanted to feel offended, but wondered if Kuroko felt that way all the time, and remembered that Kuroko never arrived. Or probably did so and left him by himself to deal with the awkwardness.

The sixth time was a repetition of the fifth, and the seventh was a repetition of the sixth.

By the ninth it was kind of a routine.

“Then why do you keep going, Kagami-kun?”

Why did he keep going?

“Dai-chan, let’s go shopping this Friday, I will buy you lunch”

“Can’t. I have something to do”

Exactly why did they keep going?

They knew the other was going to be there. Kagami sometimes tried to make a cool move and looked towards Aomine to check if he saw it.

“Tell Kagamin I said hello”

Aomine saw each and every one of those idiot moves.

And every time he though “Is he an idiot? He won’t make it. Oh, nice, he actually made it”. Every time he though “Why does he look towards me? I want to play with him. I want to talk to him. Why do I want to talk to him?”

He though in details. In every little thing that Kagami made. The economy of his movements individually, out of basketball. The way he flexed his knees before shooting and when he did so to pick up his bag. The way he avoided his eyes when Aomine surprised him looking towards him.

The night before the tenth time, he though “I think I like him”

There was no difference between the light Kagami lit and the one his passion for basketball lit. It was all for Kagami. He was really a basketball idiot.

It was the first time a satisfactory dream didn’t include Horikita Mai-chan.

“Kagami-kun, are you going again this Friday?”

Kagami was decent enough to look ashamed