the kitchen, wrapping an arm around her waist for a moment before moving away to sit. 



Lukas is still semi-frozen in the hallway, so Philip drags him into the kitchen and seats them down next to each other, fingers still interlocked like if they could hold on tightly enough everything else would be fine. It’s evident from the plates and half-eaten pancakes on the table that Lukas had interrupted them in the middle of breakfast, but the mood is all wrong for eating. 



“Would you like anything to drink?” Helen asks Lukas, “Milk, juice, coffee?” 



Lukas might puke up anything he tries to eat or drink right now. “Um, no- no thanks.” 



“Philip’s mother will be here in an hour or so,” Helen says in an obvious attempt to diffuse the tension hanging in the air, “Have you had breakfast? You could join us if you like.” 



“I’ve eaten.” He’s incapable of forming sentences longer than two words now, it seems. He’s similarly incapable of looking anyone in the eye or lifting his gaze up from the highly fascinating wood grains in the table. 



“Are we the first people you’ve told about your relationship?” Gabe ventures.



“I’ve told my mom. That time I went into the city.” Philip sounds nervous too, just a little. Lukas can almost hear him biting his bottom lip.



“And your mom approves?” Philip must have nodded, because his foster father continues gently, a smile hidden somewhere in his tone, “That’s good. That’s very good, actually. Of course, the two of us are perfectly fine with it as well. It’s your life, your decisions. We just want you to be happy. Don’t we, babe?” 



It occurs to Lukas that if his father was anything like Gabe, he’d have come out ages ago, then promptly feels guilty for wishing that his father 

was 

Gabe. Bo was a good father, usually. He did his best. 



“Of course. You’re welcome here anytime, Lukas,” Helen assures them, and when Lukas finally looks up it’s to see that the sheriff has a warm smile on her face. She looks way less intimidating and quite a bit younger like that.



“Thanks,” he tries to say, but his voice is somehow shot to hell and he ends up croaking it out instead.



Philip huffs out a laugh before turning solemn again. “Thank you,” he pauses for a moment, “It means something to me. That you’re- okay with this.” 



“It’s what families do, Philip,” Gabe says. 



And Lukas wants to say no, it’s what 

your 

family does, but he’ll sound bitter and he 

is 

happy for Philip, and happy for himself that at least this part of coming out is good and easy. It makes him feel cautiously optimistic, and he doesn’t want to ruin it. Helen and Gabe are picking up their utensils again, and Philip’s excusing them from the table before pulling Lukas into what Lukas assumes is his room. 



He doesn’t even have a chance to see more than a bed (carelessly made) and a table before being pushed up against the door and kissed messily. A minute or two passes before he has to come up for air, and it’s with their faces inches apart and both of them grinning triumphantly that Lukas finally says his first word to Philip all day, “Hey.” 



And then, because he can, “Boyfriend.” 



Philip shakes his head slightly, chuckling, and mumbles against his lips, “You’re going to kill me.”



“Where’s my ‘hey yourself’?” He asks, mock-affronted.



“I can do better,” Philip says and pulls him back in for another kiss.


All too soon, Philip’s urged them out onto the porch so that he won’t miss the exact moment that his mother arrives. And because kissing in front of Gabe and Helen is still a step further than either of them want to contemplate, they’re simply sitting there, holding hands, Philip shaking his leg and running a hand through his hair now and again, utterly restless.


It takes what feels like forever, but in reality is probably no more than fifteen minutes, for the black social services car to rumble down the lane. Philip leaps to his feet and races down the steps, pulling the back door open before the car’s even fully stopped. The other three of them follow just a step behind.



“Mom,” he chokes out, and engulfs the woman in a hug. 



For a moment, Lukas is taken aback by how fragile-looking Philip’s mother is. Even though he can’t see most of her, what with Philip clutching her like that, it’s obvious that she’s practically skin and bones, and Lukas is almost worried that she might break if the wind blew too hard. 



“Philip.” She pulls back and kisses her