… to give me the most intense pleasure I can possibly stand and make me come.  And if I’m feeling generous when it’s all over, and I’ve had my fill, I might just let you come, too.”  Her voice is steady and deep, and filled with a torturous, thrilled sort of pleasure.  He can hear in her voice that it is far more than just the promise of pleasure that she enjoys – the very fact that she has him in thrall delights her.  “Now take us to my bedchamber.”

All on its own, his magic surrounds them, and in a blink they stand in the middle of her luxurious bedroom.

“The lights, if you would, please,” she murmurs, stepping away.  With a thought, half the candelabras in the room are lit, giving the room a soft glow that makes her look even lovelier than before.  She smiles gently, every bit the sweet little Belle he’s come to know, and then turns and walks away.  She sets the dagger down on the vanity beside her bed.  Her smile turns mischievous as she catches his eyes in the mirror, and she begins unlacing her bodice.

Rumpelstiltskin had always imagined it would be terrifying to have someone else control the dagger, to be rendered completely powerless in spite of being the most powerful creature in all the land, to be at someone else’s mercy, to be forced to do the kind of unspeakably evil things even he would not do of his own free will.  But with Belle holding the dagger, compelling him to do these things for her, with desire instead of darkness in his heart, feels erotic and thrilling and utterly wonderful.  Her possessing the dagger feels as though she is caressing his very soul, claiming him as her own, and in that moment he wants her to be his mistress forever.

She strips her clothes away slowly, layer by layer, until she stands completely bare in front of him, her dark hair falling over the pale skin of her shoulders.  Her back is still to him, and in the mirror, he sees her skin flush pink with lust, and what can only be some precious bit of innocence, as she picks up the dagger again.  She presses a kiss to the blade, then flicks her tongue across it, and he hisses at the sensation.  She glances at him in the mirror, and grins.  She lays the blade flat against her chest and drags it down between her breasts, and the heat of her body consumes him.  He feels the loss like a chill when she sets it back on the table.

Finally, she turns around and lets him see her fully, all smooth porcelain skin and sensuous curves.  She crooks her finger at him, beckoning him to her, and he is all too happy to obey.  She takes his wrists and tugs his arms around her waist, then drapes her own arms around his neck.  “Kiss me,” she commands, and then presses her lips to his.  He kisses her back, pressing his tongue into her mouth as she pulls him as close as she can, her breasts and bare skin soft and warm against him.

“I’ve seen the way you look at me, Rumpelstiltskin,” she whispers, her lips still brushing against his.  “Tell me what you think of when you stare at me.”

He doesn’t need the dagger’s magic to compel him to answer.  “You’re so beautiful, Belle,” he murmurs, kissing her between words.  “I can’t take my eyes off of you.  I want you more than anything.  I can’t stop thinking about you.”

She smiles and kisses him again, drawing his tongue into her mouth and sucking on it.  She leaves him dizzy when she pulls away.  “Show me what that magic feels like.”

He obeys, and with a moment’s concentration to set the magic right, he sends a gentle wave of it through her body.  Her eyes fall shut and she sighs, head tilting back a little.  He gathers the magic at her core, intensifying it, and Belle grinds he whole body against him, moaning before the wave subsides.  She smiles and leans into him, nipping at his earlobe.

“You know how to pleasure a woman, don’t you?  Start off gentle, with a slow build up and a long, intense orgasm.  Hmm?”  He swallows hard and nods.  “Good.”  She steps backward towards the bed and pulls him along with her.  She stops just as the backs of her knees touch the bedspread.

“You can kiss me and touch me if you want to.  But remember, you don’t come or move from where you stand until I say so.  Now make me scream.”

He groans, and sends another pulse of magic through her, stronger and more intense than the first.  He follows it with more, sending the magic through her body in slow but persistent waves.  He takes full advantage of her permission to touch, running his hands all along her back and hips and arms, filling his hands with her breasts