across some charm in one of the books they had been scouring. He went down on his hands and knees to retrieve the books from the obscured spot underneath his bed, but they weren’t there.

“She doesn’t even mind that I’m missing an ear. She told me it made me holey. She’s got the same sense of humour as you, Fred. Absolutely pathetic,” he said teasingly.

Fred wondered why George believed he was missing an ear. The last time he remembered seeing George, both his ears had been firmly attached to his head. Not that he had tried tugging them or anything.

“I certainly miss having someone complete my sentences for me,” George said.

Fred’s eyes widened in astonishment. Where was George? Why did he think he was all alone?

Since the door knob was still not working, he tried opening the window. But it stayed completely still, and no matter how much pried it with his fingers it did not move a single inch. He beat his fists on it, marveling at the fact that no matter how hard he bashed it that it never shattered. His arms still felt weak and sore, and soon he felt extremely tired. Maybe if he took a short nap, the whole situation would make more sense he woke up.

~*~

He slept peacefully for quite a while, but when he awoke again, he realised that everything still made little sense to him. He lay peacefully looking at the back of his eyelids for a little while, wondering why he couldn’t hear the sound of his own rhythmic breathing. He supposed he was just breathing very very quietly.

“I named him Fred. He looks a lot like you, you know. Funnily enough, he looks quite a bit like me as well.”

Fred jumped at the sound of the voice, but then remembered it was coming from his brother, who was still nowhere to be seen.

“It’s quite fashionable to name children after dead family members. Harry and Ginny have a little boy called James Sirius, and another one called Albus Severus. Don’t know why he named him after the greasy git, but Harry maintains that Snape saved his life…”

Fred, however, had stopped listening after the word dead. 

Dead. Is that what happened to him? How had he died? He shut his eyes briefly, as if expecting the skies to swallow him whole and take him beyond now that he had realised what had occurred. But nothing transpired. He was still in his room at the Burrow.

Was this the end then? Was this…was this death? It couldn’t be…surely death had to be more exciting than an uncluttered bedroom. Fred swallowed. Why wasn’t George with him? Surely they would have died together. He held his head in hands. Why couldn’t he remember his death? Vague memories ran through his mind: a swamp, covering one of the corridors at Hogwarts, George, still smiling even though one side of his head was covered in dark blood, a battle at Hogwarts, colorful jets of light flying in all different directions.

He bolted upright. He recalled what had happened now. A corridor had been blasted apart; a wall had collapsed on him. He sat down, shuddering. Somehow, knowing the circumstances of his demise didn’t seem as traumatising as it should have been.

He consoled himself in the fact that at least things made a little more sense now. He was dead, which meant that nothing had to be logical. He was locked in his bedroom, George was on the other side, and he had a strong craving for roasted chicken.

He sighed. Being dead was rather boring. There wasn’t even anyone to tell jokes to. He could try telling them to himself, but they weren’t just as hilarious when he already knew the punch line. In fact, the only thing that he could really do was sleep. He tried to pull the covers back on his bed, but he could not shift them. It was really strange, he reflected, that he couldn’t manipulate the objects in the room. It was as if they were not fully real. He sighed and resigned himself to lying on top of the bed. He closed his eyes and slept some more.

~*~

“I’m getting old, Fred.” George’s voice sounded as weary and as lethargic as Fred’s body felt. “It’s been so long.” Fred agreed with this sentiment. It had been so very long since he had heard George’s voice in his bedroom.

“I think…I think that I will be joining you soon.”

Fred jumped up and peered out the window. It was a sunny day, a perfect day for a game of Quidditch. He hadn’t ridden a broom in so long…and now George was coming, any moment now. He keenly observed the rambling paths that led to the Burrow from the village.

He wasn’t really quite sure what he should be on the lookout for. George had mentioned