this was all just some make-believe fantasy. A game, of sorts. He could forgive them for their innocence, but he couldn't forgive the people who sanctioned such blindness.

But who was he to talk about forgiveness? He still couldn't muster the courage to analyze the truth behind that night.

He was truly a coward.

"Naruto, what are you doing here?" cried a blonde, and he distinctly remembered her as the screeching loudmouth heiress of the Yamanaka clan. He'd had the pleasure of meeting up with the representatives of the great clans every few years, and that entailed making nice with the heirs as well.

That responsibility wasn't supposed to be his, but he doubted Konoha would welcome back a mass-murderer as the rightful heir.

Itachi shook his head.


Now was not the time.


"I'm a genin, what do you think?" scoffed Uzumaki, his cerulean eyes rolling back in exaggerated exasperation. "Geez, Ino, you can be pretty dumb sometimes."

The Nara heir groaned from behind Itachi's desk, and the distinct thud of a head hitting wood followed his exhalation.

"What did you just say?" came the indignant shriek, and Itachi tuned them out, returning to surveying the rest of the classroom. Surely, there must be some aspiring-ninja in his vicinity who weren't completely incompetent or hopeless.

The bell rang and Yamanaka's voice was drowned out by the echoing rattle. A head of obnoxiously pink hair obstructed his view of the door, and when she finally sat down, Iruka-sensei's lanky form was ticking off on his notepad as he entered.

"Good morning, class!" he chirped, much too enthusiastic for a homeroom teacher of fledgling assassins.

A varying monotony of responses chorused back at him, some like the Nara heir not even bothering to lift their head off the desk.

"Today's the day you'll be meeting your jounin sensei, so I expect you're all sufficiently impatient," Iruka-sensei continued, gesturing for the rambunctious ones to quiet down. "I have a list here of the team assignments, and when I call your names, you will move to sit beside your teammates in an orderly fashion. Do I make this clear?"

"Yes, sensei," came the chorus.

As the instructor began to list off names, Itachi's mind wandered elsewhere. He already knew his assigned jounin instructor, considering the nature of his doujutsu. It would be irredeemably stupid of him if he pretended not to know. Hatake Kakashi was the only living Sharingan user currently within Konoha's boundaries, one that wasn't a certified missing-nin, and Itachi was pleased to note that the man had a reputation for being indifferent, if not downright cruel, towards all the genin he had tested previously.

One less person to fawn over him in sickeningly insincere sympathy. He could appreciate that.

Two heads to his left, Uzumaki Naruto bolted out of his own reverie when his name was abruptly called.

"...Haruno Sakura, and Uchiha Itachi," Iruka drawled, his eye twitching as he progressed through the names. "Hmm? Your sensei is... oh. God help you three." He shook his head, blinking rapidly. "Hatake-sensei will meet you on the rooftop."

Naruto hollered something unintelligible, not that Itachi particularly cared to listen, and shot towards the door without as much as a backwards glance. He briefly considered taking off through the window, but rejected the idea immediately after he saw his other teammate shoot him a pitiful glance.

The girl...

Itachi sighed. Maybe she would be more receptive towards dyeing her hair to a natural color, if not completely shaving it off?

He got up, following the girl—no, Haruno, to the rickety door and up the staircase. She remained quiet throughout the short walk, her eyes downcast and contemplative as her fingers played with the worn thread of her red training gi. If he squinted really hard, he could vaguely remember her being with the Yamanaka heiress during their first year at the Academy. They had been a lot younger back then, and she had obviously stopped hanging off of the blonde now, but Itachi hadn't paid the local gossip mill any mind after the... event. Things like socializing and being in-the-know seemed so petty and infantile to him now.

Still. She was awfully quiet for someone who had spent the better part of two years in a platonic bond with a girl as talkative as Yamanaka. It didn't seem right.

However, it was nice to not be showered with pitying glances or adoring sighs. Despite his muted, almost apathetic, disposition with his peers, the female majority had decided that he was tragically romantic and in need of 'fixing'. He scoffed. How naive.

Well, if he had to tolerate Uzumaki's grating voice, then Haruno's silence could very well be a blessing in disguise.

He snuck another glance at her narrow back, and found himself once again scoffing at the obnoxious color of her hair.

"You guys are so slow