that pulled him to his senses and he lets it anchor him now. He wants to believe he won't hurt this boy who trusts him. He wants to...

He pulls him closer, buries his face in dyed-blonde hair and inhales the scent of soap and dye and Teito, and ignores the burning in his veins in favor of the soft warmth pressed against his chest. "Don't blame me if you get cold, brat."

For a moment, Frau thinks maybe he's already fallen asleep. But Teito hums, squeezes his hand and relaxes. "Won't. Frau is warm. Stupid Bishop," he mumbles, words slurred with sleep.

He can't imagine how tired Teito must be, but he sort of can, because he feels it too. He can't remember the last time he slept well. His death was probably the only peaceful rest he ever got and, well, look at how that turned out.

He runs his free hand through soft golden locks and closes his eyes and thinks, well, maybe it didn't turn out too badly after all.

 



When he wakes, he panics.

He hadn't meant to fall asleep, and it couldn't be good, Teito was so close and oh gods why was he stupid enough to get that close, to bury his face in the scent and inhale, masochism is one thing but this borders on homicidal and–

A squeeze, and he realizes Teito's hand is still entwined with his own. He takes a deep breath, an old habit, and realizes he's exactly how he fell asleep. His body is still on fire, and he thinks he drooled on Teito's hair, which the boy is definitely gonna kill him for, but he's alive. He's still breathing. He's even still asleep.

He squeezes back and lets out a shaky sigh, deciding against getting up.

It's warm. It's not like a bath, or the icy burn of the scythe. It's almost like the sun, the way it seeps into your skin, blinding and nourishing. He can't remember waking up like this, not even when he was alive, not even when he had a heart that pumped hot blood the way it should.

He's almost glad he doesn't, because he's sure he would've had multiple heart attacks by now.

 Just one more moment, he thinks, nestling his face back into the pillow and Teito's hair. It's so stupid, he knows. It's risky. It's selfish.

It's warm.

 



When Teito wakes up, Frau tries to pretend to be asleep. The boy knees him in the gut for drooling and he retaliates by throwing a pillow at Mikage, forcing Teito to jump in front, taking a blow straight to the face.

Their easy bickering feels like home, and he can't tell where the scythe ends and where he begins, because they both want that boy and they both can't have him.

He thinks he's okay with it, so long as Teito smiles like he is now as he marches off to take a bath.

He doesn't even notice when the burning stops, when Teito wraps his arms around him on the Hawkzile and it could be a warm sunny day for all he knows, the bitter chill a distant reality, the only thing he feels is the soft warmth of this boy.

It’s not as though future suddenly got brighter. They’re still up against bleak odds, and Frau isn’t carefree enough to ignore that, or optimistic enough to think the best of things. It’s only like a weight has been lifted off his shoulders, a sudden strange confidence that he, at least, won’t be a danger to Teito, that he can protect Teito, that they have a  chance.

It could just be the speed of the bike, but it feels exhilarating.

It feels warm.

 



When Teito dies, he doesn't really feel anything.

It's not that he doesn't care. He just doesn't feel anything at all. As if a fragment just happened to chip off, leaving a blank space behind. He knew it was going to happen, somewhere in his heart, so maybe that's why. Teito always had the makings of a heroic sacrifice, too good for this shitty world. It doesn’t even feel like a failure, because it was Teito’s choice, because Frau knows better by now than to expect anyone in his life to stay.

He tells himself it's what acceptance feels like, and when he takes up his new job as God of Death, he almost believes it, if he keeps himself busy enough.

When Teito is reincarnated, it feels like a crack has been fixed, poorly, painted over with a gaudy mismatched color. It's messy and he can't tell if it's better or worse than before. He peeks in once,