it, but still smooth, I could imagine how it would feel under my thumb, like sheets of absurdly high thread counts.

His patterned shirt was buttoned only halfway up his chest, as always, and the skin of his upper torso was tan and smooth as his cheek, his tattoos peeking through here and there. My eyes climbed down to his legs, in no hurry. His jeans were skin-tight, every muscle of his thighs and calves visible, his ankles just barely in sight over his sleek, inch-high-heeled boots. I licked my lips, slow and complete, a full circle, before dragging my gaze back up the length of him, re-cataloguing every detail hurriedly, before landing luxuriously on his eyes, a shade of green like you see in a rainbow, reflecting the same sun that lit his curls.

But I didn’t let myself look at his lips.

“Hey, Haz,” I said.

He swallowed and managed, “Hey, Louis.”

I smirked.

 

*

 

We’d all been sitting together fairly regularly at lunch, the last few weeks, so Harry walked naturally toward us in the cafeteria ’til he noticed the only open seat was the one beside me. I smiled at him and shoved over on the bench, making room. He sat down, looking like he sort of wished he could slide under the table and disappear.

Liam and Niall were still carrying on about the gig, somewhere between conversing and arguing, and Harry joined in hurriedly and abruptly, making a comment that did little to progress the discussion. I grinned at my tray.

“Who’ll sing?” Niall asked, looking at Harry and I, “Will it trade off between the two of you, like we do? Should we just have one lead singer? Most bands only have one lead singer, right? Is that important, do you think?”

“I wouldn’t mind if Harry took my parts,” I said, leaning on my elbow and smiling over at him, my head tilted.

He opened his mouth and sputtered for a moment before saying, “No, no, Lou– Louis– you should, um. I don’t need to be the lead. Singer. We don’t need a lead singer. Louis should sing.”

Liam rose a brow at him.

“I really don’t mind, Haz,” I said, reaching out under the table and brushing my thumb on his thigh. His leg jutted up, his knee connecting harshly with the bottom of the table. He cringed slightly and then took a shaky breath, looking away from me. I took my hand back.

We all sat there in silence for a moment, before Niall started babbling again, chewing on his nails nervously as he did.

“Harry,” a voice said, and Harry and I turned to the sound. Amy smiled at him and walked up, wrapping her arms around his neck.

I stared at my tray, thinking maybe I could sort of eat my food with my eyes if I glared hard enough.

“Hey, Amy,” Harry said, his voice unreadable, maybe relieved, probably relieved. He glanced over at me and then quickly back at her, giving her a smile, so sweet and unhesitant and I knew what it felt like, that smile, those lips, I knew what they felt like, I knew what they tasted like, and Amy didn’t. Maybe.

Maybe she did.

Maybe she knew better.

“We were just talking about a gig we might have coming up,” Harry said, “You want to come, if it works out?”

“Oh, I’d love to!” she said, beaming. She sat down on Harry’s leg, and he wrapped an arm around her waist, and my own thigh and waist felt abruptly cold, or maybe hot. Bad. Melting.

“I’m One Direction’s biggest fan,” she said.

Liam laughed, “Well, thank you! We appreciate that!”

She laughed too, they all did, and I tried to think if anything funny had been said, but I couldn’t come up with a thing.

Harry looked over at me, just for a second, and my eyes instinctively fell to his mouth, which parted, just slightly, and I remembered again, that I knew. I knew that it was soft but firm, yielding but unflinching. I knew his taste.

I smiled at Amy.

*blushing intensifies**my own blushing**I'm so embarrassed right now*

Happy Birthday Maddie

Harry avoided my eyes all through practice and, breaking with recent tradition, didn’t invite me to stay after. Niall walked down the driveway with me after Harry’d gone into his house. “Is Harry mad at you?” he whispered, “Did the two of you get in a riff?”

“We’re not in Westside Story, Niall,” I said.

He laughed. “Hey, no need to poke fun.”

“But you make it so easy.”

Niall laughed again and waved as he continued down the