in a while. ^^U

Come school I'll probably update a little more.

Dave ran next to Bequerrel. Karkat was on the other side of the white devil beast, looking like he was pacing himself, making rapid glances down at it.

After about fifteen minutes of running, nearly loosing the other three humans, Bec stopped in front of a large house, the outside looking uncared for and almost abandoned.

"You better be right, dog," Dave muttered. Karkat went sprinting up to the door, but Dave was there faster, kicking it down, sword ready. Karkat already had his scythe.

"Sollux?" the troll yelled.

"Stupid! Like that's going to work!" Dave retorted sharply.

"Listen to your friend," came a female voice from the back of the dark room. There was the sound of shots, and both boys dodged with inhuman speed. The bullet made a cracking sound as it hit the stone wall. The woman stepped out, holding a shot gun. "I'm afraid I can't let you in when Joe is just getting to work. You'll have to wait until he's done."

"Not going to happen!" Karkat growled, rushing at her. Dave swore to himself, knowing exactly what was going to happen, and preparing quickly for it.

Sure enough, the woman shot straight at the on coming troll, who couldn't slow his momentum enough to dodge. Dave flew in with his sword and redirected the bullet with the flat end just enough that it skimmed Karkat's shoulder and kept going into a wall.

"Think first, idiot!" Dave said as he continued past the troll, who didn't stop and continued the motion, making a slashing motion with his scythe at the woman. She stepped back to dodge, but the weapon scratched her shoulder. Not stopping the motion, though, she swung her gun around and fired at the extremely close distance. Something hit the back of Karkat's knees just before it fired, and he fell backwards, saving him from the bullet. Pulling out the object from under him, he threw the club back into the air, where Gamzee caught it and brought it down straight onto the woman's head, making a loud crack. Everything seemed to pause for a moment. Blood splattered onto Gamzee face, who smiled creepily, the woman fell, bleeding profusely, onto the floor, and the others stood and watched.

When Gamzee landed, Karkat wasted no time in tossing him a vile of green slime. The troll drank it quickly, belching.

"Thanks dude." The clown gave a thumbs up, and Karkat scowled back.

"Let's go get Sollux," he huffed, standing up.

"How about not being an idiot from now on and thinking before you act?" Dave said, walking past him. There was no response.

They looked in every room of the house. No one else was there. No body hid in the shed outside. Finally, Nepeta found an outside entrance to a cellar while sniffing around the grass.

Equius pulled open the heavy doors. There was a loud squeal from the old metal, and the sounds from below. Karkat was the first to descend to the dark depth, followed closely by Dave and John, then the others just piled in around.

"Julie? If that's you, could you get me another- oh," Joe stopped mid sentence as he looked up at the very angry looking crowd in his cellar. He had been hunched over the alien, and currently held a scalpel and some surgical tool that no one cared to identify. Sollux was still unconscious, and his arm had a large gash down it, spewing yellow blood across the table.

"You'll be seeing Julie in a minute, no worries!" Karkat growled, drawing his scythe. Before anyone could move, Joe had the scalpel to the sleeping troll's throat.

"Stop! Or I'll cut his throat!" Everyone froze in place. Even Karkat didn't dare move, simply stared, scowling at the human. "Hm, so the throats are similar to a human... how peculiar..."

"If you done analyzing our friend we would like him back!" Jade demanded. He looked back up at them.

"Of course I'm not done! But I must thank you for bringing more specimen! It seems you are all a bit different."

"Like hell are we gonna be your science experiments!" Vriska growled. "I like my horns intact, thanks!"

"I can arrange that! Plenty more where that came from!" By now the entire group was ready just to kick the guys butt, but the knife, looming dangerously close to Sollux's throat, made it impossible for even Dave to move without making things worse. "By the way, what ever happened to Julie?"

"Dead, stupid!" Karkat growled. "Courtesy of Gamzee!" Joe's eyes glazed over for a moment, before he returned to his senses.

"You... killed her?!" he asked, astonished.

"It