with multi-colored wires attachments. The wires connect to the largest computer in the room, operated solely by Liam, its screen displaying lines and lines of codes that only he can decipher.

“Could I talk to him?” Niall tries to inch closer to Harry, but Zayn tugs on his hand to keep him back. “Just one minute? Please?”

“We can’t wake him at this time,” Liam answers. “It takes a full twenty-four hours to do his inspection scan, and he’s currently at the eleventh hour, so to disrupt it would mean to start all over again. However, you will be able to communicate with him as soon as the scan is verified.”

Niall nods, frowning a little. “When can I come back?”

“Same time tomorrow,” Louis replies. “We only require the primary user to be present, but you’re more than welcome to bring your secondary android.”

“Secondary?” Niall looks around the room, confused. “What are you talking about?”

“This gentleman next to you,” Louis points directly at Zayn. Niall’s jaw drops open and Louis begins to stutter, while Liam snickers behind his hand. “Is he not—oh, shit. I-I didn’t realize! It’s just, he’s very symmetrical and I assumed—”

“Oh, come on! Seriously!?” Zayn throws his hands up in frustration. “Why does everyone think I’m an android!”

The computer screen next to Harry flickers, causing Liam to jump. He sits at his desk to take a look at the problem, his eyes rapidly moving left to right to read the lines of code. “He’s laughing? Holy crap, he’s actually laughing!” Liam exclaims to everyone’s surprise. He waves Louis over and points the screen, both of them whispering in excitement.

“What’s going on? Is Harry okay?” Zayn asks, looking at the coded screen.

“This is amazing,” Liam holds his head in his hands, completely awestruck. “Harry’s consciousness managed to bypass the corrupted files, link itself into the computer’s software, and translate his voice into binary code! I’ve never seen anything like it before!”

“Document it, document it!” Louis orders, shoving a tablet in Liam’s hands. “Those pompous dicks in logistics are gonna flip when they see this!”

“What else is he saying? Can you tell?” Niall excitedly bounces on his feet.

Liam leans in closer to the screen for a better look. His eyes widen and he casts a questionable glance at the couple, reciting, “Has Zayn fellated Niall this week?”

—

The following day, Liam runs a series of communication tests with Niall. He’s asked to speak to Harry as if he were fully functioning, hoping that his translated consciousness will provide enough data for Liam and Louis to document for future use in their next series of service androids. Harry is seemingly aware of what is happening around him, though Niall cannot answer him when asked of how he got there without crying.

Although Zayn stays by Niall’s side throughout, Louis pulls him aside into an adjacent room, revealing his own questionnaire to fully understand Harry’s unique programming. They mostly pertain to Harry’s personality and how he interacts in social settings, as well as how his services are used to aid Niall in his everyday activities. None of Zayn’s answers seem out of the ordinary until he casually mentions Harry’s mild obsession with sex, all of which leaves Louis more than lost and confused.

“I don’t understand how he could be so preoccupied with human sexuality,” Louis says in shock. “Please tell me he doesn’t actually participate in intercourse with you or Niall, he is not equipped with the anatomically correct features for penetrative activities!”

“No! God, nothing like that!” Zayn shudders. “I meant he takes a really high interest in making sure I keep Niall… satisfied… for lack of a better word. Before he fully malfunctioned, he managed to figure out how long it had been since I swallowed Niall’s—”

“Why don’t I stop you there,” Louis holds up a hand, forcing a smile. “I think I have all the information I need to pass along to Liam.”

“Will he be able to fix Harry? Whatever it is that’s affected his programming?”

“So far, we’ve isolated the problem area to one of the libraries stored in Harry’s memory drives. We’ve yet to pinpoint its exact location, considering the millions of exabytes he has in his system. I’d say there’s a ninety percent chance Liam will find it by tomorrow morning, so I wouldn’t worry just yet. He’s been doing this for years, trust me when I say he’s the best person for the job.”

Zayn turns the window beside him, watching Niall speak to a still lifeless Harry on the stretcher. Niall holds Harry’s hand the