and Steve shook his head in the negative. “Go hit the head first,” he said. “Buck gets real mad if you make him move once he’s comfortable.”

Sam rolled his eyes, leaving the bag on the coffee table, but headed for the bathroom anyway.


“Sam asked me if this was a thing you were doing now,” Steve informed Bucky as Bucky took the book out of his hand and put it to the side.


“Yup,” Bucky agreed, settling on the couch and putting his head in Steve’s lap, then pulling Steve’s hand down to his head.

“You could at least verbalize,” Steve complained, starting to comb his fingers through Bucky’s hair.

“Nope,” Bucky disagreed. He kissed the bottom of Steve’s belly and then fell still, closing his eyes and letting his lips rest in a slight curve that Steve recognized as his new smile.

They sat like that, Bucky’s head in Steve’s lap, Steve’s hand carding through Bucky’s soft, freshly washed hair, for such a long time that Steve’s eyes started to drift closed and his head tipped back against the back of the couch. Bucky made a soft, exasperated sound and began squirming his body more into Steve’s lap, until Steve shook himself slightly to try and wake up, blinking blearily down at Bucky.

“What’re you doing?” he asked, as Bucky’s ass situated itself between his thighs.

Bucky glanced at him, smirking faintly, and slipped his right arm around Steve’s neck, leaning in to the other side and starting to nibble and suck softly, grazing the skin with his teeth.

“Ain’t you supposed to be working on being more verbal?” Steve protested weakly, to which Bucky responded by catching Steve’s nipple in his first two fingers and giving it a mild pinch, but when Steve gasped and his hips jerked, the pinch got harder as Bucky started grinning and sucked the side of Steve’s neck until he could bite down on it. “Christ, Buck-”

Bucky’s left hand dragged Steve’s right into his lap.

“I ain’t jerking off my cat,” Steve protested, and Bucky growled softly. “I ain’t! Ooh, ooh, Bucky, don’t-”

Bucky sucked a threatening wet patch into Steve’s shirt, right over his nipple, digging into Steve’s shoulder with the tips of his fingers.

“S’rid- ridiculous,” Steve panted. “Don’t be ridiculous, Buck-”

“Ain’t asking,” Bucky warned, nudging Steve’s wet shirt with the tip of his nose. “Want me to get up?”

“No,” Steve said quickly, groaning when Bucky pushed his hips up, his cock more than half-hard under Steve’s loose hand. “Jesus. This is what you want?”

“Mhm,” Bucky said, grinning as he let his teeth slowly clamp down over Steve’s nipple, humming in his throat when Steve’s shaky hand curled around his cock through his baggy jeans.

“S’all you want?” Steve repeated, licking his lips. “You don’t wanna go fool around in the bedroom, you don’t want a suckjob-”

“Sh’up,” Bucky warned, tugging Steve’s nipple through his shirt. “Ruining it.”

“Don’t wanna think about it too hard, I guess,” Steve reasoned aloud, fumbling to get Bucky’s fly open with one hand. Bucky hissed when Steve’s hand slid into the fabric of his underwear and actually found skin, grinding his hips upward and nuzzling into the side of his neck. “Jesus. How’d you get so hard so fast?”

Bucky ignored the question in favor of flexing his fingers in Steve’s skin, slow and shallow, and Steve’s thoughts eventually clicked over.

“Are you kneading me?” he asked, laughing huskily, his face pink. “That ain’t- Buck, that’s several different kinds of fucked up.”

Bucky slid back a little, like he was thinking of getting up, and Steve clamped his mouth shut. Bucky nodded and went back to kneading and chewing contentedly on Steve’s nipple through his shirt as Steve’s fingers worked his cock, his baggy jeans starting to slide down his hips from his constant wriggling.

“How’d I end up with such a handsome fella?” Steve asked, soft and adoring like Bucky used to like.

“Pretty,” Bucky corrected, smacking his lips.

“Pretty?” Steve tried. “Want me to tell you you’re a pretty kitty, huh?”

“Ain’t I?” Bucky asked, digging his fingers hard into Steve’s chest.

“Course you are,” Steve panted softly, the hand not working Bucky’s cock coming up to support him under his chest, cradling him in Steve’s lap. “How’d I get such a pretty kitty? That good, Buck?”

Bucky hummed his approval