?” Korra asked, watching as Asami worked the product into her hair.

 

“This?” Asami asked. Since she was done combing her fingers through her hair, she took the towel off her body and turned to face Korra, using it to wipe the remaining product off her hands. “It’s leave-in conditioner.”

 

Despite having just taken an entire shower with Asami, seeing her so suddenly naked again caused a minor hitch in Korra’s brain function. Don’t stare. “Is that why your hair looks so soft?” she managed to ask.

 

“I guess,” Asami chuckled. Noticing the curious glance Korra made toward the product, Asami reached behind her for the tube to squeeze some more into her hands, saying gently, “Come here.”

 

Korra stepped forward, and though she didn’t need to get too close in order for Asami reach her, she did. She got close enough to feel the tickle of Asami’s chest at hers. Close enough to toss her towel onto the sink counter and set her hands on the edge, to lean in flirtatiously while Asami reached up.

 

“Your hair’s already really soft though,” Asami said, brushing her fingers back through Korra’s hair to massage in the conditioner. “I liked having my hands in it last night.”

 

Asami had been watching her hands with focus the whole time, but when she said that, they wandered around to set at the back of Korra’s neck, and their gazes met. Korra knew this was the moment. Knew there was nothing standing in the way of all the kissing and touching that she wanted. Only, all she could think as she stared into Asami’s bright green eyes was how amazing Asami was. All she could wonder as she traced her hands up Asami’s arms, to the hands at the back of her neck to fold their fingers together, was what it would feel like to know that she could kiss and touch Asami any time of any day she wanted. She stared so long in thought that eventually Asami’s eyes fell to her lips.

 

“Are you hesitating?” Asami asked quietly, thumb caressing the back of Korra’s neck as Korra shook her head. “Then what are you thinking?”

 

And expressing feelings like this in words had never been what she was best at, so all she could do was say on a huff of laughter, “Date me.”

 

Asami smirked, shoulders shaking with a soft laugh as she leaned in to press a long kiss to Korra’s lips. It lasted long enough for Korra’s hands to leave hers, slip down her ribs to her hips, and around to her lower back. “Okay,” Asami whispered into the kiss, and with her hands at Asami’s back, Korra took a retreating step to guide them toward the bedroom door. “But there’s something you should know about me first.”

 

“What?” Korra asked, arms curling tighter around Asami’s waist as they left the bathroom, inching toward the bed.

 

Asami pulled away from the kiss just enough so her lips were still brushing Korra’s as she said, “I don’t kiss on the first date.”

 

Korra couldn’t help but laugh, and as they reached the bed, she met Asami’s amused gaze for a moment before pressing a soft peck to the corner of her mouth. Another against her jaw. A third to the bruise in her neck. “Then I’ll have to get as many as I can before our first real date.”

 

She knew Asami was smiling, but Korra didn’t say anything else as she kissed along Asami’s shoulder, following her lips around the back of it so she was standing behind her. There was a method to the trail of her lips. A purpose when Korra advanced with another kiss to the back of Asami’s neck, easing her forward onto the bed slow enough that Asami could protest if she wanted to. But she didn’t make a sound, and Korra was grateful because this way she could get every inch of skin that she was desperate to explore. This way she could start at Asami’s back, work around to her stomach and chest, and back to her lips without letting her hands or mouth miss out on a single spot.

 

And Asami seemed so relaxed. So trusting. She fell willingly onto her stomach and pulled a pillow to her, wrapped her arms around it and rested her chin on top, like she already knew what Korra wanted and was prepared to wait through and enjoy it. Despite that, Korra only dipped down and pressed one soft kiss to Asami’s middle back, only let her hand set on the back of Asami’s hip before asking, “Is this okay?”

 

Asami gave a content hum, but still turned her head on the pillow enough to look back over her shoulder. “Whatever you want, Korra.” The corner of her mouth curled with a playful smile. “I know the safe word.”

 

Korra laughed, dropping forward so the entire front of her body was pressed