It confused him to no end. Fuck, this is supposed to be a break. He wasn’t going to let Wash ruin it for him. A sigh escaped him and he fell backwards into his mattress. He closed his eyes and let his mind drift. Why wasn’t Wash leaving his mind? Why was the thought of how his commanding officer acted replaying over and over in his mind? He then felt a breath on his face. Tucker opened his eyes to see Wash leaning over him. Straight on though, not from the side.  As in, right on top of him.

“How the fuck-?”

“Trained in stealth.”

“Uhm, and what are you doing here?”

“It’s a leg day.”

“Today’s a break.”

“A break from running. Not from working your legs,” barked Washington. Tucker had to admit: he was impressed. Not only had the commanding officer used Tucker’s lazy words against him, but he was also challenging him in a game of chicken. Obviously this was some way for Wash to try and scare Tucker into doing the stupid obstacle course. Two could play at this game. Especially if Wash was going to use that low, commanding voice. Tucker grinned and decided to call his bluff.

“Alright then. How will I be working my legs lying down with you leaning over top of me? Enlighten me, jackass.”

Tucker could swear he could see a flash of panic in Wash’s eyes hear his sharp inhale. The older man gave a low growl. How could he make such an amazing sound?

“Support my weight with your thighs and take off my chest piece.”

“W-what?”

“That’s an order!” Wash yelled, a small break in his voice. Tucker wasn’t going to back down now. He was only going to do this to win the game. Be the bigger man. Get a close up glimpse of Wash’s body… The younger man spread his legs apart and clamped his thighs down on Wash’s hips. Propping up his superior was more difficult than he thought. He wrapped his arms around the torso and felt for the clasps on the side of the armour. He clicked it off with a grunt. Then he moved towards Wash’s shoulders to release the front torso piece. With a pull, he was able to pull the piece away from Wash’s torso. He placed it on the ground beside him. Tucker looked up at his superior.  His morph suit showed every contour of his body. Shit. Tucker knew that Wash would be in shape but… wow. He felt his dick sharing the sentiment. No. Stop that. Down, boy.

“Now the back piece,” Wash instructed. Tucker propped his hands on either side of the back plate and with effort pushed it off. It landed on the back of his superior’s calves, who brushed it off of the bed. No wonder it was difficult to hold up Wash. His upper body was just pure muscle. Christ. Wash then sighed and leaned back, off of Tucker’s thighs. He was sitting upright on Tucker’s bed, between the younger man’s legs. Tucker scoffed.

“Is that it?” He asked, sitting up. His chest twitched. Wash was removing the armour on his arms. Damn were those nice arms. It wasn’t until he removed his helmet to reveal that god damn shit eating grin that Tucker realized he was staring.

“Like what you see?” He asked, mockingly. Tucker didn’t do anything. He didn’t know what to say or do except try his god damn hardest to stop his growing erection. Wash was a dude. A man. A guy. His dick needed to calm down. Think about dead puppies think about dead puppies think about dead puppies…

“Answer. Now. That’s an order.” Tucker finally snapped out of his thoughts and stared right into those grey eyes.

“I dunno. I’d have to see more,” he replied. Just for the game. Only the game. There was no other motive in his words. Wash rolled his eyes. For some reason this worried Tucker. He didn’t want the game to end so soon though. Yeah, he wanted to win. But it wouldn’t hurt for it to go on for longer.

He couldn’t keep himself from smiling when his commanding officer started to remove his boots and leg pieces. The last bit of armour remaining was his cod piece. He stood beside the bed, hands on his hips, staring at Tucker.

“You’ll be using only the strength in your legs to remove this,” explained Wash. Tucker choked on his spit.

“What the fuck? Do you have any idea how fucking hard that’s going to be?”

“You should have the leg strength by now. Unless if you want to run the obstacle course instead.”

“That’s pretty gay,” Tucker said, moving himself to the edge of the bed.

“Chicken.”