“No-Yeah-But I don’t, I’m not ready.” Liam whispered, getting up against his elbows that sank into the plush bed.

“Of course you’re not Liam.” Zayn snorted taking the rest of Liam’s boxers off sliding them through his legs, “Not yet at least.” He spoke smoothly, bringing his fingers up to Liam’s mouth, “Suck.” He commanded.

“What?” Liam squealed, trying to back away from his land owner but Zayn used his free hand to clutch one of Liam’s leg in a vice grip.

“Suck.” Zayn growled, having enough of Liam’s hesitation thoughts.

“I-I don’t know ho-how..” Liam admitted, a mild blush blooming on his darkish skin.

“Just fucking open your mouth Liam and suck.” Zayn said calmer.

Liam did as so, opening his mouth a bit for Zayn to stick one of his boney slick fingers into his mouth and press against his tongue. Liam enclosed his mouth around where Zayn’s finger met knuckle and sucked slowly. His cheeks hollowed slightly and the view got Zayn hard because no matter how stuck up and stubborn Liam might be, he is the more innocent thing you will ever see in your life and having him suck on your finger with his eyes clasped shut and his cheeks a deep shade of red was the hottest thing you will ever see in your life.

“There you go.” Zayn purred moving his finger over and adding two others.

Liam continued to suck and teasingly used his tongue to lick tiny little kitten licks on their tips. Although Liam had no idea what kind of affect he was giving Zayn. He just flicked his tongue softly over Zayn’s finger tips.

“Ok, Ok, babe.” Zayn said pulling his fingers out crumply. He took a look at them. They were coated in warm sticky saliva that belonged to Liam. He smirked gleefully. “Say Liam, have you ever sucked a cock before?” He asked, looking up to lock eyes with Liam.

“N-No..” Liam blushed harder, his cheeks turning a nice shade of crimson scarlet to match the duvets of the bed.

“Well you’re about to learn how.” Zayn smirked.

Liam gave him a pitiful looked. Almost begging with his eyes not to make him do this. “M-Mr. Malik please, I beg of you to make me do something else.”

“I don’t want it to hurt as much Li. I ran out of lube yesterday and if I knew this was going to happen, I would’ve bought more.” Zayn acknowledged, leaning in closer to Liam and cupping his round pink cheeks again, “You might think I don’t care but I do.” He said truthfully. He didn’t want Liam to feel a lot of pain over the pleasure. Zayn lifted his shirt off and threw it over his head, watching Liam’s reaction to stare at his chest. He snorted in amusement and began to unbuckle his belt, slipping off his pants and boxers along.

Liam’s wide eyes and flushed cheeks turned to wider eyes and paler skin, “Uh oh.” He said in shock.

“What?” Zayn asked.

“I don’t think that’s going to fit..” Liam mumbled. It looked like he was meant to say that in his mind or to himself but instead he said it out loud. And so when Zayn started cackling Liam’s blush returned quickly, “I-I mean um. No I- not like that no I just. Ugh.”

“S’ok babe. Now position..” Zayn thought for a moment before an imaginary light bulb lite up upon his head. “Here.” Zayn moved back to where Liam was, laying his elbows against his white and blood drenched pillows in a similar location Liam was in. “Babe, here,” He spread his legs open, “Between.” He gestured.

Liam sighed and got up on his knees against the bed and crawled over in-between Zayn’s legs where the raven haired beauty was once.

“Suck.” Zayn said.

“Is that all you say?” Liam snapped.

Zayn frowned and sat up with Liam still in between him, “What?” He growled darkly.

“Nothing.” Liam said quickly.

“You’re talking back now, huh?” Zayn sneered, “Are you suddenly brave enough to stand up against me, Liam? Are you really?” Zayn asked, his breathe ghosting over Liam’s lips from how incredibly close Zayn leaned in.

“N-No..” Liam huffed out.

“Good.” Zayn said, bringing his hands that didn’t have the three slimy digits and grabbed the back of Liam’s hair and pushed him down so Liam’s lips were on top of his cock. “Suck.” He said simply.

Liam sighed, his hot breathe hitting Zayn’s hardening cock, and opened his mouth wide – because boy was Zayn huge – and brought his mouth lower and let Zayn’s member enter him.