the most charitable word Dean can use.  It’s very light; if it had been commercially available Before, it would’ve been called something or other ice. Dean can’t believe a couple of Wastelanders got drunk on it. 

He tells Simon he should work on producing a more robust flavour and then they get down to business. Simon takes most of Dean’s ‘shine and gives him credit tokens for the Bar, for Wanda McCauley who makes the soap and for the General Store where he can get salt. It’s a good system they’ve got set up. It’s barter, but if the person who wants what you’re selling doesn’t have anything that you want, they can give you a credit token for someone else’s goods. 

Dean is able to get all the soap he wants and nowhere near as much salt as he wants, but it’ll do. He could probably head home now, and honestly he’s itching to leave. His ‘being around people’ skills are rusty and he’s feeling twitchy and on edge. But there’s the small matter of the looming monster storm and he could probably do with those bullets too. He settles his debt at the bathhouse and returns to Joe’s Bar and Grill, because the idea of a burger and a beer, even a weak as piss beer, is too tempting to resist. 

The burger is good. There’s a real round bun, onion, lettuce, tomato, cheese and ketchup. The only thing missing is bacon. 

“Omigod!” he says, around a mouthful of meat and bread, “this is awesome! Best damn burger I’ve had in—” he cuts himself off before he says something he might come to regret, “ever,” he finishes. 

Violet slides onto the stool beside him at the bar. “Well look at you,” she says. “Don’t you scrub up good.” 

“Back at ya,” he says. Now that her face isn’t hidden by a camouflage helmet and goggles, Dean can see that she’s an attractive woman. She has short dark hair, olive skin and brown eyes. Her cheek bones are sharp and her jaw is square and judging by the challenging sparkle in her eyes, Dean figures she’s probably a lot of fun in bed. 

She orders herself a burger and doesn’t try to make small talk, just watches him eat. 

When Dean finishes. He pushes his plate away. “Omigod,” he says again. 

Violet giggles. “I know, right? Apparently there used to be whole restaurants dedicated to burgers.” 

“Yeah,” Dean runs a hand across his mouth. “I, uh, heard about those.” 

“Really? I didn’t know Storytellers travelled out into the Wastelands.” 

Dean makes up something about listening to a Storyteller when he was trading down in Gliead, on the banks of the Mississippi River.  

“I wonder if it was the same one,” Violet muses. “He had messy dark hair and really intense blue eyes,” she sighs. “He had the weirdest stories.” 

Dean snorts. “His name wasn’t Castiel was it?” 

Violet frowns. “I don’t think so. Hey Simon, you remember that Storyteller from a couple years back? The one who really, really liked your burgers?” 

“Who? Jimmy?” Simon says.

Violet says something, but Dean doesn’t hear her because that name? It can’t be a coincidence.

“What stories did he tell?” Dean asks sharply.

“Stories about Before,” Violet’s burger arrives and she takes a bite.

There’s a family eating supper at a table just beside the bar, a thin, nervous-looking mom and two kids, a boy with a bowl-haircut and a girl with her hair tied back in haphazard bunches.

“He told Sam’n’Dean stories,” the girl says, before being hushed by her mom. 

Dean nearly chokes on his beer. “What?” 

“Sam’n’Dean stories,” the boy echoes his sister. “They lived Before and they didn’t have to walk anywhere, because they had a car called Baby and they rode everywhere on her and hunted monsters.” 

The boy’s mom frowns at him. “You leave that man alone, Tommy,” she says. “You know you shouldn’t talk to strangers from the Wasteland.” 

Dean does his best not to scowl, because he can’t fault her for looking out for her kids. 

“Baby sounded awesome,” the kid says with a sigh.

Dean decides that he likes this kid, so he braves the wrath of mama bear to say, “Baby was definitely awesome. She saved the world, did you know that?”

The kid bounces out of his seat, “Jimmy told that one!” he stumbles over his words in his excitement. “Baby helped Sammy fight off the Devil just long enough to jump into the pit!” The kid frowns. “I didn’t really like that story. It