. “What is up with you two? Did you have a lovers quarrel or something?”

 

“I wish.” Dean whispered mindlessly to himself.

 

“What?” Sam blinked. Had he really heard that?

 

“Uhm...what?” Dean stroked the nape of his neck “No, we haven't…we’re not even, I mean, I'm not...he's not-” the confusion turned into annoyance “- dammit, Sammy, why would you even say such a thing?”

 

Sam watched his brother in disbelief. “Dean, it's okay. I know. You don't have to hide it.”

 

“Hide what?” Dean made his way to the sink, emptying the last of the coffee. There was frustration in his steps as he walked over to the fridge to find something to eat.

 

“Well, you know, that you are a thing.” Sam said as Dean pulled out the fixings for sandwiches and set to work making one.

 

Dean glared at his brother with a snort. “We are so not a  thing. ”

 

“But...the other night, the handcuffs...we heard you two, and now he is in your room at nights and…” Sam’s brow pulled down in confusion.

 

Dean unintentionally slammed the fridge door shut after putting away the mayo and smoked ham. He had to place his hands against the counter-top to stop them from shaking.

 

They weren’t a thing, but God he wanted them to be. On the brink of losing himself in his thoughts, Dean cleared his throat and sighed. “The handcuffs were only a practical joke, Sam...and him being in my room last night was...nothing. He just thought he heard something, but it was...nothing.” He swallowed hard “I'm gonna eat this in my room.” He grabbed the sandwich, leaving his brother in the kitchen.

Please leave kudos and comments! Those are what gives me life =)

Dean can't really handle his feels and does his best to stay away from Cas. 

Warning: Major Character death...sort of, but really, WHO dies in the Supernatural Universe?

Thanks to @waywardjoy for Beta this chapter.

Find me on Tumblr https://zummar.tumblr.com/


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


The following week Dean did his best to avoid Cas without being too obvious about it. All these feelings made it hard to be around him without being drained afterwards, so he simply stayed away. Made up hollow, stupid reasons for him to leave the room.  ‘I should probably do the dishes’ ‘I’ll be researching this in my room’ or murmuring something about laundry, just to get away.


 


Today was one of those days when he was hiding away in his room trying to find cases, reading newspapers online. Trying desperately to find meaning in the words on the screen and then with a sigh pushing himself away from the desk upon realizing he’d been on the same article for the last 10 minutes and still had no idea what it was about. He needed a break.


 


In the corridor he met Cas. The feeling of butterflies whirling through his heart made him draw for breath. Cas tilted his head with a concerned squint.


 


“Are you okay Dean?”


 


“I’m fine” Dean heard how harsh he sounded and tried to smooth it over with a smile that never reached his eyes.


 


“You don’t 

look

 fine” Cas eyes seemed to bore into Dean’s soul. 


 



Then stop looking! 

Dean thought to himself as he averted his eyes from Cas’. “I’m fine, Cas. Maybe I’m just a little tired, I don’t know”.


 


Cas took a step forward and raised his right hand towards Dean’s forehead who instinctively backed away from his touch, Cas let his hand fall slowly.  Dean stared at him, not sure of what had happened more than that he couldn’t bare if Cas touched him right now. 


 


The hurt and confused look in Cas’ eyes made Dean cringe, he bit his lower lip and said “I’m sorry, I’m just...it’s not something that you can fix, I’m just tired” he withheld as he turned to walk away. 


 


“I can cure fatigue” Cas walked up beside Dean, accompanying him down the corridor.


 


Dean gave him a tired look “I’ll just go to bed early tonight” 








Sam was sat in the library (coz, wherelse?) when Cas and Dean walked in. “I think I found us a case” he pointed at the screen in front of him “two mysterious deaths, women, aged 20, both with similar features like hair, build and eye color.”


 


“Huh?” Sounds like a creepy human to me.” Dean slunk down in the chair across the table from Sam. 


 


“Yeah, but-” Sam continued with a triumphant look in his eyes “-their hearts were torn right out of their chests”


 


“So, werewolves.” Cas concluded


 


“Yeah, and it’s only like a