’s gift, she should let him choose.

2 December 2014

She’s forever on that device of hers. It’s obvious it’s meant to emulate a mobile phone, symbolising…her connectedness to the people he’s chosen as his adopted friends? How easily the Master has always plugged in to the network, while he travels forever on the fringes of it, observing and loving and not really knowing how to blend in with them? She’s missing the point, but that, also, isn’t new.

The Doctor doesn’t have much time to watch her use it, between all the killing and the posturing and the falling out of planes, but it seems to him it’s not just a multi-function device, like the sonic screwdriver. It’s like she’s multitasking with it, always using more than one function at a time. Monitoring her cyber army. Accessing news reports about herself. Killing, yes, but there’s a sort of sleight of hand. Taking selfies. Documenting. Saving.

Later, when he’s had a chance to forgive himself for forgiving her, even just a little, he oh so casually breaks in to UNIT, wanders oh so casually to the archive he’s not meant to remember, plugs himself in (oh so casually) to that little piece of what feels like home. He looks around. It’s a city, skyscrapers pointing inwards rather than out. Dark. Nobody in. Except—there are lights on, almost lost in the vast space, tiny flickers like televisions through living room windows.

"Come out, come out, wherever you are…" It’s the closest he’ll get to a sing-song voice in this regeneration. She’d like that, the coaxing, a new game. "Missy? Come on. Come out. I’m here, so are you going to come and play or not?"

His voice, at once commanding and querulous, falls on the towers like they’re toys made of those little plastic bricks. “Missy!”

4 December 2014

Once upon a time—Although can you really say ‘once upon a time’ when you’ve lived so long and long ago was your own past?—in a far-off place—Well, that’s relative, look I’ve got a spaceship, and actually it travels through time too…


Stop interrupting, dear, or you’ll never hear the story!


Fine. 

Once upon a time, there was an idiot.

He wanted to see the universe, just a will o’ the wisp on a streak of blue, laughing his way from spring through summer-winter-autumn, adventuring, exploring, bursting from the pages because sitting still for ‘it has been written’ had never been written in his soul. 

What was there to do but to follow? Hearts will pulse to the rhythm they have chose. And besides, the story as it stood wasn’t exactly doing either of them any favours, with its dim palette and restricted typecase. And he was the brightest thing in the sky, this mercurial sprite, this colourful caprice. And laughter, oh all that laughter was good; on that they could easily agree.

Except the more they laughed the more the shadows bent to listen. The harder they beat against the web the more tightly it contracted. The story might also go like this:

Once upon a time, there was death. Once upon a time, there was a child who didn’t want to die because it meant giving in and being left behind. But it’s hard to escape the things they’ve always said about you, and so, sick at heart of dying and starting over and dying again, of playing out the fairytale and its inescapable, familiar plot, that boy changed himself into a girl. 

Maybe destiny wouldn’t know her then. Maybe there were words beyond the composing stick, pages between the signatures. Maybe the end could start with happily… 

Anyway disguise, deception came easily to her.

What kind of gifts are these? You’ll always survive (but you’ll suffer in the living). And you’ll always be strong (so your chains can be made heavier). And you will always, every time you open your eyes on the very first page, go seeking and find him (and need him though you shouldn’t have to; and love him, in your wounded way; and you will never have him because he doesn’t want to be owned, any more than you do). These are the things they gave her, the things she couldn’t hide, or change.

She carried them with her when she ran, and if they weighted her like stones in pockets, still she kept on looking for him. If they slowed her like stones on shackles, she would catch him up eventually, dragging them on wrists rubbed raw. 

If he thought she couldn’t feel the thrown stones, or treasure the universe as he did, with its light and its shadow