. When he'd returned after dark, unbeknownst to him the man who had broken in was still in the house, skulking behind shadows and waiting. Watching. Recalling it like the invasion occurred only yesterday, the depressed male relived your end with morbid, tangible certainty...

A faint cry sounded out, the voice of his lover pained and distressed. Levi took the stairs two at a time, racing up and shouting your name urgently. 

"(F/N)? (F/N) what's wrong? Where are you?"

"Le…L…" He tracked the noise to the bedroom, a scene painted out in blood and chaos and at first he couldn't move, unable to take another step as steely eyes took in the absolute horror that awaited him. You were sprawled on the floor, limbs at an unnatural angle, exposed body covered in marks and red, thick fluid. He noted the way you were naked from the waist down and saw how the woman he cherished so dearly was struggling to breathe. 

Bubbles of life essence choked you, splutters and spits coming from within and you drew in a breath that almost felt impossible. Levi dropped to his knees by your side in a flash, hand holding your limp one tightly, fingers smoothing your dishevelled hair. Through swollen sockets, you managed to look up and see the face you loved one final time, arm raised with difficulty to touch a delicate cheek. 

"He…he's…"

"Shh (F/N), it's ok. I'm here now." Casting a trained glance round the room, he spotted your phone, call still in progress as the illuminated screen shone out - you'd managed to contact the emergency services. Grabbing the item, he clamped it between his shoulder and ear, speaking softly. "What's going on?"

"Sir? Who is this? Sir?"

"I'm her fucking husband, that's who. What did (F/N) tell you? Who hurt her?"

"Sir, there may be an intruder in your house. Police are on the way…"

"He's still here?" Dropping the device, Levi went to stand, the voice from the receiver tinny and insistent but you stopped him, halted the inevitably regretful search which would no doubt end in a lengthy prison sentence for your partner. 

"D..don't…please…please stay…"

"But I have to…"

"No Levi...shit...I need you. I need to say goodbye."

"None of that crap, (F/N). You're going nowhere, you hear?" The distraught man clutched at your hands, pleading with his eyes, ones you could get lost in, swim in for days upon days and never become bored. Pain started to leave your body, the hold on reality slipping as you gave a small smile of apology.

"I have to Levi…look…down…" For the first time, your man was able to see past what was evidently a severe beating and violent rape, finding out it was much, much worse. The handle of a large knife was jutting out from your sternum, angle suggesting upwards momentum and he recognised it - the blade was one from your own kitchen, a fucking huge tool that was used for chopping and preparing. 

Deep anguish squeezed at his heart, it's muscles still capable of pushing blood around his body when yours was obviously unable to do so for much longer. "Fuck (F/N)…fuck this…oh god, (F/N) don't leave me…" Salty tears stung in his narrowed gaze, droplets falling freely onto your cheeks and he leant down, lips kissing fervently to try and give life, swap places if possible. But he knew there was no point, could see it in the way you looked into his orbs, that acceptance of fate and fading clarity. "Don't go…I can't live without you (F/N)…"

"Sorry Levi…I love you…" And with that, no more air was drawn in, no more weak grip on his hand, no more soft attempts to kiss back. Gone. 

"No…no! You come back, alright? Get back here right now (F/N)!" Sobbing loudly, Levi bent low, forehead against yours as he wept for his new wife, honeymoon only concluded a fortnight ago. This wasn't supposed to happen. The two of you were going to live together for many years, grow old in each other's company, love one another daily. Sirens signalled the arrival of an ambulance, cops, he didn't give a fuck and just stayed kneeling by his woman's body. 

You were the only person who ever understood him, treated his often grumpy mannerisms as a positive characteristic, solid friends since school. When it came to university, different callings in life took you in opposite directions, keeping in touch regularly online or by phone but his working patterns were erratic, called upon by death as and when it occurred. Also, your