back of his neck, edging over to his mentor. 

Toshinori turned towards his student and tried to take a step in his direction but seemed to give up half way through the motion and shifted his weight in frustration. 

“Toshinori-san”, Izuku dismayed quietly, crouching down next to him. 

As might have been expected, his mentor was quite a large goat, although Izuku admittedly had little frame of reference for such things. His shoulders came up to about Izuku’s waist when he was standing upright and he appeared to be as emaciated as ever, but it was less obvious under the double layer of clothing and long shaggy fur, which was the same shade as his hair. He even had two particularly long locks hanging down from his forehead, framing his triangular face just like in his human form. A pair of large, dangerous looking horns curved back and out slightly before curling upwards at the ends like the base of a tick.       

“You know the person, kid?” Kamui asked him, keeping half an eye on the robber who was more aware now, glaring at them and hissing expletives under his breathe.

“Yes”, Izuku said distractedly, trying to figure out how to help his mentor. 

Both of them wanted to leave and return to the safety of UA. The longer they lingered the more likely it was word would get around that All Might himself had been caught up in this latest incident. Even if the story surrounding the robber hadn't been trending for a good week now, the media would be all over this in an instant. Neither of them had any idea how long Toshinori's change would last for though. If Izuku could help him take some of the clothes off it would certainly be easier to move around but there was the chance he would transform back and end up half naked in public which put it completely out of the question.  

“Okay”, Izuku said bracingly, mostly to himself. “Okay”, he repeated after a pause, reaching for the nearest leg. “I’ll try to roll everything up a bit”, he said. “Can you..?”

Toshinori shifted his weight for balance and obligingly lifted the leg. Izuku took the stretch of spare fabric and began folding it back on itself, pulling it up until a cloven hoof was exposed. Toshinori lowered the foot to the ground and Izuku rolled the fabric again several times to try and get it to stay in place. He sat back on his haunches and eyed his work critically. It was okay for now but it didn’t seem like it would stay put for long on its own, especially if they had to walk. Both of them realised this and Izuku met Toshinori’s odd-sideways-pupiled-gaze. They simultaneously slumped in resignation. 

“Wait!” Izuku exclaimed, perking up again suddenly and causing Toshinori to give a startled bleat. 

“Sorry”, he apologised absently, hopping to his feet. 

There was a convenience store right across the street.

“I’ll be right back”, he said, making a totally unnecessary ‘stay here’ gesture at his mentor before jogging over to the store. Toshinori craned his neck around to watch him curiously.  

Izuku was back no more than a couple of minutes later with a packet of rubber bands in hand. 

“Here we go”, he said as Toshinori lift his foot again and he secured the rolled up fabric with a band. “Perfect.” He nodded in satisfaction. 

If Toshinori’s face was capable of it right now he would have been smiling back at his student. It wasn’t though so he just had to give his shoulder a gentle nudge with his head instead. 

Izuku flushed happily and beamed, moving onto the back leg. 

Soon all four feet were free for movement and Toshinori took his first tentative steps. He was a little unsteady but managed not to trip over or anything, and was quickly getting the hang of moving four limbs in tandem. Izuku, who had been slowly circling him and hovering fretfully, gave him a wide, proud smile when he looked up, to which Toshinori snorted in amusement. 

Kamui Woods cleared his throat from behind them and they both turned to blink at him in question. 

“It seems you two will get along fine on your own so I’ll be taking this guy down to the police station now”, he said, glancing at the robber, who curled his lip back at him in a contemptuous sneer. 

“Oh, right”, Izuku said, having almost forgotten they were there. “Thank you, Kamui Woods.” He smiled. 

The hero gave him a nod of acknowledgement as he lift the robber up and stretched out his powers to gather the fallen money bag with his other hand. “Happy to help”, he said in parting.

Izuku glanced over to Toshinori and found him walking back to the place where he’d put down his groceries. 

“Oh!” Izuku exclaimed as his mentor eyed the plastic bag contemplatively. “Let me”, he said, quickly joining him and reaching down for it. 

Toshinori eyed him as he picked it up, as though he wanted to insist that Izuku let him