room. But he surprised you when he closed your door and locked it and approached your bed.

You saw his bulge in his pants, you saw the way his eyes hungrily roamed your body and the way he licked his lips. His eyes were darker than usual and his jaw was clenched tightly. You pulled your fingers from out of you and sat up and faced your Commander. 

Gabe stood above you, you were looking up at him with an expression that made him want to bend you over and just fuck you. But he didn’t, not yet at least. Gabe noticed the bruise on your thigh, from the training accident you had the yesterday. He noticed your fingers were still wet with your own juices. He pulled your hand to his face and took your fingers in his mouth. He sucked your fingers and held eye contact with you, your face flushed and your pupils went wide, you let out a small whimper.

“You taste… like fucking heaven.” He growled. Gabe’s lips were on your instantly. He pushed you onto the bed, his lips were on yours and his rough hands traveled along your body. He cupped your tits and pulled your nipples, you whimpered and tried to rub yourself on him. He only laughed and pushed two fingers inside you, you gasped and let out a long moan.

Gabe fingered you fast, his fingers rubbed the perfect spot inside you and you were soon clenching around his fingers. Your arms were around his neck and you tensed as he brought you closer to your orgasm. He made sure to keep your legs open, and his eyes never left your face. You were rolling your hips against his fingers, you were so close. His title and last name was falling from your lips like a prayer, when you cummed your back arched and you clenched hard around him.

Gabe pulled his fingers form inside you and sucked them clean, you saw your cream on his fingers. He sucked his fingers clean and let out a low growl. You watched him wide eyed, your face was on fire and you wanted to taste him.

When he pulled off his shirt and threw it to the side. You ran your hands over his body, you pushed him onto his back and kissed every part of his torso. You kissed the scars along his body, he had so many. Bullet wounds, burns, slices. You kissed every scar you could find. You straddled him and rubbed yourself on the bulge in his tight pants, your hands went through the hair on his stomach and his chest. He gripped your hips and growled.

“You better get out of these pants, Commander.” You said softly as you continued rubbing yourself on him. There was a growing wet spot on the front of his pants.

He pulled you onto your back and quickly kicked off his boots and took off his pants. You smirked down at his large cock, Reyes was a big man, and he had a cock that fit his size. You were in for one hell of a ride.

Before Gabe could get back on the bed you crawled to him and smiled up at him. He smirked down at you as you took his cock in your hands. He was thick and long; his pubes were nicely trimmed and you bet he tasted wonderful. You ran your tongue along his cock, from the base to the head. You put the head of his cock in your mouth and slowly sucked him.

Your eyes never left his face, his eyes got a bit glazed over and his hand cupped your cheek. You took more of his cock into your mouth and bobbed your head up and down. He let out a low groan and put his hand on the back of your head. You took more of his cock in your mouth every time you bobbed your head down. You used your tongue and swirled it along the head of his cock and rubbed it along the underside of his cock. He was soon thrusting into your face.

“Enough.” He growled. You slowly pulled his cock from your mouth with a loud slurp, “You should get on your back.”

You quickly complied and laid on your back. He got between your legs and kissed you softly, his facial hair tickled your face. His hands ran along your body and he brought one of your legs up to his shoulder, while the other one wrapped around his waist.

“Reyes,” you said softly, you touched his face and he kissed you softly.

“Do you want to do this?” he asked, he seemed nervous.

“Yes. Please, I… I want you.” you said softly. He nodded his head and pulled you close, his large body dwarfed yours.

Gabe slowly pushed his cock into you, you whimpered as he slowly, so damn slowly entered you. Gabe didn’t start fucking you hard, he slowly eased himself into you and slowly moved his hips. You moaned and whimpered as he slowly fucked you. His hands traveled along your body and he kissed you softly, almost lovingly.

You slowly rubbed your clit as he fucked you. Seeing this he smirked and began