I know it".

"I don’t wanna be handicapped". He laughed humorless, like it was a joke, like Sehun wasn’t really thinking about it.

Like his ankle wasn’t marked with bites, purple with pus and blood still leaking from the wound. Like there weren’t purple and blue lines coming up his legs until up his chest.

A sign that the infection had already spread and probably reached in his heart.

It was the end of the line.

Luhan leaned back on a soft pillow at least he was in a comfortable bed. He always asked to die sleeping. Isn't that what most people wanted?

Something calm and painless?

Maybe it was painless.

He wasn’t feeling anything.

"Hun, let’s be realistc. It’s not going to work". He just need him to stop. Stop crying, shaking, just stop trying at all.

"Yes it will". He wasn’t listening. He didn’t wanted to.

"Hun".

Sehun continued to open drawers and toss useless things on the floor. He probably would toss all the canned food he could find because none of that could save his best friend’s life.

He would probably toss all the food available in the word if that means he could have Luhan with him.

Healthy, as it should be.

"Sehun".

He stopped. His knees hit the floor on the messy room. Shoulders shaking, hands covering up his face, nails digging his skin. Nothing matters. Crying wasn’t gonna change anything. He was just losing time and he knew, but he couldn’t control himself.

"Hun, I just want to spend some time with you. Don’t deny me that".

Sehun crossed the room on his knees until he got close the bed. Like he was paying clemency or something.

On his mind, he asked God. Any God, a merciful one that could help him. Soft fingers were caressing his head.

"Hun, look at me, let’s talk".

"I can save you. I know I can make it work". His eyes shinned with hope. Dilated pupils, it was a delusion and deep down he knew it.

There was nothing he could do. It wasn’t like in the movies.

"I want you to promise me something, Sehun-ah".

He didn’t answered. He just nodded, he couldn’t speak in that moment. Luhan continued caressing his hair.

"You’re strong".

Sehun denied. Tears were still falling.

Luhan smiled.

"Yes you are. You are the strongest one and you are gonna be the last man standing".

"No, not without you".

"I believe in you. All your wounds will help you to grow up. You’re alive so just keep fighting and living".

Sehun climbed on the bed and laid down next to Luhan, the other boy hugged him as he could. Sehun’s body was shaking.

"Hun".

He looked at him.

Luhan took a gun from behind his pillow. Sehun’s eyes widened.

"No!". He screamed loud almost falling off the bed.

"I’m not going to turn".

It was the end of the line. It shouldn’t be humanly possible to still have tears to cry, Sehun probably had drowned a universal stock and would die dehydrated. Maybe he was hitting the end of the line. He couldn’t stop sobbing.

"Can you do it for me?"

Sehun was sincere and denied shaking his head. Another smile from Luhan, which he didn’t deserved.

"I don’t have any more strength in me, I need yours".

Luhan putted the gun in Sehun’s hand. It was not the first time he held one, but right now, it seemed heavier. Too heavy.

Maybe it was the weight of Luhan’s life. His hands were shaking. He tossed the gun from one hand to another like he was trying to find the perfect balance or measure something.

"Hun".

Sehun closed his eyes. He wanted to keep that voice in his heart forever. The softness in his voice and the way he said his name, a nickname, only used by him. Everything they have being through, Sehun always loved Luhan, it was platonic though. Luhan didn’t see him the same way.

Nothing really matters now.

Not in this world.

Sehun exhaled the air he didn’t even knew he was holding.

His hands stopped shaking. His thumb pulled the hammer and his hand were firm on the grip, his finger didn’t even touch the trigger.

He opened his eyes.

A peaceful smile adorned Luhan’s lips, the tiredness visible, waiting.

"You stayed with me in the best moments of my life and continued on my side even on the worst. I wouldn’t change a thing if I could. You’re the brother I never had".

Sehun smile. Platonic until the very end. Maybe it was for the best. No disillusion. No alternative