is something Jared doesn’t have in common with him and for one brief moment he feels off-kilter. Jensen and Chris share a background and a past that he can never hope to understand.

On the other hand, Jared and Jensen share a present and a lifestyle that Chris probably isn’t going to understand, which brings Jared back around to Jensen’s question. How are they going to play this?

Jared knows that Chris is a country boy; a real Texan cowboy; and that he’s got no love for authority. Jensen also says that he’s a straight-shooter; pays his taxes fair and square and everything.

“What have you told him?” Jared asks.

Jensen takes a final drag on his cigarette and butts it out. “Not much. He doesn’t know about the Club. He knows I got myself into some trouble last time I was out here. He knows about the coke and the rehab and that I left LA with some kind of debt hanging over my head, but we’ve never talked about it. He knows that debt came back to bite me in the ass and that’s why I came back to LA. He knows about you. But he doesn’t know about you. You know?”

“Okay,” Jared says.

Jensen nods. “Okay,” he echoes. He pulls another Marlboro Red out of the pack and toys with it. “Only Chris ain’t stupid. People know our names. Yours especially. And if he puts our names on the VIP list so that we can go see his gig,” Jensen sticks the cigarette in his mouth and lights it. “Jinx is on Santa Monica. It’s deep in our home territory. Ain’t a hope in hell they won’t know who we are.”

“Okay,” Jared says again. “So why is that a problem?”

Jensen’s eyebrows make a V above his nose. “If Chris puts us on the list, it makes Chris…connected.”

“You say that like it’s a bad thing.”

Jensen huffs. “I just don’t want people to get the wrong idea about Chris and Steve because of their association with me.”

Jared nods. “So tell him we can’t make it.”

Jensen scrunches his nose. “He’d be hurt.”

Jared sighs and settles himself on the bed beside Jensen. “The way I see it, you’ve got three choices.”

Jensen rolls his eyes. “Great. You and your choices.”

Jared refuses to be derailed. “One: You don’t go, and risk hurting Chris. Two: You go and maybe fuck up Chris’s career if his label doesn’t like him being connected to a one percenter. Three: You tell him everything up front and let him decide what he’s willing to risk for your friendship.”

“Yeah,” Jensen takes a deep drag. “Fuck.”

--

An hour-and-a-half later Chris and Steve walk into a non-descript café in West Hollywood that’s owned by a friend of the Club. Jared and Jensen are waiting for them at a small round table right at the back and Chris’s face breaks into a huge grin the moment he spots Jensen.

There are hugs and backslaps and wide, open smiles.           

Chris looks Jared up and down with narrow eyes and Jared didn’t get to be the President of an Outlaw MC without being able to read people. Chris knows damn well who—and what—he is.

“How’s the weather up there, Stretch?” Chris says.

“It’s raining,” Jared says. “Raindrops should get down to you in about half an hour.”

Chris turns to Jensen. “I like him,” he says, his voice entirely void of expression. “He’s funny.”

Jensen rolls his eyes. “Sit the fuck down, both of you.”

“Oh,” Jared feigns surprise, “I thought Chris was already sitting down.”

Jensen shoots him a warning look.

Chris bristles. “Just because you’ve got several inches on me, Sasquatch,” he begins.

“Don’t forget I’m taller too,” Jared quips.

Steve splutters with laughter and Jared is pretty sure he sees Chris’s lips twitch slightly too.

“Are we gonna have to get the rulers out here?” Steve asks.

“No point,” Jensen says. “Jared would win; no competition. He’s got the biggest dick I’ve ever seen. And I’ve seen a lot of dick in my time.”

 Chris gives Jared a considering look and then sticks his hand out. “Chris Kane,” he says. “Best friend.”

Jared takes the offered hand. They both squeeze hard and don’t give an inch and Jared knows that the grudging respect he sees on Chris’s face is mirrored on his own. “Jared Padalecki,” he says. “Boyfriend.”

Jared and Jensen order breakfast—a big breakfast for Jensen and a big breakfast with a side