though you’re perfectly capable of completing the work.” Miyahara glared at him as he tried to pout his way out of her grip. “I’ll even help you with them but you need to do them!”

There was a few beats of silence after she finished before Manami spoke. “You should come with me!” He smiled at her as if this was the perfect solution.

“What?” She blinked at him as he tugged on her sleeve.

“Come visit Sohuko with me!” Manami’s smile grew bigger. “Please?”

“Well, um, I guess. If you really want me to of course.” She nodded following Manami out of the class and to the train. The work sheets still piled on Manami’s desk forgotten behind them.

Only once they arrived at the other school and more importantly, for Manami anyway, located the biking club’s club room did Miyahara realize that Manami had mostly just invited her along to get her to stop trying to make him stay. He took off almost immediately to talk to a boy with large glasses and she trailed along behind him. She only looked up when she heard her name mentioned. “And this is Miyahara, I’ve never beaten her in a race!”

She looked at him for a moment trying to figure out why that was how he introduced her to this group of biking club members she’d never met before. Before she had a chance to ask though the group of boys had all gotten on their bikes and taken off leaving her alone. Or so she thought until someone tapped her shoulder.

“Hi, I’m Miki.” A girl with long brown hair and a wide grin held a hand out for her to shake. “Have you really never beaten Manami in a race? You must be quite the cyclist.”

“I, no we were ten or so last time we road together.” She shrugged looking back towards where they’d road off. “He didn't even know how to ride a bike then, I wouldn’t stand a chance now.”

“That’s a shame, I was hoping I’d finally met another girl who liked bikes as much as I do.” Miki sounded so wistful that Miyahara almost felt bad for not being as obsessed with bikes as Manami was.

“No, I just ride mine to and from school usually.” She shook her head looking at the other girl. “I mean I like them but I don’t know anything about them.”

“Aya says she doesn’t even like them anymore because I talk about them to much.” Miki laughed rubbing at the back of her neck. “She says I’m a bit obsessed but I just really like bikes.”  She paused before continuing. “My boys are pretty great too, they’ll be champions yet just watch.”

“Your boys?”

“The biking club, I’m their manager.” She grinned and gestured for Miyahara to follow her to sit on a bench rather than just standing. “I make sure everything works properly. Though I feel like I’ve been their manager for a lot longer than just this last year. Especially with Imaizumi, we’ve known each other since we were kids. He’s always been awful with people, amazing with bikes though.”

“Manami too!” Miyahara nodded. “He never comes to class or does his homework but ever since I introduced him to bikes he almost never gets off his if he can avoid it. I’m sure he’d spend all day cycling if I let him!”

“He sounds even worse than Imaizumi.” Miki chuckled grinning at her. “Imaizumi at least does well in school. Well enough to avoid notice at least, that way he can just bike without anyone trying to convince him to do something else instead.”

“Manami all but refuses to do work unless he absolutely has to. He spends all his time on that bike going up and down any hills he can find.” Miyaraha sighed looking around. “He hardly even notices me anymore.”

“He’s focused on other things, like hills.” Miki chuckled again though this time it sounded like she thought she’d made a joke. “In any case at least he’s good at something?”

“I suppose.” She nodded smiling at the other girl. “It’s nice to have someone to talk to about these sorts of things.”

“It is, Aya just doesn’t get it.” Miki shook her head. “She tries though, comes to races when she can and stuff. She’s great like that.”

“I think it’s hard for people to understand if they haven’t dealt with it themselves.” Miyaraha nodded looking back down the road again.

“Yeah bikes take a certain amount of experience to really find interesting.” Miki nodded following Miyaraha’s line of sight. “They wont be back for a while, the circuit they’re riding today is pretty far. You hungry? We could go get something to eat while we wait?”

“Sure, yeah I haven’