love you, man." He immediately felt the heat seep into his cheeks, already feeling awkward about the way he blurted it out.

Ray stiffened against his shoulder before sinking back into him with a snicker. "Love you too, man. Don't you be getting mushy on me though, you're supposed to play bad cop, can't have you gushing over this good cop. Though I totally understand the sentiment, I mean, who could resist this hot body?"

"Shut up Ray, no one wants your body." Ray made an indignant noise.

"I'd bang me.." Ray said in a soft, sad voice. I would too, Justin's mind whispered, wanting to wrap his arms around the man, even though he knew the sadness wasn't really there. Instead, he reached over and held Ray by the shoulder and turned him to look directly in his eyes. They were hazel, but predominately a soft amber at the moment, shifting with peculiar specks of green - much too easy for Justin to get lost in. He cleared his throat before continuing.

"I'm serious, you know."

"Serious about what? No one wanting me? Thanks, asshole." Ray's lips still pulled upwards in a cheeky grin, showing that he wasn't actually offended.

"No I mean, I actually like you, like you. As more than just a friend, I think." That's when Ray tensed under his fingers, his smile dropped from his face for a second, a flicker of hope, another of sadness flashed across those hazel eyes before his smile returned, double the size as Ray relaxed into the grass, pulling away from Justin's touch. The laughter that followed was different from every other time Justin had heard him laugh, every sound wave contorting into sharp weapons that stabbed at his heart.

"Good joke, man. I know you're straight, we're each others' wingmen, remember?" Ray breathed through his laughter. So he isn't gay, how did I forget our nights in the bar? Justin took this as a last chance to worm himself out, of course Ray wouldn't be interested in him at all, so pushing would only ruin what they had. He didn't want anything to change, he didn't want to screw this up, so he pulled against all his unwilling muscles to let out a howl of laughter that was more hysteria than amusement.

"Yeah, I'm totally just kidding dude, you should have seen your face," he choked out, continuing to laugh to hide the tears now spilling out of the corner of his eyes.

"Shut up, you're a fucking asshole." Ray suddenly died down at that, leveling him with a smirk before lying down on the grass, face away from him. Justin took that as the cue to stop laughing, lying down too, facing the opposite direction. They didn't talk after that, each pulling at a patch of grass in front of their face, until there were two identical patches of bare ground on the hill. They then walked down in silence, drove home in silence, and ate dinner in their own rooms. It wasn't until Ray came bounding in his room to hit him in the face with a spitball - which turned out to be a green pea because Ray was a picky eater - that the silence was broken.

Twenty minutes later, the kitchen was covered in the messy residue of an impromptu food fight. They both sat on the cold linoleum floor, panting like children after an intense game of tag. They were both smiling like idiots, Ray falling easily back into Justin - head nestling perfectly into the crook of his bronzed neck. Maybe we don't need a relationship, maybe this is enough. Justin knew he was just delaying the truth, that Ray just didn't like him, but he couldn't help but think there was more between them when he found himself caught in these intimate moments. He knew it would be easy, oh so easy to lean down and press gentle kisses to the man with a foul mouth and pale complexion, despite all the time he spent outside. For now, he convinced himself, for now, I'll enjoy his company.

 

 

To say he didn't worry every time he did something stupid would be a complete lie. Ray worried every time his mind whispered for him to do something reckless, but he loved the adrenaline that he would get from taking every risk his curiousity pushed him to take. Besides, his partner always had his back. That was perhaps what Ray loved most about Justin. He was fearless, and that let Ray explore his life to its full extent, despite his worries. He probably wouldn't have explored even a quarter of the things he's done with Justin because he didn't have the confidence in himself. But somehow, Justin just seemed to believe in his abilities, no matter how ridiculous the idea, and always encouraged him to push his limits. So far