terrifying.  

“I just don’t see,” you say, spitting the words out with much more force than they deserve. “Why we’re going party shopping now.”

“Because,” Terezi slurps, grinning at you from across the table. Your insides shrivel at the sight of bacon bits caught between her teeth. “I fuckin said so.” And she turns back to her omelet. You are simultaneously aroused and terrified. It’s not a good feeling.

Half an hour later, the four of you stand outside a twenty-four-hour Wal-Mart.

“Why,” is the only thing you can say.

“God bless us all, everyone,” Terezi intones and drags you in. Sollux and Aradia cackle in harmony and you fear for your life.

One of the few constant facts of the universe is everything is much funnier at six in the morning. The employees glare daggers at you when Aradia pushes Sollux into a pre-opened banana costume. Terezi takes to carrying one of the fake skeletons around her shoulders; she also shoves every single hat in every aisle she can find onto your head. It is the hardest challenge of your life so far to keep them from falling. Photos are taken for posterity’s sake, Sollux has to be physically dragged away from the bee costume, and somehow you manage to find anything you could possibly need and some things you don’t.

“What is it?” You ask Terezi the next afternoon. Since it was your house they were meant to be decorating, it had only seemed natural to end the night in a pile on the couch. You think. At some point booze had become involved, and the only thing you can remember is having cheez-wiz sprayed into your mouth and freaking out because you thought it was silly string. That shit can be deadly; you saw a post about it on Tumblr once.

“You know, I have no fucking clue,” Terezi takes the object from you, spread out on the couch above you. “Ooh, but it feels nice!” She laughs and tosses it at Sollux, who’s sleeping across your legs. He grows quietly in his sleep and flips her the bird. Aradia is already in the kitchen, making coffee or something. God, you hope she’s making coffee. No one is wearing a shirt.

“Soo, how’s it look?” Terezi asks, and you look around. For the work of four deranged and drunk brainless assfucks, it doesn’t look too bad. There are bats, fake cobwebs, and orange and black everywhere. If you remember correctly, there’s a punch bowl and seven bags of candy stashed in one of the cupboards.  You weren’t going to decorate, but after the booze had come out there really wasn’t any question of it. The only hard part will be not accidently scaring yourself shitless or ruining things before the next weekend.

“Like four drunken assholes tried to decorate,” you tell her, grinning despite yourself. You shove Sollux off and stretch, enjoying the appreciative glance Sollux gives your abs, when he cracks an eye open.

“Good,” Terezi joins you in your shamble to the kitchen, where Aradia is waiting with sandwiches and hot beverages. You could kiss her, but Terezi beats you too it. Her bra is a stark turquoise, which for some reason looks very aesthetically pleasing against Aradia’s rust red. You wonder if they planned this.

You end up spending a very enjoyable day with your four friends, in various states of undress. You also try very hard not to think about Dave during this time; you fail miserably.

I'm so sorry

= = > Can we just fast forward to the party?

I literally almost inserted another two chapters you fuck. But writing is hard and plot dictates we skip.

I hope you’re fucking happy.

= = > Be naked Dave Strider.

You are a naked Dave Strider. You are always a naked Dave Strider, under your clothes, which you happen to be wearing at the moment (sorry to disappoint.) You have arrived at Casa de Nerds with your older brother. You are dressed as each other, and it was a fucking brilliant idea no matter what anyone says.

Rose meets you on the walkway, dressed like a fairy. She is absolutely stunning, all dark silk and glowing pale skin.

“Hello, Dave, Dirk,” she greets you, a knowing light in her eyes. You nod to her, careful not to knock off Dirk’s shades. “It seems that someone egged our house earlier this week; would you happen to know anything about that?”

“Not a thing,” you shrug, just as Kanaya appears. She is equally as stunning as your sister, in the opposite colour scheme. Her silk is white and pure; her skin as dark as sin. They make a beautiful couple.

“May we escort you fine ladies to the party?” Dirk asks, extending his arm to Kanaya.

“Of course,” she says, grinning. Rose takes your arm and the four you walk up the