I cried like a baby and he held me. "Shhhhhhhhh it's ok chill," he said I to my ear. 

"T-They can't k-kill him," I said crying like a baby. He rubbed my back and took my phone and played the next video. Dean was alive. I was happy. 

"Now It's time to learn," he said grinning against my ass. I put my phone down and her got on top of me.  

He rubbed my side and then my brother walked in and was pissed. Jackson got up and pushed him out of the room flicking him off and locking to door. I stood up and he walked over to me. 

"Time to learn." He said smirker.

"Now I want to strip down then strip me," he said and I listened.

 I took off my shirt and unbutton my pants. I pulled off my underwear and took off my bra. Them I got of my knees and took off his pants then boxers and he took off his shirt. 

"Good girl. Now since this is your first time I'll be nice, but u have I be good. Ok so let's begin. Lay on the bed," I listened and did he said on the end of my legs. 

He started to rub on them then he looked at my pussy and licked his lips. His dick was big and I was a little scared for him to stick it in me. He started to rub my inner tight which made me moan. He smirked and kept going. Then he started rubbing my clit and he then stuck his finger in me. I moaned as he started to finger me. Then he leaned into my pussy and started licking and then my phone beeped which made me jump and I kicked him. 

"I'm sorry!" I said as soon as it happened. 

"I have to punish you," he said. He turned me over and smacked my ass hard I wanted to scream. I started to cry and he stopped and rubbed where he hit. "Sorry u didn't mean to hurt you that bad," he said and picked me up and held me in his arms. 

He rubbed were he hit and put the covers over us. He rubbed and I grabbed my phone and watched Supernatural and he rubbed my ass and kissed my neck. I watch as Dean came back and he rubbed his Dick against me.

Then I turned to him and his dick was right in front of my pussy. I could tell he wanted to fuck me. To have me begging for him. Im not a slut. 

"Do you feel better?" I nodded once he was done. "Good," he said before he kissed me. "If we have kids there going to learn how to have sex by using you and ill help them," yeah he was fucked up in the head. 

He started to kiss my neck then he went down till he got to my boobs. He started to like and suck ok them. I moaned as he did and he kept going. His mouth sucking on one of my boobs his hand on the other playing with my boob. 

After a little he pulled back and say up and I knew what he wanted. I looked at his big ass dick and grab it in my hands and started to go up and down. I went faster as he moaned. Then he stopped me. 

"Suck me dry," he said and I leaned it and put his dick in my mouth. I started to suck and lick it and he chummed. It went all in to my mouth until he stopped. "Sallow," and I did.  I pulled out. 

"There," I said. Then he grabbed me and looked into my eyes. 

"Now I'm going to fuck your pussy," he pinned me down and stuck his dick in me I held back the screams. 

He started to thrust going deeper and harder as I moaned and tears fell. It hurt a little but not as much as I thought it would. He went faster and faster until I was about to pass out. He pulled out I was sweating half to death. Thank god he didn't chum in me, but I couldn't move so he went up to my face and made me open up. He chummed in my mouth and I swallowed it all. 

"Good girl," he said smiling at me. "Now we will get married and start are owe family," he said smirking. I breathed. 

I curled into a ball and fell asleep pretty fast. I knew he would be holding me rubbing looking at my body, but this was not my life. I have to deal with it.

I woke up and Jackson was on the phone texting. I sat up and he smirked. I looked at him. He kicked my neck, and I bite my lip. 

"I can't wait till I get to teach our kids about sex," he said. Then he picked me up and sat me on his dick sliding it into me. 

It didn't hurt as bad as yesterday