this was good enough for now. He would learn and improve with time if I kept him around.

"Hmm you're not very good at this," I said as I moved myself out of his reach. I grabbed him by the cuffs and pulled him up to a standing position. "I have another idea of something fun I can do with you."

I led him over to a hook that hung from the ceiling, raising up and attached the cuffs to it. "Stay here."

I walked over to my wall of floggers and grabbed a pretty black and red one made of leather. I gripped it between my hands as I moved over behind Nym, "Try not to fall over." 

Even if he lost his balance the hook would keep him standing. He wasn't really capable of falling over despite his clumsiness.

I raised the flogger and brought it down on his already tender rump repeatedly, swinging it in an arcing motion.

"Ah! M-mistress," he gasped in surprise and pain.

I smiled as I enjoyed the view I had of Nym's backside as I flogged him. "You've been very bad breaking my tea set you clumsy male. Yet I punish you and you seem to enjoy it. Even now your cock is hard with excitement for what I'm doing to you." I stopped flogging him. "Beg for me to continue."

He was quiet for a moment then in a soft voice he spoke. "Mistress please don't stop."

"I can barely hear you. Are you asking me to stop?" I smirked as I teased him.

"Mistress please don't stop punishing me! Use me as you wish."

"There now that wasn't so hard." I continued flogging him as he let out a cry of excitement. Nym was more exciting than I had hoped for. Causing him pain while he seemed to love it excited me beyond belief. I went back over to my wall and put the flogger back then I grabbed a stiff wooden paddle.

"I'm going to make sure you can't sit down for the rest of the day," I cooed as I moved back over to him. I swung the paddle which connected with a loud crack.

"Ahh!"

I repeatedly swung the firm wooden paddle which reddened his ass further. Nym squirmed as I struck him which I found adorable. I smiled and swung harder.

"This will teach you to not drop and break precious objects anymore."

I didn't really care too much about the tea set, but it was fun to antagonize him, and pretend I did care about it.

"I bet you would like to have sex with me wouldn't you?"

"Yes Mistress," he said between paddlings.

I brought the paddle down hard on his rear and he squealed. "Well I don't think you deserve it without first being dressed for the occasion."

I was sure he was confused, but I had just the thing for him. I also had a lovely surprise in store for him. I walked over to my chest and opened it sifting through some of the clothing. I pulled out a scandalously short leather black pleated skirt, and some high heeled leather boots that looked about his size.As I approached him from the front I got a good look at his erect member, it looked tempting. He looked so desperate it excited me so. I undid the button on the skirt and wrapped it around his waist butttoning it again.

"Lift up one of your legs."

He did as ordered and I slid the boot up over his leg. "Ok I'm done with that one; now the other."

He put his leg down struggling with the different height of the new boot on his foot; then lifted up his other leg. I slid the other boot on skillfully. "I'm done with that one now as well." He gingerly set his other leg down and tried to balance in the women's attire I clothed him in. I traced his body with my fingertips, and he gasped from the sensation. Up from his pecs down to abs. I lazily moved my hand up to his nipples and pinched then; he squealed at the sensation.

"Sensitive are they?"

"Yes Mistress."

I rubbed his nipples as she shifted excitedly in his boots. I noticed some pre dripping from his hard cock. I leaned over and put my mouth on one of his nipples tracing it with my tongue before sucking on it. I pinches the other in my hand as he squirmed in delight and moaned. Playfully I nibbled on his nipple and then moved to the other tracing it with my tongue again before sucking on it. I held his nipple between my teeth as I pinched and pulled on the other one with my fingers.I let go of his nipples, and stood upright again.

"You're such a slut."

I flicked his perky nips as he moaned in pleasure. Grabbed them roughly I decided to find something better suited to use on them.

I walked back to my chest and found two nipple clamps adorned with