left, Dean's eyes trailed after her swaying frame until she disappeared behind the doors to the kitchens- not with lust, like one might expect from someone like him, but with regret. That marked one less diversion standing between him and the soul-bearing conversation Sam wanted to have. Now, the only thing he could use to avoid talking was the gigantic burger Leah had abandoned on the table for his enjoyment: a double-paddy Western Style drizzled with steamy steak-sauce and extra onions... which looked less than appetizing.

Dean decided to chance a look at Sam, who was aimlessly prodding at his own food; a tasteless assortment of greens that Dean decided didn't count as food at all.

Neither of them found any words.

Silence stretched long and just a bit too thin, and Dean's desire to break it warred with the one that willed it to last.

There was no denying the tension that'd built between him and his brother. Dean could sense it every time their eyes met, one always hiding something while the other probed to find out what. An endless game of cat and mouse that, no matter how long they played for or how many times they swapped roles, produced no winners.

Dean could blame it on a lot of things. Being stuck in the car with Sam nine hours without stops that day, for instance—or their decision to take a job in Kansas in the first place, where the voting hadn't exactly been unanimous. But at the core of it all, Dean could run in a lot of circles explaining away questions he already knew the answers to, if only to take the edge off.

The truth was, long road trips weren't to blame. Neither was drafting Sam into taking the Tokpeka job with him. Sam had suffered that and worse already; long drives and occasional bossiness weren't new obstacles between them.

No, their disconnect started a few days ago, all the way back at that warehouse in Joliet, Illinois— after their run in with the resident Djinn. When he confessed that he questioned if hunting was really worth the hardship they reaped, and admitted to Sam that, for a moment, he'd actually entertained the idea of remaining in the fantasy created for him by that wish-granting sonofabitch. One that could easily have lasted a lifetime.

From then on... he and Sam had done their best to slip back into their normal routine. But apparently, with their uneasy, noiseless dinner as live proof, they were doing a bang up job of it.

It started with little things. Just a tentative glance here, a 'whatever, forget it' there- and yeah, all right, a lot of it was his fault. That last job... the Djinn causing his unspoken wish to materialize into reality, or... something close to it anyway, it messed with his head.

Living moments that could never be real with loved ones who would never come back? It pulled into perspective how crappy and utterly messed up his life really was, yanked a vast amount of pain he had caged in his heart all the way up to the surface, a hurt he couldn't pretend away.

Above everything, it showed Dean how wrong it all was.

From losing their Mom to Sam's freakish 'premonitions', to his Dad's... decision, inevitably ending with those haunting words. The ones that echoed inside his scull every night before sleep even had a chance to find him. His father's command, followed by the sickening warning that never failed to make his very skin crawl, no matter how many times he tried to convince himself he wouldn't need them.

Save him, and if you can't, you're gonna have to kill him. 

What that short-lived delusion the Djinn gave him was, in the turbulence of their day to day life, was anesthesia. That's why he wanted so badly to stay. When Dean finally brought himself back to his own reality, the terrible weight of everything he carried on his shoulders crashed back down all at once. After having had that brief taste of weightlessness, all that responsibility and guilt and general crap he hauled around felt heavier than it ever had before.

So yeah. Instead of ironing out whatever issues that had arisen early on, it was him and not Sam that chose to let it all fester like an unattended wound. Both brothers were aware it would need to be addressed, or the damage might become irreparable. Problem was Sam wanted to do that now, or soon, whereas Dean would rather go on ignoring it— preferably with the help of liquor burning a fiery trail down his throat.

In the end, it was Sam who overcame the silence. Fortunately for Dean, the younger didn't talk to him like he was Dean's psychiatrist, which was more than he expected.

"So uh... did he say anything else?"

'He', of course, referring to the old hunter contact of their Dad's, Todd Neuman, who was responsible for bringing them the Topeka case to begin with