and I were the only one's out of us five that loved her with a burning passion, sure they liked her and weren't haters. They just lacked the amount of enthusiasm that we both held, they would just sit back and watch both of us pop a blood vessel every once and a while when something new of Evangeline's came out.

Like right now.

"Niall did you see Evangeline's new line of merch? I just ordered one of her shirts!"

"Of course, I'm getting one of her guitar picks for myself." I smiled hard as I examined the sweater on my phone, the sweater was a plain grey. but in black script there was 'Future wife of Evangeline Hope' with a black ring beneath the words. I ran a hand through my hair and stood to my feet proudly before waltzing to the living room from the kitchen, pride loudly expressed through my strides and smiles. I sat down on the couch between my mom and Niall, she looked over to me with a raised eyebrow and smile. "What did this Evergreen girl of yours do? You're smiling that way again." I threw my head back with laughter before responding. "First mum, it's Evangeline and secondly she just released a new line of merch and I got myself a shirt." Then Niall decided to chime in beside me. "And I got a guitar pick!" She laughed before placing her hand on my leg. "With what money may I ask?"

"My money." I answered before we both turned to Niall. "What about you Niall?" He blushed sheepishly before looking to his blank phone screen. "Well, with Harry's money." He shrugged before I bust out in laughter and elbowed him hard in the side. "Really mate? He  simply threw his head back with laughter while taking his turn to elbow me in the side. "Cut it out will you?" I murmured as I stood up from where I sat and began to walk to my bedroom. "Harry wait for me!" At that exact moment my phone chimed in my front pocket, I took it out and saw that it was a text from Liam.

'I heard that girl you like is doing vidcon or something.'

I turned to Niall and let out a yell as he rammed into me, we both cried out in pain as my phone suddenly dropped to the floor. "Niall, Liam just texted me saying he thinks that Evangeline is going on vidcon this year!" He looked at me with wide blown eyes before pushing past me and plowing into my bedroom, I hurried after him and saw that he had just pulled open my laptop. I watched as he typed furiously before he let out a surprised wail, he grabbed the laptop and forced into into my hands. I looked to the screen and saw that Evangeline had just updated a new video about a minute ago, and it was titled 'GOING TO VIDCON!!!' I sat down right where I stood before turning on the video with pure excitement. The screen loaded for several seconds before it showed her blank living room, she suddenly popped out of no where spinning on a swivel chair while screaming.

I couldn't help but embarrassingly laugh at her craziness, it transitioned to her sitting in that chair with her usual beautiful smile. Perfect blue and black ombre hair set into a bun on top of her head, her harsh baby blue eyes boring into my soul through the camera. Her black prescribed Ray-Ban glasses perched on her nose, she was absolutely adorable without even trying. "Good day everyone, it's me Eva here to announce some astounding news! You probably know already by the title of this video, but I just want to be able to say it. I'M GOING TO VIDCON!!" I transitioned to a shot of her cartwheeling in her living room, but obviously failing as she knocked a book shelf over as she screamed. The shot came back to her holding an ice pack to her head but with the same lovely smile, the bookshelf in her room disappeared from the video entirely causing Niall and I to die laughing.

"Ok, just a little tip. Don't cartwheel in you're flat if it's the size of a shoe box." I laughed at her quirkiness before continuing with the rest of the video, letting us know the details of her stay at Vidcon. She concluded the visual, telling everyone watching that she loved them more that candy, but not as much as Jolly Ranchers. As soon as the video ended I immediately went to look up the cost for a trip to Vidcon, my eyes widened at the price before going to check the amount of money I had in my bank account. I had almost half the amount it would take for the both of us to go, Niall began pacing around the room while nervously biting his nails. "We don't have enough money Harry, what the hell are we going to do? This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and there's only enough money to send one of us!" I stood up