It's actually tomorrow so I'll be 22 then." Perrie said with a big smile. Harry felt the desire to tell her happy birthday. He paused the video, logging into Twitter. He searched for any sort of Twitter account with the name Perrie, feeling ecstatic when he found her after a few minutes. Perrie Edwards. 

 

Harry thought her name fit her perfectly and he couldn't help but admire her profile picture which was a stunning selfie of her. He hit the follow button. He had a wee bit of trouble finding Louis though. He tried different spellings and he couldn't find him, which made Harry a bit sad. He went back to Perrie's account, figuring that Perrie must follow him. 

 

After a bit of searching, Harry finally found Louis. To say he was happy was an understatement. He was in awe at the beautiful profile picture and he actually scrolled to see what Louis' last tweet was. Then, he checked through Louis' photos and videos. He felt like a bloody stalker.

 

He definitely hit Louis' follow button. 

 

Throughout the next few weeks, Harry watched every video, retweeted every new tweet, even tweeted Louis and Perrie himself sometimes. He never told Zayn though. Zayn wouldn't understand that he was actually very into these two as YouTubers and not just because they're both very attractive, although, that was a plus. 

 

Then, it happened. 

 

Louis tweeted Harry back. Harry screamed so loud and he was pretty sure his mum was very concerned from downstairs. Not concerned enough to actually check up on him apparently. Harry retweeted Louis' tweet.

 


Hey Harry ! i've noticed you're a devoted fan ! Just wanna thank you for that, mate. Perrie and I really appreciate it. You coming to vidcon? xx 


 

Harry actually wanted to tattoo it on his forehead. He had to gain his composure back before tweeting Louis back.

 


Shit Louis hi!!!!! I didn't expect you to reply hahah..no I'm not going to vidcon :( xx H


 


Aww well that's a bummer ! Pez and I were really excited to meet you. :( why aren't you coming? 


 

Harry had to stop himself from 'awwing'. Louis was so cute, he was so so cute.

 


No money for tickets :/ mum doesn't want me to anyway, she thinks it's dangerous xx H


 


We can getcha some tix if you want ! 


 


I can't ask you to do that, Louis. Thanks though. :) Mum still wouldn't want me to go. xx H


 


It's an offer. Please let me get you some, we love meeting ALL of our fans. Show your mum our tweets and she'll say yes xx : )


 


Okay fine I'll ask thank you Lou :) 


 


No problem babe ! x


 

Harry screamed again and this time, his mum did come up to his bedroom. 

 

"What is all this screaming about?" She asked, sitting on Harry's bed while giving a pat to his leg. 

 

"Mum, please, can I go to Vidcon?!" He yelled.

 

"I told you no and stop screaming." 

 

"Please, Louis, said he'd let us in for free." 

 

"What?" 

 

"He tweeted me and said he wanted us there. Please, mum!" Harry threw his phone in his mum's lap, watching nervously as she scrolled through the tweets. 

 

"I know you love them a lot, Harry. But you're young. I don't want you to get run over. Those crowds are big."

 

"You'll be there with me! I really wanna go! Please!" Anne sighed at her son. Harry somehow knew that was a yes. "Yes! Thank you, mum!"

 

After Anne left the room, Harry tweeted Louis back.

 


My mum said yes. Thank you, Louis. :) I cannot wait to meet you and P :)) xx H


 

 

Louis didn't reply until morning and Harry retweeted it before he even read the entire tweet. 

 


Awesome ! Thats great love glad you're coming !  x


 

"So, you're going to Vidcon? What the fuck? Wasn't I the person to show you and then you sneak off and get tickets to Vidcon? I wanna meet Perrie too!" Zayn yelled.

 

"I don't have tickets. Louis' letting us in for free."

 

"Just to meet you?"

 

"Yes, and I, unlike you, love them both. I don't just like them because they're hot." Zayn shook his head but then stared at Harry questioningly.

 

"Did you just call them both hot?" Zayn asked, smirking.

 

"Well, they're both ... good-looking." 

 

"That's why you wouldn't admit Perrie was hot? Because you're fond of the lad, huh?"

 

"What the fuck, Zayn? I told you I thought Perrie was pretty."

 

"Pretty is not hot."

 

"I'm just a little bit more respectful than you are, Zayn." Zayn