. Paintings were hung all over the walls, each unique. Some had landscapes, others portrayed her family, and a few were of...”

“Ponies!” Kimiko flung up her arms, whacking her brother in the face with the back of her hand.

He winced, rubbing at his cheek, but didn’t say anything.

“... And a few were of  ponies,” Touko allowed reluctantly. “There was also an easel and lots of different coloured paints...”

“Like pink?” asked Kimiko.

“Yes, among others.” Touko clasped her hands together. “Amarante’s mother watched her daughter tour the room. All the paintings were beautiful - Amarante had seen a few of them before but never for long. Her mouth hung open and she soon wandered over to the mirror.”

Byakuya Jr. frowned at the mention of the mirror.

In contrast, Kimiko was as upbeat as ever. “How many paintings were there? Five? Six? Eleventy?”

“That’s not relevant to the plot,” Touko said.

“Yes, it is!”

“No, it’s...” Touko closed her eyes for a several seconds. “... One hundred.”

“Who counted? What are they all of?”

“Kimiko,” Byakuya Jr. said before Touko could respond, “let Mother continue the story.”

“But I really need to know,” whined Kimiko.

“Thirty were of landscapes, twenty paintings were of cows grazing, forty of the paintings were of their family and the last ten were of ponies,” Byakuya Jr. said.

This was why Touko disliked telling stories to other people, especially children even if they were her own. In general, people asked questions that would be answered later in the plot or questions they would know the answer to if they had a shred of intelligence, and she disliked how people habitually focused on insignificant details while disregarding layers of themes that she painstakingly wove. Satisfying everyone would be near impossible, which was why she tried to write stories that she would enjoy rather than what other people would enjoy.

His answer seemed to satisfy Kimiko if only because her tiredness moderated any desire she had for a more specific description. Her head bobbed forward and Touko interpreted it as permission for the story to continue.

Touko said, “Amarante studied her reflection in the mirror and gasped. Because... Because the reflection was wrong.” She separated her hands and pressed them against her lap.

Byakuya Jr. and Kimiko jerked up their chins, eyes wide, but thankfully stayed quiet.

“In the mirror was a wicked girl who looked remarkably similar to Amarante, only the reflection had cruel eyes, a taller height and a thinner build,” Touko said. “And behind this girl, inside the mirror, Amarante’s real mother shouted something but Amarante couldn’t hear what. She turned around, heart thudding, and came face-to-face with the woman pretending to be her mother, the imposter bearing the same wolfish grin as Amarante’s reflection.”

“... Wow,” Kimiko said. “So did Ama’s fake mama gobble her up?”

“No,” Byakuya Jr. retorted, glancing anxiously at Touko. “Amarante’s mother didn’t eat her, did she?”

Touko pinched the bit of skin between her eyebrows, suppressing a sigh. “No. Amarante’s mother wanted to swap Amarante with the mirrored Amarante, so Amarante sprinted past her imposter mother and into the garden where her father was tending to the garden. Or at least, where her father should have been...”

“Ama’s fake mama gobbled him up!” Kimiko squealed.

“I think he just went through the mirror,” Byakuya Jr. told her.

“He did,” Touko said. “Amarante had no choice but to find the woman who sold her mother the mirror, so she ran as fast as she could through the woods with her fake parents someway behind her. She thought she lost them and stopped to rest, leaning against a tree, but then her fake parents leaped out in front of her. Amarante thought they were going to capture her but a masked figure swooped down from the branches above her head. He straightened up and-”

“Is the love interest really necessary?” said a voice from the doorway.

Touko yelped, Byakuya Jr. pulled his blanket up to his nose and Kimiko laughed.

“Daddy!” Kimiko waved both her hands, vibrating with excitement. “Mama’s telling us a story about a girl, and her mother paints ponies.”

Byakuya strode over, arms folded over his chest. He seated himself next to Touko. “Isn’t it a little late for stories?”

Kimiko puffed out her cheeks. “Daddy, let Mama finish the story.”

He raised his eyebrows. “Fine. So, Touko,” he turned to her, “what happened after this masked vigilante who was conveniently nearby descended from the tree?”

Touko twitched. “Oh! Well... I, um...” She twiddled her thumbs. “The masked vigilante brandished his sword and told Amarante to follow him to safety. So she she did, keeping to his side, and-”

“Father,” Byakuya Jr. suddenly