million pieces of bread just to see Poe smile up at him like that again. Poe’s smile made him comfortable enough to remove his helmet, to be vulnerable. Poe told him he was “classically handsome”; Finn had no idea what that meant, but the way Poe bit his own lip afterwards led him to assume it was good. ‘Good’ was a word that crossed his mind a lot when he was with Poe. Poe was good. Finn felt good around him. After a lifetime of cold, darkness, being with Poe made him feel warm and light.

“I think you’d like it, Finn. General Organa doesn’t use the ongoing war as an excuse to let pleasantries and decency slide. She’s amazing, and I genuinely believe you’d get along really well with a lot of the pilots, too. And the food, my god” Poe closed his eyes and moaned at the idea of it. “I probably shouldn’t even try to explain the food to you. I doubt I’m getting out of here, and the thought of never eating Puffcake again is a worse torture than, well…” He gave the chain a quick tug, laughing to himself.

That damned chain. Those damned cuffs. Finn wanted to fix it all for Poe, but removing his helmet was enough of a risk. If someone walked in and saw him without his helmet, the prisoner free… It’d be bad. For both of them.

Poe saw Finn look down and away from him, his expression turning sad. Poe stopped himself. “Listen, man. I’m… yeah, sorry”

Finn looked back and tilted his head in confusion. “Sorry for what?”

“For being so bleak. For referring to my current state. I don’t want you to think I’m trying to play you or anything. Like I’m trying to win you over in an effort to get out of here. I’ve come to terms with how the rest of my life is likely to play out, but I want you to know that you’ve been the lone bright spot in Force knows how long I’ve been here”

Poe reached both hands out to Finn, palms up. Finn found himself reaching his own hands out to meet him, letting Poe hold him for a few moments. The pilot looked defeated, but sincerely grateful, and he mouthed a soft “thank you” before releasing Finn.

The Stormtrooper wanted to keep holding his hands, to let him know that he was going to have Puffcake again, and soon, and they were going to have it together because Finn was going to break them out of there, he just needed the right opportunity, dammit, but –

Finn’s train of thought was cut short by a nagging feeling in the back of his mind. Did he hear footsteps heading their direction? Kriff.

“Someone’s coming” he said, gathering up and disposing of the wrappers and empty bottles they had used. Poe didn’t need to be told to slide back against the wall, to look morose. Finn snapped his helmet back into place, grabbed his blaster, and jumped to his post.

Seconds later, the door slid open. It was Kylo Ren, accompanied by another Stormtrooper. Finn could tell it was Nines. A wave of nausea hit him.

Panic.  

Finn’s eyes darted over to where Poe was seated. He looked resigned, almost expressionless. Finn wished he was holding Poe’s hands again.

“FN-2187”

Finn tried to calm his voice. “Yes, Lord Ren?”

Kylo was staring at Poe. “Wait outside with FN-2199 until I call for you”

“Yes, Lord Ren” Finn was surprised at how steady and normal he sounded, considering he was screaming on the inside. He followed Nines out of the room and held his blaster close to his chest, the way a Stormtrooper guard was supposed to.

“…Nines” he whispered.

FN-2199 turned his head slightly to acknowledge him. “Oi?”

“What’s the situation? I wasn’t briefed on any changes” Finn tried desperately to sound mildly curious at best. He didn’t know if it was working or not.

“Lord Ren needs to get some information from the prisoner. I’m ‘ere to soften him up if he proves… reluctant” Finn could tell Nines was smiling, the sick bastard.

Straightening himself, Finn resolved to do all he could to get them out of there as soon as possible. He hoped that he would still be assigned to guard Poe after today. What if they got what they needed and Ren killed him before he had the chance?

The Stormtroopers stood in silence, guarding the door.

Finn’s heart shattered when Poe started screaming.

Kylo had to take it all. It's the only way Poe would be safe.

Here's the second half of that short chapter 11!

TW: Mentions of non-con. Nothing graphic, but figured you should know it comes up