cry baby, Lena! Where is the brave woman inside you?” He shook her shoulders. “Came on! It’s just a girl that you are interested in, and you are trying to take a chance of a ‘Yes’. don’t be so silly and mess it up a second time!”



“Well, if I have to talk with her… I’m a coward mouse instead than a brave woman” Lena shifted nervously “I… Ah… are you sure that she’ll like it? I’m afraid that she’ll just ignore me and go away” 



“I don’t have any doubt! After you are sung, show her this small plate in your pockets, and if there is anything she needs to know about you and your interests in taking her for a date, it’ll be here even if she only speaks a little English..” The terrified girl adjusted her pilot brown coat “And another reason for her date you, you’re a future aspirant woman airman, who wouldn’t date you?”



The small girl frowned and took a while to reflect what Lúcio just said.



“Yeah, you’re right! I must be brave! ‘No’ I already have! So I have to try to take a ‘yes’!” Closing her fingers in a confident look.



“That's my girl!” Lúcio says and pat Lena on the back one last time. “Now! Show your charming voice and seduce that Frenchy!”



“Yeah!” She screamed “Wait… What?”



“Ow, Moça! Came on! You know! She’s so gorgeous that she looks like a vampire queen!” Lena’s friend laughed as he pushed the British girl towards the door. “Y’know, just call me when you finish. Don’t let bad thinking bring you under, everything's gonna be okay, even if she says ‘no’, You can still be friends. That music I chose isn’t to declare love. Is more to make her laugh with the pronunciation and the lyrics. And you won’t fail if you wrong a word, just keep singing. You practiced this music for a week.”



“Yeah, but…” Lúcio put a hand over her mouth.



“Enough ‘but’ where is the brave Lena? Now go!” He pushed and closed the door in Lena’s face. 







“Explique moi, je t’en prie dis moi … ce qu’il nous en adviendra” Amélie doesn’t usually sing, but when she gets angry enough and dancing cannot sooth those emotions, she turns to the vocals.



Hating how the things have been turning upside down in her life, she only corkscrews on the ice and the skate only hiss sometimes. She’s really disappointed knowing (by Sombra) Marcus had a relapse again, and to make this worst he had been missing for days and their parents don’t give any effort to help their own son - she worries for now. 



Amélie fury is also with her ballet teacher, giving her classmates high anxiety by telling them they need to get thinner and causing some of them to develop health issues with anorexia and bulimia. She caught on classmate, Carolina, throwing up in the restroom all she had eaten early. Amélie had been upset when there was nothing she could do to help after talking with her. Perhaps she should denounce the teacher soon - but she couldn’t now - they will have a performance in a few months. If she knew earlier, maybe she would have done something different, but after this show she will take the right actions without any doubt. Amélie just wish that she wasn’t too late for the other girls to noticed that what they are doing is unhealthy to themselves and their future career. 



“Avancer dans ce monde est devenu irrespirable” The lyrics were being mumbled in her mouth, while her body movement spoke better with her waist movements, with circles in her own axis, making the more delicate and careful dance. Anger is the reason her body is warming. She just wishes to make this feeling get out. 



“La froideur de cette solitude se propage indéfiniment



Rappelant la chaleur de ces souvEnirs me traversant” She stretched her body to its limit and one of her headphone fell out of her ears. Her hand sliding out freely to put it back as she balanced her weight on one leg




“Amélie…It is just that one, even if you take an injury, you must finish this music” 

Preparing herself to the other leap sequence, a simple choreography with graceful draws on ice. She must focus her breathing to have even exhalation and inhalation.



She did her best to body keep up the rhythm with a simple leap and triple-flip and triple-loop toe, sometimes resorting to pushing off her limits. Nevertheless, it is when her concentration is  gone that she notices a sight of life stare at her at her as she finished.



“Qui êtes-vous?” [T:Who are you?] She Asked, making a simple frown to a small girl near the ice field that looked like a little