deeper in the Ministry, no one could make Harry go back to the Dursleys now.

Hugh, Proudfoot, and Bones all place their wands on top of the case, the magic of the case pulling magic from the adults to seal up. Purple blends with dark blue that blends with a light red, swirling and making a pattern across the once pure case. "Good, that is very good." Bones leans back, taking the case and tucking it by her desk.

Auror Proudfoot bows once again, giving the Madam a smile first before nodding to Hugh and then Harry. "I hope you all have a good day, and that I can be of assistance to you once again." He leaves, Hugh finally picking up a sandwich and eating.

"So, am I just under Hugh's protection or is he my official magical and regular guardian?" Harry wonders, full from the sandwiches and just wanting to get his information right before too much hope settles in.

Hugh looks to Bones, the older woman sitting up straight. "He is your guardian, unless you wish to be placed with another family or he dies in which case you become a ward of the Ministry under my authority. Anyone else in the Ministry would be tempted to use you for financial or political gain, but being from an Ancient and Noble house myself I don't feel that particular pull."

This was said with a chuckle, Hugh smirking and rubbing Harry's shoulder. "Seems like you're stuck with me kid, for better or for worse." Harry grins, sipping some more juice. "For better, definitely."

They spend a few more moments talking about the Ministry and how things will go from here, the new family giving Madam Bones their thanks as they leave for Black's office.

"So, since my sector is pretty quiet and I do have an obligation to get you outfitted properly, shall we skip on over to muggle London?" Hugh waggles his eyebrows, Harry laughing a clear and innocent sound.

"Sure, I'd be glad to wear something new. Is uh, will we need to get some of my gold and exchange it for pounds?" Hugh shakes his head, double checking his desk and leaving a note for anyone who needed him as well as shedding his robe. "I am your parent now, so your care and such are now my duties. You can save your money for little things or big things you want, for any books or knickknacks you find interesting. I have a muggle card and cash, so anything you see I'll get you as late birthday presents as long as it isn't clothing."

As the older man talks they're walking over to the elevators, going down to the Atrium and then out to the street. Harry breathes in deep, looking around at the people walking by. "Uh, where should we go now? I haven't been in London enough to know."

Hugh pats his back, walking over to the tube and pulling out his card. He pays for both of them and they ride to the shops, Harry taking in everything, including the confusing map for the rail system.

They walk until Harry points out a casual clothing store, Hugh helping him pick out a few pairs of loose fitting jeans he was sure to grow into. Harry grabs a few shirts and a light jacket, as well as embarrassingly grabbing some good socks and proper underwear. Hugh pays as the goods are packed in a large bag, Harry leaning into his side.

"Do I need anything fancy? I don't know if I could pull something like that off." He says absentmindedly, following Hugh out of the store with the large bag. The older man looks at him and laughs softly, ruffling his hair. "Thankfully you're only twelve, you don't need anything fancy. But you do need a bed and some furniture, shall we get something ordered here or in the Alley?"

Harry hums, following his new father with a smile. "Here, I don't even want to know how many different things there are for a bed there." Hugh hums in agreement and looks around until he spies a furniture store, the pair making their way onward.

Harry goes to the bed section as Hugh browses shelving, carrying the bag for the almost teen. The workers help Hugh get a tab set up, ordering a few things for Harry that he'll use if the boy doesn't want it.

The younger brunet flops down on different beds, mind racing with everything that's happened in less that twenty-four hours. He's stuck between two beds but one bedspread catches his eye. It was dark blue with sliver lining, stars and moons in white covering it. He asks a worker to put it on the tab, going from bed to bed in order to make a decision.

Hugh comes up as he's face down on a bed, the older man running a hand along the wood. "This one seems good, anything else?" Harry turns his head, shrugging his shoulders but looking