himself mentally for such boldness. “Anyways, I can still wait a little. It’s just a matter of time, baby.”

Sasuke felt a sudden coldness as Suigetsu’s body separated from his own. He wanted to slide down and sit on the floor, but he forced himself not to. As much as he wanted to, he couldn’t deny that he felt some kind of attraction towards Suigetsu. Taking the lack of contact as an opportunity, he walked out of the room with the white haired man trailing behind him. He didn’t have to turn around to know that Suigetsu had a smirk plastered across his face. Finally, they reached the entrance of the library where Juugo was waiting for them. He looked at both of them and sighed knowingly. He didn’t know what had happened, but knowing his roommate he had probably made Sasuke uncomfortable. 

“Yo, Sasuke. You said you just arrived at your place yesterday, right?” Suigetsu asked as the group exited the building. Sasuke nodded. He looked around him, this morning he had been in such a rush that he hadn’t even looked at the buildings. “Do you have food at least?”

 “Hn… I do kind of have an empty fridge actually.”

“You could come to our flat to have dinner, its close by.” Suigetsu’s eyes brightened up upon the possibility.

“I guess I could, if Juugo is willing to.” 

“I think I owe you at least a dinner for putting up with Suigetsu all day” Juugo smiled at Sasuke. He was glad he had found someone whose personality merged so well with his own and who was able to withstand Suigetsu. 

With that said, the group started walking towards Suigetsu and Juugo’s place.

So here’s the second chapter, sorry for the delay but I’ve been kind of busy these days! On a second thought, I’ve decided not to set dates to publish the next chapter, since it only makes me rush stuff and I want to take my time to write this properly. I hope you guys can understand this. Anyways, the questions from last chapter are still on! These are:

1.	Itachi will eventually appear, as well as some other characters. I’m accepting almost any pairing and suggestion, so feel free to send some!2.	I have some Professors thought through (Tsunade, Jiraiya, Ibiki and some surprises) but if you guys want to suggest new professors and their subjects just send me a request!

Enjoy!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

They walked side by side, Sasuke being in the middle of both Juugo and Suigetsu. The Uchiha’s intense gaze wandered, retaining the details of the streets around him. It was, after all, his first day at the city. He was amazed at the size of the buildings, all of them inching into the sky. It was a little over-the-top, or so did he believe. However, he was starting to love the place. It was busy, but strangely welcoming… or it would’ve been anyways if he didn’t have Suigetsu’s body awkwardly brushing against his while they walked. Sasuke was too busy admiring the streets, so he had diverted his attention from the conversation that was currently going on between both roommates. He sighed almost inaudibly, uselessly trying to win some of his personal space back by getting closer to Juugo. He soon realized it was futile and gave up.

   A few turns later, Juugo started searching for the keys in his pocket, quickly getting them out and fumbling with them to open the door to a fairly big building. The doorway was badly lit, projecting long shadows in every corner. Sasuke felt uneasy. While he did kind of trust his newly met friends, he had the feeling that their building was surrounded by serial killers judging by the large knife markings on the walls. Clearly, they didn’t live in a high-standing part of town. It’s the downside of big cities, Sasuke guessed. 

“Aw, is poor little Sas afraid? You shouldn’t be, babe, I’m just right here!” Suigetsu wrapped his arms around Sasuke’s waist, feeling the heat that radiated from his body merge with his own. Suigetsu didn’t really know why he had started to feel such attraction towards the raven. It was irrefutable that he was jaw-dropping beautiful. The pallid tone of his skin seemed to be alluring Suigetsu, demanding for him to decorate it with his own markings. That same skin colour would have given a sickly appearance to anyone else who dared to wear it, but in Sasuke it only created an utterly perfect contrast with the jet black tone of his hair, making him so desirable that Suigetsu was finding it impossible to keep his hands off of the Uchiha. 

   “Even if I was, I would definitely not rely on you to keep me safe. I can handle myself just fine, Suigetsu.” He deadpanned. Damn, getting into the raven’s pants was definitely going to need