as he looked deep in thought. “What happens to the clan?” He asks quietly.

I looked down at the tabletop, biting my lip. I was surprised I hadn't drawn blood yet. “Its...” I trailed off. “Not fine.” I stated.

Man was that an understatement.

“Not fine?” Shisui asked, looking at me critically. “What happens?”


Bodies of clansmen piled in homes, caught unawares and killed on the spot. Blood trickling over corpses, spreading across the tatami mat and filling the air with the thick scent of copper. A small child is alone in a district far too quiet, running through the streets.


“Before we continue,” I started, swallowing the lump in my throat and trying to keep my voice as steady and serious as I could manage against my anxiety. “I need you to swear to me that what we discuss does not leave this room unless I say it can–nor can you act alone in changing the future.”

He stared at me for a long moment, and I briefly realized that I probably wasn't acting like a child, but I didn't care. I needed that security. Shisui took a deep breath, as if contemplating his options, before nodding. “Alright. I swear.”

“The clan is massacred.” I say. Shisui's grip on his teacup tightens and for a split second I wonder if it'll shatter. “You end up d-dying,” I begin, choking out the word like poison. “m-...mom and dad end up dying.” The words are oddly difficult to actually say, as if they're a curse. I feel my breathing teeter off and become uneven as I imagine them piled on the floor, “The only survivors are Itachi and Sasuke.”

“All of them?” Shisui whispers to himself, I glance up, noting the far off look in his eyes as his expression turns distraught. “And you?”

Ah, the tricky question.

“I don't exist.” I said, looking away from him and letting my gaze focus on my teacup. I swung my feet childishly below the table just to keep from tapping my own fingers on the tabletop.

“You don't exist?” Shisui repeats, brows furrowing. I nod in response.

“The future I see, it's one where I don't exist.” I explain. “I'm not in the visions.”

“So you can't see your own future?” Shisui asks, and I shrug. Sure, let him think of it like that.

“Let's start from the beginning with the important details first.” I said, pushing the conversation onward. “Oh also, whatever you do, do not trust Danzō Shimura.” I said, and watched as Shisui's expression shifted, his eyes narrowing as he regards me seriously.

“I never really trusted him to begin with. Why is he important?” Shisui asks, and I swallow and take another deep breath.

“He steals your right eye.” I begin, choosing my words carefully. “And then you... kill yourself.”

Silence. Again. I swallowed and took another sip of tea.

“Why?” Shisui asks, as if to himself.

“You eventually plan to use your mangekyō sharingan, kotoamatsukami, on my dad,” I say, before adding. “Fugaku, the clan head. Danzō feared you would eventually use it on him.”

Shisui turned his gaze back to mine. “I'd only consider that as a last resort, does that mean–“

“The clan was not willing to back down.” I started. “It was the last resort.”

“Then how do Itachi and Sasuke survive?” Shisui questions. “What happened?”

I frowned. This entire conversation was turning into a clusterfuck of information and not at all as organized nor as linear as I planned. At least it seemed like Shisui was keeping up.

“... Danzō presents Itachi with a choice,” I begin carefully. “he can kill the clan himself, thus saving the village from facing any vengeful backlash, sparing his brother in the process, or die with it.” I watched as Shisui winced, his expression shifted from shock, then to something oddly brooding.

“...He used Sasuke.” Shisui whispered, his voice uncharacteristically icy.

“...Itachi chose Sasuke.” I said, my voice quiet. I had no doubt Itachi would do the same thing all over again if it meant saving Sasuke.

“When does this happen?” Shisui asked. I sighed as I ran a hand over my eyes, suddenly feeling tired. The worst of the hurdles were passed, at least, and he believed me.

“In about... three years?” I said, frowning. “It's shortly after your death, and when Itachi is an anbu captain.” I explained. “I think sometime in the coming months, Itachi will join anbu. You'll be ordered to spy on him, and eventually reveal the situation to the Third Hokage.” I said, and bit my lip. “I'm running out of time