show (and post-show cuddles) Zatanna got the worst case of the flu she could ever remember having in all of her nineteen years.

~

"You don't have to stay," she told her boys, as they stood around the bed that Zatanna had very little urge to get out of. 

Too tired to get out of bed definitely meant that ice skating was out of the picture. 

"What else would we do?" Dick asked simply, which was sweet enough that it absolutely reminded Zatanna why he'd been her first - though not last - choice. 

"Dick is correct. You are ours, and so is the celebration we were meant to have. We will remain with you during your sickness," Kaldur responded, with a gentleness that made Zatanna glad Dick had never gotten over his crush on the team leader.

"What am I supposed to do, drink hot chocolate alone?" Roy scoffed, and though he rolled his eyes at the idea, he did hand her a new box of tissues when she started to cough, and that was enough to make Zatanna glad that Kaldur had never gotten over his Roy infatuation.

After blowing her nose, she hastily assured them again that it wasn't necessary to stay. But her boys were nothing, if not stubborn, and they didn't listen. That they rarely did was part of their charm, really, and she was frankly too tired to argue with them. 

So they spent Friday night in, Zatanna alternately sleeping, coughing and blowing her nose, while the boys played their version of a quiet card game on the floor next to her. 

It was a horrible way to celebrate a six-month anniversary, and if the NyQuil had let her stay awake long enough to care, Zatanna would have been greatly upset about it all. 

~

 

If she'd been sleepy and generally displeased with the world on Friday night, Saturday morning - okay, afternoon - put Zatanna in an entirely different mood. 

She was pretty sure that she was dying. Really, she'd been in enough life or death situations that she should know when she was dying. 

She informed Kaldur of as much, and he raised an eyebrow at her. She retaliated by telling him he made a terrible Vulcan. 

She informed Dick of her deadly illness, and he told her to stay whelmed. She retaliated by throwing a box of tissues at Dick, and when Roy critiqued her aim, she threw them both out of the bedroom.

Zatanna was sure they'd come to their senses, eventually. 

Unfortunately, their impending groveling was interrupted by a call from the rest of the team. Apparently, Wally, M'gann, Conner, Artemis, Garfield, Jason, Jaime, Donna and Virgil seemed to think that they needed Zatanna's boys to stop vile tentacle monsters (or a giant Medusa snake monster, if you took Wally's word for it) from taking over El Paso. 

So, Zatanna was stuck in bed, obviously dying, without any company or appropriately sorry boyfriends to fuss over her.

Basically, Saturday was even worse than Friday had been. 

Thank god she still had some NyQuil left.

~

Sunday afternoon arrived, and when Zatanna woke up, she had to admit that she'd possibly been wrong about the dying thing. 

Or she was secretly a zombie. 

Either way, she woke to something that smelled almost delicious, for the ten minutes that it took her stomach to decide that "delicious" meant "time to puke." 

While she was puking, Kaldur ran her a bath and put just the right amount of bubbles in for her. She complimented him on his fantastic boyfriend skills and he reminded her that, "I can feel your bubbles, as much as I can feel Wally's popcorn." 

Zatanna remembered that Kaldur had once said it felt like he was drowning in butter each time they had popcorn, thanks to his Atlantean physiology.  She made the mental note that he was owed a thorough kiss when she was no longer puking or sleeping half the day.

By the time she was done with her bath, Roy showed up with a glass of tea. "Herbal. Supposed to be good for stomach aches. You'll need it, once you try Dick's soup."  

The tea tasted like someone had dumped half a jar of red pepper flakes into it, and it made her cough, just trying to take a drink. But Roy also offered to massage her back, and the dull ache that came with nearly constant coughing for two days made her add him to the list of people who deserved to get kissed as soon as she was well. 

After Roy's massage came a nice nap, which was interrupted by the same smell that had made her puke earlier. This time, her stomach growled appreciatively - likely because the only thing she'd managed to eat in two days was applesauce and half a banana. Dick stood next to the bed, grinning and holding a bowl. "It's Alfred's recipe! I made a couple of changes, because we didn't have all the ingredients." 

Apparently, the