staring at the pair on the couch with something between concern and glee. Hunk nudged Pidge, who flashed him an irritated scowl without really tearing her attention away from her computer, and then glanced at Shiro. Shiro gestured at the couch with the hand that was mostly hidden from Keith’s line of sight and mouthed “what the hell?” Hunk just shrugged and shook his head.

They stared at each other for another minute before Shiro decided he was too tired to care and probably hallucinating. He could deal with this tomorrow. Or never. Never might be a better option. Turning towards the monitor, he tried to lose himself in whatever the Alteans considered programming in the hopes that he could just fall asleep before his brain shorted out.

Twenty minutes later he was forced to admit defeat, because what the Alteans considered a cinematic masterpiece obviously didn’t align with the experiences of Earthlings. Despite his effort to pay attention, the weird montages and fading effects and the almost shockingly casual violence imposed with something that might have been some sort of morality message had him both more tired and more wired than he’d been when they started. There may also have been a two-headed sloth-thing eating something he wasn’t going to think about for way longer than was strictly necessary, but that may have been delirium starting to kick in. His new goal in life was to get close enough to Earth to hack Netflix and download everything.

Rubbing his eyes with his human hand, he glanced back around the room. Coran was avidly watching the “movie”, apparently oblivious to everything else that was happening. Pidge was still on her laptop, ignoring everyone with a focus that was almost inhuman, and Shiro made a mental note to make sure that she made it to bed tonight before she collapsed. Keith and Lance were still doing whatever they were doing. Keith had somehow managed to fall asleep, which was impressive because he’d been at least looking in the direction of the monitor the last time Shiro had glanced at them and the movie wasn’t exactly conducive to sleep. The position also didn’t look random, he decided, but like they’d fallen asleep together on the couch before and had worked out how to fit in the narrow space. It was actually kind of sweet, in an entirely unexpected sort of way.

Hunk was looking back at the couch, a fond smile on his face. Shiro decided he couldn’t let it go anymore, because this was so much more interesting than the movie and he deserved entertainment, damn it.  “So, Hunk.”  Hunk jumped and cast a quick glance at Coran before jerking his attention back to Shiro. Shiro felt his lips twitch as he tried not to laugh, because Hunk looked almost guilty. “Did I miss something?”

“Um.” Hunk cleared his throat, looked away, and looked back again. “Yes. Maybe? Honestly, I have no idea.” He glanced back at the couch and frowned. “Okay, yes, I think, but I’m not sure what because Lance sucks at keeping secrets and this one is news to me.”

That was true. Still, Hunk’s expression was morphing from fond to confused to vaguely hurt and Shiro thought he should do something. “Maybe it’s not what it looks like?”

They both stared some more, but the two boys on the couch refused to look like they were doing anything but cuddling.  “Okay, no. Maybe we should have checked Keith for a concussion. His eyes were looking kind of glazed.” 

“Well, he was mostly upright.” Hunk shook his head. “Maybe they’re awake and messing with us.”

Shiro squinted in their direction and leaned over the arm of the chair. “Keith.” Hunk snorted a laugh that he just managed to cover with his hand when Coran made a shushing gesture. “KEITH.” The stage whisper was loud enough to get a glare. 

His only response was a sleepy but somehow still irritated sound from Keith, who turned his head away and wrapped the hand that wasn’t on Lance’s head around the other boy’s bicep. Lance shifted in response to tangle one of his legs between Keith’s and snuggle closer. It was adorable.  He kind of wished he had a camera. Hunk must have had the same thought, because they turned to Pidge in unison.

When Pidge continued to ignore them, Hunk poked her in the arm. She finally glanced up in irritation. “What?”

“Do you have your phone?”

“What? Yes, of course I have my phone. Why- Oh.” The sentence cut off as she followed the direction of Hunk and Shiro’s gazes. “Oh my god, that’s blackmail material for all eternity.”

Hunk let out a low cackle and tossed Shiro the phone because he had a better angle. Shiro smiled and snapped a picture with a low flash. Neither one of them even twitched, so definitely not awake.

He tossed the phone back to Hunk, who held it over Pidge’s head. “You totally owe me 20 bucks