inch of his chilly skin for your eyes to admire. You took a moment of selfishness to run your hands up and down his defined chest and abdomen, sating at least a little bit of the yearning accumulated over his absence; and he chuckled good-heartedly at you, opening his arms and giving you full access to whatever you felt like touching of him.

 

“It seems that my nonattendance had quite an influence over you. You look so… Frustrated and willing tonight, my dearest.”

 

Your reply to his playful remark was silencing him with a kiss, slow and untainted at first, but it gradually became more impassioned as he went along with your craving, brushing his lips against yours. His tongue grazed over your bottom lip, and you parted your mouth to accept him and explore the familiar territory in exchange. The hot appendage swirled and danced with yours as you sighed into the kiss, roaming your hands back up to his shoulder blades, where your thumbs rubbed soothing circles over his tensed muscles, feeling them twitch and relax under your tender ministrations.

 

When you no longer could feel the knots of tautness loading his upper half, you moved your caring touch down his arms, sliding the shirt off of his body, while still tasting the exquisite mix of flavors in his mouth that you could only define as peculiar to him, its components infrangible. He grasped at the sides of your hips, his mouth leaving yours to place gentle kisses along your jaw line, until he trapped your earlobe between the rows of his white teeth.

 


“(Name)…”



 


The closeness of his hoarse, piercing voice and the urgency with which he called your name almost made you come on the spot, albeit still fully clothed and not thoroughly touched. He wanted you. He needed you; and, suavely, he cupped the lower portion of your buttocks between his fingers, pressing you closer to him, so you could feel the effects your foreplay had on him, materialized as a strained hard-on poking your nether half. Your eyelids fluttered shut and you sunk your chin into his right shoulder, your fingers working to unzip his trousers much more patiently than you could’ve predicted.

 

That scene had been replayed in your mind more times than you could keep track of, but the real sensations were more thrilling than those your brain could emulate. He kicked off his undone pants and shoes, brushed the rim of the robe out of his way, hooked one of your legs around his hip and, in one fluid motion, snaked a hand to your core from the outer side of your thigh, rubbing your slit through your panties. And this time, you couldn’t prevent a moan from rolling out of your tongue, or resist to leaning your body into his as your standing leg proved to be too wobbly to hold you on its own.

 

He smiled against your skin when your hips bucked towards his hand, breath quickened in spite of his undisturbed exterior. Your fingers ghosted over the waistband of his underwear and he bit your neck approvingly as you pushed it down his legs, assuming it would have the same destination of his other pieces of clothing: get discarded on a corner of the bathroom.

 

Your legs quivered dangerously with the continuous stimulation of his digits on your swollen clit; panties soaked with your own arousal. Muffled moans against his shoulder and the hands clawing at his back demonstrated you wouldn’t be able to stand that treatment for too long – not that it seemed to be one of those days in which he had his mind set on prohibiting you from coming until he said so. However, rising against your deepest desires with your every fiber, you rested your hands on his chest, both feet back on the ground, and pushed him away gently, reopening your eyes and nodding at the bathtub.

 

You had promised you would take care of him, after all, and that’s exactly what you were going to do.

 

For a moment, the Alpha’s expression was unreadable, perhaps a merge of divergence and lust, but he did as you wished, his erection standing to full attention between his legs. He released his grip on your flesh, stepped into the heated water and sunk down the balsamic stir until only his arms, half of his chest and head were able to be seen outside the fragrant bubbles.

 

You bent your knees to sit outside the bathtub, where he formerly was, but he tutted at you, reaching for one of your wrists with gentleness. “Show me this astounding form of yours and join me. What kind of heartless lover would I be to let you stand out there in the cold while I enjoy such a relaxing activity?”

 

“But, my Alpha…”

 

“It is not the same without you.” He assured comfortingly, guiding your pulse to his lips, to pepper your flushed skin with the faintest of kisses. Your thumping heart increased its tempo, the blood flow running down your veins throbbing against the tip of his tongue, which had slid out of his mouth to leave a path of wetness on your sensitive complexion.

 


“I am begging you, my moonlight…”


 

A stunned huff evaded your lungs; he had never begged before