it at the wall and stands up to get dressed. Her suitcase is still sitting on a chair by the door, open but unpacked because she had been too keen on washing away the stench of factory earlier to bother. She pulls out an extremely warm, extremely soft sweater a few sizes too large for her petite frame. After squirming her way into it, she's already feeling much better. Despite its size, the fabric clings to her damp skin and hugs her like the arms of the sweater's owner. Blake's unique fragrance masks out even the generic soap scent clinging to her. Next, she pulls her long hair out of the collar, gathers and tosses it messily over one shoulder. Her fingers barely poke out of the sleeve cuffs and she shivers involuntarily at the waves of contentment these simple comforts bring her.

Pulling one more item from her suitcase, Weiss moves back to the bed to sit back cross-legged against the pillows. Her fingers smooth over the glassy surface of a picture frame, three happy faces smiling out at her. Beside her in the photo, Blake cradles a two-year-old Silvia with hair as white as fresh snow. Weiss's fingertips move to the round face with cheeks rosy red in the winter chill of that day. Honey-gold eyes peek out from beneath a knit cap; the silvery tip of a feline tail can just be seen amidst the layers of protective winter clothing. Small, delicate lips are pursed into a delighted smile aimed beyond the camera, where Yang had been making faces to get us to laugh while Ruby took the picture. Blake's smile looks easy and natural, but Weiss doesn't recognize her own. She tries to imitate it, only for the expression to feel unnatural. Like a lie.

Her eyes go back to Silvia's face and stay there for a long while. Eventually, her lips manage to loosen into a more tentative smile, still subdued but no longer forced.




~9:45 PM - Two Days Before Defendence~


Blake's parted lips close after a difficult pause. She kneels down to lift Silvia into her arms and carries her daughter back to the room at the end of the hall.

"Honey, White Mommy can't come home this time, either."

When it looks like Silvia is going to burst into tears, Blake sits on the edge of the bed and runs her fingers through her daughter's hair. A pang goes through her heart at just how much it looks and feels like Weiss's hair. Blake resolves to do it up in a nice side-tail for her tomorrow.

"Hey, no crying while White Mommy is away, remember? She's being really brave out there, helping out all sorts of people. We need to stay strong for her."

"Like the Three Huntsmen?"

Blake chuckles. "Yes, just like the Three Huntsmen."

"Will you read the story to me again?" Silvia's eyes glisten like pools of warm honey, her disappointment momentarily forgotten. It's enough for now.

"Of course, my little snow angel."

Blake pecks her on the forehead and gets up to retrieve the picture book from a shelf. The Three Huntsmen is a classic among classics in Vale, a purportedly true story that inspired the holiday and Silvia's preferred bedtime story year-round. It'll be surprising if she doesn't end up at Beacon, one day.

Settling back onto the bed next to her daughter with the book open in her lap, Blake gazes down at Silvia for a moment before starting. The young girl's hair, already grown quite long, fans out over the pillows like rivulets of icy water. Despite being up past her bedtime, she forces her heavy eyelids open so she can follow along with the story. The pictures are beautiful hand-paintings, the volume an ancient first edition that Blake had picked up through her work as a historian.

"Long ago, there was a village deep in the Emerald Forest. The people there were plagued by horrible beasts - the Grimm."

A flourishing village surrounded by vibrant greens fills the first page. When Blake turns to the next two pages, a stylized depiction of a Grimm practically leaps out.

"The villagers were very afraid. They loved their home and didn't want to leave, but they also couldn't fight back..."

The next page shows a horde of Grimm beasts surrounding a small group of villagers holding crude weapons. Silvia's eyebrows crease in sympathy even though she knows how the story goes by heart.

"The beasts cut off their trade routes and terrorized their children at night. As a harsh winter fell, they started to grow desperate."

The next panel shows the village covered in show, the bright greens now absent. Dark, shadowy shapes crouch under the trees menacingly, their eyes glowing red.

"Just when the villagers gave up hope, three strangers appeared. With flashing weapons, they slew the horrible Grimm with ease and shared their supplies with the villagers."

Blake turns the page again to show three figures in long traveling