over to Liam and gathers him in his arms, “I’ll do it. If you want to. It’s not a big deal.”

“It is a big deal,” Liam replies.

“Babes, it’s just a stupid sex thing,” Harry says back, “Come on lay back and I’ll get myself off.”

“That’s it?” Liam asks.

“Do you want more?” Harry asks back.

“I don’t know. Yes? I just don’t want you to get off then do it,” Liam answers.

“We can do whatever you want,” Harry says, “It’s not like we haven’t pulled each other before.”

Liam sighs. It’s true. All the boys at one time or another have slept with each other. It had started as way to relieve themselves while in the X-Factor house.

“We’ll go slow. Just like the first time,” Harry says moving over and giving Liam a kiss. It’s slow and when they part Liam is chasing after Harry’s lips.

Liam pouts when Harry pushes him away. Harry gives him a smile as he pushes Liam to lay on the bed.

“My laptop,” Liam says and moves over it. The movie now forgotten is still playing, so Liam turns it off then closes his laptop and places it on the floor, “Don’t step on it.”

“I won’t,” Harry says. He’s gotten his shirt off and his pants are unbuttoned.

“You’ve undressed already,” Liam comments.

“Couldn’t wait,” Harry replies.

Liam grabs at Harry and pulls him to onto his body. They kiss again. This time with more need. Harry’s hands are wandering off Liam’s body. One ends up in Liam’s hair tugging it and making Liam moan.

“You’ve got too many clothes on,” Harry says when they pull apart to breathe. He tugs at Liam’s top and Liam moves so that it can be taken off.

Harry moves to kiss and lick at Liam’s chest. He knows that Liam’s got a thing for having people playing with his nipples, so he moves to lick at one while rubbing the other. Harry isn’t disappointed when Liam lets out a loud groan.

“Not going to last,” Liam whines while Harry plays with him.

Harry quickly stops what he’s doing and moves down Liam to get at his joggers. He pushes them down and Liam’s hard dick is freed. The cool air that hits his dick makes his hiss.

“No pants?” Harry asks.

Liam blushes but has a smile, “The less clothes the better.”

Harry gives him a smile back. He gets his jeans off and his pants as well before he moves back to lay over Liam.

Liam takes Harry in his arms and kisses his jaw. He gives a small bite as he moves his way to Harry’s mouth and when they contact again it’s all tongue and teeth. Harry dominates the kiss and when he’s ready he pulls away from Liam to grab the lube and condom from Liam’s bag.

“Where do you keep it?” Harry says as he’s going through Liam’s bag. He’s throwing clothes every where.

“Top pocket,” Liam replies.

Harry shouts in success when he locates what he needs. He makes his way back over to the bed and lays the out what in his hands by Liam’s head.

Liam’s getting impatient, so when Harry’s moving over him he grabs him and pushes him to lay on the bed. He straddles Harry and moves to kiss and bite at him. Harry is stunned for a moment and lets Liam do what he wants.

Harry has his hands on Liam’s hips and when Liam moves to kiss him on the lips he gets his chance again to on top. He pushes Liam over and grabs his hands when Liam tries to fight him.

“Calm down...we’ve got all night,” Harry says.

Liam huffs and Harry moves their hands to lay on the bed next to Liam’s head. He pushes at Liam’s hands so he knows to keep them there before he lets go and grabs the lube from it’s spot.

“Ready for me?” Harry asks as he pours the lube all over his fingers.

“Yes,” Liam whines.

Harry kisses him again and moves his lube covered fingers down to tease at Liam’s hole. He gets it wet before he pushes in the first finger. Liam hisses when Harry’s finger goes in.

“Breathe,” Harry reminds him.

Liam tries and when the finger is all the way in Harry lets him have a few moments to get use to it.

“B-been a while,” Liam comments.

“I know,” Harry replies, “You’re always too tired after shows. Always going right to bed after.” He pushes his finger in to get Liam to lose his breath.