to be rid the eggs," she smiled. "While they are inside of you though, there will be times when you get urges that need to be...satisfied. You can come see me for help managing them, or you could figure it out on your own. The last thing you need to know is that when the times comes for you to be rid of the eggs, don't be concerned if you feel... strange," she stretched out the last word.

"That's all then?" I asked trying to ignore the fact my face felt hot from the suggestion of her offering me her sensual services so casually.

"Yes; unless you have any questions."

I stood up, "No I'm fine thank you."

I got up and quickly left Eviania's room.

"Brother..." Lilly murmured, still sitting on the couch.

I decided I needed some time to myself and headed back to my room.

 

The bath felt amazing and it was nice to clean off everything from today. As I relaxed in the bathing pool I reflected on what had happened to me today. To my surprise recalling it excited me, a lot. I wondered what kind of prince I was if that is what got me off. I couldn't help it though. I really did enjoy it even if at first it had been unwanted. Thinking of the drider’s abdomen slapping against my ass as she plunged her huge member into my inviting hole aroused me greatly. I felt a sudden irresistible urge to use something on myself.

Even though I knew no one was with me in my personal bathing room, I looked around to make sure no one was there. I slid my hand down between my butocks and began to rub the exteriour of my new found pleasure zone. I let a moan escape my lips and then plunged my finger inside. I was flustered at the realization that I was still  loose and one finger wouldn't be enough to satisfy my desire.

I added another, then a third. I moved my fingers in and out rapidly then began stroking myself with my other hand. The feeling of penetrating myself with my fingers and stroking my cock at the same time was amazing. A thought crossed my mind and I wondered why I had never experimented with myself like this before. I really had been missing out.

I was very excited by this new found pleasure and wanted to explore it more. I didn't feel like I would be able to make myself cum like this unfortunately. However, it was extremely pleasureable and I couldn't stop myself even if I had wanted to. I was so enthralled with fingering and stroking myself I didn’t hear the footsteps approaching the door.

I heard the doorknob turn and I froze up. I hadn't heard anyone come into my room.What would they be doing here without announcing themselves anyway? Perhaps they did and I didn’t hear them because I was so distracted. I reluctantly let go of my shaft, but slowly kept moving my fingers in and out of myself. I turned my head to look over my shoulder and see who was coming into my personal bathing room unannounced.

The door quickly opened and Lilly stepped into the room, closing the door behind herself. She had somewhat fixed her hair and was now wearing a unadorned plain blue summer dress that matched her eyes.

I turned away from her and kept moving my fingers. I tried to move them as little as possible, hoping she wouldn't notice anything.

"Right now isn't a good time," I said.

I could hear her shoes clack on the floor behind me as she walked closer. "I-I got something from Eviania."

I heard her moving around and doing something, but I was determined not to turn around. I hoped that by giving her the cold shoulder she would leave...also I didn't want to look at her while I pleasured myself

"I thought it could help you," she paused momentarily. "Especially right now."

Out of the corner of my eye I saw her legs slide into the water next to me and then she lowered herself into the water. I stopped what I was doing and looked over at her.

"What are you doing?" I said without reserve.

I noticed there was something around her waist, but otherwise she seemed naked. I couldn't quite make it out in the water as she slid off the sitting ledge into the standing area. She maneuvered herself in front of me and grabbed my free hand and placed it on something in the water.

I had no idea what it was.

"You want it don't you?"

"I have no idea what this is," I replied truthfully.

She moved closer to me and my hand slid further down whatever it was...it was long, thick, and fleshy. I moved my hand back to the tip and squeezed it realizing it was phallic in shape, it felt so real. 

Lilly let out a squeal. “Don’t be too rough with it! It makes me feel everything you know.”

I ran my hand