How did I not realise this. It’s been a month! Mr Hot Grumpy Bottle Caps is Derek Hale, the brother.” She shook her head at no one in particular.

“Mr Hot Grumpy Bottle Caps?” Laura looked from Erica to Derek, raising an eyebrow. Derek just shrugged, took a swig of his beer, and continued his conversation with his sister.

“I’ve actually stopped reading and listening to your messages as well.” Laura took the beer right from his hand and finished it off.

“Oh God forbid your sister, your TWIN sister, wants to meet your girlfriend!” Angrily stabbing her brother in the chest with her finger.

Erica glanced from the siblings to Mr Curly Fries, who seemed to be shrivelling in his seat. He was doing what seemed to be a pretty bad job of trying to ignore the discussion happening two seats down from him. ‘Oh’, thought Erica.

She opened the fridge and grabbed another beer. She popped the cap and passed both bottle and bottle cap to Derek, giving him what she hoped was a sympathetic smile.

From what Erica remembered Laura had told her, Derek was a pretty private and solitary guy. A research librarian by trade, if she remembered correctly. Well, that explained the books. Speaking of which, Derek had picked up his book and attempted to open it up again. Laura was having none of that. She slapped her hand down on said book, slamming it to the counter.

“Der, I know we are werewolves, but you’ve always taken the idea of the Lone Wolf a little too seriously, I’m just super happy and excited you’ve found someone. Is that wrong?” Derek scowled, looking up at his sister who was currently giving him serious pouty face. Derek slammed his beer down on the counter. It bubbled up and over.

“Just because I’m not a carbon copy of you and happen to enjoy being introverted doesn’t mean it’s due to some archaic stereotype!”

It was at about this time that Erica noticed Cutie Moles was twitching. At first she figured it was for the obvious reason. She was 99.9% sure he was Derek’s secret boyfriend. But he no longer seemed concerned with the argument that was escalating two seats over. His eyes kept flittering from his computer to the bottle cap still at Derek’s side.

“Oh here we go”, Laura rolled her eyes, “Go on! Start quoting your thesis again!”

Derek rose from his stool, both palms on the bar top leaning even closer in his sister’s face.

“God damn right I’ll quote my thesis! You know how harmful these myths and stereotypes are! You’ve lived the results of being stereotyped! Our god damn house was burnt to the ground due to these stupid werewolf myths and yet you want to judge people and entire races based on them!”

Mr Twitchy’s hand had slowly started to reach out along the bar in the bottle caps direction.

“For god’s sake, Der! Is this about the Dragon thing the other day?! I was quoting Trump!”

Derek stilled, looking like a confused puppy, “What?”

Laura sighed dramatically (which Erica now recognised as an apparent family trait) and placed a soothing hand to the side of Derek’s face.

“You stupid brother, I was quoting Trump. You walked in on me discussing his stupid ban on Dragon Immigrants into this country. Did you really think I agreed with that stupid Oompa Loompa?” She dropped her hand, and turned to get herself a beer.

With that, there was a thump and some wild flailing as Twitchy Twitchy fell off his bar stool.

Erica and Laura bent over the bar, only to see a mole speckled guy on the floor, who had some how cushioned the fall of his laptop his headphones had dragged along with him, with his legs. He looked up at the women’s faces peering down on him and then to Derek who was now crouching down beside him. He blinked his Bambi eyes at all three of them. Blush rose up his pale skin as he held out his open hand to Derek.

“Um. I got it.” In his palm was the bottle cap. His blush brightened even further.

Derek just chuckled, smiled the brightest smile Erica had ever seen and helped Bambi and his things off the floor. He settled him back on his stool and helped him adjust everything back in order and then tapped on his hand. Moles beamed back at Derek and carefully placed the bottle cap in his pocket.

Derek turned to his sister, who was staring blankly at a red hoodie pocket.

“Laura, I’d like you to meet Stiles. My boyfriend.” Laura blinked from Stiles’ pocket, up to his face, and then to Derek.

“OMG THE BOTTLE CAPS!” Erica exclaimed. All three heads turned in her direction.

“Oh no”, she waggled her finger in everyone’s direction. “Don’t take this away from me. This has been driving me crazy for a month!”

She took her