his being that they come full-circle into truth. 

Somewhere in the TARDIS, there is a room. 

It’s a room in which reality is optional, but then, so is causality there, and the texture of one is very much thinner in the absence of the other.

It’s a console room, dimly lit as his own but darker, greener, cavernous like the interior of a drum, subterranean yet sweeping; pulsing, as the current version does at times, more with shadow than with light. 

It even smells subterranean, like cold, buried rock and seeping groundwater and dripping minerals, fossilised seas and the tinned air interior to a submarine. It echoes like one, too.

Pinprick lamps barely illuminate the curved walls, marking out their boundaries until perspective goes funny and they disappear far above into what might be the ceiling, what might be empty space. At the very centre, however, the time rotor glows more brightly than it ever does outside of memory, seeming to breathe. It should be blinding to look at, but out of modesty or consideration, it keeps its light contained.

Between the forbidding walls and the warm mirage of the console, a languid spiral stair. Two figures chase each other along it, laughing.

Their shoes clang against metal and their skirts swish by near the level of the Doctor’s head.


You shouldn’t like her so much; don’t you remember what she did to you, when she was the last one?


The answering voice speaks in concepts, not in words. Don’t you remember what we have been together?

But he doesn’t, can’t see into the past she’s referencing; and the tense she uses, the one into which he translates her thought, is one he only knows from school, learned for theory and to describe the hypotheticals derived from time equations.


Oh, don’t mind him, he’s always been rubbish at the temporal conditionals. Race you to the top!


Clang, clang, clatter, and then the footsteps disappear into the distance overhead. The Doctor sweeps back his coattails and sits on the edge of the console platform, waiting. After a pause, the laughter, one voice girlish and the other more feline, can be heard again, descending at high speed. But no footsteps.

He looks up, bemused, just in time to see Missy and Idris sliding sidesaddle down the banister, around and around the outside edge of the grand staircase, until they come shooting off the end of it and tumble in a confused tangle of arms and legs and petticoats right into his lap. 

One of them kisses him, he isn’t sure which--there’s a lot of teeth and a lot of suction, but that doesn’t tell him anything; it could easily be either of them. Between being knocked over and being kissed, the Doctor is a bit breathless, but that’s all right. He doesn’t need a lot of air. 

“It’s good, isn’t it?” Missy’s smirking in a self-satisfied manner, and for a moment she isn’t Missy but a TARDIS memory of another Master, fevered creature beating out patterns on his hearts. The Doctor reaches out for the suddenly clenched fists, and the lights shift, and she’s Missy again, relaxing her fingers into his.

Was that incorrect? Idris asks. He was here; that timeline has been conserved.

“No, that was fine,” the Doctor assures her (assures them). He reaches for her hand, too. She’s just a hologram, but she’s much more than that, and in this room her body is as much a physical presence as the archived desktop theme and the console he doesn’t remember. 

Missy glances between them, cunning, eyes wide and full of calculations. The Doctor narrows his eyes at her with suspicion. “What?”

She smiles, biting her lip, and leans in to whisper to Idris, never taking her gaze from his features. He doesn’t know whether he feels like a mouse or prince. 

There’s a thrill to being both.

He could swear he hears a distant and thoughtful vworp-vworp as Idris listens, shooting sudden glances at him and studying him appraisingly. “Oh! Oh, yes, I do remember. You’ll be so pleased.”

“I was pleased, yes, very much so,” says Missy, smug, disentangling herself from them both and sitting back, hand still loosely intertwined with his.

Idris--his TARDIS, hard light representation of the human form it so briefly inhabited--lifts her petticoats and slides a leg over his hips to straddle him. He’d tell himself he doesn’t know where this is going, but this is Missy, and it’s pretty obvious, even to him, especially when Idris leans down over him and puts her hand between them. 

What he really doesn’t know is how Missy brought all this about in the first place. How Idris can be here, embodied again, how any