and then but he had a plan for the evening and would not be deterred. Reluctantly he turned and passed her over a glass of wine taking a large sip of his own for courage.
They spent the next hour munching their way through various sandwiches and tiny cakes. He had just poured her a second glass when he decided that now was the perfect moment.
“So I admit that I had a bit of an ulterior motive in planning all of this.”
“Why Commander are you planning to seduce me?”
He lowered his voice a little as he grasped her hand and pressed a kiss to her knuckles “Always but first I have something to say. Three years ago I thought that I had lost you, I saw Haven fall and covered with snow and knowing that I had had to leave you behind, it felt like my heart was crushed in my chest. This little elf woman, full of mischief and joy and compassion had somehow worked her way into my heart, the heart I thought long since incapable of feeling anything good. The thought that I had lost that before even trying to get to know her–you better was the biggest mistake in a lifetime of mistakes. Then I found you in the snow, battered and bruised and broken but alive. When I carried you back to the camp in my arms I vowed to myself to keep you safe always. Over time we spent more and more time together and those feelings I had for you had only deepened and by some miracle you felt the same. You brought me out of my shell and showed me that that it was possible to be good, that I could stop taking lyrium and that I could try and atone for the terrible things I had done. When we kissed for the first time it felt like a new beginning and when we danced together I felt lighter than I had in years. Then I lost you again at Adamant, the bridge collapsed and you were gone and it was as though my world had gone dark once more, I kept fighting onwards, trying to save as many as I could but all I could think was that you were gone. And then you appeared, once again beaten and battered and bruised but alive. When we made love it felt like I had known you forever and that I could drown in your embrace. The next morning I finally told you that I love you, the words that had been on the tip of my tongue almost since the moment we met. Then you healed the world. I have wanted to ask this for a long time but it always seemed like there was some new crisis to face but I have come to realise that that does not matter so long as we are together. So I suppose what I am trying to say, trying to ask is…Sarita Idrilla Lavellan, would you do me the great honour of marrying me?”
This last was barely out of his mouth before she pounced on him, her arms tightened around him as she pressed kisses along the column of his neck and his jaw.
“Yes, yes Cullen of course I will marry you!”
He burst into relieved laughter and pulled the ring from his pocket “I know that the exchanging of rings are not a custom of your people but they are of mine so…”
He took her delicate hand and slipped the small silverite ring with a small emerald and amethyst on her ring finger. Her eyes filled with emotion and she kissed him once again.
“I love you vhenan, all of this it is just perfect. I can’t wait to share my life with you. Emma lath. Ma vhenan.”
They fell upon each other then, greedy hands pulling at each others clothes. She easily pulled his shirt up over his head and straddled his waist kissing him long and deeply. He tried to unlace her bodice but quickly gave up and sliced the laces open with his dagger, the flickering lights playing across her nude body bathing her alabaster skin in soft light. She lay back and stretched out a long muscular leg, softly moving her foot over the rapidly growing bulge of his breeches. He practically ripped them off and spread himself out on top of her, caging her with his own body. He paused, running a finger over the swooping lines of her vallaslin and down to the plump curve of her mouth. She smiled softly, adoringly as the hand with the ring moved up and ran her fingers through his hair.
They made love on the furs, slowly unhurriedly knowing that they would have their whole lives together. Hands stroking and teasing caressing and worshipping. Mouths kissing and teasing and biting and licking, tasting the sweat of their skin, the sweetness left on their lips from the cakes and wine. She kicked out a leg as he ran a large callused hand over the curve of her breast and down into the apex of her thighs.  She shuddered a little in pleasure when he moved his fingers over the slit of her sex, gathering the moisture of arousal. He moved it and spread her slick over her own mouth before he kissed her deeply, tasting all of her and he groaned in excitement. He ground his erection into the soft flesh of her