Scorpius, he was utterly enthralled. The diminutive trio had him wrapped around their fingers. Hermione found it hilarious.

So that is how Draco found himself in a London suburb, dressed in his robes, knocking on Hermione's door. She raised an eyebrow at his choice of outfit to which he merely shrugged. "It's Halloween, I can."

Stepping inside he was immediately slammed into by twin tornadoes abuzz with excitement and anticipation. 

"Uncle Draco!" Cried the 7 year old Rose, colliding into him at the waist, her 5 year old brother wrapping around his knee.

Hugo's big round eyes looked up to Draco. "Uncle Draco, where's Scorp?"

Kneeling down to hug the pair properly he explained to them "Scorpius is with his mother and grandmother tonight. This year, he has to go to a Samhain ball," To which Draco scrunched his nose, "but next year he'll get to trick or treat with you."

"Hugo, you're silly, you know he's gotta spend tonight with Aunt 'Tori." Rose admonished, before Hermione interrupted the festivities. "Okay you two finish your supper, then I'll help you into your costumes." 

"Yes mummy!" The pair replied, almost in unison.

Hermione and Draco looked at each other looks of confusion on their faces. "Aunt 'Tori?" Draco asked.

Hermione was just confused. "I didn't even know they'd met Astoria... Wait... You don't think..." 

"Think what?"

Hermione doubled over laughing, before finally choking out "Ginny says Ron has a new woman he's seeing, but won't tell the family who it is, or let them meet her yet." 

Draco's eyes lit up, Then scowled. "I bet that's why Scorpius suddenly follows the Cannons!"

*******

The quartet walked down the neighborhood street, the 2 adults flanking the young Princess and Dinosaur (who was only slightly disappointed that Mummy had kept Uncle Draco from transfiguring his head into an actual T-Rex head). 

As the kids rushed up to the final front door Draco allowed his mind to wander. After they returned home, he would help with the evening baths, put the kids to bed, and then enjoy order in pizza and what Hermione swore up and down was her personal Halloween tradition, the viewing of a muggle movie "The Exorcist". Then he would go home, personally relieve a bit of pressure, and go to bed.

At least that was his plan. 

Then he heard Hugo scream, Rose yell, and looked up to see a short stocky man rushing towards a van, with Rose over his shoulder. 

He was moving before he knew it, had caught up to the man in less than seconds, and had immediately spun him around, his fist colliding into the other man's face like a cannonball into the side of the ship.

To Draco the world moved in slow motion. As the would be abductor fell Draco snatched Rose from his grip, and sent her running towards Hermione. 

Words flowed from his mouth before he could stop them, anger and fear overpowering him. 

The man tried to get up, clutching his ruined nose, only for Draco's foot to slam into his chest, pinning the man to the ground.

"You have the audacity to think I'll let you get away after you tried to kidnap a child? After you tried to kidnap one of MY children?!" Draco spat the words like venom at the foiled criminal, as another pair of parents approached, one of their number speaking into a cell phone. 

Turning his head Draco saw Hermione holding tightly to her cubs, the look on her face one of relief, rage, fear and confusion. 

***********

2 hours later after police were spoken to, and children were soothed, bathed and put to sleep, Draco sat in a small arm chair in Hermione's living room. Hermione was upstairs, checking on her children a final time, and he had just returned from surreptitiously checking on his own young Scorpious. 

He didn't realize she had entered the room until she gently sat herself in his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck, and laying her head in his shoulder.

"What are you doing?"

"Sitting down."

"No, I mean -"

She cut him off, with a small kiss to his throat.
"Draco, you just saved my daughter from who knows what fate, and declared both her and Hugo your children. I think I can sit in your lap if I want."

"I suppose."

She huffed, and moved to straddle him, her arms still around his neck. Instinctively he braced her hips with hands. She turned her coffee colored eyes to his grey blue.

"If i didn't know you were pants at it, I'd swear you were trying to use legilimancy on me." He teased.

She smiled. "I don't need to. I can see it." She pressed her forehead his.

"We've been partners in the DMLE for almost a decade. You were there