. That could have gone better.



 “You’re such a fucking loser, David!” Max said, dropping to the ground as he laughed loudly once again.



          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


 Preston melted into his seat at breakfast the next morning, thoroughly exhausted. He’d been so upset, all he could do was think about how much he wanted his Gram Gram to pick him up from this hellhole.



 “Not a good night, I take it?” Harrison asked, slipping into his usual seat beside him.



 “Being plunged into Dante’s Inferno would have caused me less strife,” he said, arm thrown over his eyes dramatically. “I’m filled with sorrow!”



 Harrison bit a carrot and then dropped the rest into his hat. “Wow, that sounds sucky.”



 “You’ve got no fucking idea,” Preston growled, sitting up straight to slam his fists on the table. “I spent all day yesterday in front of that curséd typewriter hoping the gods would grace me with a satchel of creativity! But the gods were cruel and heartless, Harrison. I got nothing done. I’m a charlatan!”



 “Oh, Preston, I’m sure you’re not!” Harrison reached for the hard bread roll on Preston’s tray and slipped a handkerchief over it. He pulled it back to reveal some advil. “Here you go.”



 And then, that fuckwad Maxwell told me my play was trash. Who does he think he is? He wouldn’t know good writing if it fucked him with Shakespeare’s rotting corpse penis.”



 “Wow, that’s really gross imagery,” Harrison said, cringing. 



 Preston made a noncommittal noise.



 “What kind of genre do you want for your play, Preston?” Harrison asked.



 “Something with romance! Tragedy! Excitement! Maybe a sword fight? Dragons.” Preston spread his arms, gesturing wildly. His long arms smacked a passing Nerris, making a pointed ear go flying into Nurf’s potatoes. “Betrayal, maybe an orgy of death!”



 “Okay, let’s… back up,” Harrison said, trying not to laugh as Nerris brandished her sword to keep an angry Nurf away. “Do you even have any experience with all of that stuff?”



 “Oh, you poor, poor Amish boy. Of course I do! I’ve read thousands and thousands of plays dating back to even before breathing was relevant.” Preston flipped his hair.



 The magician started shuffling his cards. “I meant more like, have you ever experienced those things personally? Have you had a romance? Have you lived through a tragedy? Maybe you’re feeling stunted because you don’t have anything to refer to besides what other people have written.”



 Preston blinked, and then leaned back in his seat. “Well, well, well. The Amish fool brings up a good point.”



 “I really don’t get why you keep saying I’m amish—”



 “If I need to force myself into a torrid romance, then by God’s name I will!” Preston rested a hand over his heart. “I’ll make Troilus and Cressida look like a goddamn Twilight fanfiction! But who should be the lucky lady?”



 “If you start hanging out with Nerris, I’m going to make myself disappear,” Harrison said sharply. “Anyone else can be fair game.”



Preston ran the girls in the camp through his head. It was a tragically short list. Ered probably wouldn’t show much of a reaction if someone held a gun to her head. She’d be a terrible reference. Nikki had the attention span of a squirrel and probably didn’t know what romance was.



 “The X chromosomes in this camp are incredibly disappointing,” Preston said with a gusty sigh. “Perhaps I should look into making this gay. Like Bare: a Pop Opera! It’ll appeal with the lusty young women demographic, that’s for sure.”



 Harrison leaned away, gloved hands raised. “I know I’m your close friend, Preston, but I’m not interested in you in that manner.”



 “Not you,” Preston said almost meanly. Dolph set his tray down across from Preston. “You may be a showman, but you aren’t an actor. I need someone who has no idea of this plan. I need someone who gives explosive reactions, someone who’s going to show the perfect level of inner conflict at the proposal of a homosexual bond with me!”



 Dolph grabbed his tray and went to go sit next to Space Kid.



 Harrison took a rabbit out of his hat. “So who’s that?”



 Preston buried his face in his hands. “Lord if I—”



 A packet of paper flew threw the air and smacked him in the side of his head. He yelped as he tipped off the bench and hit the floor.



 “Fuck you, you piece of dyslexic, ADHD shit!” Max raged as he stormed to stand over Preston. His eyes were bloodshot and the circles under his eyes were dark.  “I spent all