looking up at him, pulling his pants and boxers off in one fast motion.

"I wanna suck your cock daddy, can I?" Harry asks quietly, with a innocent tone that makes Louis groan under his breath.

Louis just nods, running his hand to Harry's hair and pulls the bun out, his hair dropping to his shoulders and framing his face beautifully, his pink cheeks and glossy eyes making it look like he's not about to suck a cock.

Harry shyly runs his tongue up Louis' thick cock, his tongue swirling and dipping into his slit, making Louis release a high pitched whimper. He sucks the tip into his mouth, making eye contact with Louis as he sucks on it, giving it little kitten licks occasionally.Harry looks so fucking innocent but has a fat cock in his mouth, and that makes him feel sexy and confident, making him take even more of his cock in, his confidence making him want to drive Louis wild.

He  hallows out his cheeks, taking every inch of Louis' cock down his throat, moaning every time it hits the back of it. The sounds of slurping and choking fill the room, Louis letting out whimpers and breathy moans.

Harry decides he wants Louis to fuck his mouth, and for the first time he voices what he wants out loud, usually keeping quiet and nodding at whatever Louis wants, just in case what he wants offends him.He pulls the cock out of his mouth with a soft pop, looking up at Louis as he strokes his cock, his voice coming out raspy and deep when he finally speaks."Fuck my mouth, please, daddy?"

Louis moans loudly at the thought, nodding his head fast and sitting up more, gently gripping Harry's hair, watching as he obeidiently opens his mouth. He runs his cock along those pink plump and bruised lips, biting his lip when Harry licks at the tip, whining for it to enter his mouth. He looks desperate and so sexy, it makes Louis sweat.

He slides his cock inside those pretty pink lips, closing his eyes as he starts his slow thrusting, not wanting to hurt Harry. He thrusts his whole cock in, hitting the back of his throat, feeling Harry let out a moan, the viberations making Louis tighten his hold on Harry's hair.

Harry lets out a loud moan at this, his hair always being his weak spot. This makes Louis thrust faster, making Harry drool, his eyes rolling in the back of his head as he takes the cock down his throat, digging his nails hair into Louis' thick thighs.

Louis quickly pulls his cock out of Harry's mouth, close to cumming but not wanting to unless it's in Harry's ass. Harry whines, chasing it with his mouth and whimpers when Louis pulls him to his feet. "Hands and knees on the bed, princess."

Harry follows the command quickly, too horny to think for himself, wanting to be filled by his husband's fat cock already. But that's not what he gets.

He feels a wet tongue lick at his hole, making him moan loudly in surprise, gripping the sheets as he bites his lip, getting lost in the feeling of Louis eating his ass like he's starving, not even teasing, just getting right to it.

Louis grips and spanks at his ass as he eats it, pulling his tongue in and out of his hole and biting and sucking at his rim, smirking at how loud Harry is being. He slips a finger in besides his tongue, using saliva as lube, thrusting his tongue and finger at the same pace, feeling Harry shaking, grinding his ass back against his face.

He pushes in a second finger once Harry gets louder, grinding quickly against his wet tongue and fingers, moaning out his husband's name in pleasure as he gets stretched with just saliva, the burn making it feel even better, the feel of the silk panties pushed to the side making him blush when he remembers he has them on.

Suddenly he feels the loss of his tongue and fingers, whining loudly, his asshole clenching around nothing. He wants to be fucked until he can't breathe, until he's screaming in pleasure. He wants to be wrecked."Fuck me until I scream, please daddy." 

Louis raises his eyebrow in surprise, Harry usually wanting it slow and lovingly. "Are you sure, baby?"

"YES." Harry yells, blushing when he realizes what he did. He can't even think straight. " Sorry." He whimpers out quietly.

Louis laughs, slapping both his ass cheeks with both hands, spreading them apart and runs his dick along his wet hole that slick with a lot of spit, the tip catching on the rim, making Harry whine for it, begging for it. "Please daddy, please, give me your big cock, please I need- OH!"

Harry moans loudly as his hole is stretched by a fat cock, his mouth falling open from the pain, making him shiver. It feels so good to feel the burn, he knows he