of notes through the entire class.

“I can’t believe this is happening,” she whispers and rests her head in her hands. Mikasa lets her sit there in peace.

Being a concerned semi-friend, Mikasa walks Krista to the library when she’s emotionally ready for it. Her shift doesn’t start for another half hour, but she might as well wallow in self misery there rather than where Annie can see and make various I-told-you-so faces.

“You’re lucky you have Annie,” she says.

“We broke up,” Mikasa reminds her.

“Sure you did,” Krista mumbles.

Mikasa leaves and Krista is alone, staring at the library the way man stares into an abyss, and she wonders if she should take up Nietzsche.

--

Today, it’s lesbian erotica.

“I don’t have an excuse for this one,” 2554 admits, handing over a copy of Brianna: A Virgin Lesbian Sex Tale. “It was very unrealistic. I’m kind of disappointed.”

Krista blinks at it for a few moments, agape and probably resembling a startled fish. “Is it damaged in any way?” she forces out weakly.

2554, for the first time in probably her entire life, finds it in her to look somewhat embarrassed. “Well, there was this one scene that wasn’t, you know, quite so bad, and I may have ripped it out. For science reasons.”

While she’s blushing, 2554’s freckles stand out even more against her usually dark skin, and Krista hears a small part of her brain whispering that God is dead.

“Where do these books keep coming from?” Krista asks, her voice desperate.

The patron taps her fingers against the counter. “I mostly get them in the morning. I’m a fast reader, anyway, so by the time I’m done with them it’s usually your shift, and you’re easily flustered.” She winks, now, the blush still on her cheeks. “It’s cute.”

Most of the other librarians are over the age of forty, so Krista knows it isn’t exactly a great accomplishment that she’s the one being seeked out. Still, she feels her own face begin to flush. “You’re unusually destructive with your books,” she says, ignoring the backhanded compliment.

“That isn’t a question,” 2554 observes.

“No,” Krista answers. “It’s not.”

When 2554 leaves, Krista jumps up from her seat. She checks to make sure no one is in the library and she turns the “open” sign to “closed.” Then, she takes a deep breath, and she walks to the Adult room.

It’s no different in there from the rest of the library, despite her fears. Most of the books look like trashy harlequin novels, but then again, so do the Young Adult books. She walks quietly and cautiously to the back shelf of the room, and stares at the plaque above it: Gay/Lesbian Erotica.

Her eyes scan through the books for something that seems at least relatively classy, but she comes up dry. She closes her eyes and gives herself a pep talk. After opening them, she goes through the shelf again, and ignores her better judgement as she leans to pick up Sometimes She Lets Me: Best Butch Femme Erotica.

The anthology trembles in her hands as she turns it around to read the back. Mostly, she skims, until she comes to a line that makes her heart stop in her chest. “In Joy Parks's delicious Sweet Thing, the new femme librarian in town shows a butch baker a new trick in bed.” The book slides from her hands and she stares blankly at where it used to be.

“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” she whispers as she bends down to pick the novel up. Her heart starts up again, at double normal rate, and she opens to the table of contents. She finds the page Sweet Thing, dogears it, and takes it back with her.

--

“God is dead and we killed him,” Krista announces as she swings the door open to her room. Vaguely disappointed by the lack of response to her uncharacteristic melodramatics, she frowns and turns the light on. Annie’s passed out on her bed, mysteriously devoid of all clothing, with Mikasa wrapped around her.

“Turn that back off,” Annie mutters, pulling the sheets up past everything that needs to be covered. Mikasa hums in agreement and buries her face in the tangled mess that is Annie’s hair outside of a bun.

“It’s six o’clock,” Krista complains, but she does what they say. Annie flips her off and she leaves the room.

Krista doesn’t know what to do with herself. She feels the way a person must feel after running over a baby with a steamroller, and she was counting on Annie to listen to her and tell her that she’s fucked up. There’s no way she