thought of asking Sam for help is almost worse. He bangs his head back against Baby’s shiny exterior and sighs. Maybe he should just pray again. Pretty sure Cas heard him last time. He came back fast enough.


~~~


Castiel is just about to go in search of Dean when he detects the first murmurs of a prayer from just the man he was about to try and find. Is Dean in need of assistance? He is fairly sure Dean is still in the bunker but maybe he found a case and neglected to tell Castiel he was leaving. He sinks back down on the soft mattress to listen.


Hey Cas. Got your ears on? It’s me again.


A tiny smile graces Castiel’s face before he realizes it. Dean has never begun a prayer like your average human. No, 'Dear Castiel' or 'Angel, hear my prayer' are far too mundane for Dean Winchester.


Um, I’m not sure what to say. I guess you probably think I’ve been avoiding you, and you’d be right. I don’t even know for sure if you heard me last time, but I’m thinking you did. You sure high-tailed it back here and I figured you’d be gone until your car turned up. Seems like this is a good alternative to trying to get this out face to face. I wonder if you’re actually listening.


Castiel swings his legs up onto the bed and rests his head back against the wall. He wishes there was a way to let Dean know he hears him, but maybe it’s better this way. Apparently Dean has something he needs to get off his chest; may as well be comfortable.


~~~


The pan has finished draining. Time to get a new filter and grab fresh oil, but Dean feels like he’s started something with this prayer business and he can’t just leave it unfinished. If Cas is listening, he’ll wonder what happened. Nope, he needs to get this out now before he loses his damn nerve.


So, I said before that we’ve been dancing around this thing between us, this bond or whatever. I know that sexual orientation means nothing to angels but I’m straight, or I always thought I was. Hell, I’m not even sure that’s true anymore. Thinking back, maybe there were always a few guys I noticed in a not so friend-like way.


Dean runs his hand through his hair, noticing some oil must’ve dripped in it when he was under the Impala. He wonders if Cas really needs to know all this past stuff. Guess it goes a long way towards explaining things though. Yeah, he figures he better keep going.


My Dad was the kinda guy who looked down on that stuff, ya know; called them ‘faggots’ or ‘cock suckers’. Not exactly someone who would be proud of a son that liked men. I suppose it all comes back to that. Everything does. It was always about pleasing Dad and keeping Sammy safe.


~~~


Castiel sighs. He never met John Winchester but he certainly knows of the man. Dean and Sam seldom talk about him, but Castiel knows they have mixed emotions. He loved his sons, certainly, and they loved him, but growing up in his shadow couldn’t have been an easy life. From what he’s been told, John was so bent on revenge for his wife’s death that his sons were never his first priority. He was a hard man, grizzled by the tragedy life threw at him when his sons were basically babies. His expectations were high and his praise hard-earned. In the end though, he died to save Dean, so maybe he wouldn’t have been as unsupportive as his son thought.

He closes his eyes and waits for Dean to continue.


~~~


Dean’s on a roll now.


So now Dad’s long gone and I don’t know what my problem is. Maybe it’s just so ingrained in me now, you know, his black and white way of looking at the world; but I like to think I’m different, more in tune with my feelings. Yeah, this is where Sammy would laugh his head off. Me? Feelings? But hell, just because I don’t like to ramble on about them like Samantha, it doesn’t mean I don’t have them.


 It comes down to this, Cas. I care about you. More than just as a best friend, I guess. Ugh, that sounds so middle school. I’m not sure if you feel the same, but I kinda think you do. I’ve seen the way you look at me when you’re right up in my personal space. You make it so I can’t breathe sometimes and I want to know what would happen if I just leaned in and… Fuck! Why does this have to be so hard? What’s the big deal? If you were a chick, I