that she too had become inexplicably comfortable with him too. She searched deep into him as he searched into her but not a single secret was revealed. The pair just accepted that in that moment, they’d connected, flowing together like two converging rivers as their bodies seemed to meniscus to the music. After a short while the music created a magnetism, drawing them even closer to each other until finally their lips met, pressing together in a romantic kiss.

Suddenly, she pulled away, looking embarrassed and ashamed with herself, leaving Spencer confused and partly ashamed himself. He had no idea what he was doing or why he kissed her, he just knew that deep down he wanted to do it again.

“I… I’m sorry, I… I shouldn’t have.” She stuttered, looking down at their hands.

“No, no, it’s ok. I did it too. I…” He started but she’d stopped listening and was looking at her watch, realising how close to midnight they were.

“Shit… I… I have to go… I’m sorry.” She said, looking back to him apologetically.

“Wait, I don’t even know your name.” He said, trying to reach out to her as she turned to walk away quickly but all he could do was let her go as his hand caught her wrist. Something fell from her arm, catching his eye and he quickly picked up her watch as soon as it hit the floor but by the time he’d come up again, she was gone. Spencer could only stand there, looking as lost if not more lost than he had before he’d even seen her.

~

The bullpen was a flurry of people and paperwork as memos and reports and files and folders were moved from desk to desk. Spencer sat in the middle of it like a lighthouse in a storm, the only still and unmoving object in a sea storm. In front of him was the watch that had been left in his possession by his mystery dance partner, glistening in the bright lights of the office environment.

“Cheer up, kid” came a voice from beside him, causing Spencer to look up from his train of thought to see David standing over him. “They say tis better to have loved and lost, yadda, yadda, yadda. Way I see it, if there’s anyone who can find this girl, it’s you.” Spencer smiled for a moment then looked confused.

“Wait… how did you know…” He started but Rossi cut him off.

“If I couldn’t work that out from what I was seeing then I’d know it was time to hang up the old suit, tie and badge.” He smiled. “Where did it happen?”

“Last night’s masquerade ball.” He explained. “We danced, and er… but I didn’t even get to ask her name.”

“So you don’t have a name or a face, just body language and a watch.” Rossi added, which made Spencer frown, frustrated that he’d not thought of that before.

“She works in this building and I know what most of her features look like… if the watch and the body language fit…”

“Then you found Cinderella.” Rossi joked, smiling and placing a hand on his shoulder. “Well, have fun, kid.” And with that, he wandered off to his office.

~

Spencer spent the day wandering round the Quantico building, watching people and wandering into departments he’d never even seen before. Everywhere he went, there was no one that fit the profile nor the watch. He’d about given up hope when he arrived in the records department, wandering through the maze of shelves which were filled to the brim with boxes of files and feeling much more at home than when he’d wandered into the server room.

“Can I help you?” Came a soft and warm voice from a row of shelves as he’d walked past, stopping him in his tracks as he turned to see. Stood before him was an attractive young blonde wearing a long sundress to hide her shape. Spencer’s eyes flicked to her wrist, taking note of the light tan line band around it before looking back to her as she stood awkwardly at the sight of him.

“I was hoping you could help me find something.” He said, brushing his hair behind his ear and stepping forward into the darkened gap between the shelves.

“I… I suppose. I mean, I’m not all that used to people being in here because, well, the digital era kinda makes this a quiet place to work.” She smiled. “How can I help?” He smiled back to her, realising her voice was so familiar and her demeanour fit the profile.

“I was looking for the owner of this.” He said, producing the watch. Her eyes widened instantly and her cheeks burned bright pink even quicker.

“I… where did you find that?” She asked in horror.

“You er… dropped it as