-blotted parchment…tell-tale signs of a clerk’s office. Probably one of the theologians, she decided, idly picking up a translation of the Seventh Scroll. They spent all day with their noses pressed to the books, deciphering the dead languages—

A small clatter pricked her ears, making her look up with wide eyes; her heart pounding. “Hello?” she called. “Is—is someone there?”

There was no answer, but she could have sworn she head a muttered curse. Emma frowned, slowly lifting the Scroll as if it were a weapon. An extremely unhelpful weapon, she thought in the back of her mind, but there was no helping that right now. She edged toward the corner, holding it over her head.

“Who’s there?” she ventured. “I-I warn you: I’m armed, and my guards are very close by, so don’t try anything!”

Again, silence: but it was such a tense silence, she felt certain the someone was there, holding his breath—preparing to make a break for it, she realized. The only door was behind her, so the only other option was the window—

Glass shattered. Emma’s eyes widened as she watched a gloved hand suddenly reach up to grip the ledge, and a shadowy figure swung his legs up—

“No!” she shouted, barreling into him. The someone let out a small “oof!” as they tumbled to the floor, his head hitting the floor with a dull thud! Emma sat up, slightly out of breath as she pushed her hair back, and looked down at the thief (as she assumed from the bulky satchel around his neck) with narrowed eyes.

“Now, then—“ she put a hand to her ribs, still trying to catch her breath—“who…are you?”

“N-no one important, milady,” he said in a strained voice. 

“Really?” she said, lifting a dubious eyebrow. “And what were you trying to steal?”

“Just a few trinkets, nothing more—gah!” he yelped as she suddenly ripped off his mask. Emma tossed it to the side, and snatched up the satchel.

“And what have we here?” She upended it, dumping out: a jewel-studded goblet, three golden plates, some silver candlesticks. Emma glowered, turning her gaze to the thief, prepared to deliver a barrage of threats that would send his head spinning—

She dropped the satchel.

It was him.

Every detail…The messy dark curls, the twinkling brown eyes—the crooked sort of handsome that made her both flustered and exasperated at the same time. He was the young man from her dream, in every—

She  gasped as he suddenly pushed her off him and leapt to his feet. She hit the ground, hard, and whipped around; frantically reaching out to catch his ankle—stop him from escaping—

“Uh!” He dropped, landing with a thud! Emma scrambled to her feet, and tried to pin him down, but he was struggling too fiercely for her to manage anything more than dig her nails into his wrists.

“Get off me!”

“Thief!” she spat. “I should call my guards!”

“Bloody do it, then!” he retorted. 

Emma’s eyes widened: with a sudden burst of anger, she grabbed the back of his hair, and slammed his forehead into the floor; he let out a shout, but she clapped her hand over his mouth to muffle it.

“Be quiet!” she hissed. “Or I will call my guards!”

He stared at her with wide eyes, but obeyed, holding his hands back in surrender. Breathing hard, Emma glared down at him, keeping her hand over his mouth.

How was it possible? How could he look exactly like her prince, and be nothing more than a dirty low-life? The resemblance was strong enough to stop her from calling her guards, but still…the disappointment nearly broke her heart. 

She looked down at him, shaking her head slightly. “How did you get in here?” she asked. “How did you make it through without being caught?”

He mumbled something, rolling his eyes. Emma removed her hand.

“What did you say?”

“I said, I think my current circumstances make it abundantly clear that I did not make it through without being caught,” he repeated. 

“But before that,” she pressed. “How did you make it this far?”

He flashed a sarcastic smile at her. “I tiptoed very quietly.”

Emma exhaled impatiently. “Tell me honestly,” she said. “And don’t make fun of me.”

“I would never make fun of you, milady,” he patronized. “But if it helps: you’ve a party going on outside that makes it insultingly easy to blend in, provided one’s got access to some rich-looking clothes.”

“You mean…you just walked in?” Emma stared at him in disbelief. “Right under their noses, you just walked right in