t ask anymore, please. I can’t even explain the bet to you, you memoryless bastard. Also, don’t look at the cake. You’re not getting any Erwin. You can buy your own expensive ass cake while driving your expensive ass car.


“I see,” Erwin chuckles a bit. “I’ll be going then.”
 “Alright, bye,” I say, watching Erwin leave. I don’t know why, but I think every conversation I’ve had with Erwin has all been awkward and unnecessary, even before I really remembered anything. Erwin and his goddamn ey- wait, no. I can’t say or think that anymore. Karma is going to come bite my ass.


Composing myself, I walk to the instruments. I sit in front of the keyboard. I turn it on and play with it. I play the chords for the song I want to practice. I listen to the chords, letting them take me in. I really liked this song the first time I heard it. It helps me remember a lot of things. Unhealthy habit, but whatever.



“Have you decided what song we’re playing yet?” Mike asks as he pops in and sits on the couch with Hanji in tow.



“Is it sappy? Is that why the piano’s out, munchkin?” Hanji questions. She looks at the cake on the table as she sits down. “Is that my cake too?!”



“Yea, just wait until Isabel gets here. Eren’s coming too, I think,” I say, standing up after I turn the keyboard off. I mean he kept asking me if we were practicing today. Hanji looks at me as if I’m holding her captive and starving her. “Bitch, calm yourself. This cake was expensive ass fuck.”



“Fine,” Hanji glares at me indignantly. “How was Conrad Steele yesterday?”



“His name is Marco Bodt. He’s thirty and a lawyer. He was Eren’s friend and died during the battle of Trost. He has romantic feelings for Kirstein,” I inform them. “He’s moving here in a week or two. I swear to god guys, he is like Jesus, my Jesus.”



“Kirstein?” Mike questions.



“Jesus?” Hanji laughs.



“Yes and yes,” I clarify, sitting in between my friends on the couch.



“Oh shit, if you say he’s Jesus then he must be corrupted,” Mike deduces.



“Oh gawd! I can’t wait to meet him!” Hanji exclaims.



“Yea, hey, Hanji, your birthday passed already, but was there something you wanted to do?” I put the topic on the table.



“Oh yea, fuck, Hanji, sorry, I forgot about your birthday too,” Mike says. We all were born with the same birthdays, so it’s not hard for us to remember. However, with our memories, some habits form again. Celebrating birthdays wasn’t something we did a lot. We were too busy and there was a lot of us that did just come and go.



“Oh yea, I forgot about that too, lol,” Hanji gasps. “Oh my god, guys, we should get piercings.”



“Already have them,” I comment.



“Then get some more,” Hanji retorts. “We should each pick a spot to pierce that are not on the ears.”



“Petra might freak out,” I think out loud. “We should do it.”



“What are you guys doing?” Isabel asks while walking in. The three of us look at her like she interrupted something very important. There is a moment of silence, because we’re annoying fucks that fuck around a bit too much.



“You’re late,” I say.



“Oh, sorry,” Isabel rolls her eyes. “I had to cross Africa to come here. Please, forgive me.”



“If you’re from Africa, why are you white?” Hanji asks in a serious voice.



“Oh my god, Hanji, you can’t just ask people why they’re white,” Mike gasps.



“Seriously? There has to be a limit to these overused quotes,” Isabel rolls her eyes again.



“Girl,” I tsk, preparing my falsetto voice. “The limit does not exist.”



“What the hell?” Eren walks in, giggling. “Why are you guys quoting mean girls?”



Eren is wearing… yes, I only ever care about what Eren is wearing. My eyes will always automatically observe what he is wearing. Anyways, I digress. Eren is wearing a bright lavender sweater that comes half past his thighs. On his shirt, in black, read “Careful, I.” In pastel red, the last word read, “Bite.” On his neck is a black choker with little bat wings on the side. Peeking out under the sweater is a pair of pastel red shorts. His legs are covered with black fishnet tights. On his feet are bright lavender converse. I internally calm myself. What is this?