, so you can get fresh air.” His voice was determinedly solid, as if he had rehearsed what he would say and when he would say it. 

“We’re making for Illyria, then?” Emma asked, hoping to get as many answers as she could. 

Lem hesitated, as if he wasn’t sure about his authority to answer questions, then nodded and stepped out of the way so that she could exit the cell. 

He then reached into his pack and handed her a cloak, “So you don’t catch a chill.” 

Emma smiled in thanks as she took it, having long since accepted the fact that she would be parading around in her thin chemise and insubstantial robe. Having another way to cover herself made her feel bolder, even though the cloth would do very little when it came to protection from anything but weather. 

“What is it like there?” She asked, following demurely while looking for something, anything she could take for a weapon. She had no reason to make trouble on board the ship--escape was likely impossible--but she wanted something for when the opportunity arose. What that opportunity would allow was something she didn’t want to contemplate until the time came. Not now, when she was in the open air for perhaps the last time. 

Nothing presented itself to her as he answered, “It’s a far sight safer there than it is aboard this ship, m’lady, and you’d agree with me if you knew.” 

Emma highly doubted that, but still felt compelled to ask. 

“How could that be? The captain seems accommodating enough. Even you must admit that Illyria is a...dangerous...place.” 

Lem grunted and paused on his way up the slender staircase, “Illyria is a snakes nest, Highness, but at least there you have some measure of safety, if you know how to go about it. Men will try to cheat ya’, but it’s expected. And criminals pay their due. Usually.” 

He grimaced as he looked out a porthole, then carried on in a whisper, “The seas aren’t safe, anymore. Out here, Princess…..Out here, men pray to the open air, and no one answers but Hook. These waters have no king. No God. Just Hook. If we escape his notice, it’ll be dumb luck. I’d be strung up for saying it too loudly, understand, but we all think it.” 

“Captain Hook? Of the Jolly Roger?” Emma asked cautiously. She had heard stories of his reign of terror, but he had never plagued her kingdom’s ships. In fact, she knew that her parents had managed to pay off many of the pirates who preyed on these seas. 

“That’s the bloody one. He’s been attacking us left and right, and not a single ship he takes on survives. He-” Lem cut off as the trapdoor to the upper deck opened and saluted another sailor as he passed by. 

He continued walking, then, and led her to the upper decks, “He’s a right nightmare, that one. Any Illyrian ship that leaves port is in danger. When he takes a ship, he ransacks it, then kills the crew, one by one, while the others stand in a line, watching. He looks into their eyes, they say, before he kills them. Like he’s memorizing their faces.” 

The upper deck was chilly, and thick white air, damp and misty, rolled onto deck. It was a wonder that the men could make their way about the rolling ship so easily. 

Emma was unconvinced, but with her situation, and the fog, it was hard to remain stoic. Somehow, talking about Hook was still easier than contemplating her situation. She felt oddly removed, as if she was watching events from an outsider's perspective. “How would anyone know that?” 

Lem chuckled darkly, “Because, Princess. He doesn’t kill everyone. He picks one man, sometimes two, from every ship and ties them up. Makes them watch everything he does. Then he tells them to send King Sammael his regards and puts them in a lifeboat with enough food to make it to shore and a pistol with a shot for each man. He wants them to survive, see, so that we can learn to fear him. And it’s bloody-” 

“Lem, enough with that Hook nonsense. This voyage is stressful enough as it is.” A tall man with bulging muscles called as he sat on an upturned barrel, repairing a sail. 

“Are you tellin’ me it ain’t true?” Lem demanded, putting his hands on his hips. 

“I’m telling you that there’s no point in befouling the air. There’s no way this ‘Hook’ is one man. It’s probably a large bunch of sailors from Misthaven--her sailors,” he pointed at Emma, “trying to scare fools like you. And while you’re keeping quiet, you can have the princess take a