she opened one up for him.

“Oh, okay,” she nodded, then counted up his change.

“Have a good night,” he smiled, and turned out the door.

As the cool night air hit him, he noticed the man from earlier getting into the car of…well, another man.

Kuroo hid a smile as he walked past the front of the car and down the sidewalk to head home.

When he got home, he immediately popped the pizza into the oven and began to chow down on the chips.

Tobi, his dark brown, six toed cat, jumped up onto the counter and began rubbing up against him.

“Hey, baby girl,” Kuroo grinned, wiping his fingers off on his sweats before petting her. “You’re pretty lonely here when I’m gone, aren’t you?”

She purred in response, and Kuroo just smiled down at her. “Maybe Daddy will get you a new friend,” he said, rubbing her chin. “We don’t both have to be lonely.”

Tobi only meowed before hopping off of the counter and running towards her food dish.

Kuroo shook his head and pulled a can of wet cat food out of the cupboard above the oven. “Here you go baby,” he said, cracking it open before setting it next to her dry food dish. “You are so spoiled, did you know that?”

She didn’t hesitate in mowing down on the food, and Kuroo went to the oven the check on the pizza.

When it was cooked to perfection, he pulled it out and cut it immediately before bringing the entire pan into his living/bed room. He set it down on the small glass table next to his recliner before kicking his feet up and turning the television on. Just before he pulled Netflix up, he remembered that the payment was never processed, along with his Hulu account.

YouTube would have to suffice.

He sat up for the next two hours, polishing off all of his goods before brushing his teeth and washing his face. He stared into the mirror, examining the dark circles that were becoming all too familiar underneath his eyes. He sighed deeply and tuned the light off before flopping onto his cheap, rickety futon.

It took about twenty minutes, but sleep finally consumed him.

*****

Kenma wrapped the blindfold tightly around Lev’s eyes, ensuring that he didn’t tie it too tight or pull any of his silvery blonde hair.

“How does that feel?” Kenma asked, gently caressing Lev’s shoulder.

“It’s fine,” Lev nodded, readjusting his wrists, which were bound behind him. “It’s more than fine.”

“Good,” Kenma responded, pushing him forward. “Just relax, and I’ll take care of you.”

“Okay,” Lev agreed breathlessly, his head turned to the side so he could breathe. “I’m not used to being a bottom, so…”

Kenma cracked open the bottle of lube and squeezed some onto his finger. “That’s fine. I’ll go easy on you. If it becomes too much, then use the safe word.” He caressed Lev’s inner thigh, encouraging him to spread his legs a little wider. “You remember what it is?”

“Watermelon,” Lev chuckled.

“Good.” Kenma began to trail kisses down Lev’s lower spine. “Don’t say anything else unless I ask you a question.”

“Okay,” Lev agreed.

Kenma then gently licked Lev’s hole, using just the tip of his tongue. Lev tensed up at the initial touch, but relaxed immediately after the flat of Kenma’s tongue grazed it. Kenma then began kissing the hole, gathering his spit before sucking it and sliding his tongue into it.

“That feels so good,” Lev said quietly.

“Did I ask you?” Kenma said sternly, giving him a firm slap to the ass.

Lev yelped in surprise. “No.”

“Then don’t speak.”

The preperation continued as Kenma rubbed his index finger around Lev’s hole to begin to loosen him up. After a few minutes, he added more lube and slooooowly began to insert it.

Kenma leaned forward, kissing Lev’s shoulder blades as he asked, “Is this okay?”

“Yeah,” Lev said breathlessly.

Kenma continued to push in until his whole finger was inside of Lev. He then twisted it around gently, loosening Lev up even more. As he pulled out, he added just a spurt more of lube before going in and out consecutively.

“I’m adding another finger,” he warned.

Lev didn’t respond, and Kenma half-smiled as he pulled his finger out and then inserted two.

“You’ve really never fingered yourself before, have you?” Kenma asked, his two fingers settled in all the way.

“No sir,” Lev gasped, his breath becoming heavy.

Hm. Kenma had never been called sir before. But he didn’t hate it. “I can always tell,” he said as he began to twist his fingers around