"My head, my feelings. Tell me you don't want me like that, and I'll drop this conversation," Harry said, refusing to look at Niall.

 

"I..I'm just shocked to hear this coming from you. Why now? Why tell me now?" Niall asked, his head running felt like it was running a thousand miles per hour.

 

This was all just one confusing situation that Niall found himself in, and he wanted answers. He would give Harry answers, but only when he got his answers first.

 

"Well, I've been mean to you since High School because I knew you were— are in love with Louis...and I was jealous of him," Harry said, trying not to get upset.

 

"Jealous of Louis? I'm not that special," Niall replied to Harry's confession.

 

"Yes, you are, but...I'm not romantically into you. I'm aromantic, Niall." Harry admitted, and Niall gave him a weird look like he didn't understand what that meant.

 

"Aromantic?"

 

"Aromantic, as in, I don't have any romantic feelings for anyone. Never have, and never will," Harry informed Niall, and Niall finally understood it. "and I've been wanting to fuck you since the tenth grade, honestly."

 

Looking down at the floor, Niall started to think. He wondered why Harry would come out with this now, especially since they were trapped in a closet together."Sorry I even tol-” Harry was saying before Niall cut him off.

"I never said I didn't want it, because...well...I do want it. I want you to use me, and it goes perfect with my kink I have," Niall admitted, and Harry's jaw dropped.

 

"Well, what's your kink then?" Harry asked curiously.

 

"I...well, I like being verbally humiliated. I know it sounds strange, and I'm so sorry if it turns you off," Niall apologized, but Harry just smirked at him.

 

"Don't apologize, Niall. I actually like humiliating the sluts that I fuck."

 

"So, the answer is…yes." Niall smirked, and Harry pointed to the closet floor.

 

"Get on your knees like a good slut, then," Harry said with a seductive smirk that already was making Niall hard.

 

"Yes, sir," Niall said, but Harry shook his head.

 

"No, in the bedroom, or whenever we're alone together, you will call me Daddy. Understood?" Harry asked in a serious tone of voice.

 

"I understand, Daddy," Niall said, his cheeks heating up from embarrassment.

 

"That's a good slut, and because you're listening, I'll let you make Daddy come before he fucks you."

 

"Thank you, Daddy," Niall said, causing Harry to smirk.

 

Taking off his skinny jeans, Harry removed his boxers as well. Niall gasped at the sight of his growing-hard cock. "Like what you see, Slut?" Harry asked as he began to stroke his cock.

 

"Yes, Daddy. I love your big cock," Niall said as he rubbed the front of his jeans."Good, because you're gonna be my size queen," he said, signaling for Niall to start sucking. 

Taking the shaft in his hands, Niall began with his balls. "Mm, you knew just where to start, slut." Harry moaned as Niall stroked his cock faster, making sure to lightly squeeze the tip.

 

Leading Niall's mouth to his shaft, Niall began to tease Harry. He didn't seem to care about being teased.

"Just like that, slut. You're such a dirty fucking slut, I swear." He moaned as Niall sucked on his tip.

 

Sucking on Harry's tip, Niall stroked his own cock through his jeans. Moving his mouth further down Harry's shaft, Niall looked up at Harry. Noticing that Harry had a smirk on his face made Niall nervous.

 

Pulling out his cock from Niall's mouth, Harry started to leak precome. Slapping Niall's face with his cock, Harry wiped the precome all over his cheeks.

 

"You look pretty with my precome all over your slutty face," Harry commented as he grabbed onto Niall's hair. "Mm, gonna fuck your face; open up," he said, slapping Niall in the face with his cock again. Doing as he was told, Niall opened his mouth wide, and prepared himself for Harry's cock.

 

Moving his cock in and out of Niall's mouth, Harry kept his grip on Niall's blond hair. 

"Mm, fuck," Harry moaned as he hit the back of Niall's throat. "Gonna fuck your throat, slut," moaned Harry, and Niall opened his mouth as wide as possible. Thrusting in and out of Niall's throat, Harry pulled back after several thrusts. "You okay, slut?"

 

"Yes, Daddy...I