and spirit vines covering the city to the point that it has become a tourist attraction! We are trying to calm the fires in the Earth Kingdom.     





     But enough about the serious stuff, I miss you. I hope everything is working out well. Knowing you, you'll be sprinting across the pole soon and Katara and your parents are going to have to restrain you just to make sure you don't hurt yourself again. I eagerly await your return. If you want, I could even visit, just let me know. I know I have said it a lot already, but I will always be there for you no matter how you need me.      



        Love,  I scratched this part out of my letter.



          Your friend,          





            Asami Sato.            



Days pass by and eventually a few weeks pass, no reply. I decided to write back to her again.



              Dear Korra,             





             I guess the healing process has taken a little longer than we thought, but don't feel sad or angered because of it, take as long as you need. If anyone has earned a well deserved vacation, it's you. Just get better, we can't wait to see you again. I can't wait to see you again.             





             Tell me how you've been, how are the treatments going? When you come back I can't wait to show you my new bike, we can even let you test drive it. Don't worry, it's outfitted with a metal alloy that makes it impervious to most damage, so you don't have to worry about crashes. If all goes well, we can even make one for you, think of it as a welcome home present.              





             Your friend, Asami Sato.              



Weeks become months, still no replies. After a year I wrote one last letter.



                Dear Korra,               





               I'm sorry if I've been smothering you with letters, I miss you, but judging from how many letters I've sent and how many replies I've gotten, you've either forgotten me or are trying to avoid me... Both options hurt, but I hope you're happy and are doing better where ever you are. I will always care for you Korra, you're one of my closest friends and my life would never have been the same without you in it.               





               Love, Asami Sato.                



A week goes by and still no reply, I sighed and accepted that she has forgotten me, or she figured out my feelings and I scared her away. It hurts, but I bury myself in my work, trying to do what I love to cheer myself up. After a week, the hurt started to fade, not completely, but I smiled much more than I had in a while. As I returned home one day, I received my mail from my assistant, bills, deals, my Cycles and Mobiles monthly magazine, and strangely enough, a letter. As I examined the letter, I saw the name of who wrote it... Korra... My heart stopped for a few seconds. My hands almost started shaking as I held the letter, feeling excited, terrified, happy, and worried all at the same time. I gulped and opened the letter, taking it out and reading the contents.



                  Dear Asami,                  





                 I'm sorry for not writing back sooner. I read every one of your letters and they helped push me to try and heal more and more. They were the only thing that helped me push. I tried to write to you after every letter, but I couldn't find the proper words. I decided it would be better to not look like a fool to you and just not write back, thinking the sessions would end soon and I'd be back before you knew it.                  





                 I can walk now, it took months of hard work and in many moments I bought it would never happen again, but I eventually pushed through and took a step! I can now walk and run properly, though they tell me to take it easy so I don't hurt myself... I do take secret jogs every now and then.                  





                 I'm working on my bending now, I can do the basics, but I'm working on the more advanced techniques. At this rate, in a few months, I should feel back to normal. I can't wait to return, I miss Narook's Noodles, I miss the kids, I miss the noise... I miss you.                  





                 I'm sorry you thought I hated you or even forgot you, I could never forget you. My best friend, the person who has seen me at my lowest and never judged me. Who called me one of the strongest people she knew even when I felt like I was nothing. Never doubt that Asami. I can't wait for your next letter. I promise to write back more frequently, despite how stupid I may sound at times.                  





                 Please don't tell Mako or Bolin though, I haven't written to them or anyone else. Only you. It is just easier to talk to