.

“I would be most obliged if you could restrain yourself for four more stops then.”

Athena rolled her eyes. “I’ll try. For you.”

Instead of answering, Simon’s gaze flickered over to Mr. Wright, Trucy, and Apollo, who were standing in a group a few straps down, talking among themselves and paying them little heed. Then, it quickly swept over the other people in their vicinity, causing the one or two people who had taken to staring at the forbidding prosecutor to hastily avert their eyes.

Finally, he leaned down again, murmuring next to her ear so quietly that even she only just managed to pick it up, “Turn towards me and come closer.”

Athena’s eyes widened when she heard something in his heart she would never have expected to encounter in a place like this.


Here? Now?


What if they were spotted?

The thought should not have been this exciting.

She sent him a mischievous little smile before stepping towards him, letting go of the strap dangling from above and wrapping her left arm around his waist underneath his surcoat. The next moment, he pressed slightly closer, and then she could feel the fingers of his free hand clandestinely sneaking underneath her skirt, tugging down her leggings just enough to get at her panties underneath.

Suppressing a sharp intake of breath, Athena lifted her other arm to grasp at his elbow in an attempt to conceal what he was doing, tempted for a moment to glance around and verify that no one was looking at them but knowing at the same time that that would only get them spotted faster. She could feel his amused huff rather than hear it, as he seemed to be unobtrusively gazing into the round, ensuring that no one would try to keep an eye on them for long enough to see – sometimes, being infamous did have its uses.

Simon’s hand began to teasingly rub against the thin cotton layer of her panties, occasionally stretching out just one finger to trace her folds. He knew she could not demand that he go faster, nor that he should reach beneath the cloth to touch her directly, not without giving everything away, and it was too late to back out now – Athena felt herself getting wet under his touch, and the urge to see this to the end was already too strong to bring herself to signal a break-off.

Burying her face in his suit jacket, she stifled a moan, feeling him chuckle ever-so-slightly.

The train slowed, and with it, Simon’s motions likewise lessened in speed, only to stop completely when the doors opened, his fingers withdrawing for the moment.

Now, Athena did risk a fleeting look up at his face, just barely catching his positively predatory grin before Apollo’s voice sounded behind her.

“Athena, are you all right?”

Only the worry in his voice compelled her to look at him across her shoulder with what she hoped was a not-too-distorted smile.

“I’m fine, it’s just easier holding on to my personal giant than reaching for the straps!”

Apollo snorted at about the same time Simon did.

“You go ahead and do that, then.”

And with that, her colleague once more turned toward Mr. Wright and his daughter, who likewise averted their gazes from the couple again.

The train jerked back into movement; Simon waited until its racket was loud enough to mask his voice so that only she could hear him anymore before muttering, “Well then, back to holding on…”

His hand slowly traced its way up her inner thigh once more; this time, warm fingertips snuck underneath the elastic to the side, pressing softly against her clit, and then they moved, oh so very slightly, almost as if they were driven more by the rattling of the train car wheels across the tracks rather than by consciously applied force…

Athena pressed her face into Simon’s chest, willing herself to exhale slowly, as soundlessly as possible as to not call attention to herself, though she could not keep from digging her fingernails into his upper arm through his jacket sleeve.


Oh god MORE…!


Tuning out everything but the dangerously enticing sensation of his touch and his closeness, she could hear Simon’s heartbeat quickening, his breathing deepening. The pressure against her center lessened and slipped away for a second as his fingers wandered downward, sliding through her wetness before pushing in, only to be renewed when the pad of his thumb began rubbing against her, with more force this time…

His digits inside her crooked and straightened rhythmically, imperceptible from the outside but just enough, just enough to get her closer with each passing moment…

Her fingers were now clawing into his arm hard enough to cause the smallest noise to emerge from him, held back by tightly closed lips, inaudible to anyone not blessed with her hearing, but filled with pain and arousal in equal parts…

It was all Athena could do to feign a cough when she could not entirely silence her quiet exclamation as she hit her peak, holding on to Simon for dear life to not betray herself even further by trembling. He stilled for a