and putting down his cup of coffee and paper bag. When Zach failed to acknowledge him any further, he stuck his hand out under Zach’s nose, so that Zach really couldn’t ignore him unless he wanted to cross the border from “polite disinterest” into “outright rudeness.” He really didn’t have the balls for that, so he looked up, finally, and found himself the recipient of a bright blue gaze and a sunny smile that seemed to light up the whole room.

“Chris Pine,” said the other guy, and Zach put down the spoon he’d been idly toying with to shake his hand.

“Zach,” he offered, feeling the strength and warmth of Chris’s palm. “Do you always tell everyone your full name when you meet them?”

“Not everyone, no,” Chris said, still smiling. He held Zach’s hand for a moment, and his gaze for just a moment longer, and then he released it, and they both looked at the manatee for long minutes, saying nothing. The silence was less prickly than it had been now that they were introduced. The manatee wasn’t doing much, just blobbing around in his tank, but it was soothing to see the way he glided around. Strange that something so big could be so graceful.

“There’s a sign there that says his name is Gerald,” Chris said, gesturing to the manatee.

“Gerald.”

“Yeah.”

“Odd name for a manatee.”

“Why, what would you name a manatee if you had one?”

Zach thought for a moment. “Horatio.”

“Horatio.”

“Yes.”

“Is that any odder than naming one Gerald?”

“Horatio is a classy name. Gerald’s an old-man name,” Zach informed him, cringing a little at how patronisingly that came out, but Chris held up a placating hand as if to concede defeat.

“All right, all right. Horatio it is.”

They were quiet for another few moments, watching Gerald-who-should-be-Horatio drift about, looking like an underwater sofa, or perhaps a massively overgrown aquatic marshmallow.

“Are you with the party upstairs?” Chris asked.

Zach hadn’t really paid much attention to the people upstairs after taking his drink from the woman wearing awesome gypsy-style clothing behind the bar.

“No. Are you?”

“No. I was just passing by and I wanted a coffee, and then when I realised there was a party I came downstairs. Didn’t want to interrupt. It looked like a birthday party, and I don’t like crashing parties, even for free cake.” He gestured down to the paper bag, which was untouched on the table. “I bought a cookie thing instead. Do you want some?”

Zach nodded, and Chris took the treat out of the bag and broke it in two. Zach took his half and nibbled it. Chris crammed his half into his mouth in one big bite and covered himself in crumbs, which he hastily brushed off himself onto the floor. Gerald fixed him with a grumpy look as he did so. Chris, unabashed, got to his feet.

“Do you want to go take a closer look?”

Zach found Chris’s enthusiasm infectious, so he rose too and followed Chris to stand by the manatee’s tank. The creature came to press his whiskery nose up against the glass, fixing them with a long, hard stare before blowing bubbles at them. If such things were possible, his gaze seemed to have softened, although it was hard to tell because his eyes were very small.

An odd, dreamy sort of feeling came over him, and when Zach looked down, he realised that his hand and Chris’s were intertwined, Chris’s long, warm fingers woven with his own, his thumb gently stroking the skin between his thumb and forefinger. It felt good. Peaceful. Like the swirling blue patterns reflected on the ceiling. He looked up, and saw Chris’s eyes were the same sparkling blue as the water in the manatee’s tank.

“Beautiful,” he murmured, and Chris laughed, delighted, and caught his lips in a soft kiss.

Zach devoted perhaps a quarter of a second to hoping that the manatee was going to give them some privacy, and then enthusiastically accepted Chris’s tongue into his mouth. They kissed for long, languid moments, and then broke off, breathless and panting. It was clear kissing wasn’t going to be enough when Zach somehow found his hands full of Chris’s ass and Chris’s hard cock pressing against his through their jeans.

“You wanna…?” he asked, not really sure how to finish the sentence, but knowing he wanted more of Chris.

“Yeah,” Chris gasped, “But maybe not in front of the manatee.”

“You think he’ll tell on us or something?”

“No, just…I’d prefer a little privacy.”

Zach thought for a moment, looking around the room for inspiration, but all he could see was the tank with