eyes. She had been taking Eren shopping many years now, but for some reason, Eren had to always do that speech. In her hand, at that moment, were already bags of baby clothes. More clothes and children accessories were in the bags in Armin’s hands.



“Also,” Eren continued.



“Ugh, you’re so annoying,” Armin rolled his eyes as well.



“If you die, you die with honor,” Eren stated ever so seriously in a low voice. “Let us go, my fellow comrades.”



With that, the three friends entered the war zone. Armin went to the left, Mikasa to the right, and Eren braved through the middle of the battlefield. He walked to the pile of clothes in the middle with omegas, and a few alphas, fighting each other like the vultures they were. Eren, being just like them, jumped right into the battlefield.



Hands went everywhere. If Eren hadn’t know any better, he would’ve thought that he was attending an orgy. The omega pushed through, ignoring the complaints sent his way. Eren quickly grabbed a yellow hooded onesie. It was a cute ducky onesie for newborns. As he pulled it closer to himself, another hand grabbed it and pulled it away from him. Eren tried to keep his grip, but he lost it. Soon the onesie was leaving his hand.



He looked at the person taking it away from him. It was a female omega. The woman smirked at him. Eren felt something inside of himself go off. He couldn’t believe the audacity the woman had. Before he could do something about it, another woman, an alpha, approached the other woman. The rude omega shivered in fear and reluctantly gave the onesie to the other woman. The other woman turned around and approached Eren. The male omega stepped back, unprepared to be confronted with an alpha.



The alpha was a few inches shorter than Eren. Her face looked as if it suffered from resting bitch face syndrome. She had long black hair and pale skin. She reminded Eren of Mikasa, but on a whole new level. In all honesty, Mikasa was terrifying, but because she loved Eren, she never went full alpha on him. Eren felt his heart race and tears threatening to form. He was disturbed by the alpha because of fear. It wasn’t what he felt when Levi yelled at him. This was something that was pure fear. The omega felt a whine escape his lips. Eren bit his lower lip to shut himself up. He felt his cheeks burn as he saw the woman’s popping eyes from the realization of what a wuss Eren was.



“Sorry, did I scare you?” The woman asked.



“Huh?” Eren intelligently let out. He felt his apprehension dissipate once he realized that the woman wasn’t a threat. Eren was about to answer until he was pushed to the side by another customer. The alpha woman caught him and helped him stay steady.



“Are you alright?” The woman asked.



“I’m alright. Thank you,” Eren let out a breathless laugh.



“That’s good. Here you go,” the woman offered the duckie onesie to Eren. “I saw that woman rip it out of your hands earlier.”



“Oh… um, thank you, ma’am,” Eren smiled as he took the onesie.



“Please, call me Kuchel,” Kuchel said. “Do tell me, are you expecting or preparing or do you have children already?”



At first, Eren was caught off by the question and then he remembered that he didn’t use his scent masking spray today. Suppressants consisted of pills to prevent heats and masking scent sprays to eliminate a dynamic’s scent. Even then, the woman had, at the least, godly instincts to be able to pinpoint his dynamic in a room full of raging animals.



What Eren did, buy baby clothes, was very common for many omegas, of older generations, to do. It was generally known as “preparing” before expecting. Eren’s mother told him that she was just like him. She went out shopping before she was expecting. Eren came from a generation of omegas that waited to mate and have children. This generation… well, Eren hoped that his teaching style could help them focus more on studies rather than alphas. If not study, then they should invest on birth control, because the omegas of this generation were more prone to have an abortion. Abortions were sad in general, and it also traumatized the omega’s body.



“Preparing. I’m Eren. I haven’t found an alpha yet,” Eren explained with a friendly smile. Well, he did find an alpha, the alpha, but Levi didn’t count. He’s underage and his student. If anyone knew that, he could get arrested for even looking at a student that way.



“Well, that’s quite a shame. You are easy on the eyes. Just simply beautiful,” Kuchel commented as she looked over Eren’s figure.



“Thank