up her pretty, tanned face. “Lance! I-I they’re almos-I don’t-they’re coming-” Lance recognized this as one of his sister’s breakdowns, and immediately moved away from Keith, dropping the comb on the floor and rushing to pull his sister into a hug. Cries shook his queen's body as she clung to him, and could only bury his face in the woman’s hair and gently rock her until she calmed down. Keith was insanely confused, and climbed onto the bed, cuddling into the pillows until the two were done. He understood that this was Lance and Allura's thing, and didn’t want to interrupt. 


 


It was a good ten minutes before Allura stopped crying, and Lance had stayed with her the entire time. She pulled away from him, wiping her eyes. “Sorry…” She whispered, and Lance shook his head, pressing his forehead to hers. Keith felt a little twinge of jealousy, even though the dragon knew that he shouldn’t have. Allura was Lance’s kin; they had a right to be close. 


 


“Wanna tell me what’s going on?” Lance asked, blue eyes looking into equally blue eyes. She nodded, sniffing softly. 


 


“The Galra are getting closer to our border; We will have no choice but to send out our inexperienced soldiers in a few weeks. We cannot lose this kingdom to-to those monstrous 

dragons.

” Keith flinched softly as the queen said this, knowing that she probably despised dragons as most humans did.  


 


Lance bit his lip, sighing softly. “Well, I suppose we’re going to have to train them harder; dragon killing-” Keith actually made a soft whimper at that, and the prince remembered that his lover just happened to be a 

dragon

. Lance frowned, looking at Allura. “Tell Coran this; he will help you okay? This… We shouldn’t talk about this in front of Keith.” He said quietly, and Allura nodded, parting with another hug before briskly walking out, wiping at her face. 


 


Lance then turned, taking in how Keith was acting. He looked almost frightened, hugging the pillows tighter as his mate looked at him. The human shook his head, getting onto the bed and making his way over to Keith slowly. “Keith, I’m sorry you had to hear that, you know that we’d never hurt you…” His mate frowned softly, holding the pillows impossibly closer.


 


“Why you say then?”


 


“Because,” Lance started, luring Keith away from the pillows and bringing him into this sore arms. “There are dragons from the north that are coming to hurt us, to take over our country. We don’t want them to overthrow us here, and if they did, they will surely kill Allura and I. We don’t want that to happen, so we have knights trained to kill dragons.” He felt Keith stiffen in his arms, and Lance kissed his forehead. “They won’t lay a finger on you, I promise.” He hummed a quiet tune to help calm Keith, and the dragon relaxed into his mate’s chest with a sigh. 


 


After another few minutes of their cuddling, Keith sat up and kissed Lance again, lips moving soft and slow together. The two of them stayed like that for a while, huddled in eachothers arms and enjoying the presence of one another. Lance parted for a brief moment, smiling at Keith. “I’m not going to let 

anything

 happen to my mate. As long as you live here, you needn’t worry about anyone hurting you now, okay?” Keith nods, and Lance kisses him again, just as soft and slow. 







Hey friends!! Thank you all sooooo much for all of the hits and Kudos! I never thought I would get such a positive reaction. Anyhoo, there is some GORE in this chapter, so please be warned! Its marked with *** at the beginning and end for those wishing to skip it.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


That night, the two ate in Lance’s room, trying to stay away from the prying eyes of the maids who constantly asked if they needed anything. Hunk had taken their plates back for them, and Lance fell asleep with Keith curled up in his arms. So far, so good.


 


As morning rolled around, Lance woke to knocking at his door and groaned at the knocking, pulling the covers over Keith then telling the morning-ruiner to come in. The ruiner happened to be Allura, who looked like she had just woken up, if her nightgown and messy hair were anything to go by. She eyed Keith and kept her voice low, walking over to Lance. 


 


“Lance,” She whispered urgently. “How many people know about you and Keith?”


 


Lance bit his lip, blinking away the sleep in his eyes. “Uh… I don’t know? There were a lot of knights in t-” Allura swore, and Lance knew that being scared was the best