. The entirety of her body shook as she dragged her feet across the carpet, fingers twitching, wanting to tear up everything. No, she wanted to cut up everything, but she couldn’t cut up everything because she didn't know where Touko hid her scissors.

As she stumbled toward an armchair by the fireplace, swaying and zigzagging all of the way, the headache that she woke up with intensified. Syo reached the armchair and teetered on the spot, light-headed, and then flumped backward onto the seat cushion. Panting loudly, she forced a hand to her face and wiped her palm up it, eyes scrunched shut. When the throbbing sensation dwindled, she opened her eyes again.

Several seconds crawled by. The haze in her vision started to dissipate. A framed photograph hung beside a television mounted onto the wall, and the details in the picture began to grow more defined. Less shapeless. Syo focused on it while she tried to steady her breathing. Two people were in the photograph. One had braids. Touko. Next to her, the other person, someone taller, was in a suit. Byakuya. With his arm around Touko’s waist.

She pushed her glasses into place and held her breath, waiting to see if he morphed into someone else. He didn’t.

Two years. Two entire years. Each pang in her head denoted the passage of time.

A door creaked open elsewhere in the house. It sounded like the front door, and then someone walked inside. Syo remained seated, motionless, letting their footsteps find their way to her rather than the other way around.

“Touko?” Byakuya’s voice rang out, louder than the thumping in her head. “Where are you?”

His footsteps found their way to the door of the living room. Then closer. Closer. Ideally, Syo would have been smoking a pipe by the fire while she waited for him to arrive, but she hadn’t managed to find one. That would have been pretty funny, if she had been smoking a pipe. Oh well. Once Syo decided his footsteps were near enough, she twisted around and smiled up at him.

Byakuya froze. He stared at her.

Syo rested her chin in her hands and lengthened her smile. Her heart fluttered at the sight of his face. How she adored that sexy face of his.

“You,” said Byakuya quietly.

“You who?” she asked. She tilted her head to one side.

“Genocider Syo.”

“Ding, ding! Right answer. Just what I expected from my white knight. Geez, I didn’t even say anything and you already knew.” Syo straightened up and threw her head back, laughing despite how it worsened her headache. Not once did she take her eyes off him.

Byakuya’s shoulders sank.

“With a face like that, I’ll have to start calling you Gloomy,” Syo remarked. She prodded her fingers into her cheeks, childishly squashing her face a bit.

“It’s been a while.” He folded his arms over his chest and turned his head away.

“Sure has,” said Syo, and she dropped her hands from her face. She held onto the top of the armchair with one hand and playfully swung her other hand to one side in a fist, moving it horizontally across her chest. “Two years to be precise. Where does the time go, huh?”

He didn’t even make eye contact.

“Seriously,” she said, as he seemed to think that she didn’t want a response. She furrowed her brow. “Where the hell did it go?”

Byakuya looked at her properly. “Fukawa has become better at controlling when you and her switch over.”

“That’s great but there’s just one thing,” said Syo with an edge of hostility. “I’ve been dormant for two fucking years. If you’re trying to kill me or something, that’s a real outdated end goal. Come on, darling, you’re smarter than that. I swore I’d quit expanding my wikipedia article. Next you’ll be telling me I have Multiple Personality Disorder.”

“Reintegration into a single state isn’t specifically what we’re aiming for, no,” Byakuya replied. “Definitely not the kind where you are 'killed' off. You and Fukawa need to be able to work to-”

“We’re aiming for? Fukawa?” Syo pretended her hand was the mouth of a sock puppet and tapped her thumb against her fingers. “Cut the crap, Byak. I heard you call out ‘Touko’ when you came in.”

“... Fine,” he said stiffly. “You and Touko need to be able to coexist. The aim is to have you be able to work together while ensuring the safety of her... of both of you, whether that means with reintegration or by improving your relationship. That doesn’t necessarily mean either of you have to disappear.”

“So why haven’t I been out for two years then? That doesn’t sound like improving