, you easily recognized me!” Allen sounded impressed and a bit disappointed. He and Matthieu almost had the same height and body, so how did Y/N realize instantly that he was Allen? Could it be that Y/N secretly checked him out and knew him well enough to tell the twins’ obvious difference?

“I know Matthieu enough to realize he is not the idiot cat-walking in a grocery aisle.” Y/N casually walked to the fruits section.

“Wow, you know him well haha uh-hm.” Allen’s self-esteem seemed to decrease a little, yet he still followed its cause. “So, you always go here after you had your Wednesday morning coffee, cake, and Matthieu?”

Now he even knew her schedule? “What do you need?” Y/N stopped to a section where there were no other people but the two of them. She did not want to be assumed as a participant in any foolish scandal involving a handsome model that could drive the media and mass crazy.

“Well, two weeks ago, when Mattie interrupted us, I happened to see you leave the shop.” As if that clearly answered Y/N’s unsaid question clearly displayed on her accusing expression, Allen smirked.

“Don’t you think you’re being creepy?” Y/N replied with no hesitation.

“What? No, I’m sexy!” And he moved closer to her to flash an irresistible smile, but it obviously had no effect to Y/N who then just continued to walk. “Seriously?! Have you seen my brother smile? Well, he can’t.”

“He can and he does.” Y/N quickly answered. “And his smile is the best.” She suddenly pictured in her mind Matthieu’s comforting smile and smiled herself.

“What the hell? I’m the model here!” Allen almost shouted in disagreement, but he was careful enough to not reveal his identity to the people in the grocery store. After all, he did not want to be seen with a plain woman who never seemed to take interest in him as she did to his plain twin brother no matter what he did. And despite of his awesome disguise as he would describe it, she was still unmoved.

“And you always had all the attention…”

“but not yours.” Allen cut her off and looked at Y/N seriously.

Y/N was starting to get uncomfortable. She did not realize her face was starting to turn red out of many emotions, namely annoyance, irritation, confusion, and embarrassment from yet unknown reason. “Cut it out. What does a handsome, hot, and sexy model need from an ‘ugly bitch’?” She then gave him a mocking look.

“Wow, you think I’m handsome, hot, and sexy?” Allen smirked.

“Those were your own descriptions of yourself! What’s wrong with you?” Y/N was so done. She inspected the contents of the basket she was carrying and started to head towards a basket lane cashier.

“Hey, can Mattie do this?” Allen hurried to walk ahead of Y/N to face her and showed an expression usually reserved for Oliver, or to anyone he needed something from: puppy eyes.

It was indeed effective, even to Y/N. Only, he did not think smart enough that doing it meant removing his sunglasses and revealing his famous face. Not that the sunglasses covered his entire face, but a famous model was a famous model despite of not wearing his red contacts. And he was quick enough to realize it, and so he needed to abort the finally effective move.

Upon watching the big man scurrying to put on his sunglasses back, Y/N suddenly wondered if that was the reason why Matthieu never removed his –, that he did not want to let others see his resemblance to his idiot twin brother.

“Your eyes are beautiful.” Y/N suddenly blurted as she saw the deep blue-violet shade on the handsome man’s eyes.

Allen was surprised and did not know he was slightly blushing of happiness. This was the first time Y/N truly complimented him. He wanted to shout but was smart enough to keep silent with a very pleased grin. Perhaps it was better, as of now, for him to not know that Y/N was currently trying to imagine how beautiful Matthieu’s eyes could possibly be.

“Your eyes are beautiful.” Allen was talking to his own reflection in the bathroom mirror and danced. “Hah! I knew it! I fucking knew it! She likes me!” He kept staring at his own eyes to his contentment while repeating Y/N’s comment over and over again. And he smiled like a fool. Until he remembered his brother’s eyes were more beautiful even though Allen denied it. “Damn.”

 

This Thursday morning was different, for there was no tower of pancakes on the table. Matthieu was not around. Y/N unconsciously kept on looking at the door to check on her friend’s possibly late arrival. And there he