oddest thing of all. 

	What looked like a playpen of rabbits was on the floor. No- too large to be rabbits. These were hares. There were five in total of various fur colors. They stood on a pile of wood shavings with food, water, chew toys, and beams to walk on. A light cream colored hare stood up and looked in her direction. It seemed quite happy. 

	At the opposite end of the pen, a woman was kneeled down toward the hares. She refilled a food bowl and gave the black hare some pets behind it's ears. Angela couldn't help but mutter.

	“Ah....cute.” 

	The woman looked up and for the first time Angela saw a face. Doctor O'Deorian, as her name implied, had to be Irish judging by the bright orange hair on her head. She kept it combed back and stylishly short. Her face was as slender as her body and her make up highlighted thin lips and eye brows. But her most interesting feature Angela recognized was her eyes. Hetrochromia, a medical term for eyes with two different colors. Hers were blue and red, contrasting beautifully. She wondered briefly how the iris could even be red. 

	Angela had dressed up for her job, but suddenly felt like a mess looking at her. 

	O'Deorian stood up. “Are you the new agent?” 

	“I-” Angela paused and cleared her throat. “I am. Angela Zeigler, ma'am.” 

	O'Deorian paused, thinking for a second. “...your accent. German?” 

	“Ah, no. I'm Swiss.” 

	“Damn, so close.” O'Deorian made her way around the cage and made her way to a desk chair. Angela noticed a file with her name on it. “You aren't very far from home then, are you?” 

	“No ma'am. I hope to make Overwatch my home.” She put on a smile again. “And you're Dr. O'Deorian, correct?”

	The older doctor didn't look up to meet that smile. She flipped through Angela's folder, looking for something specific in it. “Correct. Moira O'Deorian. Please call me Moira. I'm not your doctor unless you ask me to heal you.” 

	“I....Alright Moira.” 

	Moira kept reading the folder's contents, flipping through with what Angela noticed were beautifully long manicured nails. “Angela, you're in nanotechnology, right?” 

	“Y-yes. I hope to apply technology to our agents here and give them technology advancements to help them in the field. I took surgical courses, so I am capable of-”

	“One more thing.” Moira cut her off, looking up finally from the manila folder. “How close are you to Jack Morrison?” 

	Angela blinked, not sure how to respond. That was the first time her usual nanotechnology speech was cut off. And to talk of Jack Morrison? Of all things? Not how she got into medical school at a young age or her thesis on medic field training or... anything she had studied really?

	“I...well I know Jack Morrison, but we're not close or anything.” 

	“Hmm...” Moira gave her a doubtful look and Angela felt flustered just from her eyes alone. 

	“I...why would I be personal with Strike Commander Morrison?” 

	“He called you Angela in his letter.” Moira said quite simply. “You not only know Jack Morrison, you know him on a first name basis.” 

	Oh. 

	“Well...I've known Jack for a very long time. Just not as a professional.” Angela rocked slightly on her heels, thinking of how to explain best without too much detail. “I was... I was a child during the omnic crisis.” 

	“As many here were.” 

	“It's more than that.” She clutched her file tighter, nails digging in again. “When the omnics reached here... it was the First Overwatch Strike Team lead by Gabriel Reyes who rescued me. I have known Jack Morrison ever since then.” 

	“Hmm...” Moira put a pen to her lips. Angela felt a lump in her throat. She wasn't being believed.

	“I was the youngest in the group of survivors so the Strike Team kept careful watch over me until I was in the safe zone. They kept a close eye on me since. I ended up with Torbjorn Lindholm as I didn't... well I didn't have a family to return to after that.

	“And been with them ever since. Mostly with Captain Amari actually. She has a daughter a little younger than me so I get to see her every so often. And that is all.” 

	“I see...” Her face was a little more clouded now, but Moira at least did not seem doubtful any longer. She finally let out a small sigh. “I didn't mean to pry into your past. It just found it curious that he referred you, as well as Torbjorn and Amari.” 

	Moira put the paper back down on the desk. “You