s.

"I told you something was going on between those two," Clint whispered to Natasha from the arm of the couch.

"They're just tired.  There's nothing more to it.  If they were together I would know it," she hissed back.

"They do seem to do that a lot though," Steve contributed under his breath.

"They are merely comfortable with one another.  Is that not how brothers-in-arms should be?" Thor boomed; earning a round of shushing from the other three.

"Ten bucks says they're sleeping together less innocently before the end of the month," Clint challenged.

"You're on," Natasha replied.

"Two months," Steve countered, causing the assassins to stare at him in surprise.  "They're going to dance around each other a while.  I think it'll take them two months."

The three shook on it, and then returned their attention to the movie.

Tony was miserable.  He felt like he'd been run over by a train.  A train with at least fifty cars loaded to capacity.  He also felt like he'd been drenched in sweat and then thrown out onto the Arctic tundra in the middle of winter.  To make matters worse, he jostled his arc reactor every time he coughed, causing jolts of pain to surge through his chest.  

The others gave Tony a wide berth.  He was far from pleasant when he was sick.  Bruce was the only one who dared enter into Tony's apartment because a, he couldn't get sick, b, he was the unofficial team doctor, and c, Tony's whining didn't bother him enough to overwhelm his urge to take care of the other man.

"Feeling any better?" Bruce asked as he peeked into Tony's room.

"No."

"Have you eaten?"

"Yes," Tony indicated an empty bowl on the nightstand that Bruce had brought earlier filled with soup.

"That's a start," Bruce approved.  

"It would be a start if I didn't feel like Wile E. Coyote after he got smashed by an anvil," Tony snipped.

"Sorry.  Not much I can do about that.  Rest and time," Bruce answered evenly.  "Speaking of which, you should probably try to sleep."

He turned to leave, but a pathetic sound behind him stopped him.

"Couldn't you stay?" Tony asked nearly pleadingly.

Bruce turned around and looked at the billionaire.  Tony truly looked like he was in pain; his eyes were bright with fever and were practically begging Bruce to stay.  Unable to leave knowing how sick Tony must feel if he was willing to actually ask him to stay,  Bruce made his way over to a chair in one of the corners and sat down.

"Come on, you can't get sick thanks to Big Mean Green.  Get over here," Tony urged.

Bruce hesitated, but crossed the room and sat on the edge of the bed.

"Besides, all that radiation makes you really warm and I'm freezing," Tony said as he curled closer to Bruce.

Bruce sighed as he realized what Tony wanted, but he still slipped off his shoes and slid into the bed.  He let Tony scoot closer, and wrapped his arms around the other man.  To be fair, he seemed really sick, and other people had tried to use Bruce for far worse things than "human hot water bottle."  What's more, Bruce's presence seemed to help Tony relax, and soon his soft snores filled the room.

Bruce smiled to himself as he looked down at the sleeping mechanic and allowed himself to drift off as well.

Bruce wasn't quite sure why he had reacted so strongly, all he knew was that since JARVIS told him the date he had been shaking and sobbing on the floor, his mind flooded with terrible memories.  He was pretty sure he couldn't stand if he tried, but at the moment he didn't much feel like trying.  

There were soft but rushed footsteps behind him that paused at the door to his bedroom.

"Bruce?  Are you okay?" Tony asked softly.  

He tried to answer, but all that came out were choked sobs made worse by his frustration at being unable to communicate.  He tried again, but this time all he could manage were little breathless gasps.

In the blink of an eye Tony crossed the room, sank to the floor, and enveloped the other man in his arms.  He held him tightly, running one hand up and down his back in an attempt to soothe the wracking sobs that were overtaking Bruce's body.  He hugged Bruce tighter as his shaking became more violent; trying to still the broken man as his own heart broke a little from witnessing his best friend fall apart.

"He killed her," Bruce mumbled brokenly into Tony's shoulder.  "We were finally going to be free, and he killed her. . . He killed her."

Tony nodded sympathetically, not knowing what else to do, and continued to cradle the physicist against his body.

Bruce