he relaxed.

"I'm trying," John murmured. "Healing burns it up."
He reached up casually to brush a thumb over Seb's one remaining nipple.

The edge of his mouth twitched a little as he turned his head, kissing down to John's clavicle. The scarring started about there, from surgeries to clean and prep the rest of the area.

"Can't wait to do this in our own place," John murmured. "All over it."

"We can properly inaugurate all the furniture I have in storage," Seb agreed, kissing over to the bullet wound. It was nice to have daylight and leisure to do it in, though.

John shivered underneath him, "Mmm. Sounds like a plan. "

"Small steps. We can worry about work after that..." He licked kissed around the bandage John kept over the worst of it, still slow healing. 

"Mmm...I think I need to find out more about what turns you on," John said nuzzling into his hair.

"You. You're a pretty damn good start..." He didn't need a lot. He could *respond* to a hell of a lot, *did* respond to things that he didn't need all the time, but having a partner who he just found generally sexy in a relaxed way was pretty novel as well, still.

"That's always a plus," John chuckled and it made a strange rumbling sound near his ear.

 He lifted his head, looking up at John with a grin. "Well, I think so. After all, you have a rakish charm..." He was halfway to doing a little tweaking of his own when he heard the doorbell.

 "Oh you have got to be kidding me," John groaned. "Can we ignore them?"

He dropped his hips, half sprawled on John for a moment. "Christ. No, let me get my pants and trousers on..." It could be Jeremy or Becks, because he tended to lock the bottom outside door lock as well, and it only opened from the inside.

"Crap." John groaned. "Hold that thought then...I don’t want to miss out.

"Holding." He pushed himself up, and fished for his briefs and sweatpants, hopping into them as he headed into the hallway. The doorbell rang again.

He didn't want to lose the feeling. He'd set himself up mentally to luxuriate in driving John crazy and it made him irritable to be interrupted.

He could get back into the mood, but it had been relaxed and quiet, and just perfect. Now he was taking the stairs two at a time in hoping it was just a quick mistake. Someone touring around, trying to maybe pass their religion off. He wasn't sure, but looking through the peephole was a bit of a surprise.

There was Richard Brook, large as life standing on their doorstep. How the hell had he found them? It wasn't common knowledge where they were staying.

Rebecca and Jeremy had managed to keep that mostly quiet, and he and John certainly hadn't said anything. Christ. He looked skinny and squirrely and *familiar*. "John? It's Richard!" He shouted it up the stairs, because yeah... Fuck. there went quiet time. Seb started to open the door while he said it.

"Well, well." Richard still had that manic look about him "Did I interrupt something Colonel?" He had that grin going on that usually preceded suggestions like 'lets go to this amazing club in Germany'.

Seb ran a hand back through his hair as he leaned a hand on the door. "Well, that's pretty obvious." He was standing there without a shirt on, that was probably a decent guess. "Why don't you come in? How'd you get here?"

"Hopped." Richard said dryly. He gestured. "I had a car bring me. You weren't that hard to find."

"I suppose not, if you were looking." And there was no car to be seen just then. He held the door open, letting Richard come in and bring the cold with him. "How've you been?"

 "Getting on," he said. "I got bored so I stopped feeling sorry for myself and got off my fucking ass."

 "Excellent news, then." He waited until Richard's back was turned to him, and then reached down to adjust his slowly fading erection from where he'd shoved it sort of painfully. "You working?"

"Running a fucking business mate," Richard said with that slightly manic grin of his as he wandered in. "Sisters place huh?"

"Mmhm. Do you want a cuppa? Seeing as you're here." Then he could at least herd him out of the main room.

"Well looks like they taught manners in officers land huh?" Richard was glancing around.

John made a slightly hurried appearance at the door. 

It was a relief to see that he was carrying Seb's t