the left behind Eleanor.

“So, which ones Harry and which ones Niall?” Louis asks, turning in his seat.

“Niall,” the blonde one says, raising his hand a little.

“So that means you’re Harry,” Louis says, looking at the curly haired one who nods.

Louis nods back and then sits back in his seat.


____


“This party sucks,” Zayn states as he, Harry and Louis sit squished together on one of Liam’s couches.

“It isn’t that bad, you’re just angry because Liam’s hooking up with Danielle right now,” Louis says with a nudge of the shoulder.

Zayn, who’s sitting in between Louis and Harry, huffs and Louis watches as Harry places a comforting hand on Zayn’s arm. “You know, I bet if he knew you liked him, he’d be all for you.”

Zayn smiles at Louis, “I like him,” he says, nodding towards Harry.

“Me too,” Louis agrees and then Zayn stands up.

“I’m going to go get a drink, you guys want anything?” Harry and Louis both shake their head and Zayn shrugs before walking off.

It’s silent for a moment – well, not really silent, since the music is louder than Louis’ thoughts. But it’s silent between Louis and Harry.

“So, you like football?” Louis asks Harry who looks up from his drink and stares at Louis for a quick moment before shrugging.

“I don’t know, tonight was my very first game ever,” Harry admits and Louis’ shocked.

“Seriously?” Harry nods. “Well, did you like it?”

“It was alright, sport just really isn’t my thing,” Harry says and Louis is quite offended.

“How can sport not be your thing? Sport is everybody’s thing,” Louis pretty much snaps.

Harry raises his hands, “whoa, calm down, mate. Not everybody likes sport.”

Louis scoffs, “well then, what do you do in your free time?” He asks.

Harry shrugs, “I like art,” and Louis scoffs again. “What?”

“Nothing, it just figures that you like art,” Louis says.

“You know, Zayn likes art, too,” Harry finally snaps.

Louis sits up a little straighter and looks at Harry with one raised eyebrow, “what? No he doesn’t, he would’ve told me if he did.”

Harry shakes his head, “no, because he knows you’re too selfish to care. He said so himself.”

“No,” Louis shakes his head, “Zayn wouldn’t say something like that.”

“Oh yeah? Then why don’t you ask him about art. See what he says,” and then Harry stands up and storms off.

 ____


(4:03 AM)



From: Louis



Zayn?



 



(4:05 AM)



From: Zayn



What the hell do you want? It’s four in the morning, this better be good.



 



(4:05 AM)



From: Louis



Do you like art?



 



(4:16 AM)



From: Zayn



Yeah.



____


“Am I a horrible friend?” Louis asks.

“No,” Eleanor says, stops, thinks, and then, “yeah.”

“Did you know Zayn is into art?” Eleanor nods and Louis groans. “Am I the only one who didn’t know this?”

“Yeah, pretty much,” Eleanor nods.

“Is he any good?” Louis asks.

Eleanor shrugs, “wouldn’t know, he’s never showed me anything.”

“Have you asked?”

“Many times. He always says ‘I’m nothing special. If you wanna see good art, talk to my friend, Harry’,” Eleanor replies.

Louis feels bad. He bets Zayn is an amazing artist. “Is Harry any good?”

“He’s amazing. He drew me once, I have a picture of it if you want to see.” Louis nods and Eleanor pulls out her phone, tapping a few things before handing it to Louis.

Louis can’t believe his eyes. “Harry did this?” He asks. The picture is so perfectly accurate and Louis really feels bad now because this is really good and he was being such a douche to Harry at the party.

 ____


(5:46 PM)



From: Louis



I’m sorry :(



 



(5:48 PM)



From: Harry



I know :)



 



(5:49 PM)



From: Louis



Could we possibly start over? :)



 



(5:50 PM)



From: Harry



Okay :)



 



(5:51 PM)



From: Louis



Starting with me taking you to a proper football game? :)



 



(5:52 PM)



From: Harry



Sounds perfect :)



____


“So what’s going on with you and Harry?” Zayn asks Louis one day at school. They’re sitting at one of the cafeteria tables, waiting for Eleanor, Harry and Niall.

“What’s going on with you and Liam?” Louis retorts.