it was in a horrifyingly twisted way. Sometimes they would go a week or two without so much as a too intimate kiss, and then Morgana would slip into his bed in the middle of the night, drape herself against his back and stroke him awake until he was already too far gone to deny her. Or maybe that had just been a convenient excuse.And then Merlin Emrys happened. Merlin wasn't entirely sure how he had come to be here. In Morgana Pendragon's room. In Morgana Pendragon's bed. Kissing Morgana's naked breasts for a second time – because it was public knowledge that Morgana didn't do second dates. Not that Merlin would call what they had done so far dating, exactly. It was more like frantic romps, or well, Merlin was a little frantic while Morgana seemed all cool and collected, telling him exactly what she wanted which was strangely hot and also a bit of a relief because it kept Merlin from embarrassing himself too much, fumbling around without a clue.He still had no idea what had made Morgana pick him of all people, maybe she just had been in the mood for Irish virgin boy, but what had completely shocked him was when she had come up to him at school two days after their first encounter, trailing her fingers along the nape of his neck and leaning in close to whisper in his ear.''Come over tonight if you want to learn how to fuck.''Having an instant erection was not a hard feat for a teenage boy like Merlin, but for a moment he had been almost sure he would jizz in his pants.''O-Okay,'' he had croaked, entirely too high-pitched, which made Morgana chuckle.''Eight o'clock. I'll have a surprise for you.''Merlin had mostly forgotten about that promised surprise - hardly difficult when pretty much all Morgana did was somewhat startling and also shockingly arousing. Being in Morgana's bed was at the same time more comfortable and more awkward than groping around on the back seat of a car in the dark, and Merlin swallowed hard looking down at her, stretched out on the sheets in all her naked glory and still looking like a queen.''Come on, Merlin,'' Morgana drawled. ''None of that. You don't need to be shy. Lose those pants, so that I can see all of you.''Fumbling to pull his underwear down and off his legs while crouching in front of her, put another blush on Merlin's cheeks and his erection wilted a little from his nerves. ''Look at you,'' Morgana murmured through a devilish smile. ''I'm sure he will like you.'' Merlin had only a second or two to wonder what she was talking about before Morgana turned her eyes away from him and towards the door. ''Don't you, Arthur?''Merlin froze. A glance over his shoulder confirmed the presence of Morgana's brother, standing in the shadows just beyond the reach of the light from the bedside lamp, his face unreadable. Merlin's whole body turned stiff and so, embarrassingly, did his cock.Pushing herself up to a sitting position, Morgana let her hands glide up over Merlin's shoulders and then down his back, all the while keeping her eyes locked on her brother. ''I promised him to show him how to fuck. But there are some things I'm sure you'd be better qualified to teach him, don't you?'' Merlin could hardly breathe when he felt her cool fingers travel down his spine towards the crack of his arse. ''I mean, I could peg him, of course. And maybe I'll do that later. You always enjoyed that didn't you? But I'm sure Merlin would like to find out what a real cock feels like inside of his arse.'' Her other hand cupped Merlin's burning face and turned it upwards to meet his eyes. ''Am I right, darling? Do you want Arthur to fuck you while I make you eat me out?''Merlin stared into her merciless eyes for a long moment before he breathed a soft, almost inaudible, ''Yes.''Arthur felt frozen in place, just outside Morgana's door, although every rational thought he was still able to gather told him to turn around and walk away. That he had to resist and not give in to one more of Morgana's twisted games. Unfortunately there weren't many rational thoughts left at the sight of Morgana's fingers sliding into the cleft parting Merlin Emrys' pale and perfect arse. Instead most of his brain capacity was occupied with images of sliding up on the bed behind the other boy, bending down to bury his face between those cheeks and taking in the smell and taste of all that was Merlin.God, Arthur wanted. Had wanted ever since Merlin had returned to school after the summer holidays, obviously having gone through a late growth spurt and finally able to pull off the sharp features of his face. What had been a weird assembly of hard angles and plush curves was now a graceful symphony that Arthur could have watched all