The couple across from you were stifling their laughter as you shook your head. Muffins and spaghetti did not go well together.

This is by far my favorite title of a chapter so far. xD Everyone that shows interest in my fic in one form or another is a precious cutie patootie. Thank you, each and every one of you. uwu

Star is still my Beta hero. You'll always be my 'snepi'.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"See dude, it's not that bad here."

"I SUPPOSE SO, THOUGH I'D MUCH PREFER A REFINED RESTAURANT. DID GRILLBY FINALLY ADD SPAGHETTI TO HIS CUISINE?"

You snorted and looked at the skeleton. "Spaghetti isn't bar food."

"NONSENSE!" Papyrus was adamant, you'd give him that. "SPAGHETTI IS AN ANY PLACE KIND OF FOOD IF PREPARED IN A PRECISE WAY."

After coating a fry in a considerable amount of cheese you popped it into your mouth. There was no point in arguing with the skeleton when he had his mind set. You had no idea why he thought so poorly of Grillby's. He had claimed the food was greasy, but wasn't most food? You personally didn't find it greasy at all.

"So, you come up with any new recipes?" you inquired.

"I'VE COME UP WITH A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT ACTUALLY. I HOPE YOU'LL BE THERE TO TRY SOME OF THEM?"

It'd already been twenty minutes or so since the two of you arrived. Where were the others at? You picked up Papyrus after work and had come directly to Grillby's to meet with the group. The energetic skeleton had insisted on being exactly on time and the pair of you arrived not a minute late. He'd went as far as making you wait outside for a few minutes so you were exactly punctual. 

"Yeah of course, Paps," you spoke with a smile. "I bet they'll be just as amazing as your spaghetti muffins."

"I PREFER TO CALL THEM MUFFETTI. IT HAS A VERY NICE RING TO IT."

Giggling you consumed another fry and replied, "It's definitely something. I'm sure it'll catch on in no time."

The conversation between the two of you drifted pleasantly. It was late afternoon and wouldn't be too long before more patrons began drizzling into the bar. You were excited to catch up with a few of the regulars, especially the dogs. You hadn't spent an evening at the bar for almost a week; of course mornings were a different story. 

Your gaze lingered on your phone and you barely registered an aqua hand sneaking in to steal a french fry. Undyne and Alphys arrived and sat down on the opposite side of the booth. As Papyrus took the time to scold the aquatic monster you giggled. Group outings like this were becoming common and you really enjoyed them.

"What's up, grill man? Can I get a burger?"

Undyne's vocals drew your attention to Grillby who had soundlessly slipped up next to the table. Not a word was uttered from the monster; instead he gave a polite dip of his head in response. 

"You should make her order take longer; she keeps stealing my fries." You puffed out your lower lip in a mock pout as you joked.

"Yo, it was only one fry!" she protested, leaning forward to grab another. "If you insist I guess I'll take another."

"Fry thief," you gasped dramatically and grinned.

Grillby simply watched on during all of this, the flames licking from the back of his neck to the top of his head dancing in what you came to learn was amusement. Spending nearly every morning near the fire elemental had let you pick up on certain cues and body language. His fire crackled lowly as he looked towards Alphys.

"Can I get fries with ranch please?"

He nodded and waited momentarily to be sure no one else needed anything before retreating. You watched him disappear in the back door, already noticing the shift of light in the room. It didn't take him long to return with your orders and an unrequested bottle of ketchup. Before anyone could question the motives your newest skeleton acquaintance suddenly appeared beside the table.

"Where did you even come from?" You arched a brow as Sans dragged a chair over.

Sans chuckled and sat down. "didn't you get the memo? magic."

"You can't use that as an answer for everything. Alphys, tell him he can't."

"Well t-technically he's being honest?" She offered with a shrug.

"no need to pull your hare out. why would i lie about something like that?"

Narrowing your gaze you spoke, "That was a really cheap trick."

"looks like you had to really pocus on that one bud."

Admitting defeat with a laugh you continued eating the remainder of your fries. The gathering of your friends continued in good fun. Each of you finished your food, though you weren't sure Sans