supposed to, instead using Harry’s own personal hospital room bathroom. He doesn’t say anything, but Harry gets the feeling Louis doesn’t want to leave him alone after what happened with Pete. There’s been a security guard stationed in front of Harry’s door to monitor who comes and goes, just in case Pete decides to pay another visit.

Harry refuses to meet anyone’s eyes, keeping his own green ones on the blue material in his hands. It’s fraying a bit, worn at the edges because he’s been pulling and messing with his gown so much: a nervous habit he’s developed. He’s always pulled at his jumper sleeves to cover his wrists and now he can’t.

He knows everyone in the room is talking about him, waiting for him to react or say something. He doesn’t know how he’s supposed to be acting though, nobody told him ‘you should be freaking out’ or ‘you should be worried.’ He’s sure he’s supposed to be freaking out, but he’s not. He couldn’t even find it in him to be the least bit surprised when they’d been informed that Pete had vacated the premises and the police were on the lookout for him. (He'd spent what felt like hours talking to them.) Like Pete was actually going to stick around after having found out Harry had told Louis; he wasn’t stupid. He’d kept the abuse hidden long enough that should have been obvious.

They’re not talking about Pete anymore though and he doesn’t know if he prefers the new topic or not. It makes his skin crawl and he itches at it a little before he goes back to fumbling with the gown, rolling up the sleeve then unrolling it.

“Harry,” the doctor says. Harry hmm’s a little in acknowledgment. “We need to know if you think you might have an eating disorder.”

He freezes. Every single bone in his body goes icy cold. His stomach churns and his heart rate slows down for once instead of speeding up.

He hadn’t mentioned the not eating thing to anyone because he'd decided it wasn’t a big deal. He does eat, so it’s fine; he was just eating less, trying to lose weight. People went on diets all the time, so what was the big deal if sometimes he didn't eat that much?

“He’s always been skinny,” his mum tries to reason, but even she looks doubtful and worried as she scans over his body, his thin arms on display. This time he does curl in on himself, hiding his arms under the covers of his bed and trying to scoot down as much as possible. He can feel Louis’ eyes on him, but he keeps his own down, looking at the bed.

“His weight is worringly low and he was extremely dehydrated when he was brought in.”

Harry wants to scoff – they did weigh him and he’d gained weight since being admitted to the hospital. The number wasn’t low, not for him, maybe for everyone else, but for him that was just fat.

He wraps his arms tightly around his stomach.

“Well, maybe he’s just been stressed,” his mum goes on. Harry wants her to shut up. “We’ve been going through a lot the past couple of weeks, living off of fast food.”

The doctor sighs. He sounds patient when he speaks, though. “This isn’t the result of a few weeks of dieting; this is something that has to of been going on for a while. Years even.”

They all turn to Harry, waiting for an explanation, an explanation he doesn’t have.

He looks up and shrugs. “I don’t have an eating disorder.”

“Have you been dieting?” the doctor asks. His voice is calm, nearly soothing, but it doesn't make Harry feel better.

He doesn’t think dieting is a good word for what he’s doing, because diets are usually short term, are they not, and his has been going on for probably half his life now. He shrugs again.

“How much do you eat in a day?” he presses.

Frowning, Harry runs a hand through his hair. “I eat breakfast usually and dinner.”

“No lunch?”

Shaking his head, Harry says, “No. I usually study in the library during lunch. I’m trying to graduate school early.” Looks like that ideas out the window.

“Do you ever make yourself throw up after eating?”

Harry freezes, opens his mouth to say no, but then he looks up and he knows the answer is written clear as day on his face. His mum takes a quick intake of air and his sister buries her face in her hands.

“I don’t have an eating disorder, though,” he tries to explain. “Sometimes I just eat too much and my stomach starts hurting, so