mouth burned and he thought he tasted blood. 

Still, he aimed to please. His tongue lavished the gun the best it could, a muffled whimper around it as he rocked forward on his knees.

It wasn’t always like this. It wasn’t every time they ended up in one of their bedrooms that  this  came into play. It happened when Dick needed to let go, needed Jason to take control and the younger man was all too happy to do so. Sometimes it was the other way around, sometimes Jason needed to lose himself and Dick was there to help. Dick just...he preferred it like this. He preferred to be the one who giving up his power.

“That’s a good boy.” Jason murmured, pulling the gun out of Dick’s mouth. A string of saliva stretched from his lips to weapon before it broke and Dick  knew  he looked wrecked already and they had barely begun. Jason’s free hand reached out, running through Dick’s hair before he grabbed it  hard  , tugging his head back so he was looking up at him (as if Dick wanted to look anywhere else). “Tell me what you want.” There was a whimpered response and Jason clicked his tongue. “Nu-uh.  Words , Grayson. Use your words like a good boy.”

Blue eyes widened as the gun smacked his cheek. It wasn’t hard enough to bruise his face, make his lip bleed, his teeth crack. It wasn’t hard like Dick knew Jason was able to be. If he was feeling mouthy, he'd snark out something about it being a love-pat. It was enough to feel it though, enough to draw another whimper from him. “Cock.” He managed to get the word out. “I want your cock.”

An amused chuckle. “What? The gun isn’t good enough for you? Picky ass.” Jason let go of his hair before stepping away, letting the gun drop to the bed behind them. When he stepped back in front of Dick, his pants were off and Dick could see the outline of his cock in his boxer briefs. “Well, you wanted it, didn’t you?”

That was all the permission Dick needed to scoot forward on his knees, stopping when he was right in front of Jason once more. His hands came up to the elastic of his underwear, pulling them down so his cock could spring free. Any other time and Dick would have been more teasing, would have worked Jason up to the edge before he  finally  got his mouth on him. This wasn’t any other time though. Dick was hard and desperate and  needed  to get Jason in his mouth.

His tongue dragged over the underside before he was taking the shaft in his mouth, taking him all the way down to the base. He pulled back just enough to wrap his hand around the base, working it along with his mouth. Jason’s hand was back in his hair, guiding him, his hips bucking against Dick’s face and Dick took it, moaned around his cock as he let Jason abuse his face.

“So pretty like this,” Jason got out, hazy blue eyes watching Dick as he fucked his mouth. “Such a pretty boy with my cock in your mouth.” He groaned, eyes falling closed as his hips kept thrusting into his mouth. His nose was buried in the curls at the base of Jason’s cock and he was  consumed  by Jason. All his senses on fire with all things Jason and this was exactly how Dick wanted to be.

Then it was still. Then Jason was coming down his throat and Dick swallowed it down. Once again, the hand in his hair loosened and he pulled back, lips swollen and red. He was panting, slightly breathless from the previous minutes of being so thoroughly face fucked.

Running a hand through his own hair, Jason flashed that carefree smile down at him, that rare one that made Dick's heart speed up sometimes. “You okay?” He asked, reaching down and cupping Dick’s cheek, his thumb running over his bottom lip.

“I’m good.” Dick nodded up to him. He shifted on his knees, now uncomfortably aware of how his cock was straining in his pants. The subtle movement was enough to catch Jason’s attention, bring his hazy post-orgasm brain to the situation at hand. He was pulling Dick onto his feet, crashing their lips together as he walked him backwards toward the bed.

“Need to be better than good.” Jason mumbled, nipping at Dick’s bottom lip. “Gonna make you feel way better than good.”

The back of his knees hit the edge of the bed and Dick let himself fall backwards, Jason tumbling after him. Their lips were apart and Jason was hastily getting Dick out of his pants, sliding his hand into his boxer briefs. He got his hand around Dick’s shaft, thumb rubbing over the sensitive head and it had Dick  gasping .

Maybe he shouldn’t have been so fucking close from just getting his