, draw this sound out of him again, watch how Chanyeol's eyelids flutter and how his own hips rise into the movement.

 - Kyungsoo, - Chanyeol groans, looking up, meeting Kyungsoo's dark eyes. - Do this again.

Kyungsoo captures his lips with his and rolls his hips against Chanyeols once more. They are both hard at this point, strained against the thick fabric of their jeans but none of them makes an effort to get rid of the tight clothing. They lie like this for a while, bodies pressed flush together, hips rolling against each other creating delicious friction.

Chanyeol's eyes are closed and his hands are holding on tight to Kyungsoo's shirt, trying to bring him closer, make all the distance between them disappear.

Kyungsoo drinks in the sight in front of him, burning it into his memory, the way Chanyeol moves, clinging to him desperately and all the sounds that are leaving his lips - Kyungsoo will never be able to forget this, to forget the sensation of each cell in his body concentrating on Chanyeol, making Chanyeol feel good, making him moan, making him fall apart underneath him.

He takes Chanyeol's hands that are clutching the hem of his shirt in his and pins them above his head, taking in the brief intimacy of running his fingers along the soft skin of Chanyeol's wrists before he entwines their fingers together.

 - Chanyeol, - he groans, never stopping the steady rolls of his hips, - look at me.

He could see that Chanyeol is close, feel it in the way his sobs get more desperate, in the way he tries to hide his moans and in the way his eyes get watery and dark, pupils blown. Kyungsoo wants to watch every single moment of Chanyeol coming, wants to drink this sight in, greedily, wants to take Chanyeol over this line, where there will be no turning back for both of them.

Chanyeol comes with Kyungsoo's name leaving his lips in a shaken groan, squeezing his fingers so hard it actually hurts. The sight of Chanyeol falling apart underneath him is enough to make him come too, grinding once more before a white wave washes over him.

They come from their high together, Chanyeol almost instinctively reaching out to Kyungsoo, leaving small kisses, more of a press of the lips, on his cheeks, temple, jaw and neck, whispering something Kyungsoo can't really register at the moment.

Kyungsoo kisses Chanyeol sweetly before getting up and going to the adjacent bathroom to clean both of them up. They're both gross, sticky and there's an unmistakable wet spot on both of their pants but neither of them cares at the moment, still sensitive, still coming back from their post-orgasmic high.

Chanyeol is cuddling to Kyungsoo's side, hiding his face in the crook of his neck, inhaling Kyungsoo's musky scent, mixed with sweat and sex, feeling heady at the feeling.

 - My parents are leaving for the whole weekend next week; - he says against his collarbone as Kyungsoo's fingers are playing with long strands of his hair. - I want you to stay the night then.

Kyungsoo nods in agreement and kisses Chanyeol some more.

 

__

 

The anticipation of the next weekend builds up all through the week in Kyungsoo. Their schedules almost don't match this week too, so not seeing each other for that long adds up to this excitement, slight fear and undeniable desire that Kyungsoo is bottling in himself.

So by the time he knocks at the door of Chanyeol's home, his skin is already electrified with the sheer need to touch Chanyeol after this short but strong deprivation.

That works well for both of them, he thinks, because as soon as Chanyeol opens the door he drags Kyungsoo inside, pinning him against the closer wall and kissing him breathless.

 - God, I've missed you, - he says against his lips before kissing Kyungsoo again, hungry, horny, running his hands through his hair.

They kiss for some time before stopping to catch a breath, foreheads pressed together and soft smiles on their faces.

Chanyeol's eyes are smiling too as he takes Kyungsoo's hand and leads him to the kitchen.

 - I know I’m not nearly as good a cook as you are, - he says, sitting Kyungsoo down at the table and going over to the oven. - But i tried my best and mom helped too.

They eat the lasagna that Chanyeol made (Kyungsoo says he loves it and Chanyeol keens at the praise) and talk about how their week went. The setting sun colors the room in shades of yellow and orange, reflecting in the light brown of Chanyeol's hair. He washes the dishes, narrowing his eyes at the bright rays of dawn. Kyungsoo watches him from the kitchen table, waiting patiently for Chanyeol to finish with the dishes and come closer to him. He stretches his hand, placing it on Kyungsoo's cheek, and Kyungsoo leans into the touch, placing a soft skin on the outstretched wrist. He closes his eyes, inhaling deeply, taking in this moment in its full glory