and orgasm inducing. All they wanted was to bend her over and fuck her raw, their relationship notwithstanding.

Ginny got up with her head dropped, “Maybe I should go change. You boys don’t like it after all,” her voice was small and like that of a lost child.

James and Albus hurriedly got up and started protesting.

“No Mum, you look beautiful,” James said.

“Yeah Mum, you are seriously hot,” Albus breathed as he took in her curvaceous form.

“Really,” Ginny looked up suddenly, “You think your Mum’s hot?”

Albus inwardly cursed at his slip up and tried to regain his footing, “I meant in a beautiful motherly sort of way.”

“Oh really,” Ginny moved dangerously close to her two sons, her hands coming to lay on their chest. Both boys stood there stock still not daring to move a muscle. Suddenly Ginny’s hand shot down and grabbed their cock, making them yelp, “So your dick’s hard because I am beautiful in a motherly sort of way?”

James and Albus didn’t answer as Ginny moved back to sit on the sofa. Their eyes were transfixed on the hot swinging ass of their mother. As soon as she sat down though, they averted their eyes.

“Well then,” Ginny’s voice turned sultry, “What are you waiting for? Don’t you want to relieve tension in your cocks?”

“B-,” James tried to speak but was cut off.

“No buts,” Ginny barked making them wince, “I will only wait for three seconds. If you aren’t here I’ll take that as a no, but this might be your only chance to fuck this hot piece of ass.”

James and Albus looked at each other with torn expression but in the end their lust won and they pounced on their mother like hungry lions.

“That’s my boys,” Ginny giggled as they started groping her impressive chest which turned into a gasp as James sucked on her neck, “Yes,” she whispered, “Pleasure your mother.”

James and Albus were like mad men as they groped and kneaded their mother’s breasts with wanton lust, slathering her completely with her saliva. James kneeled down and started sucking on her breast through her dress, wetting her completely.

While James was busy sucking Ginny’s breast, Albus moved up and captured her lips with his own. He probed her mouth with his tongue and Ginny opened it willingly, allowing her son’s tongue to invade her mouth. Their tongues entwined together and caressed each other. Albus explored Ginny’s mouth with unbridled passion making himself known with every nook and cranny present.

While they were entangled in a sweaty mass of limbs, Ginny’s hands hadn’t been idle either. She had been caressing her son’s pricks softly. With an expert move of her hand, she opened both of their pants at the same time and fished out their hard peckers. She grasped their shafts and started jerking them off at the same time.

James and Albus had moaned at their mother’s ministration and attacked her feverishly. Albus too moved down and took her other breast in his mouth, making her gasp in pleasure.

“Oh yes,” Ginny moaned jerking them faster, “Suck your mommy’s tits,”

Soon Ginny’s expert hands gliding over their cocks were too much for James and Albus, and they came with a strangled cry. Their cocks jerking, ball twitching, cum flying in high arcs as their bodies convulsed in orgasm. After their orgasm subsided, both of them fell down on both side of Ginny, their heads resting on her shoulder as they recovered.

The thick gooey strands from her sons’ cock had landed all over her dress making it covered in cum, “Oh my!” Ginny mock gasped, “Look what you have done. You have ruined my dress!”

James managed to lift his head and smiled cheekily, “Guess you have to take it off.”

Ginny smiled lustily at him, “You just want to see your mother nude.”

She stood up and walked a few steps ahead. Standing a few feet ahead of them with her back turned, she bent forward a bit and started rolling her hips slowly. Her hands went to the hem of her dress as she began lifting it off slowly, giving them a striptease.

James and Albus dicks rose slowly as they watched their mother’s sexy ass got revealed slowly. After her dress had hiked up sufficiently, Ginny turned around slowly, showing them her completely shaved pussy. The brothers moaned and grabbed their hardening dicks.

“Uhuh,” Ginny shook a finger, “Don’t touch them, they belong to me,” she said huskily.

Reluctantly, James and Albus let go of their cocks. Their eyes were still fixed on the gradually revealing body of their mother. After her pussy, came her firm and taut stomach. It looked smooth as silk. Just below her breasts Ginny stopped and smiled seductively.

“Do you want to see them?” her voice was low and husky as she spoke.

James and Albus