what might have been an affectionate half smile, and then Sheppard's expression was inscrutable again. "Lie down," he said. "Get comfortable and relax." He paused, inscrutable turning into intense and focused. "If the talking becomes a problem, I can always gag you."

The words went straight to Rodney's dick, an electric tingle that shot through him and left him acutely aware of every inch of his body, left him hypersensitive to the rough rub and press of his uniform against his skin and—imagining, surely—the faintest brush of oxygen molecules over his face and arms. He pushed away the emotional epiphany of a kink he hadn't previously been aware of; he'd deal with that later.

"This isn't going to work." I'm supposed to be letting go of the physical, not embracing it, he wanted to say, and, Somehow I doubt that kinky sex is the path to enlightenment.

Sheppard was still intense, still focused. "Lie down," he repeated, and this time there was an edge to the words, and something like steel in his voice and bearing that told Rodney he was entirely serious.

Rodney's breath caught, and a shiver ran through him. Silently, he stepped past Sheppard and sat down, then stretched out on the floor beside the bed, half hoping that the flickering shadows from the candlelight would hide the bulge of his erection and half hoping that they wouldn't. When Sheppard knelt next to him and slipped the headband on, Rodney's heart rate jumped in anticipation of the touch.

"Close your eyes."

He did, but then immediately opened them again. "What does the monitor read now? I need a baseline, some way to know whether or not I'm making progress here."

Sheppard shook his head and stroked a hand down Rodney's cheek. "Let me worry about progress. You just worry about following orders."

Rodney let his eyes close again, taking a shuddering breath and trying to relax, to envision a calm, clear blue sky. It wasn't easy, with Sheppard close enough for him to hear the tiniest rustle of fabric, close enough for him to reach out and touch.

"There's two ways we can do this," Sheppard said. "I can tie you up so you can't move, blindfold you so you can't see, and gag you so you can't talk—" Rodney bit back a moan, squashing down the part of him that was insisting this was Not a Good Idea. "—or you can keep yourself still, keep your eyes and mouth shut on your own."

There was silence for a moment, while Rodney tried to decide whether he was supposed to answer or to keep quiet, and whether Sheppard would rather have him bound or exercising self-restraint.

As if reading his mind, Sheppard continued, "It'd be kind of hard to explain rope marks to Beckett."

Which was, yes, an exceedingly good point, and one he wasn't going to think too much about. An image flashed sharp and vivid into his mind: himself, naked and stretched across Sheppard's bed, wrists bound together above his head, legs spread wide, dick achingly hard. He wasn't sure if it was Sheppard's thought or his own, or whether that even mattered.

"I can— I'll hold still. On my own, that is," Rodney said, and his voice sounded strangely soft and breathy and oddly free of any indication of the tendrils of panic that were twisting through him, tightening across his chest like strangler vines and making it hard for him to breathe. It was almost like anaphylaxis, only exponentially more terrifying because the cause wasn't something simple like lemons that he could avoid, but was a newly discovered part of himself.

Sheppard's fingers stroked across his cheek again, then down along his neck to the collar of his tee-shirt, the sudden touch surprising a tiny jerk out of him. "Good."

Rodney squared his shoulders and breathed, trying to let himself relax. Trying to let himself give in. Touches trailed lightly across a pebbled nipple, skated over the too-soft flesh of his waistline, and stroked down one sensitive thigh. His fingers twitched, but he stifled the dual urges: to cover himself and his imperfections, his vulnerabilities, and to reach out and touch in return.

Sheppard's hand moved away and there was a quiet sound, a susurration of cloth against cloth as Sheppard shifted beside him. When the next touch came, it was not at all what he expected; it was the length of Sheppard's body alongside his, chest warm against his bicep and the hard, fabric-covered curve of an erection brushing the back of his hand.

Warm breath ghosted past his ear as Sheppard leaned forward, palm splayed flat on his stomach, and whispered, "You're doing great." A brush of skin that might have been a grazing kiss along his jaw, and Rodney was blindsided by feelings of intimacy