he moved, the chair splintered into a thousand pieces and he found himself on his ass on the floor.

This was not a position that Rononlocks liked to be in, as a general rule.

He was beginning to think maybe he was safer on some uninhabited forest planet, running from the Wraith, instead of being in this strange city full of food and furniture (and possibly other 'f' things, but he hadn't made a full survey yet) that was all wrong. But he was tired—very, very tired, actually—and maybe he could find a place to have a quick nap before he ventured back through the Ring of the Ancestors.

The first room he found was beautiful, decorated in warm shades that reminded him of his home. He smiled and lay down on the bed, but he couldn't relax because the bed seemed even harder than the ground he was used to sleeping on, if that were even possible.

So he dragged himself back out of the bed and into the next room down the corridor. This room was odder than the other, with a man's image decorating the wall above the bed. Still, Rononlocks didn't care about the room's owner or their lack of interior decorating skills; he just cared about sleep. This bed, though, was too soft. It was a bed for a little girl or a pampered princess, not for a warrior, and so once again he stood and went in search of the perfect sleeping surface.

The third room had many pieces of paper on the walls, each covered in what appeared to be writing. Deciding that this was to be his last attempt, he first sat and then reclined on the bed. It was perfect. The mattress was neither too hard nor too soft, but was, instead, the most wonderful surface he could remember having beneath his body—and that included the hours he'd spent on top of Elanda Jof, who was a pretty remarkable surface.

Relaxing, he finally allowed himself to fall asleep.

While he was sleeping, though, a great ship hovered above the city and hundreds of people began appearing throughout her corridors.

In the mess hall, Teyla looked at her bowl of oatmeal. "Someone has taken a violent dislike to my breakfast," she said, frowning at the wall.

"Eew," said John. "Looks like someone spit in mine. Gross."

A panicked look crossed Rodney's face, and he picked up his bowl. "Someone ate mine. I should have known; you can't leave anything around here without an armed guard. Of course, even if you had an armed guard, they'd probably be the ones who would eat it. I'm going to starve to death; I can already feel the dizziness."

As Teyla was casting about herself for something to say to distract Rodney from his incessant whining, which was actually beginning to push the bounds of her seemingly endless patience, she noticed that her chair was turned twelve degrees from how she had left it. "Someone has been sitting in my chair," she said, straightening it out so it was once again perfectly aligned with the table.

John touched his chair, which cried out to him, a soft voice in his head bemoaning the violation of having been host to someone without the ATA gene. "Yeah, here too."

"Oh, for…." Rodney said. "Is it too much to ask that you don't touch things that don't belong to you? I mean, it's simple politeness, people. This is my chair. It's been my chair since we came to Atlantis. And now? Now it's kindling. Thank you so much."

John smiled indulgently at Rodney. "I'm about ready for bed, I think," he said with a little waggle of his eyebrows that Rodney couldn't possibly miss.

For that matter, neither could anyone else in the mess, and there was a general grumbling that moved around the room until one voice said, soft but clear, "Oh for God's sake, will you two just get a room?" But Teyla and John and Rodney were already nearly to the door, so it was easy for them to pretend that they hadn't heard.

They came to Teyla's room first, and paused in the doorway to wish her goodnight. She smiled at them, and then frowned as she looked at her pillow, which was flattened a quarter of an inch more than it should have been. "Someone has been sleeping in my bed," she said.

"Congratulations," John said, grinning at her.

"And please don't hesitate not to tell us about it," Rodney added, turning away.

The next room was John's, so he went inside first to make sure Sergeant Bates wasn't hiding in the closet, waiting to jump out and take digital photos of John and Rodney in flagrante delicto (which is French for "fucking," a fact that John would never admit to knowing because it didn't fit in with the