maybe foot long piece of curved something. Something that he suspected was wood, or some other wood-substance, and a few leather straps. It was smoothed at both ends. Holy crap. His eyes widened a little. That was unexpected. Great, but unexpected. This was Pegasus birth control? Wow... okay, that was something he could get behind. Looked like it was something that would work for Teyla as well as him.

She turned towards him, smiling while she walked towards the bed. "I think we should finish undressing, and then perhaps you would help me settle it in place."

John had his clothes off practically before she had finished saying the words. "I'd love to help you settle it in place," he said sincerely. He was already imagining how it was going to feel, so hard and unyielding.

In him, and in her, at the same time. She stopped, unfastening the side of her skirt almost idly. "I thought you would."

"Not every guy does," he felt he had to say because there was no reason to think Teyla might not want to move on. "On Earth anyway." He helped to remove the skirt, not that there was much to remove, and it fell to the floor. Part of him wanted to fuck Teyla, and part of him really wanted to do that, wanted her to fuck him, and if he played his cards right, he might get a little of both. Maybe.

Her pubic hair was neat, soft looking, and soft to the touch, and she didn't seem bothered by the carpet on his chest, from the way her fingers were touching it. "On the bed."

He smirked a little and sprawled on Teyla's very comfortable and, for Atlantis, surprisingly large bed. He wanted to help her be eager and ready, and he smiled unconsciously when he considered her stamina and control. It was gonna be good no matter what they did. "What would you like me to do?"

"Lie there and look pretty is a possibility." Teyla knelt beside him on the bed, and he wanted to, and finally did move a hand to slide up the inside of her thigh, finding the dampness he'd hoped would be there. "Mmmhm. That is also a possibility."

John prided himself on knowing his way around a woman's body -- and a man's for that fact -- so he teased her with fingers and then shifted around so he could drive her arousal levels up by licking and sucking her clit. She had a sweet musky taste, and it was flattering to see how stimulated she was even before he really got down to it. His fingers were nice and wet, and the jerking twinge of her hips against his mouth while he sucked was nice, the softer fluttering of muscles against his fingers as he worked her through one quick orgasm. After that, the rest would be easy, John decided, even if his hair was going to have permanent handholds.

He didn't stop until Teyla brought the double-headed strap on up and started to coat it with something that smelled a little... slick and minty. If it was mint then it would most likely burn some when it was in him but by now he was looking forward to that. He wanted that extra sensation, wanted to feel wrung out like Teyla looked for a moment, wanted to feel caught up in it and out of control, and maybe it would do that. He didn't usually trust Pegasus substances, but just once... Just once. "Now, John..."

Now. Now that must be the cue to work the strap-on into her and make sure it was on tight. He found it and after a moment of disentangling from the straps, eased it into her. It was thick enough that there had to be some pushing.

Teyla still looked caught up in it, and she was moving lazily to put the leather thongs in place to hold it steady.

"That feel good?" he asked as he deliberately shifted it around to get it settled inside of her.

"Oh, yes. Very.... Very good." It felt firm, and then Teyla steadied it with the straps, and John almost wanted to laugh, because yeah. If anyone in Atlantis had a strap on, it would have to be Teyla.

He reached around to help her do it up nice and tight so it jutted out at a good angle and just looking at it made him harder than ever. "You look good to go."

"As do you. Do you have a preferred position?" Like it was something he did all the time, but yeah, Teyla already had him pegged. Or, she would in a minute.

He could be gentlemanly about it. "Lady's choice," he said with a grin. Face up, down, against the wall, hanging from the ceiling -- all of it was good to him as long as he got it in the end.

"On your hands and knees, I think." Teyla leaned into him, kissed him