paddock malfunctioned, right before it opened to the public," he's looking at Zayn with glassy eyes, like he's going to cry the tears Zayn can't cry anymore because he used them all up already. "They never divulged his name."



"I asked not to," Zayn explains. "He was a very private person. He wouldn't have wanted everyone tossing  his name around."



"He was your father," Liam doesn't pose it as a question but it sounds like he's asking for confirmation so Zayn nods. "He saved the whole park."



"Big shoes to fill," Zayn replies before going quiet, drawing new tattoos on Liam's skin with his fingertips.



—


"This wasn't here before" Zayn whispers sometime later, tracing a now faded scar that runs from Liam's right shoulder to his elbow.

"Yeah, it wasn't," Liam replies, turning around and catching Zayn's lips in a soft kiss. "Got it not too long after". 

Zayn looks at him quizzically, silently asking for an explanation.

"The raptors were still young, tiny wee things," Liam murmurs, a fond smile on his lips. "Not even two feet tall but they're lethal at eight months, you know," Liam explains. "Anyway, I was in the cage," Liam goes on and Zayn widens his eyes. He remembers the tiny raptors, bred after the first ones got sick due to an error in their DNA sequencing. Liam had been devastated when the three had died, but Zayn remembers when the first new egg had cracked under the lab's lamps and the way Liam's eyes had welled up when he first held a newborn Blue in the palm of his hand. He hasn't left the raptor ever since, Zayn knows that, but he didn't know Liam used to train them in the cage, he never did when Zayn was around back then. 

"I was a bit careless," Liam goes on like nothing. They're gonna have words about that later, when Zayn is less sleepy. For now he lets Liam finish his story. "Turned my back on Echo for half a second to get Delta's attention and little E just launched at me, almost clawed a piece of my arm off." Liam starts laughing then and, not for the first time, Zayn thinks he's insane. He trains raptors for a living so that's probably not a wrong assumption.

"Why are you laughing?" Zayn asks him, baffled. "You could have bled out if she had hit an artery."

"Almost did," Liam replies, a grin on his face. "But Blue literally threw Echo off me and Andy got me out while Charlie and Delta hissed at her like angry snakes. It was sick, man."

"Sick," Zayn repeats and Liam smiles so wide he's basically beaming.

Yup, Zayn thinks, totally insane.


—


They fall asleep at some point, and when Zayn wakes up in the middle of the night, Liam is spread out on his belly, head half on Zayn's same pillow, his arm thrown across Zayn's stomach, holding him close.

Zayn falls asleep again with a silly simile on his face.

When Zayn wakes up the next morning at the crack of dawn, Liam is already brewing some coffee. He grabs a t-shirt he finds on the floor and Liam smiles at him from the stove, handing him a cup of hot goodness. He lets Zayn drink it before grabbing the front of the wrinkled tee and dragging him in for a kiss.

"Good morning," he whispers against Zayn's lips. "I have to be at the paddock in twenty minutes."

"I have to go home and shower before going to work," Zayn replies, searching for another kiss. "And I'm stealing some sweatpants, if that's okay."

Liam laughs, throwing his head back a little, and there's a little red mark at the base of his neck.

"Hi," he says, looking at Zayn like he can't believe his eyes.

"Hi," he says back, a soft smiles on his face.


—


His suspicions about Harry tracking employees' GPS signals are confirmed when he walks in the control room and the technician jumps up and points at him.

"I knew the raptors were just an excuse!" he yells grinning like a child on Christmas.

Zayn doesn't even deny it, he's just glad the only other person already in the room this early is Louis.


—


Zayn drives down to the R&D building a couple of hours later with a genuine smile on his face, still riding the high from the night before.

He gets in and stands by the retina scan, waiting to be granted access to the Indominus monitoring room.

Josh texted him half an hour ago and asked him to come down to the labs asap. Niall texted him too, but Zayn suspects he did that more to try and get Zayn to talk to him again - spoiler