. "They all should just die. If you also wanted to ask me that question, that's my answer."

"To me, it's just not normal" Oikawa’s mother replies. "Gays, lesbians, trans people... I think they should go see a doctor or something... Tooru, don’t be interested in such things."  

"Oh..."  

Oikawa quickly finishes eating and runs back to his room. He locks the door, falls onto the bed, hugs his pillow and cries as quiet as possible.
He is so fucking upset, but he didn’t want his mother to cheer him up. He didn't want to see his parents. He didn't hate them, he just.... He was just afraid that they wouldn't accept him if they found out about Tooru’s sexuality.  

Oikawa wants someone, who would accept him. And he wants that someone to be his mom, his dad.... and Iwaizumi.  

Iwaizumi.  

He just cries harder.  

Oikawa right now wants to hug Iwaizumi as tight as he can. He wants to tell him everything. Everything. He wants to cry into his shoulder. He wants to kiss every part of his beautiful body.  

But, fuck, Iwaizumi surely doesn’t feel the same.  

Oikawa really wants to call Iwaizumi and ask him to come over.  

But, he really shouldn’t...  

But... fuck that.  

He takes his phone.  

Tap, tap, tap.  

‘Iwa-chan ❤❤❤ ’  

And he taps the ‘Call' button.  

"Oikawa? What do you want?" he hears Iwaizumi’s voice.  

"Iwa-chan... c-could you come over to my house?" he really tried to sound normal but...  

"What the fuck, Oikawa? Are you crying?" Oikawa and Iwaizumi were best friends since they were little kids, of course Hajime would know how Tooru sounds when he’s crying. "Hang on there, I’ll be there in a few minutes, okay?"  

‘Call ended'.  

He is so fucking afriad. Just in a few minutes, he’ll tell Iwaizumi about his sexuality, about what happened during dinner, and... about his feeling towards Hajime.  

A few minutes later...  

"Tooru, your best friend came to visit you!"   

"Tell him to come to my room!" Oikawa yells.  

...  

"Oikawa, open the damn door!" he hears Iwaizumi’s voice.  

Ah, he forgot he locked his door. He wipes away the tears, stands up and opens the door.  

"Come in."  

As Iwaizumi walked in his room, he locked the door again.  

"Oikawa, what the hell happened? Who did this to you?!" Iwaizumi yells.  

"Shh, I don’t want my parents to hear." Oikawa replies and hugs Iwaizumi.  

Iwaizumi hugs him back. Oikawa starts to cry again.  

"Are you okay?"   

"No, Iwa-chan, I'm not okay...."  

"Then what happened?"  

"Iwa-chan... I.... I’m gay.... and I asked my parents what they think about the LGBTQ+ community aand the said all those terrible things..." Oikawa whispers. "Please, don't hate me now..."  

"Of course I don’t hate you, dumbass."  

"I love you, Iwa-chan."  

Oh, he shouldn’t have said that. Iwaizumi is being quiet. Is he mad? He’s too afriad to look at his face.  

"You mean, romantically?" Iwaizumi asks.  

"Yes, I’m sorry..."  

"You don't have to apologize. But... I don't feel the same, sorry."  

Sadness. That was all Oikawa feels right now. He loves Iwaizumi so much, he could even die for him.  

"Don't be upset Oikawa. I know, thanks to me you're feeling even worse, I'm so sorry."

chapter 2 was supposed to be longer, whoops.anyways, thanks for reading and tell me what you thought in the comments!


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"It's okay Iwa-chan, it isn't like I wasn't expecting that answer" Oikawa whispers, still crying.

"Should I go?" Iwaizumi asks.

"N-No! Please stay longer for a while..."

Oikawa lets go of his friend and sits down on his bed. Will he and Iwaizumi still be best friends? Or is their friendship over? These thoughts are going through his head.

"What are you thinking about, Oikawa?"

"Are we still best friends, Iwa-chan?"

"Huh? Of course we are, idiot. Just because you're... in love with me doesn't mean we have to break our friendship." Iwaizumi replies and looks at the time on his phone. "It's already this late? Shit... I'm sorry Oikawa, I have to go now. See you at school, bye!"

Iwaizumi unlocks the door and leaves Oikawa alone. Well, he's glad that this day is