the Thorns of Death."

              Alan's life had been filled with loneliness. The isolation that had made up much of his existence had driven him to find companionship wherever he could after his initiation into the dispatch. He had not enjoyed the raucous parties and crowded taverns that the other dispatchers had frequented. After he was attacked by a cinematic record on a routine collection, he realized that his loneliness could serve a better purpose. By letting the records, the very souls of the dead, into his body, Alan could take on some of the pain and sorrow that they felt. He could lessen their burden.

              Eric had not found out until after the diagnosis had been made. He had been horrified, for multiple reasons. After all, aside from being terminally ill, Alan had managed to abuse himself in such a manner while he was under Eric's supervision. Rather than shunning the younger shinigami, Eric had tried to help him. He had helped conceal Alan's actions from management, who might have reacted harshly. What few difficulties had remained in their mentor-student relationship had vanished as they had both come to grips with the illness that would drag the both of them down. 

              "This occurred during your mentorship with Mr. Slingby?" William asked, sounding unsurprised.

              "It did."

              "Your mentor did nothing to stop this?" William picked his pen up once more. "The Thorns of Death require multiple exposures before the disease can be contracted."

              "Eric was unaware of my actions until after I had fallen ill," Alan said tensely. The answer was thin, but it was the truth. 

              Arching an eyebrow, William said, "Mr. Humphries, I have a difficult time believing that you were repeatedly breached by cinematic records while under the observation of a competent supervisor. Either Mr. Slingby was competent, and you are lying, or you are the cause of your illness and his supervisory techniques were flawed. Which is it?"

              The irritation that Alan had felt earlier began to surface once more. "Eric was an excellent supervisor. He was not responsible for my illness, no matter how it may seem."

              "I see." William turned his head down to face the forms in front of him, scratching out another note in black ink. Without looking up, he asked, "Why did you decide to remain in collections? With your condition, we could have transferred you to a more suitable position."

              Alan's voice was confident as he responded. "I wouldn't transfer out of collections for the world. I wanted to keep working in the field. It was... a personal goal. I very much wanted to continue with my duties until I was no longer able. Though, you are not the first person to say that I should consider other options."

              Alan had heard those same words many times before. The difference was that the first person to speak them had been Eric. The two of them had endless discussions on the subject, arguing it to exhaustion. Some of those conversations had been more memorable than others.




              Alan had not been able to get to the chair sitting in front of his desk. It had taken Eric to get him as far as the wall in the first place. Alan was not about to suffer the humiliation of being lifted into his own desk chair, especially not when he was not entirely certain that he would be able to remain sitting in it.



              Eric leaned up against the wall next to Alan, staring down at the smaller man. His face was darkened by a frown as he studied the grimace on his charge's face. There was definite disapproval and a hint of worry behind the blue-tinted glasses that had slid down the bridge of his nose. "You don't have to do this, you know. I can talk to Spears. They can put you somewhere that won't stress you like this. You should be taking it easy." 



              "No!" Alan protested harshly, leaning forward with the force of the word. He choked and curled slightly in on himself as a fresh wave of pain washed over him. Taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes and forced himself to calm down. Leaning back against the wall for a moment, he looked up at Eric. "I want to keep working as long as I can. I'm fine. Really, I am."



              Very slowly, Alan pushed himself up so that he was standing. Automatically, Eric reached out and put a hand on his shoulder to steady him. Alan ignored the rumbling sound of disapproval that left Eric's chest. Offering a pained smile, Alan said, "I just need a couple of minutes to rest and then we can head back out to finish the last case for the day."



              "Like hell." Eric guided him over to the office chair, still standing close even after Alan had taken a seat. Apparently, Alan had not been the only one who wondered about his ability to stay sitting vertically in the rolling chair. "You've got no business being back in the field today. We're taking you home as soon as you