first, it wasn't an altogether unpleasant experience. Kurama was making warm chuckling noises from his place in the Sage's collar as the wind played with his whiskers; dreams and hopes of all shapes and sizes appeared on the rocks to watch the visitors go by with curious bright-blue eyes, and the initial stomach-lurch gave way to a fluttering tingle that made the Sage feel as though he had swallowed a handful of sparks.

But then he chanced to look down, and he looked down at the feathery black mane in his hands. In that instance, all the feelings faded away like colours from an ageing picture.

In the mane of the night-terror he saw faces.

More accurately, he saw no faces at all. They were blank of features. They had white spaces for eyes, white spaces for their mouths, and even though they were turned towards him, they weren't seeing him. They didn't even acknowledge his existence.

With every toss of the night-terror's head, and each strand of mane tugged out by the wind rushing between its ears, appeared new ghosts in its skin.


A circle of turned backs. People huddled in unbreakable rings. Laughter that died on approach then climbed back out of their graves on leaving.


They ignored him. They didn't even try to wound his pride because they wouldn't acknowledge he had any pride to wound in the first place. Backs turned. Blank faces looked past him and round him and never at him.

"Hey, hey…old man, don't let go. Focus. These aren't your nightmares."


Two bodies buried under a sword - one body buried before ranks of men with their heads bowed under a sky as black as their clothes - one body unburied, alone and cold, and un-retrieved, and maybe still sinking away into dark, dark waters.



A figure pierced through with iron – a figure pierced through with wood – a figure pierced through with ice all over.



Eyes that reflected a shape wreathed in flames and the smoke of burning blood.



Eyes that grew wide and terrified and filled with pain at the touch of a clawed hand.


"Hold on tight," Kurama was whispering from out of his robes, and the Sage closed his grip on the night-terror's mane and wished that he could be closing his eyes instead. "We're nearly there."

One heavy downbeat of wings. Black feathers rushing by turned into white rushing water and two stone men facing off in a valley…

The night-terror landed on the ground with a bounce. The images dispersed. The Sage's hands were wound tightly into the horse's coarse black hair. His knuckles gleamed white.

"That's that hell-ride over!" Kurama jumped off the Sage's shoulder and expanded to the size of a small pony.

Once the Sage had slid off the night-terror's back it leapt up into the sky. The Sage and Kurama were left at the base of a black rock spire, facing the mouth of a cave so dark nothing could be seen inside, but for a deep red glimmer, like the sheen on a pool of -

"Kurama, are you quite sure that there's no other route?"

"Well, there is the way through the Sea of Teenage Ninja Awkward Turtles and Jiraiya's Ero-Cupboard of Ero-Secrets – "

"On second thought, this route will do." The Sage stared into the cave and was suddenly struck by an uncomfortable feeling that the darkness was staring back, and laughing. "Are we waiting for something?"

"A hopeless dream," Kurama replied without averting his gaze. "Basically, if you see something blue, start chasing."

"Something blue? Right. That is so informative." The Sage sighed and leaned against his staff.

Kurama raised his eyebrows. "What's up, old man?"

"You know, Kurama, after a thousand years presiding over war, turmoil and countless cycles of revenge and hatred, I rather thought that a grand, show-stopping, stun-them-all-silly entrance into this Story was, not so much given, but owed to me." The Sage closed his eyes, opened them slowly with another sigh heavier than the last, and Kurama braced himself for an outpouring of self-pity. "I've seen fathers failing sons and sons failing fathers, and, then both sides failing to understand why they were failing each other in the first place, and it has happened over and over and over again. It's enough to demand why mankind insists on propagating his species. Fathers and sons are so obviously good at becoming each other's greatest sources of suffering…"

"And mothers and daughters," added Kurama, thinking of the Uzumaki women.

"And mothers, of course. Can't forget mothers. Especially mothers from other worlds."

Kurama shot the Sage a quick, sly, sideways glance then went back to staring into the cave. "I take it things were complicated then? Between you and your sons?"

"