. Simmons would have introduced himself, so it’s probably the rookie. That’s great! Grif can invite the new guy into his room and they can eat cookies together and talk about what a fucking sham this entire operation is! Maybe, at the end of the process, the rookie will have a more positive outlook on life at Red Base because of him, because of Dexter Grif! With these positive thoughts in mind, Grif rolls up to his feet and opens the door.

It’s Simmons.

Grif groans at a nearly comedic volume, and then walks back to collapse onto his bed. To his horror, Simmons shuts the door and follows him.

“Get out of my room,” Grif whines.

Simmons stands at his bedside, looking vaguely uncomfortable. “You— no! I’m too angry with you!”

Grif laughs against his pillow, and then turns to roll off the bed and stand up in front of Simmons. The other man is still in his armour, and Grif wishes he wasn’t. Fights are always better when you can see the other person’s reaction. “You’re angry with me? Well, I’m pissed at you too, buddy, so I guess we’re tied!”

This development appears to take Simmons completely aback. “Wait, why? What did I do?”

“What didn’t you do, more like!” Grif scoffs. “You didn’t tell Sarge you had a plan of your own, even though you knew yours would have been better! Now we have to waste time and resources-” He can see Simmons wince at that and he can’t help but smirk. He knows exactly what buttons to push. “-on his stupid plan, when we could just go straight to yours! Doesn’t that bother you at all?”

“Yes!” Simmons says angrily.

“But not enough that you would, like, even consider bringing it up to him?”

“No!”

“Because you’re scared of him? Or because you’re just so fucked up that you have to be obedient beyond reason to your superiors?”

Simmons goes completely still at this, and Grif hesitates. He usually knows when he’s gone too far, but he might have accidentally overstepped. Something in Simmons’ demeanour has shifted. This is different from their usual fights, and Grif quickly changes his mind about the armour- he wants to be wearing his. His helmet is on the other side of the room behind Simmons though, so he grins and bears it, watching the man for a reaction.

Simmons finally says, ignoring everything else said, “Why do you think my plan was better? You don’t even know my plan.”

“I, uh.” Grif grasps at straws. “You’re just smarter than he is. Probably.” Again, silence fills the space between them. He can’t help but feel like he paid Simmons a compliment there, and so he adds in a patronizing voice, “I mean, not like it’s hard. The guy’s a fucking dumbass.”

With this jibe towards their superior, Simmons seems to relax a little, and Grif breathes out as well. For a moment there he’d been sure that something was going to happen between them— something hitherto unknown. Which is always a bad omen for their team.

“Don’t call Sarge a dumbass,” Simmons begins, and Grif rolls his eyes. “If anyone has the right to be angry here, it’s me! What you did at the meeting was very unprofessional! Even the implication that Sarge and I might be in a relationship was-“

Grif interrupts him smoothly. “Look, it’s not much of a stretch to imagine, Dick. You kiss ass all the time, I wouldn’t even be surprised if you were good at actually kissing Sarge’s-“

With that, Simmons pushes him forward, and his knees knock against his bed and cave in. Grif collapses and can’t help but look scared that he’s gone too far again and Simmons is going to shoot him in the fucking face. Instead of pulling the trigger, however, the man drops his rifle beside Grif’s bed, and then tosses his helmet across the room where it collides with Grif’s, a loud clang reverberating through the room. His chest, back, arm and leg pieces stay on though.

“What the fuck,” is all Grif can think to say, but it sounds weaker and lower than he’d expected. Simmons moves until he’s between Grif’s legs and has one hand on each of his thighs, staring at him with a deep intent. Grif can feel the hot metal of the gloves on Simmons’ armour pressing against his legs, but he has literally no words.

His instincts from earlier were correct— when Simmons blushes, it lights up his entire face and makes the freckles that dust his cheeks so much more prominent. It’s not quite maroon, but. If Grif has the correct idea about where this is