." Zayn intervened, he felt sorry for the way his slutty boyfriend is treating Liam.

"You're my boyfriend, you're supposed to be on my side, not the nerds side, you're probably fucking him too." Louis scowled and poked Zayn's chest, he didn't even let Zayn speak before he walked away, but not before bumping into Liam knocking his books out of his hands during the process.

Zayn sighed and bent down to help Liam pick up his books. "Sorry about that, he's mad I wouldn't let him give me a blow job." He said, Liam blushed, "Well you shouldn't be the one apologizing."

"I know, but I feel like I should ya know? You're a cute lad that's minding his business and Louis shouldn't have done that." Liam blushed harder, Zayn just called him cute.

"Um, well I'm going to go to class." Liam squeaked and scurried off to class. "Wow, I need to get high." Zayn muttered and walked away.

•••

First chapter

Hope you like, but it's going to be longer, just wanted you to know how the characters will be like.

Thoughts on Louis? Why do you think Liam is a stuttering mess around Zayn?

Don't forget to comment and vote!!

I also have this book on wattpad, my name is @zaynsluts_

3rd Pov

Liam scurried off to class because he was already late, he burst into his science class just to see all eyes on him. Liam's face turned a dark shade of red, "Oops....",  he mumbled. His teacher sighed and rolled his eyes, "Liam, here's your detention slip."

Liam's mouth gaped open, "But sir this is my first tardy." He protested, "I don't care, now go sit down before you get a weeks worth of detention." Dr. Stephenson sighed, Liam walked towards his teacher and snatched the slip from him. He still felt eyes burning through the back of his head as he sat down.

20 minutes later, the schools power couple, Niall and Harry came in, Harry had love bites scattered across his collar bone. "Styles and Horan, please come get your detention slip." Dr. Stephenson said in a monotone voice.

Harry was blushing beet red whereas Niall smirked while they both went to get their slips. 

While walking to their desks, Niall smacked Harry's ass. "Babe stop it.." Harry whined while Niall continued to smirk as he watch Harry's ass jiggle.

Liam was in the middle of copying today's lesson when a note fell on his desk and turned around to see who threw it, he seen Harry waving at him signaling him to read it.

Liam opened it hesitantly, it read:

You're invited to my party, make sure you dress nicely and not the nerdy outfits you would usually wear to school. xx Harry.

Liam frowned he finished reading the note, he looked back at Harry to see him chewing his gum and twirling a piece of his hair smirking at Liam.

Liam rolled his, got up and threw the note away while looking at Harry in the eyes.

•

It was now lunch time and Liam was seated with Luke and Ashton. He kept picking at his lunch which was mystery meat, "Liam he's staring at you again." Ashton said. Liam turned to see Zayn looking at him not even turning away when he sees Liam looking right back at him. They both starts to hold a little staring contest, it lasted for about a minute or so before Louis noticed and turned Zayn away quickly to kiss him.

Liam quickly turned away slightly blushing and angered at Louis for breaking up their little staring contest. "Dude, we should totally go to Harry's house tonight for the party." Luke said. "Um I think I'll pass." Liam frowned.

"Come on Liam lets go, don't be such a Debbie downer, it's time for you to lose your fucking virginity." Ashton snorted. "Yeah come on, once you have sex you're always going to want to be fucked." Luke smacked Liam on his back.

"No, I'm saving my virginity for a certain someone." Liam bit his lip, he's saving for someone special and he wants to be sober when it happens and not drunk off his arse. "Like who? Zayn fucking Malik? He's not going to waste his time on you." Ashton rolled his eyes.

"You know what? I'm not hungry, I'll be in the library." Liam stood up and walked out of the cafeteria, he went into the bathroom and washed his face. Who am I kidding, I could never get with Zayn, he's perfectly happy with Louis freaking Tomlinson.

Liam was about to turn away when he hit a strong chest, he was looking into Louis' blue eyes.

"So you keep making goo goo eyes at my man yeah?" Liam