Do you even know what you’re asking of me?!”

                Down comes the whip again, this time on the side of Conrad’s face. It narrowly misses his eye, and the hit feels less steady than before. And, as every soldier knows, face wounds bleed like a bitch.

                Josak’s grip on the whip is shaking. Conrad can already see the regret on his face. He thinks he’s gone too far, he’s retreating back to safety, his heart—

                His heart is going to get away again.

                Conrad easily breaks free from his bonds, reaches out, and grabs the hand around the whip. The fear on Josak’s face hurts him deeper than any physical wound so far, and he opens his mouth to call out to him—

                “I’m sorry.”

                “Don’t you have anything else to say?!” Josak says through gritted teeth, winding the whip around Conrad’s neck in a blur of motion. He yanks Conrad’s face closer, shutting off his windpipe and making him cough. But when Conrad opens his eyes again, Josak is barely an inch away from his face.

                He leans in, and kisses him with bruised lips.

                “Stop fucking with me!”

                Josak shoves him back with full force, and the back of Conrad’s head hits the stone floor with a loud crack. Through the stars swimming in his eyes, he thinks,

                I probably deserved that.

                “…You’re so unfair.”

                That voice so near his ear makes his heart race, and the hand that helps him up is reluctant, but gentle all the same.

                “I’m not apologizing for that.”

                “No, you don’t need to. It’s my fau—”

                “I hate it when you say that, too.”

                Josak pushes him onto a low couch at the side of the room, and pins him down.

                “You say it’s your fault, and sound so miserable that everyone forgives you. You say it’s your fault, and suddenly it’s all about you. Have you ever saved some thought for the other bad guys out there? You’re stealing all their credit.”

                There’s a soft click above Conrad’s head, and of course there are handcuffs attached to the sofa’s armrest. Click, click. Lord Weller finds himself spread-eagled and bound once more.

                “Seisakoku was not your fault.”

                Conrad stiffens up, but Josak gets down over him, running his large hands over Conrad’s torso. His fingers sweep over the wide chest, fingering the wound lightly. Then he begins to undress him.

                “Shimaron was not your fault.”

                Everyone has acknowledged that now, starting from the king. Once Yuuri made the decree, no one could challenge it. That was never the young king’s intention, though, to stifle out independent opinions. Josak could still very well hold Conrad responsible.

                He throws away the torn shirt, and wraps his lips around Conrad’s nipple. Evidently he doesn’t.

                When he surfaces again, he wipes the saliva off his mouth before saying,

                “Julia was not your fault, you selfish bastard.”

                Conrad closes his eyes. That was what everyone always said, and that was what he always needed to hear. But today is the first time he feels he can start to believe it.

                Josak roughly unbuckles his belt, and rips apart the fabric in his way. Conrad’s cock is already standing, and Josak gives him a knowing look as he flicks the tip. A moan escapes Conrad’s lips, and is quickly cut off into a gasp as Josak bends down over him.

                The inside of his mouth is warm and moist, his tongue lithe and powerful. Conrad wants to touch him, get away from him, push him away, pull him closer. He wants him to stop, to go on, but most of all he wants to be able to reciprocate. But every time he tries, the chains clink, and the cuffs chafe his wrists.

                “Josa—aah!”

                Josak’s movements get faster, rougher, and he pulls apart Conrad’s legs, spreading his hands down the insides. Conrad squirms and moans, but can’t pull his hands away. If he could, he just wants to bury his fingers into that orange hair, and never let go.

                The way they are now, is so near yet so unreachably far away.

                Finally, Josak swallows hard, and Conrad releases in his mouth. The cloudy white liquid flows down the side of Josak’s lips as he looks at Conrad, expression unreadable, and eventually spits it all away onto the floor.

                The little part of Conrad’s heart that had lifted in hope crashes back down.

                As expected, Josak is angry at him. But what about?

                “You still don’t know.”

                Josak’s laugh is unexpectedly bitter as he reaches for the lube, and begins preparing himself. Conrad’s heart aches painfully in his chest, and he wants nothing but to slice these cuffs in two with his