say. Is it some natural human behaviour? Are they trying to ignore the ugly past? Are they just stupid? Levi doesn’t know. All he knows is that they are all, without an exception, ridiculous. Especially that stinky bastard, calling himself ‘The Ultimate Commander’, or something like that; Levi doesn’t really bother listening to him. And what drives him mad the most is the fact that he is being admired, praised and honoured. If anyone ever deserves that, it could only be…

“Erwin…” He chokes back his tears. He’s never been sensitive. Emotions are of no use. He is well aware, he’s had several arguments about this with himself; he knows it all, too well. Still, he can’t get away. It’s not like he’s not over Erwin’s death, but his absence makes him feel empty.

Is it because he was always by Erwin’s side? Is it because the time they shared was hard?

What was Erwin to him, anyway?

The first word that comes to Levi’s mind is shelter. That’s right; the two of them were invincible together. But it was more than a battlefield relationship. They were more than comrades, much more than a commander and his best soldier. It wasn't romantic either, it’s nothing like that. It was stronger than romance and lust, which Levi finds disgustingly filthy and superficial. Erwin was much, much more precious. He was Levi’s whole world. His trust was only Erwin’s. The only truth was spoken by Erwin. Erwin was justice. But he had a cruel side. He knew exactly that he can control Levi in every way possible, and sometimes he would give that sassy, or more like nasty look. It made Levi feel surprisingly uncomfortable, but he never mentioned it. It wasn’t unbearable, and who is Levi to complain? Erwin saved him from a pointless life, treated him equally, and, even though he was never told this, he knows that Erwin actually came to like him as a person. That was a big deal, since Erwin never showed affection towards anyone, but him. It was rare, and mostly only at times when no one else was around, but it was truly enough. Erwin gave him more than he deserved. In exchange, Levi became Erwin’s strength and pride.

It should have stayed like that. But Erwin had to be stubborn, and he had to go wandering outside the walls only by himself. The first time he went alone – and alone means without Levi, because Erwin belongs to Levi, and one else; – he lost his arm. The second time was fatal. If only Levi had been there.

“No…” Levi covers his face with his hand, while he grabs the blanket with the other one, slowly pulling it closer. He’s glad he hasn’t seen Erwin die. It’s all good. He’s going to be fine the next morning. It’s always like that. And that’s how it should be.

Still, working under Erwin’s replacement feels like betrayal. He knows it can’t go on like this forever. That man has a selfish motive. He’s weak in heart and his mentality is wicked. He is not worthy of Levi’s strength. But then again, it’s not like his strength has been needed lately. Nobody needs ‘Humanity’s Strongest’ anymore.


I am useless without you.


With that thought, and a final deep sigh, he turns to his back again. He needs sleep. He’s terribly exhausted and worn out. Though, he doesn’t really want to wake up. There’s no need for him to wake up again. He doesn’t feel sorry for himself and he’s not depressed either, but if you think logically, his presence doesn’t change much in this world. Furthermore, other than his squad, no one talks to him with respect. But, that’s just some minor detail from his boring, despicable life.

It’s right after he finally falls asleep that someone calls his name.

“Levi…”

Damn, - He thinks – I told them not to disturb me when I’m sleeping.

Before he could tell the owner of the voice to get out, his name is being called once again.

“Levi.”

This time, the voice is louder and determined. It’s got that strange, almost forgotten commanding tone, which Levi used to follow like a rule. It is familiar, oh, awfully familiar, and this voice gives him a shiver, turning him speechless. His eyes widen as he finally manages to sit up on his bed.

Their eyes meet, and in that very moment, Levi’s heart skips a beat.

“You…” He grabs the cover with both of his hands as the realization hits him. He throws the blanket away, and suddenly the blood in his veins starts