full doctorate,” He grinned. “I really want to become a professor at the university I go to – it’s just such a wonderful place, with a really great atmosphere and wonderful students and staff. I fell in love with it the second I stepped onto the campus, and now I’m determined to make other people enjoy their time there as much as I did.”

               “That’s amazing,” Kyungsoo murmured honestly.

               “You know, our university does take omegas,” Minseok said with a tilt of his head.

               “I doubt I’d have the grades to get in,” Kyungsoo sighed. “But, its fine, I’ll get by without going to college.” Minseok nodded in understanding. “You said you were bisexual?” Kyungsoo asked, trying to turn the conversation back to the Somali.

               “I am,” he nodded.

               “How’d you figure that out?” Kyungsoo asked. The majority of people he knew were one or the other – gay or straight, or had decided on one once they found their mate.

               “I’m just attracted to men and women,” the cat shrugged. “Even if I mated with a girl I’d still be bisexual, and if I mated with a guy I would be too – I wouldn’t just become gay or straight,” he explained as though he read Kyungsoo’s mind. The Main Coon nodded slowly in understanding. “I have been since I was a kid. I think it’s a good thing though – it keeps my options much more open than other people,” He grinned.

               “Have you ever been with someone?” Kyungsoo asked.

               Minseok nodded, “I had a long term girlfriend in high school, and then a long term boyfriend through six years of college. We broke up a year ago because he had to move all the way to the States – and we both agreed long distance would just make us both miserable.”

               “That stinks,” Kyungsoo said honestly.

               “It’s alright,” he shrugged. “But if you were wondering if I had a bunch of partners – then, no, I’m not like the other guys in that sense,” he admitted. “I’ve never been interested in one time things, I’m much more about getting to know someone and being together than trying to sleep with as many people as possible.”

               “Oh,” Kyungsoo nodded. “Then does that mean…?”

               “Does that mean I won’t be trying to mate you when you’re in heat?” Minseok asked with a playful smile. “Yeah, I won’t be touching you,” he laughed at Kyungsoo’s deflated expression. “If you wanted to go out for real and see where it went I’d be more interested – but just getting a boy pregnant and then leaving him isn’t appealing to me. I’d constantly be wondering what happened afterward.” Kyungsoo pouted slightly but nodded anyways. “Does that disappoint you?” The Somali smirked.

               “I guess you’re one of the guys I actually trust here,” Kyungsoo shrugged, looking down.

               “Thanks,” Minseok smiled. “That actually means a lot.” The Somali stood, popping the cracks out of his limbs as he went, and patted Kyungsoo on the shoulder. “And you know; if you really don’t want anything happening during your heat – I’ll just tell the guys to tell the government officials that we tried to make you conceive. They can’t prove we didn’t, and seeing as we have no reason to lie, I’m sure it’d be fine and they’d let us all go home.” Kyungsoo smiled in appreciation.

               “Thanks, Minseok,” Kyungsoo said.

               “Anytime,” Minseok smiled and patted the younger on the head.

               Kyungsoo sighed and fell back onto his side as he snuggled with his pillow. So he had ended up with two alphas with mates, one with a boyfriend, one that was codependent on his brother, a straight guy, an alpha who didn’t believe in one night stands, and two alphas who were actually interested in him. Maybe it wasn’t as bad as he was thinking. Kyungsoo groaned and rolled over again, covering his face with his elbows as he listened to the rare silence of the house. Even after talking to everyone – besides the twins, but they had been off the table from the start – he still wasn’t sure what the hell he was going to do during his heat.

Heh, did you guys really think you'd get through one of my fics without a tragic event/tragic backstory being written in?

Also I'M SO SORRY TO CHANYEOL FANS but if you didn't like how Chanyeol was portrayed in this chapter then just stop reading now because he will probs be kinda mean/rude in the upcoming chapters. I wrote him as a really adorable, fluffy, goofy character in all my other fics so decided to make him the kinda dickish/bad boy character in this fic. If you don't mind that portrayal of him