one day making Zayn choke on her own spit. Liam laughed out loud "god Lou you're going to kill the girl someday" Zayn blushed. And she knew that Liam was into girls she actually saw her um in action? But when Lou said it out loud it sunk deeply. "What about you?" Lou asked. And Zayn's face went pale. "I-um.. I prefer not to label myself.. I um have this thing I gotta do" she disappeared to her room. And she heard an "OW! What was that for!" She buried her face in her pillow.
She really didn't want to label herself because she isn't sure yet, she is into boys but girls! she kissed a girl once playing spin the bottle. She wasn't attracted so much to a girl that she doubted about her sexuality.

till she met Liam. And that's why the awkwardness started after this day.

 

Liam felt it, felt the change. When she looked at Zayn she wouldn't meet her gaze anymore, and wouldn't be in the same room with her more than a few minutes. And Li was going to do something about it she will corner her and demand an explanation because the only reason she could think about was her sexuality and she won't accept living with someone like that. Zayn couldn't be like that, she remembered the look on her face that first day she saw her she didn't look disgusted she looked just embarrassed, shocked a bit? It couldn't be.

 

Zayn just got out of her room, and went straight to the kitchen. She watched her from the sofa at first she was making her self dinner. Ah! Frozen pizza that will give her time to talk she walked in and Zayn had just set the timer and lifted herself on the counter. "How was your day?" Liam started. "It was ok" Zayn said looking at the floor not meeting her eyes. Liam walked to stand in front of her. And Zayn lifted her eyes meeting Liam's as Liam leaned closer Zayn's breath hitched as a hand going behind Zayn. Zayn leaned forward and Kissed her. She didn't expect that! She started kissing her back, she licked her bottom lip and Zayn welcomed that, Liam started licking into her mouth, then started sucking her tongue and Zayn let out a moan. She opened her eyes at that pulling back from Liam panting. Liam smiled at her "what was that about?" She asked. Zayn was thinking a million thing at once. "Yo-you leaned and, and then I.." Liam cut her off "I was going to grab a cup from the cabinet behind you" smirking a bit. And Zayn's brows lifted in realization "oh." The microwaves timer peeped and she sat like that for a couple of seconds till she hopped off the counter whispering a "good night" leaving the pizza forgotten.

 

--

The thing is Liam can't take that kiss out of her mind. How soft her lips was. How she tasted of morning coffee and cigarettes . How her lower lip was puffed from biting it too much. She is always nervous and too shy as Louis said but when she kissed her she melted in her hands, all of that nervousness and shyness forgotten. Well for a bit.
They were watching friends as Zayn was drawing, and Liam was "watching" the show. Zayn lifted her eyes and met hers and Liam just couldn't she grabbed Zayn by her neck brushing her nose with her at first Zayn didn't pull back but she swears she can listen to her heart beats. Then she crashed their mouths together. She pulled her more till she was straddling her. They kissed for what felt like forever. Liam was rubbing her back, running her other hand under her shirt. And she gasped at the touch and pulled back licking her lips panting and she got off her lap and took her sketch book and went to her room with a soft "good night".

It didn't stop. The kissing.. The stopping and running away after too, Zayn didn't give her any explanation. 

Liam got into the apartment one day to the voices of laughter and giggling "oh god Niall, missed you, no one makes me laugh like you do" Niall? She hanged her jacket. "Missed you too" she saw him a blonde cute guy with blue eyes, they were cuddling and she felt hot with jealousy. She cleared her throat "Hi".
Zayn pulled her face up to look at Liam "oh, hi Leeyum" and Liam loves it when she says her name. "This is.." Niall cut her off "Niall" he stood to greet her. And that's nice. "Um we'll just go to my room" Zayn said taking Niall's hand. "A lot of catching up to do" he smiled at Liam and as soon as they disappeared she needed to punch something. Someone. There was a lot of giggles and then a thump and no she