, if only you had the right argument. And Angel was a vampire, something that was sure to be a strike against him in the eyes of the jury.

Then a flash of movement caught out of the corner of his eye drew his attention, and he turned back to see Angel rising from his seat behind the Prosecution table, a half-smile on his face. "And they have to accept the consequences of those decisions, isn't that right?" he asked, trailing his fingers idly over the edge of the table as he walked out from behind it.

Somehow, in a split second, the balance of power had shifted again and Angel was back in control. Well, what had changed once could change again, and Lindsey was good at power games—in and out of the courtroom. With practiced nonchalance, he smiled and leaned back against the table again, watching Angel's movements as the vampire moved closer to him.

"That's what the law is for," Lindsey said, addressing the jury once again, "and what Wolfram & Hart specializes in: protecting people from the consequences of their actions." He shrugged, focusing on projecting an air of indifference, ignoring Angel's increased proximity as though he posed no risk whatsoever. "As a junior partner in the firm, that protection extends to me, as well."

With preternatural speed, Angel reached out, his hand closing around Lindsey's throat. "Oh really?" he said, still calm but with a smile reminiscent of Manson or Dahmer.

Half a second of blind panic, then Lindsey clamped down on his reactions, determined not to let Angel win. The grip on his throat was too loose to cut off his breathing; Angel was only trying to frighten him. As long as Angel wasn't quite prepared to commit murder, Lindsey still had the advantage.

"And how are they going to protect you from me, Lindsey?" Answer me that."

This was how he'd imagined Angelus—the same impatient contempt Angel exuded, but with an edge of madness. Up until that moment some small part of his brain had still been half-convinced that the building's security guards would kick down his door and dust Angel before it went too far. Instead, Angel's hand tightened against his throat and black spots danced in front of Lindsey's eyes; he clawed at the hand, his instinct for self-preservation overriding everything else. Despite struggling, he was lifted up and shoved onto his back on the desk as though he were merely a rag doll. Pens and paper scattered.

"Relax." The grip loosened slightly. "I'm not going to kill you...yet." The blackness faded but Angel's face was still in shadow, his head and shoulders blocking out the light from above.

Despite the fact that adrenaline-laced blood was thrumming loudly in his ears, Lindsey felt strangely cool and logical—almost as though his mind was disconnected from his body. He wasn't sure whether it was the peace that comes from the acceptance of impending death or some instinctive knowledge that he wasn't going to die.

If Angel wasn't here to exact punishment, then he had to have another motive. In search of information, probably, with death by exsanguination the consequence if Lindsey didn't cooperate. On the other hand, if Holland caught him collaborating with the enemy again—and there was no doubt that he would be caught—his blood would be staining the conference-room carpet. It was a catch-22.

There was a third option, though: telling the truth, at least part of it. Gambling on the humanity that Angel seemed to think made him the better man, Lindsey said, "There's nothing I can tell you. I helped you once, but the next time the partners will have me killed." His voice sounded rough in his ears, his throat still raw.

"Which would be a damn shame, since that'd prevent you from selling your soul to them for a third time."

Angel's hand, cold as death, slid down from Lindsey's neck to his shirt-front, leaving goosebumps in its wake. A handful of the material and a tug, and Lindsey was vertical again, sitting on the edge of his desk with scant inches separating them. Angel toyed with the front of Lindsey's shirt, working buttons free one-handed, almost absent-mindedly.

So much for that tack. Angel just wasn't going to give him a break, any more than when Lindsey had first come to him about Vanessa. And that thought gave him an idea for another direction to take the conversation, another of Angel's weaknesses to play on. Guilt.

"Lucky for you Buffy and company were a little more open-minded than that, or you'd be a pile of dust," he said.

Angel shook his head. "Sorry. Remember, a century of atonement versus a day?"

"But you had to start with your first day, and your second and third."