rear. "Well done, girl. Now, remove your bra, slowly." Weiss commanded, retaking her seat on the edge of the bed.

	Ruby carefully shimmied out of her bra, allowing it to fall down her arms and hit the floor. "Thata girl. Now, I think I'll go ahead and give you a different gag. Would you like that?" Ruby nodded, her lips wet from the fact that she had trouble swallowing with the current one. Before removing Ruby's gag, Weiss stood, removing her skirt and panties. She was dressed only in an under shirt, her half hard penis now free in the light of a single lamp. Then she leaned forward, unstrapping the ball gag and letting it join Ruby's bra on the floor.

	"Now, as you can see, your master isn't quite ready for the best part. Why don't you go ahead and help out?" Ruby nodded again, careful not to speak, and crawled forward slowly, panting. When she was close enough that Weiss could feel her breath on her penis, she said, "there, that's far enough." She slid a bit down the bed till she was presented. "Go ahead, dog. Put it in your mouth."

	Ruby had sucked her off plenty of times before, but she was used to using her hands as well. Now that she had been handy capped, she made herself go slow. She carefully took the tip between her lips, running her tongue around the head. She went slowly, tasting the salt of sweat on the skin as she slid the head in and out of her mouth. After a few moments of this, Weiss's penis began to buck, the head jumping out of ruby's mouth at one point. When this began, she changed strategy.

	She began to lick it, going from the base of the cock to the head, often taking it back into her mouth when she reached it. The dick continued to grow as it received her administrations, saliva glistening on both her lips and the dick. Weiss was breathing harder, but kept her commanding demeanor at the forefront. "Good girl." She said after a few minutes. Her cock was at it's full six and a half inch length, inch and a half width. "Now, I want you to make me cum, dog. Use your tongue to make me cum."

	Ruby nodded for the third time, bringing herself up on her knees to better get at the member. She started slow, once again teasing the head with her tongue. But after a moment she began to truly suck on it, sliding it into and out of her mouth with increasing gusto. Each time she took more in, the dick going farther into her mouth until it began to hitch the back of her throat. 'Thank Grimm for all the practice,' she thought.

	As she began to get more vigorous with her movements, she began to taste the precum from her lovers sweet cock coating her mouth. She began to suck a bit harder, and on top of that began to hum, allowing the vibration to rise through her chest and into her mouth, where Weiss felt it tickle her penis. The movements became fast and more vigorous, until, quite suddenly, Weiss grabbed two fistfuls of Ruby's hair and thrust hard into her mouth.

	Ruby's eyes went wide as she felt the penis briefly block her throat and clench. Weiss came hard into her mouth, and the receiver swallowed as it spurted down her throat. Just before she finished, Weiss pulled out, allowing the last bursts to shoot onto her face and chest. her own face was a bit softer, but she straightened as Ruby dry swallowed, making sure she got everything.

	"That was good, dog, but we aren't finished yet." Ruby whimpered a bit, not trusting her throat after the pounding it had just received. "Look at me." She did, cum splattered across her left cheek and the top of her left breast. "Wonderful." Weiss's gaze was lustful as she used her hand to lift Ruby's chin. Her penis was still relatively hard, with a thin string of cum hanging from the tip. "Now, dog, clean it up, but go slow." 

	Ruby nodded, using her tongue to catch the hanging string and then to make sure the stiff cock was cum free at the moment. "Well done, dog. I think you've earned another reward. stand up." Ruby did as she was told, and Weiss directed her to the bed, making her bend over onto her elbows, while her legs remained straight. Weiss now stood behind her, the leash draped over Ruby's back. Weiss looked over her perfect ass, only slight blemishes visible where she had struck the cheeks.

	"You're going to love this, dog." She gave a dual slap, squeezing the prize after making contact. Ruby moaned allowed as Weiss's hands caressed the now sensitive skin. her hands drifted upwards, fingers pushing