built between each other and-

As the automated voice over the speaker called their stop next, Plagg sat up, facing the window. His eyes widened at the darkness of the tunnel outside.

He brought his sleeves up and began to wipe furiously at his face with his fists covered. Adrien jumped and instinctively grabbed both of Plagg’s wrists.

“What are you doing?”

Plagg blinked at him, makeup smeared all over so that the purple under his eyes showed through. “I don't like how I look, I'm going to take the makeup off.”

“With your  sleeve ? Just because it's black doesn't mean the makeup won't show.”

“So? I'll just roll up my sleeves then. It's gunna be hot anyway.” Plagg shrugged, not bothering to pull back his hands from Adrien’s grasp.

Adrien pulled out a small pack of makeup wipes from his back pocket and shoved it into Plagg’s hands. “Then why don't you just buy a new shirt nearby or use my hoodie?”

“I spent too long sticking myself with safety pins.”

Adrien glanced down and saw the metal pins barely peeking out from the side seams of the black dress shirt.

Instead of buying new clothes that actually fit, his manager pinned himself into his clothes. The lengths that Plagg went in his frugality and laziness still caught Adrien off guard every time.

Plagg’s face was as resolute as his words. That's the one thing the model was sure of out of anything else: Plagg didn't say much that made sense, but he stood behind everything he  did  say.

The doors of their train car opened. Plagg was still roughly rubbing at his face with a wipe as he stood up, beckoning Adrien to follow with his free hand.

“Come on, kid. Show time.”

 

Each step up the stairs to the street exit echoed out in the subway station along with his heart, which now felt like it crawled up his throat, every beat almost painful under his skin.

Adrien blindly followed Plagg on the sidewalk, eyes unfocused on the black blob in front of him as he felt his fingers fidgeting on their own.

Focus on something, Adrien; identify it. What was he even feeling right now?

Hands shaking and palms sweating, knees weak, almost ready to give out from his legs suddenly feeling heavy.

Mom’s spaghetti-

Adrien barked out a laugh that made Plagg turn his head to look behind him for a moment. They continued on as Adrien mentally smacked his own head. This wasn’t the time for old meme references.

No, wait, that was actually on track.

He was nervous. He hoped at least on the surface he looked calm and ready, as the song went.

Something bumped into him - or rather, Adrien bumped into Plagg, who stopped ahead of him, and shook him out of his rambling thoughts.

They were on the right street. A few feet ahead of them stood a short woman with thick hair in a long braid and a taller person in front of her with a large coat and hood covering their figure. They held hands while facing each other, raising them slowly between them before letting them fall at the same rate. Again and again.

Adrien recognized this breathing exercise. He looked at Plagg, who was gazing down at his phone, evidently unwilling to interrupt them.

The hooded figure noticed Adrien and Plagg’s presence after a while; they snapped their hands back against their sides and almost hid behind Tikki, who was a full head shorter.

Adrien himself didn’t notice he had taken a step back towards Plagg until the taller man pushed him forward. Tikki now had her arm around the stranger’s waist, guiding them closer to him.

There was an awkward pause before Adrien realized they both still had their hoods up.

“Come on already, on three.” Tikki laughed, crossing her arms.

“Three!” Plagg called, yanking down Adrien’s hood.

Adrien tried to grab for it, but it was already too late. “Plagg!” He turned to his manager, who slyly smiled back. The man said nothing, instead raising a finger to point back the other way.

He turned and saw the actual image of Ladybug before him, still clutching her lowered hood to hide her mouth.

She took a deep breath, uncovered her face, and stuck out her hand.

“Lady Coccinelle.” Her voice was as stiff as her posture.

He stared blankly for a moment before realizing it was a hand extended in greeting and snapped out of his daze.

“...Chat Noir.” His hand shook hers just as stiffly. Not the best first impression so far, he chided himself internally.

They were ushered inside so soon after introductions that Adrien didn't know how to get another word in to break the ice. People started coming up to all four of them, pushing drinks into their hands, and there was so many voices crowding them, clamoring for attention or photos.

Plagg managed to shoo people away after enduring a good minute of it. Adrien