not insane but amnesic. It doesn’t relieve him. But he’s still in a mild state of panic from last night, and at the sight of white robes and the few cries he hears from time to time from the other rooms, he truly thinks that this, and not his strange suicide attempt, is the end of him. They’re going to lock him up, to say he’s a threat to himself and others, to keep him away from everything he loves.

It isn’t over.

The questions and tests are never-ending, and Farlan doesn’t visit him since he left him there. Levi understands. Farlan has to take care of his little sister, Isabel, too, and it still hurts, but the doctors told him he got violent with him that night. He knew it would happen someday, but he isn’t ready to be all alone in the psychiatric ward of a hospital. He doesn’t think he’ll ever be.

“It’s as if I’m remembering somebody else’s life,” he tells his therapy group one day after weeks of having the psychiatrist insisting him in participating. “Or I’m a little kid living in a very bad horror film. I’m scared as fuck to sleep because I fear I end up getting a gun and shooting myself with it one night if I’m not able to kill them.”

It’s the first time he talks and everybody is silent, like he just opened the gates to the world’s horrors. While the rest of them had confessed his fears and problems in pitiful, repetitive metaphors, he just blurted out the awful truth he believes in: that their minds suck and there’s no positive way to look at them.

There’s one man that smiles at him. He reminds him of someone else.

When the session ends, the man introduces himself as Erwin. He has a magnetic aura surrounding him, and he looks at Levi with fiery, blue eyes that sparkle as if they knew all of his secrets.

He only sees Erwin at the group sessions, and the dread and excitement every time he meets him is overwhelming. His name sounds exactly like the one he finds himself yelling in his dreams with desperate, raw cries, but he never can quite catch the echo of the answer. Finding a strange comfort in him, Levi starts to go out of his way to talk to him more and more. He invites him to coffee, for a walk, to watch TV, and they quickly become quite close with each other’s presence. Erwin never starts anything, but he doesn’t reject Levi either.

“You say you have horrible night terrors too,” Levi questions him one morning, his eye bags as dark as his coffee. “But you never talk about them. So then why do you keep coming to the group sessions?”

“I don’t want you to hear them,” Erwin replies without missing one beat.

“What?”

Levi thinks he has misheard, but his friend – he’s started to think more of Erwin as a confident, and maybe even as something more – shakes his head and falls silent.

Usually, Erwin is quiet in such a relaxed, collected way that most people would believe he’s a doctor and not a patient if not for his clothes. But this time he’s frowning and frustrated because of something, and Levi feels a stabbing pain in his chest.

“What the fuck, Erwin, you can tell me,” Levi whispers, although they’re all alone sitting on the bed of his room. He suddenly feels afraid. “I’ve told you everything about me, haven’t I?”

Erwin keeps staring at the silent TV with a silent frown, and when he finally gives him an answer, he doesn’t sound like himself. He sounds exactly like someone who has kept quiet far too long.

“Do you want to keep thinking you’re insane, or do you want to have horrible memories in your head from the rest of your life, and not only when you’re sleeping?”

Levi watches him break apart. His calm façade gives way to a frightened grimace, and he hides his face in his hands, breathing in.

“I’ve been looking for you for as long as I have these nightmares. I only came here to make sure you were okay. You keep suffering despite all you’ve done and I can never protect you, not even when the titans aren’t real. Forgive me, Levi.”

The apology is what it takes to the pang in his heart to reach his head. It’s one painful and timeless moment, and then every dream he’s had connects so suddenly he feels numb for a moment.

He remembers the titans.

He remembers the soldiers.

He remembers the impenetrable walls.

He remembers the blood, the bad choices and the betrayals.

He feels the grief of Erwin’s death in seconds and his own existence being reduced to a walking corpse.

Levi finds himself leaning to