rest of the night to go horribly badly, but to his surprise, it's good. Great, even. Liam doesn't stop blushing the whole time, but after his second drink he really loosens up. He's shy with Ian - starstruck? Not possible, it's Ian - but he lets the girls tease him mercilessly. 

"But the thing is, I didn't know Australia was on the other bloody side of the world, did I? I thought it was, like, in Europe somewhere," he says. "So I was on the phone to Hazza, and I was telling him, 'Don't worry, I can be there tomorrow, you're fine,'" and Harry was going, 'You really can't,' and we went on like that for about five minutes before he realised."

Aimee's staring. "No. Really? No way. How did you not know where Australia is?"

He shrugs. "I've always been shit at geography. Failed most of my A-levels. But hey, I've got other talents." He tries to wink but his whole face squinches up instead. "Uh, though, I have to admit winking's not one of them," and everyone loses it, Liam included.

A bit later Nick and Pixie take to the dance floor, and soon afterwards Liam joins them, and there's another surprise. Nick's used to the awkward shuffle-dancing that most blokes do, and Harry's wild-limbed flailing is in a class of its own, but Liam's actually not bad. Not good, exactly, but not self-conscious, and he puts his whole body into it. He's lost his overshirt somewhere between their table and the dance floor and the way his arms look under the club lights is something else. At one point he holds out a hand for Pixie to dance with him and they really go for it, grinding against each other hot and dirty. Nick tries to pretend he's not horribly jealous, but if the look Aimee's giving him is anything to go by, he's not doing a very good job. 

Then it gets worse: when the song Liam and Pixie are dancing to comes to an end, Liam actually spins her back around and presses his lips to the back of her hand, proper fucking James Bond style. Nick can practically see her swoon.

Liam leaves the floor after that to go and get a drink, and Pix dances back into Nick and tugs his head down so she can yell into his ear. "He's sweet, can we keep him?"

Liam's straight, Nick reminds himself. Straight, and anyway wouldn't be interested in an ageing radio DJ who practically expires at any hint of physical exertion. "I'm getting a drink," he yells back. "All of the drinks. You in?"

Pixie grins. "Shots?"

 

The sound of his phone ringing drags Nick out of his hungover slumber the next morning. He flails around in his thankfully empty bed - he can't quite remember the end of last night but at least it doesn't look like he brought anyone back that he might regret - until he gets his hands on it. It's Harry, of course. Everyone he'd been out with last night would know better than to ring him this morning.

"Mooooorning Grimmy," Harry says, bright and chirpy. Nick makes an appropriately disgruntled sound and Harry goes on, "So, you and Liam got pretty cosy last night, huh? Something you want to tell me?"

That jolts Nick awake. He hadn't, had he? Surely not. He knows better than to snog straight boys like Liam, even when he's completely bladdered. "What are you talking about, Styles? You weren't there, as I recall."

"Ah, so you haven't seen the photo of you and Leemo?" Harry says. "Check Aimee's Instagram. Go on, do it now. I'll hold."

That's ominous. Nick takes the phone away from his ear and fiddles with it, thumbs clumsy, until he pulls up Aimee's Insta. The top picture is one he doesn't remember her taking last night, though he does recall having nicked her giant fuck-off sunglasses out of her bag for a laugh and posed in them, pouting. What he doesn't remember is that he apparently had an arm around Liam's shoulders at the time, and in the picture Liam's looking up at him, caught mid-laugh, eyes all squinty and happy. She's captioned it: posh and becks?

Huh. Well, if that's what Harry's on about, it's nothing. Nick and Harry have done a lot worse themselves. He brings the phone back to his ear. "We were just messing around, having a few laughs, that's all. He's a surprisingly fun bloke