him, Kise could not utter a word. He could only look on at what was, undoubtedly, his own, dead body lying in the middle of the street. He felt like crying. He felt as though he was going to be sick. He felt like doing both, but his body was refusing him. Was it even his body anymore? Who's body was he controlling, if that's him on the floor? Kise let out a scream, one filled with horror, fear, and complete panic, yet no one around him even budged.

Taking a closer look at his body lying in the road, he could see the drips of blood falling down the side of his cheeks, his closed eyes, and his pale skin. Kise could feel himself panicking, yet his heartbeat was not increasing. He could feel his breathing staying normal and constant, even though he wanted to take in deeper breaths. Knowing this created even more panic in the blonde. With nothing left of reality to grasp hold of, the boy knitted his fingers in his golden locks and squeezed, hoping that it would wake him up from a terrible nightmare. But nothing changed. The tears were still absent, the sick feeling in his stomach would not disappear, and the constant sound of his incredibly slow heart continued to beat. Kise was about to run. Run anywhere away from here. That was until he saw the man that was crouching over his other, still self.

Recognising him instantly, Kise loosened the grip on the golden stands of hair and fell to his knees, beside the man silently screaming in front of him.

"...Aominecchi..." Kise whispered next to the tanned man, the blood still dripping out of his mouth.

The man didn't react, but continued to shout silently at Kise's still body. Why couldn't Aomine hear him? Why couldn't Kise hear Aomine? Aomine's lips continued to move without a voice to back it, his brows knitted tight above his tear filled eyes.

"Aominecchi! Aominecchi, I'm right here!". Of course, Aomine didn't even budge, still silent and focused on the boy on the ground. Kise began to feel tears sting behind his eyes, but yet again, they failed to actually fall. The blonde could feel the anger and sadness bubbling inside of him.

"Aominecchi, it's me! It's me, Kise! I'm here!" At this point, Kise's voice is raised, with his body close to Aomine's. All Kise wanted to do was cry, yet it was unwillingly forced back inside of him.

Standing up and moving closer, Kise now loomed over Aomine. "LOOK AT ME! LOOK! LISTEN TO ME!". His voice boomed in his own mind like a roaring wave crashing against a cliff, yet Aomine remained unfazed by the yells for attention.

Feeling completely drained, Kise fell to his knees once more, curling up against his knees and hoping, praying to himself that he would just wake up in his warm bed.

Looking up from his cocoon like form, he could see Aomine being pulled away by a man in a florescent jacket. Outraged, Aomine began to flail furiously, with tears streaming down his face as he struggled his way out of the other man's hold. His lips clearly read the word 'no' at points, but the rest of his words fell to a deaf man's ears.

"Aominecchi... Aominecchi... help me..." Kise pleaded to himself in his own silent world. He felt trapped, as though he was looking through a mirror to another, more tragic world, and he was powerless to do anything but look.

Quickly, Kise pushed himself to his feet and jogged over to Aomine, who was still fighting against the restraints of the growing number of men.

"Aominecchi... please... just tell me what's happening. What happened? Why can't I hear you? Why can't you hear me? Please... just let me hear your voice".

Kise raised his hand to cup Aomine's face, but backed away almost instantly, as his hand fell through the flesh of the taller man, however, Aomine remained undeterred.

"What... what the Hell?..."

All of a sudden, a thunderous noise ringed through Kise's very being, pushing the blonde powerfully forward and almost onto the ground. It didn't hurt like it should of, but instead took his breath away. Looking around for the cause, Kise locked eyes with his other body, which was now being surrounded by other people in florescent jackets.

Slowly making his way over towards the heap of people, Kise began to get a better view on what was happening. Strapped onto his other, stilled body, was some sort of padding, which was then covered by two plastic paddles, wired to a small machine. Everyone backed away from the body, and before Kise could take in what was happening, another jolt of force pushed him forward again, this time making him fall face first into the ground. The impact wasn't