“Hippos.”

Lance turns to him. “Hippos.”

Keith nods.

“That’s...why?”

Keith shrugs. “They’re big and fat and dumb but also super fast and murder a bunch of people. It’s scary but also fun.”

“Like you.”

Keith furrows his brow. “What?”

“Ah- I didn’t mean that! Well, I sorta did, but like, not in a mean way? I just meant that you’re, you know, you seem like the dark brooding type, but when I talk to you you’re so fun and silly. I wasn’t trying to insult you, I swear, I-”

Keith grabs the collar of Lance’s jacket and pulls him forward to kiss him.

Lance startles, but doesn’t pull away. After a moment, he relaxes, leaning forward and kissing back. 

When he finally does leans away, his mouth immediately stretches into a glowing smile. His whole face is bright red, and he’s clearly trying to pretend he’s not freaking out inside. “Oh. Cool. Okay.”

Keith rolls his eyes and grabs his hand, pulling him forward to the next cage. “You’re such a doofus.”
__________

Keith wraps his arms around his head, using his elbows to cover his ears. It doesn't work.

BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG. “Keith? I know you're in there!”

His arms tighten. He knows he's being childish, he knows-

“Keith, please just open the door. I'm worried that you need need help or something, I don't know what's going on but I need to know you're safe.”

Keith sighs and trudges to the door, swinging it open to reveal Lance standing there, fist still raised. He seems disheveled; Keith wouldn't be surprised to find out he ran the entire way here after being brushed off earlier on the phone. 

“Okay, you're alive. That's a start.”

Keith rolls his eyes and moves back to his place on the couch. It's not a surprise when Lance follows.

“Now that means you have to talk, though. What's going on?” Lance plops next to him, close but yet initiating contact. If his boyfriend wants him close, Lance knows that Keith will ask. Best not to push it until then.

Keith slumps forward to lean his forehead on Lance’s shoulder. “I’ve lived here for almost a year.”

Lance nods. “Yeah?”

“It’s just…” Keith says, rolling his head in to rest against Lance’s neck. “It feels like everything has changed so much. If you went back and told me from one year ago what my life would be like, I probably wouldn’t believe it. Honestly, I probably wouldn’t believe it would be this good.”

Lance lifts an arm and glances down to Keith, who nods. He lets it fall against Keith’s back. “And you’re upset because…?”

“Because...it wasn’t supposed to be like this! Yes, I’m okay with where my life is right now, because I have you, and Shiro, and this town is nice, and my job doesn’t suck, but...it’s not what I expected. Even if it’s good, there’s still a lot missing. I wanted what I already had to become good, not to lose the whole life I already had and start from scratch.”

“So you need to make this part feel like it’s your life, and not just some limbo where you wait for it to start,” Lance says.

“I...I guess? It’s not as if I’m not doing anything, but...nothing I’ve ever done so far has lead up to this. It’s just scary how life changes, and then something familiar comes along and you realize how this is somehow still the same life. I want this to feel like more than just new, I want it to feel right.”

“It doesn’t feel right?”

“I guess that isn’t the best way to describe it. The thing is...when I think of the word ‘home,’ I want to think of this place, and not the things that came before it. They aren’t my home anymore, but it still feels that way. And I don’t know how to change that.”

Lance nods and removes his arm from Keith’s side. “Alright, get up. Let’s go.”

Keith startles under the motion and lifts his head to see Lance already standing, extending a hand. “What? Where are we going?”

He has the audacity to wink. “You’ll see.”

Ten minutes in the car and they’re pulling up to a familiar building. Keith sighs, but it comes out as more of a laugh. “Lance, you can’t just