his speech.

“Louis-“

“No, no it’s fine-” he softens his voice, makes it less sarcastic. He hates how petty he’s being, how needy. He wishes he could just be supportive, the same way Zayn has always been for him. “It’s fine, Z, really. Just- I’d rather not be here to see it, yeah?”

Zayn looks at him, and for the first time in what feels like- and could easily be- years, Louis can’t read him, can’t see what’s on his face except some vague form of desperation.

He gives another smile, as weak as they’ve all been that day, and shuts the door carefully behind him.

~

He’s barely in his own room before there’s a knock on his door. He knows it’s Zayn because it’s their special 3-2-3 knock from when they were still teenagers, and he wonders if Zayn did it without thinking or if he was deliberately trying to remind Louis of all the history they have together. As if he could forget.

In either case, he’s never been the sort of person who could turn Zayn away (i.e., a person with no soul), so he opens the door.

It was a busy day. Louis and the boys were locked away discussing when they’d start with album five, and Zayn had been calling LA about something Louis had ignored the specifics of. They haven’t seen each other, not properly, in a while, and Louis feels his entire self grow weak when faced with such inarguable beauty. Even up close, he’s fucking perfect. Especially up close.

“Come in,” Louis says, gesturing behind himself.

Zayn does so, and his movements are jerky, and Louis can tell how fast his mind is whirring, how determined he is to catch all those thoughts and order them into something comprehensive. Sometimes how well they know each other doesn’t seem like anything other than a weapon.

“I just- Louis.”

“What.” He sits on his bed. He hates how this seems like a confrontation, already, and standing makes it seem even more so.

Zayn looks at him, turns away, and then suddenly he’s in front of him, dropping to his knees so they’re face to face. His hands rest on Louis’ thighs, and Louis wonders if there are any situations where they could get rid of that familiarity. He thinks he could hate Zayn, and he still wouldn't push him away if he wanted a hug.

“What?” he repeats.

“Come with me.” It’s said in a blur, words blended into one, and Louis’ eyes clench shut.

It’s a natural progression. They’d talked about what would happen after One Direction, and the future had always seemed like a together kind of deal. It wasn’t about what Louis would do, or what Zayn would do, but what they’d do, as a pair. Louis had always been thinking of the future, especially recently, but not to the point that he was making plans. Not like Zayn. But that's not a bad thing- because when Zayn makes plans, he does it for the both of them.

“What?” he repeats, because despite all that, it’s still a shock.

“Come on Louis, please, I know you hate how they’re working us.”

“Doesn’t mean I hate the job.”

“If you leave with me we can keep the parts you like, get rid of the bits you don’t.”

“Don’t be naïve-“

“I’m not Louis, shit, I’m more aware than I’ve ever been. We could take over the fucking world together.”

“you don’t know that,” Louis laughs, looking to the side, refusing to acknowledge how fucking determined Zayn looks, eyes wide, jaw set. If he looks at him he might say yes. He's always been easy for Zayn, in every sense of the word.

“I do, though, I do. I’d make sure of it, I’d take such good care of you, we could do anything, just come with me-“

“I can’t Zayn, I can’t, and you know that.”

“Why not?”

“I can’t leave the boys. We can’t both leave the boys. It wouldn’t survive as a three-piece,” or a four piece, Louis thinks, but keeps it to himself. Zayn already feels a bit guilty over his decision.  “We can’t leave the fans either, and we’d be fucking massacred if we both did it-" they're still suffering the consequences over the articles about them having to give insurance to the Immigration Board to guarantee they won't do drugs while in the Philippines. The media loves to fuck with the