this man reminds me of Shibuya the elder.

                “Anyway, how old is yours? Or do you have more than one?”

                More than one… “Two, actually,” my mouth says automatically. “One is seventeen, and the other is eighty—” Eighty-three, but thankfully I catch myself. “—Eighteen, I meant.”

                Though compared to Yuuri, Wolfram would probably be around sixteen.

                “So old?” One of the moms turn around, having apparently overheard –eavesdropped on? – our conversation. “Wow, you definitely don’t look old enough to have kids in high school!”

                Actually, I’m old enough to be your grandfather. “Oh, didn’t I say? They’re not actually mine. I suppose you could say I helped raise them.”

                “How kind of you!” Mom number 2 turns around with stars in her eyes. Is it just me, or are the dads looking slightly disgruntled? “What about their mother? Is she a working mom?”

                Jennifer is a full-time mother, and Mother… I smile sheepishly. “No, I don’t think so.”

                “So you have to work and help raise the teenagers? Wow, it must be hard on you.”

                Uhm, moms, your kids are still playing on the field over there… “Haha, not really. They’re not too much trouble.”

                “One seventeen and one eighteen, no trouble? Sorry, but I don’t believe you.”

                “Two boys, or a boy and a girl?”

                “Either way, it’ll be a handful…”

                “Both boys.” I don’t know why I’m still participating in this conversation, but somehow I am.

                “Ah, then I’m sure they run around a lot and get into tons of trouble.”

                Run around and… I can’t deny that. “Well, there was that time they wandered into an old part of the c—house, and got stuck for three days with a nest of bear—bees. A nest of bees.”

                “…….”

                “He said bears, didn’t he?”

                “Then he changed to bees…”

                “I don’t know which is worse…”

                “Should we call child protective services?”

                Ahahaha… This misunderstanding is… interesting…

                “Well, boys will always be boys, am I right?” The first man to talk to me tries to help me out of this awkward situation. “But they always find a way out of it somehow, huh?”

                I nod. “They’re very resourceful and determined. If they want to get somewhere, they’ll stop at nothing, even stowing away in a crate of fruit.”

                “S-stowing away…”

                “T-teenagers, haha…”

                “They sound like they get along well?” One mother ventures hopefully.

                “Oh, yes, very well. One of them is utterly infatuated with the other, even though he once challenged him to a life-and-death duel.”

                Their gazes change from curiosity to suspicion to sympathy. The dad even pats my back.

                “Good job, buddy, keeping them alive this long. Just a little further, and they’ll probably survive to become very… ah, resilient adults.”

                “Haha, do you think so? It’s true that they’ve survived a lot, from being shot at to going temporarily blind and being starved of food and water for days, it’s amazing that they’re still happy, healthy teenage boys.” Even though one of them is an octogenarian.

                “A-amazing? I’d call that a miracle…”

                “What’s the child abuse hotline again?”

                “Shh, don’t judge! A-at the very most, we can only call it criminal neglect…”

                My smile is sort of frozen to my face by now. It’s not called whispering if I can hear it, you know.

                “Maybe we should suggest counseling, or therapy…?”

                “Pardon?” I turn around slowly, to fix my gaze on the person behind that last suggestion. “You can say whatever you want about me, but I won’t tolerate anyone speaking ill about those boys, especially since you don’t know the slightest thing about them.”

                “W-well…” The truth is I wasn’t completely sure who said it, but the way the crowd parts to reveal one very flustered lady conveniently answers my questions for me. “T-then, why don’t you tell us more about your kids? I-it’s easy for us to misunderstand things unless we know more, right?”

                “You want to know more?” I realize it’s just her ploy to distract me, but I fall for it anyway. It’s just that, I don’t get much of a chance to talk to strangers like this anymore, people who don’t know me as Lord Weller, or the second son. And it’s nice to know that there are still things I can talk to others about. “Let’s