two teens had a very bad case of sleep deprivation and eye bags much to the surprise of Uchiha Mikoto.



Someone else's point of view



Uchiha Itachi couldn't have asked for anything better.

His clan has been finally accepted in the village. Possible bloodshed have been prevented. The attempted coup d'état had been avoided with the help of Sasuke's friends, Naruto and Nayumi, the Yondaime's twins.

To strengthen the bonds between the Uchiha clan and Konoha, the Fourth Hokage had offered his daughter to be his wife and a guaranteed nomination to be the next Hokage once he retires.

The appointment had deeply pleased Uchiha Fugaku. His mother had noticed the great improvements, not only to his father but to the clan as well.

Though, there was a slight setback.

Namikaze-Uzumaki Nayumi.

The princess though was another matter. Itachi doesn't know if she agreed to be his wife, but regardless of the circumstances on what the Yondaime had offered, he will not back down on a challenge.

"To be very honest with you Uchiha-san, I am a very selfish person. I don't usually share what is mine." Namikaze Minato had told him once. "But I know a good quality person when I see one…" The Yondaime Hokage smiled at him. The Uchiha could feel the seriousness in his voice despite the cheerful aura Itachi can see on his face. "Prove yourself worthy… And your rewards shall be great."

"Rewards…" Itachi scoffed. "Does he mean a big blonde headache? Yeah, right…"

The Jōnin strode casually towards the Uchiiha district when he saw an unfamiliar visitor. He felt a familiar tugging inside that stopped the Uchiha on his tracks.

Hyuga Hinata

Hinata is of the same age as his brother Sasuke and Neji though the latter started early in the academy. Shy and timid, the pale eyed girl is the exact opposite of Neji in terms of personality. While his student is confident in everything she does, the clan heiress is somewhat soft and kind hearted.

The Hyuga turned to face him and bows respectfully in greeting. "Uchiha-san, a good day to you…"

"To whom do I owe this visit? Did something happen to Jii-chan?" Itachi asks immediately.

"Jii-chan? Oh, you must be referring to my cousin Neji." Hinata said while poking her fingers together. "To be very honest with you, Uchiha-san, I am quite worried about her. She didn't come home last night. She left hurriedly after I told her to rest. One of my younger cousins saw her running away." The Hyuga nibbled her lower lip in worry. "She had an argument with one of the elders who activated the seal…"

"What?" Itachi clenches his fists in anger. Despite the killing intent he released, his expression didn't change at all. To those who knew him, he looks like he was about to kill someone. But to those who didn't, they might think that the Uchiha must be thinking of something important to be that serious.

But to Hyuga Hinata, reading people's facial expression is like reading a favorite book. Her heart warmed in pure joy. She was glad that someone cares for her cousin who is willing to do everything to protect her and keep her safe.

"I came here because I knew that this is the only place where she might go whenever she feels troubled.."

"Hinata-sama." Two Hyugas appeared beside the heiress. "The meeting is about to start. Your father requests for your immediate presence." Hinata nodded in confirmation.

"If it is okay, I would like to ask your assistance in regards to this matter, Uchiha-san."

"Anything for my Neji." Itachi said solemnly.

The Hyuga smiled.

"I always knew that Uchihas are quite loyal. That they are willing to do anything for their loved ones." Hinata muttered silently to herself but Itachi heard it clearly.

"I hope your brother would take good care of her when the right time comes."

Itachi smirked. "I'll make sure of that. But do not worry yourself anymore, Hinata-sama. Sasuke already knows what to do."

A silent agreement was made between the two clan heirs. As they passed by one another, Hinata bid farewell while her guards hovered protectively beside her. Itachi nodded in confirmation as he folded his hands behind his back and continue his walk home.

Yes. Uchiha Itachi couldn't have asked for anything more better. His life is good. He will also make sure that his precious people would stay safe and happy as well, just like him.

Arriving at the front porch, Itachi noticed a pair of familiar kunoichi sandals.

Hmmm.

"I'm home."

"Oh, Itachi. Good morning son." His mother greeted him cheerfully.

"Is there something wrong?" He asks.

"What made you ask that?"

Itachi looks intently at his mother who fidgeted slightly. "Mother?"

Mikoto sighed in surrender. "You'll know soon enough. But knowing your perceptiveness, I think you've