on earth did you find her?"

Dean's expression was suddenly innocent and he looked away, "Oh... you know, I just... Impala had good instincts and we found her wandering on her own-"

"Bullshit." Jet interrupted, "We stole it," he looked Cas dead in the eye, "Impala had the hots for someone else's horse and we stole it. Merry Christmas."

Castiel wasn't sure what he expected but that was almost perfect. "You'll have to tell me the story." He smiled and kissed Dean's cheek.

Dean's face lit up and he returned the gesture immediately, "Of course, always do. So what's her name?"

"I think... Angel." Castiel nodded and ran his hand up the softness of her fur, "She looks like an Angel to me."

"Real original," Dean mocked and Cas kicked him in the shin. "Ow! Okay, Angel sounds good, it's good!"

"Damn straight, it is." Castiel smirked and looked over his new companion. She'd soon be his closest friend in such a crazy world.

Merry Christmas all :)

 




Jar of Hearts World




Running a little cafe shop wasn't always easy but it was certainly more fun than Cas had originally pictured. He and Dean had been in charge of The Jar for just over a year now and this would be the first Christmas they'd put together without Gabriel pestering him for some kind of control over festivities. Castiel had worked in that cafe long enough to know what Christmas was supposed to look like there. Though it was more because Sam had dragged Gabe off to do some shopping or to an event, Cas couldn't quite remember. Regardless of why Gabriel was absent

He stood up on a high ladder perched on the stage as he connected decorations above where the band would be playing. Dean stood below him with so much anxiety Cas thought that he might be able to smell it. "It's fine, babe." Cas called down to him, "I'm okay high up, remember?"

"Tree houses don't count; you're like fifty feet in the air above a solid stage floor." Dean protested angrily and Cas had to laugh at him.

"Dean, I'm fine. I'm not going to fall; you don't need to be so concerned about it."

However Dean did not walk away, he didn't leave the side of the ladder the whole while Castiel was up there. "What are you even doing up there!?" Dean shouted again, this time more irritated than the last.

"I'm just putting up the lights; it'll look amazing when I'm done." Cas responded patiently, he didn't really take any of Dean's outbursts to heart.

"No one even looks up there, it doesn't matter."

"I look up here and it matters to me. Besides, I like my stage to look good when I perform." Castiel sighed and fastened the last of the decorations to a light fixture. It would be beautiful from the stage and even more so for the patrons who sat right in front and looked up. He climbed down the ladder carefully, he remembered the last time he was up high and faked an 'I'm going to fall' panic. Dean freaked out and didn't talk to him for a good five minutes. It was still really funny but Dean's fear of really high heights wouldn't find humour in it.

"Finally." Dean exhaled and hugged him, "I don't like it when you go up there. We're getting someone else to take it down later."

"Whatever you say," Cas rolled his eyes and kissed his husband. "Love you."

"I love you too," Dean blushed a little and kissed him back, all that time together and he still blushed once in a while. Cas had asked him why but Dean didn't answer him straight. It was usually 'I dunno, you're pretty' or 'I just think you're amazing' or something like that. Castiel didn't mind, but he'd like to know if there was a compliment hiding in there somewhere.

"What do you say we get some eggnog and take a break? Michael should be here soon and I want to give him his gift before he has to leave right away."

Dean grinned and looked over at the giant box in the entrance way, Michael's name scrawled on it in several places. "I think he'll love it, I just hope he uses it."

"I'm sure he will, his is nice but a new one would suit him better." Cas walked over to the kitchen area and poured the two of them a glass, a tiny amount of rum added for extra flavour,

"Nothing wrong with older models, Cas." Dean reminded him calmly though Cas could hear the passionate speech hiding in between his words.

"Of course not, how