’ mood. “Dump baby powder on their heads, throw a blanket over them, splatter them with paint.” 

Stiles’ lips twitched and he put his head down on Derek’s shoulder. “That’s not even close to what I meant, you asshole.” He was quiet for awhile, closing his eyes “My dad’s working a double tonight, and I want you to stay over. I want everyone to stay over, but I want to fall asleep beside you because I haven’t done that in a couple of weeks and I’m tired of crazy people trying to run my life.” 

“Okay, then that’s what we’ll do.” Derek nodded. “I think we can skip the movie marathon, if you want to. You look exhausted.” He opened the front door, keeping an arm around Stiles’ waist and lifting him, holding him against his side as he walked up the stairs. He knew it was awkward, but when Stiles laughed about it, he didn’t care.

Theo sat silently, his back against the seat of the couch and his legs stretched out in front of him. He wasn’t really interested in the movie that was on, and half of the people in the living room were asleep. He smiled fondly at Lydia, then stood up, stepping over arms and legs to get to the kitchen. He had liked Lydia for a while, but he hadn’t managed to tell her that until she was distraught, and sometimes he felt guilty for that. He knew he hadn’t really taken advantage of her, but he could have chosen a better time to tell her how he felt. 

He opened a bottle of water and sat at the kitchen table, taking a drink. Everyone else seemed certain that his judgment day was tomorrow, and he didn’t see any reason why their assessment would be wrong. He just wasn’t sure what the Observer was going to make him do. Theo had never really seen himself as prideful. He worked out to stay healthy, because he had a heart transplant as a child and he had promised himself that he wouldn’t let it go to waste. He didn’t own a lot of things. Other teenagers collected books, jewelry, music. Theo didn’t. He went to school, came home, did his homework, made himself dinner, did the dishes, and read until it was time for him to sleep. The books were all from the library, and he just hadn’t seen a need to purchase them when he finished reading one he liked, since it would just gather dust. He never invited anyone over because he didn’t see his room as a place to hang out. He slept, read and changed his clothes there, and that was it. The Observer couldn’t know what Theo did or didn’t have at home, since nobody knew. He’d been dating Lydia for a little more than a week now, and he hadn’t even invited her over. He wondered if that was strange. 

“What are you doing in here?” Lydia asked sleepily, sitting down beside Theo. 

“Just thinking about tomorrow.” Theo put his arm around her. “Why don’t you go ahead and sleep? I’m probably going to be up for another few hours.” 

Lydia lifted her head to kiss her boyfriend. “Maybe I can help you think. It’s about the Observer, isn’t it?” 

“Yes. I don’t know what he thinks he could even have on me. I don’t really talk to anyone except you guys. The only other person I ever spoke to at school was Meredith, and that was just to get her money from the game. You guys gave me the idea.” Theo admitted. “It’s not even like I’m shy, I just don’t see the point in trying to make a lot of friends. I’m polite to the lunch ladies, I answer questions in class, I participate in gym. I don’t do drugs, I don’t have a criminal record. I’m sure I sound really boring right now.” He smiled. 

“No, you sound like a great guy, and one I’m lucky to be in a relationship with.” Lydia reached for Theo’s hand. “We’re not going to know until tomorrow morning what you have to do, and we don’t have to worry about it until then.” She stood up, trying to pull his chair back from the table. 

“What are you doing?” Theo laughed. “Hold on, I don’t want to run over your feet or something.” He waited until she was out of the way, then pushed his chair back from the table. 

Lydia smiled and sat down on Theo’s lap. “Just relax for the rest of the night. We don’t have anything else to do but sit here and talk. Tell me something about you that nobody else knows.”