dresser and closet, then a full sized mirror, a television and a large window that had a seating area on it. Harley dropped her bag on the bed and sat down on it. Her bag held her laptop (that Matthew had so kindly given to her a year ago), and all sorts of electronics. 

“Okay, let's lay down the rules.” Tony said, checking his phone. “There will be no company, no leaving the house unless I say so. No going downstairs to my lab. If you take the last of something, make sure to write it on the fridge. Got it?” 

“Aye aye captain.” She grumbled. 

“Good.” Tony said and left the room as Pepper came up. “We'll start her on treatments tomorrow. She'll need injections and pills.” 

Pepper nodded. “Will it work?” 

“It should. As long as she doesn't skip a day. Jarvis will know as well.” He replied and kissed her forehead. “Hang tight honey, it'll be alright.” 

“I surely hope so.” Pepper said softly.



Chapter 2



During the week before the three of them would be moving to the Avengers Tower back in New York, Harley was given three injections for three days and she took a drink each day. After those three days, she started on the pills. Harley was miserable and irritable and was sick from both ends. Pepper tried to make her sister comfortable, though it was difficult since Harley was extremely stubborn when it came to her health. 

When it came time to gather everything up and take it to the airport, Tony made sure everything was all boxed up and he took it all to the airport. Harley was still very miserable and irritable, sleeping most of the time when they had packed up. She slept most of the way to the Avengers Tower, only getting up when she was thirsty or had to use the restroom to relieve herself. Pepper felt bad, but she knew that it was Harley's own fault that she got into drugs. 

Harley groaned in her sleep, barely stirring as they started going for the runway at the New York City airport. Pepper rubbed her sister's back and Harley grumbled, curling up. Tony internally rolled his eyes, sitting back. “She'll need to get up. We'll be landing soon.” 

Pepper nodded and woke Harley up, though she knew that Harley wasn't going to be happy about it. Harley woke, and was extremely unhappy, glaring at both Tony and Pepper. 

“We'll be landing soon and I'm not carrying you to the car.” Tony said. 

Harley snorted and leaned back, buckling up as the plane made for the runway. The landing was smooth, though she could feel the wheels hitting the pavement. It made her stomach churn. After they landed the moving truck came to gather their things, they went to the Avengers Tower, where they would be staying from now on. Pepper was going to be staying for a while, then she had to leave since she had a company to run. 

It took them about a half hour to get to the Avengers Tower. Harley looked up at it, squinting her eyes as sunlight reflected off of the windows on the high tower. “This is the new place?” she grumbled, getting out of the car slowly and groaning as her stomach churned. 

“Yup and I suggest you behave.” Tony said, getting out of the car. “Or else-” 

He didn't get the chance to finish because Harley put a hand over her mouth quickly and ran over to some bushes, throwing up whatever she had eaten during the flight to New York City. Pepper's eyes softened and she went over to her sister and rubbed her back, trying to ease the suffering she was going through. Tony rolled his eyes and grabbed a trolley from the lobby. 

“Afternoon, Mr. Stark!” the doorman said. 

Tony gave nod of acknowledgment and headed back out to the car to grab everything. The moving van pulled into the front of the building with the rest of their things. Harley finally stood up, leaning against the car as she groaned in misery. 

“Over dramatic.” Tony said as he started grabbing things from the car. 

“You should talk.” she grumbled. 

The movers helped Tony and Pepper move everything into the tower. Harley was given her own room on a floor just above Tony and Pepper's. Harley was given her own huge bedroom with a living room area, a small kitchen area and her own bathroom. The kitchen was already fully stocked with food that she liked and would eat. 

“This is your own private housing floor.” Tony said as he came into the room, carrying a couple of boxes. “You're allowed to go from here down to the first floor, but you're not allowed to leave the tower unless one of us is with you and one is us is Pepper or me. Got it?” 

“Sure.” she mumbled, sitting down on the couch. 

“Now, I'