family, but he couldn’t and it hurt even worse since Lance reminded him of his son who died thousands of years ago on Altea. Everything about them was the same. The way they walked, talked, laughed. Everything. Which is why he secretly picked him as his favorite Paladin. 

Coran’s small daydream was interrupted by Lance calling his name, just like his son use to, with such innocence. 

“Coran? Coraaaan? Coran!” Lance slightly screamed.

“Uh, yes. What is it my dear boy?” Coran calmly replied. 

“Why are you crying?” Lance cautiously asked. 

Coran lifted his hand to his face, he hadn’t even noticed. “Oh, it seems that I am. I apologize. I was just remembering about my son.”

Lance’s eye twinkled, “You had a son? Do you mind telling me about him?”

Coran smiled, “Why of course not! I would love telling you about him.”

Coran walked over to Lance and sat with him on the ground. “My son Latinius, was one of the most beautiful children you ever witness in all the known galaxies. Which I will admit mainly come from his mother.” Coran joked, making Lance smile that darned smile.

“He was a smart, passionate child. All he ever wanted was to help the King, just like his father. Everyday he woke up with me and followed me around the castle, helping me with my duties. Once he even captured an Esuom, since they were infesting the castle, and I was put on duty to help get rid of them. He was scraped and dirty but he managed to capture it. He was wild indeed.”

Lance raised his brow.

“Esuom are like mice, just bigger and very much more dangerous.” Allura answered, surprising the two on the ground, who she joined with.

“Allura, I thought you were training with Keith and Shiro?” Lance questioned.

“Well I was, but one of them brought up something about ‘Boruto’ and how it was better than ‘Naruto’. It got stupidly intense so I decided to join you. What are you two talking about anyway?”

“I was just telling to Lance about Latinius.” Coran replied which made Allura gasp slightly. 

“Oh my, I do miss him dearly.”

“You knew him too?”

“Of course she did! They were practically raised together!” Coran proudly laughed.

Allura smiled, “Oh yes, he was like my brother. We would play together whenever he wasn’t helping Coran. Once, he broke a large rock after I tripped over it. It was amazing!”

“Oh yes! I remember your father’s face as he witnessed that! He was so frightened!”

Lance smiled at the 2. It was rare that he saw both of them calm like this. It felt warm. It felt...familiar.

Allura sighed, making Lance focus on the conversation again. But, it was silent, a comfortable silence.

“You know.” Coran started softly. “You remind me so much of my son, Lance.” 

“Really?”

“Oh yes!” Allura continued, “You both even look the same! Which is why when I first exited the cryopod I asked about your ears! They just seemed different. But then I remembered that Latinius died many years-“ She shut her mouth tightly. Tears threatening to leave her eyes as she turned her head to Coran. “I-I’m sorry Coran, I didn’t mean-“

He held up his hand, his voice wavering, “It’s fine, Princess. We cannot act like it did not happen.”

Lance felt himself go numb, “What happened to him?” He asked quietly. 

Coran sighed, “It was my fault. About a year or so after Voltron was formed, Latinius was a warrior for Voltron. He fought for Voltron, with Voltron. But one day, Latinius was ill and was in no way or shape to fight. But I thought he was lying, since he had recently been missing training and going out with friends. But I forced him to go with his crew. Out to some dangerous planet. Where he...he.” Coran was sobbing. “I killed my own son! He’s dead because of me!”

Allura engulfed him into hug, reassuring him. “They said Latinius could barely stand! But he continued since he didn’t want to dissapoint his father! He didn’t want to disappoint me...”

Lance’s body moved on his own as he tackled the sobbing man to the floor. “Coran! It’s not your fault. It was never your fault. You didn’t know!” Lance was crying himself, he couldn’t bare seeing Coran this way. 

Lance’s hug didn’t make Coran any better. It just reminded him so much. He wrapped his arms around Lance and sobbed into his shoulder, “I’m so sorry Latinius, my beautiful son...Look what I did to you.”

It felt like hours as they held eachother, and sobbing