with his tongue. “Got me there. Why did ya help him?”

Zayn took another drag from his cigarette without taking his eyes off Niall, before throwing it away from him, ember hitting his nail. He found it oddly hard to focus on smoking with this man next to him. He released the breath slowly, brow furrowed. “Why didn't you?”

A shrug. “I'm not as nice.” 

“He's your friend.” 

Niall shook his head, another laugh pulling past his lips. “I don't have friends.”

“Then, why are you bothering to talk to me?” 

“Why d'ya ask so many questions?”

“Why do you?”

Another laugh, and his lips pulled up slightly, a curl of a smile. “Point taken,” the blonde tacked on, sliding his palms over the front of his shorts. 

It got cold at night, and he shivered at the thought of sleeping without his legs covered. “Are you not cold?” He asked, eyebrows raised. 

“There ya go with the questions, again.” Niall smirked, still looking at him.

He dropped his eyes down to his lap, the smile growing an inch. “Sorry.”

 

 

 

Zayn didn't know how many days had gone by, but him and Niall were on watch, sat on top of the hill, while the others slept around the bank. They've gotten on well, much to Harry's discomfort. Telling him that he shouldn't put that much trust into Niall; he was unhinged. He had frowned at the younger lad, but Harry seemed so absorbed in Liam that he hadn't really noticed. It wasn't hard to see what was happening. After asking Liam, he found out that Sophia wasn't in fact his girlfriend, but just a friend from back home. He reported that back to Harry, who gave him a nod, but by the hint of dimples, he knew he was pleased. Harry still remained a great leader despite everything, but, he couldn't really say their leader anymore, because there was Niall, too. Him and Harry butted head's a lot, which occasionally ended in blood smeared under noses and the bruising of a cheekbone.

He was currently watching Niall tongue at the split on his lip, shotgun secured between his hands, a frown on his face. His eyelids drooped, and Zayn could tell he was exhausted.

“You can go to bed if you want? I'm pretty sure I've got it covered for the night.” 

Niall's head turned to him, eyebrow cocked up. “Ya trying to get rid of me?” 

He shook his own, because he definitely wouldn't do that. And, maybe he shook his head a little too hard, because Niall's lips were twitching towards a smirk. 

“Just thought you might be tired. You did a lot of trekking.” 

Niall, John, Josh and Stan had all gone out hunting, taking knives and axes, guns holstered, in case it drew attention to them. To both the infected, and other people. They hadn't returned with much: a couple of rabbits and a small deer. To say Red had a field day skinning them all was an understatement; he'd had to walk away, finding it all too disturbing. Which was a strange thing to feel in an apocalypse. It kept him grounded, though. To know that he wasn't that different. 

Blue eyes narrowed on him, before he was shifting further in his direction. “You're so strange, ya know tha'?”

He pursed his lips, fingers linking together as he swallowed. “You're strange, too.”

Niall laughed, a deep and quiet little noise in the back of his throat, tongue sliding over his bottom lip once again. “People seem to tink' that I've gone crazy. Got a screw loose.” 

Zayn stretched his fingers, pushing them upwards to create a skin tight arch, eyes locking on the creases of his hands. “Why?” 

Another laugh, a less humorous one, and more sinister; like on the motorway. “'Cause I'm really good at killin' zombies.”

 

 

 

Niall wasn't wrong when he said he was really good. He was amazing at it. He should have felt that jolt of disgust in his stomach, but he only found himself to be entranced. A few of the infected had entered through the field, and the blonde had been quick on his feet to strike, Josh and Louis in pursuit. It was nerve wrecking, to watch the three of them volunteer, Eleanor clutching at one of his arms as they watched them head down the bank and towards the more secluded area of trees. His eyes were drawn to the golf club that Niall had pulled out from the back of his truck, whistling a tune as he examined each. His face had burned slightly as he'd been shot a wink, before the blonde had slung it over his shoulder. It was almost frightening how easily the