Koutarou proceeded with taking the prints.

 He was alone in the laboratory, which was normally reserved as Takahiro Hanamaki’s workplace. But since he was out of town and they lacked any other help, Koutarou had nothing against doing a bit of dirty work. He rolled up the sleeves of the white medical apron more securely over his elbows and leaned over the bloodied device, gently spinning the handle of the brush between his thumb and pointer finger and making the light hairs dance over its surface. They spread the powder between the crusted streaks of blood and by the time Koutarou was done he could see the perfect outlines of a thumb across the display of the phone.

 Grinning proudly to himself he took a piece of transparent tape from the same kit he had taken the brush and powder. He gently separated the two parts of the tape and carefully stuck one over the phone. He slicked it down with a finger before pulling it up and again sticking the two parts of the tape together, trapping the grayish print of a thumb between them. Koutarou hoped it was the print of their murderer and Morisuke’s possible kidnapper.  

 After the gentle work was done, Koutarou decided to see if there were any matches of the print in their database. Unlike the bases in the American serials like CSI, the Japanese system held less results due to the little crime occurring. Koutarou didn’t know if he would get anywhere with the print, especially if it belonged to a new homicidal maniac who roamed the streets, but he hoped he would. He scanned the fingerprint and loaded it up in the system to search for matches. After that all he could do was lean back in Takahiro’s chair and wait until anything came up. And God, did he have to wait.

 As a person of action, Koutarou had trouble sitting in front of the computer in the sterile, cold laboratory. Surely enough he began to feel watched, with no one around him. He had no idea how Takahiro spent his whole day behind the little desk in the front of the laboratory. Maybe it was the promise of possible visits by Matsukawa that kept him in place. But unlike him, Koutarou had little to no motivation to do the same.

 A little over fifteen minutes later, the monitor of the computer flashed green. There was finally a found match.

 Koutarou printed the page, taking off the medical apron he had on while the printer did its magic, and once it was out, he ran up stairs to the floor of the unit. To his luck, he found Tetsurou and Lev already there.

 “There was a match.” he told them, giving Tetsurou the page with the results he had printed, “The prints belong to Kurashiki Makoto. Supposedly thirty five eyes old and living in Setagaya. But there’s a little oddity that bothers me about her entire profile…”

 Tetsurou noticed the little oddity instantly, “It says that Kurashiki Makoto died in under doubtful circumstances two years ago…”

 “But then whose are the prints on Yaku-san’s phone if she’s dead?” asked Lev, leaning over Tetsurou’s shoulder to look at the printed paper, “Surely she’s not a zombie is she?”

 “It’s way past Halloween for this…” groaned Tetsurou.

 “I have a feeling that Halloween’s just starting for us.” Koutarou sighed, “I got a call from the coroner, Sakunami. He said he’s about finished with the body and wants someone to pass by the morgue.”

 “Lev and I are going, I want him to see the body and give us thoughts.” Tetsurou didn’t have to look up at Lev for his approval. For a long while Lev would be down with everything he said. “Did the evidence from the scene come in?”

 Koutarou nodded. “Fukunaga and Inuoka are doing the work. But they’ll surely get something that would need to be analyzed in the laboratory and who’ll do the work? I’m not that capable.”

 “Makki’s coming back tomorrow, we won’t need any results for now. Let’s just work on identifying the victim and find this Kurashiki, because there’s no way she’s dead if she’s been on that scene.”

 Orders given, Tetsurou left Koutarou in the department and left for the morgue with Lev.

 There was once a time where they had been used to seeing Hanamaki towering over any corpse in the chilly morgue, but today the one doing the job for him was the young medic Kousuke Sakunami. It wasn’t like he didn’t understand of his work; he did it with practiced ease even. He was the only fresh thing in the morgue and the only person who managed to function this late without coffee. So it was no surprise for Tetsurou when he saw him waiting for them patiently at his work place.

 The morgue was a sterile room, cold to preserve the latest patients of Dr. Sakunami. In this case the latest patient. The young doctor looked like he had hit the jackpot and Tetsurou wondered how he could look at the skinned face of the