thought that when it came to this – if they ever got this far – that he'd be relieved. He's not. He's numb.

He puts a shaking hand on Lydia's back, and she leans into him, her hair blowing gently across his chin in the faint breeze. He smoothes it and tucks it behind her ear, an automatic gesture so out of the past, so normal and happy that both of them wince, even though he’s never done that before, not with her. And then Derek says, with the intensity Stiles has forgotten he’s capable of, "Shit."

In one step he's at Stiles' side, grabbing his wrist, and he just says, "Now." Stiles doesn't have time to even nod before he feels sharp teeth snap through his skin, slicing tendons, biting into bone with Derek’s urgency. He cries out, can't help it, and Lydia curls into him, holds her arm out next, even though all of them know she won't survive it this time. They have no choice. Stiles more hears than sees it happen in the dim light, the crunching sound sinking into his memory as he clutches her close to him, and then they're all hurtling down the steep slope, faster than he would have thought possible. He keeps his feet somehow, miraculously, some strange luck helping him stay upright, and he knows that werewolf powers don't kick in this fast but he burned through all his adrenaline ages ago and he'll take whatever this is, whatever he can get.

Derek is a dozen steps ahead of them when he splashes into the cold water up to his knees, hands outstretched for them, and when they reach him Stiles smears the talisman roughly over his own bite, over Lydia's as she writhes in pain, and then over Derek's proffered arm, newly bitten as they splashed to him, seconds ago.

He takes it from Stiles, claws cutting in his rush, and hurls it as far as he can into the center of the lake, none of them knowing how far it needs to go, if three is really enough, if it even counts when they’re only just bitten and one of them is immune and already fainting in Stiles' arms as it poisons her more with every heartbeat.

And then, nothing. Pain. Darkness – the moon is hidden again, lingering behind the tree-lined ridge behind them. Desperate breaths and desperate pleas for Lydia to hold on, hold on, please Lydia, not now, come on, please Lydia, PLEASE. Derek standing so still that Stiles looks up and wildly thinks, as he's never thought through all of this, not when everyone was dying around him, that he's alone, that no one else is going to be left. He chokes, and Derek hears, understands, because his red eyes glow at Stiles suddenly, and his soft growl echoes between them. Stiles breathes. He's not alone.

They both look to the ridge, waiting to see, to hear, to smell. Nothing.

"Did it work?"

Derek shakes his head. He doesn’t know yet.

Stiles can’t stand upright anymore, so he lays Lydia down in the water, sits with her in his arms like he'd sat with Scott, brushes her hair back from her strangely peaceful face. She's still breathing, but shallowly. Her pale white arm has fallen away from him, lake water just lapping the bite mark, brutally torn into her soft flesh and already going black and rotten from whatever it is that Lydia is, from whatever wants her dead more than it wants her to be a wolf. He wishes he already had the power to take pain away. He knows now it's the only thing he might have been able to save her from.


Not Lydia.


He rubs his thumb over her cheek, still red from running but icy-cold now, and he watches as her chest slows, as it stutters. He whispers, "We love you, Lydia," just before it stops, and he hopes she hears him, hopes she knows he means everyone. He wishes he knew how to believe in anything that might mean they're all together now. He wishes that the thought of them all together again without him didn't make his chest ache worse than when it had been bursting just a moment ago, after miles and miles of running.

Derek still hasn't moved. They wait.

Stiles closes his eyes to Lydia’s still, dead face and hopes, though he's lost track of what to hope for, lost that a long time ago. For longer than he can remember it's just been hoping to make it to the next step, hoping to survive each new disaster, hoping someone was left to bury the friends they left behind.

Hoping the burning hasn't consumed them the way it's consumed so much.

Stiles raises his head from Lydia's limp form,