hand resting there, weighing down on his hand. It felt.. skeletal? Or at least something similar, with some of the middle missing. He shuddered. It was definitely cold- much colder than anything he’d even experienced in Snowden. The intensity of it made Grillby’s flames flicker in excitement. 

The fingers suddenly curled around his and squeezed, which was a much more solid touch than he’d just experienced. He’d never really felt anything like this before and his head was in a whirl. He was a being of magic, not matter, and nothing had been able to make contact so… firm. Grillby had to lean his weight on the counter for support. He squeezed the hand back testingly, expecting to pass right through it. No.. no, he didn’t. A thumb gently brushed the back of his hand…

Grillby would’ve fainted right then and there if the ring of the door’s little entrance bell didn't interrupt his thoughts. The hand retreated just as he pulled his away, standing up straight and regaining his composure. He finished straightening his vest just as Sans reached the bar to take a seat.

“Hey bud,” the little skeleton man was grinning, suspicious and/or tired as usual, “Two orders of fries, please.”

Grillby didn't even ask why he needed two if there was only one Sans. He just retrieved the order, returning with no less than two bottles of ketchup.

“Thanks.” Sans took no time in immediately squeezing the ketchup directly into his mouth, no fries to accompany it. “Got some business back, huh? Ever found out what happened?”

He got a simple shrug in response. “Didn't pay the heating bill..” A good enough excuse. Sans didn't believe him, of course, and Grillby knew this. But neither of them would say anything about it. The skeleton nodded, practically shoveling fries into his mouth.

He picked up another glass and the cleaning rag, gently wiping away whatever dust was in it. For the rest of the evening, he could feel something occasionally tugging at his shoulder.

 

-*-*-*-*-*-*-

 

Once the last monster was out of the bar, Grillby got around to cleaning up, piling dishes in the back and sweeping the dust out of the front door. He had felt the presence lingering around a little stronger than usual this time, mostly near him. It had stopped making the area so chilly and somehow managed to fill it with a cool energy. He wondered if it was happy, mad, or something else entirely. 

He was still so buzzed about the hand that any other questions hadn’t really registered yet. Important ones like if this thing was dangerous, and what it even was in the first place. All he knew so far was that it could touch him.. and it was brought here by Sans. Something about that last bit made him wonder if the small skeleton was up to something.

Grillby halted his sweeping as something flickered in his peripherals. He looked up, glancing around. Nothing. He continued, closing and locking the front door once he was done. It began warming up in the pub again once the frigid winds were shut out. He hung up the broom, returning to the back kitchen once more. No one else ever worked back here, but he didn’t serve up much food except for fries and the occasional burger. He liked the cooking; it was something to do with his time.

He rolled up his sleeves, looking around to decide on his next chore. He took a step forward, only to immediately run right into an invisible wall in front of him. Grillby scrambled back, raising his hands up. “Wh-!” He looked up, only to be greeted by a flickering image of what he could only assume was another monster. It was black, hulking figure, towering over him by at least a foot. It was hard to make out with how bad the figure was flickering in and out of view, but he could at least see two large hands… and a face. A long, forlorn face that stared right at him. This must’ve been it. This was the monster he hadn’t been able to see.

The flickering stopped just long enough to see the full figure before it vanished once more. Grillby had taken a few more steps back, a hand gripped over where his heart would be if he physically had one. It was completely silent for a good minute, the only sounds were the gentle crackle of Grillby’s flames and a distant, static breathing.

A voice reached out, finally clear enough to hear.

 

"̢̹́̂H̝̰͋̈e̼͚͊̈́l̙̫͋̀ḷ̗̀̔o̫̜̎͐>͕̯̔͒"̢̛̝͛

 

It took a minute before Grillby could muster up a response, glancing around. Was it still in front of him? Had it moved? He stood up straight again, but remained tense. “...Hello..” He whispered in return. His voice was always soft, but he was understandably more anxious than usual.

And then the voice was behind him.

 

"̛̳̺̑D̢̺͑͝ĭ̮̻̄ḓ̡̓̆ ̦͇̾͘y