weird but is for a good cause. I’d tell you if I could.” 

Scott almost said something else when another order was ready and a waiter ask him something about the table.



---------

He waited for an opportunity, when the teacher was distracted by other student, and took Derek’s pencil. He ran the test. 

While his own sample was pink like little flowers arrangements, Derek’s had green rectangles, similar at what they learnt about dogs.



---------

“Sorry. I needed to talk to you” 

“Derek. Why are you doing here? You are not a student anymore.”

“I needed to talk to you”, he repeated. 

“Yeah, you already stablished that. Anyway, I wanted to talk to you. I…kind of stole your pencil last time you were at the dinner. And today I examined the thing. Cause I had a few suspicions. So, can you please come back to the lab with me and help me run the test again? Cause the results were weird and if it’s meant what I think it’s meant…”

“Stiles! Breath.” 

Stiles breathed. He calmed down a bit. Then he turned around, put the collar of his shirt down and showed his neck to Derek. 

“Wow”

“Yeah. Wow. I have claws marks wow. So, please, come back with me to the lab and we run the test again. Because I have to be wrong” 

A moment of silences later, Derek speak again. Briefly. 

“You aren’t wrong”

“Okay. So, help me understand, Derek. What are you?” 

“Well, I’m not exactly normal.” 

“So, again…what are you Derek?”

Derek groaned and put his index finger up, pointing at the ceiling.   

“Are…. you from up north?” And Stiles felt like an idiot the second he asked that. Derek started to point to the sky through the window. 

“The Sun? … The story! You are not …human, are you?” but Stiles knew the answer for that. 

“I prefer werewolf” Stiles eyes were wide open. “Sorry, no time for jokes”, Derek apologized. 

“You know, I’m getting late to my next class, I have to go” 

Derek could feel his panic and tried to stop him before he reached the door. He took Stiles by the arm and trapped him against the door. Derek could feel Stiles breath on his face. 

“Stiles, listen to me. You can tell anyone about this. Not your dad, not Scott. Anyone. Please. My life is in your hands now” 

Slowly, Derek let go of Stiles and saw how he walked away.



---------

“I can believe this, Derek! I finally feel like I have a normal existence and you go and blow up everything! How do you let my brother do this?” 

Laura was pissed. Really pissed.  She was talking to Isaac, ignoring Derek’s presence right beside her. 

“I said I was sorry! And you use your powers constantly” 

“To heal cute dogs and help little kids at the park, Derek. Not like this.”

 Okay, Derek apologize wasn’t accepted apparently. Laura continued.  “We need to find some excuse to tell the Stilinski boy”

Suddenly, the wall in front of him was more interesting. 

Isaac murmured a soft “Oh boy…” at the same time Laura almost screamed at his face a “We are so fucking screwed!” 

“I have no choice!” 

“We need to leave Beacon Hills” 

“We can’t go, Isaac. Our family is here” 

“I don’t have a family, Derek, you and Laura have one.”

“We need to do something. But any decision we’d make, we’d do as a pack” 

And Laura had the last word.



---------

“I know something is going on, I know you are keeping things from me and I’m not gonna go until you tell me. I found your uniform. That wasn’t ketchup, that was blood. Real blood. ”  

Stiles just walked around Scott and away from him.



---------

“What the hell?!” 

“I…. I just wanted to know if you will keep our secret.” 

“Yeah.  I’ll do. Can you go now? Jesus...You climb my window?”

Derek smiled while looking a picture of Stiles and Scott in elementary school. 

“What? What’s so funny?” 

“I kept imagining you at seven years old falling from a tree and breaking your arm”

“What…? Oh my God! That day was so fun, I….wait a second. How do you know about that? I was out of state visiting an aunt and Scott was with me. You…read my mind or something?”

“No”

Stiles waited for the explanation. Derek wasn’t good with words sometimes. 

“The claw marks on your neck. Sometimes an…alpha like me or my sister, we can create a connection with the person we claw. And