. I chewed on my lip as she laid her head on his shoulder.

"Thank you all for coming in. As you know, the weather isn't looking too great the next few days." Sam explained. "Those of you staying in the dorms are in the safe rooms. Those of you in the cabins will be assigned a dorm to stay in when the weather is severe. Room assignments are posted on the back counter." I stood up and followed everyone back to the counter. I looked at the assignment list looking for my cabin.

"Mike, we're in Charlie's dorm." Luke grinned at me. I let out a breath of relief. I was scared I'd be stuck in Audrey's dorm. 

"Cabins, please alert your campers and transport them to your assigned dorm." Sam instructed. I watched as Charlie linked arms with Luke. 

"I'll come with you to get your campers so I can show you where the dorm is." Charlie smiled up at him. I sighed to myself and held the door open for Charlie and Luke. Rain was now pouring down onto the pavement as we ran to the cabin.

"Everybody up!" I shouted and flickered the lights. There were groans and sighs coming from the campers. "There's a bad storm outside, so we're moving to the dorms. This is Charlie. We're gonna be staying in her sector." I explained while helping our boys get their belongings gathered. Charlie let out a squeak as thunder rumbled loudly in the distance. "Alright, lads, let's go. The storms getting closer." I held the door while everyone ran out. The campers followed Luke and Charlie to the dorms and I followed after all of them to make sure they all made it.

"There's a couple bunks in the corners and the girls can double up if necessary." Charlie explained to the boys. Thunder rumbled loudly from outside, the building rattling. Charlie wrapped my sweatshirt around her body tighter. I could tell she was scared. I sighed and helped my campers get settled into their new bunks. There were enough bunks for everyone. Everyone except me. 

"Charlie?" I whispered as she sat on her bunk.

"Yeah?"

"There's no more bunks, and I need somewhere to sleep." I whispered. I didn't know exactly what I was expecting, but she nodded toward her bed. 

"Come lay with me." She smiled and got under her blankets. I walked over to her bed but paused as the lights flickered. I looked up at the light fixtures. "Mikey, just lay down." Charlie whimpered slightly. It thundered loudly again, the lights going out completely. "Michael.." Charlie whispered so softly, I almost didn't hear her. I carefully felt around, finding Charlie's bed.

"I'm here, it's okay." I whispered and climbed into bed with her. She wrapped her arms around my neck and buried her face in my neck. I wrapped my arms around her torso protectively and pulled her so she was laying on top of me. I pulled the blankets up so they were around us securely. I rubbed her back gently and waited until her breathing slowed before closing my eyes.

****

The power was still out when morning came around. Charlie was sleeping soundly by the time I was able to force my eyes open. She was still laying on top of me with her face right in the crook where my neck meets my shoulders. I glanced at the clock on the nightstand. 6:24am. The wake up bell would toll in 36 minutes, but I wasn't ready to let go of Charlie just yet. I slid my hands underneath my sweatshirt that she was still wearing. I rubbed her back gently, goosebumps arising on her skin. She shifted slightly, humming softly. "Mikey?" She mumbled, her eyes fluttered open.

"Go back to sleep, Charles." I whispered and rubbed her back.

"M'not sleepy anymore." She yawned and rested her chin on my chest. "Wanna stay up and talk to you."

"If we're gonna talk, then tell me why thunder scares you." I whispered. 

"It's loud, asshole." Charlie pouted. "And, sometimes they lead to big storms that cause trees to fall on your garage and then your dad starts swearing and throwing things because his valuable woodshop was in there." Charlie rambled. 

"Sounds like there's a story in that very long sentence." I chuckled and moved my hands down to her thighs. I pulled them up so they were on either side of my hips. Charlie giggled softly and looked down at me. 

"I'm from Indiana, we get quite a few big storms. When I was 6, there was a very big storm. It knocked over the big oak tree by the garage and it ended up falling on the garage. We were all in the living room at the time and my dad started swearing. My dad is a big guy