he whispers. Zayn's eyes flutter closed leaning in all the way locking their lips together. It starts slow till Liam pushed him back kissing him with increasing demand. Turning into a long make out session till Zayn's older sister tapped on the window.

That's how it started for them. Liam leaving Zayn that day with his number and a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Leaving behind a blushing Zayn who was teases by his older sister. 

Dating for almost three months now. They still didn't have sex. Zayn wasn't okay with that. He and Liam both admitted their crushing for long time and they're so into each other so why wait? Zayn always was trying to do more with Liam. Grinding on him in their make out sessions. Groping him while kissing his ear on their movie dates or in the car. But Liam wouldn't do anything about it so Zayn ends up Leaving a hot and bothered Liam behind to deal with his boner alone. 

 

Liam wants him just as much but this is his first serious relationship between all of his hook ups through high school. He doesn't want it to end with them sleeping with one another. He knows he's stupid but he can't help but think that. 

 

Zayn took the chance of Liam's parents being out of town for him to make his move. They'll have the house for themselves and Liam won't have any excuse to shut his advances. 

He went to Liam's house that night with all he needed in his backpack.. Condoms and lube! Liam ordered them dinner and they watched a movie. Liam took him upstairs to his room cause he's sleeping the night. And Liam is so relieved that Zayn didn't try anything till now.. Zayn was now changing in the bathroom. Well as far as Liam knows. 

Zayn was prepping himself but he couldn't do it well! He opened the door and shirtless Liam turned to see a naked half hard Zayn holding what looks like lube "Zayn?" 

"I wanted to prep myself for you and I couldn't do it" Zayn says brows furrowed and so upset. Liam's cock twitches at the view in front of him. Liam walks to him bringing him closer by the waist stroking Zayn's cheek "you want this?" 

Zayn rolls his eyes "like you didn't know" and Liam laughs "want me to teach you how to prep yourself? Wanna be ready for me?" Liam nuzzles their noses together. Zayn nods pecking Liam's lips once before licking the seam of his lips and Liam grants him access kissing him hard and deep. Licking the roof of his mouth. He pulls Zayn to bed "lay on your back" and Zayn is quick to do that, one of his legs get stuck in the sheets making him giggle as he blushes looking back at Liam. 

He lays back legs bent feet on the bed. Liam crawls to him spreading his knees "want you to not be shy for me yeah? Tell me what you need?" Zayn blushes and Liam leans to peck him on the lips whispering "it's us yeah" and Zayn looks up at him and Liam licks his nose making Zayn giggle. He takes the lube opening the cap squirting some on Zayn's fingers "start slow yeah one finger till you get to the last knuckle then add another" Zayn tries that feeling himself relax feeling Liam's soothing touch on his inner thigh. He adds a second finger it feels weird but good weird. He keeps letting out these small sounds but he needs more and when Liam tells him to search for his prostate he can't and he whines making Liam huff a laugh at how desperate he is and Zayn glares at him. Liam pulls Zayn's fingers out wrapping Zayn's legs around him turning them around so Zayn is straddling him. He kisses Zayn as he dribbles some lube on his fingers and pushes a finger in Zayn's hole. 

Zayn moans cause this.. This feels much better than his own fingers. And when Liam feels he's fine he enters a second finger starts scissoring him to stretch him to accommodate his size. And Zayn whines at the feeling. Liam finds his prostate and Zayn lets out a choked cry hands slipping on the sheets now resting his weight on his elbows. Liam teases that bundle of nerves. And Zayn starts pushing back as more precome starts oozing out of his cock. Liam slips his fingers out and Zayn chants a whiney "no no no"
And Liam holds his face in his hands "you wanna feel me yeah?" Zayn nods fervently. "How did that feel? Good?" Liam asks softly and Zayn's face breaks into a smile nodding leaning to Liam's touch kissing the palm of his hand. Liam sits and looks around "I don't have condoms" Zayn has but he doesn't want to get out of bed so he just pushes Liam on his back. 

"Do it bare" he says voice hoarse. And Liam could've came from only hearing Zayn