them back when I’m done. With the divorce, I mean.”

“That was very wise of you.”

He meant it.  There had been dreadful, unspeakable things done to the parents of Muggleborns during the war.  He met her gaze with some difficulty and ventured a smile that wasn’t quite returned.

“I suppose you’re here to collect the forms,” she said, in a very flat voice. “I’ve got them ready. Follow me.”

He followed her bushy head past the handsome staircase and through a hallway, heading towards some bright room at the end of it whose light seeped into the darkened corridor.  It was lined on both sides with large, framed photographs. The slanting light caught the dust on the glass at odd angles, giving them an opaque, frosted look. He stole glances at them as he walked past. There was a chubby-cheeked baby dressed as a sunflower. A small girl with buck teeth and ringlets, clutching onto an enormous satchel in one hand and the coat tails of a shy, bespectacled man in the other. Taller now, the girl was reading a book on a garden bench, sitting beside a thin, mousy woman who had the same lips and nose. The family was on vacation, with bright green grass in front of them and softly undulating fields of lavender in the distance.  The girl was alone now, standing in front of an ornate Christmas tree, looking very pretty in a blue, formal gown and trying very hard not to move, although he thought he caught her blinking.

The final picture was a mystery as a single, small impact in the centre of the glass cover had sent a spidery web of cracks across the whole picture, making it impossible to see what was beneath.

“Death Eaters?” he asked, even though he had not meant to say anything. 

There was a moment of uncomfortable silence.

“Just the one,” said Hermione, quietly.

The corridor opened out into a brightly lit kitchen. There were neat shelves of neatly arranged preserves and spices, beautiful pots of all shapes and sizes hanging on hooks, and a large rack of wine bottles which took up the whole end wall. On the old-fashioned Aga stove, a kettle was just beginning to whistle. It would have been very welcoming if not for the faint smell of rot that tickled his nostrils.

“Have a seat,” said Hermione, who was attending to the kettle. “How do you take your tea?”

“Oh – thank you very much. No milk, one sugar.”

He took a seat at the family table. Lying on it, next to the vase of dried up, moulting daisies, was the pile of forms tied up neatly with red string. The sight of them made him feel extremely nervous again, and he was very glad when the tea was set down in front of him.

“Thank you,” he whispered, wrapping his hands around the deliciously warm cup.

He had no idea why he had felt the need to whisper.

“I see that you have the forms here,” he said, more loudly. “Would you mind terribly if I checked through them?”

Hermione shook her head in a sharp motion, sending that frazzle of curls flying again.

He untied the pile, struggling with the knot as his fingers had suddenly turned useless. He sifted among them, trying hard only to check the pages and not to read the answers, yet. Even so, he saw that certain boxes had been ticked in neat blue ink.

“That all looks in order,” he said, at last.

“Good,” replied Hermione.

They both took long sips of their tea, almost at the same time. When they finished, there was a long silence. Augustus supposed that he should be the one to break it. He cleared his throat. It was a horribly wet noise.

“As you know,” he said, his voice sounding a little strangled. “My visit today was not simply to collect the forms, but also to ascertain that certain requirements have been met. Can you confirm, please, that you are no longer living with Mr Snape, nor are you in contact with him through Owl post, Floo calling, or any other method of communication?”

“Yes.”

“Excellent. And, er, this is a rather delicate matter, but do you feel secure in your current location? The ministry can provide security measures for any party that feels threatened by the other.”

“No thank you.”

“Very well.”

He had not meant to say this. He had meant to ask if she really felt safe and to insist that she apply for a guard from the Auror office, or at least arrange to stay with a friend. He was not sure if he believed what everyone said of Snape, but something told him that she should not be alone. But he could not say any of this. Instead, he simply went on.

“The next major step to take is to meet your Act Enforcement Officer. I am pleased to say that your case is being handled by myself, so you will be seeing a