but Elena is not sure they can be hers. But she has time to figure that out, too. This what she is here for, anyway. A respite. She listens to Stefan. She listens to Damon. For the first time she can have a moment before she has to make that decision. Outside the war there is time. They play the part of tourists so well they become tourists.

Elena tries.

Elena doesn't kill anybody – she's discovered a knack for control. So much of her life these past few years has been out of her control that she somehow relishes the idea of keeping her hunger at bay, of taming her own insticts. It's like a trick.

If Damon murders someone when he is not with them (he certainly wouldn't try to in front of her and Stefan) Elena doesn't want to know. She has decided to stop thinking about it for a while. Rules don't apply here – as Damon said (with a glint in his eyes, under tragically cheap sunglasses) this is Europe, baby.

 

 

 

 

There are museums and galleries and Damon has a certain fondness for churches and cathedrals. Stefan likes small countryside villages with quaint names where people ride bicycles. Elena wants the oldest capitals. Stefan likes woods and forests. Damon compels his way into five-star hotels.

Elena takes long walks.

 

 

 

 

`He is brooding,´ Stefan says, as if Damon wasn't in the room (his room, or Elena and Stefan's room, she forgets which one, she forgets if that really matters), and like it's the most hilarious thing he's seen.

He might be right, though; Damon is quieter these days. Elena, too, but she has good reason. She is still taking it all in, pausing to stare. Something about Damon's silence offends her.

`Does Europe make you broody, big brother?´ Stefan teases, fierce and careful fingers running through Damon's hair.

Damon tries to push him away, he only comes up with an un-ingenious Shut up.

`Hey, that's no good,´ Elena protests. `This is my trip. Only I am allowed to be melancholy.´

 

 

 

 

She reads a lot. She has all the time in the world now.

Elena reads a lot of Henry James these days. She is the one who suggests Italy.

 

 

 

 

She and Stefan make love; loudly, languorously, the air sick and sweet like the height of summer and a fever, where every moment is bliss and every moment hurts.

She gets drunk with Damon sometimes.

They dance, the three of them, in an abandoned warehouse somewhere in the south of France, past unnamed little towns forgotten by newer roads. Elena watches Stefan dance with his brother, her knees scrapping against the concrete she sits down on the floor, as it starts to rain. There are holes in the copper roof and there's rain in Damon's hair as he rests his head on Stefan's shoulder. Elena closes her eyes, everything smells of moss, and for a moment she thinks this feels more alive than being alive.

 

 

 

 

This is not a heartbeat she reminds herself, when she is resting between their arms.

 

 

 

 

`We are drinking a lot these days,´ she tells Stefan. She doesn't mean the blood.

He shrugs. `Alcohol has not the same effect on vampires.´

`I know that, Stefan. It's just that... it seems like it's all we do these days.´

They are not tourists anymore. They are vagrants.

 

 

 

 

Then Europe is not enough.

When Europe is not enough they go east. The languages fly by faster than the names of cities. Both unfamiliar, and bittersweet, in Elena's mouth. Like the first taste of a strange dish, before you have time to decide whether you like it or not. The sky changes. She didn't know that could happen. She knew it, of course, in her brain, but she didn't know it. How can the sky change this much?

 

 

 

 

`Do you think there are other vampires in this country?´ she asks. Every time. Every country.

`Why? You wanna leave them your calling call? Here's your little cousin Elena, so pleased to meet you.´

Damon doesn't harbor any warm feelings of kinship, he's just not wired like that. Elena knows why. It was always him and Stefan. It was not a matter of dead and undead, that's why he always scorns bloodlines and how other would romanticize them. It was always him and Stefan.

But it's not like that for Elena. Stefan looks at her now, with curiosity; she knows he gets it. She is not quite human anymore. She wants to know what else is out there for her. What else she could be, without her friends, her home, her landscape. What else she could be even if Stefan and Damon weren't around.

She wonders if here –whenever here happens to be this time–