“Holy shit,” Baekhyun breathes. “That was—fuck, Kyungsoo.” He pulls the wand back. “Color?”

“G-green,” Kyungsoo says weakly.

“Are you sure? Do you need—”

“Green,” Kyungsoo says again, more firmly. “Don’t stop, please, don’t—” He cuts off with a moan at the feeling of the vibrator back against his shaft.

After that, Baekhyun becomes relentless in his teasing, increasing the speed again and running the wand lightly up and down Kyungsoo’s dick. All Kyungsoo can do is quiver and make humiliating, needy sounds as he tries desperately not to raise his hips.

None of it’s unbearable, though. If anything, there’s something intensely satisfying about being at Baekhyun’s mercy, about his pleasure being entirely in Baekhyun’s hands—something Kyungsoo would never have imagined himself saying this time last year. But the strangest part of it all is that he’s filled with an overwhelming need to be good for Baekhyun, to please him and make him happy, make him proud, even. And not just because it’s Baekhyun, though that helps; it’s because of what Baekhyun is to him right now, in this moment.

It’s also, in some small way, about proving something to himself, making himself proud. Because he knows he can do this, knows he can be good at it. So despite a distant part of his mind telling him to call it off so they can get it over with and he can finally come, he refuses to give up. He’s going to see it through for both of them—but mostly for himself.

“Have you ever tried putting this inside yourself?” Baekhyun asks after pulling away again.

“Yellow,” Kyungsoo says immediately. “Not that. Not today.”

“It’s okay, I wasn’t going to.” Baekhyun sets the vibrator down on the mattress, beside Kyungsoo’s leg, where it hums dully. He scoots in closer, takes Kyungsoo’s face between his hands gently, places a soft kiss on his lips, murmurs, “Hey. I wouldn’t do that. Not without asking.” He draws back and looks into Kyungsoo’s eyes critically. “How are we doing?”

Kyungsoo takes a deep breath. “Green,” he says. “I know you wouldn’t. Overreacted. Sorry.”

“Don’t apologize,” says Baekhyun, grinning. “I’m just glad you actually know other colors.”

He takes a moment to pull Kyungsoo’s underwear all the way off, then has him shift so his legs are spread wide. Before they start again, though, he says, “Okay, but have you?”

“What? Oh. Yeah. Yes,” Kyungsoo corrects quickly.

“And?”

“A lot of time and a lot of lube. I don’t know if you noticed, but it’s a little. Wide.”

“But you did it.”

Kyungsoo shuts his eyes, too embarrassed to look at Baekhyun. “Yes.”

This time, the vibrator stays pressed against him for so long that he thinks, for one blissful moment, that Baekhyun might let him come. But then it stops again, and Kyungsoo groans in disappointment. He almost begs, but stops himself before the words escape.

“How was it?” Baekhyun asks. “How did it feel?”

“How did what?”

“Having this inside you.”

Kyungsoo sighs. “So good,” he mumbles. “I think I cried.”

“You think?”

“I don’t remember,” Kyungsoo admits. “It was, um. An eventful day.”

The bed shifts in front of him. Once, then again, more dramatically. He opens his eyes and sees Baekhyun taking off his own underwear, carelessly throwing it somewhere behind him. It’ll probably get lost, Kyungsoo thinks absently; a week from now he’ll find Baekhyun’s cherry-red briefs under his own bed. But then he watches as Baekhyun starts touching himself, and all thoughts more or less stop there. He follows the movement of Baekhyun’s hand, a little bit mesmerized.

Baekhyun reaches his hands under Kyungsoo’s thighs and moves him a bit roughly, repositioning both of their bodies so they’re pressed almost flush against each other. All Kyungsoo wants now is for his hands to be free so he can… do something. Anything, really. But he’s stuck waiting for Baekhyun to touch him, which seems to take an agonizingly long time, because any amount of time is too much right now.

Baekhyun’s hips press even closer, enough that their erections touch briefly, then he takes both of them in hand at once, stroking up and down slowly. It’s gentle, almost relaxing compared to the vibrator. But then, of course, the wand makes a sudden reappearance, and Baekhyun’s grip loosens slightly as he touches the vibrator to the sides of both of their cocks simultaneously.

“Oh, fuck,” Baekhyun says