the realization that Louis’ pants really are that ridiculously tight (more so than usual), or the image of Harry getting to take off said pants, or because Louis has decided now is a good time to reach behind the counter and pull Harry’s jumper over his head.

It’s Harry’s favorite jumper, too - the off white one he used to wear all the time. It’s not as big as some of his newer ones but it still swallows Louis up pretty well. Louis starts swinging his legs again, apparently oblivious to the miniature meltdown Harry’s having. He drops the last bit of muffin into his mouth and swallows before going about licking his fingers free of crumbs . . . ridiculously slowly.

A seven-year-old could have picked up on the innuendo behind the action. A mile away. Blindfolded.

It takes everything inside of Harry not to cross the cafe right then. Screw clean up, he thinks, but he does pick up his fallen - when the hell did that happen? - broom.

“You know, if you stopped distracting me, I would be finished already,” Harry quips, but it lacks his usual cheek.

“Oh, am I distracting you?” Louis asks, feining innocence. “I had no idea.”

Harry resists the urge to roll his eyes and just throw his broom across the cafe to where Louis is lounging oh so casually.

“Ha ha ha,” he says instead. “Fuck you, Lou,” and he flips him off.

He’s pretty sure Louis’ answering laugh can be heard all the way outside. “Maybe. If you’re lucky.”

Harry can’t not look up at that and watches as Louis rolls up the sleeves of the jumper to free his hands better. Because it’s that big on him. If there were any straws left, that would’ve been the last one. He decides to give up on actually getting any work done. He’ll apologize to everyone on morning shift later.

It only takes him a few long strides to make it in front of Louis.

Louis hums a little and licks his lips. “Did you need something, Hazza?”

“This was your plan all along, wasn’t it?”

The older boy grins and finally looks up, meeting Harry’s gaze. “Always my plan, Harry. Don’t for one second ever doubt that this isn’t always my plan.” He trails his hand up Harry’s arm until it’s cupping the back of his neck, fingers playing with the small curls there.

“You are truly ridiculous.” He shakes his head, pulls Louis in by the jumper, and kisses him.

It’s not a sweet kiss. Not even a little bit. It’s not soft or slow. They skip past all that, already so familiar with each other. It’s heated from the start, fast, a little chaotic (and a little weird because Louis tastes like banana nut muffin), and it isn’t long till Harry has to pull back to catch his breath. He doesn’t go far, just leans his chin against Louis’ forehead.

Louis wraps his legs around Harry’s waist to pull him in closer, and Harry doesn’t have to look down to know he’s grinning. “I had a dream we were doing this.” He sounds a little breathless and when Harry glances at him, his eyes are still closed. “You were wearing a lot less clothes, though.” His eyes snap open and he sneaks his fingers under Harry’s shirt. His touch tickles more than anything, but still manages to send heat shooting down Harry’s spine. “Actually,” Louis amends, “I don’t think you were wearing any clothes.”

He doesn’t really take Louis seriously, but there’s this look in his eyes like he’s picturing - or remembering, maybe? - it. He reaches for the hem of Harry’s shirt, but Harry takes a reluctant step back.

“Come on,” Louis pouts, reaching out for Harry again, “you do not need to be wearing a shirt right now. I’m actually convinced you don’t need to be wearing a shirt ever. I’m thinking about starting a petition.”

Harry rolls his eyes. “You’re not taking off my shirt. There are cameras in here.” Louis whines a little, trying to pull Harry in. “There are windows . . . someone could walk by.”

Louis gives him this look though and Harry can’t really say no to that. He steps back and  presses their lips together again. Louis grins against his mouth and reaches for his shirt again. Harry doesn’t stop him this time, because really, who is he to deny the boy any and everything he wants.

I can't make any promises about how often I'll update. I don't even technically have a working computer right now; I've been borrowing my sister's laptop. But I