get out of this conversation with half an explanation or any sort of redirection. His father was trying to make light of the fact that the Dark Lord had just shown up for no discernible reason on their front lawn, but the underlying fear and uncertainty was showing in his voice. Harry tried to ignore it, and found it to be harder than he would have expected it to be.

He massaged his temples. It did not make answering any easier. “I told you before,” he said; the words came out harsh and ragged. Harry turned to regard Sirius from the corner of his eye.

“Voldemort wants me to join him. He doesn’t think I pose much of a threat anymore and he’s decided—on a whim, I suspect—to change tactics.” The humour he’d tried to interweave into his voice sounded much more like defeat than he would’ve liked, but Sirius seemed inclined to ignore it.

Everything was quiet except for the sound of their breathing—trembling and harsh—and everything was dark except for the sharp cuts of light against their faces, making everything in the room seem more death-like than it really was.

Long minutes were spent during which Harry could feel each individual hair on his arm raise from a chill that wasn’t present—except in his mind. Finally, his father said, “You weren’t taking the mickey, then.”

It wasn’t a question, more a realization that wasn’t quite acceptance, but defeat. Harry shook his head anyway, even though he wasn’t sure if his father could see it in the dim light. “No,” he said, haltingly. “No—he’s serious. He’s been after me for months, even before I told him the prophecy.” Harry suddenly laughed—a choking sound. “In fact, I thought the prophecy might discourage him, but it’s only reinforced his efforts. He’s relentless.”

“Right,” Sirius nodded, and then snapped his fingers. When Ginger appeared and Sirius asked her for something strong, she nodded without a word and disappeared. She’d certainly calmed down, but it caused shivers down Harry’s spine to see her so docile. He just wanted something familiar to cling to after all of these revelations rushing at him so fiercely in such a short span of time.

She returned with two glasses of something warm and amber coloured, and left again. Ginger, it seemed, would not be that something.

“Right,” Sirius said again, voice still faint, but with a bit more determination after his first sip. “And he’s finally reached the bargaining stage, I see. The life-debt obviously didn’t work, and I assume that prodding and persuasion haven’t worked.” It didn’t seem like Sirius was talking to anyone but himself, but Harry looked up sharply, anyway.

“What do you mean?”

“Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it?” his father asked a little manically. Harry raised both his eyebrows in confusion and shrugged. He really didn’t see anything obvious about the situation except for the way his heart was beating decidedly slower than it should have been after any sort of confrontation with Voldemort.

At his son’s blank look, Sirius banged his glass down on the table, startling Harry, and leaned forward. “Pure-blood ceremonies,” Sirius whispered angrily. “He’s trying to strike a truce, and you’ve been unwittingly turning him down. I don’t think I have to tell you what happens if you continue to be so discourteous—especially now that he knows you’re aware of your heritage.”

Harry chewed on his lip, utterly confused. “I think you might. I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

Sirius growled in frustration. If he’d only known—if he’d not been in Azkaban or had any idea at all that he had more pressing obligations than vengeance on Pettigrew—he would have been there all along to raise Harry properly. There was no excuse for his negligence. How was he going to make up for seventeen years of proper wizarding training now?

He didn’t know how, but he was determined to try; he had been a Gryffindor for at least that reason: stubborn determination.

“Enemies,” Sirius finally said, focusing on that determination to calm him. “It’s what rival wizarding families use when they want to stop the fighting. Simplified, the first process is flattery, persuasion, prodding…things like that—just trying to talk a family or family member into an alliance. If that doesn’t work, and one is available, a life-debt is sometimes called in.”

“But I don’t owe Voldemort a life-debt,” Harry scoffed.

Sirius smiled grimly. “No, you don’t, but when Voldemort paid his life-debt to you by having my charges dropped instead of saving your life, he negated all feuds with you and your family. Essentially,