Kyuubi was sealed in to her son, Uzumaki Naruto by his own father; the Yondaime Hokage Namikaze Minato."Iruka had to steady himself on the windowsill before he fell over. He stared at her and couldn't quite comprehend what he'd just heard- because that was INSANE. 

"W-wait.. You're saying that Naruto is the son of the Yondaime!?" he hissed in obvious disbelief."It's a bloody mystery how nobody in this village have figured that out by simply looking at him. He's a clone of his father. I knew it the second I laid eyes on him and I should know as Minato was one of my best friends." she then turned to look at Naruto who was laughing at something Choji and he was talking about, "Minato would be ashamed of this village for what it's citizens have done to his own son. A village he died for and sacrificed his life to protect along with the life of his only child. The burden he carries he carry for the sake of this village and the balance of the elemental nations. His treatment is atrocious and I'm sick and tired of watching the cannon fodder of this village spit on his legacy. It stops. Now." she turned to face the shell-shocked Iruka, "The fact that the villagers blame Naruto for the Kyuubi attack is pathetic. Jinchuuriki draw from the power of the biju when they are emotionally distressed. What do you think would happen if his treatment had continued for much longer? He's an eleven year old boy."Iruka paled, immediately understanding what it was she was saying. Naruto wasn't a monster but the villagers was actively creating one without even realizing it. There was only so much one could take before they snapped and that went for everyone. "My god.." Iruka whispered and looked to the smiling Naruto, a Naruto that had been smiling all day long, while not unusual- it was the first time he had a real smile on his face. "With the help of his shadow clones I plan to tutor him until he's on par with his classmates this coming year. By the time he takes the next graduation test he will be well prepared if not the best his class has to offer. However, first I wish to see all the tests he's taken so far. I need to know what current knowledge base he possesses."The man quickly nodded but then asked her a question, "How will shadow clones help him learn?"Satomi gave him a small smile, "Whatever the clone learns will get transferred to the original after it dispels. With his reserves he will be able to make hundreds of them.. if not thousands and he's hitting the books with every single one of them.""T-thousands!?" "Indeed. Just another perk of being an Uzumaki; we can technically finish the entire Academy within a year very much like I myself did.. although I didn't need a full year. I was only five when I became a Genin, Chunin at six and Jounin at eight." she smirked at the dumbfounded look on his face, "Naruto will be a Jounin be the time he's fifteen. I will personally see to it and if he's anything like his father- he might make it there sooner. That boy will do great things in the future and he'll become a shinobi that everyone will either love or fear the name of."Iruka looked at the woman in awe, a different form of respect he didn't have before rapidly building. The determination and pure certainty made his adrenaline pump and he couldn't help but grin, "The files are this way." he gestured for her to follow which she did with a smile and mischievous glint in her eyes.He liked this woman, he decided. She was different, powerful and he pitied anyone that was going to try to stop her on her mission on making Naruto great. Besides, she was definitely easy on the eyes- to put it mildly-  and he could foretell a lot of suitors for her. She was like Konoha's own rose. Beautiful to look at but full of thorns that could make you bleed if you didn't thread carefully.The man slid the door open to the staff room where several heads turned towards him to see who it was. Iruka ignored them and headed straight for the door leading to towards the archives. "Satomi-sama of the Yonnin?" he heard one of the men whisper as he looked at the woman in awe. Iruka had no idea what that meant but if it was anything like what it sounded like, namely the 'Sannin', then he might have just held a conversation with someone far more powerful then he first realized. A small shiver ran down his spine as he entered the room of files. "Is there anything we can do for you Satomi-sama?" one of the female teacher stood up and bowed deeply while the rest either stood and bowed or had basically frozen in their seat. With a polite smile and a small tilted of her head she spoke,