pull the shirt over your head, the sweatshirt also, and the sweats are the same except for your legs. It's not hard." Oikawa turned away, probably privacy reasons.

"So no zuttons?" Iwaizumi asked, continuing to observe the clothing items.

"What are zuttons?" Tooru asked, moving around impatiently.

"Zuttons are a sort of 'combo' as you call it of your zipper and button. You zip across the shirt and make sure it stays by putting it through a side loop." The Erodanian shrugged, the zip sound of his shirt coming off and the other blue shirt being shoved on.

It really wasn't hard at all, he made a mental note on these type of shirts. 

Then the sweats were harder, but surprisingly they fit perfectly, he made grunting sounds putting them on because these much more difficult than the last.

"Are they tight?" Oikawa questioned, looking over at the other-worldly man to see they were just right.

The brown haired dumbass smirked, "I told you they would fit perfectly, Iwa-chan." 

"Shut up, trashykawa." He looked away, a little green on his face as he folded his arms. 

Right as Oikawa turned around, he put on the sweatshirt and threw on his own shoes again. They were the only comfortable thing he could wear.

"Nono, those won't do. You're pretty obvious wearing the shoes." He handed him a pair of shoes that looked weird, they had a light heel to them and Hajime figured out what they were immediately, "Tennis shoes?" 

"Yep! I can wear the shoes I used to use for volleyball, my size hasn't changed really."

Soon they were both ready, though Oikawa saw his shirt had something noticeable on it and decided to change. 

It seemed like ages that he had been down there by himself before he went back upstairs with a grunt and knocked on the door before opening to see a shirtless Oikawa. 

Holy shit, he's cute and hot?! Iwaizumi thought before slamming the door back shut and running downstairs.

Happy 4th of July! Sorry this chapter is a bit late, I was so tired when I tried to write it and I gave it a day, hopefully you don't mind! :)Chapter is a but short also sorry about that :/#itsalljustfluffrn

I take it back,Actually doing the adventure is the hardest part.

SORRY ITS LATE RKWOCJGJEJD I GOT MY UNCLE AND STUFF BUT AY HOPE YOU ENJOY :DAlso got a keyboard which is pretty sweet!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Hmm? Oikawa hummed, looking over at the now slammed door. There was quick thumps down the hall and stairs but then they were gone. He hurriedly put on a blue shirt, first making sure no stains were on it, before running downstairs.

His fear of cops being in the living room and taking Iwaizumi away from him, someone attacking his friend, his mom being home and finding out her son was holding a terrestial space being.

Yet when he went down there, only a bright green Hajime. Tooru cocked his head to the side, "Iwa-chan?" 

The Erodonian looked away, mumbling under his breath.

"What was that?" Oikawa started to worry, What if something actually had happened? 

"Let's go, don't worry about it. Also thanks for the clothes, no clue what I would do without you right now. I really appreciate it." The handsome man was out the door right as he said it.

Which was actually a good thing, because he caught red running up to his face, putting on a smile, "No problem, that's what friends are for."

Why am I blushing at such a common compliment? Do I actually like this beautiful man more than I think I do? No, no, impossible, it's been a day. The brown haired teen caught up, pulling over a hood he found just in case any specific cops that he knew came around. Meanwhile, Iwaizumi just strolled along like getting caught was the least of his worries.

How could it be when if they were caught it was game over?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Oikawa kept looking at him weirdly as they walked down his neighborhood. He couldn't help but notice the reaction, it eventually got annoying as the brown haired kept doing it. 

"Assikawa, what is it?!" Hajime raised his voice, turning to his new companion, they were at a 4-way stop, the crosswalk could wait. Because he couldn't.

"Aren't you worried about being recognized?" Tooru asked, doing that damned cute cock-his-head-in-confusion motion. 

Not now, not now, not now, the prince repeated in his head, "Who would recognize me in this damn town? The security you have here didn't get a glimpse of me. They were way too busy killing everyone around them." 

It sounded as if it didn't affect him to admit it, but they both knew that ship remained at the docks, tied with