THINK YOU FUCKING ARE..." He keeps going on for awhile till something weird happens. 

His body starts to vibrate and glow. "Wh-whats happening!" He transforms. He then becomes, (to my surprise), the Happy Dummy.

He laughs happily. "Thank you human. with your help I have fully merged with my body." I give him a weird look and slash him. He turns to dust. "You'll thank me later." I tell his dust.

I walk through the entrance and am at the road that can lead me to Nabstablooks house. I turn right and move onto the roads I need. I don't need any items so I don't go to see the talking tortoise. 

I walk into the room with the glowing mushrooms and touch each one. I walk the glowing path till I get to the room of lanterns. Knowing the path so well, I don't bother with them and walk it blind.

I continue on till I can't go any further and wait for Undyne to show up. She comes and talks about how they need seven human souls and blah blah blah. She starts forward, spear in hand and yellow kid pops out excited then confused. 

Undyne grabs their cheek and pulls them to safety. "Smart fish lady." I hear Chara say. I sigh at hearing their voice again and take the now glowing path up.

I walk up the path and turn right. On the end of the bridge I wait. Up comes yellow kid. They ask me something they have never had to ask me before. "D-did you kill everyone and make my friends and family leave?" Looking down I say, 

"Undyne told you to stay away from me for a reason bud." I look up without emotion into his scared eyes. "So you did?!" Sighing it out I say, "yeeeeeaaahhh" I smile at him, "Go home kid, I don't want to have to hurt you too. If I did I would have followed the demon in my heads advice awhile ago." I pull out my dusty knife in example. 

We look at each other for a few minutes no one moves. Sighing I turn around and walk away. I yell over my shoulder, "Be careful getting off of the bridge, I don't want you falling off." Laughing sadly I walk away.

I know I should have killed them, but I didn't want to give Chara that satisfaction. I continue on till I get to the entrance of the cave and I look up."So you think just because you spared the kid I'll forgive you for killing everyone else?" 

"Nah" I yell back "I just didn't feel like giving the demon in my head that satisfaction." She takes off her helmet and yells back "What?" Laughing I yell at her to get down here so we can fight. She starts to laugh and says, "Prepare yourself human for Here! I! Come!" She jumps down and the battle commences. 

She throws me a spear to dodge with and I get positioned for the fight. My heart turns green and we begin our deadly dance. I have an evil plan that I'm kinda thinking Chara implanted, but I don't care. It is EPIC. If I could, I kinda feel I would high five them, and then stab them.

I dodge her first wave of spears and I spare her. She yells,"Don't you spare me." I yell back, "Don't worry, I'm just getting ready to give you the death you deserve." She replies "we'll see about that!" She sends her next two waves I dodge and spare her and my heart turns red. I take my chance and run through the entrance of the cave and keep going.

She used to be faster than me but over the millennia I have gotten a lot faster. We race to Hotland and pass the sentry point where Sans usually is asleep. I run over the bridge and wait.  She comes panting over the bridge and falls onto her stomach. She moans "No, not like this." I reply, "Don't worry your not gonna die of heat exhaustion." She looks up at me, "In fact, I'm gonna throw you in the sea." Understanding floods her eyes. "No, no, no" she keeps going as I walk over to her. She tries to get up but her armor is to hot and she is too dry.

I reach her and whisper in her ear, "Just be happy you can die." Her eyes widen as I push her over the bridge. She falls and lands in the sea of lava below us. I see her shatter into dust as she falls in. I hear her death scream just before she does.

I go over to the water cooler and grab a cup. I go back over to the bridge and throw it in. When I turn around I see the Otaku herself Alphys. Me and Chara both say at the same time "Oh, shit