"Where're the lads?"

"Louis and Ni, are around the corner. Fuck knows where Liam's at" Harry answers, turning backto his phone.

Zayn hums in response, ruffling Harry's hair before walking toward the other room "missed you"Harry grins up from his screen "missed you too"

\\

He still has a buzzing in his head, Harry's made it better but things still quite aren't whole.

Zayn hears him before he sees him

"Oi, bloody hell Niall, no biting!"

He hears Niall's manic laugh following directly after, "right Tommo, like you've never bitten mebefore"

Zayn rounds the last bit of the hall to see Niall straddling Louis, Louis reaching for a nipple topinch and gain the upper hand in their wrestling match.

"Still as mature as ever I see" he says, and grins with his tongue between his teeth as two headssnap toward him.

"ZAYN!" Niall yells as he hops up, wobbling a bit on his knee, before plowing towards Zayn.

And just like that he feels his ribs slot into place, his body almost whole and stable as the blondewraps his arms around him.

"Missed ya, y'wanker. Never did call me back on y'birtday."

Zayn squeezes him a little tighter "Sorry, Ni. Missed you more"

"Bloody idiots" he hears as Niall pulls away, replaced with a swift slap to his stomach and a twistto his nipple.

His body automatically reacts, reaching up to smack a hand across the back of Louis' head.

Pinching the back of his neck, pulling him into a half-hug, half-scuffle. Both boys giggling, tryingto catch their breath.

The buzzing in his head is gone. Replaced with "god Malik, your hair looks bloody stupid" but

Zayn hears "reunited and it feels so good" hummed under Niall's breath. Louis shoots a glare inNiall's direction, reaching up to tug on Zayn's small bun.

His whole body is thrumming. Energy running through him, Haz joining Niall on the floor, Louispiling on top and Zayn's almost done. He's almost full again, just one spot missing, floating rightin his chest.

\\

He hears footsteps coming from the opposite direction, gaining in volume as Mark and Liam maketheir way into the room. Mark rattling off some workout regime and info about protein shakeswhile Liam nods enthusiastically. Zayn smothers a laugh at how genuine Liam's being when Liamlooks up at him, grin breaking on his face, stumbling over to him and sweeping him up in acrushing hug.

"Zaynie"

And there it is. The last piece, the hole in his chest, right where his heart is, filling back up. Everysingle inch of him finally back in place.

He brings his hand up gripping the back of Liam's head, squeezing lightly. Liam leans back,running his hands along the buzzed sides of Zayn's head.

"Love it, s'very, I dunno, you"

Zayn barks out a laugh, shoving him away

"Thanks, mate."

He's still laughing when Louis says "alright boys, let's get to it then."

He watches Liam plop down next to Louis, a spot left for Zayn in between him and Niall.

He sits, grinning at Harry from his spot. Watching his boys chat about lineups and thumping eachother on the back of the head.

He feels whole again and there's absolutely no other place he'd rather be.

Pairing: Zayn/Liam

Zayn's waiting, albeit patiently, for the bartender to hand him their drinks. He's picking up theirusuals while Liam tries to find a booth. After what seems like forever, the bartender hands over

Liam's gin and tonic and Zayn's jack and coke. He politely thanks him, hands over his credit cardso he can leave the tab open, and scans the room for Liam. He finds him in the back of the bar,having secured them a small booth, talking to someone. And they've only been dating for about amonth now but he can tell that Liam's uncomfortable.

He walks over slowly, trying to assess the situation on the way. When he gets close enough hehears Liam doing his awkward chuckle. Zayn automatically wants to comfort him so he sets thedrinks down on the table, moving to wrap an arm around Liam's waist.

"Got us our drinks babe--"

Liam coughs loudly, over the last of Zayn words and not-so-subtly squirms away from Zayn'sembrace.

"Uhh Zayn" Liam clears his throat again "This is Andy, an old schoolmate of mine." He nodstowards the tall man across from him. "Andy, this is my mate Zayn." And the fact that Liamheavily emphasizes the word mate does not slip past Zayn unnoticed, especially paired with thepleading look Liam shoots him.

Zayn's stomach sinks.

"Hi-hi" he chokes out "It's nice to meet you" shaking Andy's hand.

He curls into himself,