-Oh! Your majesty, you’re awake! How are you feeling?”

Totally dodging the question of course… Suffice it is to say, Reisu was only on the journey to recover his strength so he didn’t persist with that line of questioning (for now), propping himself up on his elbows as much as his body would allow. “Forgive me for being crass, but I feel like shit.” The crude words left a curious, lingering, burning sensation, inwardly laughing at having thrown years of etiquette and proper speech out the window with just that sentence. He felt like it would save more energy if he allowed himself to be direct.

The assistant smiled softly, heading towards him so he could kneel at his side, brushing a stray lock of snow-white out of his face. “My apologies, but that’s your body still saying you need rest. Your wound,” ash-grey eyes drifted downwards to a bandaged torso, “has been treated—it needed stiches. But it wasn’t too deep and it will heal nicely. You did lose some blood…paired with stress and anxiety taking its toll on you: you’ve been rendered unconscious for a couple days.”

“A couple of days…?” Echoed the blond faintly, blinking rapidly. His mind wasn’t at its usual sharpness but the inquiry had already formulated on his tongue. “What’s been going? My co—err General Hiyato, how is he?”

The teenager paused, apprehensive, as if he didn’t know where to begin. “Well, things are finally becoming stable since there has been no figure of authority since both you and the general have been out of commission. The chain of command has been shaky as Lord Aoki has been…um…not fit to make decisions.” Sympathy glazed over his expression as he said this, averting his eyes from questioning hazel ones. “Lieutenant Kousuke has taken charge but—forgive me for saying this—he isn’t one you should really look to for leadership. We really need a more fitting candidate…”

Reisu tried not to look uncomfortable at that hopeful gaze, already hearing the unspoken request in the air. Luckily, the other male didn’t press him further, clearing his throat a bit before he continued on, “Oh yes, we managed to stabilize General Hiyato’s condition but he’s still unconscious and he needs a lot of time to heal. Master Jiichiro feels like we don’t know the full extent of his injuries—mostly in regards to his mental health. Such trauma has a tendency to have lasting effects on the brain; combine that with the momentum the arrow accrued when lodging in his eye…” Eiji coughed apologetically upon noticing the blonde’s increasingly paling skin complexion. “Well you get the idea.”

“Can I see him?” The request was uttered quietly, soft hazels downtrodden and hidden by black-tipped hair.

His answer was a sympathetic blink and a weak smile. “I-If you can manage the walk…your body is still recovering.”

Defeated, and knowing any protest would just waste his energy, the prince fell back onto his bed, running a hand through his hair only to pause. Last time he touched his hair, it had felt dry-ish due to it being dyed but now… Confused, curious fingers pushed a couple of strands to come into his line of sight, blinking back at Eiji with a raised brow. A sheepish grin was his only response for a moment as the teenager turned away from him, a faint blush dusting fair skin.

“A-Ah well, you needed to be washed and that of course meant your hair too. And,” he swallowed, embarrassed, “some people were questioning your um…heritage. For those that have seen the prince, it has been said his hair was the color of the sun. So to appease certain people’s suspicions, some house servants washed your hair when they tended you. Some of it stubbornly, namely on the edges, remain.”

It made sense but that did nothing to dissuade the tide of embarrassment at the prospect of girls possibly seeing him naked, or anyone for that matter. No one’s eyes (save for his own and his mother—may she rest in peace) ever beheld him naked. To do so was sacrilegious. Had things been how they should, those girls probably would’ve been executed. But all he could do was feel grateful for the care and concern he was showed.

“Does his majesty need anything?”

Hazel orbs closed at the gentle prompting, feeling the soreness of his body finally making itself known to him, an ache he had never had the displeasure to experience himself. “No. Just some more rest would be good.”

And maybe for things to turn around.



 





~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~





 



A few days passed between bouts of fitful restfulness and time spent getting used to the soreness that came with moving about, regaining his strength steadily till he was able to walk about without getting fatigued. Eiji had been his primary caretaker with occasional sparadoic visits from the town’s physician when he