his head against the mattress. He’s so fucking hard and horny and Liam won’t touch him.

“Please.” He cries once more.

“Earn it.” Liam says. Tea on the armrest and fingers aligned as he patiently waits.

Zayn grits his teeth and reaches down to his hole again. He huffs and bites his lip in effort as he pokes his rim. Sliding a finger inside. He adds another and tries to scissor himself but that angle’s not working. He huffs again and struggles to try bring his hand to his cock in a futile attempt at wanking off. It, as expected does not work. Zayn arches his back and looks at Liam, lips agape and eyes blown in lust. He licks his lip and tries to tempt Liam into losing control and fucking him. Liam, frustratingly does not seem affected and does not move. Zayn whines and wriggles around. It only makes him more aroused, how helpless he is, how much he depends on Liam. 

Somehow he ends up on his stomach and begins humping the bed. It’s little friction is very unsatisfactory and he moans, to his great surprise. Liam looks pleased and starts to palm his cock as Zayn wriggles around, desperately humping the bed, trying to drag his cock along the sheets to emulate some friction but unable to do properly because his binds won’t let him. 

“Please, daddy please.” Zayn begs, knowing how much calling Liam’ daddy’ works him. Rolling his hips against the sheets. “Fuck me please.” He whines, near crying from how aroused and frustrated he is. 

Liam hums. Standing from his seat and Zayn watches him pad towards the bed. Liam rests a hand on his ass and Zayn pushes up into it, begging. “Daddy, I need you please!”

Liam huffs. “I dunno baby ‘m a bit disappointed you thought you could get yourself off without me.”
Zayn knows it’s part of the scene. “‘M sorry daddy, I didn’t mean to.” He huffs, continuing to roll his hips and struggle. Liam leans over him and retrieves a vibrator from the box. It’s a small one, in the shape of a thick dick. It’s made of silicone and has a few bumps in it. It’s remote controlled and new, Liam bought it wondering when they would get around to using it. 

Liam flips Zayn over and props him against the pillows just like he had before getting a tea and lubes it up. Zayn watches with hooded eyes as Liam presses it into his hole, but not far enough for his prostate. 

“Not quite earnt my cock yet baby you’re gonna have to show me you want it.” He whispers into Zayn’s ear, biting down on the lobe.
Zayn gasps at his words and rocks down on his fingers and the vibrator. “Please daddy.”
Liam hums, “not yet baby, I just wanna see you squirm, wanna get you loud yeah?” He says. With that, he pushes the vibrator all the way in, making Zayn’s back arch off the bed with a surprised gasp when it hits his prostate and stands back. He sits back in his chair and thumbs the remote.

He waits for Zayn to settle back down before he presses the button for vibrations. Zayn’s back flies up off the bed again with a shriek. Liam smirks at him, watching him gasp and squirm in pleasure as he kept pressing the button at random times. Even without the vibrations he could feel the head nuzzled against his prostate. Within minutes he was crying out and making these embarrassing “ah ah ah” noises that he couldn’t stop. Zayn was shocked, he wasn’t even trying to be louder, but the random vibrations seemed to send shocks to his brain which he couldn’t control.

“Come on babe.” Liam says from the seat, “show me you want it yeah?”
Zayn nods erratically, fucking his hips back down on the vibrator and crying out whenever Liam turns it on.
“Cum for me yeah?” Liam tells him
Zayn nods again, squirming around and calling out as his orgasm builds up. His back arches in pleasure so that his head supports his body upright and mewls. Liam switches off the vibrator for longer periods and leaves it on for more extensive periods than before. Zayn shudders at how close he is. It’s like he’s a moment away from orgasming but then the vibrations switched off and it’s not quite enough to get him off.

Liam waits and takes pleasure in Zayn squirming from oversensitivity. Zayn’s chest rises and falls erratically, whimpering at the onslaught in stimulation. 

“You’re going to cum now, yeah Zaynie.” Liam tells him.

Zayn nods, “anything for you daddy.” He chokes out. Wriggling about for the next few minutes as the pressure and vibrations against his prostate become too much. He lets out a small “ah!” as his orgasm leaves him trembling. 

Liam stops the vibrations and stands, leaving the vibrator remote on the armrest and