mannered and sincere, had always served as a cushion to her sisters' sharp edges: their sharp tongues, their sharp wits, their sharp personalities. That wasn't to say that Molly wasn't fair intelligent, for she was quite bright, and neither was she dull. She had always been her father's favorite, and her sisters never begrudged her of this spot in his heart, for they'd never placed much importance on this spot, always preferring the love of their late mother.

They would soon observe this importance, though.

Cordelia was the first to be asked.

Lord Ashton was ready to retire his position as lord of his small fief and give control to one of his daughters. Which one, though, he had no clue. He loved them all dearly, and respected them for their differences. All three would be excellent choices to run his land.

So he asked them a question.

"How much do you love me?"

Cordelia, who was embroidering at the time her father asked this, immediately sensed a test. She was as keen as a blade, differing from the much less intellectual Florence and the slightly-naive Molly. What's he asking this for? she wondered. She pondered it for a brief moment, connecting her father's age to a desire to give the fief to one of the daughters, but failing to decide which.

Cordelia did want control of the fief, but did not care if one of her sisters had control instead of her. Better safe than sorry, though, she thought ruefully, knowing her father's mercurial countenance and fearing that if she did not answer grandly, then he would take offense.

"More than all the gold in the kingdom," she told him.

Florence was asked next.

Without hesitation, the twenty-three year old stated, "More than all the jewels in the world," hardly thinking about her answer and wanting only to satisfy her father.

Molly was asked last.

As Lord Ashton approached his youngest daughter, he felt a growing excitement. His youngest was a scholar, a reader of books- always very creative. He felt that, out of the three daughters, she truly loved him the most and would give him the best answer.

"How much do you love me, Molly dear?" he asked his youngest daughter, who was sitting in the windowsill with a book in hand.

Molly looked up at him with her fallow brown eyes. After a moment's thought, she answered simply, "As much as meat loves seasoning."

Her father stood stock still, taken aback by such a dull answer. "…Say it again?"

Molly looked up from her book, oblivious to his distress. "…As much as meat loves seasoning?"

So he had heard her correctly. His heart pounded. The daughter he most wanted to inherit his fief had given him the most disappointing answer he could imagine. Does she not love me as her sisters do? They listed valuables, she tells me…meat and seasoning?

Suddenly overtaken by grief and anger, he said impulsively, "Get out."

Molly stood, seeming alarmed. "I'm sorry, Father. Is everything all right?"

"I want you to leave! Get out of this house. Off my land!"

Cordelia, who was walking through the halls, paused in front of the doorway, seeming puzzled. "What's going on? Molly?"

Molly walked quickly to her sister's side. "Father said I must leave."

Cordelia's eyebrows furrowed. "Father, what is the meaning of this?"

"Most loved, loves least!" said Lord Ashton accusingly, pointing a finger at Molly, who shrank backwards towards her elder sister. "You will go. I do not wish to see you again."

Molly let out a surprised gasp and Cordelia quickly wrapped an arm around her shoulder. "Molly, dear," she said softly, eyes not leaving their livid father, "he's just having a little spat; go to your room and wait for him to calm down-"

"NO!" Lord Ashton yelled, causing both girls to jump. "She will go, and that is my order as your lord and father!"

Cordelia and Molly stared at him. Quietly, Cordelia murmured, "Go pack your things."

"B-But-!"

"Do as I say. Leave here and go to the city. Florence and I will come find you during the coronation. It's only next week, no?"

"Cordelia-"

"No protesting. Go pack, now. I promise we will find you."

Molly left Hooper fief with enough money to last her for a few weeks and a few gowns, and headed towards the capital.

It was on her way that she stopped for a drink at a river. She peered down at her reflection in the moving water.

A muddled Molly stared back and not for the first time, she wished for her sisters' striking good looks. Molly was the only one who had not been approached yet by suitors, something that would not have been so discouraging had her sisters not