This calls for desperate measures.

"Listen, I'm sorry," he says, in a low voice so he won't wake the rest of the cave. "I shouldn't have done that, okay? I'm an asshole. Happy now?"

Rodney finally turns around. Even in the dim light from the fireplace, John can tell that he's glaring and still extremely angry. "No, I'm not happy, Colonel. I'm cold. Which part of cold do you not understand? The part where you thought it was a good idea to make me even colder by burying me in a snowdrift?"

"I said I'm sorry, Rodney. What else do you want from me?"

Rodney just huffs and lies back on his side, the broad planes of his back radiating pissiness. John knows that unless he finds a way to fix this right now, it's going to take a long time and a lot of chocolate until Rodney's back in his bed.

"All right," he says finally, pushing the furs aside. "Come on, McKay. Let's go." He reaches out and pulls Rodney's furs off as well, causing sputtering indignant protests.

"What, are you determined to make sure I end up as an icicle? Leave me alone, Colonel!"

"No," John says, forcing Rodney to his feet. He's all but shivering and John actually feels bad about that snowball. Rodney hates the cold, everyone knows this and keeps teasing him about it, but that doesn't make it any less true. "I was going to warm you up actually. Teyla told me about this place earlier. It should be empty now, so come on before we wake everyone."

Rodney snatches up a fur from the floor and wraps it around his shoulders. He looks like a very angry caveman. "All right. I'm doing this under protest and only for the prospect of being warm again. And you can forget getting any, because it will not happen."

John takes a torch from the cave wall and lits it in the fireplace. It's cold and damp outside the pallets on the floor. Teyla keeps snoring, and Ronon turns around and farts again but doesn't wake up. John shivers a little as the chilly air hits his skin and goes to get a fur of his own before leading the way out of the cave and down the corridors.

It takes them a while to get there and Rodney keeps complaining, but John feels better and better with every step. At least Rodney is talking to him again, even if it's mostly insulting comments about his parentage and his IQ.

When they reach their destination, Rodney shuts up momentarily, taking in the room full of steam, the faint smell of sulphur in the air. "Hot springs," he breathes, mesmerized by the sight.

"Yep," John says, letting his fur fall to the floor. "Gonna stand there all night or are you getting in?"

Rodney sheds his clothes automatically, not taking his eyes off the water and the misty tendrils of steam rising from it. He really must be cold, John thinks. His cock is soft and small and oddly vulnerable, tightly nestled between his legs. When he steps into the water, he lets out a happy little noise. "Oh god. This is heaven."

"Still angry at me?" John asks as he undresses and dips his toes into the pool. The water is perfect, hot enough to send shivers of glorious warmth through his entire body.

"Hmm," Rodney mumbles, sinking into the hot spring. "Let me get back to you on that." He closes his eyes and leans his head against the side of the pool, body floating in the water. His pale skin is quickly turning pink and blushed with heat as he relaxes with a sigh.

"Would a blowjob help?" John suggests and wades through the water to join Rodney. It really is heaven. John doesn't like baths much as a rule; he prefers a quick shower, but he knows that Rodney fought off half a platoon of women to get the suite with the bathtub and more than one of his tablets have died a watery, bubbly death. And, well, John could learn to like this. He feels warmed up to the core, muscles he didn't even knew were tense relaxing.

Rodney thinks about that for a while, but his cock doesn't seem entirely opposed to the idea, slowly filling and thickening against his thigh. "All right," he says finally, as if he's doing John a great favour by complying. "But it better be a good one."

John smirks. "Get up a little then, I don't want to drown."

In the shallow end of the pool, the stones have formed a little bench and Rodney sits down there, half in and half out of the water. The head of his cock breaks the surface. John licks his lips as he kneels between Rodney's spread legs,