to his test paper, his mind was a mess between variables and numbers. How the hell would his teacher expect him to answer a math test during his heat?

"Time's up! Pass your papers." Zayn immediately announced, looking at his watch to confirm he was collecting the papers at the exact time. Niall mumbled some curses before hesitantly giving his test paper in front. He wasn't even able to answer at least 10 freaking questions. Ugh, what a shit day.

"Is everybody's paper here?" The students all let out a 'yes' and Zayn replied, "Okay, class dismissed."

With that, Niall bolted out of the room, running to the nearest restroom he could find before shutting himself into one of the cubicles. There, he winced. He needs something up in his hole, now. But he wasn't able to bring his favourite toy so his stuck with his fingers. He unbuckled his belt, then sliding his pants along with his boxers down to his ankles. He inserted two fingers inside his hole, full of slick.

His fingers were able to enter immediately because of the slick acting as lube of some sort. He moaned, feeling a hint of pleasure now that something was inside his hole. He added another finger, pulling them in and out of his wet hole. "Ahhh," He moaned when suddenly he heard the door creaking open then being closed within a second.

"I heard you, Niall. I was also able to follow your scent, very easy with an omega in his heat." A voice said, Niall already figured who it was. Liam.

"I can help, you know? I can offer you my knot to ease the pain." Liam smirked, taking a few steps, getting nearer and nearer to the cubicle where Niall was.

Niall doesn't know what to say, part of him wanted to say yes and let Liam knot him but the other part was telling him no because Liam was a jerk (according to school gossips) and he barely knows the guy. Niall was pulled away from his thoughts when he heard his door shaking because of Liam trying to open it. "Shit." He silently mumbled although it was no use because werewolves have super hearing and Liam could hear him and even follow his scent.

Liam used his supernatural strength to break the lock then opening the door to see Niall, pants down to his ankles, fingers were out of his hole but covered with slick and his hole was on full display.

"Ah, preparing yourself already, huh? I know you'd take my offer. Don't worry, I'm also prepared." Liam smiled mischievously, pulling down his pants only for Niall to see that Liam was already hard, fully erect underneath the fabric of his boxers.

That moment, he was sure he doesn't want to be knotted by Liam. He felt disgusted. He pulled his pants up, ready to run but Liam caught hold of his wrist, pushing him back to the toilet seat then pulling his pants down again. Liam started to lick his ear, he tried pushing him but Liam remained his stance.

Until . . . Liam was pulled back then receiving a blow on the face making him stumble back. Liam flashed his eyes. He was just a beta. Niall turned to see who the mystery person was, catching a glimpse of red eyes . . . it was an alpha, his teacher.

Zayn had fangs on full display. His eyes were glowing red as his chest heaved up and down due to anger. Once Liam moved his head up, Zayn let out a loud growl and then said, "Stay away from my mate or I'll fucking rip you to shreds!"

It was an alpha's growl and order and Liam was just a beta so he doesn't have any choice but to obey, he could also feel his knees trembling a bit. He went to the cubicle where Niall was ordering him to pull his pants up. The omega was scared, shaking as he pulled his pants up and buckled his belt.

Zayn took his hands, leaving Liam whose face was bruised and was whimpering in pain because even though it was a single blow, it had a lot of force.

Niall tried to hide his whimper, seeing Zayn eyes were still red and his nostrils flaring. He was so focused on looking at Zayn that he didn't realized the door being shut and locked. "So you need my knot, huh?" Zayn said, looking smug as he ran his thumb across his bottom lip.

Niall couldn't deny. That was fucking hot.

He nodded and Zayn lifted him up, making him wrap his legs around Zayn's waist as Zayn started to kiss him rather hard, he could sense that Zayn was still angry. Zayn's tongue entered his mouth, running against the roof of his mouth. He moaned.

Zayn threw the things on the table then placing Niall down. It was his room anyway. He pulled away from Niall's lips, moving to the blonde boy's ear as