partner to canine handler, Mikoshiba Seijurou.

During this time, a barking from a certain Doberman could be heard echoing through the clinic. It kept trying to break free of its owner's grasp, frantically wanting to reach its friend. Nothing would settle the dog, no matter how much Matsuoka Gou, his handler, ordered him to heel. But she understood her dog's panic; its friend was in grave danger, and he wanted to be there with him.

Tears threatened to trickle down her face as she wrapped her arms around her dog, using all her might to hold down her canine partner. The last thing she'd want was for him to interrupt the surgery that was meant to save Sei's partner.

Next to her, Mikoshiba Momotarou could only hug his own dog, a Cocker Spaniel. His own dog's presence brought him slight comfort, but he was as distressed as his older brother who sat on the chair, face buried in his hands.

The Doberman hasn't ceased barking since they've entered the clinic, and the secretary of the clinic, Hazuki Nagisa, could feel the depressing atmosphere. The clock ticked at quarter to midnight, nearly two hours after their actual closing hours. His two other colleagues and he had been having their supper within the clinic when their doors were frantically rapped on. They were shocked to see the police, with one carrying a dog with a bleeding shoulder.

Immediately,the vets set out to do their task while Nagisa handled paper work. It's been fifteen minutes then.

A scratching noise caught his attention from the back, and he went to check it out. Finding who it was, he gave a smile to no one, and opened the door that separated the corridor from the reception area.

Once the door was open, an unusually large Golden Retriever trotted towards Gou, or more specifically, the Doberman. Once the Doberman noticed the presence of a stranger dog, it ceased barking and turned its attention to it. He eyed the approaching ball of yellow-gold, and was surprised when the retriever nosed the Doberman at his cheek, as if in communication.

Gou was thoroughly surprised that her dog never made a single pip after. Whatever the Golden Retriever was doing, it was calming her dog down, up to the point she could sit on the chairs without her partner causing a ruckus. Now, she simply watched as the Retriever laid down on its tummy, and her Doberman mirroring the stance.

Sei couldn't care less about what was happening around him. He was still blaming himself for the negligence that caused his dog to get hurt. He didn't check if the burglar was wielding any potential weapon. He simply ordered his dog to seize the man trying to run away, and his dog successfully did, clamping its tough jaws around the man's arm. What he hadn't expected was the slight glint of a small weapon, followed by it disappearing into the side of his dog.

But his Dutch Shepherd didn't let go, taking its duty as priority as he continued holding onto the crook until his handler could arrest the criminal. Sei didn't know whether to feel proudness or dread at that point in time, when he could see a pocket knife still embedded in his dog's shoulder. Thankfully, Gou caught up with him and suggested driving to the nearest vet clinic in the area, praying that somehow, it would be open despite the late hours.

Both Gou and Momotarou kept saying that it wasn't his fault, and that his dog would be okay. He wanted to believe so, too. He knew his dog was a strong individual, smart with a willpower unrivalled. But there was so much blood... 

He wanted to talk to the vets to check with the situation, about to stand when he found himself staring at a pair of striking blue eyes right in front of him. Sei was taken aback when a black cat was seated in front of him, long tail curled around the front of its feet. It stared at him, and Sei wondered where this fella came from.

Sei wasn't fond of cats, always having preferred the active canine breed. But at the present moment, he couldn't care less about preference. He picked the black cat up, albeit a little clumsily as he lacked the proper knowledge on how to carry them. The cat didn't seem to mind, and was being settled onto his lap. It didn't hesitate curling its feet under its chest, and looking up once more at the tear-stricken face of the human.

Large hands stroked the cat from head to hind, and once in a while, he'd scratch the feline under his chin. The cat was purring, and the sound calmed him down. To his side, his younger brother had also taken a seat, and was excited to see the a cat so unafraid despite being in a small area with three dogs.

They weren't sure where the cat came from, but their attention shifted when the door from the surgery room was opened, and a