A chrome-covered Stormtrooper was pulled out of one of the ships and brought towards Poe and Lor San Tekka, roughly forced to her knees in front of Poe by the old man.

            No, Lor San Tekka would never, he’d –

A chrome-covered Stormtrooper was pulled out of one of the ships and brought towards Poe and Lor San Tekka, and she slowly lowered herself to her knees at Lor San Tekka’s instruction.

She removed her helmet and shook out the short blonde hair that had been plastered to the sides of her head. “We surrender to the Resistance,” she said in a soft, powerful voice, holding out her hands as two armed villagers clasped binders to her wrists.

“She looks to be the leader,” said Lor San Tekka, smiling. “Seems like everything’s been taken care of, thanks to you.”

Poe nodded back, forcing a smile of his own as his heart raced and his head pounded against his skull. Resting his hands on his knees, he closed his eyes to try to get his vision to stop spinning. He took long, deep breaths but still felt like he wasn’t getting enough oxygen. Behind his eyes he felt a growing pressure, like altitude sickness, like he had been flying an old planet-bound aircraft and had drifted too high.  

Above him, Lor San Tekka seemed unfazed. “We may have a victory here, son, but if the First Order know the map is here they won’t stop looking for it. You’d best be getting back to the Resistance with it before more show up.”

“I thought you just said everything was taken c–”

“Where is the map now?” San Tekka asked with concern, staring directly at Poe. “I know you were protecting it from the First Order but we stopped them. Where is it? You can tell me.”


Tell me.  


Poe opened his mouth to speak but hesitated, unsettled by the old man’s change in tone and urgency. This didn’t feel correct. Their victory was too easy, too clean.

A younger man from the village came up behind him and clapped him on the shoulder with a hearty laugh, holding Poe tight against him, fingers digging into his skin, edging towards pain.

“You can trust Ol’ Lor here, Poe Dameron. Wasn’t he the one who gave you the map in the first place?”

Poe felt the pain behind his eyes flare up again and he choked out a breath. The villager just smiled back at him, grip tight on Poe’s arm as Poe tried to wriggle out of his hold. “Listen, guys, I –”

“You don’t have to tell us,” San Tekka interjected. “In fact, you should probably call the General and let her know your status instead.”

Poe shook his head and instantly regretted it as he was nearly knocked to the ground by the way his vision rocked back and forth like a ship caught in a storm. He pushed down the bile that was rising in his throat, eyes pleading for someone, anyone, to notice he was clearly unwell.

“My ship, they – they shot it. Don’t think the comms will work.”

Lor San Tekka’s smile persisted. “I have a direct line to the General. No need for your ship.”

Poe tried counting his breaths as he was led to one of the nearby huts – apparently Lor San Tekka’s, though it was much closer than he remembered – and thankfully given a soft pillow to sit on. The forceful villager from earlier had disappeared, nodding to both men on his way out.

He was alone again, with Lor San Tekka, a communication relay set out on the table between them. Poe hadn’t seen whoever had left it there.

“Well? Go ahead, son. Time is valuable here. Give the General a call.”

Poe took a deep breath and closed his eyes, trying to ground himself to make his next move without the influence and prodding of those around him. This all felt familiar somehow, twisted and distorted and incomplete, like a story only half-written. Where Lor San Tekka’s muted grace had once been was replaced something closer to a manic drive to get Poe’s information back to the Resistance.

            No, not back to the Resistance. Not on a ship, to a communicator, to –

“Aren’t you going to call the General? Let her know you’re safe and I’m safe and that you have the map?”

            No, this was wrong.

            Why wouldn’t they be safe? Why would she assume otherwise?

Poe waved a dismissive hand at the old man as the other clutched his temple, trying to stop the ache that had started as a trickle and was now flooding his senses. He hissed in pain as he doubled over, coughing up blood.

“You are wasting time, Poe. Call the General. Tell her where you’ve put the map.” Lor San Tekka’s face had grown cold, his eyes narrowed into a look of