He grabs the bar of soap and rubs it onto Dean’s skin, watching as the filth from their hunt goes down the drain. Dean lets out a shaky breath and whispers Sam’s name. Sam shushes him, giving him a slight smile.

Sometimes, Sam’s hit with the fact that Dean needs this. Needs him. Dean. Independent, strong, witty Dean. Needs his little brother like he’s air.

Sam tries to finish quickly, but makes sure he does a thorough job. When he’s done, he dries Dean off and leads him back to the bed.

He grabs his things from his bag and raises Dean’s arms, cuffing him to the headboard.

Gonna take care of you, he thinks, gonna make sure you’re okay. Dean looks up at him and curves his lips upwards a little as if he heard Sam’s thoughts. Sam leans down and presses his lips to the bruise on Dean’s shoulder, “It hurts, doesn’t it?”

Dean nods, “They all do.”

Sam takes his fingers and finds another bruise on Dean’s hip, sinks his nails in. Dean gasps and writhes under him, but Sam can see him getting hard. He shushes him and tries to kiss the sound out of him, licks his way into his mouth.

Dean’s tired. He’s so fucking tired. Sam can tell, and he wishes he could make it all better.

Sam wraps his hand around Dean’s cock, stroking once, slowly from base to tip. Dean makes a noise low in his throat and Sam does it again.

Dean looks up at him, shattered and Sam coos, “I know.” Don’t worry, I’ve got you.

Sam reaches up, digging his nails into Dean’s chest and sliding them down, leaving red trails in their wake. Dean arches up into his touch, needy.

Sam grabs the lube and spreads some onto his fingers, slipping two into Dean. Dean whines and Sam says, “I know you can take it.” Even if he couldn’t, he’d probably like it anyway.

Strangely enough, this is how Dean unwinds.

Sam leans down, face to face with his brother, his fingers still working him open. He whispers, “It’s never about breaking you.”

He sees tears well up in Dean’s eyes and it’s strange. So unusual. Dean doesn’t cry. Ever. So why now?

Dean nods and bites his lower lip to keep it from trembling.

Sam kisses him then, unable to see Dean in such a wrecked state. “God, Dean,” he says, “we’ll be fine.” He pulls his fingers out and pushes in, making sure Dean can feel every inch. Dean clenches his fists and grits his teeth, shutting his eyes tightly.

Sam starts a fast rhythm, sliding in and out. It’s on the rough side, but he knows Dean likes it this way. Especially since his cock is leaking, leaving wet trails on his belly.

He touches Dean’s scars, tracing them. Dean shudders under him, turning his head in an attempt to hide himself. But it does nothing, of course, he’s still spread out for Sam. “It’s okay. This is okay.”

At first, it was weird. Sam didn’t think he could give his brother what he needed. He didn’t think he would be enough for him. But he realized that if it wasn’t him, Dean would fall apart at the seams.

Dean tugs at the restraints and Sam leans down to nip at his neck. He knows Dean has a love-hate relationship with the handcuffs. He loves being at Sam’s mercy, but he hates not being able to touch him.

Sam’s skin is so smooth and tan, unlike his, freckled and rough. Dean wants to reach out, wants to feel Sam. As if touching him will somehow bring back the innocence that Dean feels he took away. It wasn’t his fault, of course, being pushed into a job like this with a demanding father, it was hard being a kid. You have to grow up fast. Need you, he thinks.

Sam’s hands are slightly calloused, from years of being a hunter. But they feel so good wrapped around his cock, trying to draw his orgasm from him. He’s close, so close, but Sam hasn’t said anything yet. It’s a rule, come when Sam tells him he can. Dean tries so hard, tries to be good for his brother.

“C’mon, Dean. Whenever you’re ready.”

Dean bucks his hips up into Sam’s fist and comes with a groan, throwing his head back. Sam keeps pumping his cock, making Dean cry out when he’s over sensitive. “Think you can come one more time? For me?”

Dean nods and Sam sees a tear fall from the