enough Liam can feel his breath against his hot skin.

"Don’t you think I would’ve by now?!" Liam shouts back.

It takes them both by surprise but Liam doesn’t feel guilty.

"I’d like to see you out there killing people for a living! Especially someone that you’ve gotten—" Liam stops himself quickly. He looks away and bows his shaking head. "Doesn’t matter." He mutters.

"Liam," Niall says, his voice now unexpectedly soft. "I know you were thinkin’ ‘bout leavin’ this job before I gave you this task, but all I’m askin’ is don’t let that effect you."

He puts a hand on Liam’s shoulder, squeezing it once for reassurance. “You’re stronger than this. I know it.”

And for some reason, Liam feels the need to cry. But he doesn’t, of course. He just looks Niall in the eye and forces a smile.

"That’s my boy," Niall says, ruffling Liam’s hair, "Do me proud."

And with that, Niall walks out, his shoes tapping with every step. Liam waits until he exits the room to fall into the bag again, his arms wrapped around it, holding on for dear life.

-

Liam walks into the washroom after packing away his gloves. He goes to take his runners off and sits down; on top of something that makes a crinkly sound.

He stands up and turns, only to groan at the newspaper, the headline something to do with Louis. He picks it up and shakes it angrily.

Our Objects. Gone. Now In The Hands Of Australia’s No. 1 Criminal. It reads.

There’s a paparazzi photo of Louis walking down the street on the front. Underneath, the caption: Louis Tomlinson. If we can capture a photo, why can’t they capture him?

Liam groans and sits back down, the newspaper scrunched in his hands. He tilts his head back onto the cold tiles and closes his eyes.

"He would not be in this much publicity if he had just put a mask on from the start." He says to himself.

All the objects that Louis has taken are pictured and laid down on a double-paged section. There are about 40 different treasures. From little gold earrings to massive sculptures, all taken by this boy.

Liam shakes his head and rolls up the paper, throwing it as hard as he can against one of the walls when he reads the sentence below: How can somebody be this selfish to steal the nation’s treasures and keep the money for his own good? This maniac needs to be stopped before his reckless actions cease further.

"HE IS NOT SELFISH!" Liam shouts, his face turning red. He kicks the bench he was sitting on, furious at how the media can make such sharp judgements about a boy who is helping others.

Liam brings back his arm to punch the tiled wall through anger, when a delicate hand is rested on his arm to stop him.

"Only you would know that."

Josh’s voice is calm behind him. Liam sighs and drops his arm to his side, his eyes falling to his shoes.

"Why didn’t I just quit?" Liam says, his voice so quiet now.

"Because you want to make everyone happy." Josh tells him, his hands now on Liam’s shoulders to turn him around. "We all know how difficult this is for you. But, Liam, at the end of the day it’s only between you and Louis." Josh gives him a hug, his head resting against Liam’s shoulder. "And you can’t leave me just yet."


Between you and Louis


That’s right. It is a battle between Liam and Louis. If Louis dies, Liam survives. If Liam dies, Louis survives.

A punch of something dreadful seeps into Liam. The concept of kill or be killed is stronger than it’s ever been.

But that’s his job. And the only question is, is he strong enough?

Liam hugs him back, squeezing a little. Hoping that this terrible realisation will vanish with some affection.

"I know." He says, quivering. His voice drops to a whisper, "I won’t."

-

To have something pulling on your chest so much it makes you feel like throwing up should be illegal. It’s the only thing Liam feels when he parks down the road from Louis’ house, the familiar surroundings causing Liam to break out in a sweat. He doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to kill.

But he doesn’t want to be dead, either.

He steps out onto the wet grass, the chilly air surprising Liam more than it should’ve. The ground is still wet from the afternoon rain, and his shoes are beginning to fill with water the more he shuffles through the grass, a gun on his back, binoculars around his neck.

Louis’ already in