. He blushed and smiled. He wrapped his small arms about my neck and kissed my cheek with his wet lips. He pulled away and then squeezed himself into my lap. Surprisingly, I didn’t cringe at all.

“Aww! Levi! You and Eren are so cute!” Hanji screamed as she walked in.

“I’m surprise that he likes you. He’s usually suspicious of strangers,” Dr. Jaeger informed me.

“Yea, no kidding. He doesn’t like me at all!” Hanji exclaimed as she held out her arms for Eren.

Eren looked at Hanji, who had on her signature crazy face on, and then looked back at me. While holding on to me, he looked back at Hanji. He scooted his body closer into my arms as possible. He stuck his lower lip out in a pout.

“Eren! Why won’t you play with me?!” Hanji asked.

“No~!” Eren whined and teared up.

“Please~?” Hanji whined back while holding out her hand to the brat.

“NO!” Eren exclaimed as he gently pushed Hanji’s hand away. I felt myself trying to not laugh. The kid was a rude one.

“Eren, be nice. I apologize, Eren really doesn’t like strangers. But, he’ll get used to you soon enough,” Dr. Grisha told Hanji. He turned his attention to me. “Thank you for playing with him.”

“It’s fine, he is a little whiney though,” I replied.

“Daddy!” Eren smiled as he grabbed my arm to wrap himself with. “I’m gonna be Lebi’s wifey!”

“What?” Dr. Grisha questioned with a shocked expression. The doctor slowly laughed to himself. It wasn’t everyday that your three year old son says that he wants to marry a man who was nineteen years older than said son. “Um… I’m not so sure about that.”

“But… I wanna,” Eren pouted and teared up for his daddy to look at him with guilt. The brat was very skilled, because Grisha was left speechless and couldn't deny his son.

“Maybe if you still want to when you’re an adult and Levi agrees to it,” Grisha replied.

“Yay!” Eren giggled into his hands.

The doctor mouthed a “sorry” to me and I nodded, telling him that it was fine. I stared at the little shit on my lap. He looked at me with questioning eyes. I responded by patting his head. Somehow I felt as if this “promise” would come back haunt me.

“OH MY GOD!!!! He is so precious! I’m jealous of you Levi!” Hanji screeched.

“He’s freaking three, calm yourself,” I filtered myself even though I wanted to choke her so fucking much.

“Eren! I promise to make Levi play with you all the time if you let me hold you,” Shitty four eyes bribed the kid.

Eren pouted and stared at four eyes. He thought to himself with a very tensed face. He looked so constipated. After his thinking, he slowly reached out his hands to Hanji. I could not believe that he got bribed with me as fucking bait. He was making me a fucking pedophile in name. Hanji squealed and picked up the boy. She threw him up the air a couple of times and spun around more than necessary.

“Waaah! Hehehehe!” Eren giggled, excited from the feeling of nearly falling.

“Aww!!! You are so cute Eren! You’ll make a wonderful bride!” Hanji exclaimed.

I rolled my eyes and checked my phone since it vibrated. I got a text from Commander Eyebrows telling me and Hanji to not be late for fucking greasey ass pizza with the rest of the crew. I replied that we were coming soon and then locked my phone. I looked up to see shitty four eyes put Eren on the ground. The brat held up his arms as if wanting to be thrown up again. Hanji was complaining how tired she was.

“Hanji, Erwin said to not be late, and if we’re gonna do that then we have to leave now,” I told the shitfest.

“Okay,” Hanji replied. She turned to Eren. “Bye bye Eren, it was nice meeting you. Levi and I have to go now.” Eren nodded and she then turned to Grisha to have a conversation.

The brat walked his way up to me as I stood up. He lifted his arms, wanting me to pick him up. I relented and grabbed the brat to hold him in my arms. The little shit hugged me so fucking tight, I would think he was trying to choke me.

“Bye brat,” I said once he pulled away to look at me.

“Hmm…” Eren teared up. “Do you hafta go?”

“I already made plans with my friend, Erwin,” I tried to reason with him. I felt so ashamed to admit that Eyebrows was my friend, but it was true nevertheless. The brat pouted, and I