called Liam and told him he was going to take a little break from the tour because he wasn’t feeling well.
‘Guys, he won’t come back,’ I panicked. Louis rolled his eyes at me. ‘Don’t say that, he’s just stressed out, he’ll be back.’ I shook my head in disbelief. ‘He’s lying.’ I mumbled.
‘Of course he isn’t lying, he isn’t going to let us down for the rest of the tour.’ Harry tried to calm me down, but it didn’t work, I was sure he wouldn’t come back, I could feel it.

I walked away from the boys, back to my hotel room. I sat on my bed, grabbed my phone and called Zayn.

‘Niall? Why are you calling me, didn’t Liam explain everything?’ I heard him say through the phone. ‘Why don’t you want to be in the band anymore?’ I asked right away. ‘Why would you think that? I’m coming back for the shows in South-Africa.’ I could hear he was lying to me in his voice, why is that so easy for him? Doesn’t he care? ‘Please come back,’ I whispered. ‘I will, alright?’ I sighed. ‘Promise?’ I asked. ‘I promise, I love you Niall.’ 

And I knew he was lying, and I knew that everything he ever said to me was a lie. I didn’t mean anything to him, I wasn’t much more than a toy for when he was bored. How could I ever think, that he loved me just as much as I loved him? How could I ever think that one day he would tell me he would choose me instead of her? 

He wasn’t coming back, and I knew it. But even though I knew all of that, I couldn’t stop myself telling myself that he was speaking the truth and that he loved me dearly. What else could I do? I had to lie to myself for the longest time possible, because if I didn’t, I’d go crazy.

It was a week later and nerves were taking over my entire body. Louis, Liam, Harry and me just came off stage and it was a giant mess. Almost everyone was on the phone, with a big frown on their faces while pacing through the room. No one seemed to pay attention to the fact that we just finished our concert in Jakarta, I knew what was happening but I didn’t want to admit it.

‘Hey!’ Louis called out, trying to get someone’s attention but it didn’t help much. Only a few people from the local crew looked in our direction.Louis, Liam and Harry walked towards our manager, who didn’t seem like he wanted to talk to us, and he didn’t stop calling. Louis just pulled his phone out of his hand and put it in his pocket. Our manager sighed and started talking to them anyways. I was frozen, I didn’t want to hear this.But unfortunately, I couldn’t keep being in denial forever. After a few seconds of staring, I blinked a couple of times and saw how pissed off Louis was. He started to walk away, and when Harry tried to grab his arm he yelled something unintelligible and ran away. Liam and Harry looked at me and soon after that, they came walking in my direction.

After they said what I already knew, I felt some cold shivers through my body, but after that I felt extremely hot.I started sweating and I wanted to scream out my lungs, especially when I saw tears forming in Liam’s eyes, but I kept silent.I didn’t want to see Liam cry and I didn’t want Harry to give me a hug either. Those first few seconds, the only thing I wanted was to throw myself of a bridge. Just before Liam’s tears fell, I turned around and started walking away. I was stopped immediately, and pulled against a shaking body. I looked up, and saw what I didn’t want to see. Liam’s face, wet of tears, his eyes closed. It didn’t take long until I felt a second pair of arms around me and someone whispering something in my ear. I didn’t understand anything. The only thing I could think about was those times when I told Zayn that I felt like shit and that he was the only one I dared to share that with, because his reaction was so much different from others. He didn’t tell me that I would get over it in an hour, like the rest of the world. He let me have my moment of sadness, shame or anger. But now, he wasn’t here. And even worse, he was the reason that I felt like I was burning up on the inside. The terrible hotness and the burning feeling in my throat