where he lives now?” she asked before she could remind herself that the chief prosecutor was a stickler for his employees’ privacy. “I think I really need to at least try to talk to him again.”

Edgeworth surprised her by chuckling under his breath, his smile carefully hidden behind one hand.

“Obviously, I am not permitted to give you his address,” he explained.

Athena’s face fell, only to light up once more with hope when he continued after a short pause, “However, if I told you, strictly hypothetically, of course, that he is currently residing at his sister’s apartment, would you find that particular piece of information useful?”

The young woman had only been to Aura Blackquill’s apartment once, together with her mother, and that had been ages ago, but she was reasonably confident that she could locate the building.

She smiled at the gray-haired man seated behind the desk. He might seem all stiff and proper, but he clearly has his heart in the right place. No wonder Mr. Wright is friends with him.

“Hypothetically speaking, I believe that information would be very useful,” she responded. “Thank you for your time, Mr. Edgeworth.”

Edgeworth nodded, not bothering to hide a slightly off-kilter smile of his own now.

“Anytime, Ms. Cykes. Good luck.”

Athena jumped up, nodded her farewell, and stormed out of the office, the door banging shut behind her.

The chief prosecutor leaned back in his office chair, shaking his head in amusement at the young woman’s exuberance. Then, his brows knitted with renewed worry about the state of his subordinate, fervently hoping that she managed to get to him before he completely lost himself.

By the time Athena was finishing her talk with Chief Prosecutor Edgeworth, Simon had already walked halfway back to Aura’s apartment. The scabbards of his swords were belted securely to his back, concealed by his surcoat, although he could feel the hilt of the longer katana reassuringly prodding at his neck underneath his hair with each step.

This was the only reassurance left to him, however. Not only have I made a mockery of my profession, I frightened Athena. The fear in her eyes when he had thrown her out had been like a dagger to his soul. He had given up so much for her, had been the protector of her secrets for all these years, and now he had almost posed a danger to her in what had been nothing more than an unreasonable fit of pique. What would Metis think if she could see him now?


I have failed every single one of my masters today. It is high time I paid my dues.


With mild curiosity, he felt calm descending upon his mind, its sudden clarity almost enhancing his senses as he breathed in the evening air while gazing up at what few stars managed to prevail against the light pollution of the city.

Then, he continued on his way, his steps filled with renewed purpose.

***

After Simon had left himself into the apartment, he shrugged off his surcoat and unbelted his sword harness, still possessed by the almost unsettling calmness which had eluded him for weeks. Then, he went looking through Aura’s things, feeling a renewed twinge of guilt for so casually using what was not his, but once again silenced his inner voices by telling it that his plan would amply repay his sister by providing her with the new start she had needed for so long.

He located a white bed sheet, which he folded in half and spread on the floor in the area where the accursed glass table had been weeks ago. Sitting cross-legged on the cloth, he arranged a number of items in front of him: A piece of white paper, a writing quill fashioned from one of Taka’s tail feathers and a small ink bottle, a bottle of high-grade sake imported from Yamagata prefecture, one of the best regions for the drink, and his two beloved blades.

He wished that he could follow the ritual in its most elaborate form, but that not only required a garment which was rather hard to purchase even in California, but also another person to aid him with the final step, neither of which were reasonably obtainable today. As not carrying out his plan at the appropriate time was even more unacceptable than presenting a textbook result, however, he supposed that he was forced to compromise on the matter.

Taking a sip of his sake, he admired the floral aroma so unlike the burn of most mass-produced brands. Then, his fingers curled around the base of the quill pen, and he dipped the nib into the ink barrel. Mulling over his diction for a moment, he finally began to write.

 

浪人や主の顔に泥を塗つ

罪を悔やめば今払はむぞ

 


Rōnin ya aruji no kao ni doro o nutsu



Tsumi o kuyameba ima harawamu zo



 


Gazing down at his work as the ink began to dry, he was not entirely satisfied with the utilitarian tone of the words he had used in his tanka, but considering that he had never been particularly good at poetry, it would have to do. At least his penmanship was good, the Japanese characters almost