, all of them had seen a dead body by the time their second year came to an end. Not that any of them knew they had already attended this school for two years. To them, they had only been here a matter of days. “Oogami?”

Sakura’s breathing hitched a little, soon returning to normal as she gave a curt nod. “Never have I ever...” She chewed on her lower lip in thought and then lifted her chin. “... been to a sleepover.”

Sayaka crooked a finger. No one else.

“... Huh,” said Junko. “That’s a surprise. So you’ve never been to one, Oogami?”

Elaboration coated the end of Junko’s tongue, threatening to drip off and give too much information away. You’ve never been to a sleepover, Oogami? You’ve never had Asahina invite you to her room, Oogami? You’ve never sat in a ring of pillows with the other girls in your class, or let Maizono and Celes do your makeup, or Enoshima paint your toenails, or Fukawa read aloud from one of her books as Kirigiri sipped hot chocolate nearby? Can’t you remember that, Oogami?

“No,” said Sakura. “I have not.”

By now, Sayaka was nearly down one hand. She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear before returning her hand to the table.

After Sakura was Aoi, who scrunched up her face as she considered her options. Her fingers tapped the table individually, one after another, before falling flat. “Never have I ever... um... had a boyfriend?”

Only Sakura lost a finger.

Touko wringed her hands. “Define... boyfriend.”

Junko flapped her hand one way. “Seriously? It’s not like it’s hard to understand. If someone were to ask if you had a boyfriend,” she flapped her hand the opposite way, “and you were to say ‘yes’, then it’s a boyfriend...” She bared her teeth into a toothy grin. “Unless it’s a secret boyfriend, but a good girl like you wouldn’t be into those.”

“... Gah!” Touko slowly folded a finger inward.

Two. Only two. Way less than there should have been.

Perfect.

“You haven’t had a boyfriend?” asked Leon, ogling Junko before realising that Sayaka hadn’t so much as twitched her finger. “And neither have you?”

“I’m saving myself for someone special,” Junko explained and Sayaka nodded in agreement.

Touko narrowed her eyes at Junko and muttered something.

“Huh?” Junko cupped a hand around her ear. “What was that?”

“Never have I ever cried at a movie,” Kyouko interjected loudly so Junko only managed to catch a misogynistic slur from Touko.

Junko decided to let the matter drop and aimed a small smile at Kyouko. It seemed Kyouko had forgotten about that time the class watched Lilo and Stitch.

Several more fingers hid under hands. The only ones that didn’t were Byakuya’s, Touko’s, Hifumi’s, Celes’s and Leon’s.

Leon arched an eyebrow at Mondo’s fist. “Really?”

Mondo squinted one eye. “You never seen Marley and Me or something?”

“... No?”

“Oh, that film is so sad,” said Sayaka, clasping her hands together. “I cried for ages afterwards!”

A snort burst out of Mondo’s nose and he kneaded his eyes with the back of his hand. “Shit, you’re going to get me going if you talk about that...”

Kiyotaka loudly cleared his throat.

Sayaka, who had leaned sideways over Makoto so she could reach Mondo’s hand and pat it, straightened up and looked toward Kiyotaka.

He thumped his chest two times with his fist. “Never have I ever been late for class.”

Only Byakuya didn’t shift his finger to his palm.

Okay, so none of that had changed during the last two years. Whatever. Junko suspected there would be a few wasted turns. No big deal.

Hifumi stroked his chin. “It appears the clock hand has struck the fateful hour and proclaimed it my time to speak my mind. My friends...”

Byakuya clicked his tongue at the usage of ‘friends’.

“... never have I ever tinkled in the shower.”

“T-Tinkled?” Touko widened her eyes.

Yasuhiro was a finger less.

She jerked her head around and glared down the table at Yasuhiro. “Y-You’ve... tinkled in the shower?” The skin above her nose bunched up. “That’s filthy! You’re... Y-You’re a filthy man! And a debauchee while we’re at it!” Her fingers laced through her hair.

“W-Wait, Fukawa-chi...!” Yasuhiro patted the air, forcing the ends of his lips to curl upward. His eyes gave away his mortification. “Everyone does it, ‘right?”

“I don’t!” Touko shrieked, balling her fists and disheveling her hair even more. “You’re dirty... and