aliens think about sexuality?! It surprisingly didn't come up that often. He didn't want to risk the majority of the people in the Castle of Lions turning against him, so he'd been trying to act extra straight. Great plan, Lance, it's going so well.

“I was born in America, but Antonio, my oldest brother, wasn't. My parents brought him and my mom’s parents over from Cuba while my mom was pregnant with Essie. Then came Angelina, then Hugo, then me, then Margot, then Carlo, then Gwen. Carlo and Gwen are like, ten years younger than Margot and I. We're like ten years younger than our older siblings too, I mean, but Carlo and Gwen were surprises. I've been Cuba, it was beautiful. It felt like home, because of my family's stories. Florida was home too. I miss the rain, and the beach…”

He rubbed the bump on his head and sighed. Despite what he’d said, it really did still hurt. After all the trouble he’d gotten himself into over the years, he could tell it wasn’t too bad, but it was enough to have a bump. First they hit him hard on the head, then they fed him bad food that made him want to barf, what next? They’d make him wear super uncomfortable clothes?! He would rather die… Okay that was a little dramatic, but he had sensitive skin! Rough fabric was horrible!

“When I was a kid, I couldn’t decide whether I wanted to be a space explorer or an ocean explorer. I knew I wanted to be a pilot, but both space and the oceans seemed amazing to me. My grandma, the one I’ve told you about, she was a pilot on an exploratory mission out to Jupiter. She’s always been a huge inspiration for me. She got me my first telescope, and told me everything she could about the stars…”

Keith looked over every once in awhile, and didn’t seem to care that he was rambling. Lance didn’t want to irritate him, but he couldn’t stand silence. If only they gave water that didn’t taste like dishwater. Dishwater was not a very good taste. Neither was seawater, but it was better than dishwater. He missed swimming in the ocean with his family, enjoying the sun and the warmth and the Earth. How did he get on the topic? Oh right! Dishwater. Gross.

“There was  a night when I was nine, and there was this meteor shower, and we all sat on blankets on the beach and watched, and she said to me, ‘Lance, you have the moxie that I had at your age. You’re the only one who got it. You can go out there one day yourself, all the way to the edge of the galaxy’… Wonder what she’d think of me now…”

The food had come about an hour ago now and it was getting tiring to ramble, even for him. He was used to people stopping him. No one would stop him now. A moment of silence passed before the door to Keith's cell opened up and three Galra soldiers entered the room. They grabbed Keith and overpowered him, beginning to drag him out of the cell.

“HEY! WHAT THE QUIZNAK ARE YOU DOING TO HIM! LET HIM GO!” Lance shouted, running to the glass and hitting it with his fist. They didn't listen to him though, and they dragged Keith out. “NO! KEITH! KEITH!... mierda…”

He laid his back against the wall of glass and slid down to sit against it. Great. There was nothing he could do for Keith locked in this room. What if they killed Keith? What if he never came back? No no no, they wouldn't, not with all the effort they'd put into this special connected cell thing. Plus, Keith was partially Galra like them. That had to count for something.

It was so silent. Lance didn't even have Keith to look at for some kind of human connection. The loneliness and worry for his friend was overwhelming. Despite the logic he could come up with, he was still afraid. What if they did kill him? What would Lance do then? Lance was certainly less important than Keith, especially to the Galra, so he knew he was more likely to be the target of their hatred and violence. But, what if Keith did die? What if no one ever came for him? What if he was all alone, forever?

He was being silly, he was sure, but that didn't change the fact that he was clutching his head and struggling to breath normally. “Que venga enseguida y le daré yo un collar de plata y un limón de olor,” he sang softly to himself, trying to calm down and fill the silence that threatened to drown him. A lullaby, like he'd sing to little