people don't have any dynamics due to experimentations while in the womb. Now as you can see before we reach this room you probably saw some of the cylinders like this?" 

Eren nodded. He did saw the same cylinder glass on one of the rooms where the door is left ajar. He thought it was just some storage of liquid stuff. He gave an audible gulp at the idea of more human excitements. Humans that no longer had a family and was used by the government as their rat. What if Mikasa is not around when his parents died? Will he end up the same like these guys?

"You see Shorty here is a special case, that's why he is separated from others-"

"Now that I notice it, this room had a sign clearly saying: Danger Keep out!" Eren panics.

"It's just a sign Eren. Jeez, calm down. Okay, as I was saying, Shorty is a special case. He was forced into hibernation because he was not responding well. Until we found a solution to this he will remain in deep sleep." Hange said, voice full of confidence.

Eren was about to believe her but when he caught a glimpse of Shorty he was not mistaken. 

"HE OPENED HIS EYES!!" Eren stumble back falling on his behind.

"What?! Really?!" Hange sound more excited than scared. Disappointment got her when she still see Shorty's eyes are still sealed shut.

"I am not seeing things! I saw it!" Eren pushed himself to his feet. Approaching the cylinder to take a closer look, Shorty's eyes are still closed. Eren taps at the glass after a few taps, loud consecutive beeps came from the heart monitor.

"OH MY GOD!" Hange shouted at the same excited tone.

Before Eren can move on his spot, a large crack draws on the glass and one leads to another, the glass shatters, letting go of all its contents and damaging all of the machinery nearby.

Eren was on his back, intensively coughing out the blue liquid that manages to slip in his mouth. He lifted himself with his elbow and for the first time an Alpha like him felt like a prey.

LRaven was all fours with his face up at Eren, eyes wide but never blink as his stormy orbs focus on the Alpha. When the scientist came to help Eren he growled.

"Mine."

OMG! First chapter and I already got 73 kudos?!

Thank you so much everyone! This never fails to warm my heart~

I really wanted to update this ealier but school wants me to be busy.

But I still did! Enjoy!

Screams echoes through the empty halls of the underground facility. Gray smoke started slipping out of the room filled with soak machinery. The wet machines gave a few sparks before its gray smoke turns to pitchblack, waking up smoke detectors and showering water. The hissing of the shower was accompanied by the soft jingles from the chains as they were being pulled by the raven who is trying to reach his Alpha.

Eren is terrified as fuck. LRaven is still trying to reach him but the shackles on his left leg prevents him from reaching his face. At first the raven tries to jump at him but thanks to his shackles, it held him back in place.

"Oh my god! He's awake!" Hange stopped helping Eren and fished her notebook but when the cool drops of water landed on her notes she screamed. "No!"

"Wait here! I'll turn off the sprinkles! And don't worry those chains are strong!" Then she ran off.

"Wait! Don't leave me here!" Eren got on his feet, stopping on his tracks his eyes widen when he heard the harsh snapping of metal. Shivers run down his spine, Eren slowly turns around and saw LRaven standing on both feet, eyes glued at him.

They stand like that for seconds, waiting for who will make the first move. Not long enough the raven took a step, Eren immediately dashed out of the room and slammed the door shut. He rests his back on the door, hyperventilating as he wipes the sweat from his forehead. 

The Alpha eyed the door knob as it twists and turned but with his weight blocking the door, the raven's gentle push is futile. Eren stand on his ground while his teal eyes roams around the halls. To his luck, a bookself filled with boxes full of files sat next to the door. If he was quick, he can grabbed the top of it the pulled it down, blocking the door and giving him time run out of this horrible place.

When he felt the subject stopped pushing Eren quickly went to action. Good thing he's an Alpha because the shelf is heavy. The sound of the falling shelf echoes through the underground, papers flew out of their boxes and fell on the wet floor. Those files might be important but Eren never minded it, to his reason, the sprinklers had stopped so they will be fine after a good sunlight. 

He heard a whine from the other side of the door and to all honesty Eren felt bad