He was a grown man for fuck’s sake.

"Do you want to?" Castiel breathed against Dean’s mouth and something had to snap, hadn’t it?

It turned out it was Dean. He made a strangled sound and whirled them around so that he could press Castiel up against the counter, smashing their mouths together and fuck, the man tasted so sweet.

His lips were just as soft as they looked and he made this pleased sound at the back of his throat that just fucking drove Dean insane. Their bodies fit together just perfectly and Dean wasn’t in the least surprised to find himself growing hard just from kissing. Castiel’s hands were wandering and Dean had spent too long today staring at the man not to love this. His ass was the perfect shape in Dean’s eager hands and when he kneaded it Castiel bucked his hips just right.

And fuck, that was the other man’s dick. Hard and hot and pressed just right to Dean’s. Even through all the layers Dean could clearly feel it and he suddenly wanted nothing more than to be naked, to be allowed to explore this wonder of a man. He became hyper aware that they were in the store and even if Castiel was the owner and the door was locked (and they were all the way down here, hidden from street view by plenty of bookshelves) it still felt so lewd to be making out in such a public space. So deliciously lewd.

"Are you okay?" Castiel asked then and Dean realized he had been frozen in place for a while there.

"Can I see it?" he asked and thumbed the other man’s dick, making it jump against the light touch. Dean bit his lower lip at the sight. Fuck, he wanted to suck it all of a sudden. Wanted the other man’s dick deep enough down his throat to choke on it.

Castiel was nodding and worked open his pants with deft fingers. "Let me." He mumbled when he had opened his but not pulled out his dick. Dean was confused for all of four seconds before he realized the other man was pawing open his jeans as well.

"Fuck, are we gonna…?" he couldn’t even say it and he anyhow had to cut off with a deep groan when he felt Castiel’s fingers brush against his dick through just his boxers.

"We don’t have to do anything." Castiel whispered against Dean’s temple. "I want to feel you against me but we don’t have to."

"Jesus, I want that too." Dean moaned in a pitifully high tone, making Castiel grin lecherously and Dean just loved how the quiet and reserved bookstore owner could become like this. Bookstore owner by day, sex god by night, apparently.

He gasped sharply when their dicks met and could only stare with astonished eyes as Castiel pointedly held his gaze while licking his palm before wrapping his hand around the both of them. Dean’s body felt like jelly

"So good." Castiel murmured and leaned in to nibble against Dean’s racing pulse and Dean threw his head back to give better access even as Castiel’s hand sped up.

Pleasure racked Dean’s body and it got sharper and sharper with every tug of the other man’s hand. With every dirty sound, every filthy thought, every movement. Dean leaked precome enough to slick their way and he was shaking, one hand buried in Castiel’s soft hair and the other gripping the man’s back so hard he probably was scratching him.

But Castiel seemed to like that. Liked that Dean got desperate real fucking fast. He was murmuring praise and Dean scrunched up his eyes, trying to control himself.

"Th-this feels so much better than I—fuck—than I thought it would."

Castiel chuckled darkly and added a twist to his wrist that made Dean see stars. The man’s dick was hard but so velvety soft at the same time and it felt like forbidden, delicious fruit to feel it pressed against Dean’s own aching hardness.

"This is only the beginning."

Dean moaned when Castiel’s words registered in his lust-clouded mind. "How does it feel to fuck a man in the ass?"

Castiel hummed against Dean’s sweaty skin, licking the spot under Dean’s ear that always made him trembled and how had Castiel known that? It felt like he was reading Dean’s mind with how easily he found all of Dean’s sensitive spots. Dean was basically leaned over the man now, pressing Castiel against the counter but Castiel didn’t seem to mind it.

"Humbling."

Dean was thrusting against him now, chasing his orgasm with seldom felt desperation. "And-and to t-take it up the ass?" he whispered in a hush against Castiel’s temple. He could feel Castiel’s smile against his neck.

"Empowering."

Dean frowned in confusion. "Shouldn’t it be the other way around?"

Castiel chuckled again and Dean really fucking loved that sound, okay? He braced his