for Louis’ zipper like it would save his life, working it very well for a guy with his eyes closed, slipping his left hand into the sagging jeans Louis had chosen to wear that night, a keening sound coming from Louis as Harry brushed flesh. Louis hadn’t worn anything under the jeans. Harry lightly traveled his fingers down the length of Louis’ shaft, his pinkie burying itself into the thick pubic hair at the base, the curls tantalizingly damp from a shower Louis must have had earlier.

Louis moaned softly as harry let his fingers find the slit on the head, brushing the dribbles of pre-cum onto his forefinger slowly, the mere touch provoking an involuntary buck from Louis’ hips, and a chuckle from Harry as he broke the kiss, regaining his breath.

“Is it wrong that when you do that, I picture being buried inside of you while you scream my name and cum?” Harry whispered into Louis’ ear as he ran his fingers lazily up and down the elongated rod.

Louis whined loudly, pushing his face into Harry’s neck while thrusting into Harry’s hand, his hips moving quickly as he basically pleasured himself. Harry tightened his grip, taking over and twisting his hand slightly while his thumb never left the head.

Louis grabbed Harry’s shoulders hard as he clenched his teeth, ground out,”Is it wrong that when you say that, I want you to do it to me?”

Harry laughed silently, using his other hand to unzip his own jeans, taking his hand out of Louis’ pants just long enough to lift himself up and pull off his khakis, not expecting Louis to drop to his knees in front of Harry, his navy blue eyes shining with arousal in the dark.

Harry’s hands tightened on the rounded edge of the sink as a wet, pink tongue darted out, Louis hands taking hold of Harry, his face only barely seen in the dim light of the bathroom, and circled his tongue around the bulbous head of Harry’s proudly erect buddy, leaving a trail of saliva that wrapped around the tip, causing a drop of precious white liquid to splash on the floor.

Harry didn’t want to fuck, he wanted to be fucked. Pulling Louis up, he switched their positions, not wasting precious time, taking all of Louis’ package, a big one it was, and not even gagging once, left a generous coating of saliva, because Harry feared for his ability to walk ever again if they went dry.

Harry continued sucking, his tongue doing beautiful things to Louis, whowas now gripping Harry’s hair, pushing and pulling Harry in the direction he wanted him to go, coming perilously close to blowing when suddenly, Harry slid his mouth off of Louis, a pop resulting from Harry sucking slightly harder right at the end.

Standing up, Harry once again spun the two around, until his ass was half off, half on the sink, and opened his legs, Louis stepping into the ‘V’ of Harry’s body. Dick resting close to Harry’s opening, Louis looked into Harry’s eyes for the go, pushing into Harry when he nodded quickly.

Groaning at the slight pain if Harry being a bit TOO tight, Louis kept going, praying it would get better.

It did.

Louis was soon completely covered in Harry’s silken heat, and it was everything he had ever dreamed, and more. Harry was filled to the brim, a tingling beginning at the tips of his toes as he thought to himself,’This feels GOOD’. Louis cautiously moved, the only sound in the dirty confines of the bathroom being he and Harry’s heavy breathing, and kissed up Harry’s neck, groaning out,”Is it wrong that I never want this to end?”

“Is it wrong that I agree with you, and would stay in this bathroom forever so it doesn’t?” Harry panted, the tingle moving up to the base of his spine as Louis rotated his hips slightly, his hands holding onto Harry’s hips as he brushed their lips together before saying,”Is it wrong that I would help you barricade the door?”

Harry chuckled weakly, though it was more of a cry, as Louis delicately pulled almost all the way out, before flicking his hips and slamming back in, hoping to find that magic spot. Harry’s shriek, muffled by Louis lips, told him he had. Louis did the same thing again, slamming harder than before, and granted as Harry kissed Louis, a bruising motion, before moving his lips down to Louis collar bone, sucking at it for a few moments as Louis thrusted away, before connecting his lips with Louis’ once more for a much softer kiss.

Harry felt his toes curling as the pleasure grew slowly, and bit Louis lip slightly, hoping he got the sign to go faster. Louis not only went fast, he pushed harder, but every action has a consequence, and just as Louis thrusted a third time as hard as humanely possible, the sink broke.

Louis caught Harry just in time, the porcelain tumbling a short two