’d given up on trying to look over the desk I simply listened while she and Sam spoke.

"Names?" The woman began, voice clear but kind.

”Sam and Natalie Winchester,” Sam easily responded, smiling down at me briefly.

The women paused, sounds of tapping - probably at a keyboard - filled the quiet until the woman spoke again.

“Sorry, the secretary is absent today so I'm helping out, you know how crazy the first day can be,” the woman began conversationally, and Sam remained polite. “I'm actually the guidance councilor, so if you need any help later on, feel free to come see me.”

“Thank you,” the brunet answered kindly before walking away with me, two sheets of papers in his hands.

As we walked away I couldn't help but ask, ”Sammy?”

“Yeah?"

"What's on those papers?”

"Oh yeah, here,” Sam realized, handing me one of the two sheets he’d had. "It's your schedule, it tells you where you need to be and when. There's only ten minutes of homeroom left so we'd better hurry.”

Sam quickly grabbed my hand as we made our way through the hallways, walking fast but refrained from actually running - some teachers glared at us but, thankfully, said nothing. The brunet slowed once reaching a door at the end of the hallway, taking my schedule sheet from me for a moment to check something, looked back up at the barrier, and nodded. The door was a sea blue with some poster of a smiling anthropomorphic pencil saying something, but all I could remember was feeling like I was about to vibrate out of my damn skin. Handing the paper back to me, Sam was the first to move and tapped his knuckles against the wood, pausing for a moment before pushing the door open, and I all but hid behind him - out of fear or being shy I wasn’t sure, maybe both.

"Hello and you are?" I heard a voice question, but couldn't see anything past my brother’s rear.

Unfortunately, all too soon I was pushed forward by Sam and felt like I’d just swallowed my tongue or something. To the left of the room reveled a classroom of connected desks filled with children, all staring at me, and I just wanted to run back home and hide - I was never really a nervous or shy person, even as a child, but I remember suddenly wishing I was invisible. I heard a voice clear and snapped my eyes to the front of me, where a large desk sat, containing contents from papers to colorful stationary, and a woman - how’d I just noticed her? She had on a gray pencil-skirt, black heels along with a violet shirt that outlined her thin pear-shaped body and highlighted her blond hair, but what stood out most where her kind eyes and genuine smile - I recall thinking immediately she looks nice.

"I'm Sam and this is my little sister Natalie, Natalie Winchester? It says on her schedule that this is her classroom…am I wrong?” Sam asked, looking to the woman for confirmation.

"Ah yes! Perfect timin' we were just doin' introductions and I was reachin’ Natalie’s name soon,” the blonde woman replied gleefully, the twang in her accent made me smile - thinking back it might have been Texan.

"Okay Nat, I need to get to class but when the day’s over I'll be waiting for you at the front of the school, okay?" I sadly nodded at Sam not wanting him to leave, he crouched down coming to my level and tilted his head ever so slightly to the side. “I’m sorry Nat, I really wish I didn't have to leave you alone, but I have to,” he apologized pulling me into a hug, then quickly let go and stood back up ruffling my hair.

"You'll be fine, promise.”

I silently nodded again, watching when he turned to leave but abruptly stopped when the blonde teacher called out him.

"Wait!" Halting, Sam turned back to face the teacher and despite his smile I could see the impatience in his eyes - it was a look I learned to recognize because of our father, he and Sam never really got along.

"Don't you want a note?” The teacher asked, and the brunet raised a brow. “Sayin' why you were late?”

Sam nodded yes, a look of hidden relief washing over him as he walked further into the room while the teacher rushed back to her table, her heels to clacked against the floor as she ran, and I remember thinking how can she run in those? When she’d finally reached the table, the young woman grabbed a notepad and scribbled something onto it before tearing it out, she’d rushed back over to my brother and handed it to him with her ever-present kind smile.

"I know how strict some of them teachers can be.”

Sam