as he continued to gently stroke my head.  "You didn't know.  I didn't either.  It's worse than I thought.  So far he's only let me touch him.  I thought maybe the team would be different . . .but I guess not. . . Hey, Steve, it's not your fault."

"What did they do to him?" Steve muttered under his breath.

"I don't know," Bruce whispered back sadly.

Part of me took offense at them talking about me in front of me. . .because hello! I was right there.  Still, even through I still hadn't opened my eyes, I knew Steve was looking guilty.  He probably had on his huge, Captain America, kicked puppy dog eyes, and I couldn't blame Bruce for trying to comfort him.

"I'll go . . ." Steve said, and I heard the door shut as he left.

Finally feeling calmer, I opened my eyes.  Bruce was looking at the monitors, and for a moment his face was unguarded.  He looked exhausted, worried, and sad, and I felt a stab of guilt for being the one to put that look on his face.  Then he turned back and carefully schooled his features.

"Hey," he said softly as he realized I was looking at him.  "So . . .since you're awake now would be a good time for your breathing exercises."

I groaned as he grabbed the incentive spirometer off of the small table next to the bed.  Not again.  Bruce had made me do this at least a dozen times so far, and it hurt, but I complied.  He had gone to great lengths to explain why deep breathing, (even if it did make my lungs bump into the reactor casing), was important, and the last thing I wanted to do was worry him more.

"Good," he approved as I finished.  "Now, do you think you're up for a little walk?  You made it three times around the bed last time.  We could go for four."

I nodded, feeling a bit like a child.  I really hated being so dependent on him.  Hell, I couldn't even go to the bathroom without him helping me there and back, (though thankfully he waited outside once he got me there).  It was humiliating, but when I saw the tenderness on his face as he helped me out of bed, I couldn't help but be intensely grateful.  My embarrassment seemed minor in comparison to my luck at having someone who cared enough to fuss over me the way Bruce did.

The two days Tony had been at the Tower had been filled with ups and downs.  

On the upside, Tony had been able to get out of bed and take short walks fairly quickly.  He was eating, and sitting up to do his breathing exercises with minimal complaining.  He also seemed to be able to use the bathroom on his own, which was quite frankly a relief.  Tony was a very proud man, and I would hate to imagine what it would have done to him had I needed to help him with more than getting to the toilet.

On the downside, Tony seemed to be having nightmares nearly every time he slept.  After only two days, he had awoken startled and panting a half dozen times.  Furthermore, he wouldn't let anyone, expect me, touch him.

The others had taken turns at his bedside, making sure there was always someone nearby.  They wanted to help, and they did what they could, but Tony still seemed distrustful.  It all made me wonder just how bad whatever had happened was.  I knew some of what had taken place, but I had a feeling there was a lot more, and Tony wasn't talking about it.

However bad I thought things were, I was still taken by surprise as a new bit of information fell into place.  I suppose it shouldn't have been that surprising, and I maybe should have known, but it still knocked me off balance.

I was waiting outside of the bathroom.  Tony had been taking a very long time, and I was starting to get worried.

"Tony?  Are you alright?" I called as I knocked on the door.

I heard a quietly muttered exclamation of "shit!", which made my heart jump into my throat, before Tony replied in a measured voice, "I'm fine.  Just give me a minute."

Then I heard another mumbled exclamation, and opened the door, unconvinced that everything was really okay.

I was unprepared for what I found on the other side.  Tony, with blood smeared on one hand, was rushing around to stop the bleeding that was causing a thin trail of red to make its way down his leg.

"Oh, Tony," I heard myself say softly, as I put the pieces of the situation together.

"Don't," he said firmly.  "Not the pity look."

"Just let me help," I said as I tried to school my face.

I'm not sure