didn't know we were going out and uh cool cause your hot and also I thought you hated blondes," Buffy said with a grin on her face.

"I just meant that the blonde I dated for around 150 or so years started hating me once I got a soul and then killed me and the blondes I chose before that weren't exactly very good dates," Angel said "well I mean they finished well but," he started with a grin.

"That’s enough I don't need that much info," Buffy said cutting him off. "So wait what if you’re not a vampire, then what are you?”

"Well I was a vampire you know the Scourge of Europe and everything and then some gypsies gave me a soul, and after that my girlfriend Darla staked me, and with all the guilt I had about, well you know me being the Scourge of Europe and all, I felt it as a release, but then of course the powers that be decided they needed a champion for some stupid reason and sent me back to fight for them for reasons I don't know, so now I have a soul, I don't exactly know what I am, I’m extremely strong as you've probably noticed, and the only way to...." Angel stopped "I'm not telling you how to kill me," Angel finished. "God blondes piss me off you got me talking more than I’ve talked in the last 20 years," Angel said.

"Well then I guess since I can make you do whatever I want I think I wanna go shopping, but I don't have any money with me," Buffy said smiling. Angel groaned this was going to be a long ride.

⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭

Angel couldn't help but like Buffy after she told him about herself, he also couldn't help but feel a bit sorry for her. Angel had been able to have a normal life for a long time comparatively whereas Buffy got most of hers taken away at a young age. He liked her a lot, more than he cared to admit even to himself, but he definitely wasn't going to let her know that he actually liked her. It also didn’t hurt that she was a hot blonde.

Buffy was smiling sitting by Angel, it had been a while since she was able to tell her complete life to someone without any restrictions. Buffy could tell that Angel liked her because he had told her a lot about his past, but she just knew that he wasn't going to admit that he actually liked her, it just wasn't in his nature.

"So Angel I was thinking, there are a lot of malls in LA and being as old as you are you've had to have gone to a lot of them so you know where the good ones are," Buffy said smiling innocently.

"Seriously Buffy, I wear all black, and all I buy furniture for are my house and basements, and then tools for my shop" Angel said chuckling a bit.

"Who runs the place while you’re out doing your, um, stuff," Buffy asked.

"Oh it's a couple people this guy Doyle most of the time, he's part demon by the way, and then I also have a lot of part time people that come in, oh like this one guy Bob he was great," Angel laughed."

“Oh, funny or..." Buffy asked tailing off.

"Oh nah you know I gotta eat sometime," Angel said with a serious face.

"You’re not a vampire anymore" Buffy said crossing her arms.

"Dammit that gets most people, well most people as in demons, well the good ones that don't want to eat you at least" Angel said frowning and crossing his arms. That wasn’t a very big audience.

⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭

Angel groaned as he walked out of another mall "Seriously can we stop now," Angel pleaded, after a couple centuries of collecting large amounts of money in various ways he was financially secure, but that wasn't the problem, the problem was that they had been to four malls already and the amount of time he had to wait for each store she wanted to go to made him shiver if he actually thought about it.

"Oh crap we should stop I forgot I gotta go home," Buffy said as it dawned upon her that her mom would be pissed.

"By the way if you weren't the slayer you would already be at your house, and if for some reason you still were with me you'd be dead," Angel said tossing 6 bags of expensive clothing in the trunk.

"So the only reason you’re doing this is because I’m the slayer" Buffy asked hoping that wasn't the only reason.

"Well everyone needs a break, even you," Angel said "and I do like you a bit," he added quickly. Buffy smiled, it's not like he was saying that he wanted to date her, she could see that being a bit weird