slight knock into her side, and she stopped him with a forceful grasp on his upper arm. She pulled him just a little closer; only close enough to appear like a threat to him.



“And just where do you think you’re going?” she snapped, suddenly furious.



Her face was heating up, turning a rosy shade of pink and indicating her irritation. Stiles grinned down at her, lightly swiping his thumb over the slope of Lydia’s nose.



“You’ve got a shit ton of sunscreen on your face. You should consider looking in a mirror.”



“Don’t—do that!” Lydia demanded shrilly, smacking his hand away from her face. “And you should consider not being such a—such a dick!”



“I am not a dick,” Stiles refuted, crossing his arms over his chest.



Lydia’s discomfort only persisted, looking up at her costar, as she itched to rub the sunscreen on her face into her skin. Hardly any sleep, a bare face, and pajama shorts were not necessarily confidence boosters.



Frankly, she felt like shit.



“I have coffee in my trailer if it’ll make you look less pissed off at me,” Stiles offered.



“I am pissed off at you,” Lydia retorted dryly.



Stiles narrowed his eyes, looking down at Lydia critically and watching her eyebrows knit in a line of confusion.



“Why are you looking at me like that?” she questioned him irritably.



“I’m trying to figure you out,” he replied, eyes still on her, searching for something.



Lydia felt unbearably exposed; her skin was burning, cheeks entirely red. She was beginning to feel embarrassed underneath such a gaze in her predicament.



No matter how much she craved that cup of coffee, Lydia knew that she wouldn’t be caught dead drinking a latte in Stiles Stilinski’s trailer. It just wasn’t realistic. And besides, she didn’t care what anybody thought about her. Especially not from the likes of that pathetic film-noob.



She quickly retracted her hand from Stiles’ bicep, uncurling her fingers just a tad bit too late. He eyed her suspiciously as she guiltily bit back her concerns.



“I’m heading to the set to talk to the producers,” Lydia decided tersely. “Don’t wait up.”


Rehearsal and preparation with Stiles for the past week and a half had been an insanely uncomfortable and agitating wake up call to the fact that Lydia had brought this upon herself—working with someone she couldn’t stand.


During breaks, she avoided him as much as possible. She could only spend so much time with the imbecile before steam started bursting out of her ears as if she’d become a real-life cartoon character; which, of course, Stiles always teased her for.



Fact of the matter was that Lydia had deemed Stiles a fit enough actor to cast as a love interest in her most important film to date; if only for a mere moment, she had—and if she were ashamed, she kept it to herself. She could never appear unsure in her methods. That was not at all who Lydia prided herself in being. She was confident, smart, and out of their league. She was always on top. This time around, she just had to bring Stiles along with her.



God help her if Lydia didn’t end up murdering her co-star in the process.


The morning of their first real shoot, Lydia downed more cups of coffee than she’d like to admit. She spent more hours on hair and makeup than she could ever say out loud. Alas, looking in the mirror, Lydia recollected all the progress she had missed while being on her phone for the past two hours.


Her strawberry blonde hair was put half up in a lace braid, elegantly curled and coming to a curve at the small of her back. Though the perfection appeared effortless and almost natural, anyone behind the scenes knew better. She was always quick to criticize, but there was nothing to dislike. Her eye makeup was a timeless pearly pink with her eyeliner winged swiftly; her lips were full and a deep pink; her nails were painted black, a tad of a darker touch for her character; her dress was a deep purple, brightening her green eyes in the slightest.



She looked beautiful, in the kind of way she hadn’t felt in awhile; wholeheartedly. Since Jackson, Lydia had been off her game. She was incredibly lonely and unfilled, and came off as almost self-deprecating at times. It had been almost four months since the jackass moved to London, and she was sure she had let him go to some extent, but Lydia knew that that chapter of her life was finally coming to a close. And she was accepting it.



Lydia stepped off her trailer and into the bright lights of the set to start filming. Her arrival prompted her hair and makeup artists to rush over; their persistence exhausted her.



“Cece, Sahar, I’m fine!” she assured them. “You did a wonderful job, okay