Everything was wonderful on a day in late-November with the usual loudness of Peter and the barks of Hanatamago. 

Tino prepared for Christmas even though it was about a month away still. His husband Berwald smiling as he was watching Tino string fun coloured lights literally everywhere, with, of course the help of Peter, whom was getting completely tangled in everything. And in Berwald's mind nothing could get better. 

"LOOK! It's snowing!" Peter gasped and pressed his nose to the window, fogging it all up. 

Berwald and Tino looked at each other. Another window to clean. They were all soon alerted by the sound of Hanatamago barking and jumping and putting her small paws on the window still to look at he snow. 

And also alert her parents of serious business that must be taken care of right away. 

And that is how Hanatamago made her family scared as balls and really fucking worried for her in a matter of ten minutes. 

"She has been gone awhile." Peter noticed as all light drifted from the sky. 

Berwald and Tino again did one of those couple glances and then freaked out. 

"Do you think she's okay?!?!?" Berwald practically yelled

"B-b-but what if some happened to her!?!?" Tino also practically yelled as he threw on his jacket and boots. 

And with that they can out their back door yelling for their beloved dog, whom was elsewhere having the time of her life. 

Now this is the part where they search for hours and left their adopted son literally standing at the back door in surprise as too never seeing his parents act that way. It was truly a sight to behold. 

They followed her little tracks to the edge of their property where they ended. And the couple then proceeded to freak out once more and continue calling for her fluffy little ass to jump itself back home. 

After about three hours of non-stop searching the couple came back home with their jackets drenched and rivers in their boots. And the noramally manly and strong Peter Kirkland was in tears. 

"Papa! Isä! Did you find her?" He asked. 

To which Berwald pat his head and stooped down to his level and in the least intimidating and calming voice replied,

"We'll find her tomorrow." And picked up his son and took his husband's hand and led them to their repective bedrooms. The couple reading various bedtime stories and putting their son in his pyjamas. 

As Tino and Berwald shut off their lights and looked each either straight in the eye. Berwald could see the tears in Tino's eyes and just how hard Tino tries to keep his family together. 

Berwald kissed his husband's forehead and told him everything would be just fine. 

As for Hanatamago, she was being pampered at Eduard's house and getting treats every minute and being a wet little puppy at the time was laying in warm towels and getting belly rubs. That little shit.

As for how she managed to get from her home to Estonia's is quite a mystery, but then again everything about her was including her ways of stealing people's hearts by literally just being there. 

She was soon returned to family a day later after a very long phone call between an almost in tears Tino and a nearly in tears of laughter, Eduard. 

And proceeding that day Hanatamago was never trusted outside at night in really deep snow, in nearly a blizzard a month before Christmas. 

It was also how she ended up with a nickname given lovingly by Tino (which of course, was little shit.) But he still continued to spoil his dog and still gave her extra pets, and let her sleep on his and Berwald's bed and various other things, as the list could go on forever. I mean who couldn't love a little white dog constantly getting lost in snow and being as shemey as she could be.