his ribs, and Sherlock feels all the hairs on his arms rise again, this time in anticipation. The ozone smell is strong tonight, and the combination of it and the shocks have him fully conscious and aware in moments.

And then he’s awake, and the sprite pauses, looking at him with those luminous eyes and Sherlock instinctively knows what it’s asking, knows what it wants. And Sherlock wants that, too, so he nods and the sprite’s skin glows brighter blue as it lowers itself fully onto him.

And, oh. Oh.

The wind and rain batter against the windows as the sprite wrenches his clothing from his body, desperate and forceful, barely pausing to prepare Sherlock before it slams its way home. Friction superheats them both, sweat coalescing then vapourising, the air muggy and heavy. The sprite is his conductor of pleasure, stroking, clinging, contorting and swelling, pure kinetic energy. Sherlock can do little else but hold on, riding the shock wave and the atmospheric instability the sprite generates, intense pleasure being wrung from him as the howling wind drowns out his cries of bliss.

He’s barely come, there’s barely been a delay between the sprite’s orgasm and the rumbly sound it makes, before the storm’s intensity audiby lessens. Sherlock tenses, trying to hold his sprite to him, trying to defy the usual pattern, hoping that maybe their extended electrodynamic coupling has been enough to allow his positive charge to cancel out the sprite’s negative charge and keep it from being pulled away from him. But moments later he is alone again, alone and wanting.

Sherlock worries it might be a one-off, or will only happen when a storm is big enough or remains long enough, but the next time his sprite appears, it sucks him off in the kitchen during a mid-afternoon cloudburst. From then on, usually about once a month (with the exception of summer - in July he gets visited by the sprite five times) he is allowed a visit from his sprite.

Then there’s a drought for all of autumn and Sherlock is positively miserable, driving Mrs Hudson up the wall and completely frustrating Lestrade, Molly, and Mycroft in turns. It might actually be worse than the drugs, the cravings he has for his sprite. His desire for his sprite soaks through every single cell in his body, drenching him as though he’s been caught by a downpour of lust. However, not being able to control the frequency and intensity of this drug’s dosing nearly drives him mad. If only there were a way to know for sure he’d be able to see the sprite beyond analysing historical meteorological data and obsessively checking the forecast.

And he does check the forecast religiously now, hoping that the very weather most Londoners dread will arrive more frequently and sooner. And if Sherlock has gotten too absorbed in a case or an experiment and forgets to check, the first sound of thunder is his reminder to sprint to his room and strip. He’d learnt his lesson on that one  day that a half dozen buttons and his favourite dressing gown had been a casualty. On nights when it’s supposed to storm he doesn’t bother with pyjamas at all.

Eventually, the idea for a cloud seeder begins to take shape. After two months of effort yield no discernable increase in thunderstorms, he finally gives up. His sprite’s laugh had rumbled at a deep register, mostly mirth, but also a tiny bit of sadness when Sherlock had confessed to his failed attempts at summoning and keeping it.

But it’s not all tragedy and failure. Once, Sherlock had been in the country for a case and a thunderstorm had begun while he was in the middle of a field searching for evidence. He’d despaired, believing that his sprite would only be able to find him if he was in 221B. But then his sprite had appeared and taken him right there amongst the wildflowers, heavy raindrops pounding onto their skin as his sprite pounded into him.

Emboldened, Sherlock then risks a trip to Valparaiso, Indiana, USA in May to solve his favourite sort of case: a locked-room double-murder. There he experiences constant orgasmic bliss for hours and hours in a Motel 6 while a supercell thunderstorm produces golf ball-sized hail that destroys his rental in the parking lot. The tornado sirens scream warning that he and his sprite completely ignore in favour of everything they can think of doing to each other. And when he’s completely wrung out, they just lie there holding hands, listening to the storm’s fury.

Analysis of recent and historical weather data necessitates a vacation to several tropical locations in December and January. Mycroft doesn’t understand his sudden obsession with solving crimes in rainforests, and Sherlock would stay there permanently if he didn’t love London so. Also, money is a pesky thing - he likes to pretend it doesn’t concern him, but he does unfortunately have bothersome bills to pay whenever he can be arsed to be reminded of them.

He does never determine how his sprite enters his flat (