did to get me ready…” Stiles didn’t like the way she said that. He remembered Allison talking to Scott about how her dad first started preparing her by doing stuff like tying her to chairs and then timing how long it would take to escape, or drugging her then throwing her miles out in woods and waiting for her to find her way back; you know, the normal daddy-daughter bonding thing. But Stiles knew he had to do it if he wanted to be somewhat useful.

Derek nodded, “Sounds good. I guess we’ll all meet here tomorrow after everyone gets out of school. Allison, before you leave let me talk to you about what your plans are for training.” And with that the pack dispersed.

The whole drive home Stiles tried to rationalize his reasoning to not take the bite. Sure, taking it would put him and his dad in danger, but weren’t they always in danger? Right now the danger with the other alphas was outside of his control… but if he took the bite he would be able to have more influence over the situation. But how would he handle the guilt if he hurt someone innocent? He pulled into the driveway and punched the steering wheel.

Suddenly he remembered something his mom told him a long time ago. It still hurt to think about but he thought he could let her in his head today without crying-

 


Stiles’s mother picked him up and put him on her knees, “Honey, what’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost!”



“I think that Scott’s mad at me but I’m not mad at him and I don’t want him to be mad at me but I’m afraid that he won’t listen to me and what if he never listens to me again and-“



“Sweety, I’m sure you and Scott will come back around, but you need to be the one who steps up and say sorry first.”



“But mommy, I’m scared that if I try he won’t listen to me.”



She gave a light laugh and put her hand in Stiles’ hair, “I’m going to tell you what my mom once told me; the whole point of life is to learn the difference between the fear of things and the fear of failure. If you’re dealing with fear of something, you need to prepare for the worst but don’t act until it arrives, because sometimes the fear isn’t really there and is just your imagination. However, if you’re afraid of your own failure, like how you're afraid Scott won't listen to you, the remedy is to take action as soon as you can and do your best. Whatever else happens, it does for a reason. As long as you try your best to fix your friendship with Scott, that’s all you can do.” She paused and looked deep into Stiles’ eyes with a wisdom that passed all understanding, “And don’t worry; I know you two will be best friends for a very long time”


 

Stiles wiped his eyes, of course he’d still cry when he thought about her. He began to think harder, which was it stopping him; fear of the bite or what he would do after? After a long time contemplating, he honestly couldn’t tell which one it was- maybe it was both. But he did know he had to prepare regardless, that he had to do everything in his power to defend his home and friends no matter the cost. He wanted to do it without the bite, but in two weeks if he had made no progress with the new training he would ask Derek to bite him, even if he was scared out of his mind. With a sigh he got out of his jeep and went straight to bed, knowing that if Derek was helping Allison plan he needed every minute he could get.

Stiles let out a sigh and started walking with Lydia, earning the release of her grasp. She reached into her purse and pulled out the taser and rope.

Stiles’s cleared his throat, “Umm... what are you doing with that exactly?”

Again, she didn’t look up, “Improvising.” Stiles realized she was tying the taser to the end of the rope. Oh God, she was making a freaking taser flail.

So, I have no beta readers and I'm totally finishing this at 3 in the morning, so please tell me any errors you find and I'll be sure to fix them! Hope you enjoy! :P

Stiles slowly cracked his eyes open. A goofy grin crawled across his face followed by a drawn-out yawn. He couldn’t get over how warm and comfy his bed felt, usually he was freezing in the mornings. For some reason it felt like he was forgetting something, but what was it?

Slowly, he began to relive the events from the day before in short snips; unexpected Derek, vulnerable Derek, no Jackson, Scott wearing sadness in the worst way, Lydia wearing