And you said you didn’t want to do anyone that wasn’t me?”  Niall nods again.  “So, do you think… you wanna own up to her dare?”
“Are you serious?” Niall’s eyes widen.  “We’ve been together for five minutes and you want to do something that crazy?”  Liam’s about to answer, but Niall puts a finger to his lips, whispering, “Think you can keep up with me?”
Liam grins and lifts Niall from under her thighs, pressing himself between her legs.  “I can try.”
—
“Holy shit, you’re actually doing it!” Harry squeals, stumbling around the room.
Niall can’t help but laugh while Liam’s kissing all over her neck, his hands running up and down her thighs while he grinds against her on her bed.  Niall tugs at the bottom of Liam’s tank, lifting it up to touch the warm skin on his back, her blunt fingernails scratching along the clefts of his spine that makes him buck his hips.
“Argh, this stupid thing won’t work!” Harry cries, double checking the batteries and the SD card slot.  “Why does it have to conk out on me now!”
“Have you tried pressing the power button?” Liam asks sarcastically, and Niall bursts with laughter again.
“Very funny, Liam,” Harry retorts, then shouts an aha! when the viewfinder lights up.  “All right, you two,” she giggles, “just so we know, this is consensual, right?  Like, you guys are okay with fucking each other and me filming you?”
“Harry, swear on your life you won’t post this online,” Niall points at her with a finger, breathing heavy despite Liam’s mouth all over her.  “And if you do, I’m calling your sugar daddy–”
“No!” she shouts, gasping for air.  “I swear, Niall, no one but the three of us will ever see it,” she crosses her heart twice.  “You can’t tell Ben anyway, we’re not even together anymore!”
“Who’s Ben?  Do I know him?” Liam asks in concern, but Harry laughs, adjusting the lens to get a better view of them.  “By the way,” Liam holds up a finger, looking between the two friends, “you seem really lax about seeing Niall naked, is this a girl thing or–”
“No time for questions, hurry up and fuck my best friend!”
“She happens to be my girlfriend now, thank you very much,” he grins smugly.
“Shut up, she is not!” Harry gasps, but Niall’s expression says otherwise, and Harry nearly drops her camera when Liam takes off his tank and tosses it at her.  “Oh my lord, your body is insane!” Harry whispers in awe.  “Liam, open Niall’s shirt, her boobs are amazing.  I swear they’re the best pair you’ll ever see!”
Niall hasn’t laughed this much in a while, but she keeps quiet when Liam unbuttons her flannel shirt, his eyes going wide at her pert breasts.  She gives him a nod and he leans down, his warm mouth grazing over her chest, her back arching into his touch when his thumb brushes against a nipple.  Harry moves in closer to Niall to film her reaction, her bottom lip tucked between her teeth with her eyes closed.
“Does that feel good?” Harry asks, and Niall nods, letting out a gasp when Liam sucks on her other breast.
Harry continues filming, her eyes going wide watching Liam slink his hand down Niall’s stomach to unbutton her jeans, his fingers slipping past the elastic band of her panties to tease her folds.  “Oh, holy fucking christ!” Niall nearly shouts, making Liam and Harry snort out loud.  She covers her mouth when she feels his fingers inside of her, slowly fucking her while his thumb works over her clit.
“Make her come,” Harry says, and Liam fucks into Niall even faster, her eyes rolling to the back of her head in seconds.  Niall presses a hand against Liam’s chest, unable to form a coherent sentence when she’s close, the only words coming out are, No, not yet, please, and Liam obeys.  He slides out of her and Harry focuses the camera on him, biting her lip in excitement when he puts his fingers into his mouth to taste Niall.
Liam climbs off the bed and brings Niall to her feet, helping her shimmy out of her jeans and underwear.  She’s about to take off her flannel when Harry reaches out with a hand, telling her, “Leave it on, you look hot in it.”  Niall looks to Liam, who nods his head in assurance.  “You really do,” he says, and slips out of his dark grey sweats.
Niall pushes Liam back onto her bed to sit, sinking to her knees as she spreads his legs open.  Her fingers scratch against his thighs while she kisses up his abdomen