Whatever it is. He didn't know about Cheshire except the character in 'Alice in Wonderland' until now. 

So, maybe he should start going.

Oh God, he doesn't even have a car here. How the fuck did he end up on the road?

From all of this, Louis comes to conclusion. 

Zayn Malik will never attend his parties anymore. 

 

***

 

When Louis finally comes to this Cheshire, and then to the village/town Holmes Chapel, he sees that it is really not big. A couple of cafés, restaurants and shops, but what catches his sight is not involved in this list. 

He sees a bakery on the corner of some building, and the sign hanged on the door is pink with a cat in the corner, and the white doodled kitten has its mouth opened, and above him is a cloud with 'WE'RE OPEN!' written in italic. 

Louis chuckles in adoration and goes in, and his breath catches in his throat, because. 

Fuck. 

That curly thing behind the counter is the most beautiful creature on this fucking planet. 

"Um," Louis starts, coughing, "Hi?"

The Curly Head startles and drops his box with cupcakes that he was decorating with stickers so carefully. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry, just," Louis starts, his hands shaking, his cheeks pink from the embarrassment, "let me help you, gosh, I'm so sorry!"

"That's nothing," Sweet Boy smiles, tilting his head and snapping his fingers. "Laura will clean all of that. Laura, please, clean the floor here!"

An old woman with cute pink and green apron comes to the view and starts sweeping the floor, making it clean and without any crumbs and pieces of cupcakes. She has crinkly grey eyes and bleached hair, putted neatly in the bun, and when she talks she sounds like one of this cute and kind grannies in old cartoons. 

"Just as clumsy as ever, Haz?" She winks and continues her job, and Haz (if it's his real name) shakes his head. 

"It's not my fault today, that young man bumped into me," he giggles — fucking giggles — and points his finger in Louis' direction. 

How old is he? He looks like a child, really. Fifteen or sixteen years old boy, and his silly flower crown is laying on the counter (Louis assumes that it's his, because there's nobody ad cute as he in here), and when he laughed a second ago, he covered his mouth with his hand. 

"Ohh," she drawls, "some hooligans decided to visit us?" She looks to Louis. 

"Err, actually, I just came here and I'm a bit lost. Decided to ask you how can I find something to stay, and I'm so sorry for bumping into Haz—"

"It's Harry, sweetie," Laura notes but smiles anyway. "Harry, show him the centre, maybe, will you?"

Harry nods and takes his apron off, and then he goes to Louis and nods to the door. 

"Let's go, Dora the Explorer, gonna show you our small and interesting town."

 

****

 

By the end of their small tour, Louis knows that Harry is nineteen, and he loves cats and  flowers, and there was one day when he pierced his lower lip and bought a pink lip-ring, but then his lip started swelling and Harry decided to stop wearing it. Cute and stupid and adorable, just like Harry is. They walk in the park, and then Harry shows him a nice hotel in the same building as the bakery, so Louis has a place where to stay for the night, until Zayn comes here and takes him home. 

But then Zayn calls him and fucking apologizes and says that he can't come for about three days, because his mum has grounded him (oh God, grounded, and he's fucking twenty!). And Louis doesn't have any friends who have a car or are responsible enough to take him home from this small place located a fucking thousand miles away (Louis is exaggerating, but, eh, this situation allows it).

Harry just smiles and hugs Louis so tight that he can't feel his bones, and then says that, oh jesus, Louis should live with him. 

Louis is totally fucked, because he knows Harry for about three or four hours, and he's going to spend the night at his place. 

 

***

"Oh, fuck!"

"Shit, yeah, feels so good, oh my God!"

The headbord, as Louis assumes, bangs on the wall, and the bed is creaking so loud. 

"Fuck, yeah, fuck me— I'm gonna come, babe—"

Then Louis hears the woman's loud scream and long moan, and then. Fucking finally. The noise stops. 

How can Harry live here? No, it's not that his flat is ugly or old or not comfortable. There is not so much of furniture, and the polish