on a lot of projects and get stuff done. Maybe he was working on a project? I mean, you guys did have one due by the end of the week for class.

Passing growing crowds of people, they began whispering, pointing at you and laughing. Your nervousness grew as they began to form a circle around you, trapping you in the middle. Even as you tried to push through, they pushed you back onto your ass. Your bag was partially crushed, but now you could care less about it.

Slowly, they began chanting 'loser' at you, laughing as your anxiety became more than you could handle. This wasn't something that just came out of the blue, it was planned. You could feel Foxxie in your shirt shaking, clinging to your collarbone tightly. Luckily they were covered and no one could see them.

You were hyperventilating, unable to breathe correctly. They all seemed to be closing in on you, laughing and chanting and pointing. You couldn't hide or have anywhere to go or anyone to help you; or, at least you thought.

A soft hand dropped on your shoulder, giving it a soft squeeze and catching your attention. Your head shot up to look up at the person and practically dove into his arms, hugging him tightly. The bag was forgotten as you buried your face in his chest but, he didn't move. His hands lied against his sides and he made no move to comfort you.

"Ethan...?" You looked up at him, tears staining your cheeks and eyes red.

His face was unreadable, blank and showed no sign of sympathy or love. It honestly scared you. The chanting had lowered to whispering to each other. You barely noticed the girl that walked up to the two of you until after the grabbed the back of your shirt and threw you off Ethan, who just wrapped an arm around her shoulder, a sinister smirk painting his lips. You had no words as the girl spoke, sneering at you.

"Ugh, why don't you find your own boyfriend faggot." She kissed Ethan deeply and the only response she got from him was pulling her closer. "This one's mine and you wanna know something, fuckup? We've been together for ten months."

Just one month off of you and Ethan. He's been cheating on you this whole time... You trusted him... He... He actually did that.

You stared at the boy in shock, waiting for him to say this was a joke, to reassure you that this wasn't true, but he said nothing as he held her close. The crowd began laughing as you shook your head, tears streaming down your cheeks again.

"If anything," Ethan finally spoke up, "I never loved you, it was all just an act." He let the girl go and stepped closer to you. "The popular kid saves the depressed, bullied gay boy and puts on a loving act to make them feel happy. It's all just for the attention. I made you happy, I broke your walls, I got into your heart and smashed it." He snapped his fingers in front of your face, startling you. "Just like that. Although it did take almost a year, it was done and now, I'm just humiliating you." He laughed and pushed your chest, causing you to lose balance and fall onto your bag, crushing the contents more. "So, why don't you take your little emo fucked up ass home and kill yourself?"

You wasted almost no time in scrambling up and grabbing your bag and running home. You could barely see, your eyesight blurry and tear filled. You were stumbling with every step. Your parents and brothers weren't home, leaving the house dead silent and all to yourself.

Your bag was thrown across your room as you fell to the floor beside your bed, burying your face in your arms, body shaking with sobs. Foxxie had flown out and landed on your arm, hugging it the best they could with tiny arms. Instead of finding it comforting, it was annoying. You picked them up and, delicately (despite your own state), threw them onto the bed, getting up and grabbing the pocket knife from your dresser, not giving a second thought as you began tracing the blade over your arm harshly, making long lines down it, recklessly cutting the skin.

Foxxie was practically screaming, shouting and trying to get you to stop, flying over to your phone once they realized you weren't stopping, unlocking it and calling 911. They said nothing and allowed the person on the other side to hear your sobbing. The person started talking to someone else, tracing the call to your location, sending police, an ambulance and fire fighters to your place. By now, both your arms were bloody messes and you were losing so much blood. You fell to the floor, unconscious as the police bust your door open, grabbing you and bringing you out to the ambulance. They were just barely able to save you.

Now lying in a