, Castiel was practically putty in Dean’s hands by the time Friday afternoon rolled around. 

Very slutty, shameless, borderline aspiring-pornstar putty. 

"God, I love your fucking cock," Castiel panted in between the harsh sucks he was currently placing along Dean’s rigid shaft. He shut his eyes and continued tonguing along the pulsating vein that ran along the underside of his manhood before eventually making his way back to the tip and taking him back into his mouth once again. 

"Yeah, baby? You gonna’ swallow it all? Show me how much you love it?" Dean encouraged, spreading his legs some and threading his fingers through Castiel’s dark hair as he went to town on him. His eyes drifted back and forth between Cas’ talented mouth and his ass, which he was currently—and probably purposely—sticking as high into the air as possible. 

Castiel didn’t respond right away. Instead, he savored the weight of his boyfriend’s cock against his tongue, humming out graciously when a bead of precome ignited his tastebuds. “Love it when you leak in my mouth,” Cas whispered against his lips, lapping anxiously at the tiny slit there while gripping Dean at the base firmly. 

Dean gulped heavily and propped himself up onto his elbows to watch as Cas took him into his mouth once more. His jaw fell slack when the brunette continued his decent rather than bobbing his head, and let out a strangled moan when he felt the vice grip of Castiel’s throat envelope him effortlessly. “Oh my fucking god,” Dean whispered in one harsh breath, falling back against the bed and sliding a hand down his face. 

When Castiel set a more methodical pace, Dean looked down again and nearly blew his load right there when he was met with Cas’ shameless stare. “Fuck, Cas. Love when you look at me,” Dean groaned huskily, reaching forward again to push some hair out of those brilliant, sapphire eyes. 

Emboldened by Dean’s dirty talk, Castiel’s already incessant sucking become even more enthusiastic. Dean could only watch as Cas bobbed over him hungrily while saliva dribbled down his chin and onto his own thighs, nostrils flaring with every jagged inhale whenever he would burying his nose into his pubes and take him to the hilt. “Fucking ca—can’t. N-No more, Cas,”  Dean let out breathlessly, barely able to speak until Castiel withdrew, “Bring that sweet, little ass up here.” 

Dean had barely waited for Castiel to catch his breath before he tugged him forward by the wrist and crushed their lips together. Their teeth clicked together once as they claimed each other’s mouths, tongues lapping fervently with one another’s and hands roaming and groping at everything and anything.

By the time they parted, lips swollen and red, Castiel was straddling Dean’s lap, desperately rutting his cock against his boyfriend’s wet one while Dean palmed and rubbed harsh circles into his ass. “Gonna’ open that sweet ass up, angel. You want that?” Dean growled, nudging Castiel’s head up roughly with his nose so he could latch onto his Adam’s apple.

"Y-Yeah. Want you to eat me out, De-Dean," Castiel whimpered, dragging his nails across the other boy’s back hard enough to make Dean arch.

"You’re such a good boy for me," Dean praised, placing sloppy kisses up his throat and jaw and one more against his lips before pushing him down roughly onto the mattress. 

Cas hit the blankets with a huff and grinned mischievously when Dean tugged him forward by his calves and practically folded him in two, exposing his ass wholly while simultaneously rendering him helpless. Without even waiting for direction, Cas reached down and spread his cheeks apart as best as he could, revealing his puffy hole. Dean shoved a couple of pillows beneath his lower back to keep him in place and sat back for a moment to appreciate the view once he released his ankles. 

"So fucking sweet and innocent at school," Dean grunted, already leaning in to trail his lips down Cas’ thick, milky thighs, "but you’re just a little cockslut, aren’t you, Castiel?" Using his full name always seemed to make Cas squirm. He sucked at the sensitive skin there until Castiel’s thighs were littered with little hickeys and bites. "Say it, Cas," Dean growled shortly after, biting down on one of the many marks he’d left behind, and paying attention anywhere but where Cas so desperately wanted to be touched. 

"Y-Yeah, baby. I’m a cockslut. Just for you, Dean," Castiel panted unabashedly, squirming against the pillows and still spreading himself open. 

Not a moment later, Dean’s face was buried between the firm globes of his ass, lapping relentlessly at his puckering hole. Castiel had to pull one of his hands away just to bite down on the back of it to keep from screaming at the sudden sensation but Dean’s hands were replacing his in a second, spreading and kneading the supple