babe."

“That’s enough showboating from both of you.” Liam grabs Louis from the back of his collar, kisses him hard when Louis is on his feet. He snatches the riding crop from Niall’s hand, using the leather end to lightly tickle her thighs and between her legs. “We’ll see who’s got a problem now, Niall.”

Niall laughs, closing her legs with the riding crop resting against her cunt. Liam teases her with it, biting his lip when she moans, but eventually tosses it aside at Louis’ insistence. “No time for games,” Louis chides. Niall beckons them to their knees, undressing and taking turns to kiss each other. Liam and Louis' hands make their way to Niall's cunt, simultaneously teasing her while she jerks them off.

“Be a good girl for me and let Liam take care of you, yeah?” Louis gruffly whispers in Niall’s ear, the sound of it making her even hotter. He has Liam lie on his back and helps Niall position herself over him. Almost immediately, her cunt is met with Liam’s tongue and Louis runs around, straddles Liam’s waist to keep Niall from falling back. Liam swirls his tongue and Niall presses herself against Louis, reaching around to jerk him off until she lifts herself off of Liam, whispers in Louis’ ear for him to fuck her.

They switch positions and Louis rolls on a condom, bending Niall over the arm of the couch for her to suck Liam’s cock as soon as he sits down in front of her. Liam manages to reach under Niall, the pads of his middle and ring finger roughly rubbing against her clit. She gasps as she comes up for air, her hand squeezing the base of Liam’s cock, making him groan out loud. Liam goads Louis into fucking Niall even harder the way she likes it, knowing she can handle Louis’ rough and tumble style. Niall can hardly keep Liam’s cock in her mouth and she seizes up, her legs shaking as she cries out her orgasm into one of her cushions. She urges Louis to keep fucking her, makes him thrust into her hard enough that he comes right after.

“Good girl,” Liam whispers, lifting Niall’s chin up to kiss her. “I want you on top, babe. The way you like it.”

Louis helps Niall back onto her feet and sits her down over Liam on the couch, her back flush against his chest. Liam holds her steady by the waist and positions her legs on either side of him. Louis kneels down and grabs hold of Liam’s cock, sucking and stroking it a few times before helping Niall slowly sink down. Niall can never get used to the girth of Liam, her first instinct to cry out and dig her nails into Louis’ shoulder for support.

“Are you okay? Do you want to stop?” Liam asks, but Niall shakes her head. “You’re shaking all over!”

“No! No, it’s okay, I promise,” Niall insists, moving her hips forward with a shaky but excited laugh. “I just forget how big you are.”

Louis tosses his condom aside and kneels in front of Niall, jerking himself while he sucks on her breasts. Niall likes the way Louis looks up at her, yelps when he bites on one of her nipples. She’s dying to suck him off and tries to climb off of Liam to get to him, but Liam stops her, uses both hands to hold her arms behind her back. He signals for Louis to rub her clit and fucks into her even harder until she comes again.

“God!” she gasps. Niall loses her balance, falls flat against Liam. He slowly starts thrusting into her again, but Niall lifts her hips up to stop him. “Give me a minute, wait,” she laughs.

Liam gives her a moment and he switches with Louis, making him lie back on the couch. Niall climbs off of Liam and crawls over to Louis, immediately sucking his cock, noticing how sensitive he is to every lick of her tongue. Liam spreads Niall’s legs from behind, kneeling down on the floor to fuck his tongue into her cunt before coming back up and sinking his cock into her a second time.

“What’ll you do in the Amalfi Coast?” Louis asks, bringing Niall up for a kiss. “You gonna wear a bikini for us, babe? Those nice ones that’ll show off those amazing tits of yours? Fuck, you’d look so hot.”

“If I wear it for you now, would you both fuck me in it?” she asks. The question makes Liam fuck her harder and Niall jerks Louis’ cock even faster in her hand. “I bet you’re seeing it now, aren’t you? Three of us on a yacht in the middle of the ocean where no one will see or hear us fucking.” Niall yelps, feeling Liam push his cock even further into her. “You’d like that wouldn’