clenched teeth. He grinds down again, the motion making Tetsurou’s towel pool at his side, leaving him bare. Both are fully hard now, pre-cum dribbling down their swollen flesh and making their motions easier. Slick, wet sounds fill the dark living room, as their hips roll against each other. Hot wetness pools between their groins and Tetsurou falls back into the sheets, breathing hard and heavy. He grasps Koutarou’s sides, feels the muscles under his fingers tremble with sweet pressure, and when he opens his eyes to look up at him, he’s met with lustful eyes, looking down at him with just as much love as he’s looking up at Koutarou.

 “Just do it already…” he quietly gasps, sees Koutarou lick his lips as his eyes sparkle with fondness, before he’s leaning down.

 He kisses his jaw, than his lips linger on his cheek, making Tetsurou laugh breathily. Sometimes he feels embarrassingly bare in front of Koutarou, too small in his hands.

 There’s a kiss to his eyebrow next, than his forehead before Koutarou buries his nose in his damp hair, only to inhale deeply. Tetsurou might feel small under him, but Koutarou isn’t far behind. He still looks like an eager teenager, too emotional sometimes, but so honest and real when it comes to it. And Tetsurou appreciates it. He loves it.

 “I love you.” Koutarou breaths out, almost too quiet, which is something quite unlikely for him. But he likes the silence, likes the quiet around them and doesn’t want to ruin it. He doesn’t trust his voice to be louder either.

 Tetsurou huffs out another laugh, hands softly patting his boyfriend’s sides before he leans up to kiss under his jaw, soft and sloppy. A hand comes up to dig into Koutarou’s hair again, before bringing him down until their foreheads touch again.

 Their eyes meet and Tetsurou smiles. “Love you too.” He quietly admits and Koutarou grins, wide and happy, before their lips playfully meet, igniting warm and bright sparks between them.

 Koutarou is the first to pull away, leaving Tetsurou breathless and shivering when he moves away and stands off of the couch. He’s gone for just a second before he returns, almost jumping atop of Tetsurou, holding a tube of lube in hand. He grins down at his boyfriend, getting a soft grin back as he shows the tube.

 There’re no questions asked and no words exchanged. No worry, only sparks of pleasure and trust. They’ve done this times and times before and they’ll surely do it again. Koutarou uncaps the bottle of lube, all the while kissing Tetsurou senseless. When his fingers are properly covered with the water based lube, he gently taps Tetsurou’s hip to make him open his thighs wider, which he gladly does. It doesn’t take much for him to melt in Koutarou’s arms and he knows it.

 A strangled gasp leaves his lips when the pad of Koutarou’s finger, wet with lube and other bodily fluids strokes over his entrance. It’s so hot and wet, it makes his body burn and his thighs quiver with tension and want for more. But Koutarou’s unnaturally slow tonight, watching his face carefully, as if he was mesmerized. The lights from outside makes his wide eyes sparkle, sweat rolls down his neck and chest. Tetsurou would have made a comment, something about how hot he looks over him, but he couldn’t form words. He could barely think, struck by emotions he barely understood, too strong to comprehend.

 When the first wet finger entered him, he bit his lip against the sudden gasp. Tetsurou forced his eyes to remain on Koutarou, as the fingers of his left hand trembled on his hip. Those of the other dug into the soft, clean sheets beneath him. Every little move of Koutarou’s finger made him warm, made his stomach tighten with pleasure. Tetsurou could never get enough of that sensation, no matter how impatient he was some times, he always took a moment to appreciate how good and warm having Koutarou prepare him was.

 When Kou finally added a second finger, just as slowly and tenderly as the first, Tetsurou closed his eyes, moaning hotly and moving his hips along with the motion. The hand in the sheets finds Koutarou’s shoulder, fingers digging into the skin as he pants. He would be embarrassed in other situations, but in front of Koutarou never. He’ll never hide from him. And Koutarou will never let him. Seeing him so pliant, so responsive, makes his stomach tighten, makes him want to hear more of those hot noises he’s trying to stifle, to see more of those erotic expressions. Because that’s a side of Tetsurou only he can see.

 Gently moving his fingers in and out of his boyfriend, the room filling with sweet exhales and moans and wet, squelching sounds, Koutarou leans down to drag his lips down Tetsurou’s neck. He licks and sucks,