. Clutching my forehead I opened the door warily. The room was a mess. CD's, clothes, and pictures everywhere. A faint mist was coming from a closed door, where a shower could be heard. Figuring he would be I while I sat down on his bed. I felt my stomach flip when I thought about seeing my old crush. Shit I sound like some thirteen year old girl. I thought. Desperately trying to think of something else I glanced at all the photos covering his bed.  I bent down and picked up a picture. It was a pic of me. I felt myself blush. Picking up another I was surprised to see it was a picture of me again. I was so absorbed in my confusion I didn't notice somebody was behind me.  "Can I fucking help you?" A familiar voice asked. I spun around to see dave. He had drops of water falling from his body and hair. His 'ironic' sunglasses were removed from his eyes revealing a beautiful red color. I was mesmerized for a while. What the fuck is up with the Everybody's genes these day.  Dave's eyes widened when he saw my face. I tried my best not to blush considering he was only wearing a towel. I hugged me sweater tighter around my body. Seeking comfort in its black fabric. "Karkat!?" He said rushing toward me. He hugged me tightly. Damn they all sure loved to hug each other.  Dave smiled happily. "It is so good to see you!" He stated.  I hesitantly hugged him back. "Now most of us are here. John and Terezi are here too!" He said sounding pleased. My heart hurt at the remembrance of Terezi. I had a small crush on the girl but had a bigger crush on Dave back then. And when they both went out I could only hide my hurt with angry faces, and loud curse words. I faked a  smile, something I practically mastered. "That's so cool!" I said and it even shocked me how happy my voice sounded despite the fact I was just reminded the boy I like is already taken. Dave pulled back at that and frowned a little. I raised and eyebrow. After a few awkward minutes of silence his eyes fell on my lips. I felt myself blush. "You got piercings?" He asked smirking. I raised an eyebrow. "Yeah snake bites." I replied. "Didn't think you had it in you. I mean those RomCons ruined your whole 'I'm too angry to give a fuck about life' look" he said a mischievous glint in his eyes. Taking on the challenge I stood a little straighter. "Oh yeah, well Strider I thought you could never be seen without your sunglasses. Never thought you would have such big ass eyebrows , and I distinctly remember you cried when you got that nose piercing" I said smiling slightly. Dave's hands flew to his face before he ran into the bathroom only to come back with his aviators on. "I'm sure you'd like to continue talking to this  but I'd really like to get dressed so let me say this politely.  Get. The. Fuck. Out." He said turning to rummage through his seemingly useless closet. I mean everything was in the floor anyway. I took that as my cue to leave. Walking back into the kitchen I walked into to quite a odd scene. Rose and Kanaya were cuddled up on the couch and strange enough so were Terezi and John. They look the same. John was still his adorably dorky self and Terezi looked like the same pretty girl She was four years ago except for the fact her eyesight was actually back. Her turquoise eyes focused on me and she smiled before focusing back on to the three kids telling the story. Roxy, Jake, and Dirk were all telling some hilarious tale from the past while Jane was at the counter mixing something in a bowl. Everything felt ..... Right again. Like this is how things should always be. "Oh good Karkles your back. Roxy'a having a party for your arrival" Terezi said smiling. I smiled back as best as I could. Parties weren't really my thing. "Did I hear something about a party?" Dave said from behind me. I turned around a stared. He was a good foot taller me. And I couldn't help but to think he still looked extremely hot. He was wearing dark skinny jeans with varies of tears and rips, a red hoodie with some kind of gear in the front and matching black converse. Of course he had his sunglasses and nose ring in. He flicked a piece of damp, platinum blonde hair out of his face. "There's gonna be one at Rox's tonight" dirk said giving me a knowing smile. Dave suddenly seemed energized "aw yeah Roxy throws the best parties!" He called fist pumping the air. Rolling my eyes I sat in a chair next to Dirk and began to talk about random things as I kept on glancing at Dave.

Dirk mad