said. Then a gruff whisper against her temple, “never letting you go again.” 

Breath hitching, she clung to him. She began to sob. Her arm was gone, she wasn't whole. Solas would see them all dead. Aella wasn't sure how long they sat on the floor, her sprawled across his lap while he whispered quiet, loving words in her ear and stroked his hands through the cascade of white hair he had at some point released from the tight knot she wore. 

“Come, now, you need to rest in a proper bed.” Thom got her to her feet and she sunk down on the edge of the bed. When he began to move away from the bed, panic exploded inside of Aella's chest. 

“Don't leave!” her voice was broken and raw and she hated how weak she sounded. Aella had tried so hard to be strong, first for her parents, then when she'd joined up with the Valo-Kas and finally, while leading the Inquisition. 

Thom took her face between his hands, tipped her head back and stared into her pale gray eyes. “Aella Adaar, the only woman I have ever truly loved. Nothing in this world, or the next, could keep me away from you. I will never leave you again.”

She blinked, felt the tears roll down her cheeks and catch on his palms. No judgment. He had accepted her exactly as she was, as she had accepted him. Deceptions and all. He pressed his lips to her forehead, then brushed a light kiss against her mouth before stepping away again. This time she curled her hand into a fist in her lap, struggling with the desperate need to hold him and not let go. Aella watched him walk to the small basin of water, grab a clean washcloth and dunk it in before wringing it out. He crossed back to her and with gentle hands, wiped away the tears and the sweat before tossing it back toward the basin. Then he helped her strip out of her formal clothing. Taking a moment to press a soft kiss to her shoulder, over her heart, the inside of her wrist. Thom dressed her in the over-sized button down shirt she preferred to sleep in, then drew the blankets back. 

He stripped quickly, then dimmed the light before climbing into the bed beside her. He leaned against the mountain of pillows propped against the fanciful headboard and tugged Aella into his side. They had long ago mastered the best ways to lay together, to accommodate her horns and his smaller stature. Aella's cheek lay against Thom's shoulder, her broken horn resting against the pillow behind him. 

She rested her right hand over his heart, felt the steady beat. Listened to his breathing. Relaxed beneath his strong fingers. Along the curve of her horn, down her neck, over her shoulder. “You haven't said anything about it,” Aella murmured, voice slightly rough from her earlier tears.

“About what?” Thom asked, hand pausing against her horn. 

“My hand.”

“It was killing you.” he said, his voice calm, quiet.

“I only have one hand.”

“You have more than that,” he told her and she let out a derisive sound. “You have mine. You'll always have mine. Sera's, Dorian's. Cassandra's and Varric's.”

“Damn it, Thom. That isn't what I'm talking about and you know it.” Aella jerked up and away from him, barely missing butting him in the jaw with her horn. 

Thom moved fast, rose to his knees and grasped her by her upper arms. “What do you want? Do you want me to be angry? Do you want me to think less of you now? I've seen you cast brilliant spells and barely lift a finger to do it. I didn't fall in love with your hand, or what it could do to save the world. It was killing you and by the Maker, if Solas hadn't done it, I would have.”

Aella blinked up at him, surprised and touched and mildly concerned. “You would have chopped off my hand?”

He scowled. “It crossed my mind,” came his gruff reply. 

“Just like that? Pulled out your sword and -” she made a whooshing sound. “Crunch.” 

“You're a brat.” He released her arms, sunk back against the pillows and glared at her. 

A momentary lightness filled her as she watched him cross his arms over his chest and try to stay annoyed with her. “I'm fairly certain you did fall in love with my hands and what they could do, first.” She skimmed her hand over his bare thigh, felt the course hair beneath her palm.

The next thing she knew, he had her pinned beneath him and had settled between her thighs. “Wench.”

“My love, my Thom. I couldn't have asked for a better man.” She cupped his face, felt the ache of