comments below.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



To My Dearest Ruth,  In a few days, I and my dear Thomas will be seeing you and the rest of our family. I wish however to talk to you about your youngest daughter, my niece, Josephin. Last I saw her it was Christmas, and I saw somethings that worried me and made me want to take her in and send her to study at Almeria.  Let me give you the reasons why I worry and why our beloved Jo should come and stay with us. At Christmas I notice Josephin's unusual relation with her slave. She requested objects for her and continually asked her what she wanted. Not only that but she always was around her and about her as if, Josephin was an young alpha stalking and prepping her mate. I worry that Josephin and her slave are potential mates, and you and I know what wrong with that. However at the same time I can't see that Josephin won't leave unless her slave comes with her. And for either of them to be safe, I believe it will be better for the two of them to come live with Thomas and I and for Jo to study at Almeria to spend her time.


Signed Colieen



 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 



To my sweet Colieen,  While your concern is noted, there is nothing to worry about. The love between Josephin and Amelia is that of nothing more than sisters and while that maybe  worrisome as they should distant themselves as Mistress and Slave.The suggestion that you wish to have Josephin is something that while I'm not interested  in, does intrigue me and Josephin really does need a change of pace and maybe she'll find someone else. Hopefully we'll talk about it with Henry and Thomas. I do worry though,  that she may insist that Amelia should come.


Signed Ruth


 

Jo's long, blonde hair flew behind her as her horse beat the soft , sturdy ground.

"Come on, Amy. We want to have at least a little time there before the reunion ruins all the time we have."

Amy trotted up behind Jo. "Miss -"

A frown instantly appeared on Jo's face. Her light and happy voice, now taking an upset and cold tone, "It's just Jo."

Amy frowned and nodded. "...Jo...It's not the end of the world if we aren't together-"

Jo growled, the frown of her face deepening, her browns sinking. "I'm not going to be mad at you, it's just how it's been...don't worry, I'll break you out that habit."

Jo leaned into Amy and pushed a soft yet forceful kiss on her lips. Now with a smile on her face, "Let's go."  Jo pulled her horse towards the thick deep forest. Amy sighed and followed behind her mistress.

Most would argue that a pair of girls alone in the woods was very dangerous, and at certain times of that day, like early morning and in the late evening, you'd be right. But in the middle of the day when most people were out and about doing their daily business, well... it was a better hiding place than others. Espeically if you were like Jo and Amy and you had stumble upon a well maintained cottage when you were five and manged to keep it up.

 

The cottage was small yet comfortable enough for the pair, the caln quiet made it easy to relax in. 

As the girls tied their horses to a treat and went inside to make some cups of tea.

"... Jo?"

"Yeah, Amy?"

"You seem...distracted."

"...I'm not. Oh!" Jo  jumped with enthuasian and smiles on her face. " I have your birthday present."

"M..my... birthday present?" Amy replied with shock and embarssment.

"Why yes, while some may forget their own birthday, I do not." Jo said handing Amy a small parcel wrapped in brown paper.

"I know it's not much but... I... care for you deeply Amy. More than anyone, even you with you're precptive eyes can see, and all I want for you is your happiness, so please do as you wish with it." Jo said and then got up and left. "I'll meet you at the edge of the forest."

The sound of Josephin getting on her horse and riding away echoed in Amy's ears. She tore open the parcel in it were a set of papers and a letter.

 

 

 

 




Know all Men by these Presents that I Josephin Mary Anderson of Hilmaria County but now in Helen 

 in the County of White for and in Consideration of the services which I have received from 

 Amelia Rose my slave. Do now release and for ever set free the said Amelia Rose from all 

 claim or claims which I ever had or now have and from all manner of claim or claims to servitude which by me 

 my heirs or assigns or which by any other person or persons might or could be made in virtue of her being my 

 former property. I do release her the