with a shrug.

"But Bruce, he shouldn't be leaving behind bruises," Tony protested.

"Riiight, like you've never gotten bruises from sparring."

"I  . . Well, I . . Fine, but I still don't like it."

"I know, but leave him be, okay?  He'd feel really guilty if he thought he hurt me, and it's not like he hit me that hard.  They're minor bruises.  It's no big deal."

"But .  . ."

"Tony."

"Fine."

With that, he returned to his work in silence, and Tony decided he should let it drop.  Bruce was right, accidents did happen during sparring.  He shouldn't make Steve feel bad just because he landed a couple of blows on Bruce's arms.  It didn't need to be a big thing.

However, when he walked by the slightly ajar bathroom door while Bruce climbed into the shower, and saw the assortment of a dozen or so bruises at various stages of healing covering Bruce's back, chest and arms, he decided he needed to say something.  He knew Bruce wouldn't want him to, but this was ridiculous.  Bruce should not be getting that beat up.  Steve needed to be more careful.

"Bruce?" Steve's voice drifted uncertainly into the lab.

"Yeah?  Can I help you with something, Steve?" Bruce asked kindly as he made his way over to the door.

"I . . .uh . . Well, Tony came by to talk to me," the young man, and in the moment he did seem very much a twenty-something instead of "Captain America," stuttered uncertainly.

Bruce grimaced.  He had hoped that Tony would leave things alone, (especially after he had felt strangely compelled to make up a lie on the spot), but he should have known better.  Asking the engineer to drop something once he started it was like asking a sunflower not to follow the sun.

"He asked me to be more careful, because he thought I was beating you up during sparring practice.  Do you know anything about that?" he asked as he pinned Bruce with a piercing blue stare, all the nervousness from before suddenly covered by his commanding "Captain" presence.

Under the scrutiny of Steve's stare, Bruce felt a bit like a misbehaving grade schooler.  He also felt a strange compulsion rising up in him, like he had when confronted by Clint or Tony.  Only this time, instead of feeling the need to lie, he found himself unable to hold in the truth.

"Tony's been having trouble with his PTSD," Bruce said suddenly.

Steve looked at him in confusion, trying to figure out how the two topics were related.

"He's been having nightmares; sometimes ones where he gets violent and thrashes around."

The captain's eyebrows raised as he started to put the pieces together.

"He's hit me a few times while he was sleeping.  He can't help it . . . . He's not even conscious when he's doing it . . . But I know that if he knows that he hurt me in any way, shape, or form, it's going to devastate him. . . .so I tried to hide the bruises, but he found out about them, and when he asked about them, I couldn't help it . . . I just came up with the first lie I could think of that I thought he would believe and wouldn't follow up on.  So I told him they were from sparring with you.  Well . . . . It looks like  I was half right. . . I'm sorry, Steve.  I never meant for him to involve you . . ." 

"It's okay, Bruce . . . .but don't you think that Tony deserves the truth?" 

Once again he found himself under the scrutiny of the solider, and he found himself having trouble not shifting under his gaze.

"He'll overreact.  He'll isolate himself from me in some guilty attempt to protect me.  He'll go off to face his demons alone so he 'doesn't hurt me.'  I don't want that to happen," Bruce whispered, his honesty so raw that he felt like it had been ripped from inside of him.

"Then tell him that.  Tell him everything.  Bruce, don't you think lying to him is just going to make things worse?" Steve reasoned.

"Yeah, you're right," Bruce said with a nod, (but I'm still not sure I can tell him the truth).

"Tony, I need to talk to you," Bruce said solemnly as he crossed the common room to sit next to him.

"About what?  And will you be telling the truth this time, or are more lies on the menu?" Tony inquired sharply.

Bruce looked at him in shock.  He knew that Tony probably wasn't happy about the lie he had told