darted inside.

Ronon's mouth fell open, his throat working as the outline of the tentacle moved beneath the leather, sliding along the shaft his lengthening cock. "John," he said, thick-voiced, "I mean it," and John's dick throbbed.

"Want me to call McKay after all?"

"If you do, you'd better hope I don't get loose."

John smirked. "Not ready for a hot bondage foursome?"

"Yeah, keep making jokes." Ronon strained against the tentacles, to no avail. "These things kill me and my ghost will come back and kick your ass."

"Ronon, it's an orgy room, they're not going to kill you. They might fuck you 'til you can't walk, but they're not going to kill you. Look, you know how this stuff works -- the Ancients made this kind of thing for a purpose, and usually once it's done whatever it's supposed to do, it turns off." He walked over to Ronon. "And I think we've got a pretty good idea what this thing's supposed to do."

"Sheppard...." Ronon eyed him warily. "Don't."

John offered him his most innocent look -- which was, admittedly, not that convincing. "Don't what?"

"Don't do what I think you're going to do."

"What, you want to just stay tied up here the rest of your life?" John shook his head. "Nope. I need you on Atlantis. But maybe we can vacation here next summer." He sank to his knees in front of Ronon and worked his leathers the rest of the way down while Ronon threatened him in languages John didn't need to understand. Ronon's thick cock was dark and stiff, slick at the crown, and well worth the beating he'd probably take the next time he was crazy enough to spar with the guy. The tentacle had coiled around it like a snake, and the gleaming metal shimmered as it moved, stroking and pulling Ronon's erection.

"Christ," he murmured. "Do you have any idea how fucking hot you are like this?"

Ronon's cock twitched and the tentacle retreated, slithering away like it was making room for him. John moved close to lick the shaft, the faint taste of metal lingering there. Ronon groaned, and John took just the head in his mouth, the smell and the taste making his head swim, then sucked him deeper, heavy and intoxicating. He could feel Ronon still pulling against the tentacles, the muscles flexing in his thighs, but he didn't stop and Ronon didn't ask him to.

It didn't take long, either, maybe because neither of them was trying to drag it out, but when Ronon's hips bucked and he came down John's throat with a shout, John almost shot his own load. He was smirking when he pulled back, and seeing Ronon panting and sweaty above him didn't do much to convince him that these tentacle things were a bad idea.

They were not, however, releasing Ronon.

John frowned. "Okay," he said to the room. "You can let go now."

One slick tentacle began questing around Ronon's thighs, and then snaking higher, and John's eyes widened when it slipped into the cleft behind Ronon's balls.

"John," Ronon said, panic at the edges of his voice, "John, what-- you said-- Oh! Oh...."

The tentacle seemed to be swelling now, disappearing inside Ronon's body, and Ronon was starting to make those sounds, little needy whimpers like when John was just starting to push inside, teasing him with it. "No, really," John said, standing up and hurrying back to the console. "That is not okay! Bad room! Bad!"

Behind him Ronon's breathing was growing labored, and John's panic was creeping back in past the ache of arousal.

"John -- shit, come on," Ronon said, and John turned and spread his arms helplessly.

"I can call McKay, that's -- I don't know what else to do!"

Ronon huffed a laugh and shook his head. "Get -- get over here."

"You think it wants you to go again?"

"No, I-- oh, oh fuck," Ronon gasped, his cock starting to lift, and okay, John wasn't going to let that go unanswered. No machine was going to fuck his boyfriend while he just stood around watching.

"Good thing you're young," he muttered, dropping to his knees again. "We could be here all damned day."

Although as he took Ronon in, he had to admit that actually sounded kind of fun.

He hoped the machine hadn't heard that.

Ronon's cock was salty-slick and swelling in his mouth, and when John reached back to play with his balls, oh god, that