not to come up here to the west wing.  I suppose it would have been best not to come, but I wanted to know what was so special that I’m not allowed near.  Am I not allowed here because of you?”

The man smiles a little, but he looks more grumpy than happy.  “You catch on quick, dearie.”

“Who are you?”

Now he looks grumpy without a smile, and starts turning his big wheel again.  “Have you not seen me about the castle nearly every day?”

“Yes.  But I don’t know who you are.  What’s your name?”

“Rumpelstiltskin.  What are you doing up here anyway?”

Belle smiles wide, and curtseys as she has been taught.  Curtseys are one of the things she actually likes about being a princess.  “Pleased to make your acquaintance, Rumkin.”

“It’s Rumpel –”

“Are you friends with my Papa?”  She walks to the other side of the big wheel, and stands next to the bench where he is sitting.

“Hardly.”

Belle frowns.  He sounds like he does not want to be friends with her papa, though she doesn’t know why.  Her papa can be fussy sometimes, but he is a very nice man.  “Do you work for my Papa?”

“In a manner of speaking.  Why –”

“What do you do?”

She stands there, waiting and smiling.  He snaps his fingers, and a big, slimy toad appears in front of her in a puff of purple smoke, and drops to the floor with a loud plop.  Belle nearly bursts with glee as she scoops up the toad.

“Oh, magic!  I love magic!  I want to learn to do magic, too.  But Papa says princesses are not meant to do magic.”

She smiles at the toad in her hands, then up at him.  He has a very strange look on her face.  He looks like the maids did last week, when she came in for her afternoon lessons covered in mud with thorns and twigs stuck to her dress and hair.  She is not sure what that look means.  She tilts her head, and studies him closely.  He does not look at all like the other people in the castle.

“Are you a lizard?”

“Do I look like a lizard, Little Highness?”

She looks him up and down again.  “Yes.”

The lizard man frowns.  “Well, I assure you I am not.  I am a rather vile creature, and wield rather dreadful magic, and you would do well to show a little fear and keep your distance.”

Belle blinks, and sets the squirming toad down on the ground.  It hops away.  “Why would I be afraid of you?  Lizards aren’t scary.”

“As I said, dearie –”

“I once found a lizard in the gardens and I carried it around the castle and played with it all morning.  But then Papa saw me with it and had a maid put it outside.  He says princesses aren’t meant to play with lizards.”  She tilts her head, and considers him.  “Does that mean I’m not meant to play with you, either?”

“As I said, I am not a lizard.  But in any case, no, you are not meant to play with me.”

“Oh,” she sighs.  It seems a rather silly rule.  Her papa is with him all the time.  “Why not?”

He stops turning the wheel and stares at her.  “Dearie, has anyone ever told you you are a terribly annoying and wretched little beast?”

She stares at the lizard man.  “No.  That would be an awfully mean thing to say to someone, don’t you think so, Rumkin?”  He gives her that angry cat look again.  Belle looks around the room.  It is very dark and that makes it not a very happy place, but the pictures hanging on the walls are all very pretty, and the things sitting around the room all look a great deal more interesting than the things that are in most of the rest of the castle.

“I think I’ll play with you anyway,” she says finally.  “I do lots of things even when Papa says I mustn’t.  But please don’t tell him that.  We can play with your big wheel together.”

He sighs, and she wonders if he is sad about something.  “Don’t you think you would be better off playing with children your own age?”

“No, thank you.  I think I would much rather play with you.  The girls my age don’t like to get their dresses dirty.  There’s hardly anything fun to do if you fuss just from getting dirty.  And one time I tried playing with a boy – since he would not mind getting dirty, you see – but he pulled my braids so I pushed him in a mudpuddle.  And then Papa fussed terribly.  Also, if I play with you in the tower I can see the whole kingdom from your windows.”

“I don’t like opening the windows