melted away into a small smile. “I like it much better here.”

Jared let him change the subject to new languages Jensen had been learning in the time between planetary stops and silently made a vow to make certain Jensen never regretted joining this crew.

***

Three days later, Jared stumbled into the galley in search of food and coffee, not necessarily in that order, to find Jensen absent and the others chattering excitedly about something. When he realized Dr. Collins was also missing, he made a bee line for the infirmary.

He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but Misha and Jensen both seated on one of the medical cots humming wasn’t it.

“So, uh, I guess you’re not actually having the babies?” he asked after they glanced up to acknowledge his presence.

“No, I am,” Jensen answered briefly before returning to the humming.

“What are you-”

“The humming should be helping calm the babies, but I don’t think my voice is quite familiar enough to them,” Dr. Collins cut him off to explain. “Why don’t you take over for me, and I’ll get my equipment ready?”

Jared shrugged and took a seat next to Jensen. The Androsian winced every now and again, violent movement from his offspring visible from the outside. Jared, borderline tone deaf as he was, did his best to match Jensen’s sustained note and watched in amazement as the flailing calmed. Jensen released a relieved sigh before continuing to hum.

Jared noted that his friend had removed his shirt, but was still wearing his pants. That seemed a little odd, but not as odd as the other thing that caught his attention.

“You don’t have a belly button!”

Jensen blinked at him. “Of course I do, but it’s under my pouch flap.”

“Your what?”

Gasping suddenly, Jensen placed a hand to the side of his belly as a clear liquid began bubbling from somewhere near the top of his stomach, which was all kinds of weird! Upon closer inspection, what Jared had thought was just a crease in the skin was actually a slitted opening running from one side of Jensen’s abdomen to the other.

“Oh! Like a kangaroo,” Jared declared in awe.

“I take it human women don’t have pouches?” Jensen asked cheekily in between panting breaths.

Jared shook his head, hoping to avoid any further stupid commentary on his part. 

Jensen flailed blindly for a moment with the hand not on his stomach until he found Jared’s hand and squeezed it. He closed his eyes and let out a long, low moan. His belly moved in a very odd way, as though something fairly large were crawling upward from the bottom to the top beneath the skin, more of the fluid pouring from the pouch opening. 

“Stop...staring at it,” Jensen managed to joke.

“Or what?” Jared challenged. 

“Or I won’t let you help name them.”

Misha returned, nudging Jared to the side and then reaching into the pouch and removing a squirming infant so he could clamp and cut the umbilical cord and wrestle the child into a diaper. He handed the now squalling baby off to Jared so he could return his focus to Jensen. Jared tried the humming again, and the tiny Androsian calmed down, joining in with a much higher pitched hum.

“Wow.” Jared marveled at the tiny, slightly slimy, wrinkled, and utterly perfect little creature in his hands. “Birth is gross, but that’s totally not as awful as the way humans do it.”

Misha absently pointed at a blanket lying folded nearby. “Keep him warm until his twin joins us and we can put them back in the pouch.”

“Put them back in?” Jared asked as he awkwardly swaddled the baby, belatedly remembering to hum to keep him calm.

“Yes,” Jensen explained between groans. “Androsian babies...live in the pouch...for a few weeks after birth...for safety and bonding.”

Jensen gritted his teeth and grunted, the same strange motion under his skin heralding the first baby happening again, the other twin emerging from the birth opening in the bottom of the pouch. Misha fished him out as well. Baby number two was a bit larger than the first.

Dr. Collins gave the infants a quick examination and then eased them back inside Jensen’s pouch. Without all the fluids, his belly was smaller, but still very pregnant looking.

“Isn’t there an afterbirth or anything?” Jared wondered.

“Jensen’s body will reabsorb the placenta,” Dr. Collins explained. Jensen lay back, both hands resting on his stomach and his eyelids drooping heavily. “Let’s leave them alone to rest, shall we?”

“You can stay,” Jensen mumbled, chin hitting his chest. “I don’t mind.” So Jared stayed.

***

Jared didn’t realize he’d nodded off himself until he woke up to find Jensen nursing one of the twins and cradling the other as he slept.

“Hey, sleepyhead,” Jensen