. (PAIN.) And that's all fine and good in this situation, but what happens when someone wants to hurt me (more likely, you have to admit--I mean, unless we're counting disgruntled scientists)? Do you think Kolya wouldn't do anything to get his hands on--ow--someone--ow--someone I--ow--someone who means a lot to me?

And that's if things are going well. Supposing the relationship crashes and burn (considering it's us, it's really just a question of when). How good of a protector am I gonna be then? How objective is either one of us going to be about sending the other into danger if we're fantasizing about wrenching out his guts? (Speaking of which, make it stop? Somebody?)

I mean, it's not like we're all happy-go-lucky bestest-friends-forever now. (Ghhhhlgghhow.) We just don't care enough to get bent out of shape about the shitty stuff we do to each other all the time. But there's a difference between your friend pissing you off and--ow--your--ow--your lover pissing you off. I have enough I have to take care of without adding your feelings! (John mentally crossed off this last line because it was too mean.) Do you really think either of us is good enough at relationships to keep it up more than a few weeks? Days? Have you met us? We--ow--we do this--you get your way--all you have to look forward to is getting your heart broken--you know that, right? (Aauuugh, enough, enough.) If we don't make it to the stabbing each other with butter knives stage, it's only because one of us is killed first, and let's face it, all the stupid shit I do, that's gonna be me. I'm long overdue to be exploded or shish-kebabed or (for example) beaten to death with branches. Getting together with me means a good chance you'll be left burying a boyfriend. (Meanwhile, for me: sweet hellfire. (Please, please take me now.))

Man, Rodney, John concluded, you're really lucky you have me around to say "no," because you're really not looking out for yourself at all.

Then, because it was a mental letter, he mentally signed it: Love, John.

By now his lips were bleeding from where he bit them and there were tears streaming down his face and into his beard and he felt now would be as good time as any to revisit that Calgon-take-me-away shower scene. He was so profoundly dirty now, between the swamp stink and sweat and oozing wounds and all, that just the thought of a shower was sexy on its own. Now add Rodney--John had seen him in enough semi-naked states and clinging shirts and tight pants that he could imagine something probably more or less accurate, if, perhaps, idealized. His imaginary Rodney had smooth, soft skin, hot and wet in the shower mist. Hair slicked down, clinging to his forehead. Cock hard out in front of him, red and water-slicked; John can feel it press into his back as Rodney comes up behind him and--

Makes it stop.

John opened his eyes. Captain Tev was waving away his torture ogre.

"Done so soon?" John gritted. "I was just... getting into it."

"Perhaps you will enjoy this nearly as much." He nodded forward his current assistant, the guard who'd caught them upstairs, who drew out his knife and carved a series of quick gashes in John's cheek. Tev watched, contemplatively, and asked, "Does your friend like to look at your face?"

"He's more of an ass man," said John, and instantly regretted it, but the guard didn't pull out any red-hot pokers or anything. Instead he very suddenly punched John hard in the eye. Then in the jaw. Tev nodded, and the guard began to undo the chains.

"Understand," said Tev, "I do not discourage devotion. But unless it is tested, it is meaningless."

John tried to think of a witty retort (maybe something to do with English class) but none sprang to mind. He also failed at remaining upright; as soon as the chains around his wrists were undone, he collapsed against the guard's shoulder, bleeding all over his uniform. In this John took a little pleasure.

They hauled him back up to the cell block, making sure to pick the entrance that would pass them by Rodney's cell on their way back to John's. John hoped he would be asleep--wouldn't that just be so frustrating for these guys? Try to walk the beat-up best friend by the guy you really want to hurt, and he's dozing off angelically dreaming about rabbits or something? But it was