that quickly changed after you took a course in ASL. You never admitted to yourself that it was because you wanted to actually hold a conversation with him; you told yourself, and everyone else, that it was simply so he could teach you better. Sollux saw right through your bullshit though and was pretty adamant about making you sign to him every time you tried to talk to him. He had an amazing ability to read lips but refused to acknowledge you unless you signed to him.

When you first took the class you never really practiced outside the classroom. You simply forgot. Sollux took the opportunity to help you. Occasionally making you sign the alphabet and, once, showing you how to spell your name. You started growing closer to him then.

You'd go over to his dorm room and study, which usually ended in you staying until midnight and getting your ass whooped in a video game. After a good three months Sollux would sign something to you before you left. It was three words but you only knew two of them. "You" and "Are". Eventually you got curious enough to ask your teacher. You signed it to her, rather hideously you might add, and after she eventually figured out what you were trying to sign she giggled.

"Eridan, that means "beautiful". Is someone signing that to you?"

You immediately blushed and excused yourself, running out of the room as your Professor quietly laughed behind you.

You didn't tell Sollux right away mostly because you weren't entirely sure what it meant. Did he like you? He obviously thought you were beautiful, plus he knows that you're in an ASL class so you'd eventually learn what he was signing to you. Which means he would have to tell you eventually. So what were you suppose to do? More importantly: how did you feel about him?

That was a struggle. A big one because you weren't entirely sure if you were gay. You wouldn't really ever have known. You'd been chasing after one girl for so long you had never given yourself the chance to move on to someone else. You eventually got over that struggle though. You really cataloged how you felt when you were around him and took a serious look at him as more than just a friend; and you could feel the flutter he stirred in you just by being around him. You couldn't refuse to admit that he wasn't attractive anymore, because he very well was and you really liked it. He was a geek and occasionally wore shirts from games, like the Triforce from Zelda; which you know nothing about. Managed to stay skinny despite the fact that he never worked out and his diet was a disaster. Also has more muscle than you which you still don't understand; the only muscle you have is when you go on walks to take pictures. And is constantly fifty degrees warmer than you.

So after getting over yourself, and praying that you wouldn't get rejected, you confronted him. You signed to him, "I know what you have been signing to me when I leave."

He smirked, obviously not believing you and replied back. "Oh really? What?"

You took a breath and said out loud, "you think I'm beautiful."

He'd been watching your lips very closely, and when you said the word "beautiful" his face went white. He stumbled, obviously trying to figure out what to say, but you caught his hands and made him look at you.

"Do you mean that?"

He nodded stiffly.

"Do you like me then?"

He tried to raise his hands but stopped when he realized you were still gripping them and didn't intend to let go. After a minute of looking down at his hands he lowered his gaze to the ground and nodded.

You sighed in relief and made him look at you again; then you signed "I like you". Maybe it's because you're really bad at paying attention in class, or your just an idiot, but you didn't sign that at all. You said "I love you." Which made him the happiest person you'd ever seen.

Your relationship soared after that and you started dating. He was everything you could of wanted of a boyfriend, and while you both still fought you still had the ability to work it out. There were ups and downs, mostly due to you. You thought you were the absolute worst because you just couldn't sign correctly; but he drove you to continue, not because he necessarily pushed you but because he was willing to talk to you without it. You learned it because you didn't want him to have to write down what he wanted to say or, occasionally, trace the words on your skin. You eventually learned your mistake the night you admitted you liked him, but didn't really think anything of it. You did love him.

You dated for the remainder of college and continued even afterward, you got an apartment together after graduating and are still living together years