McCree sparked up another cigar, chainsmoking even before they had begun their conversation, as Pharah knocked her ankles off of the edge of the rooftop.

She chuckled to herself, and McCree made a noise of curiosity.

“So…” She began, with a smirk. “Hanzo Shimada, huh?”

McCree choked a little on his smoke as Pharah laughed, and exhaled shakily from the coughing, laughing himself.

He smiled.

“Yeah, I know. Unexpected as hell, lemme tell ya. Didn’t even know he was in Overwatch.”

“I figured as much.” Pharah replied, boldly pulling out a cigar from McCree’s discarded packet next to him. “You would be good together. Similar backgrounds, right?”

“Like you and Angela, huh?”

Pharah paused for a moment, sparking up the cigar, and then laughed.

“Yeah.” she replied, with a contemplative smile, and looking down at her armour-clad legs. “Like me and Angela.”

“And how’s that goin’ for ya?”

“Good. I think.” Pharah states, with a dreamy smile. “She makes me happy. Happier than I’ve ever been.”

“Well, that’s what matters most.”

McCree lays down against his hands on the rooftop, as Pharah looks out over the setting sun.

“What a mess.” she mumbles, but she mumbles with a smile. McCree chuckles as he exhales smoke.

“We sure have done it this time.”

“Do you think we should tell them first…?” Pharah replies, before trailing off slightly at the end, hesitant to realize what she had just suggested. “You know…before we go to Ana.”

“…Maybe.”

There is a pause between them. But it’s not an awkward pause. It’s a collective pause; of the thoughts of their loved ones, the thoughts of all the times they’ve both lay awake at night, thinking of Mercy and Hanzo respectively, lustfully, and of course, lovingly.

Perhaps the time was now.

McCree laughs. Pharah looks at him, surprised, and he puts his hat over his face after flicking his finished cigar over the roof’s edge.

“I’m mighty scared, Fareeha. Mighty scared.”

“Why are you scared?”

“You know best why.” McCree replies, and then laughs again, but this time, it is a nervous laugh. Pharah feels the emotional rock in the pit of her stomach from knowing exactly what he is about to say, and she knows full well she already feels the same way about Mercy.

They both pause. McCree finally breaks.

“If anything happens to him…if I went through all of this, and lost him…” He finally manages to admit, and Pharah lets out a sigh of relief at hearing him say the way that she too feels.

“…I know.” Pharah states, and looks over the canyon’s sunset. “But we can’t keep running from our feelings for them, can we? Ana would tell us much the same.”

“You’re right…but it’s damn hard to admit somethin’ like this. I know it must be for you, too. Angela’s a medic, and all…”

Pharah feels almost a pinprick of reality behind her eyes of tears rushing to the surface, and looks away from McCree in an effort to save face.

She takes a breather, before mustering up the courage to finally admit the heavy weight on her mind.

“…I worry so much for her safety it makes me sick.”

“You shouldn’t, Fareeha. You’re the best thing outta Overwatch for her. I’ve seen how you protect her.”

“But what if one day I can’t?”

“That day ain’t gonna happen,” McCree replies with an unshakeable certainty, and sparks up another cigar. “Because you love the girl. Ain’t that right?”

Pharah nods firmly.

“Yes. I need to have more faith in her ability to protect herself, too. She’s made it this far. And you should feel the same way about Hanzo, too.”

McCree nods, squinting a little from the sunlight hitting his eyes, and places his hat back up on his head.

“You’re right.”

“Do you love him?”

“Yeah,” McCree replies, almost instantly, and chuckles to himself as he takes a drag of his cigar. “Boy howdy, I love the man. How could I not?”

Pharah smiles warmly, and places her hand on McCree’s, seeing him emotional for the first time since they were kids.

“I’m really happy for you, Jesse.”

“Thank ya.” He mumbles, and pats Pharah’s armor-clad hand. “And I know you love Angela more than you love anythin’ in the world, don’t ya?”

“I do.”

“Then we should tell ‘em, tomorrow. Let’s just bite the damn bullet, Fareeha. Life’s too damn short as it is.” 

 

The conversation ends.