, very far from that honestly, just perhaps not that obvious of others feelings. chanyeol longed deeply to be able to tap into the boys mind and truly understand him, but he simply learnt that he was just not the right person to be able to do that. byun baekhyun will choose who’s able, and it was very obvious from the way byun baekhyun gleamed at the other members, that park chanyeol was not one of them.

 

clutching a small box in his anxious hand, chanyeol watched byun baekhyun from afar as he stumbled closer and slowly stepped a foot inside the large practice room, but suddenly he felt his heart drop. it fell from the seemingly high space it had been for the past 4 years, into an area of chanyeol’s body that it seemed unfit. through his short reflection, he understood that now it was time to let go, and chanyeol choked viciously, clawing down the tears that threatened to fall. to remove himself from the boy that held his heart like a cage and do what he could to move on. he suddenly felt sure, so sure that being able to do this would allow their friendship to still remain strong. whilst glimpsing at byun baekhyun, he gently heard the piano keys bounce off the boys tiny but sturdy fingers and simply stood to stare at the person he let sit in his heart for 4 years. his soft facial features didn’t match with the tone of his voice, as byun baekhyun sung powerfully and with great force that chanyeol was impressed at how well byun baekhyun’s lungs could hold during a long note. his palms sweated against his jeans, as he tried to gently step a foot inside, to only move it back an inch so he could continue doing exactly what he has done for the past 4 years: observe from afar. chanyeol lifted his fringe with his pinky and swiftly wiped at the sweat from his brow and tugged at his earphones, stealing one last peek at the beautiful byun baekhyun before sniffing softly and shaking a tear away from his eye. chanyeol felt the bittersweet mood fly through the room, as he hummed gently and stumbled through the door, turning his back against byun baekhyun for the final time.

 

 

 


I should’ve been more careful, 



I should’ve saved myself 



So I wouldn’t get hurt



 I’ve never felt like this before, like my breath will stop 



My head is filled with thoughts of you 



Your face, the sound of your laughter.


"no matter how much I think about it, it's you."

angst / sfw


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

there were so many things baekhyun was sure of because his mind was always at a high state of certainty, running, spinning at full force. the amount of energy the boy carried was insane, some believed that baekhyun simply wasn't human due to the amount of liveliness he constantly carried on his 47cm wide shoulders. but what they didn't know was how baekhyun's shoulders were chanyeol's most comfortable place. beyond the small cafe outside SM that he often found himself in with baekhyun, beyond the sitting room in the boys apartments, even exceeding the comfort of his own bed. baekhyun was the safe space chanyeol knew he could return too. but despite being sure of many things, his feelings for chanyeol was something that always strikes up in his heart as something that could make the boys anxiety level go through the roof.

 

 

he knew when it happened, he knew the exact time, date and place that he started to worry a little too much, started to care a bit more than he had previously. baekhyun was observant, although he was not good in some situations and had a tendency to say things that would upset others, he knew how to look after those he treasured and the people that filled every corner of his heart. chanyeol took up the largest space. he could never understand his feelings for the giant who appeared just about everywhere, but not being honest about them was something he regretted. it felt unusual, abnormal almost, to even think about his warmth and tenderness for chanyeol, and it drove him insane. when baekhyun found a soul that was compatible with his, he found out and discovered different things about chanyeol, to fall in love with every time they were together. it was usually through certain expressions or gestures that chanyeol made, his aegyo and how he scrunched his nose in dislike, how chanyeol was always attentive to baekhyun's needs, how chanyeol clung to baekhyun and always made him feel safe. it might've been the way he smiled or laughed that made baekhyun fall deeply in love with chanyeol. it could have just been the way he spoke and sung. baekhyun learned that this is what true love is; discovering more and more reasons to love someone, each and every day.

 

 

he was always a bit of a show-off, he liked to have a good circle of friends and was easily acquainted with everyone he met. baekhyun was charismatic and easy going, he knew how to brighten someones day and could radiate his positivity in any environment. but this changed when he signed with SM