lived there.


 


"I'm sorry but we no longer have Chihoko. Such a fine young man he was. He paid what was left of his contract and even gave us a generous amount of money as an apology." Said the landlord. Yuuri could only thank her before heading home.


 


He felt a bit betrayed that he hadn’t mentioned anything.


 


"Coffee, I need some coffee." he mumbled out loud and took off his shoes at the entrance and walked over to the kitchen. While the coffee machine was buzzing away, Yuuri walked over to his in home office and turned on his computer. His in home office was really just a corner in the living room.


 


Yuuri pondered over everything that has happened lately and the fact that he has lost all of his pictures like that. It was a good thing that he had already saved them on his computer, except for the ones he captured of Viktor for obvious reasons. But well, this wasn’t even the point.


 


The point was that Viktor took the memory card away just like that, and Yuuri didn’t even realize until it was too late. 

What did you expect from a crime lord?



 


He shook his head in disappointment and walked back to the kitchen to get his coffee before heading back to his desk. He refused to think about the bastard any longer. He won’t give the other man any satisfaction of being in his thoughts.


 


While he was looking through his images, he couldn't help but feel like he had forgotten something. 

What was it? What was it? What the hell was it? 

The more he thought about it, the more his head started to pound.


 



I’m probably just stressed out. 

He concluded. He turned off the computer monitor and decided to get started on laundry. He went to his room and grabbed some of the clothes he had thrown around the room when a small object fell with a light tap onto the floor from a pair of pants.


 


 He picked it up for closer inspection when he realized it was his memory card. 

What…but this isn’t burnt?

 He turned it around in confusion when he noticed the words “you’re welcome darling” written in white ink.


 


Yuuri frowned and stared at it skeptically. 

Viktor kept my memory card all along? That means the burnt one wasn’t mine to begin with? 

With a sudden realization, he quickly dashed over to his computer and inserted the memory card.




Please, please, please,

 he chanted over and over on his head. Once the memory card loaded, he opened the file and noticed there was only one picture. 

What? Did Viktor delete all of the other images?

 Upon clicking on the JPEG, Yuuri gasped at the picture that filled up his computer screen.


 


It was a picture of himself and…another person Yuuri had wished to forget.


 


A sob made its way up his throat, but he forcibly held it down as he yanked the card out and grabbed his jacket.


 


Viktor needed to explain, and he needed to do that right now.


 


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


 


Viktor groaned at the feeling of the hot water over his body. He rolled his head around until he heard a couple of cracks before relaxing into the tub.


 


A part of him cursed himself for not bringing a drink into the bath. He was about to call out to the maid when he heard a loud commotion nearing his bathroom.


 


"Sir, I can't let you go further-"  


 


"Sir, you're going to get me in trouble." Viktor could hear the panic in her voice. He got out of the bath and headed to the towel rack.


 


"Where is that piece of shit!?"


 


The crime lord smirked when he heard a very familiar voice. One he had been expecting some time or another actually. A voice he had dreamt of last night, except in his dream, that voice was screaming “Viktor”.


 


"Sir, please leave the room, no one's allowed to enter without his permission." He could hear the maid practically begging.


 


- - - -


 


Yuuri swung the door open and froze, face turning a bright red and deer eyes opening wide. He thought about screaming in disgust and covering his eyes, but that would mean he was in denial of how he really felt. The sight he was met with was anything but repulsive. In fact, it was a sight he had only imagined when he was in bed late at night.  


 


The sight of a very wet…a very naked Viktor with nothing but a towel…in his hand. No, not on him, but in his hand. The water was dripping down his well-defined pecs and continued to his long and toned torso. It seemed as if he was drying his hair or something. Truthfully, Yuuri didn't even know, because his eyes dropped further south on Viktor’s body and stuck there.


 


"You can leave for the rest of the day. Matter of fact, tell everyone else