carton with a fork?” he prodded. There it was again and Liam was chucking a pillow at the brunettes head without giving it another thought.

“Piss off if you’re going to make fun of me again. I told you I’m not in the mood.” He narrowed his eyes at the boy who was standing in front of him and crossed his arms, hopefully giving off the vibe that he is not to be messed with.

But it’s Louis, and Liam knows he’s probably fighting a losing battle. “Come on Liam, what’s gotten into you? First you leave without talking to any of us, and now you’re acting like I pissed in your cornflakes this morning. What gives?”

“What’s gotten into me?” and Liam’s voice is rising, as he is trying not to lose his temper, but it’s so very hard because he’s been holding back for so long now. “What has gotten into me, Louis, is that you insist on picking out every tiny thing you hate about me and showing it off to the world. And while it might have been funny the first twenty times you’ve done it, you gotta know your words fucking hurt and I’ve had enough.” He breathed, looking right at Louis’ face, but not really seeing him with the tears blurring his vision.

For the first time, Louis is sort of speechless. It takes him a bit to recover from seeing Liam seething mad, and another moment or two to get over the fact that Liam is mad and that he just cursed at him.

After what seemed like forever, Louis finally speaks up. “I-I’m sorry Liam, I didn’t realize I was hurting you.”

Liam is sort of taken back that Louis has apologized this soon into the conversation. This reduces Liam’s anger considerably; in fact, he is feeling guilty for being so hard on Louis in the first place. But then he’s remembering the hell the older boy has put on him, and then suddenly he’s not so sorry anymore.

When Liam doesn’t respond, Louis is stepping forward, but stops in his tracks when he sees Liam physical flinch away from his advancements. This makes Louis’ heart ache. He knew then he has taken this way too far when it’s doing this to Liam.

“Liam, I am sorry, but I do have my reasons for this, if you’ll just hear me out, I can explain them.” He says, unsure if he starts now if he’ll be able to stop.

Without a sign that he should continue, Louis is talking again, trying to fix the mess he’s made between the younger boy and him. “Liam, I just needed you to notice me, any other way besides just a friend. I know that it wasn’t the best method, but I had to get a reaction from you somehow. You were giving the other boys so much attention and… I don’t know, I felt left out, a bit jealous I guess.” He stopped, looking at Liam, who was watching him carefully.

“So what, now you’re jealous of the rest of the boy because I give them more attention due to the fact that they don’t trash me in front of millions? Yeah, deal with it, because after today, I’m ignoring every word you say.”

Liam’s words hurt, and Louis cringes. He never thought that sweet boy was capable of hurting Louis, but he had. Whatever Louis was thinking didn’t compare to what Liam was thinking. He deserves this, and so much more.

“Liam, please, I’m sorry. I only did it because I’m in love with you.” He blurts out. He needs Liam to know the truth, whether that be too late or not.

All the color leaves Liam’s face, and he looks like he’s about to be sick. He feels it too. Did he just hear Louis say he was in love with him? “W-What?” he chokes out after a minute.

Sighing, Louis takes a breath, hoping he will get his message across correctly. “Liam, I only did it because I’m in love with you. I wanted your attention. I wanted to have all your attention. I know it’s the wrong way to go about this, but since when have you known me to do anything logically?” he says slowly, watching Liam with every word.

For what seems like hours, it’s silent. Liam doesn’t say a word, but Louis knows he’s thinking. He’s either trying to figure out a way to let him down gently or a way to kill him and hide the body. Louis would probably prefer the last because that would mean he wouldn’t have to live with the feeling of rejection.

Louis is the first to break the silence. “Right, well I’