The ride home had been at least peaceful; Sherlock had his head buried in the book while Mycroft's only though was why he had not thought about this earlier

Once home, mother had taken refuge in her room claiming being car sick and needed to rest, father was on the kitchen fixing dinner. Gratefully, Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. Asperger's syndrome according to the first doctor; only to be reaffirmed by the second. Mycroft had known all along, there was something with Sherlock but that did not mean it was something wrong; father comes out of the kitchen to announce dinner would be ready in five, and to tell mother and Sherlock.

"She is sleeping." Announced Sherlock just when he was about to knock his mother's door. He had long ago managed to keep up with the way that Mycroft talked with his eyebrows. –"I just checked."

"You should wash up, dinner is almost ready." –He turned to leave only to notice Sherlock nodding, for once not fighting, which was odd. –"Something you want to say."

"I finished the book." –Admitted Sherlock in a rather coy way, only to be rewarded with a doubtful look by Mycroft. –"I did! You can test me if you want."

"Fine, we would do it after dinner."

… …

Mycroft stood outside the school doors waiting for Sherlock, his eyes scanning softly the grounds while parents and kids made their way home, with a huff of impatience he checked his watch for the second time, Sherlock was almost never late, unless… With another sigh, he made his way inside. He found Sherlock sitting across another kid outside the office door. His teacher was coming out and stops at the sight of Mycroft. By the state of Sherlock's clothes and face, he knew his parent would be arriving soon; he sat next to his brother giving him a disapproval look.

The parents of the other kid came followed by the Holmes, a small discussion could be heard inside until the other kid's parents stormed out. The discussion grew quieter, marked by the higher tones of a mother.

"It was not my fault." – Sherlock stated while looking across the room.

"Then whose fault was it? He is older than you and according to him, you provoke him."

"I was passing by carrying my food and he made me stumble. So, I only let him know since it was his fault he should, at least, pay for my food." –Sherlock looked at the floor. –"To this, he stated I should eat it from the floor so it would not go to waste because that is how freaks eat all the time. So I hit him."

Mycroft let out a sigh; he did not know he was holding, he knew the scene very good, but now that his brother was involved it was a very different feeling. Slowly he patted Sherlock head in a soft way.

"Next time something like that happens, you do not get yourself in trouble. You wait for me, understood."

"I do not need you to fight my battles!" –Sherlock exclaimed all the sudden get away of Mycroft's touch. –"I can do it on my own."

Mycroft was about to reply when his parents came out, Sherlock will only be attending school for the next week after that mother will be in charge of his studies until he was old enough attend Mycroft's. The Ride home was tense; Sherlock was grounded.

Please enjoy your stay, and happily indulge yourself with some Turkish delight on your way out. Thank you again for taking the time to read this nonsense of mine.

"Because the day I became yours, you became mine."Nothing but, a meager attempt of peeking in to Mycroft Holmes's mind palace.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


Love the Hardest Way


 

 

 

 

"Love is the devil counting teardrops in the rainFor what is worth, I do not want to see you hurt…More than you have to." HIM

 

Mummy had been making a big fuzz over this new friend of Sherlock’s, apparently the boy was about the same age of Sherlock and although they were not in the same classes they have manage to create some kind of connection, that was in mummy’s choice of words. Friends, friends, and even playmates were always a difficult task for the Holmes’s boys; while Mycroft would only try to pick a person up it fit to his needs. Sherlock will do exactly the opposite; pick a person and dissemble it piece by piece and once the mystery of how they work was out, he would get bored and toss them aside. Mycroft had know it exactly his life plan since he was six his “friends” were all picked with precision for their role in his future. Sherlock was a bit more sentimental, Mycroft will always blame Mummy for this, he will not care for whom they were or their future roles, more like picking stray cats because they were cute.By the time he got to meet Victor, their relationship was strong, when Mycroft interrogated Sherlock