, rubbing her breasts against the older girl’s. Shell squirmed underneath Morgan and was about to yell when Morgan crushed her lips to Shell’s, immediately plunging her tongue into the older’s mouth. Hazel eyes widened to the size of saucers and she struggled against Morgan, but the taller girl seemed to be stronger! 

Morgan swirled her tongue into Shell’s mouth, touching the other’s and forcing a strangled moan out of her. All the while Morgan was folding Shell’s breasts, rubbing them and pinching her nipples. Shell arched in a way to escape Morgan’s torturous touch, but the blonde didn’t have any of it and quickly left her lips to kiss down Shell’s neck, her chest and then to her breasts. She kissed and licked them and then wrapped her lips around the nipple, sucking until it was a hard bud. She did the same to the other nipple while her fingers trailed down and she shoved one into the older, scissoring and stretching her inside. 

Shell’s breathing was ragged; sweat beginning to cover her body. Morgan added a second finger and shoved them in deep, causing Shell to yell out and arch her back. Morgan smirked in satisfaction and removed her fingers, spreading Shell’s legs apart and licked up her clit slowly and agonizingly. Shell jerked and then yelled out when Morgan plunged her tongue into her (Shell’s) depths. The older girl bucked her hips and gasped as Morgan swirled her tongue around, tasting every crevice and hidden corner. 

Shell let out a yell as she released into Morgan’s mouth and the blonde lapped her juices up, licking her lips. Morgan then grabbed Shell’s hips and rolled her over and made her sit on her knees. Shell’s face was flushed and her chest heaved as she tried to breathe. “What are you doing?” 

Shell glanced over and her eyes widened again when she saw Morgan put on a strap-on dildo. “W-wait!” she cried and Morgan got behind her. Morgan only smirked and started to guide Shell towards the top of the bed and Shell looked to see another strap-on dildo strapped to the headboard and she started to struggle. 

“No use struggling Shell.” Morgan purred in the other’s ear and guided her closer and closer, lifting her up and with a shove, Shell cried out when the dildo in front forced its way inside her. It was thick and she felt full. She felt the one that Morgan wore prod at her other hole and before she could yell out, it was shoved into her tight hole deeply. Morgan grabbed Shell’s hips and began thrusting, both dildos moving in and out of her quickly. 

Shell’s cries of pain soon turned to moans of lust. Morgan was ecstatic, hearing the noises that came from the girl’s mouth. Morgan moved closer, making Shell move forwards and the dildo in front go into her deeper. Morgan tightened her grip on Shell’s hips and suddenly began pounding as a man would, Shell’s moans turning into lustful screams. The bed creaked as Morgan continued her assault on Shell’s areas and then the brunette screamed out loudly as she climaxed. 

Morgan smirked as the brunette sagged and she pulled the dildo out of Shell’s tight hole and unstrapped the one on her, throwing it onto her bag. She leaned down and grabbed the double dildo before lifting Shell off the strap-on and rolling her onto her back. Shell was exhausted and her eyes were closed tightly. She felt Morgan touch her legs and spread them apart and then she yelled out when Morgan shoved one of the ends of the double dildo into her deeply. Morgan smirked and lowered herself on the other end, moaning loudly and began to move, the double dildo penetrating them both deeply. 

Morgan moaned even louder and forced herself down on the double dildo even more, causing Shell to scream out loudly as it touched the very back of her wall. Hot, salty tears spilled down her cheeks. Morgan moaned and licked the tears, gripping Shell’s breasts and squeezing them as she continued to pound down on the double dildo. 

By that time, both girls were moaning and panting as Morgan violated Shell’s body, nipping at her most sensitive spots. That’s when both their bodies tensed up, muscles contracting and both moaned out long and loud as they climaxed. 

Morgan smirked down at Shell, who just glared at her weakly. Morgan slipped off the double dildo and Shell winced when Morgan pulled it out of her. Morgan put her clothes back on, Shell still naked and tied to the bed. She grabbed all the sex toys and put them in her bag. 

“Untie me.” 

Morgan glanced over at the older girl. 

“I said untie me Damnit! I’m fucking naked and I’ve been violated and RAPED! BY A GIRL!” Shell yelled at Morgan angrily. 

Morgan just smirked slyly. “No, I think I prefer you this way Shell-bell.” She purred. She crouched back down and took out something from her bag and a small