no physical wound unrelated to his land and people would be able to remain on his body. It's the one benefit of being a nation.

Disappearing isn't that easy. Even self-harming, which he attempted once on a whim, proved to be relatively useless. The only remarkable change then was the momentary pain that quickly faded afterwards into nothing.

It proved itself to be a pointless experiment.

Japan wishes that the scar would remain. Something to satisfy himself, however pathetic and selfish wanting this is. So he'd be able to see evidence of punishment for his countless wrongs.

It's just like the times Japan incessantly washes his hands, not pausing even when they are red and irritated and wrinkled from the excessive rubbing. The blood may not be on his hands anymore, but it is still there. Invisible. Red.

Japan's done many less-than-glorious things in these recent years, and it's especially moments like this when they come back as vivid memories, haunting him with every step he takes.

Physical wounds may be healed, but for a nation, the psychological ones are not.

There are exceptions to the rule also. As long as the distress for land and people persists, these new wounds will not vanish. They often are minor annoyances which only grows into chronic pains as the days go by.

(Funny that these particular wounds were inflicted by the one who forced his way through Japan's doors and promptly named himself Japan's friend.)

Japan has seen what he needed from the Opium Wars. England...the alliance was signed with Japan's well-disguised distrust and mixed feelings, the sight of the blond hair and especially distinct eyebrows always bringing up memories of the man and China.

The two of them spent quite an amount of time smoking in the best meeting room in China's home, while the smaller children were left unattended to and afraid.

Japan had looked on back then with anger and unhappiness, feeling upset for China, yet remaining fixed in his haze of contempt for him.

Strange that you only realize your faults after everything ends. It's most likely because you haven't tasted defeat yet.

He always used the man who raised and educated him as an example of weakness, telling himself that he is better than the collapsing country that is China, that he would rise to glory. It became a mantra of sorts, which he used to push aside his doubts during the Boxer Rebellion.

Come to think of it, Japan has really done many things recently, huh?

He always wished fervently for power, to be what China once was. To not be oppressed like the others were by the Europeans. 'I'm different, and they'd be better off following me' was what he kept thinking.

What trouble in Asia isn't brought by the two-faced gaijin?

(Well, and himself.)

America truly unsettled Japan at first, with his over-intimacy and cheerful disposition. Plus the tendency to ignore what Japan says sometimes, covering up his words with America's own decisions.

Perhaps he's accustomed to being in control.

But Japan adjusted in order to converse well (and for his imminent rise to power), along with the gradual discarding of his kimonos for suits and western wear.

It worked, until he became unsatisfied with the western nations' obvious disregard of him. He'd made a step into the world stage, albeit a small and insignificant step which he despised.

So he made some new...friends.

Speaking of them, where's Italy and Germany now?

Japan knows that his fair weather friends are in a no better position than he is currently.

Losers never are.

Japan enjoyed their company, but he never was able to get far past the ditzy "Ve~" noise Italy always makes, or Germany's stern face and subtle concern.

He doubts that they know further than the usual things either, that he is polite, reserved, and understanding.

Is he though? Japan doesn't know anymore, since the fine line between outer mask and inner thoughts has already blurred and vanished for him. Every day he lives with an emotional mess burdening his shoulders while he's busy with giving retributions.

There is no time for the three of them to gather and lament their predicaments.

Few friendships ever last. Few bonds ever remain.

(But didn't he himself push them away? Aniue-niisan-, imouto, otouto...)

Japan believed that bonds would make him weak and prone to irrational judgements. It was a fact that became more and more clear to him, especially after the several incidents during the turn of the century.

Maybe it is so, but Japan never thought of how it would be right now, nothing remaining from half a century of blood and tears and pain.

Everything turns out to be futile, only leaving Japan to dwell in his mind, drowning in guilt and regret.

What else does he do anyway, except for this?

In a fit of arbitrary madness, Japan tears off the bandages around his head, ignoring the throbbing pain