, who had been circling them underwater, jumped up and whipped his hair out of his face and got them even wetter. Aoi leaped onto his back and pinned his arms to his sides with her legs, shouting at Touko to get revenge.

“Fukawa-san has opened up a lot,” Makoto remarked, bending over and grabbing onto the metal ladder leading into the pool.

“She’s always been rather talkative,” Byakuya replied.

“Mostly around you, but now she’s talking more to everyone else as well.”

Cool water lapped at Makoto’s ankles. He stared up at Byakuya.

“I think sharing that I-Novel with us helped her feel better about herself,” said Makoto. “It’s shown her that she doesn’t need to be alone and that she has people who want to support her. She doesn’t need to bottle up her emotions anymore. Genocider Syo has been happier too. And she enjoys writing with you. Togami-kun, you’ve really made her happy.”

Byakuya scoffed, jutting out his chin. “Obviously. It is due to my input that her current project is at the quality it is now.” He looked away, folding his arms over his chest. “... Though I admit she is doing an excellent job. But that’s to be expected. She’s a Super High School Level Writer, after all.”

Yasuhiro shouted something. Makoto turned toward the pool. Byakuya furrowed his brow.

“And Fukawa didn’t live a carefree life of ignorance,” he added. “She’s gone through many hardships. It taught her things.”

Makoto peered up at him. Byakuya’s attention had once again fallen onto Touko, who was currently waddling away from Aoi. Aoi flung out her arms, giggling and demanding that Touko accept her hug. Yasuhiro sidestepped in front of Touko and Aoi tackled her. Touko flailed her arms and squealed, cheeks pink but not with anger.

Laughter rang out.

One could almost pretend things were normal again.

Choosing his next words carefully, Makoto said, “Togami-kun. You like Fukawa-san, don’t you?”

“... She’s more tolerable these days, I suppose. Especially now that her mouth has a filter so she doesn’t say so many disturbing things anymore.”

Makoto gulped and willed himself to talk. “I mean... in a... different way to how you... tolerate us.”

For one moment, Makoto swore he saw Byakuya Togami blush. Then he blinked and Byakuya had his back to him and was stomping toward the changing rooms.

“Togami-kun?” Makoto spun around on his heel and extended an arm toward him. The laughter in the pool died down. “Where are you going?”

Byakuya stopped by the door and planted his palm against it. “I told you all before.” His voice was low. “The day I allow myself to feel such a... thing... will be the day I renounce my bloodline. I don’t need you trying to plant ideas in my head.”

Makoto’s arm flopped to his side.

“Togami-kun...”

“Save it,” said Byakuya.

The door slammed shut behind him.

***

All fifteen students stood in front of the exit. In Makoto’s hand was a switch. He pressed the red button on it.

Light overwhelmed his senses as the door moaned open.

He fell out of bed.

Four months. Maybe.

***

The next domino fell. Quite literally, in fact.

No one expected anybody to die again. A naive thought for one to have in a school of mutual killing yet it was a rational assumption. They coexisted. Hung out together. Aoi styled Touko’s hair after some convincing by the former. Makoto accepted Aoi’s offer to coach him. They sang karaoke in the music room. And after a few days of avoiding everyone, Byakuya let Yasuhiro drag him onto the stage for a duet. Touko resumed writing with Byakuya. Things seemed fine again.

So when Makoto answered his door one morning to a hysterical Aoi, he didn’t know what to expect.

He didn’t expect Aoi to show him Touko’s body lying on her stomach at the bottom of the stairwell on the ground floor. The only person not present was Yasuhiro, who Aoi excused herself to fetch. That left Makoto with Byakuya. Byakuya, who was girdled by a mess of books as he knelt beside Touko. Head tilted forward so no one who was still alive could view his face.

“Fukawa-san...” Makoto choked. “Why-?”

“It couldn’t have been suicide,” Byakuya stated with no emotion. Touko’s hand rested in his palm. His fingers curled around hers. “She would have written me a note if she planned to kill herself. But there isn’t a note. Asahina checked her room. There wasn’t a note in the library.”

“She was carrying a lot of books,” said Makoto. “She must have lost her balance and tripped.”

Byakuya didn’t reply.

Aoi and Yasuhiro arrived.