sofa with his legs curled up to his chest.

“John Watson…Why the hell do you keep appearing on my mind…” He said that out loud to himself and sighed loudly. Mrs. Hudson then knocked on the door before opening, “Sherlock. You’ve been holed up in your apartment for days now. Shouldn’t you be going out solving crimes or whatever it is you do?”

Sherlock didn’t even bother turning around to face her and replied, “Lestrade has not been giving me a call for any cases so there is no need for me to be going out at all.”

“I see. Alright then,” Mrs. Huson replied, turning around to go back down.

“Oh, and Sherlock,” she turned back to look at Sherlock. “Well, Mycroft called me to remind you of getting a gift?”

Sherlock heard what Mrs. Hudson said and sighed loudly once again as he tries to sit up properly. “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” he told her before standing up and walked towards the window that oversees Baker Street since he lives on the second floor. He was only generally looking around until he spotted a familiar blonde turning a corner into Baker Street. His eyes widened as he quickly strips off his dirty clothing and changed into new ones. He rushed to the door and down the stairs whilst wearing his coat, scarf and gloves.

Mrs. Hudson heard heavy footsteps but wasn’t quick enough to catch Sherlock to question him about his rush out the door. Sherlock opened the door, his coat half buttoned and scarf lazily done only to be met with the scene of John running into the middle of the road and bending down to grab hold of something small then ran over close to where he is.

John was breathing heavily as he tries to catch his breath from what he did. Sherlock quickly closes the door and tidied himself up. He breathes in and out a few times quickly to calm his wild beating heart and walks up over to where John is.

“Are you alright?” He started, genuinely concern as well as curious as to what it was he picked up on the road.

John Watson tilts his head just enough to see who it was that was talking to him and took note that it was the brunette he met the other day at the lobby.

“I’m fine,” he replied.

His voice is as hoarse and deep as Sherlock remembers it. Hearing him speak sends a shiver down his spine involuntarily, even Sherlock himself questions his reaction towards him. Sherlock then walked closer to take a look at the what was in his arm and it turned out to be a little black kitten.

It surprised Sherlock that someone like John would actually care about something so small whereby most people just passes by without a bat of an eye at the helpless creature. It somewhat moved Sherlock as he witnessed another side of John which he dares assume no one has ever seen before.

John Watson was not exactly an unknown man to public, owning a big company of his own, doing charities all around as well as appearing on various genres of magazines especially gossip magazines where they label him as the most eligible bachelor.

John stood up properly, holding the little black kitten in his hands ever so gently and stroked it. He took his scarf off and wrapped it around the kitten to keep it warm. He smiled when the kitten stopped shivering from the cold and was relaxed in his scarf. For a short moment, he forgot that Sherlock was there but reminded himself immediately as he turned to face him.

“So… er… do you need any help?” Sherlock tried to offer. “I think I will be fine. Just need to take care of this little fellow here,” he motioned his head towards the kitten. “I’ll be off then,” John said after a moment, starting to walk off in the direction he wanted to go.

Sherlock panicked as he heard what he said and tried to think of any excuse that can make him speak to John a little more. “Wait!” John stopped in his tracks and turned to Sherlock. “Yes?” He asked. “I-I…erm… would like to th-thank you for the incident the other day. You… You know? You caught me before I dropped on my arse and-“ He was cut off halfway by John’s deep chuckle at Sherlock’s stutter. He found it adorable.

“So you would like to treat me to something as thanks for catching you before you dropped on your arse?” He asked, finishing Sherlock’s question with a boyish smile on his face. Sherlock closed his open mouth and cleared his throat before replying, “ Precisely.”

“How’s about you come over to my office this Friday at noon for a cuppa with me?” John offered.

“That would be good,” Sherlock answered immediately.

“I’m sure you know where to find me. Just tell the receptionist your name.”

Sherlock didn’t think that John would know his name and so he somewhat introduced himself, “Oh. My name is-“


“Sherlock Holmes.