Jean constantly switching between languages), it only increased.

Jean didn't know why it bothered Eren so much. At first Jean thought it was because he didn't know French, but Eren knew enough to understand most of what Jean said since he responded sometimes to him (always in English though). He sort of wished he could hear Eren speak in French, but he hadn't heard him.

Still, because it annoyed him, being the loving boyfriend he was, he constantly tried to talk in French.

"Peux-tu me faire des œufs?" ('Can you make me eggs?') He asked after giving up on cereal since there was no milk.

"Only people that speak in English get eggs," Eren huffed as he stuffed more of those same eggs onto his fork before he took a bite.

"C'est plus le gosse agaçant qui amasse les œufs. ('More like the annoying brat hoards the eggs') Jean mumbled, but Eren heard.

"Who you calling an annoying brat, dickface!"

"The one that won't share any eggs and throws a fit over the way someone speaks, connard."

There it was again, the first word that Jean said in French to Eren. It was nostalgic, but in a bad way. Because Eren had to admit now his French had gotten better since then and he knew more words, including what that one meant.

"Did you just call me a shithead?"

"Et si je l'ai fait, loser?" ('And what if I did loser?')

Eren left his still half eaten breakfast to go stand in front of Jean, he jabbed a finger against his firm chest, "Listen up Kirschtein, I'm sick of this shit. You don't need to speak French. I don't go speaking German to you. We understand each other fine in English."

"Parce que ça sonne plus mignon de t'appeler chaton courageux en français." ('Because it sounds cuter to call you a feisty kitten in French').

Eren's face flushed as he heard. He definitely understood that.

Jean started laughing, pleased he made Eren embarrassed.

"You are such a dick, I hate you!"

"Vraiment, parce que pour une raison, j'aime ton cul prude," ('Really, because for some reason I like your prissy ass'), he spoke before grabbing Eren around the waist and gave him a deep kiss like he had been wanting to do since he started arguing with him.

One other thing about Jean speaking French.

It led to angry arguments with Eren.

And that usually lead to angry hot sex.

All protests died in Eren's throat as Jean pulled him close against his body. Their tongues tangled for dominance, until they had to come up for air. Eren pulled back and he could see the flush on Jean's face.

Dammit, he thought as he pulled him toward the bed room.

He'll argue about it during sex.

So much for arguing, Eren thought briefly before he snapped out of his thoughts.

"Tu n'as pas l'air de passer un mauvais moment." ('You don't look like you're having a bad time') Jean said in between thrusts.

"Tu es tellement serré, merde, Yeager ('You are so tight, dammit Yeager') He gave him butterfly kisses along his jaw and neck.

"Qu'est-ce qui ne va pas, rien à dire?" ('What's wrong, nothing to say?')

Eren couldn't stand how Jean kept whispering in French while he was inside him, but his body was betraying him. With his nails digging into his boyfriend's back, his body arching up, and his toes curled into the bed sheets, he couldn't help listening to the words, close against the outer shell of his ear. Some words he could understand, others he couldn't. Still in that low, deep voice, it made his heart beat erratically.

"Shuddup," Eren mumbled, as he bit his lips to keep in a moan. He felt close to release.

Jean lifted Eren up and held him in his lap as he kept thrusting. Eren wrapped his arms around his neck, so close to the edge.

Jean pulled Eren as close as he could, hand on his back, "On se met en colère et on se bat, mais je t'aime encore, Eren." ('We get angry and fight, yet still, I love you, Eren')

It was like an explosion, because Eren felt himself come undone as he came between his and Jean's abdomens. The white stars flickering behind his eye lids as he rode out his orgasm.

Jean kept thrusting for a bit longer, until he finally released inside of Eren, biting and nibbling on his neck and shoulder. The heat from the shot of cum made Eren's mind go blank and forget the fighting for a brief moment.

Jean sighed, basking in the afterglow. The orgasm, the angry sex - all the arguing was worth that.

Eren had his head on Jean's chest.