Joonmyun's car. It's the first time the whole night Baekhyun has ever hinted at him being younger than Joonmyun, or even speaking informally at all.

"Goodnight, Baekhyun."

Baekhyun waves to him before going up the front steps of his apartment building and keying in his building code and disappearing inside. Tonight went far better than Joonmyun could've ever expected. He would've never expected to have a second date planned going into it. Joonmyun pulls back onto the road and drives to his own apartment building. He might just have to thank Taeyeon for this one.

 

*

 

"So?" Taeyeon appears next to him, twirling a pen between her fingers as Joonmyun fills out paperwork at the reception desk. He startles a bit and lets out a huff once he realizes it's only her.

"So, what?" Joonmyun gathers his papers and goes to the back of the office, finding refuge before parents bring in their sick children once the office opens in a few minutes. He unlocks the door to his office and flicks on the lights, Taeyeon trailing not far behind.

"Don't play dumb, Joonmyun," she sighs and sits down as he shrugs off his coat to hang on the back of his chair. Rolling out his chair, he plops down and retrieves his laptop from his brief case and sets up for the rest of the day, maybe only partially ignoring Taeyeon's incessant staring.

"I'm not playing dumb, you're the one who came up to me with a one word question."

"Joonmyun, how was the date," Taeyeon practically whines and it makes Joonmyun raise his eyebrows at her.

"It was fine. Don't you have daily prep to be doing?"

Joonmyun hears her grumble as she stands up and all but stomps out of his office. He chuckles and types in the password to his computer on his desk, then the password to his laptop.

"You're telling me at lunch," Taeyeon says as she wags her finger at him, halfway out the door.

"What if there's nothing to tell?"

"Oh, I hardly doubt that, Dr. Kim."

The door closes behind her and Joonmyun barely gets to sit five more minutes before he's being paged by this nurse or that one to different exam rooms, calming different kids and helping with tricky diagnoses. He feels like he doesn't have time to stop and breathe. Joonmyun powers through his lunch break, and when he passes Taeyeon in the hallway she seems just as equally busy as he is. Fridays are always the worst.

"Chanhyuk, look here for me, okay?" Joonmyun whispers as he holds out his first finger. The small boy's swollen eye has trouble following his finger that he moves back and forth through the air. He frowns a bit and stands up straight looking at the list of symptoms the nurse wrote down in the file.

"It hurts," the boy whimpers and clenches his fists in his lap so he doesn't touch his eye. Joonmyun nods and tilts Chanhyuk's head back by his chin to shine a light into the boy's eye.

"It looks like you have a stye, buddy," Joonmyun concludes and lets the child's chin go to step back and write into the file. The boy starts to whimper, and Joonmyun kneels down in front of him to take his hand and smile up at him. "Hey, it's okay. There's no need to cry, you know why?"

Chanhyuk shakes his head and wipes the tears off his cheeks, staring intently at Joonmyun.

"You get to wear a cool pirate eye patch," Joonmyun smiles and reaches into his lab coat to pull out one of the temporary ones he'd grabbed before he walked into the exam room. "See? You put it on your eye like this."

Joonmyun hooks the two elastic strings behind his ears and adjusts the patch over his left eye, flashing a 'V' sign at the small boy who giggles a little.

"You can find some pretty cool looking ones at the pharmacy, too. Some have dinosaurs and puppies on them."

"Are there ones with ballerinas? Or flowers," Chanhyuk asks, voice full of wonder, and it makes Joonmyun laugh softly and nod.

"Of course there are." He helps the boy off the table hand hands him a sticker and helps him put on the other temporary eye patch until they get medicated ones at the pharmacy. "Now all you have to do is wear the super cool eye patch and be the most well-behaved pirate and do as your parents ask and your eye will be better in no time!"

"Aye aye captain," the boy giggles and immediately sticks the sticker to his shirt. "Come on daddy, we need to go find more pirate things at the store!"

"Have a good day Lee-ssi, drive safe. And get better soon, Chanhyukkie!" Joonmyun bows to the pair as they leave the office with their prescription write up and Joonmyun finds his way back to his office for the first time all day