till you leant into the darkness to join him. Placing the dress down on the bed beside him, you moved your hands back to his bare skin to stroke down his torso while you lowered yourself to your knees.

Spencer leant back on his arms while your hands undid his pants, gasping lightly as your lips moved to his torso to follow the path your hands had taken. It took very little effort to bring him from his pants, his excitement mostly fully showing through his length. Once it was in your hands, you looked up into his eyes again with a devious grin.

“For me?” you asked, teasing him with your fingers.

“I…” he started but you hushed him once more.

He groaned while he watched you look down to his erection and lowered your mouth to his lap. Swallowing hard, he tried desperately to keep his composure as your lips kissed his tip. Without hesitation, you moved your lips around his end, moving your hand down his shaft a little while you enjoyed the taste of him. Spencer threw his head back involuntarily, moaning loudly as the sensation of your warm, wet mouth slide down his length.

A hand crept forward, sliding up your arm to your shoulder then into your hair, his touch sending shivers down your spine and making you moan happily on his cock. Would he take control or would he let you do what you came to go? The thoughts swirled around in your mind as your tongue swirled around the tip of his length. The groaning that came from him told you that he was enjoying you, perhaps a little too much for now.

Rising up slowly, you let him see your devious grin before your hand moved to his side to grab the light material of the dress that you’d previously discarded. For a moment, the confusion spread across his face, however, it wasn’t visible for long. Twisting up the dress, you pressed the material across his eyes, blinding him from everything you were doing.

“Wait… I…” he began to object.

“I know, but… trust me,” you answered, leaning your hands around the back of his head to tie the dress. The objection died down very quickly when your hands moved to push him onto his back and you climbed atop him.

With your knees either side of him, you moved yourself up to sit on his exposed girth, sliding your hands down yourself to take hold of him in your fingers. Spencer let out a small gasp as he felt you press his tip against the front of your slit, through the thin material of your lingerie. Looking down your own body, you could barely believe that it was happening as you teased his girth with your own pleasure.


Nothing to prove andI’m bulletproof andKnow what I’m doingThe way we’re movin’ like introducingUs to a new thingI wanna savour, save it for laterThe taste of flavour, 'cause I’m a taker'Cause I’m a giver, it’s only natureI live for danger


Two hands slid up your thighs, moving over your underwear to grip the skin of your sides as it glowed in the street light. Spencer’s slightly laboured breathing only added to the sensation which ebbed and flowed with each slow grind along his length. You couldn’t help but let your head roll and your back arch, sliding your free hand up his arm and pulling his hand up to your breast to squeeze.

The more you teased, the wetter the material of your underwear became and the more you just wanted to feel him deep within you. His nails dug into your hip as his head raised blindly then fell away in frustration.

That was it. That was all you could take. You wanted him now.


All that you got, skin to skin, oh my GodDon’t ya stop, boy


Lifting yourself up, you tugged your underwear to the side to expose yourself to his excitement, shifting a little as you position him beneath you. As you lowered down, you could feel the pressure as his tip began to push into your hot, wet hole. The sudden slip beyond the threshold caused you both to gasp sharply, mouths both slightly ajar. It didn’t take long before you were moving slowly up and down his entire length, unable to help yourself as your fingers continued to play with your clit.

The slow and controlling motion kept Spencer’s breathing at a steady labour, prolonging the feeling and letting the pleasure build slowly as you leant down to kiss his lips hard. Your behind rose and fell steadily while your hips curled into his and your hands slid up his chest and over his shoulders into his hair. When your lips did break, it was to let out a long gasp and a whimper as your cheek pressed against his and your body shifted up and down his rhythmically.

“Mmmm, fuck, Y/N,” moaned Spencer, his hands sliding around to push your behind down against him with each motion.


Somethin’ 'bout you makes me feel like a dangerous womanSomethin’ 'bout, somethin’ 'bout, somethin’ 'bout youMakes me wanna do things