stood at the foot of the bed, stark naked in all his youthful glory, and looked him over. Pike held steady under the shuttered gaze, refusing to flinch despite his self-consciousness about the red marks left on his thighs and hips by the exo-skeleton. At least being on his back hid the worst of the scars from the operations. He drank in Kirk's acres of creamy skin, the understated swell of muscles designed for work rather than for show, the trail of dark golden hair down the flat abdomen to where a rosy cock was lifting out of its nest of curls. Pike took that salute as a compliment, steadily refusing to think about how much older he was than Kirk, about the scars and creases and grey hairs that marked his many years of hard service. Kirk looked every inch the future of Starfleet and he looked like what he was - old and used up.

"Where's the lube?" demanded Kirk, clearly all business and no romance, just as Pike wanted it. He wanted no false illusions that this was anything more than a convenient fuck between two men under acute pressure, a less damaging outlet for stress and frustration than a fist-fight. He directed Kirk to the bathroom and took advantage of the moment of solitude to give his own cock a couple of rough tugs. He was painfully aware that it was neither as quick to rise or as hard to the touch as he was used to. He hoped he could get through this without embarrassment. Pike wasn't about to admit it, but he'd offered to be fucked not just in an apology but also because it guaranteed a conclusion even if his cock wilted on the job. 

Kirk returned, placed the lube on the bedcover and then sat down by Pike's feet, running a curious hand up Pike's calf. "Kirk," he began, ready to try and push the action forward, horribly conscious of how much muscle he'd lost on his legs in the weeks of enforced bed-rest. 

"Quiet," snapped Kirk. "You told me to run the show. You can shut up and take it." He did a surprisingly good imitation of a steely command voice and Pike took a deep breath and kept quiet, telling himself he could count it as part of his penance for getting them both into this mess to start with. 

Kirk remained businesslike, moving steadily up Pike's legs until he was teasing the soft skin that lay on either side of Pike's genitals. He let one hand drift down to cradle the heavy, softly-furred balls while with the other he grasped the cock above, still lying at half-mast. He held Pike's eyes for a long moment as he pumped gently, before dipping his head, leaning down and sucking the spongy head into his mouth without hesitation. Pike watched for a moment, watched the long eyelashes that hid those piercing blue eyes, watched the lean cheeks suck in around his erection. He'd fantasised about this sight a few times during Kirk's Academy years, normally when the cadet had been at his most insubordinate and irritating. He'd never expected to see it in reality.

He tilted his head back and closed his eyes. He didn't want to deal with his complicated feelings for this young man, his admiration, his jealousy, his aching fear that Starfleet was going to burn out Kirk's brilliance by this precipitous promotion. Right now he just wanted to revel in the feeling of a hot wet mouth and talented tongue coaxing his prick into glorious throbbing hardness; he wanted to let simple physical pleasure overwhelm the turmoil of his mind. Kirk took his time, sucking on the head, licking up the shaft, taking one ball and then the other into his mouth and rolling them with agonising slowness with his tongue. When a slippery finger slid down past his perineum and brushed slowly around the edge of the small pucker hidden behind it, Pike let his legs flop open in a mute surrender.

This was not what he had been anticipating. He'd expected it to be hard and fast and dirty, a punishment as much as a pleasure. But this was good too. After the torture, the operations, the physical therapy, all so different but each humiliating in its own way, this undemanding gift of gradual arousal was unwinding knots he'd not even known were there. He let himself drift in the wash of heat, afloat in a warm sea of pleasure. 

When finally his natural impatience rose up through the sexual haze, he began to push meaningfully against the questing finger that was slowly circling around his hole but Kirk simply pulled away, grabbing a thigh in each powerful hand. "We do this my way or we don't do it at all." 

The abrupt restraint of the hands sent a sudden shudder of memory rippling up Pike's spine, an echo of a room far away, now destroyed but never to be forgotten. For a moment he feared that panic might overwhelm the pleasure but Kirk, oblivious to his reaction, had sunk that velvet soft mouth back over Pike'