with him on Joseph. He keeps her calmer, and I’d like her to be nice and calm with Dean. She can be naughty with new riders,

” Cas reasoned, a shout sounding on his end of the line. “

I’ll be there in thirty minutes to help finish tacking. If you’ll please excuse me, I have an idiot to fire.

” The trainer’s growl took on an annoyed timbre as he excused himself and hung up.



Sam gave a huffing laugh and stuck the sticky note back to the board - it had been a note for Charlie to remind her that the ferrier was coming to trim her mare’s hooves on Friday - and poked his head out into the aisle to call for Dean. 



He hesitated. 



Dean was murmuring quietly to Maia with his hand combing absently through her forelock. The mare looked ready to fall asleep, her nose pressed to Dean’s sternum and her big brown eyes half-lidded.



Sam allowed himself a small smile before he padded into the breezeway leaned against one of the wooden support pillars.



     “I think you’re putting Miss Maia to sleep, Dean.”



The Winchester in question barely startled, but it was enough to make Maia raise her head and nicker at Sam. Dean just scowled.



     “I talked to Cas, and he said to put you on Voodoo. Come on, let’s go get him,” Without waiting for a reply, Sam turned on his heel and strode towards the paddock where the geldings were being grazed for the summer. The soft 

schuff

 of boots in shavings told him that Dean was following. Pacing to the first gate from the back opening of the breezeway, Sam stopped and waited for Dean to catch up. It took just a couple seconds.



     “Is one of these his?” Dean gestured at the dozen halters hanging on the row of hooks on the gate.



Sam nodded an affirmative.



     “The black leather one with the brass nameplate,”



     “This one?” Dean held up the halter with 

New Orleans Black Magic

 on the cheekstrap.



Another nod.



     “Does he come to his name?”



This time Sam shook his head.



     “He’s the smaller black one with the four white stockings on his legs.” Sam had already decided Dean would have to fend mostly for himself. Sam would open and close the gate for him, but would otherwise let his older brother handle himself.



Dean let himself into the pasture, walking slowly along the fenceline. It was obvious in his posture that his brother was nervous, but Sam was confident that Voodoo would behave and - hopefully - boost Dean’s confidence.



He watched as Dean stopped by the water trough and observed the geldings in the pasture. Voodoo was grazing next to a Bay gelding named Mordecai. His registered name was Flaming Murdock, but his barn name was often shortened to Cai.



Dean took a moment to make sure he was approaching the correct horse and hesitantly started towards the black gelding. Mordecai snorted and nickered at Dean before taking off at a canter. Dean paused a moment, looking put out, before continuing to walk steadily towards the gelding. As expected, Voodoo lifted his head for Dean to halter him, standing patiently even though it took a couple tries to get the noseband on the correct end of the face. Sam smothered a laugh and schooled his features as Dean led Voo back towards the gate, his expression carefully neutral. Despite Dean’s attempt to look casual, Sam could see the pride written into every contour of his brother as he opened the gate to let the two out, closing it quickly before Cai - the sneaky bastard - could slip out.



     “Now take him to the empty stall across from the office,” Sam directed, letting Dean lead Voo through the doorway before he clipped the stall-guard across the opening and instructed Dean to tie the gelding to the steel ring at the back of the stall. “The tack room is at the end of the barn next to the bathroom.” Again, Sam led his brother to what he needed and let him find Voodoo’s tack himself.



     “Will it have the same colors?” Dean called from the back of the tack room by the saddle racks.



     “Yup, and it will also have his show name,” Sam replied, a hint of pride coloring his voice at his brother’s easy intuition. Sure, Sam was the one with the law degree, but Dean was street-smart. He had some of the most trustworthy instincts and people skills Sam had come into contact with.



A moment later, Dean strode back out of the tack room with his arms full of Voodoo’s tack. The bridle was slung over his right shoulder and the saddle was resting on his left arm, with his right hand holding onto the pommel to provide more support.



     “I needed these too, right?” Dean dipped his chin at the pads stacked on top of the saddle.



Sam gave another nod.



     “Go put those on the rack in the stall. I’ll bring the grooming box.” Sam normally would let him get the grooming box himself, but his arms were