face and felt the blood that had risen to the surface in an attempt to bring her warmth. A ringlet had fallen from her braid where the wind brushed against her. She reached for it when it started to tickle her neck. She grabbed onto it and started to play with it, her gaze drifting to peer at Solas. He was focused on his fingernails, his feet so light Zara couldn't hear or see his footsteps in the snow. She tried harder to hear him, but the only thing that made much noise was the laboured breath of the dwarf who struggled to walk beside her. When she looked at Varric, she could see his eyes darting to everything around him. The author inside him was cataloguing all the little details, and she assumed his internal thoughts would sound similar to a story being read aloud.

Zara wouldn't be surprised if Varric could see the unpleasant black bags that had gathered under her eyes. Such were the consequences of a night without sleep, a night haunted by the darkness that was her memories. She knew better than to expect a full night of rest, the nightmares haunting her since before the Conclave. She had no doubt that it did not matter what race a person was, sleep deprivation was the same for everyone.

Upon their return to Haven, the Herald’s energy was totally depleted and every step she made felt as if she had stones tied to her feet. She struggled to remain upright as she walked through the gate, and she could see that she was not the only one suffering. Varric had stopped at the doors, leaning against the wood while he attempted to get a handle on his ragged wheezing.

A yawn escaped Zara’s lips as she pushed open the heavy oak door to her cottage. She tripped and fumbled in her effort to untie the knots and belts on her armour. She could feel the fade pulling at the strings of her mana, echoing a familiar lullaby. The fade's ballad was more alluring then the idea of seeing Solas. Zara dragged her feet as she made her way to her bed. Her head hit the cool pillow and her eyes slid shut as she fell into the realm of dreams that awaited her.

She could hear the crackle and saw the glow of the hearth, and it made her feel safe. The walls of her cottage dissolved into smoke around her, leaving her  in a sweet-scented forest. Vines had snaked up and entwined around her furniture, making it look like everything was a part of the forest itself, alive and breathing. Tonight the fade made her feel like she was back among her clan. Like she was home.

Much to her surprise, Solas sat in the chair nearest her desk. Letters from her Keeper rested in his long, elegant fingers. His back was straight, his legs crossed and his hand rested in his lap. There was something different about him, though, something she couldn't put her finger on. The air that settled around him gave him an eerie presence, the light from the fireplace flickering on his sharp features.

"Solas?" Zara whispered. It felt like if she made the wrong move the dream would shatter, and it would turn into the nightmares which consumed her life. His blue-grey eyes caught hers, the corner of his mouth raised in dark amusement. This side of him was foreign to her. Outside the fade, Solas seemed harmless. Someone that was tame, cool, and controlled. The figure sitting in front of her was nothing like that.

"It would seem you have missed our date." His tone was laced with disappointment, and Zara couldn't blame him. If he had blown her off, she would be upset as well. She was usually a very punctual person, but after the previous night, she couldn't help but give in to her exhaustion. Her hand trembled slightly under his stare. It felt as though his eyes pierced her soul, and it made her uncomfortable. She balled her hands into fists at her side in order to control herself.

"Garas quenathra" She asked him, her better judgement questioning everything. Was he real? If he is real, why does he seem so different? If he is not real, does that mean he is a demon come to tempt her?

"Oh Da'len, I am here to teach you." He purred. Despite his displeasure with her, his voice was gentle as though he were addressing a frightened child. With a curl of his fingers, light and green smoke appeared and solidified into another chair, identical to his own.

He placed the letters back on the desk and gestured towards the seat, the movement of his wrist more graceful than usual, "Please, sit."

A calm sensation beckoned her to step forward and sit at his command.

"What do you want?" She sneered, her lip curling slightly to flash her teeth. Not once did she take her eyes off him. Zara was angered that he was in her dreams; could he be just one of her nightmares?

Solas chuckled, the same laugh he had uttered in those first