color from his face from what he heard from his boyfriend. He shakily pressed the back of his hand on the redhead’s forehead and neck before pulling him close.

 “W-What do you feel Sei-chan? Y-You’re not even burning up. What’s the matter?”

Sejuurou stared at him, his lips forming into a pout. “I don’t know. But I feel so dizzy, weak and—“ He grabbed the bluenette’s hand to put it right on his broad chest. His red and golden mismatched eyes were locked with  Tetsuya’s sky blue ones.

“Seijuurou, I’m serious. We n-need to go to the hospital,” Tetsuya was sniffling; the thought of eating breakfast peacefully with his boyfriend had finally left his mind.

“N-No!” The redhead vigorously shook his head, “We don’t need to go there. I-I—“

Tetsuya’s tears were now rolling off his apple cheeks and he was almost close to sobbing.  Seijuurou was panicking inside but remained cool. “Tetsuya,”

The bluenette wrapped his arms around Seijuurou’s waist, tugging the end of his shirt as he cried on the redhead’s chest. “I-I don’t want you to die Seijuurou. I would rather die instead of you or if you die, let me come with you and let’s just die together because I love you so much and living without you here would be meaningless. I love you so much so please don’t die for me and let me take you to the hospital please.” Tetsuya whimpered which hurt Seijuurou’s inside.

The redhead had his teeth digging on his lower lip. He was now also close to tears from seeing his boyfriend cry. He didn’t intend to do it to him. He didn’t intend to make him cry. “Tetsuya, I’m not dying. And I love you too. I will not die.” He said earnestly and which caused Tetsuya to pull away from him, a crease forming at the end of his brows.

“But you said you’re dying,” Innocent, sensitive and worrywart Tetsuya was confused.

“Do you want me to die?” Seijuurou asked with his gentle tone of voice, soft eyes probing the blue haired boy.

Tetsuya quickly shook his head. “Of course no!”

The redhead smiled, took his boyfriend’s hand, and putting it once again on his chest where his heart was thumping fast as a race car. 

“You’re killing me my Tetsuya,”

The bluenette scowled at him as he yanked his hand away from the redhead, but the boy’s grip was strong that he couldn’t just pull away. 

“What?”

“You’re killing me.”

“What are you trying to say?” Sensitive Tetsuya’s face was a mess because of his tears.

“Can you feel my heartbeat?” Seijuurou asked solemnly, eyes fixated on the bluenette right in-front of him. His grip on the other’s hand was firm.

A pregnant pause.

“Y-Yeah.” Tetsuya had responded as he could feel the hammering heart from Seijuurou’s ribcage.

“I think I’m going to have a serious heart ailment.” Seijuurou said, his hand gripping around Tetsuya’s wrist, then loosens until he finally let go of it. 

Yet, Tetsuya didn’t take away his hand, loving how the way he could feel his lover’s heart pounding –as cheesy it may sound- because of him. Or maybe this is just a sign of a serious heart ailment?

“S-Sei we need to get to the hospital. What if---what if—“

Suddenly, Seijuurou hushed him with a sweet and innocent kiss on the lips. “I think I’m going to die from love overdose.”

Tetsuya’s cheeks were dusted pink and he blinked his wide puffy eyes, “What?”

“Because of you I’m dying from love overdose. I love you more and more each day and if I would have several hearts, I would only choose to love you my Tetsuya. All of my heart is yours and will be yours only.” 

So that was it. Tetsuya was relieved, but that made him a little angry for worrying for his boyfriend’s health. He rolled his eyes and turned his back away despite the flaming cheeks he was sporting right away. He didn’t like it when he was being fooled even if the person’s intent was to make him feel happy, and from what his boyfriend had done, he had mixed emotions.

 

“Let’s eat breakfast,” Tetsuya beckoned.

But the redhead grabbed his arm and spun him around, “Tetsuya, I’m just trying to be cheesy.”

That small frown on Seijuurou’s face, Tetsuya will admit, it was cute.

Yet he glared at him half-heartedly, “You scared me Seijuurou! I really thought something serious is happening to you.”

 

Seijuurou sighed in resignation.  Even if saying sorry was not in his dictionary, or rather not included