five years in two weeks, up to and including being calf-eyed into spoon feeding Bucky his damned peppermint ice cream, and his soup, even after Bucky tries to get Steve to eat half of it and Steve threatens to up-end it in his lap.

At fourteen, Jackie generously offers Steve a picture he’s done of a dark-haired, too-tall bride and a short, stick-skinny blond groom, because he’s already drawn it before, and Bucky hurries Steve out to the baseball park before Steve can ask any questions. Ricky snickers and Bucky closes the door in his face.

“Don’t need no short-legged shrimps with hissy giggles tagging along,” he says acidly, and nevermind that Ricky’s almost as tall as Steve already.

Fifteen, Steve almost dies of pneumonia, and nobody will let Bucky in to see him, so he sneaks out the window and walks all the way to the Rogers’ in the dark, then climbs up the fire escape and reads to Steve, who won’t let him in, in the street-lamp light- The Tin Woodman of Oz, with voices, because Steve’s been missing it while Bucky’s been reading it to Ricky and Jack. If Sarah hears, she doesn’t say anything, and Bucky’s convinced he’s gotten away with it.

Sixteen, and Steve almost dies of scarlet fever, and Bucky can’t sleep and just stares out the window after he’s done two kids’ worth of homework and barely eats and James Fitzpatrick drags him out of the house and talks Mr. Johnson at the garage into giving Bucky a part-time job to keep him busy and get him out of the damned house.

Every day on his way back, he glances at the Cyclone poster on the train station wall and swallows back bile, and goes back the next day to see if he can work himself too tired to feel.

Seventeen, and Bucky gets a camera for his birthday, and takes pictures of everything that holds still long enough, including Steve, who dislikes having his picture taken and one of the shots that ends up on Bucky’s pin board when he can finally get his film developed is Steve rolling his eyes and flipping Bucky the bird, and Sarah is horrified and Steve tries every day for a week to get Bucky to tear it up.

“Nah,” Bucky says. “That’s the real Steve Rogers and I ain’t letting it go.”

Eighteen, and Steve plants a kiss on him that makes him curl from hair to toes. Bucky pins him to the wall of the elevator and feels like it’s finally his turn to almost die.

An anon requested, "dinners at the Barnes household."

The profound quiet of the small apartment Steve shared with his mother was something that seemed so ordinary. It was peaceful, good for studying, reading books, drawing, talking in unhurried, thoughtful voices. Steve could usually hear his mother singing absently to herself in Irish from his room as she cooked or ironed her uniforms for the convalescent ward. There was occasionally the crackle of their patchy wireless, when it wasn't broken, or the passing by of traffic or bicycle bells. He never thought about how quiet it was until he was in a place that wasn't quiet at all, like Bucky's house.

Bucky was the oldest of four, and his father being home from one of his endless trips didn't quiet the kids. Instead, James Fitzpatrick's booming laugh would roll right into the rest, usually setting off Minnie's playful scolding in its wake. Bucky read out loud to Rick and Jack when he wasn't helping in the kitchen, and Becky's nagging filled any holes in the wall of sound. Mrs. Barnes, especially, worried sometimes that Steve found all their raucous chatter overwhelming, but somehow it was the opposite.

It might have been the half-dozen pairs of bright gray blue eyes over mostly crooked smiles when he walked through the door behind Bucky, or the way the place was always warm and smelled like food. Bucky and Becky, too close in age for either of their tastes, bickering like a pair of chickens, Bucky shoving Becky, Becky smacking Bucky, Rick pretending he was above and beyond it all, Jack tugging on Steve's sleeve to show him a new picture or baseball card- it was droning, sure, but droning in a good way, like a fan in the summertime.

Steve's mother was a good cook, sure, but if she made a big meal, it meant they'd be eating the same thing for a week. Which was fine, but Steve couldn't help noticing that it wasn't like that with Mrs. Barnes. Every meal was big, if only because she had five kids to feed- she always included Steve, whether he admitted to being hungry or not.

Bucky cut vegetables from the time he could see over the counter. Becky peeled potatoes and carrots. Rick dried the dishes while Jack patiently swept the floor