’t have teeth anymore,” Dean murmured, recognising the gravel in his own voice similar to Cas’s. “That’s what this is. Listen to me, Sammy, because I’m only going to say this once. He will pull through. One way or another we’ll friggin’ fix it, just like we always do.”

Sam’s eyebrows rose. “One way or another? Tell me you don’t mean- Dean you’re smarter than this! You know it’s the right thing to do, here!”

In that moment, he realised the only thing he’d ever been was the one who couldn’t give up, the one Cas and Sam always relied on to be stubborn, to never give in no matter what.

He hated it.

“…I need you to leave, Sammy. Go…go trail around in the Men of Letters’ records or something, just…don’t come near this room for a while, alright?” He struggled to keep his voice even, and knew Sam was going to argue.

“Dean-”

“Sam, I’m begging you. Leave, please.”

When you're sick of being the constant that doesn't change...

In one hand, he held the weak grip of Castiel’s together, in the other, he covered tears that threatened to fall, yet again.

“I know what that must have sounded like,” he mumbled, not caring if Cas couldn’t hear him. He needed to say it.

“Death.”

“It just…it doesn’t fit, man. You keep saying it, and…Sammy thinks it’s what you want, but…” he took a deep breath. “I don’t know, maybe I just can’t let go of you. But it doesn’t feel like it’s what you want.”

He listened to the sound of Castiel’s ragged breathing, feeling the way Cas’s fingers twitched under his. For some reason, the contact had dulled the memory again, and he was glad for it.

“I guess you know by now how my head works, now huh? So right about now, you know I’m imagining your blood on my hands, just like it always is.”

He couldn’t stop the words falling from his lips. “My brain’s making all these sick images, driving your own frickin’ pick stick into you, watching you burn out of your skin, man. I can’t fucking do it. You know damn well. And if it’s not you either dying or begging me to do it – every time I blink, it’s those poor bastards I roasted in the pit. I don’t need this. I don’t.”

The hopelessness had clung to him along with the half-crazed idea that Cas could carry on, a poisonous mix.

 “It’s not…it can’t be what you want. You can’t give up on this, Cas. Don’t give up on me. I’m a selfish bastard, and we’ve been through too much. You know exactly what that would do to me, and I know you still give a crap about me somewhere – enough not to want that. Don’t you fucking dare.”

“Dean, as touching as this would be to an individual who hasn’t seen the same scene replayed at the end of thousands of lives, I do have a job to do.”

Slowly, the hand fell from his face. “No, no. Not here you don’t,” he snarled, blinking hard to clear his vision.

Death’s expression was a mixture of sympathy and annoyance. He tapped the head of his cane, the pearl ring clacking against it, making Dean wince.

“Quite frankly, I’m waiting on you."

“No, you’re lying. I am not- you’re not-”

Death fixed him with a stare. “You seem to value your-”

Dean frowned, and in the millisecond he had blinked, Death was gone.

He was breathing heavily, sweating. Slowly, he took his hand away from his face, confused.

Cas was looking up at him with clear, exhausted eyes.

“I want you to cut them off.”

 

 


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Dean let out a shuddering sigh, sinking to Cas’s eye level, seeing as the angel could barely lift his head. “Man am I glad to see you talking, Cas. You had me worried. I’m going to kill Ab-” Cas’s words finally registered, and he looked at Cas with a whole new horror.

The angel shivered. “Dean…please.”

“Cut what off, Cas?” He said slowly, hoping the answer wouldn’t come.

The angel closed his eyes. “My wings. I can’t stand it anymore.”

“Cas! No!” With the fear confirmed, Dean still recoiled in horror as