Alana said, and felt herself blush slightly. Connor was still watching Alana with intent.

Zoe sat on the edge of Connor’s bed, and he turned to look at her.

“So, what does Dad want?”

“He wants to know if there’s anything he should bring you from the house.”

“Well, they’re not going to let me have my phone, so the next best thing is maybe music, but I don’t think they’ll let me have earbuds, either.”

Alana gave Connor a questioning look, and he answered with a gesture suggestive of wrapping a cord around his neck and pulling it tight.

“Oh,” Alana said simply. She glanced over to Zoe, who looked visibly uncomfortable.

“I guess you’ll have to bring your guitar and play something for me if I want to hear music, huh sis?”

“I, um, sure, I guess,” Zoe mumbled. She was still looking at Connor like he wasn’t quite real.

“Oh, you play guitar?” Alana asked, trying to break Zoe out of her funk.

“Yeah. I’m in jazz band. You ever been to one of our concerts?”

Alana shook her head. “No, but I’ll be sure to come to the next one.”

Zoe blushed. “Oh, okay. You don’t have to.”

“It’s okay, I want to.”

Connor rolled his eyes and coughed. Alana and Zoe broke eye contact and Alana smiled at her lap.

Zoe pushed her hair behind her ear. “So, um, anything else you need Dad to bring?”

Connor shrugged.

“You’re going to have to talk to him eventually, you know.”

Connor scoffed.

Alana looked back up at him. “You mean to tell me you’re not talking to your dad?”

Connor shrugged again. “It’s not like he’s going to listen to me anyway. He still just wants to blame me.”

“That’s not true,” Zoe choked.

“Really? Cuz he was up here all day while I was getting poked and prodded with needles and getting a million and fifty two tests done and not once did I hear him say, ‘I’m sorry’ or ‘what can I do to help’ or ‘I’m glad you’re okay.’ No, do you want to know what the first thing I heard when I woke up was? The  first thing?  It was Dad, talking to a doctor or nurse or some shit, saying ‘I just don’t know what to do with him.’ In Dad’s eyes, all I’ll ever be is a fucking problem.”

“He’s trying,” Zoe whispered, her voice quickly shrinking to take up less and less space. If she got any quieter, no one would have been able to hear her at all.

“Ha. Is he now? Well, congratu-fucking-lations to him.”

“Maybe, from his perspective, you aren’t trying very hard either.”

Alana fully expected Connor to bite back at Zoe, to shout at her, to yell and scream, but in that instant he somehow managed to shrink just as much as Zoe had. It was as if Connor’s mask had finally been taken off, and underneath all the dirty jokes and dirtier glares, Connor was just a scared, lost little boy. As soon as the tears started spilling over, Alana grabbed Connor’s hand, and he took it and pulled her into their second hug that day. When they broke the embrace, Connor looked over at Zoe again, who was now crying too, but frozen in place.

“Zoe, what I did… that’s not called trying. That’s called giving up.”

And with that, Zoe leapt forward onto her brother, wrapping her hands around his neck. Connor placed a hand on his sister’s back and closed his eyes.

“Connor promise me, you won’t ever fucking do that again.”

Connor didn’t answer his sister’s plea for a promise; instead he rubbed gentle circles on her back and whispered, “Fucking. Goddammit. I love you, Zoe.”

Look at those two, trying to have a good brother and sister relationship...I wonder how long that's going to last...(Hint: not long)Also, I unapologetically love Alana Beck and anyone who disagrees with me is factually wrong. And no, I am not going to be subtle with my gay. There is no such thing. - thelittlemerms

comments feed our souls and give us (and Connor) a will to live -zukoandtheoc

“What. The fuck. Is wrong with you? We were getting along just fine half an hour ago. What, do you completely and totally lack any ability to be nice to me unless someone who doesn’t know you’re a complete shit head is in the room?”


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

After they had all managed to stop being emotional wrecks