’re leaving! Everyone out the apartment now!”
Harry made one last sweep of the apartment, noticing a drawer that wasn’t closed all the way. He moved over to it and opened the drawer, inside was an empty pack of cigarettes and a picture of a lad with raven-black hair, brown eyes and tanned skin, smirking at the camera. Harry put on a glove and placed both items in an evidence bag before following Louis out of the apartment.
…After the initial discomfort I had felt about our first meeting I relaxed in Zayn’s company. He just stood next to me on the wall, staring off into the distance. I took the opportunity to size him up. He was flawless, his hair gelled into a quiff that made it easier to admire his wonderfully structured face and long eyelashes.He had left when his cigarette was done, stomping it under his foot and nodding a good-bye to me, walking away without another word. Part of me was glad that he had honestly wanted nothing from me. But a larger part was kind of hoping he would want something from me. Even if he simply used me and dropped me like so many others I would’ve been happy. I wanted to be in his presence longer.I had returned to that convenience store every day at the same time for nearly two weeks before I saw him again. He offered me a cigarette, a  slightly knowing smile on his face. That day we talked, about simple things, nothing personal.He came back the next day, and the next and on the fifth day he asked me out to dinner. I agreed without hesitation. I couldn’t resist Zayn even if I wanted to.
….
“Who is he?” Harry asked Louis, motioning to the picture he had gotten out of the apartment.
“Files say he’s Zayn Malik,” Louis replied, rapidly reading from the computer screen, “Born in Bradford, had aspirations to be a singer, went to a school here in London. Was shot to death on a street corner a couple of months ago, age nineteen.”
“The murderer?” Harry prompted.
“Never found. Here’s where things get interesting, this is a murder that Jonathan Price was accused of doing, Niall Horan was convinced he had killed Mr. Malik. There was no evidence, no video footage to prove the murder and Mr. Horan had called in the emergency call after spending several hours at the bar with Mr. Malik. The judge attributed the accusation of Price to intoxication and let Price go of the murder charge. A few days later the two ended up in court once more because Price had attacked Horan, Horan won that charge. Price was sentenced to community service.”
Harry ran his fingers through his hair, “Did they have proof that Horan was intoxicated at the time of Malik’s death?”
“No.” 
Harry drummed his fingers on the desk, “Well I’m convinced that either someone is framing Horan or he definitely committed the murder. We just have no evidence and no idea where he is. All we have is the damn picture of him and who knows how old it is.”
“Let’s swing by Price’s apartment, maybe there’s something helpful there.”
…We dated for a few weeks before I finally plucked up the courage to tell him why I had been so suspicious at our first meeting. He simply laughed at me.“I know, Niall. I have lived in London for a while. I could tell.”I blushed, “And you still asked me out, why?”He shrugged, “Because you’re wonderful.”And he was perfect. I moved into his apartment a few weeks later, getting a job at a local coffee shop. My life was actually enjoyable. It was because of Zayn. I never wanted to lose him.
…
It took Harry exactly nine seconds to pick Jonathan Price’s lock. They stepped into the apartment and stopped at the threshold, eyes widening simultaneously in a way that might have been funny if it weren’t for the pure destruction in front of them.
The white walls were splattered with blood red paint and the furniture was all ruined. The couch ripped to shreds while the wooden table in the kitchen was in splinters.
“Well, someone besides Price was obviously in here recently,” Louis muttered as Harry pulled out a camera, taking pictures of the mess.
Harry moved further into the apartment, leaving Louis behind in the doorway. The older boy took in the mess before turning back to the door, kneeling next to it and studying it carefully.
“Hey, Haz!” He called through the apartment, “The door and the lock were fine, right?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary!” Came the reply, “Nobody forced their way in if that’s what you’re wondering.”
Louis’ eyed the lock, that meant that someone had the key. That narrowed it away from Niall Horan seeing as how the owner to the building would only give out two keys at the maximum and changed locks in between tenants.