He tried not to cringe in front of the hero and threw the now empty phial aside. Keeping the liquid in his mouth and warming it up, feeling it go dry, Tetsurou slowly leaned down over the hero, gently taking his chin between his fingers and lifting his face up.

 Shouyou looked like he was mesmerized. His wide eyes were stuck on Tetsurou’s, his body growing slack against the bed, even though his chest still heaved and his hands still trembled furiously where the gripped the sweat soaked sheets.

 His eyes clamped shut when Tetsurou’s lips softly brushed against his, then a bit more forcefully to get him to open his mouth. And Shouyou really did part his trembling lips, body tensing up as the bitter taste of the potion invaded his mouth. His hands quickly came up to push Tetsurou away and he tried to shake his head, but the warlock saw it coming. He slid his cold palms over Shouyou’s burning cheeks and held his head in place as the hero whined pitifully.

 Pleased, Tetsurou watched a small tear slide down the side of his face, as a bit of the potion trickled down from between their lips.

When all the bitter medicine was in Shouyou’s mouth, Tetsurou pulled away and quickly covered his lips with a heavy hand to prevent him from spitting it out. That only made the hero whine and groan more until he was forced to gulp down the potion. A few more tears of frustration escaped his shut eyes, his body shuddering as the bitterness of the medicine made it down his throat. The sight made Tetsurou smile and he gently took back his hand, only to pat the hero’s hot cheek.

 “See? It wasn’t so bad was it?” he asked, as if he was speaking to a child in distress, “Now just let it work and you’ll feel as good as new in just a bit. How do you feel now? Don’t be scared to speak.”

 Shouyou’s eyes opened, body once again growing slack against the bed. He looked up at Tetsurou, wordlessly debating weather he should comply with what he wanted or keep his act of defiance up.

 “My body’s hot…” he softly whispered after a moment, “And my mouth feels dry…Like it’s full of sand.”

 That was the first time since he had taken the hero for himself when the ginger was actually talking to him and Tetsurou couldn’t help but smile. He was making progress. Slow and steady progress in turning into Shouyou’s addiction.

 “That’s from the potion.” He softly explained, running his thumb over the hero’s cheek and feeling him slowly lean into the touch, “It’ll be gone by the time I bring you dinner.”

 And suddenly, Tetsurou’s entire world turned around. Something far too incredible happened, something he had only dreamed of until now.

 Just as he was about to take back his hand and stand up to leave Shouyou to his misery, the hero reached up and gently wrapped his cold fingers around his wrist, tugging slightly.

 “Stay.” He rasped, his eyelids falling heavily over his clouded orbs. The mere sight combined with his small voice made Tetsurou’s heart beat faster in his chest.

 “I thought you said you wanted me to leave you?” he asked in a teasing tone, trying to keep his dark grin at bay, “Why should I stay?”

 The hero slowly shook his head, “Stay…Please, just stay…”

 “Alright. Just because you said please.”

 Tetsurou released the hero from his hold, sitting down beside him and bracing his weight with a foot against the stone floor. He leaned comfortably back against the stone wall and gingerly pulled Shouyou’s body closer to his side.

 And much to his surprise, the hero complied with everything he did, with whatever way he moved him. He looked like he was doing everything on his own will as well and Tetsurou had a hard time believing what was really happening. He watched with a fond smile as Shouyou lied on his side, one thin arm wrapping around his waist and face buried in the red material of his cloak. For the first time since the two had been together, he looked truly at ease around Tetsurou.

 With a soft sigh, the hero closed his eyes, coughing once or twice to clear his sore throat, while Tetsurou softly caressed his sweaty forehead and cheek. He could do that. He could indulge the hero. Give him comfort and security and ease his suffering.

 But Tetsurou could do that only because he knew the price on which he was offering it. There would come a time when the hero would have to pay it, and if he refused, Tetsurou would take it forcefully. 

 “Why…are you doing all of this…?” Shouyou asked suddenly, resting his head against Tetsurou’s side.

 The warlock looked down at him, raising a brow. “Do you prefer me to be evil towards you? Torture you from dusk till dawn? Because I can, if…” he couldn’t help but grin, “