otherwise just him.

Simon’s hand began to card gently through her ponytail. “Are you sniffing me?”

His question sounded more than a little amused, and Athena giggled, but did not move her face away from his chest. “Maybe? It’s not my fault you smell good.”

She could almost hear the raised eyebrow when he asked back, “How so?”

“Um, it’s kind of hard to explain… you just smell like you, I guess. Sort of… warm and comforting.”

He chuckled under his breath as he pulled her closer to himself. “You are probably the only person who would consider my presence comforting.”

That got her to move her head back to look at him. “Well, most other people don’t know you as well as I do, so they don’t know they’re missing out. Too bad for them!”

Simon leaned in for a quick kiss. “Again, that’s your perspective… although I don’t suppose it is within my best interests to change your mind in that regard.”

Now, Athena grinned at him. “You already tried that, and it didn’t work.”

After his exoneration, she had eternally tried to drag him places, telling him that now that he was free, he should see something other than the office and the dreary pay-by-week hotel room in which he had lodged the first few weeks. Simon had attempted to dissuade her by mentioning that he still did not have the best of reputations, exonerated or not, and did not wish to negatively influence her public image or her relationship with her colleagues. She had laughed in his face. Furthermore, she had insisted on him coming by for dinner three times a week, as the room had only featured a microwave rather than a full kitchen, and she had told him, “After seven years of prison food, you’re gonna have some healthy meals, none of that TV dinner and takeout nonsense.”

Three times a week had become five times by the third week of their reacquaintance. As Athena was generally done with work earlier than Simon, she had begun showing up at his office when it was time for him to leave, and they would walk to her place, talking about their day, sometimes stopping at the supermarket to pick up ingredients for dinner. Simon insisted on paying most of the time, staying her hand by pointing out that he had accumulated a tidy sum of backpay from the nine months during which he had worked even though he had been incarcerated, whereas Athena’s salary was not particularly abundant. They would then prepare the food together most of the time, as he would not sit on her couch and watch her work after the first such invitation. This practice had continued even after he had found a suitable apartment, and Athena had known that this was not so much about the food as about the company. He did not want to be by himself, but, after everything that had happened, preferred the company of someone he knew he could trust.

Then, three weeks ago, while she had been standing at the kitchen counter, chopping onions and cursing under her breath when the vapors drove tears to her eyes. Simon had been working away on peppers and tomatoes next to her, but stopped when she began to mumble under her breath and reached up to wipe across her face. A moment later, his hand had caught hers.

“Don’t, you have the juice on your fingers. If you touch your face now, you will make it worse,” he had cautioned. Then, he had lifted his other arm, his thumb brushing the moisture underneath her eyes away.

Athena had stared up at him, noticing that there was a tiny hint of red high on his cheekbones despite her slightly blurred vision. When he had tried to turn away, she had stopped him, and a moment later, they had been kissing heatedly.

After they finally had drawn apart, Simon had smiled a little crookedly. “I have to admit, I did not see that coming.”

Dinner had been a rather hasty affair that night.

Since then, only three weeks had passed, but to Athena, they felt both incredibly long and like no time at all. On one hand, as domestic as they had been with each other even before that first kiss, and as much as they had talked, it seemed like their relationship was lacking the initial anxiety and urge to impress new partners usually brought; on the other, being with Simon like this was incredibly new, given how long they had known each other.

During the first week, the lion’s share of their after-dinner time had been consumed by sex, which had probably served to wear Simon out enough to where he had slept through the night. The second week, they had been taking it slightly more slowly, here and there spending part of their evenings either taking walks accompanied by Taka, or sitting in front of the TV, riffing the terrible prime time programming together and laughing their heads off. Then, too, he had been sleeping