voice reminding them to ‘be safe’ or ‘play nice’ and that reminded Barbara of herself at times, constantly reminding Stephanie to be safe or play nice with Damian. Businessmen walked the concrete path hastily, carrying briefcases full of important paperwork, no doubt. The sun, surprisingly, was shining down on them and Barbara closed her eyes, leaned back in her chair and let it warm her face.  Perfect .

“Your ice cream is going to melt.” Stephanie's voice broke through the silence as she sat on the park bench, in ripped jeans and a t-shirt. One leg was resting straight out, while the other was pulled up to her chest, a cone of black cherry ice cream in one hand and her phone in the other. “I didn’t buy you ice cream just so it could melt.” The blonde pointed out.

Instead of a snappy comeback, Barbara just rolled her eyes, licked at the bit of chocolate ice cream that had began to drip down the waffle cone toward her hand. “Why  did  you buy me ice cream and take me to the park?” She finally inquired. Curiosity had been plaguing her ever since Stephanie suggested the idea. Her first hunch had been Stephanie was going to ask for a night off or better equipment or  something  but none of that had happened yet.

“Can’t I be nice?”

“Can you? Yes. Do I  trust  you being nice? Absolutely not.” Barbara grinned, green eyes settling on the blonde. “Seriously Steph, what’s up?”

Stephanie sighed, continued eating her ice cream for a moment and seemingly ignoring the question. Finally, she turned her body on the bench to face Barbara, blue eyes looking at the ice cream in her hand. “I guess I just...I wanted to talk to someone about something and you seemed like the most logical choice which looking back at it now is probably  stupid  and we should just forget it and enjoy the non-rainy weather and -”

“ Stephanie ,” There it was, the times when Stephanie made Barbara simultaneously want to hug her and tear her own hair out. She settled back in her chair, making sure her only focus was on the current Batgirl. “You can tell me whatever you want to say, alright? You know you can talk to me. And I’m sure it’s not stupid.”

“It really is. I mean, it’s not something that’s your problem but I just...wasn’t sure who else to talk to about it and I dunno.” Her knee had been untucked, her foot now on the ground and her worn out sneakers kicking at the concrete, causing more scuff marks on the white parts.

“Steph,” Barbara tried again, her voice softer. “You don’t have to talk about it, but just know I’m here if you  do  want to talk about it. Okay?”

“Okay.” Stephanie fell silent, her attention falling back to her ice cream. She licked at the dripping mess a few more times before a dramatic sigh left her lips. “I know I could talk to my mom about this because, I mean, she’s great and all but I dunno.” She sighed, looking over at Barbara. “You’re kind of like the big sister I never had.”

Obviously, there was something about that that made Barbara feel  good , like all this tiring nonsense wasn’t for nothing. If Stephanie thought of her as an older sister instead of a dictator or somebody out to ruin her fun or ‘poop on her parties’, she was doing something right. That elation didn’t last terribly long before Barbara nodded and spoke, “And like I said Steph, you can tell me anything.” Her voice was softer now, trying to find a tone that sounded motherly instead of instructional.

“Right.” More silence and it was beginning to  bug  Barbara. She would never push or pry or step  too  far into Stephanie’s privacy but her curiosity had  definitely  been stirred by the younger woman. Instead of speaking, she sat there and waited, didn’t stare and didn't bore holes into Stephanie’s skull to find the answers she wanted. She waited for Stephanie to speak again, and she finally did. “It’s just...I think...I think I’m bisexual.”

The confession wasn’t something Barbara had been expecting. She was expecting something  huge  , life-changing for the two of them. She smiled, a small giggle slipping past her lips before she could stop it. She saw the look on Stephanie’s face and knew she had to fix it quickly. “Steph, you had me thinking you’d done something  incredibly  stupid like messed with Damian’s cow or reminded Dick of his Discowing costume. Instead, you just wanted to say you’re bi? Sweetheart, there’s nothing wrong with that.”

“I  know  there’s nothing wrong with it.” Stephanie said, rather defensively. “I just...I wanted to tell somebody. I wanted to say it