long since we went to watch a movie together,” Yuu said.

“Mhm.”

“I’m really excited! Everyone who watched the movie said it was great! I’m sure you would love it to!”

“Mhm.”

“You know what sounds great too? Double suicide so I don’t need to spend a second of my life without you!”

“Mh- Wait, what did you just say?” Mika said and turned to Yuu. The unamused changed into a fake surprised expression.

“Oh, you were actually paying attention to what I was saying?” Yuu said as he walked on faster.

“Sorry Yuu-chan,” Mika said as he caught up, “I’m just-”

“Really worried about the exam that neither of us can do anything about other than wait for the results,” Yuu finished and Mika weakly smiled at him. “Look, you studied your ass off for this and it’s going to pay off, okay? Now relax for at least a day and enjoy this date with me.”

“You’re right, I can’t do anything about it now. Sorry about that,” Mika said. Yuu smiled at him before reaching over to hold Mika’s hand.

“Come on, let’s go before the movie starts!”

Yuu bought popcorn and was just shoving mouthful of popcorn during the whole movie. But Yuu does that too when they’re watching movies in the dorm too so Mika was used to it.

The movie was a comedy and definitely a good stress reliever after exam week. Mika always knew that Yuu was very thoughtful but their movie date was the thing he needed to let go of his education woes and just enjoy life with his lovely boyfriend. Not to mention laughing with the whole theater was pretty enjoyable.

The room lit up again as the credits rolled. A large majority of the audience stayed as they watched the bloopers next to the long list of credits. A quality movie had quality bloopers.

Mika was not expecting Yuu to let him go home after the movie, but he did not expect to be at the local skating rink. They would have gone to the open rink nearby but Mika didn’t already own a pair of skates like Yuu did. But Yuu didn’t want to carry his so he decided to rent a pair along with Mika.

Yuu started ice skating in the last year of high school and loved it. He tried convincing Mika to join him but the blond was more focused on his studies than side hobbies.

“Yuu-chan, I don’t even know the basics to skating,” Mika said as Yuu helped him put on his skates properly.

“And that’s why you have me,” Yuu said with a grin as he strapped on the pair of skates. “There we go!”

“Do we have to do this?” Mika said and Yuu smiled.

“Yup.”

Mika struggled a bit to even get on the ice, but Yuu helped him the whole time. Even on the ice, Mika was unsure of how Yuu was moving so freely without help and skating backwards to help Mika off the sidelines.

“It’s kinda entertaining to see Mr. Straight As struggling at something,” Yuu remarked as Mika finally was able to skate without any sort of assistance.

“Don’t get me started Yuu-chan,” Mika said as he concentrated on moving his legs, one at a time. There were children in the rink that were skating faster than him, but he was proud to even be able to move at this point.

He did see how the activity was fun, but Yuu was not making it any easier for him when he held his hand and skated faster than Mika could.

Out of fear, he grasped Yuu’s arm with his other hand as he tried to move with Yuu at the same speed.

“See, you’re getting it!” Yuu commented and Mika only glared at him for a moment before focusing on his leg movements again.

He will say that he was pretty proud of not falling flat on his face like Yuu did when he first started out. Shinoa was the one to show him the picture and he thinks that Yuu doesn’t know she has that picture. That girl was scary with the amount of blackmail material she had on people.

They made a few more rounds around the rink before resting a bit.

Mika felt more comfortable skating, not having to concentrate too hard on his movements to keep himself from tripping up. But others that practically zoom by him threw him off balance sometimes.

Yuu returned to the ice after while Mika rested on the benches. Yuu was doing some cool moves on ice probably to impress Mika. He shook his head at Yuu showing off, but he did have to admit he was impressed.

Yuu looked really happy to show off too. Mika knew that he worked hard during his skating lessons and always wondered if Yuu wanted to pursue it as a career. Either way, he would support what his boyfriend wants to do. After all, Yuu did the same for him, reassuring whatever Mika chooses for his