give this guy a direct line into my life.”

“You’re the one that said he’s cute,” Clary replies, tapping his chest with the back of her hand.

“He...wants to meet up,” Simon says, shaking Clary awake some time later. She realizes she must’ve dozed off when he started DMing whoever the Hell  rafangael.sant  is. It was pretty boring at first, but now…

“Wait, he wants to meet you?”

“Yeah.”

“Do you even know his name?”

“You’re gonna feel really dumb, but Raphael. Literally in his username.”

“Is he local?” Clary asks. Simon nods. She uses her fingernails to pry gunk from the corners of her eyes as she tries to focus on his phone, “Let me see his page.”

Jace trots in and plops on the bed between Clary and Simon. Simon grumbles and readjusts, giving Jace space on the bed so they’re not sardined together anymore, “Dick.”

“Ayup,” Jace reaches for Simon’s phone and holds it in the middle for them, “What are we doing?”

“Looking at this guy who wants to meet up with Simon.”

Jace stares at the screen, smirking, “A snake, a vampire skull, goth as fuck roses, and coffins. Edgy.”

“Yeah, but look at what it says! Those coffins are what told me he’s potential boyfriend material.”

“Potentially crazy, maybe,” Clary adds.

“Well, he’d have to be to like Simon,” Jace says. Clary smacks his shoulder.

“So...you’re going to go on a date with a guy who thinks he’s a vampire?” Clary asks.

“Not a date, just gonna meet ‘im.”

“This is a bad idea,” Clary says, sitting up and rubbing her hands together, “You shouldn’t go out with anyone from the internet, let alone someone who wants to suck your blood!”

“He’s cute, though.”

Clary sighs, “At least his profile picture has a cute dog in it.”

“That’s his!” Simon exclaims, “You gotta trust a guy with a cute dog.”

“Okay, fine. Have it your way. But Jace and I are coming with you when you meet up.”

“I’m not the secret service, babe,” Jace says. Clary glares at him and scoots further from his side, “Just kidding. I guess, just this once, I can protect your dorky friend from himself.”

“I can’t believe you’re going out with someone  that  boring,” Magnus drawls. He swishes his iced tea around in its plastic cup before sipping it. He’s sitting beside Alec in Starbucks, their joined hands resting on his bent knee.

“How do you know that isn’t his girlfriend?” Maia asks from the other side of the table, gazing over Raphael’s shoulder at his phone, watching as he scrolls through Instagram.

“What do you mean?” Magnus asks, grabbing for Raphael’s phone and lifting the screen so both he and Alec can see it, “Oh. That redhead.”

Alec glares at the screen, “Wait, I know this guy. That’s not his girlfriend, that’s Clary.”

“Jace’s Clary?” Magnus asks. He sits up straighter.

Alec nods and turns to Raphael. He lifts his free hand to mask his smirk, “You’re...going out with Clary’s dweeby best friend?”

“What’s wrong with funny, smart guys? So he likes sci-fi and fantasy. I like horror and vampires. At least I know he won’t judge me all the time like you assholes,” Raphael says. He takes a swig of his Frappula without the straw, causing strawberry purée to drip from the corner of his lips. He dabs at it with a napkin.

“Too bad nerd boy wasn’t here,” Alec says, “I’m sure the fact that you just looked like an actual vampire feeding would’ve gotten him hard enough to cut diamonds.”

“At least he likes memes,” Maia offers.

Jace rolls his eyes and sighs for the millionth time as they wait in the goth club Simon agreed to meet Raphael at. He’s sitting at a table with Clary and Simon, getting checked out by guys and girls and everything in between and outside of. One dude (he thinks?) even thought it was okay to start dancing on him when they were standing at the bar earlier. It’s only been 35 minutes.

“Hey, who the fuck is that vampire dude on your Instagram?” Jace asks before Raphael even has the chance to get comfortable on an armless couch.

“What ‘vampire dude’?” Raphael asks, situating himself on sticky red pleather. He throws his right ankle over his left knee and undoes a single button on the top of his suit jacket.

“The one that’s all like blah...blah...blah,” Jace says. He holds his hands up