between Ren’s eyes, revulsion pooling in his guts. His finger twitches on the trigger as his muscles scream at him to take the shot, Dameron, just take the shot.

Behind him, General Organa pulls at his arm. “Poe, lower your weapon.”  

“No! He’s lying, General! He’s a monster. He doesn’t deserve to come back.” Poe tries to ignore her hand on his jacket, and blinks through the memory of the cold, dark cell and how it felt to be chained up and tormented at this man’s command. His grip steadies.

“Poe, lower your weapon,” she repeats, voice breaking. In front of them, Kylo Ren looks on impassively, his self-satisfied grin an unwelcome reaction to their argument.

“No,” he scowls, hyper-focused on exactly where on Kylo Ren’s face he wants to shoot him, settling on the blazing crimson lightsaber scar that bisects his features neatly.

The hand on his jacket falls away and he hears a snap, followed by a sharp pain radiating across his cheek, his head thrown to the side.

“Commander Dameron, lower your weapon or I will be forced to relieve you of it.”

He finally drops his blaster and raises his palm to his sore face, turning to General Organa in shock. She balls her fingers into a fist, trying to shake the pain out of the hand that had slapped him. She’s seething, vibrating with an angry energy that he had never seen from her before. A hurt silence hangs between them for a moment before Poe steps back and stands down, his head lowered in humiliation.

Around him he can see the movement of General Organa and Kylo Ren, one walking to the other and then the two of them walking towards the shuttle, but he keeps his head down. Tears hang at the edges of his eyes and he tries to swallow down his emotions. He doesn’t want them to see him like this.

They leave him standing there in the near-darkness, struggling to catch up with what just happened. Poe had always trusted in the balance of the Resistance, and how they could always be relied upon to do what’s right for the rest of the universe. That was the entire point, wasn’t it?

As he watches the two of them enter the shuttle as allies, his General and the man who had been the cause behind so much destruction and pain in Poe’s life, his resolve cracks, this deep gouge down in the middle splintering off and radiating out like webbing. He sees the beauty of a mother who loves her child unconditionally, even when that child is Kylo Ren. He sees a hero as just a person, one whose judgement can become as compromised as anyone else’s. He hears her tell him to jump and watches himself robotically ask “how high?”

Commander Dameron lowers his head again as he begins the long walk back to the shuttle.

The ride back to the Resistance base is silent, or at least no one deigns to talk to the pilot. There’s a small voice inside of him that insists they’re communicating with each other, somehow, probably through the Force, but Poe pushes it down and goes back to feeling ignored, like furniture in their company.

When they reach the base he lets them head down the ramp first, hanging behind to busy himself with redundant checks of a ship he could disassemble and reassemble in his sleep; anything to keep his mind off of Takodana and the General and the overwhelming wrongness of Kylo Ren’s presence.

There’s uproar on the tarmac, he can hear it, and he’s not sure how General Organa thought Kylo Ren’s return would go. He wants to march down there to help defend her, to help convince everyone that she knows what she’s doing, that they should trust her, but… things are different, now.

He doesn’t want to say it, doesn’t want to admit it to himself. He can’t.

So, he doesn’t. There is work to be done instead. Ships to keep in the air, mouths to feed, intel to go over, and an ex-Stormtrooper and potential Jedi to find to join him in all of it.

Poe doesn’t wait for things to quiet down outside, opting instead to silently pry open the emergency hatch near the cockpit. He drops into the crowded space below the ship, relocks the hatch, and slips away from the commotion.

---

For dinner he is joined by Finn and Rey, and they try to get him to talk about recent developments without pushing him too hard for answers. They settle for a nod of a head or a downcast look in response from their pilot, in exchange for a kind hand on his shoulder and a constant flow of alcoholic drinks that seem to smooth his fretted brow.

The rest of the evening is spent avoiding the General, though he’s not even sure she’s been trying to find him. That thought stings but he buries it