, and you will explain it now!  And you will not lie to me," Arthur said, in a deadly quiet voice.

Leaning as far back as he could, Merlin stared at Arthur, almost hyperventilating as he said, "I'm sorry!"

"You're some kind of magic user," said Arthur in a voice full of inexorable certainty, as he leaned forward to keep himself nose-to-nose with Merlin.

Damn.  That's not a question, that's a statement of fact, Gaius noted, giving up on fooling Arthur and starting to run through all his escape plans in his mind instead.

Merlin tried to look away, to look down, to wriggle free, but Arthur wouldn't let him go, shaking him when he stayed silent.

"Answer me!" Arthur demanded, shaking Merlin harder, almost lifting his feet off the floor.

"Yes!  Yes, I use magic, I am magic, I'm sorry!"

Arthur let Merlin go at that, and Merlin staggered as his feet touched the ground again.  Taking a step back, the prince folded his arms forbiddingly across his chest.  "And this afternoon, in my rooms, you were cleaning my armour, weren't you.  With magic."

Merlin looked up at Arthur from under his fringe.  "Um.  Yes?" he said, biting his lip.

"And when I walked in, you attacked me with my own armour," said Arthur, bleakly.

"What?  NO!" said Merlin, holding out a pleading hand to Arthur.  "No, Arthur, sire, please believe me – I didn't attack you, I just," he stopped, rubbing his hand across the nape of his neck, blushing, "I dropped it, alright?  You startled me, and I lost control of my, my magic, and it-"  Merlin stopped, waving his hand helplessly in the air, as if he were throwing dice.

"Mm," said Arthur, eyeing Merlin consideringly.

Gaius started to feel hopeful again.  Yes, yes, Arthur -- look at the boy, he looks about as dangerous as a wet kitten.  He's harmless, it was an accident, he trips over his own feet all the time, you know he'd never hurt you, look at him.

Arthur took another step back from Merlin, tightening his arms across his chest.  "And after that, when you-"  Arthur paused for a moment, still looking Merlin in the eye, and Merlin flinched as if he was about to take a blow.  "When you ... attacked me with your, your magic," Arthur continued, sounding uncomfortable, "how do you explain that?"

Stepping forward, Merlin poked a finger into Arthur's chest.  "I wasn't attacking you, you idiot!  I was trying to heal you after the armour attacked, um, fell on you!"

Arthur stared pointedly down at the finger poking him in the chest, and then raised his eyes to stare equally pointedly at Merlin, who gulped, and stepped hastily back.

"Er, um, that is, Your Highness, I-"

"Yes?" said Arthur, silkily.

Merlin gathered himself together and said, in a small voice, "I'm sorry, Your Highness.  I was just trying to make you feel better."

"'Trying to make me feel better,'" Arthur repeated, raising a sceptical eyebrow.

Merlin blushed again, shuffling his feet and twisting his fingers together as if he was trying to braid them.

"Well then, congratulations are in order, because you certainly succeeded in 'making me feel better.'" Arthur hissed, low-voiced.  "Only imagine my astonishment at having magic used on me – and by my own manservant, no less – in my rooms, in the middle of Camelot!" Arthur said, scowling at Merlin.  "Tell me, how many others know what you can do with your, your magic?"

"Hardly anyone knows!  I've been careful," Merlin protested.  Both Gaius and Arthur looked sceptical at that.  Merlin scowled at both of them. "I have!"

Arthur looked relieved at that, and Gaius started to feel cautiously hopeful.  Maybe Arthur wouldn't turn both of them straight over to Uther to be executed.  The boy was angry, but he no longer looked like he wanted to kill Merlin.

"And how many of those who know have you--" Arthur waved a hand in what was presumable meant to be a vaguely magical gesture, which looked a lot like grabbing someone by the neck and throttling them "--have you healed with your magic?" asked Arthur as he leaned toward Merlin, looking predatory and threatening.

Merlin leaned back, looking alarmed.  "No-one!  You're the only, um, I mean, you're the first, I mean, I don't, er, I didn't mean to," stammered Merlin, his face almost as red as Arthur's cape.

"So it was all a mistake?" asked Arthur.

"Not exactly."  Merlin took a deep breath and stood straighter,