very badly, and then he will just make us get rid of it." Glorfindel blinked. "Wait... wait... no, that would be bad. Can't do that." Glorfindel joined Lindir in his pacing again, with less skip in his step, and patted him on the back. "You're off the hook! However... we still need to blame this on someone..." 

"Morgoth? He's pissy enough to do something as petty and ultimately bah-humbuggy as take his impotence out on innocent holiday decorations. He's done it before, and that wasn't even a holiday. That was just outright pissiness. Hmmm...So, he came in, threw his little temper tantrum...and then what? Lord Oromë chased him back into the Void?" He stopped and blinked, then squealed for joy and danced around. "YES! Yes, that's it! We blame it on THEM! Yes, the Hunter's always on the lookout for evidence of Morgoth's return, and the portal in from the Void was HERE, so this is where he came and he fought Morgoth in HERE! Yes! It's PERFECT!" 

"You're right, it is brilliant! There would be no one to witness otherwise, no one to dispute our claims!" Glorfindel's smile fell in an instant, and he gathered up Binkyboo for a snuggle. "But... how do we explain how he did it being chained up? He is still chained up, right?" 

Lindir blinked, then went to Glorfindel and hugged him, stroking his hair. "Of course he is, dearest one! Perhaps...perhaps he's a contortionist and managed to twist around until his hands were chained in FRONT of him, so he was able to work the lock open. He came here, did battle with the Valar, then he got taken away again, this time in Valar-proof bindings. He's still chained and no doubt whining because he was trumped by a baby ferret...but he really wasn't, right? Because HE did it, not Binkyboo." Lindir nodded confidently. "Yes, that is what we shall tell him." 

By now, Glorfindel had hugged his arms around his chest and was rocking back and forth, fighting to stay in his happy place. "But if Morgoth IS a contortionist, that means he could get out of the Void, and once he gets out of the Void, then he might come back, and once he comes back, he might find that balrog everyone keeps denying is in the Morian mines that everyone pretends isn't there but I KNOW is there, because I just KNOW, and I'm not crazy about that like everyone keeps saying behind my back but no one thinks I do because they forget I have Elven hearing, but I do hear, but then Morgoth might find him and then I would have to go fight it because no one else knows how to kill a balrog but then I would probably die again and I don't want to die because it would make poor little Binkyboo an orphan!" 

Glorfindel was wailing now, sobbing against Lindir's shoulder. The ferret, to his credit, seemed unfazed as he started a second course of nibbling on Glorfindel's sleeve. 

Lindir placed a hand on either of Glorfindel's cheeks and forced him to look up. "Glorfindel! Stop, dearest one. Stop. Morgoth is stuck in the Void, chained to whatever Void-like thing they chained him to! He is NOT coming back from the Void of Boredom! He can't even knit because he's chained, and he will stay chained until the Cracking of Arda, and by that time Illuvatar himself can pull Morgoth over his knee and spank his arse like a naughty elfling! As far as the Morian Balrog goes...perhaps he IS there, perhaps not. But let us deal with one disaster at a time, and the most important disaster right now is finding someone or something to pin this destruction on." 

Secretly, Lindir vowed to find those who whispered about the state of his Goldie's sanity, and have a nice, friendly...discussion. 

After he'd healed from the tail transplant. Well...maybe before. Who knew how long it took to heal from such drastic medical procedures? Yes, he'd have his discussion before the transplant, then he could relax and enjoy the adulation that came with his new fluffy tail. 

With a sniffle, Glorfindel nodded and wiped his nose with his sleeve, much to the disappointment of the ferret that had been so enjoying the delicious sleeve. "No Morgoth. We have to come up with something else." He was still shaking and worrying himself sick now about thoughts of dark lords and shadow demons. "No Morgoth. Maybe we can blame... the wind? Someone could have left a window open, and it blew the tree over?" 

Leaning against the doorway in the far corner of the room, Elrond wondered how much longer this was going to continue. He remained unseen -- an advantage of the ring he wore and the