Turned out the doctor didn’t live too far from the hospital and within ten minutes they’d found a place to park and was heading up to the house. The house wasn’t as big as you’d think, him being a doctor and all but it was well kept, and the lawn meticulously mowed.

They knocked on the door, but there was no answer and Sam looked through the windows to see if there was any movement, the house seemed empty. Sam gave Dean a questioning eye and Dean nodded and pointed to the far end of the house. Without a word they walked to the backside to see if there was somewhere they could get inside.

The back yard was as neat as the front and there was big porch covering the whole length of the house. Dean gestured to Sam that he was going to check the glass door leading from the house and out to the porch. He climbed the steps with careful steps and lightly pushed at the door, to his surprise the door slid open, he turned to Sam who was right behind him “well that was, lucky?” Dean said as he entered what seemed to be a dining room, connected to the kitchen.

“I’ll take upstairs” Sam headed into the small hallway and up the white wooden stair. While Sam searched the two bedrooms, closets and a bathroom with jacuzzi, Dean searched the downstairs.

“Found anything?” Sam asked when he found dean in study going through the books in the shelfs to the right of the big cherry-wood desk placed in front of the window, facing the room.

“No, nothing yet” he pulled out another book, another one about medicine, just as you’d expect.

They continued in silence.

“Uhm, did you see this?” Sam pointed at a section of the book shelf he was searching.

A little distracted by his own doings Dean slowly turned to look at what Sam was pointing at “No, what?” He read the backs. “Mythology, what about it?”

“I don’t know…might be nothing but, it’s the only thing remotely ‘odd’- “he made air quotes again “-that we can find about this guy”

Dean gave his brother a ‘could you just stop with the air quotes’ look as he reached for the book with the most worn cover. He let it fall open in his hand.

“So, something called Arae is his favorite Greek mythology creature?” he eyed the pages, closed book and put it back.

“Wait, what did it say?”

“Just something about demons from the underworld, and that they carry out curses” Dean shrugged his shoulders “let’s get out of here”

***

“It’s not a reaper, the doctor seems squeaky clean and now this-“ Sam sighed heavily and tossed Dean the newspaper he had picked up while getting some groceries, he started unpacking the plastic bag he’d put on the table “-some homeless dude is harassing the police station saying that there is a warlock going around the homeless community, setting spells on them and making them sick, that this has been going on for years and that the finals straw was when his friend died from that tumor.”

“A warlock, huh?”

“Yep, I say we eat and then head on over to see if we can find this ‘Shorty’ guy” Sam raised his hands to make air quotes again.

“Would you please! Stop with those fucking-“ Dean made a face as he exaggerated his imitation of Sam’s favorite gesture.

Sam snorted at his brother and threw him a prepacked sandwich. They ate without a word.

***

Tracking down a homeless guy by the name Shorty wasn’t easy. Ha was not to be found at any of the local shelters and it wasn’t until Sam came up with the idea to search in the area that the dead homeless guy was found a week earlier that they got a lead. They met a lady with no front teeth and grizzly hair, named Louise, and she told them about the guy that died.

“Yeah, Karl was a bit rough around the edges, but he was kind, as long as he got his morning beer he was as cuddly as a kitten” she had a fond look on her face as stroke the bench beside her “they found him on this bench ya’ know…” her eyes welled up with tears.

“Ma’am, can you tell us anything about how he died? Anything strange occurred that night?” Sam’s eyebrows knitted together in a compassionate frown.

Louise gazed far into the distance “I met him that night, he seemed fine” she drifted off in thoughts “nothing was out of the ordinary…but when me and Shorty found him in the morning…” she fell silent and looked up at the men in front of her, “well, he had a hand print on the left side of his face…as if someone had held a hand there, I talked to the police about it but they just said it was from being in a fight…”

“But you