heavily.

In 200 metres, or there roundabouts, the foliage breaks for around 20 meters across - the rocky out cropping plateauing from the floor of the cloud forest. Not too big, but space enough to put a bird down in.

The Asset sets him down again carefully, dropping his pack down beside him, and Brock doesn't even attempt to restrain his moan this time. His veins are alight with liquid fire, and for some odd reason his cock is agony where it's pressed against the constricting fabric of his tac pants. Everything hurts.

Brock ignores the Soldier’s ministrations in favour of fixing his eyes on the low cloud cover above as it checks his eyes and reflexes. He's always surprised by the amount it retains when they pump it full of background mission intel - especially given its long term memory has all the capacity of a sieve.

He's aware his limbs are swelling, and is grateful when it helps peel him out of the tight tac jacket and weapons holsters - his breathing is a little strained too, and the last thing he needs is to choke to death because of his too constricting tac gear; like some inane fetish session gone wrong.

He pretends none of this is happening as it first presses carefully on the skin of his arms, checking for oedema, then strips the tac glove from its flesh hand so it can place two fingers to the pulse point on his neck. It must deem him stable enough for now, because it moves further down his body - stripping the holsters from around his thighs and placing his gear in an untidy pile.

Brock watches through slitted eyes, jaw clenched with pain, as it pauses when it reaches his waist - uses careful, nimble fingers to first pull his holsters free, adding them to the growing pile beside him, before unbuckling his belt. The relief when the top button of his pants comes undone is palpable - releasing the pressure of the constricting fabric against his sore and swollen dick.

He almost wants to laugh at the sheer absurdity of the situation; here he is lying on the bare earth of a rainforest floor, possibly about to die because of a damned spider of all things, and he's watching the Asset as it examines his raging erection. What the fuck even is his life.

It nods decisively before speaking, that disused voice as rough as ever. "The venom appears to have increased the levels of nitric oxide in your blood, causing priapism."

Brock snarls up at it, slapping a careful hand away as it brushes cool metal fingers over his forehead - pushing dark sweaty hair off his face where it's falling in his eyes. "Soldier, you can say it, it's given me a fucking boner.”

The Asset doesn't respond, but stands suddenly - stepping away to mess with his pack until it pulls the bed roll loose, spreading it out beside him for him to roll over onto.

Fine, Brock thinks angrily, turning his face away from where it's now stuffing his gear into his pack. He can just rest here until help comes. Everything is going to be fine.

/*/

There's still at least thirty minutes until Medevac arrives and Brock whines where he's laying face down on the ground, bedroll hastily spread out beneath him. The thin padding does little to cushion him from the rough surface of the rock beneath it, and the dips and ridges of the stone feel almost euphoric when he moves his hips - drags the head of his cock over them.

He ignores the Assets stare as he rocks back and forth - desperate for any kind of friction, of relief from this torture, his dick purple and angry and his body aflame with too much sensation. If only there was a chick nearby, some forest-dwelling uncontacted native or something. Hell, he'd take what he could get right now - a fleshlight would do.

He moans and buries his face in his folded arms; it's just not  enough. Precum glistens at the head of his leaking cock, and there is an itch deep inside that he's desperate to scratch.

He jumps a little in surprise when booted feet crunch in the dirt beside him - he hadn't noticed the Asset moving - and he blinks up with hazy eyes, pupils blown wide, as it sinks to his knees next to where he's sprawled.

He doesn't even pull away this time, when it reaches out a hand slowly and brushes the hair back from his face - though he does jerk away from careful fingers when it pulls a familiar piece of black plastic from its pocket. The muzzle. They've not bothered with it the last few days - not like anyone in the middle of the rainforest is going to go running back to whatever intelligence agency screaming they know what a ghost story looks like. It'd be like claiming they'd seen Big Foot, for fucks sake.

The Asset doesn't slide the mask over its own face though; instead it ignores Brock’s admittedly feeble struggle to get away, and fastens it around his head. Brock blinks up at