and ways. He was constantly shooting at her with his strange chameleon creature which could transform at his will to something he didn't even need to say out loud. She soon became accustomed to dodging, running very fast (as if escaping the Devil's spawn, such as Reborn) shooting hand held guns and pistols. There was also a bit of kick boxing as Reborn was saying that her legs were as thin as sticks and although she had a bit of meat on them, she needed to tone in some muscles and all. There were varied ways he tor-tutored her and it would start from the very crack of dawn such as being exploded with grenades. This led her to be able to sense any movement even when asleep which would help prevent assassinations when sleeping.

After Reborn's hell, she would go have lunch and relax with Fon who would make her meditate for an hour straight to relax and release any malicious or stressing thoughts such as the very 'mean' ways of training Reborn. Then he would show here a bunch of martial arts moves and let her copy and then create her own way to fight. She felt very comfortable with doing hand to hand combat, and it suited her small stature and it boosted her agility and speed. When she discussed this with Bermuda, he agreed with her that it would be the best to pursue hand to hand combat. It was surprising for her to find out that Fon was the storm element and Fon would simply smile at her and say that it was the way of how he was created, whether it was by god, a person or out of nothingness.

Skull was very unique. He was known for not being able to be killed because of the cloud's element of propagation. There was a strange way for him to teach her. It mostly was being able to be emotionally stable even when being bullied. She often stopped Reborn and co from bullying skull, but that never meant it didn't hurt. Skull had gotten over it since he knew that there were some things that others have gone through harder times than he had. He helped her be able to sort of 'fly' and soar in the air and then land without difficulty or injuries. He then would tell her stories of his life and how he felt saying that he would be happy to listen to her troubles if she had any. Skull then became her consultant in emotional and mental problems.

Illusions were a magnificent thing. That's what Tsuna thought and still thinks. Mammon or Viper, since she now lets her, introduced it to her as another entire being of life. It could change and mould itself and be something of its own. Sometimes it could be real or not, and it was a source of imagination and belief. There was a bit of will somewhere down the road, but it was important for Tsuna to realise that some things are not illusions and some are. Although there were no illusionists as powerful or great as Viper at that current time, there were still people like her out there. Tsuna didn't require much in recognising what was or not an illusion because of her 'senses' but she knew that Viper was doing this for the good of her. She learnt that illusionists were always weak bodied as illusionists couldn't have both a great mind for their illusions and a great body to protect themselves when things get close. As Viper said, it would be outrageous if an illusionist could be both skilled in physical combat and illusions. (Two pineapples and soon to come apple sneezed.)

When Saturday came around, Tsuna would read up on a book or consult the internet for any help. If she needed to remind herself of anything, she would consult the person who was teaching her this or that. Most of the day, she would spend with Gingerbread playing hide and seek and then going off trolling and pranking everyone. Then she would relax on her bed, go cooking lessons with Lotterio or speak with Luce and Elma since Viper would be off doing something. Sometimes she heard numbers within the hundred thousand when outside of Viper's room. Probably maths or something…

Technology was a high point of her skills. Hacking turned into a natural talent for her and so Verde was there to teach her. After that, he would tell her about poisons, pressure points and weak points of the human body. One time, she agreed to try out poisons to become immune to them. Verde was suspicious but he gave her one that was rather potent to children of her age, but there were no effects. Finding it interesting, there was another experiment created. It was probably something to do with her flames. Then it was simply just giving her a proper education for geniuses of her age and then a good session of hacking and going through random databases so they couldn't get traced.

And all that, would be her entire week.

There were times where she was down and sad, but then suddenly she would just bounce and jumpy back up and then keep going. Throughout all this time, Reborn was tempted to try the new technology created in taking out