catching her attention. She reaches for it, and its bright screen leads her away from memory.

It tells her who she is: Missy.

It reminds her of the things, the very few things she knows.

It gives her the ability to live a sort of half life, gives her the independence to pick herself off the floor plate where she finally gave in to sleep, curled against its unyielding surface because she refuses to keep a mattress in her room; to wash her own face and brush her own hair and find a fresh set of clothes and know how the alien layers are meant to fasten. It allows her to lift the hinged lid on the finely-carved box that holds her gloves as though they were the most precious of gems, to run the pads of her fingers over the dense fine pile of dark velvet as though caressing someone’s hand.

They’re important, the gloves are important. Putting them on is like a ritual; they fit her perfectly, like they were made for her from meticulous measurements. She would never venture out without them. At work in the console room, or in the greenhouse, she forgets she’s wearing them, they’re so precisely cut, and for once the forgetting is not a failure of her mind.

~

“Imagine...imagine you walk into Coal Hill School. It’s midday, term time, a Wednesday. And the desks are still there, the chalk boards and the pencils and the composition books are all there. The teachers are there too, up at the fronts of their classrooms, reciting Shakespeare and setting sums and mangling history. And the pencils are writing away and the computers are clacking away and in the canteen the dinner lady is ladling chips onto dinner trays. And there are no children. None at all. The chips are spilling over onto the floor there are so many, the screens are blank, and the pencils are writing but no words appear. The pages are blank. All the pages are blank, in all the books in the entire school. But the school is working. The teachers are teaching. Sums are being set, and solved, all of them correctly--I know that’s not likely at your school, but just use your imagination for the metaphor--all day, every day. What would you think of that?”

“That’s horrible. That’s not a school. That isn’t life. It’s perverse.”

“That’s what it’s like. That's why I don't like to--”

The Doctor’s head snaps around as Missy turns the corner, his eyes alarmed. Then, his face does something deliberate and difficult, his expression closes off, and he falls silent.

~

She watches on the viewscreen as they run for it, hand in hand, the Doctor in the lead hurrying Clara along, the roaring, toothed thing chasing them gaining ground even as they sprint as fast as they can. They come to a barrier, a short cliff, and the Doctor pushes Clara ahead of him, lifting her so that she can reach for the top and pull herself up. He jumps for it, makes it on the third try, and scrambles after her, willfully falling behind.

Missy evaluates their progress, and the rate of the creature’s pursuit, and makes an automatic, incontestable calculation.

She pushes her mind into the control console, fingers flying on the unwieldy buttons even as she bargains with the TARDIS to let her in, to let her work. This is an emergency!

The safety disengages with a sticky reluctance, and suddenly she’s free to reconfigure settings she’d forgotten existed, and she programmes urgently, never taking her eyes from the display even as she rips into one of the panels to get at the wiring, tearing her glove and with it her fingernail or skin or whatever it is that sends a sour sharp white pain shocking through her when it catches on a jagged edge and pulls away.

“Hold on, hold on. Keep running...run faster. Come on, you antique, work with me!”

Outside, they’re within sight of the TARDIS, the monster that wants to rip them to shreds steps from the Doctor.

Missy slams the activate switch with all the force of her mind and her undamaged hand and stares intently into the screen as a beam shoots from the roof lamp, finding its mark with perfect accuracy.

As the light fades, the Doctor and Clara look around in confusion. Then the Doctor retraces his steps, his eyes fixed on the ground ahead of him. He crouches in the grass, searching among the blades, and his shoulders stiffen. He turns to scowl directly into the camera, his rage a palpable force even through the viewscreen.

In his hands, the lifeless, miniatuarised remains of the creature that almost killed him.

~

He’s looking everywhere but into her eyes as he peels the shredded glove from her hand to run the regenerator over the damage. There’s blood all down her palm, coagulating already, and he focusses intently on the damp cloth he