." David says, and they are all in for it, but they don't want to be. I mean they did just meet, but now they are keeping a big secret from him.
"Okay so. Our album is move rock like right? Well this one, thanks to Niall helped me with the music for it. I was going to pitch it for the album but I backed out at the last moment. It's called, Your Nickle Aint Worth My Dime" There was a giggle from David at the title, but Liam just flipped him off, and started the cords.I found a love that swept me off of my feetFound a baby, he's the finest thing this boy had ever seenHe'd pick you up,and make you wanna fall hardWhen I step out on the scene, they shoutOh my god!He's so unrealHe lets me take him homeLet my body love your body, babyAll night long
Liam's voice is so great. David thinks to himself.I wanna write a song about you now, yeahSomething that would make you wanna startI wanna write a song about you now, yeahSomething from the bottom of my heart
This makes me want to die, that is just so sweet. Melody whispers to Crystal.
The song goes on, and ends, and there is a sweep of applauds, and cheers. David kept saying it was great, and that his voice was so fantastic. Better than any of their other songs, no offence. Crystal stops recording, and hides her phone with a smirk on her face. "Liam, you must pitch that for the album, it would be amazing if you did!" Vivian spoke up, clearing her throat as she spoke. "Eh.. I got more, if you want to hear." There was a few cheers and Liam went and got his song book. Well, books. "Pick one." He said, holding out three books, one is black, one is purple and one is pink. "Pink.. Really Liam?" David asks. "What. I am not allowed to use pink. Give me a break and pick one." Liam rolls his eyes. David picks the purple one because it is his favorite colour. "Now pick a number from 1-3 Vivian." She chose three. "Now Crystal 1-14" She picked 8 "Now, Melody pick from 1-48" She chosed 39 "Okay, this song is called Smiles All Round."So, where do I begin? I woke up today Dragged this broken suitcase through the rain I've been searching for the inspiration Got lost along the way And I said before you left, "Zayn, don't you drink yourself to death" Well my darling, I'm afraid you can't keep that promise Or even try my best. So while you sleep alone tonightI'll be up 'till the morning lightSo for now, things will be alright
A tear started to fall from Liam's eyes, as he sung. It was quiet shocking, even for David. He hasn't ever seen Liam cry, ever since Comic Relief. The song ended, and David ended up crying as well. "Awe Liam don't cry!" David said, embracing him in a hug, that made them both fall over. Making the girls giggle. "That one was when me and Zayn were going though some rough patch, when me and Danielle were 'dating' " Liam did air quotes over dating.
As Liam kept singing for them, a sound came from though the walls. No one knew what it was, so they all ignored it. Until it happened again, but it came from outside the flat, so they all just ignored it, Liam went back to singing, but was interrupted by his front door, being blasted open, and some emmance yelling from a very drunk Zayn.
"Zayn, what are you doing?" David snaps. "What is it to ya'" He spat back at David. "Liam, come here." Zayn says, not being able to hold himself up. "No." Liam says coldly. "W- What?" Zayn says, taken aback by his reply. Liam is now standing up, hands curled into a ball. David got up, and grouped the girls to the other side of the room, David knowing that this will get ugly, and not wanting them in harms way. "You heard me, no." Liam says again, the coldness in his voice, even gave David chills down his spine, like Liam just turned into the most heartless person in the world. "Liam.. What's gotten into you love?" Zayn is now trying to be passionate.
"What's this then?" Liam says, turning on his laptop, and the video of him and a girl having a Skype conversation, which ended up being more than a conversation, if you get what I mean. "Li- Liam listen.. t-" Liam cuts him off. "No, I am done with this. First you say you are Skyping