behind his ear.  “I hear a baby crying right here in the frozen food aisle, don’t you?  It’s hurting my ears, make it stop, man!” “Oh no, it’s like we work in WalMart or something!  These low prices are too stressful!” Liam plays along, pressing his hands to his ears, moaning in pain with Louis. “Don’t make me cut your hours, dumb and dumber,” Zayn threatens with narrowed eyes. The market’s PA speakers send a screeching feedback, muffling: Zayn Malik to the front, please.  Zayn Malik to the front. He runs towards the front of the market, weaving his way around a few customers until he stops in his tracks, his heart pounding out of his chest when he sees none other than Niall chatting with one of the cashiers. “Niall, what are you doing here?” Zayn asks, confused. “I’m off work early so I brought you some lunch!” Niall grins, holding up a plastic bag with two take out boxes.  “I got you cream cheese wontons and shrimp fried rice, your favorite!” “Babe, are you serious?  You didn’t have to do this!” Zayn laughs in surprise, then swallows hard when he looks over Niall’s shoulder, finding Louis walking past him with a deadly glare. “I know, but it’s been a while since I’ve visited and I wanted to do something nice for you.”  Niall hands the bag over and kisses him on the cheek, and Zayn turns beet red when a few cashiers begin making kissing noises and wolf whistles in their direction. “By the way, I’ve got something special planned tonight, just us two,” Niall says in a sultry voice. “Like a date?” Zayn asks eagerly. Niall nods and kisses Zayn one more time.  “You might even get lucky.” — After a quick shower and a change of clothes, Zayn grabs a bottle of his favorite perfume, spritzing it twice over his neck and chest.  He tucks in his red button down shirt, then fiddles with the cuffs, rolling up the sleeves to show off the tattoos on his forearms that he keeps so well-hidden at work. Niall walks out of the bathroom wearing black jeans, a white t-shirt, and a black leather jacket, his hair loosely styled to the side that makes Zayn bite his lip.  “Ah, you like what you see?” Niall teases, pulling Zayn towards him for a kiss.  Zayn puts his hands on Niall’s hips and presses him against their dresser, laughing when he feels Niall’s tongue slip into his mouth. It’s been a while since Zayn’s gotten any from Niall, and he’s desperate to get fucked right then and there.  He’s hoping Niall will bend him over the edge of their bed, hands held behind his back while Niall fucks him deep into the mattress until he can’t stand on his legs for the next two days.  Zayn thinks he’s going to get what he wants until Niall pulls away with a grin, slowly pushing him back with a hand. “You better save that energy for later,” Niall laughs. “No, forget the date, just do me now.” “Patience, Zayn,” he raises a brow, “your time will come and it’ll be in my mouth.” Zayn bursts out laughing and Niall takes him by the hand, running down the hall towards the front door.  As soon as Zayn unlocks the deadbolt, Neymar chirps rapidly, its sound so deafening Zayn would think the smoke alarm had gone off. “Don’t worry, we’ll back before you know it,” Niall coos, taking the duckling out of its cage. “Seriously?  Can you not coddle that damn thing before we leave?” Zayn groans in annoyance, and Niall waves him off to leave.  “Five minutes, that’s all I’m giving you.” — Five minutes turns into ten.  Then fifteen.  Twenty.  Thirty. Niall doesn’t answer any of the texts Zayn sends to him, his stomach growling louder and louder each minute he keeps thinking about what he wants to eat for dinner.  But soon enough, Zayn’s hunger pangs become too much to bear, and it takes over to the point of him unknowingly falling asleep at the wheel. The siren of an ambulance wakes him up, disoriented at the blaring noise and the throbbing ache in his neck.  He rubs his face and checks his watch, his stomach dropping when he realizes it’s been an entire hour and Niall is still nowhere to be seen. “Five minutes!  Five fucking minutes!” Zayn pounds his fists against the steering wheel.  He unbuckles his seatbelt and gets out of the car, stomping right back to his apartment. “Niall!” he shouts, barging through the front door. “Zayn, what the fuck!” Niall gasps, still holding Neymar in his hands.  “I said I’d be down in a few minutes!” “It has been an entire hour