mouth slightly smiling.

He must have been looking longer than he intended, because she looked over at him again. "Harry,really, what's wrong?  And don't you dare say nothing," she said, cutting off his headshake. "I know you better than that."

Well, why not? "I was just thinking about you and Ron." She waited patiently while he paused to figure out how to phrase what he wanted to say. "Just...you know, how things are so different between you guys now."

"It's strange, I know. I quite like it, though."

"Oh, yeah, so do I, but -- well, I mean, it's great to not have to break up your fights anymore -- well, not as much, anyway -- so, yeah, I like it, I think..." Oh, this was not working at all.

"But?" she prompted.

"I don't know, I guess I..." Then it hit him. "I guess I'm just jealous, you know? Of what you have. Sort of wish I could have that kind of closeness with you. And Ron," he added hastily.

Her brow furrowed in puzzlement. "But...we do have that, Harry. You and I have always been close, don't you think?"

"Yeah, but it's not the same thing that you and Ron have."

"Oh, Harry, I wouldn't want to have that with you!" Harry's jaw dropped. "What I mean is, you and Ron are different people, and so my relationship with each of you has to be different because of that. It just wouldn't be right. I love what I have with you, Harry; I'd never do anything to -- well, to weaken it."

Harry sat in semi-stunned silence for a moment, greatly relieved, but no less confused. It was time for a tension-breaking joke. "Good, now I won't have to go through a passionate romance with you that ends in an angsty break-up."

Hermione didn't laugh. She bit her lower lip, and then opened her mouth to answer him. Her words were soft. Ron chose just that moment to come back inside the car, complaining loudly about a gnat in his eye, so Harry couldn't be certain, but it sounded to him like she'd said, "Who says we'd break up?"

The sun continued to beat down on them relentlessly from a clear, white-blue sky as they continued towards the Caverns. The desert had an ethereal beauty to it, Harry supposed, though it was hard to appreciate it as the day progressed and the temperature grew steadily higher. Its shrubbery-topped dunes stretched as far as the eye could see in any direction, save where the road cut through them and where the mountains jutted out from the ground. The peaks were a distant testament to the waters that had flooded the region in primordial times, their horizontal, sculpted layers the only sign that moisture had, however inconceivably, once been plentiful in this arid region.

Over the next three hours, the flat desert turned into a mountainous one, and then to canyons. Finally, just as the heat was getting truly oppressive, they arrived at the Caverns. Here, the rock formations were more distinctive and the vegetation a little thicker, though that was relative. By this time, Harry had joined Ron in shedding his shirt, but now they put them back on and headed into the blessedly cool Visitor's Center with warmer clothes in hand -- the temperature inside the Caverns was 56 degrees Fahrenheit year round. They also had a full array of notebooks and cameras to perform their research. Harry and Ron changed quickly in the restroom, then wandered around the Center while they waited for Hermione.

After fifteen minutes, Harry was starting to get worried. Ron brushed it off, saying that she was a girl and naturally would take longer to change, but Harry thought that wasn't very like Hermione, the most excited of any of them about the Caverns. He went to look for her and noticed a sign over a section of the gift shop. Smiling, he changed direction and headed towards it. Sure enough, a familiar bushy brown head was facing away from him.

He crept up silently and tapped her on the shoulder. Hermione jumped and let out a small shriek. "Harry! Don't startle me like that!" she said upon recognizing her assailant.

"Ron and I were wondering where you'd gotten to."

She blushed lightly. "Er, yes, well, I got a little distracted..."

He smirked. "Yes, I thought I might find you here," he said, eyes wandering over the literature section of the gift shop. "Shall we go, then?" They rejoined Ron and headed down into the Cavern entrance.

Harry felt the temperature drop immediately after passing into the chambers. The three managed, through careful timing and subtle misdirection, to find