his stomach. As they passed through New Mexico and into Texas, that worry only grew.

Lance had only started his turn to drive a little over two hours ago before Keith interrupted him. “Hey Lance? Mind if I drive for a little bit? There’s someplace I want to stop.”

Lance had not been expecting that, and he wasn’t afraid to let Keith know it. After enough pestering, he had finally concluded that Keith wasn’t going to tell him where they were going and was doing whatever he could to annoy him about it.

“Keith wants to make a tourist stop? I never thought I’d see the day. What could possibly be so important that the great Keith Kogane decides it’s worth seeing?”

After that had failed to get a rise out of him, Lance turned to wild speculation.

“I bet you have a secret girlfriend in Texas and now we’re going to go save her from her boring farm life so you two can run away to the city together. No! You’re part of a cult, and you’re taking me to be sacrificed. Oh god, are you going to kill me? Are you just going to drag me out into a field and dump my body to deteriorate where I’ll never be found? Please, Keith, I’m too young to die!” Lance draped himself across Keith dramatically, only to be pushed away.

“Idiot! You’re gonna make me crash, and I swear if we run this truck off the road one more time I’m gonna walk to Virginia.”

“Oh come on, Keith!” Lance goaded. “Just tell me! Honestly, what can there possibly be to see in Texas? It’s Texas.”

Within an hour or so after diverting from the main interstate they had been on, Keith drove them down a gravel road and put the truck in park.

“We’re here,” Keith mumbled.

“Keith,” Lance looked around, unimpressed. “Why are we at some old farmhouse?”

Keith’s face flared bright red. “You don’t have to come with me. I probably won’t be gone long.”

Keith had started to beeline for the door of the house but was stopped when Lance grabbed his arm. Keith spun around to glare at him and order him back to the car, but was quieted by Lance’s expression.

“Whatever it is, you can tell me,” he assured. “It’s okay. Why are we really here? I won’t judge or anything, even if you do have a secret farmer girlfriend.”

Keith turned bright red again and crossed his arms, glaring down at his boots. “We’re going to see my family.”

Lance paused for a moment, expression unwavering. Suddenly, he jumped back with a yelp. “Keith! You’re from Texas?!?!”

_

Keith stepped back after knocking on the white wooden door that led into the house they had stopped at. Lance hadn’t stopped blabbering since he found out why they were here, but Keith refused to answer him.

“How could you not tell me? I mean, look, I don’t discriminate against where people come from, of course, but this is Texas we’re talking about here. Do you hunt? Do you have a secret love of trucks? Did you grow up on a farm? Do you secretly have an accent that you refuse to talk with? Do you say y’all???”

“Lance, shut the hell up.”

“Well hey there pardner, I do reckon that’s not in the spirit of southern hospi-”

Lance’s terrible impression of a southern accent was interrupted by the click of the door opening. A balding, middle-aged man stepped out. He was wrinkled and large, but by no means did he look out of shape. If Lance had to guess, he assumed this guy was probably working outside every day, despite his age.

“How can I help y-” he began, then cut himself off. “Keith?”

Keith looked up and gave a sheepish wave. “Hi, Uncle Mike.”

This guy - Uncle Mike - was probably about to drag Keith inside and lash into him for running away. So Lance was surprised, then, when instead he just threw his head back and laughed, pulling Keith in for a hug.

“Well it sure has been a long time since you stopped by! What brings you here?”

Keith hugged his uncle back, but looked like he would rather be anywhere else. Keith cleared his throat and attempted to disguise it as a laugh. “I was just, uh, in the area. Thought I’d stop by and see you guys. Is everyone around?”

“Of course they are!” Uncle Mike bellowed. “I’m sure they’ll all be thrilled to see ya! We can have a bonfire tonight and everything. And hey, who’s your friend there?”

Lance suddenly felt like he was being observed under a microscope. All of his