be, Nagisa's doing). But as the minutes dragged on and Makoto still hadn't shown up, he'd started to worry. What if something was wrong? He checked his rarely-used phone for what felt like the twentieth time, but there were no new messages. If he'd overslept, had a doctor's appointment or it was something to do with Ren and Ran, Makoto would have let him know. Which meant that something was very much Not Right.

The incessant sound of his own feet was driving him insane, so he stood up and started pacing instead, his hands curled into fists in his pockets.

Haru knew that it was a bit ridiculous to worry so much after only - he checked the time on his still-silent phone - nine minutes, especially as it was out of character for him to worry about anything. In fact, if he'd been watching someone else agonise over someone being only nine minutes late, Haru would have glared his patented no-nonsense glare and snapped at them to get a grip. Or, better yet, he'd have rolled his eyes and spared himself the trouble of telling them what an idiot they were. Yet here he was: an idiot by his own admission.

He worried about Makoto. He always had - Makoto was far too kind for his own good, and it would kill him if people took advantage of that. And ever since that night, that terrible night that had painted his nightmares in shades of black and blue for weeks, it had only gotten worse. Normally, his worry was more abstract. Makoto himself gave him no real reason to worry, being the sensible one in their little group. And he was rarely unaccounted for, seeing as he and Haru practically lived in each other's laps, which made his current absence all the more jarring.

If he'd been waiting for anyone else, he'd have given it up as a lost cause eight minutes ago and would have been well on his way to school in the time it had taken him to go just a little bit crazy. (Of course, Haru reasoned, he wouldn't be walking to school with anyone else anyway.)

But since it was Makoto he was waiting for, and leaving Haru stranded without a word was so unlike him, he had to wait until he showed up. It was that simple. He'd wait for him, regardless of whether it made him late for school (who knew how many times he'd done the same for Haru?), because it was Makoto.

That was the crux of it, really: he'd only wait around, only worry mindlessly about Makoto. Sure, he cared about his other friends - a rather embarrassing amount, if he was completely honest - but Makoto was different. He was like a piece of Haru - the very best piece, the piece that cherished and cared for and loved - and he couldn't get by without it. So he'd sit and wait, for as long as he needed to. And, he realised with a jolt, he wasn't just talking about that morning.

He almost smirked - what a profound time and place for an epiphany. Not.

Just when he was about to start tearing out his own hair, he heard a sound that was nearly as familiar as his own breathing.

"Haru!" Makoto half shouted, half wheezed, bounding up the stairs like a golden retriever. His cheeks were flushed, his tie was over one shoulder, and he was holding his side like he had a stitch - he'd obviously sprinted most of the way, probably only slowing down so he didn't trip and fall down the stairs. Haru bit back a grin at how ridiculous Makoto looked, a fondness so strong it was startling washing over him in waves.

Makoto stopped when he reached the step beneath Haru, putting them nose to nose for the first time in years. He rubbed sheepishly at the back of his neck, not daring to look Haru in the eye. Haru just let out a relieved breath; he felt like he hadn't breathed for nine - and a half, probably - minutes.

Makoto looked like he was gearing himself up for a speech - which was crazy, since Makoto knew Haru had no patience for speeches - so Haru geared himself up for something even crazier.

"I'm so, so sorry, Haru! It's been so hectic this morning, I didn't think to text you! I woke up so late, and Ran was sick, so I had to get her extra pillows and check mom could stay home and take care of her, and when I finally got going, I tripped over and got dirt all over me so I had to go home and change my cl-mph!" was all he managed to get out (which was more than enough thank you) before Haru wrapped his arms around Makoto's neck and kissed him quiet.

He was unresponsive for a few terrifying seconds, in which Haru's heart stuttered and he wondered whether he