When they stared at each other he thought he could see the emotions flare in Dean's eyes. He thought the whole more profound bond thing would have been enough for Dean to know how he felt.

Cas had never been human and was therefore unfamiliar with all of these new emotions that seemed to be flooding through him. He couldn't ask Dean about it. There was no way that any solid answer would be given to him.

And he was never alone in the room with Sam so asking him had never been an option, plus there was no way he was going to ask for relationship advice from his interest's younger brother. He would just have to figure it out on his own.

Plus if any word of this got back to his superiors back in Heaven, he didn't know what he would do. Falling for one's charge was strictly forbidden. It went against the whole no free will thing that angels were engrained with.

Cas had been falling for a while, probably since the moment he met Dean. He didn't need the final nail in his coffin, but he couldn't help the way he felt. There was no way he could deny it. What he felt for Dean far surpassed anything that he had ever felt before. He could tell it wasn't just some ordinary no meaning thing. Cas knew it was real, he knew it was deep, and he was sure it was love.

"No Dean I do not tire of standing here. It is merely enough to -," Cas cut himself off and tried to formulate something to say that didn't end with him seeming like a stalker. "Is there any new findings on the hunt?" was what came out of his mouth instead. It wasn't the most articulate thing he had ever said, but Dean didn't question it.

He had only asked to draw attention away from the fact that he didn't know what he would say. No, I don't mind just standing here staring at you. No I really shouldn't want to, but I will. I am in love with you and fear telling you due to the fear that you do not feel the same way. I only stand in silence because I can't find the right words to say. Yes, those things would have gone over so well with Dean.

Dean, who always had to assert his masculinity and who always seemed to deem it necessary to make sure people were aware of his heterosexuality. Cas didn't understand why it was so hard for Dean to ever even admit that there were other possibilities and that there could be other options for him. But it wasn't Cas' place to question it.

"All the signs are pointing to some decrepit old warehouse. Couldn't these demons ever be a little more original? They are always choosing these fucking places that are smack dab in the middle of nowhere and completely run down and shitty. I mean could they be any more typical. You know just once I would love it if they could choose some place nicer where I am more afraid of the demons than I am of getting tetanus," Dean ranted with his usual amount of sarcasm.

"I am sorry that the demons are not more considerate of your needs," Cas responded not knowing what else to say.

"It was a joke Cas. I realize that demons get off on this whole let's be the scum of the earth shit or whatever."

"Of course Dean. Of course. I knew that," Cas replied even though he didn't. He didn't usually get Dean's jokes or sarcasm. It wasn't a skill he had managed to perfect yet, but he tried.

"We are planning on heading out tonight. Calling up Bobby and meeting at the warehouse. Shouldn't be too hard these demons don't seem like the sharpest tools in the shed," Dean said dismissively as though this ended their conversation. Cas decided it would be best if he left for a while even though he longed to stay.

"I must be off Dean. I shall meet you at the warehouse tonight." And with one last stare he was off.

Later that night, Bobby, Sam, Dean, and Castiel all surrounded the old broken down building hoping to find a way in that didn't completely alert the demons to their presence. Cas and Dean took the back while Sam and Bobby each took a side. They were hoping to find some door or window that they could climb through. Going through the front door was too obvious.

Castiel could have zapped them in, but Dean was insistent that they not use that method of entry.

"Don't want to surprise the demons too much. They might try to kill us," Dean joked even though his face portrayed nothing but seriousness. After a few minutes lost in a pointed stare off Cas finally complied. He had long since come to terms with the fact that he would probably give Dean anything that he wanted. With him Dean would always win.

As it turns out there