the part you missed there was locked up," Rodney said. "God,  how much was that? Two ccs? How long did it take for you to build that kind of  tolerance? And what's with the bogarting of the poison?"

"Rodney--" John started, but the door opened behind him. He could see Rodney  standing up in his peripheral vision, and he waved him back down. He was pretty  sure he knew how this was going to play out.

"Welcome to our hut," he said to the soldiers. "It's a bit primitive, but we're  learning to love its charms."

Neither of them batted an eyelash. The one on the right gestured at Kanayo.  "You're wanted for questioning, traitor."

John tensed. Questioning didn't mean execution, but it didn't sound pleasant,  either. He needed Kanayo functioning. He wasn't ready to step in front of a gun  for him, though. The guards hauled him out, and the door slammed behind them.

"Think we're taking turns?" Rodney said, smiling weakly, grasping his right  wrist in his left hand.

"It'll be okay."

"Right. And how is that, exactly?"

"I don't know."

"Yeah." Rodney pulled the ratty blanket from the mattress and wrapped himself in  it. He lay down on the bed, sniffing a bit. "I didn't think so."

John spent most of the day pacing. Near noon, food was shoved through the door.  John munched on some stale bread, sitting on the floor leaning back against  Rodney's bed. When he asked if Rodney wanted any, he just shook his head. He  huddled on the bed, either asleep or pretending to be. A few hours later, the  guards thrust Kanayo back into the hut. Blood soaked his shirt, and his face was  puffed black with bruises. The guard watched him fall to the floor, moaning, and  then he turned to John.

"The commander wants to see you," he said. John nodded slowly.

"John--" Rodney stood up, still wrapped in his blanket, wild-eyed and shivering.

"Sit tight," John said, forcing his voice to stay calm and reassuring. He kept  his eyes on the guards. "I'll be back before you know it."

The two Genii marched him across the village square to a larger house, more  solidly constructed. From what John could see of the foundations, it probably  had several lower levels. That went right along the lines of Genii architecture.  He wondered what Kanayo had been sent here to steal. Whatever it was, this was  where he'd put money on finding it.

Kolya's office was on the top floor, where the rustic simple-farmers decor was  still going strong. Kolya sat behind a large desk. His pistol sat on top of it,  inches from his hand and pointed straight at John. There was a chair, but John  could read in Kolya's eyes what would happen if he went to sit in it. He stood.

"Well, Colonel," Kolya said. "Settling in?"

"Being held against my will is a bit of a downer," John said. "But other than  that."

"This is not a time for games, Colonel. Once again I have caught you attacking  my people. Why?"

John hooked his thumbs in his belt. "I never meant to attack you," he said.

"And yet here you are." Kolya steepled his fingers before his mouth. "Three of  my men are dead, and two more are severely injured. Your people have been  looting our supplies and exposing us to detection by the Wraith."

"If you've questioned Kanayo, then you know by now that Lieutenant Ford was  acting on his own. Atlantis would never--"

Kolya held up a hand. "But Atlantis has. Believe me, Colonel, you have proven  yourselves enemies of the Genii. That is not why you are here."

"It isn't." John shifted his weight, tensing. The small talk had come to an end.

"My people have been telling me children's tales of men with the strength of the  Wraith," Kolya said. "Yesterday, I saw them myself. Something gives them that  power."

John nodded. "They found a way to get strength from the Wraith," he said. "I  don't suggest you try it."

"You are still trying to keep secrets from the Genii." Kolya stood up and  extended his hand. Three syringes rolled on to the desk, each of them filled  with straw-coloured liquid.

John clenched his hands and glanced at Kolya. He wore a hint of a smile and his  black eyes considered John. His blunt fingertips rested on the syringe nearest  him, rolling it back and forth slightly.

"We found them on the dead men," Kolya said. "I see you know what they contain."

John shrugged. Kolya had no idea of the tiger he had by the tail. Ford was bad  enough, but