There’s a few chuckles and a bang and a familiar Ow! and Zayn guesses one of these idiots must of bumped into something. Probably Harry, he’s the most clumsy with his long gangly legs.

“We’re not gonna-”

“If I get groped-”

"No one is gonna grope you, Zayn-"

"I don't know about that!" Nick's voice shouts.

“Alright, alright, ladies.” Louis interrupts and Zayn rolls his eyes as best he can behind the cloth covering them. He’s being turned back around then but it feels like he’s spinning and he’s not sure which direction he’s facing now.

“Okay Zayn, here’s what’s gonna happen.” Harry’s voice drawls out. “We’re gonna direct you to something, you can keep you’re hands out to feel around and help guide you-”

“What are you directing me too?” he asks, feeling irritated, foolish and a little bit excited.

“That’s the thing, we can’t tell you, you have to figure it out.”

“Fine but are their prizes?” he asks because he thinks he deserves something for entrusting his life in these fools.

“There will be a prize, Zaynie, and you’re gonna love it.” Louis voice drips with excitement and tease and Zayn is so confused on why he’s still letting this go on.

He looks where he hopes Louis is and opens his mouth to speak before his cheeks are cupped and his face is being turned in the other direction. “Right here, babe.” Louis says and Zayn shakes his head from Louis’ hands.

“Lets just do this so I can get back to my Jack Daniels.”

There’s a loud clap by his ear that he winces at and then Louis is shouting about getting in positions or whatever while his voice fades further away. And then that’s when directions are being shouted at him.

“Turn left!” A female voice that sounds a lot like Perrie shouts. He listens and turns left because Perrie wont run him out a window.

“Take a few steps forward, three steps back, two to the right.”

“Niall! That’s too difficult!” Ben, he thinks, yells and Zayn nods his head in agreement.

“Sorry.” Niall says in a sheepish tone and Zayn can hear the grin in his voice. “Got excited.”

There’s more directions being shouted at him and he bumps into more then a few things, he’s sure there are going to be bruises on his shins in the morning, but then they finally tell him to stop where he is.

“Reach out and touch whatever it is.” Harry tells him so he does and his hand lands on a thick material. He pushes lightly just to see if it’ll tip over but it’s sturdy and he tilts his head in question. He brings his other hand up and drags it up until his hand is running the slope of what he thinks is a shoulder.

“Is this a person?” he asks.

“Yeah.” Louis says with an odd glee in his words. “You’re molesting my fiancé.”

Zayn shakes his head. “No, this isn’t Harry. Harry isn’t this strong.” he pushes what he gathers is the chest again and it doesn’t even budge. “See, Harry would’ve toppled right over at just that.”

There’s a squawk that he guesses comes from Harry and a couple laughs and the chest under his hands vibrates with a laugh he can’t hear, just feel.

“If I’m feeling up some poor Pizza man-”

"We'd probably get some free pizza." Louis replies cheekily.

“Just keep feeling, Zayn.” Eleanor urges in an impatient but giddy tone and Zayn notices how Ben and Nick haven’t said anything in a while, probably to throw him off but he doesn’t think this is either of them. Ben has a bit more squishy and Nick was wearing a thin t-shirt, not a jacket.

“This is so wrong.” he mumbles to himself before he runs a hand over and to the hem of the jacket. He hesitantly brings his fingers to warm, smooth skin that has the tips of his fingers oddly tingling and runs them over an adams apple. Yeah, definitely a man. He trails his fingers higher and to the short bristled hair on the guys chin. His heart jumps.

“You feel familiar.” he says lowly, more to himself as his curiosity peaks. He bites his lip and his fingers brush the tip of a mouth that twitches slightly under his touch and finally reaches a big soft nose and his breath hitches from the familiarity and then his hands move a little quicker to where he assumes the guys eyebrows should be. Thick, bushy and shaped and then his mouth falls open slightly, his heart racing.

“If this is some fucking joke-” he chokes, his throat tight and then the blindfold is being pulled at and finally falls