he’s feeling a bit lonely.

The platform is crammed and Niall makes his way down the furthest end possible, bumping into people and excusing himself because he knows that he’ll be near the exit when he reaches his stop anyway. There’s a collection of men in suits, a few tourists and families and a handsome fella in a green jacket that Niall decides to stand next to on the platform just because he can. It’s not like he’ll ever get the balls to talk to him, but Niall feels better when he can appreciate him close up. He waits patiently for the train and spares a few glances at the people around before he finally catches sight of the light in the tunnel and the train arrives at the platform.

The people exiting the train seem to take forever before everyone finally starts piling in. He gestures for the cute guy in the green jacket to go first so he can admire his behind before he jumps on himself and scans the carriage and spots a seat and—oh. Green jacket guy notices as well and stumbles ahead before collapsing down on to the seat with a satisfied sigh. Niall can’t help but scowl as he grabs on to the closest railing. The doors close and the train jolts and Niall tries to ignore how someone’s bag is digging into his back.

It’s five stops later when the someone abandons the seat next to Jacket guy and Niall makes a move as the doors to the carriage close. His arse is halfway to the seat when everything jolts and Niall lands with a thump, quite embarrassingly, on the next seat. Which is occupied. Which now means he’s sitting on jacket guy’s lap.

He immediately jumps and spins around to mumble his apology with a tomato-red stained face when the guy straightens himself up in the seat and looks up with a smirk.

“If you wanted my seat so badly, all you had to do was ask.” He winks, pulling at the collar of his jacket while looking up at Niall with his startlingly green eyes. Niall wants to open the doors and throw himself from the moving train.

“My god, shit — I’m  so sorry. That was awful. Jesus.” Niall blurts out, avoiding eye contact with practically everyone as he carefully lowers himself to the correct seat and grabs his iPhone to distract himself from the complete embarrassment. He feels the jacket guy lean towards him and lowers his head to speak in his ear.

“Don’t apologise. That was the highlight of my day.”

Niall nearly chokes on his spit and has to clear his throat as he turns slowly to be met with mischievous green eyes peering at him through thick eyelashes. The guy’s smile is quirked up at the edges and he’s leaning slightly towards Niall, enough so that Niall can tell he smells really good. “Sorry, I’m Harry.” 

He holds out his hand and Niall stupidly stares at it like it’s a foreign object before he pockets his phone and slips his hand into the warm palm of Harry’s and shakes. “M’Niall.”

Harry’s smile gets bigger and he scoots a bit closer. “Niall,” he repeats, tasting the words in his mouth and Niall can’t tear his gaze from Harry’s, voice caught in his throat, “Irish, right?”

“Could you not tell by the accent?” Niall laughs and raises an eyebrow, finding his voice and confidence and Harry’s smile doesn't falter, not one bit.

“Well, you were talking in a bit of a rush, so it was hard to tell...” Harry grins and Niall pouts and folds his arms, trying not to let  the smile on his face surface. Harry laughs loudly and the corner of Niall’s mouth twitches into a smile and Harry leans his arm behind Niall on the chair. “Hey, don’t be embarrassed. It’s not everyday an attractive guy sit’s on my lap, I can tell you that.”

Niall begins to wonder how hot his face can actually get and takes interest at the floor because he feels like a fucking teenager who can’t find the right words to say to their crush or something. Harry seems to rejoice in Niall’s embarrassment and lifts his hips up so he can whip out his phone from the pocket of his extremely tight jeans.

“Well, Niall,” he starts, peering at him with a smile before unlocking his phone and opening his contacts, “I think I owe you for the embarrassment caused today.” he states, holding out his phone for Niall. He looks up at Harry and begins to protest.

“Oh no, it wasn't your fault! You don’t need to do anythi - “ he pauses when Harry just smiles broadly, an amused expression plastered on his face.

“I was thinking a drink, maybe? Or dinner? Please, save me from the guilt of the torture I've caused you today. I won’t be able to sleep otherwise.”

He looks so damn smug that Niall grabs the