’d mused with the idea but he was never really serious about it. Now it looked like someone was, and it was Arthur no less! That was even less expected. He looked at Arthur, he seemed as determined as ever. 



“Y-you can’t be serious. It- it- it’s really not that bad, I don’t need them.” Alfred stuttered.



“Why are you making such a fuss? I’m doing you a favor. Besides, all those things I said were true, and the longer it goes it’ll only get worse.” Arthur said with a huff.



“I- Uh- Thanks- I guess- Thank you.” Alfred said, a little stunned and blushed. Why was he so embarrassed? It was just glasses!



Arthur brushed it off, “No need to thank me, you need them. Now,” Arthur said turned back to look down the street, “we need to find you a glass shop.”


“Wait, like right now?” Alfred asked.


“Well obviously!”



“But, what about the, uh, map?”



“That can wait until after.” Arthur said before he trotted off down the street, head held high. He seemed very pleased with himself, like he had a new mission. Alfred begrudgingly followed.



And so they spent the rest of the afternoon scanning the roads for a glass shop instead of a map maker. Arthur did most of the scanning, actually, telling Alfred not to strain his eyes. It was a little even more embarrassing, having Arthur fuss over him so. 



Alfred didn't recall seeing a glass shop on their way the first time, but then again it was hard for him to catch all the signs anyways. But Arthur didn't seem to have seen one either or they’d be heading back that way. So Alfred fell into step beside Arthur, not having much else to do and they fell back into their normal chit chat along the way.



Surprisingly, it didn't take them long to find one. 



“Ah, there we are.” Arthur piped up along their walk once he saw the sign hanging up ahead across the street.



A few other people walked past them on the street and they waited for a carriage to roll past before they walked to the other side of the street. The sun was lower in the sky by now, early afternoon, and Alfred assumed he should be hungry for lunch by now but his stomach was unwillingly uneasy, nervous as they approached the shop. Now closer, Alfred could read the words that were also neatly painted on the door, 

Edelstein Glassworks


.

 The front of the shop had a large paned glass window and inside Alfred could see neat displays of bottles, jewelry, samples of painted glass and last but not least, spectacles. A thought suddenly occurred to Alfred, which he thought he really should have considered earlier, after looking throughout the neat fancy-looking displays inside.



“Wait,” Alfred said, suddenly stopping Arthur from going towards the door. 



“What is it?” Arthur said calmly. Alfred had expected him to snap but he didn't.



“What about money? We won't even have enough money for it between the both of us.” Alfred said.



Arthur seemed unfazed. “Never mind the money.” He said quickly. “I've had some saved up. Should be enough.”



“But… Don’t you want to spend that on something special for yourself?” Alfred asked sheepishly.



“What else would I spend it on?” Arthur said but before Alfred could respond he ushered him through the door.



Inside, a woman stepped out from a doorway behind the counter and her eyebrows raised in surprise when she saw them.



“Oh! Hello!” She said in acknowledgement. “Roderich! There are customers!” The woman called to the back room and stepped out from behind the counter. She started making her way over to them. She had a soft face with light skin, green eyes and long wavy brown hair. She wore a fancier, but practical, green dress to match her eyes.



Soon a man appeared from the back room beside her. His hair, darker and swiped back, however a single tuft stuck up from the rest. Glasses covered his violet eyes. His clothes were fair more fancy than the woman's, with frills and trims. He wore a dark blue suit and an air of pretentiousness. 



“Good afternoon, I am Roderich Edelstein. I own the Edelstein company and this is Elizabeta Héderváry.” 



“--His business partner.” she added.



“How can we help you today?” Roderich said, silently pouting.



“We’re here to commission a pair of spectacles.” Arthur said and then nodded to Alfred. “For this one.”



“I see. I should say I don't normally do this sort of work.” Roderich felt the need to add. “However I assure you I am just as knowledgeable on the subject.” 



“Poor Mr. Roderich.” Elizabeta cut in. “He's really not cut out for this sort of work