element. Thomas soon draws attention to Niall’s guitar case on the floor, asking Niall with a toothy grin if Niall plays. Niall beams at this, and the kids watch in anticipation as he picks up the case and sets it across his lap, unclasps it and removes the guitar. Harry helps put the case back down on the floor and then sits back to watch what Niall does best.

            “Any suggestions?” he asks whilst the pick is in his mouth, fingers fiddling as he tunes it, strumming it a few times as Thomas and Fatima seem to talk through shy smiles.

            “What about ‘Let it go’ from Frozen?” Fatima answers, eyes hopeful as she leans forward in her seat. Niall pouts at her, an apologetic smile.

            “’Fraid I don’t know that one, darlin’. How ‘bout… Santa Claus is coming to town?” He grins, laughing when Thomas almost leaps out of his seat and Fatima nods her head in agreement. He strums the guitar a few times, trying out the cords before he gets the hang of it and picks up the tune. He starts off with ‘you better watch out’, and then he’s full into the spirit, singing to Thomas and Fatima with such  big smile that it spreads, spreads until people a few benches over are leaning forward to see what’s going on.

            When he’s finished, the kids clap enthusiastically along with the parents and Harry can’t take his eyes off of Niall. There’s a pink blush creeping up his neck once he’s realised he’s drawn in an audience, nodding a thanks before Thomas is asking for another one. A kid opposite them leaves his seat to sit in front, followed by a young pair of twins who sit on their knees and giggle with each other. Niall shares a panicked look with Harry, so he leans forward and whispers “Jona Lewie, stop the cavalry” in his ear.

            He starts by hitting his guitar to the tune, practically beaming when a mother bounces a baby on her knee and smiles at Niall. More kids appear after Niall’s gone through a few more songs, taking suggestions from the kids and a few from the adults – ‘Wham! Last Christmas!’ and soon enough, he’s caught the attention of everyone within a 10 metre radius. He’s on his feet now, as Harry sits back and watches with a fond smile. Niall looks back and grins, before dropping his voice down low and singing in a very purposely out of tune voice, “It was Christmas Eve, babe - ”

            When Niall’s looking at him, hopeful and cheeky, Harry curses to himself. He almost looks away, but then Niall winks to him and sings ‘this year’s for me and you’. He’s about to finish the first few lines and Harry knows what’s coming up, goes back to that Christmas after polishing off Zayn’s bottle of baileys when he and Niall sung along to the Louis’ CD player. He gets up and brushes off his trousers and there’s cheers around that makes him want to pretend he’s just getting up to go to the loo. But Niall’s smiling at him, finishing off the line ‘When all our dreams come true…’

            And then he’s strumming with so much enthusiasm, picking up the tune and everyone around them is clapping! It’s a sight, now he stands, can see everyone rows back standing and clapping along with grins on their faces. He joins in the singing on cue then, ‘They've got cars, big as bars, they've got rivers of gold. But the wind goes right through you; it’s no place for the old.’

Niall’s smile couldn’t get bigger, nudging Harry with his shoulder as he sings. They move on the spot, a fast kind of sway that has all the kids jumping up on their feet, squeals of laughter coming from every direction. And then people start getting on their feet and Harry feels a hand behind his back, being moved further forward until they’re both standing up on a wide bench and – wow. Everyone’s singing along, the place is so loud and Harry can see everyone in their area by the check in desk’s moving. People are stopping by, to get a look at the music. “You're a bum, you're a punk, you're an old slut on junk,” Niall sings in the best MacGowan voice, fitting right along with everyone trying to do the same.

“You scum bag, you maggot, you cheap lousy faggot, Happy Christmas your arse, I pray God it's our last.” Harry laughs along with the crowd, glancing around and noticing some staff gathered to the side, smiles on their faces. The song sadly comes to an end and everyone cheers, trying to high five Niall and Harry and he almost feels famous, feels like he could do this forever. He’s never had the nerve to sing in front of