Remus, with a slight frown. "At least, I don't think it would. I think you would have to know the exact book title. You couldn’t just point at a shelf and ask for "all the books on how to become an -" He dropped his voice to a whisper - "animagus, thank you very much.  At least, I don't think you could. Could you?"

 

He trailed off thoughtfully, his eyes drifting towards the clouds as if they held some kind of answer.

 

"Makes no difference, since I couldn't take all the books with me anyway," said James. "It would look too suspicious."

 

"They wouldn't see you, though," said Peter, puzzled.

 

"I mean the empty shelves. Bit of a giveaway. Pince is bound to notice a dozen books gone missing from the restricted section. I reckon she counts them every morning before breakfast. And there'll be all sorts of awkward questions if they notice what we've checked out. That's the last thing we want. Moony's got a point, you know."

 

"My way, I can spend all the time we need to find something that's actually any good," nodded Remus.

 

He looked quite relieved that James had come out on his side. Sneaking around under the cloak had never really been Remus's thing. He much preferred going about things the legitimate way, if at all possible. And even when it wasn’t.

 

"And none of you will be putting yourselves at risk."

 

He didn't say "just for my sake", but James heard it nonetheless. He wanted to say that he, Sirius and even Peter would risk more than detentions for Remus, but there were only so many times that you could say a thing before it got boring as hell.

 

"If you are going to do it," he said, instead. "Go on a Saturday, around half-four. You'll find McGonagall in the corridor near Dumbledore's office. You'll know it's her, she'll be the one step-dancing.”

 

He did not bother to explain.

 

The following Saturday, Remus dutifully went, with his speech rehearsed to a casual T, and the pre-written note in his hand. Remus had even made a little line with neat little ‘x’ where McGonagall was supposed to sign. He went alone because they all knew better than to jeopardise their chances.

 

“Excuse me, Professor…I was just wondering if… Actually, I have a bit of a favour to ask…”

 

He muttered as he went, and was distracted that he almost ran straight into some fifth year girls at the portrait hole.

 

“Doesn’t bode well,” remarked Sirius. He was stretched out on the chaise in front of the fire, adding to the Black Book. From where James was sitting, it looked like more arithmancy, no doubt for the map.

 

James shrugged.

 

“You never know,” he said. “She likes him more than any of us. Almost as much as she likes Evans. And she’s always in a good mood about now.”

 

“She’s still McGonagall,” replied Sirius, not looking up from his hideously complicated scribbles.

 

James had to agree to that. He knew that McGongall took tea with Dumbledore on Saturdays. But he also knew that Mcgonagall was, indeed, Mcgonagall. Indisputable fact, that was. All the tea in the world could not change it.

 

It was a fool’s hope, really, and he knew from the look on Moony’s face when he came back through the portrait hole that it had not gone their way.

 

Sirius steered a second year out of an armchair close to the fire, and Remus slumped into it wordlessly.

 

“Well? Did you do it?” asked Peter rather tremulously.

 

“What does it look like?” retorted Remus. He tossed the balled-up, utterly useless note into the fireplace where the flames licked it up merrily.

 

“Bad luck,” said James. He gave Remus’s shoulder a squeeze.

 

“I tried everything,” said Remus in an exasperated tone. “I told her it was for exam preparation, that I only wanted this particularly obscure and ancient book on animal transfigurations that I was sure would solve my problem with the writing desk assignment – you’ll remember mine still had crow’s feet at the end –“

 

“Oh, everyone remembers that, Remus,” drawled Sirius. “Travesty, wasn’t it, James?”

 

“Just dreadful, I could barely look at it,” replied James, out of habit.  

 

“ - but she wasn’t having it,” continued Remus. “She said that there was absolutely no reason why a fourth year student would need access to the restricted section and that – “

 

Here Remus hesitated, and his cheeks grew a little pink.

 

“ – that she was sure you two had put me up to it. For one of your, er, ‘hare-brained schemes’. And that I really oughtn’t let