he was always there for you. Promise.”	“Why did he leave the first time?” Boruto asked quietly. As much as he pretended not to care about his estranged, missing father, he was still hurt by his absence. He had close to no memories of him, nothing more than hazy muscle memories of a strong hand gripping his, of someone singing to him late at night,	“After you were born?” Sakura asked. When he nodded, she continued. “He said it was too much for him to bear. This village holds some… Heavy memories for him.”	“And then he can’t return for twelve whole years?!” Boruto cried contemptuously. “He sounds like a coward.”	Sakura’s face hardened. “Your fathers were the reason the war ended, Boruto. They are two of the most powerful Shinobi of all time. You’d do well to treat them with the respect they deserve.”	“The why the hell did he leave the village in the first place? He should be here, like a real Konoha Shinobi!” He was still crying, but Sakura didn’t seem to care anymore. 	That was when they heard footsteps down the stairs. It was Sarada, steps tentative as she turned the corner and took in the scene. “Boruto? Mom? What’s going on?” She was dressed in her pajamas, glasses askew atop her face and hair messy. She looked groggy, as if she’d just woken up. Boruto figured she had. To be completely honest, he had no idea what time it was. 	Ino was quick to usher her back up the stairs, jogging quickly as if thankful for a reason to move from where she’d been standing awkwardly in the doorway as she watched the two fight. “Sarada, sweetie, I’m sorry, but now’s not the time. Boruto’s just working through some stuff. We’ll tell you in the morning. ‘Kay?”	She looked confused, still not entirely awake, but allowed her mom to lead her away. “Okay…” 	As soon as she was gone, Sakura whipped back to Boruto. Her eyes were glassy. “Look, your father’s not a Konoha Shinobi. He’s not affiliated with any village. You should be glad he’s coming back at all.”	“He married my dad for a reason, right? So why did he just walk out?!”	“He. Did. Not.” She poked his chest for emphasis, face hard. “He didn’t want to leave you, okay? I’m sure he knows what he did.” Her voice cracked on the last word. 	“Then why the hell didn’t he come back?”	She sighed, placing her face in her hands. She let out a choked sob. “I’m not the one you need to talk to, Boruto. You need to go back home and talk to your dad.”	Boruto looked down, ashamed at how he’d ran away, and even more that he’d brought his aunt to tears. “I… I know. But I sort of just ran out on him.”	She looked up. Her eyes were puffy and red, as well as her nose. She was not a pretty crier. “Well that’s even more reason to go home! I’m sure he’s worried sick about you!”	Boruto nodded reluctantly. “Okay…”	He let her lead him to the front door. Before she shut it, he grabbed the door. “And, Sakura?”	She turned, already irritated, looking ready to just throw him out then and there.	“… Thanks.”	She immediately softened, opening the door fully and wrapping him in a hug. “Any time, Bolt. Ya goof.”

Hope you enjoyed! Constructive criticism, as always, is very much appreciated!

Gosh, I am SO SORRY this took so long! I've had a nasty bout of writer's block, and with school starting up it's taken a bit longer, but still... I can't pretend it's not mostly my own fault. So accept my deepest condolences :/In any case, I hope you enjoy this (admittedly shortish) chapter! I'll try to update as soon as humanly possible!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

As Boruto entered the apartment, the door creaked. He flinched as he heard a quiet, “Boruto?” That was Kakashi’s voice. 	“Yes?” He called back quietly.	Kakashi appeared from around the corner, looking relieved to see Boruto before his visible face hardened. “What were you thinking? Idiot! Do you know how worried Naruto was for you?”	Boruto looked down, ashamed. “I… I’m sorry.”	“You better be!” Kakashi snapped. “Your dad’s worked hard enough as it is, without you overreacting and running off at night!”	“I know, I said I’m sorry!” He grumbled, still not daring to face Kakashi.	A sigh from the man