sight of it anymore and looked away. They'd taken his boots too, he noticed bitterly. Most of his clothes were laundered and hung up on the back of a chair; his boots, socks, and hat nowhere to be found. They'd left him in his long-johns at least, preserving what little dignity he had left.

He mulled about the little room they'd put him in, restless and needing to stretch. He felt like a newborn colt on his feet, weak and wobbling from the time he'd spent down. Stubbornness kept him standing as he looked about. The bed tucked into the corner next to the window with a little wooden bedside table. There was a half-empty bottle of laudanum on it - McCree downed a gulp for the pain in his arm. On the other end of the room was a taller table with a wash-basin and pitcher, along with a dingy square of mirror hanging above it.

He examined himself in the mirror. "Jesse,” he told his reflection, “you look like shit."

 And he did. He'd slept for three days and he still had bags under his bloodshot eyes. Bruises and scrapes from the fight still lingered, giving his brown skin a sickly yellow-green tinge. Unbrushed hair stuck to his forehead from sweat, and cowlicks stuck out all over the place from his tossing. Somebody had re-set his nose while he was out, too. He dabbed at his face gingerly with the damp wash cloth, raked his hand through his hair, and sighed.

"Mighty fine situation you got yourself in, huh?" He muttered. "Dumb-ass motherfucker, you are. 'Hey fellas, let's rob a train!'" He pitched his voice up, pumping his fist with mock enthusiasm. He shuffled to the side, dropping his voice into a bewildered drone."'Gee, I dunno Jesse. Aren't them loco-motives protected?'"

"'Pshaw!'-" He tossed his head back flippantly. "'No more protected than a stage-coach! More money in 'em too!'

'What if there's marshals or army?'

'What's a couple of hay-chewin' marshals to us! We're the Deadlock Rebels!' Fuckin' smart-ass cocky piece of horse shit-" McCree clawed at his hair, gritting his teeth in frustration. "Urgh!"

"Aunt Luísa was right. I'd only get myself shot down or strung up hanging out with those bastards," he groaned. "I should've just- just listened better in Sunday School!  Joined a ranch or found a job up North- hell, I shoulda joined the army! But nooooo." He pin-wheeled his arms, grandstanding in the empty room. "I'm Jesse McCree and I'm gonna be a famous outlaw! Gonna be the rootin'-tootin'-est sharpshooter this side o' the Rio Grande!"

 

McCree crumpled in on himself, hugging his left arm to his chest with his right. It still hurt, dull and throbby and swollen, even with the laudanum. He felt small. Crushed. A doll handled too roughly with all the stitching undone on one side.

 "I'll never be able to count my fingers to ten again, now," he said and choked down a sobbing laugh. He snuffled, wiped his nose and patted his cheek. "Okay, c'mon now. Don't do that."

Sighing into his hand he flopped backwards on the bed, ignoring the coils that dug into his spine.  He closed his eyes and held still. A deep, suffocating feeling of sadness welled up in his chest. He was alone and broken down. The tears couldn't be held back anymore. McCree scrunched himself up into a ball on the little bed, sobs punctuating the silence.

Eventually, he cried himself out. He wiped his face, drank some water, and breathed. McCree stared out the window by his bed.

 The sun had shifted, buttery morning light turned into the white relentless heat of midday. He watched the breeze ruffle through the long prairie grass, distant mountains silhouetted in blue and lilac against a clear summer sky. A bumblebee droned lazily past his window. He watched it bury itself into a harebell, striped body wiggling as it ate. It probably didn't have a care in the world.

McCree let out a long, heavy sigh.

"Alright. You've got two options," he said to the bee. He held out his thumb, counting. "One, snitch out the gang, stay out of jail and get whole load o' enemies who know your face. Two, don't cooperate and get dead quicker, but not before being tortured by that- brujo motherfucker."

"So, which is it?" McCree asked the sky. "Uphold your honor as a thief and die like a criminal? Or live to fight another day like a coward?"

A puffy white raincloud drifted by overhead. It didn't answer his question. Pain flared up in his stump. He grits his teeth against