.  This is simply one of a hundred things they must sort out and learn to live with, together.  She reaches out a hand, and rubs the backs of her fingers up and down over his forearm until he looks at her.  She smiles, genuinely, brightly.  “Thank you for bringing me here.”

And as easily as that, the darkness is gone from his eyes, and he grins back.  Yes, he does indeed love her.  Deep down, in spite of everything the world and the curse might put between them, they are in love.  She is so very grateful for what she has now, for all that the future is sure to hold.  She is so grateful to have Rum again, to be with him, to no longer be haunted by the heartache of loneliness and missing him.  Being with him, loving him, warms her heart and makes her so brilliantly happy in a way she never was before, not before the curse, not even before she met him.  And though things are still difficult, she trusts that he’s in this until the end, and that they’ll figure things out, somehow, eventually, together.

And this, now, the grass and the moon and the fireflies, this peaceful bit of nature, may go a long way towards healing her soul.  She caresses the back of her hand against the grass beneath her, soft and cool and slightly damp, and so very exquisite.  She turns her cheek into the grass as well, and wonders vaguely what it might feel like all against her bare back, her legs and arms and hips.  She thinks it would feel so wonderful to make love on a bed of grass.

She feels her cheeks flush with the thought, and puts the idea out of her mind.  It’s such a silly little fantasy, and strange, and there is no point in indulging ideas of something she can’t do.

But then her eyes fall on Rum again, peaceful and quiet, watching the fireflies dance.  She bites hesitantly at her lip.  Why on earth can’t she do it?  What is there to stop her, beyond her own thoughts?  She’s in love and free and happy, and why the hell shouldn’t she try anything she damn well pleases?

Seizing on a sudden burst of courage, she sits up, threads her fingers around his neck, and pulls him in for a kiss.  It surprises him, so she rubs little circles at the base of his skull, just how he likes, until he relaxes and lets her kiss him more deeply.  Her heart races, just a little nervous, as she teases his lower lip and moves her fingers down to the buttons of his shirt, picking them open one by one.  She’s halfway down his chest by the time he realizes what she’s doing, and he pulls back just far enough to look into her eyes.  “Here?” he whispers.

She smiles.  “Why not?”  She must look hopeful and eager, and he must understand why she wants this, because she can see him push away a protest before he resumes the kiss.

She deepens the kiss, and hums blissfully when his tongue enters her mouth.  before she can finish the buttons on his shirt, , he slides his hands beneath her open borrowed shirt, and caresses slow, gentle patterns over her shoulders and arms as he eases it off of her.  She rewards him by lightly sucking on his tongue and teasing it with her own.

She returns to his half-buttoned shirt, eager to get it off of him.  As she nears the last few buttons, he cups her breasts through the thin fabric of her dress.  She presses into his hands, distracted from her task as his thumbs tease over her nipples.  She nearly tears off the last two buttons of his shirt before she yanks it out from the waist of his pants.  Her hands fly to his chest, pressing into his warm skin and the subtle, strong muscles beneath.  His hands leave her breasts as he tugs off his shirt, and she whimpers at the lost touch.

She feels the muscles in his chest move, and a moment later he's gripping her by her hips and pulling her to straddle his lap.  She squeaks in surprise, breaking the kiss.  He pulls her impossibly close, chest to chest.  She can feel his erection beneath her, so she pulls herself closer still, grinding her hips against him and pulling a strangled groan from his throat.  He presses a kiss to her neck, hot and determined, and he wraps his arms around her back to find the zipper of her dress.

The sensation of his hands against her bare back barely registers - instead she leans her head back, her arms wrapping tightly around his shoulders for support, and marvels at the sensations as he worships her neck.  He kisses and nips and worries her skin, licks that wonderful little spot behind her ear, and gently sucks the point of her racing pulse, staking his claim to her with a mark on her skin.  His lips stay there, in that perfect spot against