.”

“Atta girl,” Gilbert praised, snaking an arm over her shoulder. “We’ll split after that beer, though, we don’t want you getting blackout drunk. Remember, we’ve got your bucket list to work on!”

Bobbing her head in a loopy nod, Eva took another long drink from her water glass. Her thoughts bounced around in her head and her body felt like it was made of both lead and clouds all at once. She knew if Vash ever found out about this, she’d never be allowed to leave the house again, and in a strange way, she reveled in that. She was constantly doted upon for being such a sweet, poised little lady, while her old high school friends exercised their newfound freedom by partying and hooking up. Before, those kind of antics didn’t appeal to her; she was making the best of her time focusing on her education, which she personally found fun. Besides, what’s more important that a person’s reputation?

But sitting in the bar, probably drunk, with an older male coworker, she wondered why one’s image really mattered in the first place. Whatever happened to, “it’s what’s on the inside that counts” and “judging people by the content of their character”? Eva herself tried not to judge others, but she realized that subconsciously, she too was prone to evaluating others’ worth by their outer appearance. Take Gilbert; she thought that because he was in a dead-end job without a formal education that he would be “less of a gentleman”. Instead, he was holding doors for her, buying her food and drinks, and encouraging her to follow her own heart, for once.

“So, blondie, what’s next?” Gilbert asked, as if on cue.

“Well… There’s a tradition at my university that you have to go skinny-dipping in the lake near the aquatics center before you graduate…” Even though her inhibitions had lowered, she still lowered her gaze shyly. 

“What are we waiting for then?” he blurted, slapping cash onto the bar before hopping out of his stool and pulling her towards the door. 

“Hey!” she fumed, digging her heels into the floor. “Have a little self-respect! I never said I’d let you watch.”

He could have been bowled over with a mere feather; which was what she was. He should have gotten her drunk and pushed her buttons a long time ago—it was even cuter than sober, flustered Eva! Gilbert laughed and put an arm around her to help steady her. “You’re right, that was not very genteel of me. I’ll hold your clothes and keep my back turned. Deal?”

She looked down at his extended hand, narrowing her eyes in faux suspicion, as she tried to conceal a sly little smile. “Okay,” she relented, giving his hand a surprisingly firm shake before he helped her back out to the car.

Gilbert pulled over in front of the university’s aquatics building after a short drive from the downtown district, shooting her a wolfish grin as he turned out his headlights. She had apparently sobered up slightly on the way there, because she seemed a little more nervous than she had back at the bar. He took her hand and squeezed it gently. “You got this, babe.”

She returned with a delayed nod, finding herself leaning in towards him in the darkness of his car. But not soon enough; before she realized it, the driver’s side door was slammed shut and Gilbert opened her own, offering a hand to help her out. Eva took his hand and swallowed her disappointment; the night was still young, and there was plenty of time for a kiss later. She was surprised at herself at the impulsive instinct, but also a little proud. 

Eva was doing all these things she never would have dreamed she’d do yesterday. She didn’t want to credit Gilbert for all of it, even though he had sparked the daring fire ablaze inside her, because it still took a lot of nerve on her part. They walked hand-in-hand down the hill to the edge of the water as the black water lapped at the shore, dotted by the bright moon and stars.

The cicadas and the frogs sang a midsummer duet as Eva slipped off her black patent leather flats and daintily set them aside. Facing the lake, she untucked her plain white blouse and began to unbutton it; when she glanced over her shoulder, she noticed that Gilbert was still watching and hissed lightly, “Hey!”

“Oops, forgot.” He snickered, grinning mischievously, before he obeyed. 

She smiled to herself as she removed her blouse and pencil skirt, folding them neatly and handing them to Gilbert over his shoulder. Taking a quick glance at her surroundings, she quickly shimmied out of her pantyhose and undergarments, wrapping the latter up in her pantyhose when she realized how plain and perhaps “childish” they were. As she reached over his shoulder again to hand him