closer to Niall, the person he was really truly comfortable with before the blond laughed softly and nudged him with his elbow.

"Liam and I need to go see Ms. Morales, Louis and Harry, can I trust you guys to watch over Zayn? He's valuable," Niall says as he and Liam stand. Zayn looks a little scared up at the blond who smiles down at him. "You're alright. It'll only be a little bit and I'll find you later, yeah?" Niall knocks Zayn's chin before he nods at the table and proceeds to follow Liam out the door.

When Zayn turns back to the two guys in front of him after watching his best friend leave, they both look at him expectantly. "Wh-what? Is there something on my face?" Zayn stammers.

Louis and Harry, on the other hand, laugh loudly and shake their heads. "You like Niall, huh?"

This question reverberates in Zayn's subconscious for the rest of his life, but in that moment, he thought he was losing oxygen. "No! What? Niall's just my only friend here and I'm kind of a social wreck without him." Zayn looks down to his math sheet that doesn't hold his interest anymore, before looking back up to the two guys before him. "He's just a friend."

"Well if that's what you call a friend, how about you put two more people on that list, sweets," Harry says. Him and Louis giggle again before they turn to Zayn. Zayn's never had more than one or two friends and definitely has never had friends on the popular end of the spectrum. It's a little sobering, the thought that people actually like him.

So Louis and Harry become a focal point in his life, the two guys always around and always hanging out with him. Zayn sees Liam less and sees Niall less, and Zayn can't help but find the competition in there. He knows vaguely about the Louis and Liam problems and he hates that they can't get along, but it's really none of his business.

"Morning, Zed," Louis says to him when he finds him by the courtyard one morning. Zayn looks up from his phone and smiles at his best friend. "Who were you texting?"

"Just Niall, Lewis. Said we need to hang out because it's been too long. Said you guys are taking me away from him." Zayn snickers, his eyes drifting back to his phone when it vibrates. Another text from Niall pours in, something about meeting him this morning, and Zayn hastily agrees.

"We are not taking you away from him. More like you chose the right friends." Zayn laughs at Louis's words out loud before another message comes in, this one telling Zayn to find Niall in the gym in a few minutes.

"Yeah yeah, well, I'm gonna chill with him this morning. Like, that cool?" Zayn asks softly. Louis looks at him incredulously before nodding.

"You don't have to ask, ya know. What are we gonna do, hold you from your best mate?" The words make Zayn blush but he nods his head and grabs his things. "Go ahead, have fun."

Zayn does go ahead and he finds Niall in the gym where he's kicking a soccer ball with another guy. Zayn doesn't wanna intrude so he silently makes his way over to where Niall's bag is to fetch his headphones. Zayn's had broken the night before and he was going to take advantage of this.

Sitting on the bleachers, Zayn shuffled his music and watched his best mate kick around the ball. He looked unnecessarily good, slightly glowing with the sheen of sweat on his face. His thin white tee clung to his back and his gray gym shorts bounced with the way his knees moved. Zayn couldn't deny to himself or to Louis and Harry or to anybody that he found Niall very attractive. He was loud and brash and he liked sports and he was popular and he was the total opposite to Zayn, but he liked him. Something about the stark differences and the subtle similarities made Zayn so strongly attracted to Niall and it did shock him.

He didn't notice the end of practice until a sweaty presence made itself known in front of him.

"Zen!" Niall yells. When Zayn still doesn't acknowledge him, he shakes out his sweaty head like a dog and Zayn looks up in absolute horror.

"Niall, you ass!" Zayn pulls out both headphones as he stares up at Niall in mock disgust. His eyes are just so blue and his lips are so pink and Zayn could swear Niall looked at his lips too. The mood is quickly killed though when the overbearing smell of sweat and boy makes Zayn plug his nose. "Go shower, you oaf. You smell awful."

Niall looks down at his friend with a wide smile and an outstretched hand. "You smell awful. Now c