damage with Lucio behind her healing/speeding us up. Junket will be behind the payload dealing damage from afar with Mccree standing by him in case of anyone coming too close for Junkrat to deal with. That just leaves '76 who I assume will be upfront with D.Va and Lucio which means I should be behind with Mccree and Junkrat giving them heals while Lucio takes care of D.Va and '76' in the mist of your thinking you bump directly into your bedroom door causing you to fall flat on your ass. You whip your head around to make sure if anyone saw looks like you were lucky and no one else was around, quickly making your way into your room you pack everything you think you need into your blue duffle bag and flop down onto your bed gladly letting sleep take you into its sweet embrace.

Finally you're on your first mission but something isn't quite right


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"Agent you are leaving for the mission in Dorado in 2 hours, it would be wise for you to pack your things." you hear Athenas fresh voice radiate in your room "alright thank you Athena!" you call out from under your covers. You groan as you quite literally "Fall out of bed." and you stumble to your coset to find your suitcase only to see that it isn't where you left it; "Athena? Where's my suitcase?" Athena somehow understands you even if you practically yawned that sentence "It seems as it is already packed and ready to the ship." It sounded odd that's more time in your pocket, so you decide on a quick shower and then into your gear. 

The shower is colder than what most people would deem comfortable but you needed to be more alert, this was your first mission after all. 

After your shower, you quickly slipped on your clothes (some slim fitting black sweats and a long sleeved t-shirt) and promptly left your room to run to the dropship.

Once you stood on the dropship, you noticed your suitcase with a small note attached.“I know how much ya needed sleep, so I packed for ya!” the handwriting was crude you had a good inkling of who wrote it.“Sweet as always, Jamie.” You quietly say to yourself as you are unexpectedly embraced from behind.

"G'day!" a familiar voice exclaimed as you felt a pair of arms wrap around your waist and pick you high off the ground. "Jeez Jamie! you scared the hell outta me!" you laugh at your best friend as he swings your body around; you don't exactly know how you and Junkrat aka Jamie became close friends if anything you should dislike each other but you two just clicked as soon as you were recruited as an overwatch agent.

A few minutes after everyone had taken their seats on board the ship you hear Athena begin the countdown for takeoff. " setting a course for dorado. Taking flight in T minus 10, 9, 8, 7-" you look around the ship and see D.va playing on her handheld with Lucio by her side. Mccree and Solider are casually chatting by themselves, and Junkrat completely ignores the sign about not getting up and stumbles over to you with a toothy smile. "-6 5 4 3 2 1" you feel the ship lift off the ground with ease and you sink back into your chair ready for the long road ahead. 

You hadn't realised that you'd fallen asleep until you open your eyes to see the world is on its side, well you are at least. The next few minutes are a blur as you feel yourself being pulled up onto your feet with you suitcase shoved into your hands "C'mon sleepy head grumpy 76 has booked us a hotel!" Junkrat says giddily beside you, and you let him pull you along.

The hotel you arrive at is far from lavish, but it has a sweet "homely" charm to it the lady at the front is well into her 50's, but her spirit is young. She gladly shows you all to your rooms, of course with Overwatch still technically being illegal Winston had to be discrete when buying the rooms so instead of buying six separate rooms Winston bought one bedroom with six beds. 

 

Apparently when the lady said six beds she meant two king beds and one sofa bed "Oi! so whos sharin?" Junkrat said through a yawn as he threw his duffle somewhere into the apartment-like room. "I don't mind" Lucio yawned as he sat down atop one of the queen beds. "I'll share with ya then!" Junkrat quite literally threw himself onto the queen bed with Lucio." D.va had already fallen asleep in the other king bed with McCree on the other side slipping off his boots which meant that you were sharing with Soldier.

You took off everything besides your shirt and underwear and slipped under the covers of the sofa bed. When you realised soldier was still standing above you completely clothed you asked: "You getting in sir?" The man above you only gave a quick grunt and moved to the other side.

The mattress