He never says things that are unimportant. France has the decency to look abashed and retrieves the cigarette butt.

There’s a growing rumble of a car coming in from down the road. Finland cranes his neck to get a better view of the long-outdated hybrid puttering up the path. Somewhere behind him, Estonia says, “I just got a message from Japan. He just instilled a law forcing some of his citizens to move to refugee camps at Australia’s place. He can’t support his growing population.”

“Australia won’t be able to handle all these people pouring in for very long,” England says. “And Russia is already taking in people from China.”

Someone asks, voice small, “Will we survive this?” But they all ignore the speaker.

The car pulls over on the side near some of the stationary equipment, and America hurdles out from the passenger’s seat. Even from a distance, Finland can see the dark circles under his eyes and the sloppiness of his dress. They all seem to look like this these days. America bounds over to them, his mouth working as quickly as his feet. “Sorry I’m late, I got confused at the airport. I couldn’t get the name of this place right. Your names are complicated, Finland.” A pencil is balanced jauntily behind one ear and his glasses are slightly askew, emphasising the near-manic gleam in his wide smile. There’s a faded coffee stain on the edge of his collar and his tie hangs undone over his neck. “What’s this place called again?” America asks, pulling a crumpled map out of his pocket. “Kolky?”

“Kolky is in Ukraine,” Finland tells him. “This is Olkiluoto.”

America makes a face and shoves the map back into his pocket. “I was close.”

“America,” the one with the soft voice says suddenly, “you need to move your incoming refugees further north. I can’t uproot my own people to make more space for yours.”

“Where’s Russia?” England asks, which is much more important.

“Still back at the space agency with Germany and the guys,” America replies. He squints off at the remaining tunnel. “I told them I’d update them when I got back.” There’s an unmistakeable jitteriness to him, and Finland realises that he probably has not slept in days. America says brightly, “We think we might have enough research to plan an expedition to Mars. Try and get the atmosphere to our liking and stuff.” He rubs at his nose. “We just need the cash.”

Norway laughs.

Estonia mutters, “It’ll be worth it if the trip is a success.” His eyes are completely obscured by a film of greasy fingerprints on his glasses.

Stung, America’s eyebrows arch upwards and his thin shoulders hunch in on themselves. “It will be!”

There’s silence after that, and the workers by the tunnel begin mixing cement to form the final plug for the hole. It will be a relief to see the last traces of that unfathomable darkness vanish. To know the scalding heat of its poison is fettered back.

“I’ll be thrilled to have all my canisters out of interim storage,” England says mildly. He peers up at Sweden, asking, “Your system will be finished soon, I believe?”

Sweden nods. “In another ten years, at best.”

America looks up from his cellphone. His text messages with Germany are filled with the word ‘colonise.’ His fingers are shaking. “Finland,” he says, “did you ever figure out what you’re going to put in front of the entrance?” He pauses, considering. “Or what’s gonna be left of it?”

“What possible kind of warning could one put up?” Norway wonders. “How can you possibly keep people away for 100,000 years? These dangers will always be present.”

France murmurs something about this being a better alternative. “At least this is a much safer environment to house the spent fuel. All the aboveground facilities are in constant danger of terrorist attack and natural disasters. Much more concerning.”

Finland’s vision wavers as he looks at Norway. “You think that people will try breaking into the tunnel?”

Norway shrugs one shoulder. “Didn’t we enter the pyramids?” There’s a heavy silence, and Norway continues, “There is no guarantee that the humans of the future will remember the importance of these tunnels. The curiosity of mankind is something just as eternal as death—perhaps even more so. How can we possibly succeed where all our ancestors failed? We cannot expect humans to sit by idly and not be tempted to examine. It’s unrealistic.”

“You think ONKALO will fail?” England says. He butchers the pronunciation.

“I think,” Norway says, “that humans will always be the source of their undoing. If it isn’t through war, then it’s through their need to sate their curiosity.”

“Then why are we even doing all