curl into Bucky’s shirt, from the brush of Bucky’s mouth over Steve’s, from the brush of one tongue against the other, the hum of discontent in the distance becomes an increasingly loud pile of noise.

There are three words Bucky is not allowed to say. He can feel them all he wants, as long as he keeps them to himself. He knows Steve feels them, too, and won’t let himself say them because for Bucky, hearing and saying would amount to the same. As long as they don’t say those words, as long as Steve could be gone on the next stiff breeze, they can pretend this is just something little and soft and nice to come home to, not all encompassing and big as all outdoors.

So they snap at each other instead. Snap, bite, smack and shove, Bucky makes Steve stumble once and his heart quivers on the edge of horrified breaking until Steve gets his balance back and headbutts Bucky’s chest so hard he bruises. It’s while that bruise is still healing, still green and yellow and tender, that Bucky pins Steve to the door of the apartment, bracketing him between his hands and sealing off escapes with his feet planted apart.

"I want to," he says, low and firm, meeting Steve’s eyes before going up to kiss along the line of his floppy blond hair.

"You want to what?" Steve growls, because he doesn’t like being pinned in and Bucky knows it, it reminds him of hospitals and iron lungs and incubators and TB wards and-

"I want to," he says again, drawling it out, gentling it, his wrinkled brow, the bridge of his once-broken nose, a lip still split from a brawl outside a bar last weekend. "I think we oughtta."

"Oh, Christ," Steve complains, blushing up all Irish and pretty, and Bucky’d have him against the damn door if he weren’t a gentleman.

"You’re gonna let me anyway," Bucky needles him, plucking Steve’s curled fists from his sides and bringing them up to kiss his scraped knuckles and charcoal dust. "Why not now? Why not tonight, baby?"

"Christ," Steve swears again, his hands, as soon as Bucky lets them go, fisting in Bucky’s work shirt, which is half-untucked and half-unbuttoned and half-sweaty all at once. "You’re actually serious."

"I want to," Bucky says, hemming him in even closer now that he’s not fighting it. "I want to, I want to. You want me to, if you’re honest. Me before anybody, right? Why not tonight, baby boy? Let me."

"Christ," Steve cringes, folds in and down, glows so pretty, that blush goes all the way down, Bucky knows it does, knows it’s reaching for Steve’s nipples even now, soft and pink like sugar candy, and he wants them in his fingers and under his palms and in his teeth and- “Okay. Okay, fine, just- not until it’s dark and stop looking at me like that.”

"I’m gonna make it so good," Bucky promises, pinning Steve to the door with his hips and sucking his word into the side of Steve’s neck. "Gonna make you feel so good, Stevie, you’ll never-"


you’ll never want anybody else

you’ll always be mine

you’ll never be able to take it back

you’ll never want to


"Yeah, yeah," Steve mutters, making a good show, even though it’s just them, of being appalled, of shoving Bucky back, of pulling himself free, of reclaiming his personal space. "Yeah, I’m sure. Stuff it. Christ."

He could take offense, and maybe he should, let on how much it hurts when Steve pretends he doesn’t want it, doesn’t crave it near as much as Bucky does, when he acts like he doesn’t fall apart when Bucky touches him, like his knees don’t threaten to give out when Bucky kisses him, like he doesn’t reach for it, pull it in, pull it close, savor it, like he’s put out after when Bucky wraps around him and holds him tight and never acts like he’s going to break. Steve has to act like this. He has to, he’s not allowed to like it as much as Bucky does.

It hurts, it stings, it’s acid and it’s bitter, but Bucky’s got it easy and he knows it. He can be mad sometimes, he ain’t perfect, but he gets over it and lets it go because he knows the rules, too, and really, Bucky’s not making any sacrifices here. It doesn’t cost him anything he wouldn’t already give Steve, hasn’t already been giving Steve forever anyway.