to just fucking fuck her already, Jesus Christ. Georgia had. Georgia had fucked her right there in the yawning-open window, yanked Amy's hair back so her throat and tits and belly were bared in a long nude column to anyone with half a mind to look and see, and Amy had come with Georgia fingering her dripping cunt, gasping and clenching all around the thick length of Georgia's cock hard in her ass; and then Amy had got down on her knees and sucked it when Georgia told her to.

Amy had actually wanted to move, in the end.

It makes her chest hurt. In any relationship, her mom had told her once, in her soft, accented English, many years ago when even that was, between them, a concession; In any relationship, everyone must do ninety percent of the work. Amy has always known what her mother meant. Amy knows Georgia doesn't always see what Amy does, for the two of them; so it follows that Amy doesn't see everything that Georgia does, either. But Paris! They had talked about Paris, for years upon years, had planned it, together; and then Georgia had not only gone without her, but had come within an accidental half-hour's window of not even letting Amy know. Amy had moved to Chicago for her, left her family and her friends and her entire goddamned life behind, and then got home early on a Friday night in March to Georgia packing for a trip to Paris, without her.

Amy has an iPhone cable in her bag. The Thunderbird icon is still waiting at the right of her laptop screen, unopened. 

She doesn't plug her phone in. She doesn't check her mail. Instead she tabs over to her HTML color picker, to find a better option for the Bletcher, Bletcher, & Johnson background, which needs to be—in the words of the client—a browner blue.

* * *

Amy doesn't get home until eight, in the end. An hour at the cafe didn't shake off her doldrums, and the rest of the afternoon in the office didn't help much, either. She flicks on the light over the entryway and dumps her bag and her coat and her boots and then, because she can't stand it, she peels off the grey cashmere sweater that Georgia gave her for Christmas and unbuttons her filmy peachy-pink tie-necked blouse and slips out of the long-sleeved cotton t-shirt she wore instead of a camisole because honestly, how do people even live here, and then struggles with the hook on her bra between her tits and rolls down her pencil skirt and tights and panties together because she hates her work clothes, hates them, hates them. She pads naked into the bedroom and puts her three sweaters and yoga pants from the morning back on, then deposits herself on the couch with the electric blanket, exhausted and miserable, without turning on any of the rest of the lights.

She can just see the huge, framed painting hanging above their TV. It used to hang on the wall over their bed, in their studio in Portland, where they hadn't had a TV. The new apartment is nicer, of course. It's a one-bedroom, and they've replaced the folding table with a wide, modern-looking three-drawer desk for Georgia and a rolling laptop stand that Amy can pull over to the couch. All their furniture matches. Most of it came from Ikea. The painting over the TV is one of Vicky's, a bonfire in darkness, from her senior portfolio show. Their whole group had gone camping at Cannon Beach the summer after their second year, with a cooler full of cheap beer and four cars full of kids, and Amy kind of overdid it on mushroom tea and they all smoked too much of Kevin from Olympia's truly first-rate weed. At Cannon Beach, Amy and Rob and David had gone skinny-dipping and nearly frozen to death, and then somehow Amy had ended up fingerfucking Ilana to Georgia's direction in the cargo area of Kevin's sea-blue Subaru Forester, while Ilana panted and begged for it like all the straight girls do and Georgia had stroked Amy's hair. Vicky had painted the bonfire after they got back. Even now, with only the dim bulb in the entryway on, the reds and oranges glow, and the darkness is so deep and velvety that Amy can almost sink into it. Amy and Georgia had fallen in love with the painting at Vicky's portfolio show, so Vicky had given it to them afterwards, in exchange for two months in a sleeping bag on their rug after the dorms closed and a frozen Tupperware container full of their homemade vegan chili to take with her when she left.

It's Friday night. Amy can barely tell. She looks at the five empty pizza boxes stacked up by the four empty wine bottles on the kitchen counter and feels like the worst kind of cliché. What is she doing here, even