missed the seven o’clock one and my parents went out.

He called Harry and he said he was going out with his friend, Nick. Louis and Niall were at Louis’s house and said that Liam could join them at the cafe for coffee at nine, but Liam thought maybe Zayn’s mom was wrong and Zayn was only getting a ride to his house from Danny, not going to the school game at all. So he stayed home to wait.

He didn’t come - Zayn didn’t come.

This time, Liam called Zayn’s cell, but he didn’t pick up.

The house seems cole and overly quiet when it’s empty. Liam read a little and watched Tv, and made himself some noodles.

It seems stupid, but by ten o’clock he was crying. He had dialed Zyn three more times and finally decided to leave a message on the fourth. He choked out the most relaxed sound and said after the tone; “Hey, it’s Liam. I somehow thought we had plans tonight? I guess I was wrong. But give me a call.”

Zayn called at midnight. Liam’s parents weren’t home yet. Zayn had said he left his phone in Danny’s car when they all went out to McDonald’s to celebrate after the game and he had just gotten the message, and that Liam sounded upset and what was wrong?

“I’m not upset,” Liam said, “I thought you were coming over today.”

“I went to the game with Danny,” He said, “It was excellent. Anthony scored six times.”

“Didn’t you say you were coming over?” Liam asked.

Zayn was silent before he spoke roughly, “We see each other like everyday.”

“I know.” He whispered.

“So I need to go out with the guys sometimes, that’s all.” Zayn explained.

“That’s fine,” Liam said, “I don’t care. I just thought we had plans tonight.”

“Danny just came over and picked me up. He practically kidnapped me.”

“Oh, so you did know we had plans? I was waiting for you.”

“He really wanted me to go. I swear he pulled me out and wouldn’t even let me get my coat.” Zayn said before sighing, “Li. Sometimes I feel like you want me all to yourself.”

“That’s not it Zayn, you’re telling me you knew we had plans but you went to the game anyways. How do you think that makes me feel? You didn’t even call.”

“I forgot.”

“Forgot to call or forgot we had plans?”

“Liam.”

“What, Zayn?”

“Why are you being so insecure?”

“I am not insecure,” Liam said - even though he was. “I spent my whole Saturday night sitting at home, alone.”

“Well, why didn’t you go out? You could have gone to the game or somewhere with Niall. Or Louis. Whatever.”

“I didn’t do anything because I had plans with you!” Liam cried.

There was a pause. “You’re getting too worked up over this.” Zayns said.

Liam sniffled. He hoped Zayn could hear him crying over the phone and would realize what a jerk he is.

“Are you ok?” He finally asked.

“Of course.” Although Liam obviously wasn’t.

“I just went to the game with some guys.”

“That’s not the point.”

“It’s not a big deal.”

“Don’t you wanna know what the point is?”

“I’m tired Liam. You’re being oversensitive.”

“Ok.” Liam said, but he didn’t hang up.

“I’m gonna go, now, Li.” He said.

“Ok. Go then.”

“All right. I’m hanging up. Good night.” And the line went dead.

That was it, no I love you, no I’ll see you tomorrow, no nothing.

*

Never did Zayn stop kissing Liam the way he always kissed him, like it mattered hugely, putting his hands on Liam’s cheeks. Never did Zayn stop coming over to Liam’s house, rooting around the fridge, pulling Liam into his bedroom, the minute his parents went outside on the deck, so that they could make out on the bed and feel the warm bare skin up each others shirts.

When Liam called, Zayn always said, “Oh, I’m glad it’s you.”

When they watched a movie, he always held Liam’s hand.

Zayn still put notes in his cubby almost everyday, with jokes or little stories or poems about him.

The next day, they went to see a movie. Zayn didn’t reach over and hold Liam’s hand like usual, but when Liam reached over to take his instead, Zayn stroke his palm. Zayn dropped him off at the edge of the dock without coming in, like