for a second, appeared confused, and then her hand dropped down to her chest where she curled it into a fist.

“O-Obviously that’s the only reason why you would go through the whole charade of making friends with me,” said Touko. Her violet eyes squinted harshly. “I’m the Super High School Level Heir, heir to the Fukawa Conglomerate. I’ve m-made billions of yen on my own merits, so don’t think that I’m an airhead who isn’t wise to the underhand tactics of a pleb such as yourself!”

By the time she finished talking, Touko had stretched out her arm, directed her index finger toward Kyouko and was shouting.

A couple of seconds passed.

“Sure,” said Kyouko. She turned away and started to walk off.

“Eh? What are you doing?” Touko spluttered. Kyouko peered over her shoulder and watched Touko wave her arms indignantly. “You can’t just ask me about myself and then leave without a word about yourself!”

“I am Kyouko Kirigiri. I am the Super High School Level Fighter,” said Kyouko, tired of having to say this to everyone. She should have announced it as soon as she arrived at the entrance hall.

Touko stopped flapping her arms. “F-Fighter? S-So that’s what you are...”

Her surprise melted in anger’s heat.

“But... But you’ve got a similar body type to the other girls,” said Touko. “You’ve got to be lying.”

“There is no reason for me to lie about that,” said Kyouko. “Goodbye.”

This time, she left for real and headed over to the next available person. As Kyouko introduced herself to the guy with the leather jacket and hoodie combo, Touko’s grumbling fading away somewhere behind her, Kyouko thought to herself how this guy would be the fifth person that she learned about, and how she was only a third of the way done.

The whole arrangement was needlessly bothersome.

“Kirigiri-san? Um, Kirigiri-san? Are you okay?” said the guy.

Kyouko flinched. “Hm? Did you say something?”

The guy rubbed the back of his head and let out a sigh. “You zoned out...”

She thought he would get mad but he shot a grin at her. His dull hazel eyes showed no hints of annoyance at Kyouko’s lack of enthusiasm.

“It’s nice to meet you. My name is Makoto Naegi,” he said. Makoto’s light brown hair stuck out in several tufts, the largest being on the top of his head, and his leather jacket, pierced ears and tight black jeans really didn’t suit such a friendly guy. Kyouko eyed him with suspicion. “I’m the Super High School Level Gambler.”

“Gambler...? Isn’t there a Super High School Level Good Luck student in our class too?” asked Kyouko.

“Y-Yeah,” replied Makoto, wilting a bit. “You don’t think we’re too similar, do you?”

“It depends what sort of games you gamble on.”

Makoto perked up. “Well, there are some where the outcome is determined by sheer luck, like bingo or roulette. But even games that are more dependent on skill like card games are influenced by luck, and I haven’t lost a single game yet...”

He met Kyouko’s eyes and laughed. She just stared at him until he spoke again. This time, he talked in a calmer tone.

“S-Sorry, I must be boring you,” he said, and she might have almost missed his passion from earlier. “What about you? I didn’t see much information about you on the Hope's Peak Academy thread.”

Kyouko combed the fingers of one hand through her hair and gave a small flick of her head. “I am the Super High School Level Fighter, hailing from the Kirigiri Family. My dojo is in a secluded area and I only left for tournaments. That’s most likely why there was little information about me available.”

“Oh.”

A small, unhelpful remark like that indicated to Kyouko that the conversation ended, so she turned away from him and scanned the crowd for someone else to talk to.

“Did you have many friends, Kirigiri-san?” asked Makoto, who apparently hadn’t meant his ‘oh’ to be the final part of their exchange.

She didn’t answer immediately.

“I had my family, mostly.” Kyouko narrowed her eyes and turned back to him. “Why are you asking me that?”

He showed Kyouko his palms and quickly explained, “It’s just, this would be your first time hanging out with other people your age.”

“Hm,” she went, and then she saw something that piqued her curiosity. Everyone had loosely gathered around in front of a large, circular doorway, and she chose now to investigate it, allowing herself a break from orthodox introductions.

Up close, she found it to be a bulkhead, firmly sealed. It