a few steps closer to Harry, her peach scent intensifying.  “So, did you...  catch anything on tv last night?” she asks in a soft, sultry voice. Harry opens his mouth, but all he can do is stutter and stumble over his words.  The more he tries, the worse it gets, and he bites his lips together to save himself from further embarrassment.  He can’t even look at an amused Liam without breaking a sweat, and focuses on the large potted plant down the hallway over her shoulder instead. “Hmm, that good, huh?” she remarks casually with a smirk.Had the best seat in the house, Harry thinks to himself, mindful of where his eyes wander on her body. “You’re all dressed up,” he finally points out to change the subject.  “Where you off to?” “Just going dancing with some girls from work.  Do I look all right?” “You look amazing,” Harry says with a sudden rush of confidence.  “You’re so stunning, your coworkers will be crying in the club ‘cause everyone’s looking at you and not them.  They should’ve just stayed home if you ask me.” A flattered Liam ducks her head to smile, tucking her hair back behind an ear with a quiet, “Harry, stop...” “It’s true, though,” he tells her knowingly.  “You’ve always looked beautiful and now, now everything’s amplified by a thousand percent you’re even more—jeez, I’m running my mouth,” Harry laughs, embarrassed, but Liam keeps on smiling. “Is that box wine between your legs?” she asks, pointing at the floor. “What?  Oh, yeah,” Harry looks down and laughs, tapping the box with the heel of his boot.  “White zinfandel, mashed potatoes, and a medium rare steak for dinner—the meal of champions.” “A true cowboy’s feast,” she grins.  “Didn’t take you for a white zin man, though, I’m a little surprised.” “Someone brought it in at work, but nobody wanted it, the poor thing,” he tsks, making Liam laugh.  “And personally, I just can’t let a free box of cheap alcohol go to waste.” Liam’s phone beeps loudly from inside of the clutch she’s holding, distracting Harry enough to finally look away.  “The girls are here!  How’s my dress looking?” she asks, giving Harry a 360 view of her entire outfit. “Absolutely perfect,” he winks at her, and Liam swats his arm in jest. She takes a few steps away then does an about face, her hair swinging around so fast it almost knocks Harry off his feet.  Liam slithers up to him, her berry-stained lips just mere inches away from his when she asks, “Could you come over to my place tomorrow?” “What, um, did er–do you need help with something?” he nervously asks, his heart beating fast. Liam gives him a quizzical look, then grins deviously.  “I do, actually!  I could use a pair of hands like yours.” “What time do you need me?” “Three o’clock and not a minute later.” “I’ll be there,” he nods.  Liam leans forward and Harry holds his breath, his entire body going still when she gently kisses him just by the corner of his mouth. “See you around, cowboy.” Liam turns her heel, walking away with a swagger in her hips towards the front doors of the lobby.  Harry clutches his chest as soon as she’s gone, finally letting out the breath of air he’d been holding in for what felt like an eternity. —2:57 PM Three minutes gives Harry enough time to collect himself.  He pats his hair down and checks his breath, raising a hand to knock on Liam’s chestnut polished door.  Harry taps his legs while he waits, hearing a pair of footsteps before Liam finally answers in nothing but a silk blue bathrobe. “You’re early,” Liam raises a brow. Harry checks his phone.  2:58 PM.  “By two minutes,” he points out.  “I like to relax before I get to work.” “Is that right?” she snorts, letting Harry inside. He quietly shuts the door, noticing the soothing scent of lavender emanating from the living room.  He’s been in Liam’s apartment a few times to know she’s rearranged some of the furniture, and he’s particularly puzzled at the fold up massage table covered with towels near the windows. “So what am I building?” Harry asks, rubbing his hands.  “Book shelf?  Entertainment center?” “You’re funny,” Liam shakes her head.  “Funny Harry and his funny comments.” “So I’m not building anything,” he says, slowly. “I never said anything about building something,” she scoffs, taking him by the hand towards the massage table.  “All I said