for a kiss. Their lips collide. To them both it just feels right. It doesn't last long but it was perfect. Both can see the other blush in the darkness of the movie theater. 

“We should get going.” Izuku says, breathlessly. 

Katsuki walks Izuku home, at his front door. Izuku asks. You free next weekend? Let's do something you want to do.

“How about rock climbing.” He quickly responds, genuinely excited. Katsuki nailed his first date. 

“Sounds great Kacchan, see you around.” He says happily grinning.

Yeah, see ya around nerd! Katsuki teases leaving.

Also im having a friend draw my OC and it will be posted to our group Tumblr. Please review and comment "Vibe" or "Verb" to name my OC he is an older gentleman.

Deku and Kacchan are going on their second date but things won't go as well as the first time.

No beta reader still I know my grammar is wonky at times but I'm trying my best.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Monday one day after their date on Saturday. Izuku is in class, it's full and noisy when Ochako sneaks up behind him giving him a scare, causing him to jump. “So, how'd it go?" Placing her hand up to her mouth. “I seen you two out to lunch.”

Blushing profusely. “What are you stalking me now.” Izuku quips, watching Shouto sit on the desk next to him.

“So, I've head you and Katsuki are a thing now. Huh?” Shouto asks, crossing his legs.

“Ah, yea, sort of.” Glaring at Ochako for not keeping things on the down low.

“Shame your off the market.” Shouto says, with a wink.

Ochako’s nose begins to bleed.

A red tint falls across Deku's cheeks however easing into the situation Izuku admits. “Actually we already have a second date planned out for this weekend, Kacchan wanted to go rock climbing in the local mountain range.” He informs.

Izuk’s day continues normally, eating lunch with Kacchan, they get a few stares being out and proud. But nothing a few intimidating threats from Kacchan doesn't take care of.

The week goes by quickly as Izuku and Katsuki continue to bond, spending their free time together. Izuku notices his homeroom class getting more and more quiet throughout the week, noticing the seats are empty, the class is becoming sparser. Students are missing, something is very wrong.

On Friday this little mystery is solved much to his dismay as the principal of A.U. comes on the intercom making an announcement. “Attention all students! There have been a rash of attacks on our students by the league of villains, several students are currently missing and we regret to inform you that Todoroki Shouto is currently in critical condition in the Infirmary however he is expected to make a recovery with the help of Recovery Girl. We have deemed it the correct course of action to make this warning, please be cautious and safe. We are increasing security and making efforts to catch those responsible, that is all.”

The class erupts in a low mumble. “Kacchan we should try and see him.” Izuku whispers with a concerned tone to his voice. 

“Yea definitely,” Katsuki agrees, snapping his pencil in hand, unable to control himself. Getting up he says. “Let's go.”

Arriving at the Infirmary, Recovery Girl let's them in, they are unprepared for the site they see. Shouto there dear friend is beaten to a pulp, still unconscious, 50% of his right arm has frostbite while 60% of his left arm has first degree burns. While the rest of his body is bruised and battered. It is very obvious that he fought as hard as he could with all of his might just to stay alive, pushing his quirks to their limits.

“Deku this is serious.” Katsuki states, very concerned.

“I know.” Izuku acknowledges the gravity of the situation. "Todoroki is no pushover."

Not letting the recent disconcerting events discourage or ruin their date they decided to go ahead with it as scheduled.

 Saturday the two of them meet at the base at very tall, imposing, steep and jagged mountain in their old stomping grounds. Izuku looks up daunted by the massive rock face.

“Come on, nerd this is the beginner mountain, I know this one like the back of my hand.” Katsuki mocks, already starting to climb.

“Hey, wait for me!” He cries. 

It's a long climb but not that strenuous they don't even really break a sweat. It's more relaxing than anything for them. 

“You know Deku this is the first mountain i ever climbed.” He reminisces, while climbing the rock face.

“I could have guessed this forest is where we use to play when we were kids.” Izuku surmises, grunting struggling a little bit. But he overcomes that portion of the mountain rather easily. 

Katsuki takes a brief respite. “Even