Especially now, because he just woke up and he wasn’t really awake.
He still stood against the kitchen counter und hid his arm behind his back, to let a single werewolf nail puncture his hand.
Pain was a good distraction. “You could have made pancakes.”, he said, his eyebrows up all the way.
“I wanted to, but you don’t have all the ingredients I need.”, Stiles said and looked through his phone.

Derek wasn’t as distracted as before and way more awake. “You should put on a hoodie, it’s cold outside.”, he suggested
and Stiles looked at him as if he grew a second head. “Derek, it’s 76 degrees outside, at least it’s what my weather-app says
and it’s never wrong. Well, okay, that one time it said it wouldn’t rain and I got totally soaked, but that doesn’t really count.”
Derek lifted one eyebrow at him. “You should put it on.” Just for his sanity. “To sweat right through it? No, thank you sir, I’m gonna go without it.”
Derek strongly believed that he should be shot, just for all the images he got inside his head, as Stiles said ‘Sir’ to him.
He also thought that he wanted him to be a boy again even more than Stiles himself.

°°°

Their banter didn’t stop until the doorbell rang and Derek left the kitchen to open the door.
Cora’s smile stopped immediately as she took in Dereks clothes with a frown. “You’re not ready.
Why are you still looking like you just got out of bed?”, she said and walked around him and into the apartment.
“Well hello, my beloved little sister, come on in, why don’t you?”, he said with all the sarcasm he could muster and closed the door.
“Love you too bro.”, she said over her shoulder, already in the kitchen.

“Oh, my god! Stiles!”, he heard her shriek and rolled his eyes and went to the bathroom.
“It wasn’t my fault!”, Stiles answered. “I know, Stiles. Derek told me. I’m sorry.”-“I just want to be me again, Cora…”
His voice sounded so sad, that Derek just tuned their conversation out. Well, at least he tried.
“Why didn’t you tell Derek that I want him to come with us?” His heart race sped up as he waited for Stiles answer.
“I…uhm... I thought he didn’t want to come…”-“Lie.”-“No, it’s true!”-“If you say so…”

°°°

“And Deaton really said that?”, Cora asked, watching Stiles closely. “Yeah, it’s like he doesn’t get how much it hurts me.”
“It’s because you like guys and well, being a girl is like a curse.”-“Exactly! And it’s not a nice opportunity! I was happy being a guy!”
Cora sighed. “And here I thought you were bisexual.”-“I am… It’s just, that right now? I’m more interested in guys…”
“You could at least try to date someone. Maybe it helps you accept your new body?”-“I doubt it. I really hate this.”
Cora placed her hand softly against Stiles face and caressed his cheek. “Do you even know how beautiful you are?”
Stiles tried to turn his head away from her hand, but she held him in place with her other hand and leaned forwards.
She places an innocent kiss against his lips and smiled. “I would even turn gay for you.”, she said and then she laughed.

“Don’t say things like that!”, he said and blushed. “Your brother would kill me.”, he mumbled and Cora full on smirked.
“No, he wouldn’t.”, she said and turned her attention to the kitchen door. Seconds later, Derek walked up to them.
“Girls-talk over?”, he asked and Stiles stuck his tongue out. “Fuck you.”-“No, thanks.”-“Oh, you wished, Hale!”
His ears turned a shade of red and he huffed. “Ready to go? Stiles needs a bra.”, he said with an evil grin.
“Oh, now we’re talking about it? Not just your ‘put on a hoodie’ crap? Thought I didn’t notice you staring?”, Stiles bit back.
“I didn’t stare! I’m sorry to notice things like this! It’s not like I can help it, when you deliberately push them out like that!”
“What the-? When I-? Shut up! You’re such a freaking asshole, Derek!”, Stiles hissed, absolutely pissed.

“Oh, my God! Stiles? Come on, we’re going! I don’t even know why we waited for my shithead of a brother!”
“Hey!”, Derek yelled after them, as they made their way out of the apartment.

°°°

“It’s