chest. “Mrs. Lee, please, let me help you...”

“You... you... mons-monster... MONSTER!” She howled and started running toward the closed door. As she threw a fleeting glance back, sharp and harmful like a poisonous arrow, Chanyeol did not miss the shift in her once motherly eyes: she was now seeing him as the gruesome creature he was. “YOU ARE A DEMON LIKE ALL THOSE MEN! A BLOODY MONSTER! HELP ME, HELP ME!”

“Mrs. Lee, wait! Please, listen to me!” He choked out, trying to approach her while she hurt herself gripping the doorknob and stained the wood. “Please, just... please...”

She was red and convulsing. “GO AWAY! HELP! HELP ME, FOR MERCY!”

He stoically witnessed her pitiful act until she disappeared, rushing out of his house as if she was fleeing from hell. Even when he was simmering with panic and pain, he managed to move to his room and recollected personal stuff: a worn-out diary, a couple of books, a blue coat Mr. Lee had given him for his past birthday and a sack of coins with his modest savings.

He escaped through the back door and crossed his well-kept garden, going over the hidden stable where he kept his most prized possession, his horse. He mounted it, shaken and truly torn, finally processing what the events meant for himself and the humble life he had known. With a face tainted by tear tracks and dirt, he ran away from home with a completely shattered heart, galloping at the same speed his soul was ebbing.

The weather was chilly and harsh. But it could never compare to Mrs. Lee’s frantic screams, which could be heard even from the far center of the woods, or the turmoil incited by the other inhabitants who had just learned that a cursed person, a monster, had been living among them all those past years.

Having the condemnable talent of pyrokinesis made him a cursed monster, and Chanyeol had never hated it as much as he did that day.

Baekhyun meeting Chanyeol. Chaos ensues.

I should tell you this fic is mainly self-indulgent. I don't have many things to say, only that I hope you enjoy this chapter and don't be too hard on this humble work. Comments are highly appreciated :3 have a very beautiful day.

Byun Baekhyun had memorized all the facts commonly known about the condemnable talents and the idiosyncrasies of their users. They were the aftereffects of an ancient curse, inherited through specific bloodlines. They skipped a generation, moving from grandparents to grandchildren. They were born by a single recipient at time, which meant none could manifest parallel in two different persons. And last but not least, their carriers were extremely dangerous.

The cursed humans, as they had been baptized by the Crowns through official statements, could not be trusted. They were considered a threat for the natural status quo, great enemies of the nations, since they inwardly withheld the evil endowments of demons, as well as their insatiable thirst for blood and cruel, non-human tendencies. Cursed humans were to be banished from society, to be persecuted, to be executed. The laws dictated that a cursed human located within a community should be reported by its members if they did not wish to share the same fate as them. They would be retained and taken to court, and depending on their talent, the authorities would proceed to accordingly deal with them.

Baekhyun learned he possessed the ability to manipulate the light wave-particules duality when he was an innocent child. He beloved mother highly esteemed such power and taught him that his talent should not be discredited as a pest, but be seen as a gift. She was keen on convincing him that the anathema dogmatized by the royalty and aristocrats should never discourage his self-confidence, because he could achieve amazing deeds with its help. He should be proud of who he was as a whole entity, his phenomenal ability included as well. He was not a monster.

However, his mother had been an idealist who believed in an utopian reality, far from the barbaric and overpowering world to wich they were subjected. She was brave, hopeful and brilliant, things he was not. Baekhyun was a coward who listened to the rash murmurs of the prole and sceptics. Thus, when she was seized by a horde of guards during a summer festival, instead of lifting a finger to aid her, to assiste her so she could escape, he stayed quiet. Her captors gravely announced the motive of her apprehesion to the consternated crowd and he pretended to be as appalled when her illegal practice of witchcraft arts was disclosed. He did not see her again after that horrible soireé.

It had been over ten years ever since. The last thing he received from her was a beautiful heirloom, an intricate Star and Crescent pedant, symbol of his photokinesis.

“Hey, sweetheart, you’re our dealer for the night”, one of the regular patrons clicked his tongue in front of him, slowly shaking a shiny deck in his line of vision. Baekhyun was perched against