at all times – could that truly be just overdrawn modesty? He would probably think further on that… once his own alarm had gone off and he had found himself some coffee.

Apollo fell asleep once more the moment Blackquill had gathered his clothes and pulled the bathroom door shut behind him.

***

Two hours later, the defense attorney had managed to peel himself out of his incredibly comfortable sheets. Braving the day was a difficult prospect, considering that a repeat of yesterday loomed large on the horizon, but a good Chords of Steel workout and a hot cup of coffee in the hotel lobby just before the breakfast buffet closed helped him to steel his nerves for the inevitable annoyance.

As he walked to the room where the first panel for which he had signed up was scheduled to occur, notebook in hand, Apollo finally had a moment to lucidly wonder about what he had witnessed this morning while still half-asleep.

He was fairly sure that this was not about Blackquill’s admission – the man had reacted to him completely normally last night when they had been talking, and while tension had reared its head once the defense attorney had exited the bathroom without a shirt, it had not been palpable to such a degree that he would think Blackquill generally had a problem with rather commonplace partial male nudity. Besides, the prosecutor remained unaware that Apollo happened to prefer men, as well, which rendered his obsession with his own upper body staying covered more than a little odd.

Then again… he did recall Blackquill’s words about prison life being one of hardships and desperation when they had been stuck in the courthouse archive months ago, and given the various stereotypes about jail and inmates…


…This isn’t some sort of remnant from him being a survivor of sexual assault, is it?


The thought made his stomach churn – but of course, that was something he could hardly ask Blackquill about directly.

He’s given me a second-hand glimpse of what he went through back then, but who knows how bad it really got? The prosecutor had a way of almost subconsciously falling back into mannerisms learned during his incarceration when stressed, after all, and this might be another one of them.

Apollo found himself wishing that there was some way to distract Blackquill yet again, as he had managed during their confinement as well as last night, but he had no idea how to go about it if his unpleasant imagining turned out to be reality.

What flashed up inside him was not pity, per se, even though it probably contributed to the odd yet fleeting cocktail of emotions which remained just beyond definability.

Well… he knows I’m here to talk. It’s really all I can offer. Perhaps it was because Blackquill was so closed-off if one did not know him well, deflecting personal interest with sarcasm and outright rudeness, but Apollo felt an inexplicable satisfaction whenever the prosecutor did open up, shared his honest thoughts, and perhaps even reacted with a rare smile to his conversation partner’s interest or comments. Easing the burden of memories and current stress, commiserating, offering company – apparently, they had segued from being acquaintances to friendship when he had not been looking.

The thought was gratifying, even though the defense attorney was still bothered by this newest behavioral tic he had witnessed, and its potential origins. However, at this point, he was not at leisure to further contemplate its implications, as he had arrived at the conference room allotted to his panel, and the session was about to start.

***

Saturday passed much like Friday had, with one major exception: Apollo found himself in his final panel together with Blackquill, who had been appointed discussion leader. In that hour-long discussion, there was no rumor mongering – it seemed that the more obnoxious attorneys felt outnumbered, now that both of their targets were in the same room. However, the prosecutor had more than one underhanded remark thrown at him, and deflected them much like he did in court: With incisive comments dripping with derision, and unpleasant smirks which hinted at the fact that the respective rude commenter better not happen upon Blackquill in a dark corridor by himself. Apollo knew that he was glaring daggers at these people more than once, as well, and had been tempted to speak up here and there, but ultimately refrained – who knew whether his companion in this misery would appreciate it if he tried coming to his aid?

When the allotted time finally drew to a close, two people had already left without so much as politely excusing themselves, and only one participant of eight overall thought it necessary to thank Blackquill for his time, something which had been de rigeur for all other panel leadersin the other sessions Apollo had attended. Finally, only the two of them remained in the room.

Watching Blackquill collect his papers, his expression unreadable, the defense attorney quietly observed, “They really don’t have any problem with being jerks to your face, do they?”

His companion’s movements stilled for a moment as he shot Apollo a quick, probing glance; then, he concentrated on his task once more.

“It is the lot one bears for acquiring infamy.