sandwich and shaking his head. John narrowed his eyes and gave McKay the look he'd perfected on off-world missions, the look that meant shut up, smile and nod, and do what I say. McKay's mouth thinned into a crooked line, but he said, "Yes. Yes, of course." He dropped the sandwich back onto the plate, closed his laptop, and stood. "After you."

Running the security gauntlet was more time-consuming than John had expected, not to mention more stressful, and McKay's constant babble about everything and nothing didn't help. By the time they reached the parking lot and the car the SGC had assigned John for the duration of his stay on Earth, his pulse was fast enough he could hear the rush of it in his ears. He was pretty sure at this point that McKay had known it was him last night; all the instances of McKay avoiding him this morning plus the obvious signs of nervousness made for a fairly convincing body of evidence.

Once inside the car and outside the gates of the Cheyenne Mountain complex, though, McKay fell silent and all John could hear was the quiet hum of road noise and their combined breathing. John did actually drive to the A&W—he'd been careful for too long to screw up now that he actually had somewhere he wanted to be, had a purpose beyond waiting for his twenty years to be up so he could retire. They waited silently in the short line of cars at the drive-thru, John tapping his fingers against the steering wheel until it felt like McKay's glare was going to burn right through him. He ordered a root beer float and a burger for himself, then looked to McKay with raised eyebrows, but got only a head-shake in return.

John had pulled the car into a parking space and was digging through the bag for a napkin and his burger before McKay finally spoke; it was a lot longer than John had bet on him holding out. "So why are we really here, Major?"

Looking sideways at the stubborn set of McKay's mouth, John decided to cut to the chase. "Last night," he said, "I went to a club. There was this guy there; I never saw his face, but he sucked my dick like a pro, fucked me into next week, and then cut and ran." By the time he finished speaking, he was half-hard in his BDUs, the memory of last night augmented by the fact that his ass was still vaguely sore.

McKay didn't move, rigid in his seat and staring out the windshield. "You expected something different from a sleazy club's buddy booth?" he said, and the words were clipped, sharper even than his usual brand of sarcasm. Sharp enough to sting.

"I expected something different from you, Rodney." And really, it was all about expectations. McKay's anger was surprising because John had expected nervousness, maybe, and embarrassment at having accidentally outed himself—hell, embarrassment at having fucked a friend, a teammate, in the anonymous back room of a club—but the outright hostility didn't make sense, not coming from the Rodney McKay he knew. But then, maybe he didn't know McKay as well as he thought he did, because he never would've imagined him as the anonymous-fuck type in the first place.

I want to feel you come, John. The words had been echoing in his head since McKay had spoken them, breathy and harsh, the night before. Back at his hotel, John hadn't slept at all, lying on the too-soft mattress and staring up at the stripes of moonlight on the ceiling and trying to untangle how he felt about the situation. About McKay.

Dropping the burger back into the bag, he turned sideways in his seat so that he could more or less face McKay, who looked like he'd rather be staring down a Wraith hive ship than having this conversation. John wasn't too thrilled with it either; when he'd been rehearsing their confrontation in his head, McKay had been much less angry and much more willing to talk about the possibility of future blowjobs.

"What?" McKay snapped, and John realized he'd been staring.

"I'm just trying to figure out how someone who's so easy to read could manage to keep such a huge secret," he said with a little more honesty than he'd been planning.  It was something he'd been thinking about from the moment he'd left the club last night; he was missing a piece to the puzzle.

McKay didn't seem to notice the lack of tact. "You of all people should know a little bit about secrets," he said, still hostile.

The anger didn't make a lot of sense; McKay obviously wasn't an out-and-proud crusader, judging John for being closeted. Hell, John couldn't remember McKay mentioning anyone's sexual orientation before, even though