away from Rin.

Rin didn't understand. Wasn't he supposed to be frantic and sputtering and fucking begging?

Haruka opened his mouth. Rin could practically feel the guilt and apology rolling off his tongue before he even form the words. But no-- no. Rin would never let him.

Would never let them.

He sent a cold glare towards the oldest of them, shutting Haruka up immediately.

"I see." Rin choked out. "Sorry for intruding." He continued. "Here's your fucking dinner." He shoved a plastic bag of chinese food to Makoto so hard the large male huffed in agony.

It was pain and shame and betrayal rolled into one; the tugging on his stomach that was making him hold his breath for so long he started to feel dizzy.

Rin knew there were all types of people. But he didn't expect for Makoto to turn from a sheep to a wolf.

"I should go." He said, but didn't move from his place. He was glued. His brain was shouting for him to go away and wallow in his own misery but his body was stiff, refusing to even move a muscle. "But--" He sighed, took a deep breath and trained his stinging eyes at Makoto. "I should let you explain, right?" He smiled. The suffocating feeling in his chest arising with every breath and he was almost afraid that he was going to have a heart-attack. "Since when, Makoto? Haru?"

Makoto eyed him painfully; the kind that showed how sorry he was for everything. Probably for existing too.

"A month." Haruka was the one who answered his question. Always blunt, honest, Haru.

"Okay."

He should've known but maybe being in love made you blind to obvious things.

Like your boyfriend and best friend getting it on behind your back. Goodness gracious, fucking indeed.

"I never meant to-- We were planning to tell you... Rin." Makoto; lovely Makoto. Kind Makoto. The love of his life Makoto.

"Hmm." Rin hummed, shutting his eyes for a brief moment. "Okay. It's good. Fine. Rad." And now the English was surfacing. Bad omen. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!"

Rin Matsuoka wasn't known for being composed. He was irritatingly impatient and rude. With a mouth that could put a sailor to shame. But he was being composed now. Finding out that you've lost someone important to you without even knowing it would make you do that.

Deep breaths. Long and steady. Calm before the storm.

"Fuck you!" His voice rose; from normal to straining to loud.

Achingly loud.

"Sorry, sorry. I shouted." He gulped, then looked at the couple again. "Can't blame me, you know. I just got my heart broken. Hilarious, isn't it?" He let out a dry laugh and started clutching his red hair tightly. "I'm fucking sorry."

Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. For being not enough. For falling in love. For taking everything seriously.

Rin wiped his eyes. Surprisingly enough, he wasn't crying. Although, he must have looked quite insane. Quite hurt. And a lot broken.

"It's not you-- Rinrin..." Makoto took a step towards him. He was frowning. Rin could see that even when he was trying to focus on the wall behind Makoto. Ironically enough, there was a picture of them hanging there. Fucking nice. "Rin." He snapped his head towards the moving Makoto, eyes narrowing quickly. Seeing that, Makoto stopped his hands and arms and legs from moving and craddling the redhead close to him. "It's not your fault." Makoto said instead, sighing so deep it was almost a growl.

Again, a laugh bubbled out of Rin's lips. "'It's not you, it's me.' Is that it, Mako? Thanks. Thank you very much." (For at least choosing me first). "For everything. Including this! And Haru-- I'm..." He wanted to hate them. He was working on it. But for now-- the dagger through his heart and the lump stuck in his throat were still there. So raw and new. "And Haru, please take care of him." He forced the words out and swallowed the 'I love him. I love him. I love him. More than you. But make him happy 'cause I couldn't.' The words, the thoughts were like picking glass shards from his skin. Was he bleeding? Hopefully not.

He looked at Haruka with a small smile. His face ached and his lips trembled but he was going to be fine.

Haruka looked at him; straight in the eyes, revealing what he truly felt. Rin didn't care about the guilt that was showing in those normally apathetic eyes. He waited for the older's response and gave a breath of choked relief when he heard, "I will.