’s foretold that he will bring magic back.”

“You’re confused,” Arthur realised. “Merlin was born with magic.” He informed the group.

The table went ballistic. That was the only way to describe it. Everyone was yelling at everyone. Mordred and Gaius sent each other anxious and stunned expressions, Guinevere had stood up and was now holding her stomach, breathing heavily. Elyan and Leon exchanged looks of anger and betrayal, both prepared to run down to where Merlin was and throw him over the parapet. Percival looked amazed, like he couldn’t believe it, like his respect for Merlin had grown. Gwaine looked…smug–as if he knew, or at least suspected. The expression was soon one of anger and he began shouting at Leon and Elyan.

“He’s been here for years–he could’ve told anyone anything about the King and Camelot–“

“He knows all our secrets–“

“He could be in league with Morgana–“

“You bastards! Merlin would never do anything to hurt Arthur!”

“Enough!” Arthur hollered. “Sit down, now!”

Arthur rubbed Guinevere’s back as he watched the knights guiltily sit down in their seats. Gwaine had the audacity to exaggerate every movement as he sat down. He stuck out his behind and leaned forward, a condescending smirk on his face as he slowly lowered himself into his chair.

“Behave, Gwaine.” The commoner in question just grunted in response.        

“If I may finish,” Arthur said. “Merlin was born with magic. He inherited his magic from his father–the Dragonlord, Balinor.”

Leon paled, his mind returning to the burnt corpses of his comrades. The women and children who the Great Dragon slaughtered. Having to crawl his way back to the castle with several broken ribs and burns that he knew was going to kill him. Merlin finding him outside the city and carrying him to Gaius. “Merlin’s a Dragonlord?”

“Yes, he is. He was the one who defeated the Great Dragon.” Gaius told them.

“I guessed as much,” Arthur smiled sadly. “Balinor was killed no less than a day after meeting him.”

Silence invaded the chamber as they absorbed this fact. They all knew what happened that day, and now they have the rest of the story, the part that they had no idea about. As they thought about it, about Merlin, they all realised the unusual good luck that followed them around. Convenient tree branches that were too sturdy to randomly break. Unnatural roots that stuck up out of the ground that shouldn’t have grown that way. Bandits looking as shocked as the knights as their hands suddenly burned or the sword was flung from them. It was all Merlin, protecting them the only way he could. With magic.

“He’s been protecting us,” Percival stated what everyone was thinking.

“Yes; but there’s something else the Disir told me. Something I really don’t understand.”

“What is it?” Elyan asked.

“It’s about…us. Merlin. Destiny.” Arthur held his breath for a moment, before relaxing. “Apparently there were these entities, deities, whatever you want to call it. Some were called Destiny, Time, Death… Magic. There were others; one called Liberty, the other Madness. They told me that Liberty and Madness were my mother and father in human form.”

“Wait, wait–your parents were, what? Gods?” Guinevere asked, astounded.

“In human form.”

“This is crazy.”

“You think I don’t know that?” Arthur sighed again, “It's just–there’s so much I don’t understand.”

“It’s alright, Arthur.” Guinevere smiled lovingly. “It’s why you called us here; to help you understand.”

Arthur returned the smile with just as much love. He turned to the others. “Liberty and Madness came to this era to do whatever it is they do. They turned human and lived a human life. So, when Liberty died, Madness began the Purge.” Arthur repeated what he was told. “Magic and this Emrys character are one in the same.”

“Merlin is the human version of Magic?”

“No, Emrys is. Let me finish, Gwaine.” The King ordered his knight. “Because of the Purge, the balance of the world was disrupted. Magic gathered other entities, like Courage and Strength, to stand against Madness. Magic bargained with Destiny. He would let Madness have his Purge, then he would help bring about a new age with his allies.

 Destiny was angry with the others for helping Magic and tried to curse them, but Magic protected them. They were scattered across this era, cursed to live a life as a human, and Magic was hurt, he wasn’t cursed like the others.” Arthur clenched his fist. “Magic chose a vessel to hide in so he could heal, but there was only one person who could sustain his power.”

“Merlin,” Gaius whispered to himself, yet everyone still heard