Never unpleasant.

"Li," Zayn whined again, his toes curling as he felt his cock swell in his sweats and press up against Liam's own, hips moving instinctively and the friction was too much for him to handle. If he didn't possess a certain level of self control, this would've been over way too quickly, regretfully. He felt Liam's large strong hands slide up the length of his thighs and over the curve of his ass, pushing their hips closer together, rolling up against him with a deep moan accompanying, one that seemed to echo throughout the room and cling to the walls. Zayn was first to break the seal of their locked lips to take in a deep breath, giving himself a single second before he kissed Liam's neck and trailed down to his strong shoulders and collarbones. He buried his nose in the nest of hair on Liam's chest and pressed a kiss over his rapidly beating heart before pulling away. The other man had taking hold of his tank top, tugging it up and over his head, tossing it carelessly behind him before mimicking Zayn's actions, kissing down the center of his his chest. He stopped enough to suck a nub into his mouth, thick tongue flickering over the hardness and scraping his teeth along the sensitive skin making Zayn's head spin as he leaned it back and bit his lip and held Liam closer. 

Liam pulled away and lifted his head to kiss over the stubble covering Zayn's chin, rubbing the tip of his nose over his jawline before mumbling against the crook of his neck. "You're so beautiful, Zayn.."

"Touch me." Zayn shook, arching his back to press his chest onto Liam's and buried his nose into his hair, arms wrapped around him like an attached cat against their owner. Liam's fingers danced along his grinding hips, making their way under the hem of his loose sweats, over the naked swell of his ass, and inching towards the throbbing core of him, hole practically weeping to be devoured. Two impossibly soft digits pressed up against the sensitive part of him and tears pricked up at the side of Zayn's eyes; it'd been way too long since he'd had any kind of pleasure and for it to be from Liam, to finally know what it was like to be touched by him so intimately made his chest hurt as if someone were squeezing his bleeding heart. He used his opposite hand to spread one cheek as fingers slowly slipped inside the tight heat, one followed by the other seconds later and Zayn was in such a blissful state he didn't feel the way his nails were digging into Liam's shoulders, not that the older man seemed to mind. "God, Liam.."

"Wanted this for so long.." Liam's voice quivered as he spoke and his lips found their way to Zayn's ear, sucking the lobe into his warm mouth, alternating between nibbles and licks. "So, so pretty.."

Zayn decided to keep at least one of his hands busy, sliding the palm of his right one down Liam's chest until it disappeared underneath his boxers, fingers wrapping around his cock, his own hard flesh rubbing tightly against his arm. Liam vibrated against him and Zayn only stroked him in response, rolling his hips against the fingers inside of him, thighs shaking as the pleasure was starting to make his spine tighten, heat flowing upward and blurring his mind. He didn't want this to end; the last thing he wanted to do was part from Liam for even a second, but he knew a few more minutes his body would betray his deepest desires and give into the pleasures he'd deprived himself of for way too long.

And as Liam's fingers reached deep inside of him, all it took was for a simple graze against the tight bundle of nerves to send him into a downward spiral, his cock twitching as his came, hips still, mouth weeping, a tear trickling down the left side of his face. "L... Liam..!"

"Fuck, Z.." Liam responded and kissed his jaw, still moving his fingers inside of him, not releasing even the tiniest inch and Zayn was silently grateful. "My pretty boy.."

Zayn knew he wasn't too far behind and he sped up the strokes of his trembling hand, mind whirling as Liam traced every inch of the vein that ran down his neck using the tip of his tongue then branding him with a sweet suck of his luscious lips at the base meeting the collarbone. Liam grunted out so obscenely, hips jerking as his orgasm rose and Zayn didn't stop the movement of his hand until it was covered in hot, sweet come, Liam's echoing sounds filling his ear and traveling all the way down to his stomach that settled and set another fire ablaze within him. And to make matters worse, Liam removed Zayn's hand from inside of his boxers, lifting it to his own mouth to lick at the fingers eagerly with soft hums before pressing their lips together, tongue slithering inside the awaiting cave to feed