dislodge himself from the trousers just in time to see the now nearly-naked France reaching for the waistband of his undergarments. "Bloody hell you can have the bleedin' bath, just keep your pants on!" He was shielding his (poor, poor) eyes with one hand and debating slapping the other across America's (who was laughing harder than ever, arse).

"Merci beaucoup, Angleterre" the (still practically nude) France said with a sweeping brow, reaching out to kiss England's hand only to have it slap him instead.

With an indignant huff, France whirled about and strutted into the washroom.

England sagged against the wall, glaring daggers at America who was in stiches on the ground. "Man that was epic." He laughed, whipping at his eyes and managing to smear even more cake in across his cheek (a gesture which was certainly not the most adorable thing England had ever seen).

He shot England a brilliant smile before bending down to gather France's discarded clothing. (England decided not to warn him against touching the frog's things. Ungrateful git deserved whatever STD he managed to contract). "You guys are hilarious. But you know," and here he looked England in the face, a blatant smirk curling at the edges of his mouth "I have two bathrooms."

Before England could do more than splutter indignantly, the bathroom door flew open and a pair of briefs flew out, smacking America square in the face.

Served him right. Git.

---

England emerged (blessedly clean) from America's shower to see a neatly folded pile of clothes waiting for him. He felt a small tug at the corner of his mouth but resisted it. (But oh how thoughtful of America to actually think about his comfort and set aside garments for him to wear. America was thinking about him. America cared! Oh fuck it, no one was even there!) England allowed a wide smile to spread across his entire face. He fingered the edges of the clothes before picking up the shirt—which was boldly embossed with "HOOTERS" in orange lettering—and inhaling deeply. (And oh God it smelled like sunshine and coffee and leather and golden fields and running streams and America.)

America.

England trembled, slipping the shirt over his damp skin and allowing himself to be completely enveloped by the warmth of America's scent. (God there was something seriously wrong in his mind). Shaking his head, England pulled on the sweatpants which were brown and appeared to have a pattern of dancing Christmas bears down the right leg (that most certainly did not make England simper at the adorableness), before walking back out into the hall.

"America?" he called out, heading down the stairs towards the kitchen where he could make out the sound of voices.

"I will not wear that garish trash you Americans call clothing!"

"Not cool man! Everyone knows my clothes are awesome!"

"Awesomely horrendous"

"At least my shirts aren't pink"

"Rose is a wonderful colour with which to express masculinity, but I would not expect you to understand that. Besides, my shirt was lilac."

"What are you talking about bro? I'm the manliest guy you'll ever meet! I'm a hero! And what the hell is lilac anyway?"

"It is a shade of purple."

"Purple, pink, what's the big dif?"

England rounded the corner into the kitchen and caught a glimpse of both the bickering nations. He froze. His heart stopped beating for a moment before speeding forward at the most rapid pace it had ever taken up.

France stood, clothed in absolutely nothing but a towel wrapped (not nearly tight enough) around his waist. And while the sight of curly blond hairs trailing down from France's naval was nauseating, it wasn't what was capturing England's eye. Oh no, it wasn't France at all, but the beautiful nation across from him. The beautiful, shirtless nation across from him.

England just about had a heart attack.

God, America was beautiful.

Tanned skin pulled taught over rippling muscles (how the hell could someone eat so much junk food and not have an ounce of fat on them). Was England drooling? He wasn't sure anymore...

"-ggy? Iggy? Earth to England!"

England jerked out of his musings of America's (fantastic) abs as the boy waved a hand in front of his face. "So you are alive! Good. For a second there it seemed like you'd gone into a comma or something." He laughed (so wide and straight and beautiful). "So, are you two gonna tell me why you were wrestling in cake on my front porch today, or should I just assume that's a regular thing for you guys?"

Shit. He he'd almost forgotten about that (in the wake of America's glorious torso).

England met France's gaze, the latter raising a questioning brow. "I was...well, we were..." He looked into those half-laughing eyes of blue and wished