off to the side, looking guilty as all hell.  “He turned his back on his family, so I'm quite certain it was Yakuza who tried to kill him, detective.  The police were too afraid of the Shimadas to take his case.”  She hesitates at that.  “I omitted his name for fear you would be as well.”



“I ain't afraid o’ no Shimadas,” I reply.



This wouldn't be the first time I took ‘em on, either.  Before the military turned me straight, the Shimadas were my competition.  Now, my old gang wasn't near as big and terrifying as a Yakuza clan as old as the Shimadas, but we both dealt in weapons trafficking.  I've had some good business yanked right outta my hands by them boys, especially that eldest son - Hanzo Shimada.  He'd been groomed to take over the whole Shimada empire once his daddy passed, and that boy sure as hell knew his business.  Never dealt with this Genji, but I've heard he's Hanzo's own younger brother.



After I served my time in the War, I took a trip to Hanamura to personally bring an end to the Shimadas’ reign.  Japan was still recovering after the bombs fell.  They were vulnerable, so I thought I'd take my shot.  But I guess it just wasn't in the cards for me.  My cover was blown in a run-down noodle shop just outside the gates of Shimada’s manor.  There was a hold-up, and I couldn't just idly stand by and watch the little old shopkeeper get robbed like that.  Just when I almost had Shimada in my grasp…  For all I know, the robber very well could have been Yakuza, staging the crime just to draw me out.  I guess I never will know for sure.



But I never forgot about them good fellas.  All these years, I've been sitting and waiting for another chance to take em down.  And here it is, conveniently falling in my lap.  Maybe a little too convenient…



Even knowing it might be a set-up, I still can't resist taking that bait.  I may be one lone P.I. against an entire Yakuza clan, but if I go down, it’ll be in a blaze of glory.



“So, ain't no mystery who tried killin’ him.  Just a matter of gatherin’ evidence for a conviction,” I clarify, and she replies with a nod.  “I guess the best place to start is the scene of the crime.”



She gives me the name and address of a popular bar downtown, but from here on out, I'm working this case alone.  It'll be safer for her to keep her distance, and besides, she'd rather stay and look after her fiancé.



By now, it's after hours, but I've got nothing better to do for the night.  I'd probably just wind up at the bottom of a bottle, like always.  So I clock the overtime and head on out to investigate this bar that Genji is known to visit.



It's a fairly modern bar - the kind with a jazz band blaring music so loudly, you can barely hear yourself think.  Not my taste, but I ain't here for a drink.  It's crowded, even for a Tuesday night.  Whoever attacked Genji here sure had some stones.



I ask around, trying to find a witness.  Everyone claims to know nothing.  You'd figure a man with green hair would stand out - particularly one in the process of being murdered.  The bartender is here every night, but he still claims he don't know a damn thing.  But I can see it in their eyes - these people are holding out on me, either through fear, or maybe they've been paid off.  I shouldn't expect any less from Yakuza thugs.



But I did go into this knowing it wouldn't be easy.  I step out into the alley for a smoke, looking to clear my head away from that blaring music.  As my cigar steadily burns away, the back door swings open and a young kid joins me in the alley.



I say kid, but he's maybe around his mid-20s.  Still pretty young, far as I'm concerned.  His dark hair is pulled back into a puffy bun, with a fedora sitting on top of his head.  I recognize him as a member of the band - trumpet player.  Kid’s got some talent.



At first, I pay him no mind.  I figure he's out here for a peaceful smoke, same as me.  But then I notice he's got no cigarette in his hand.  He hooks his thumbs in his pockets and approaches, looking all kinds of nervous.



“Sorry, boy,” I speak up, flicking the butt of my cigar onto the gravel.  “Was my last one.”



Turns out the kid ain't out here for a smoke,