the haze of what had happened seven years ago, respectively… it had been painful in so many ways. Now, however, everything was out in the open, the riddle of what had happened to her mother had been solved, and while the relief of reaching her goal had also brought renewed grief with it, Athena had slowly but surely come to terms with everything. Simon had helped her immensely, particularly once the façade he had maintained for so long had begun to gradually thaw when they were in private. She was glad to be able to call him her friend once more, although they had both agreed that their close personal relationship had to remain outside of the courtroom setting in the name of maintaining professionalism.

Thankfully, the courthouse hallway apparently did not count as ‘strictly professional’ territory, though – otherwise, Athena would not have found herself sitting on his couch half an hour later, massaging her temples while ranting about Payne, the idiocy of some of the witnesses, and the fact that Apollo had passed out on the couch just as she had finished up the last document, leaving only the chair for her to sleep in.

Simon had shaken his head when she had arrived at the final point in her tirade. “Chivalry seems to be dead, at least when it comes to Justice-dono. Are you still in pain, then?”

Athena had grimaced. “Claro que sí. I don’t think I’m gonna be able to turn my head for a few days after this…”

“This won’t do,” he had responded firmly. “If you will turn your back to me, I shall see whether I can help you alleviate some of the tension.”

When he had first laid hand on her back and shoulders, it had ached, but somehow, he had worked out the worst muscle kinks in a matter of minutes, asking her to take her jacket off once he could feel the most pronounced tightness loosening.

That had been about ten minutes ago, and by now, he had just about reduced Athena to a puddle, her head lolling between her knees, her eyes closed. She could have gone to sleep like this, except that that not only would have doubtlessly brought renewed discomfort, his touch felt just too nice to completely nod off. In fact, the way his fingers moved along her spine between a circular rubbing motion here and a gentle poke at a still-tense section of muscle there was so pleasant, she had difficulties not letting out noises that might give him the wrong impression…

She had only just resolved to hold in the sighs threatening to escape when Simon’s hands moved back up to the nape of her neck, the pressure with which he imbued his attentions lessening, merely brushing along the sensitive skin there as he gently checked for more knots to massage out.

Athena barely managed to tone down the moan welling up in her throat to a hum by firmly closing her lips.

The motions of Simon’s fingers promptly halted.

“Are you not feeling well?”

She snickered at the hint of hesitation in his voice. “Are you kidding? Maybe I’m a bit too well now, you’re amazing at this.”

His heart told her that the smidgen of worry he had felt at hearing the noise was gone as quickly as it had shown up.

“…I see. Would you prefer that I stop, then?”

“I, um…” Now, Athena was happy that her face was still turned towards his living room carpet, as she knew she was blushing slightly. “If you don’t mind, could you continue for a bit longer?”

Simon chuckled as his fingers resumed their path. “I have no objections, though I will not be held responsible for your falling asleep like this, nor for any further unintended utterances on your part. Far be it from me to boast, but I had rather a reputation for back massages in the clink.”

He knows I didn’t mean to make that noise – and now he’s probably just going to try and get more out of me to stroke his ego. The thought was filled with exasperated amusement, and served to make her flush an even deeper shade of red.


Two can play that game, buster.


Athena did not hold back a luxurious moan when he worked at the junctures of her neck and shoulders with perfect pressure, causing his rhythm to falter for a split second. Simon cleared his throat when she did it again as he pushed gently against the dip in the small of her back. Finally, when she let out a true masterpiece of feigned pre-orgasmic bliss upon the side of his hand settling between her shoulder blades, he began to laugh with a snort.

“At this point, you are boundlessly exaggerating. I did not wish to believe Gavin-dono when he said you were prone to overacting, but now I know better.”

“I thought I’d reward you for your efforts, Mr. ‘I was the best back rubber in jail,’” Athena teased back with a giggle.

Simon’s hands fell away from her body, prompting her to sit up with a