brother into the apartment.

"She had work. An emergency." Castiel answers before Sam can even open his mouth.

The younger Winchester throws him a look.

"Oh, well that sucks." Dean says, dejectedly. But he picks up when he drags Sam by the sleeve. "Dude, you gotta come see the balcony. It’s fricking amazing. I’m so glad Cas chose this apartment."

Castiel follows behind the brothers.

"Isn’t it fucking cool?" Dean asks, bracing himself on the railing and looking over the city below.

Sam nods, throwing Castiel a pointed glance.

"Dean, I’m sure Sam would like a beer."

"Oh, right. Yeah, of course, gimme a sec." Dean disappears through the double doors and Sam turns on Castiel.

"He isn’t real." He begins, pointing through the doors. "This isn’t real, you’re living in a dream world. You were attacked by the Djinn and they’re draining you right now. Cas, we have to-" His voice is frantic and panicked and Castiel knows what Sam wants.

"I know."

Sam falters. "Why haven’t you left then? You know how to."

Castiel indents his teeth into his bottom lip, guilt flooding into him. "I… I’m happy, Sam."

Sam looks at him incredulously. "But it’s not real."

Castiel wrings his fingers together. "Sam, your brother is happy here-"

"It’s not even him!"

"-he is unburdened. He is not drowning in remorse or guilt or sorrow." Castiel looks up at the younger Winchester, eyes wide with unshed tears. "He loves me here, Sam. He is unafraid to love me."

Sam runs a hand through his hair.

"And I’m allowed to love him. He lets me. You should see him in the mornings, the affection he shows is unparalleled and so openly given."

Sam sighs. "Cas, he’s not real. He doesn’t exist. This is happening inside your head. The real Dean is worried sick about you."

Human emotion is difficult. He does not want to cry, does not want to feel the ache in his heart. But his tears fall and Sam’s eyes are pitiful.

"You don’t understand, Sam."

"Yes, I do. You don’t think I want my brother to be-"

"No, Sam." He says with such conviction that Sam does not finish his sentence. Castiel glances up at him while wiping at his face. He’s desperate so he says, "Jessica is alive here. They gave her back, you live together, and you’re married."

Sam does not reply, just averts his eyes so Castiel continues. "You rang Dean a few days ago, said Jessica was with child. A little girl. Can you imagine? You were ecstatic. You said you were going to name her-"

"Stop." Sam begs, his voice comes out croaky and he puts a fist up to his mouth in an attempt to calm himself. "Just stop, Cas. You know I want that more than anything-"

"So, stay. It’s a perfect situation." Castiel tries.

"And what about our Dean, out there? He’s alone, and we’re literally hanging by our lives in front of his eyes, hoping we’ll come back." Sam retorts. Castiel’s hand goes to scratch at the inside of his right wrist again but Sam grabs the wrist before he can soothe the irritation.

"That itch you feel, you know what that is?" Sam asks him, but Castiel already knows so he lets Sam speak. "That’s where they’re draining your blood. There’s a needle inside your vein and when it shifts in the real world, you feel it here." He puts special weight on real world.

Castiel’s gaze flicks between his hand and Sam. "I don’t want to leave, Sam. I want to stay." His voice drops in volume, like he’s ashamed of admitting it.

"I know." Sam nods his head, understandingly. "But Dean needs you out there."

Castiel laughs bitterly. "We both know that’s not true."

"Cas, please."

That’s when Dean comes back holding three beers. He passes them around. Castiel stands beside him, shoulders and arms touching, hand wrapped around his bicep, clinging to Dean.

"Sam, please." Castiel reiterates. He hears so much desperation in the voice that he struggles to recognize that it even belongs to him. "Don’t make me go."

Sam shrugs helplessly. "You know what you have to do, Cas."

When Castiel glances at Dean, he’s just sipping at his bottle watching the birds fly overhead. He memorizes Dean the way he is now; tracks over his features, the cut of his jaw, the spread of his lashes, the plush