to this. But Steve had nothing to worry about. Bucky wanted it, he was craving it like water in the dessert. So he nodded. Eyes focusing on the others.

“Yes.” He breathed before his lips once again met the others. The kiss was wild and filled with passion, tongues colliding and thinking of it, Steve might have done it to take his attention away from the sudden burning sensation from his large member pushing inside. 

His moans were swallowed by the other. It did hurt, but it always does. Bucky knew it would lead the way straight into paradise and it is worth it. But it kept on hurting for longer than normal and it kinda felt like they didn’t make any process at all?

Steve moved around for a bit before trying again. The telltale pressure was there, the pain also but not a damn thing happened. Okay, this had never been a problem before and he will be honest and say that he’s freaking out a bit.

“Buck, hey … relax.” The blonds voice cut through his minor panic attack. It was smooth like honey, soothing. Bucky took a deep breath, filling his lungs and then sloooowly out.

“That’s it, beautiful. Relax your hole for me, let me in.” he murmured in Bucky’s ear and giving the shell a lick. Bucky gave a full body shudder. He could fell how the other once again was circling the head of his cock against the rim. This time he could slowly ease inside. The thick head breaching him then sliding home in an agonizingly slow move. 

Bucky was whimpering, his cheeks pink from the slight embarrassment of not being able to relax enough. The whimpering part weren’t that manly either. But the pain was gone and Steve’s tiny kisses down his neck felt so good and the whimpers turned into moans again.

After a long time with small, careful thrusts, sweet kisses all over Bucky’s face and neck, Steve sat up. He took hold of both of Bucky’s knees, bending him in half and put some energy in his movements. Now they both were panting, moaning, breathing. Both uneven. Steve was watching with fascination as Bucky’s body took all of him in. Smoothly sliding in and out of him. Every thrust was long, only stopping when the head caught the rim and then slamming in again, filling the room with the sound of their bodies moving together.

“Oh, fuck … babe, you’re so tight and hot.” The blond moaned. Either the man normally used pet names while fucking some stranger at a hotel, or it just slipped out. His head was now thrown back, eyes tightly closed and mouth hanging open, allowing those hard moans to escape. 

Either way, Bucky loved that pet name. It made him feel small, in a good way. Like Steve actually took care of him. Bucky haven’t had a partner that cared for him or made sure that Bucky enjoyed the ride too. But Steve did.

Steve listened. Steve observed. Whenever he touched Bucky somewhere, earning more sound, more twitching and grinding down on his cock, the blond would remember the place. Making sure to give that spot more attention. He quickly got onboard with Bucky loving when his thump traced the sensitive underside of his cock. Or how he would jerk his hips up when he twisted his wrist at his cockhead. 

He made sure to give Bucky attention. Bringing him pleasure in every way possible. And Bucky was going to paint them both white in 3 … 2 … 1 …

--

Steve could feel the others muscle rhythmically tightening up around his hard member buried inside him. His hand was moving faster over Bucky’s leaking cock with the right amount of pressure. Pumping up around the head and twisting it lightly at the head, massaging his sensitive cock.

The burnets nails dug into Steve’s skin as his moans silenced. Thick, white ropes shoot over his stomach. It was like the finishing touch to a beautiful canvas of light, suntanned brown and two shining stars of clear, grey-blue color. Bucky’s eyes were glassy, eyelashes wet from the intensity of his orgasm. Those white lines sketched up the master piece to perfection.

Now the only thing missing was the artists signature.

Steve gave one last, powerful thrust before blowing his load into the condom. That really did kill all the beauty about the intimin act they just shared. He couldn’t mark Bucky as his. It was indeed safest with the condom, especially with a stranger, but the masterpiece wasn’t exactly complete now. 

He fell forward, breathing hard into the others neck. Both were short of breath, sweating. Bucky’s cum now working as a lousy glue between them. It had been rough, sexy, and indeed a dirty thing they’d just shared, just the two of them.

No one had complained so maybe they were the only ones sleeping here. That or the other costumers were all dead from those pure and delicate sounds that had escaped Bucky under the act