a surprise when Niall reveals he is Harry’s Santa.  Harry opens his gift bag, finding a cookbook on Mexican cuisine and a small box containing the medallion of Saint Christopher.  Harry holds it up in awe and Niall stands up to wrap the necklace around Harry’s neck.

“I’m not sure about your religion,” Niall says, clasping the necklace, “but you’ve travelled a lot and I figured this guy can help you out.”

Harry puts the pendant between his fingers, examining the inscribed message of protection: Behold St. Christopher and go your way in safety.  Niall stands on his tiptoes to hook his chin over Harry’s shoulder, but Harry instead turns around to give him a hug.

“Thank you, Niall,” he says with a face full of red cheeks, “I’ll never take it off, it’s beautiful.”

Niall grins and turns his head, giving Harry a quick kiss on the cheek.  “I know you best,” he whispers.

“Group hug!  I demand a group hug!” Louis yells, and Liam immediately tackles Harry and Niall to the ground before Louis and Zayn joined him.

They stay in their dog pile for a few minutes, struggling to untangle from each other’s legs.  From Harry’s position on the ground, he manages to crawl away to the coffee table, patting down various boxes before he tosses the biggest one to Louis.

“Your birthday gift,” he says, propping himself back onto the sofa.  “Open it!”

Louis immediately stands up and tears open the gift, gasping when he sees the synthetic fur hood. “Oh Harry, it’s perfect!” Louis exclaims, holding up the parka.  “Liam, come help me put this on!”

The boys clamor to give Louis his birthday gifts, each gift leaving him squealing with delight.  Harry grabs more of his own boxes, and hands them to each of his friends, all surprised that he bought them extra gifts.

“I didn’t even get you anything, you little fucker,” Zayn whines, hitting Harry over the head with one of his Hulk Smash Hands.  “Now I have to get you something when we come back from break.”

“No, don’t worry about it,” Harry rubs the spot where Zayn hit him, “I’m happy with Niall’s gifts.”  Harry grips the medallion, smiling when he sees Niall’s face glued to the television, hypnotically playing with the Tetris console.

Harry puts his hand in his jacket pocket, running a finger over the edges of the box containing Niall’s extra gift.  He contemplates giving the necklace to Niall at this very moment, but starts having second thoughts.


What if he doesn’t like it?  What if he says he likes it and never wears it?


Tapping the box with his finger, Harry gathers his gifts and runs to his room, dumping them onto his work desk.  He takes the box from his jacket, holding its top half open to look at the pendant.  “After the party,” he says to himself, “then we’ll be together, maybe.”  Harry quickly closes the box when he hears Niall calling for him, and hides it under his pillow.  Niall runs into the room, tickling Harry’s sides before he sat on his bed.

“Ready to go?” he asks, bouncing in front of Harry.

“Not yet, just need to change,” Harry replies, taking off his jacket and shirt.  He kneels down and reaches under his bed for his clothing bins, searching for a new shirt to wear.

Niall holds his hand out, noticing the two swallows on Harry’s chest.  “Hey, I didn’t know you had tattoos," leaning over to take a better look.  “Can I?” he asks, and Harry nods.  Niall begins tracing the outlines of the birds, and Harry bites his lips to hold back the smile on his face.

Harry’s chest feels a little heavier, each curve Niall drew with his finger left him breathless until it trails across his collarbone.  Harry shivers a little and looks up, finding Niall staring at him with flushed cheeks.  Harry and Niall slowly lean in toward each other to where their lips were so close, but barely touched.  Harry closes his eyes, nervously waiting for Niall to finally kiss him.


It’s finally happening, it’s finally–


“Maybe we shouldn’t do this,” Niall whispers.  Harry lets out a little gasp when he opens his eyes, shocked at the words that came out of Niall’s mouth.

“What the hell did you just say?” Harry says shakily under his breath.

“We need to get ready,” Niall jumps up, running to their closet.   Quickly sifting through their clothes, Niall asks, “Can I borrow this?” and holds up Harry’s maroon sweater.

Harry doesn't answer, and faces away from Niall when he stands up to put his shirt on, harshly breathing through his nose.  Niall had just rejected him, and suddenly the idea of ditching the party