Johnny Joestar was never good at vocalizing his thoughts. For the most part he was silent. Growing up he learned to become a liar. People had expectations of him and failing wasn’t an option. Every failure was a result of his own misdeeds. Every single thing that had ever gone wrong in his life was justice for some horrific transgression he had committed. Growing up he questioned what exactly he had done wrong. Even as a small child he saw no acts that could warrant his pains. Yet things still happened. They kept happening. Some part of him was cursed.

  People asking what was wrong was one of the worst things they could ask him. He wasn’t used to people wondering if he was alright or not. He quickly learned to lie to them too. A smile was all it took. A bright demeanor. Though there came a time where that stopped working. Meeting Gyro was one of the better things to happen to Johnny. Somehow it was also worse. Gyro dug up things in him he wanted to keep buried. Gyro asking him what was wrong made him want to spill everything. Instead he kept to himself and remained as distant as possible with what really hurt. Though that didn’t last either. He found himself slowly spilling things to Gyro. Johnny never told Gyro things that could upset him. The need to please and be perfect was too strong even with someone he trusted so deeply. Someone he loved.

  Gyro was a mystery. With his golden grin and his odd humor. Johnny was never sure what to make of it. On his worse days, Johnny wanted to lash out at him. To push at Gyro and make him hurt too. Though he never could. Johnny would sooner die than hurt Gyro like that. Seeing the hurt in his eyes would be too much. He would never forgive himself.

Johnny always kept things to himself. Hoped that choking the thoughts down would make them easier. Sometimes it helped. Sometimes it was easy to act. Other times Johnny wanted nothing more than to scream at the top of his lungs and and rip out all his hair. He wanted someone to see he that was hurting. That his life had shattered him past any belief or understanding. He wanted it to show on his body. Beyond the bullet scar. Beyond the wheelchair. He wanted his emotional pain to show through. He wanted people to care for him in a way that wasn’t pity. He wanted someone to understand him. Or to comfort him. Though without telling others they would never know. They would just think he was doing great or was being a hardened jerk depending on his outward mood.

  Johnny tried. He truly did. He pushed himself and played the part he was supposed to. Rarely did he break. He often gave offhanded comments about his thoughts or feelings. Played them off as jokes despite feeling like he was falling apart. He really was terrible at hiding his upset with Gyro though. If the pain didn’t involve his fears of losing Gyro then he would spill it all to him. Johnny had no problem weeping in front of Gyro. Sometimes it would just happen. They would be sitting together watching television and Johnny’s mind would wander. Dwelling too long on topics he would rather forget. Then he would start crying. Gyro would never push. He would just hold Johnny and run his fingers gently through his hair while rocking him. On some level it was humiliating for Johnny. On another he was too hurt and afraid to pass up the opportunity for human contact.

  Gyro told Johnny often that he loved him. Every time without fail Johnny would react with a start and become seemingly annoyed. Though that would fade quickly and Johnny would respond warmly. Sometimes Johnny would teasingly argue that Gyro loving him was a miracle and Gyro would respond with yet another admission of love. It would never get old for Johnny. Every sweet word and action stuck with him. Everything about Gyro stuck with him. Even when he wasn’t around Johnny would think about him and feel at ease. 

  Johnny may feel broken and may feel as if the world were against him but he isn’t alone. He needed to remember that. He had people that loved him now. People that wanted him to succeed even if he felt lost and that was enough for him.