slightly and met Keith’s eyes. He was dead on. Keith, caught by surprise, blushed and looked away avoiding Lance’s gaze. “Tch, that’s what I thought.”“It’s not like that!” Keith said. He couldn’t help the desperation in his voice. He wanted Lance to believe him but he didn’t know how to word it, “I just, I see the good in everything you do.”Lance turned to face Keith. He honestly couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He couldn’t help the annoyance in his voice, “What exactly is any of that supposed to mean?”Looking directly into Lance’s deep blue eyes was really not an option at this point. Keith blushed and looked down, “I’m-I-I just really, um, like you...” the rest of his words flew out, “I’ve always sort of liked you? But I didn’t think you would ever feel anything like that for me. And I’m… I’m sorry I just thought that it had to be someone else? Because you’re too good for me? I didn’t want to get my hopes up over nothing…”Lance stared back at Keith, dumbfounded by what had just gone down. Had Keith just confessed? To him? He felt the blood rush to his ears and flood his cheeks. He did a little prayer of thanks that his skin hid most of the red.“Lance?” Keith asked and slowly looked up. It wasn’t until they met eyes that Lance realized how long he’d been silent.“Ah, yeah,” Lance cleared his throat which was suddenly very dry, “Keith...” Lance admired Keith’s blushing face. He couldn’t remember ever seeing him this flustered. It was the cutest thing Lance had ever seen. He smiled sheepishly and half whispered, “I, um, I like you t-too.” Lance couldn’t believe what had just happened. He kept his eyes trained on Keith afraid that if he looked away it would all be gone.Keith moved his hand off his lap and it brushed against Lance’s. Neither of them pulled away. Keith mumbled, “Well I knew that. Hunk practically told me.” Hunk? Lance should’ve known. He made a mental note to punch Hunk later. They sat in silence for a bit, their fingers brushing against each other. Finally, Keith cleared his throat, “I really do love the guitar, I play it every day.” Obviously. He carried the thing around everywhere he went. Lance was clearly aware of this fact so why was he reiterating it? Hearing Lance’s confession had jumbled his thoughts. He never thought this could happen.“I’m so happy,” Lance replied, “I really like your singing.” He looked up just in time to catch Keith’s tiny smile.“I could play you something sometime?” Keith offered. He was still looking down, focused intently on making swirls next to Lance’s palm. He had always been playing for Lance. Every night he wished Lance had been there with him laying on the floor in his cabin. He hadn’t realized he’d only been a few feet away the whole time.Lance smiled, “I would love that.” He stood up slowly, holding out his hand for Keith, “I don’t really have much going on now.”Keith was impressed with Lance’s composure. Fake or not, he was somehow flirting only moments after gushing his feelings to his crush? Keith was far less lucky. He took Lance’s hand and steadied himself. “You’re going to have to lead the way back because I have no idea where we are.”Lance laced his fingers with Keith’s, “Not a problem,” he grinned. The walk back Keith continuously apologized and Lance had to keep reassuring him. At one point Lance told him to just shut up because he was perfect. It was becoming increasingly more difficult for Keith to remain stoic.

It wasn’t until they were a few feet away from his door that Keith registered where they were. He went to unlock the door but it wouldn’t budge. “What the fuck,” he mumbled, pushing his palm onto the reader as if the pressure would help.“Everything ok?” Lance asked sarcastically. He gave the unimpressed Keith a squinty eyed smile. They weren’t holding hands anymore but Lance was awfully close to Keith’s face.Keith turned to face Lance and deadpanned, “Just peachy.” Before he could turn his head Lance cupped his face with both hands. He reached down and softly pressed his lips onto Keith’s. The kiss didn’t last long and before Keith had even realized what had happened Lance had pulled away. How utterly unromantic. He glared at Lance who was now smirking, or whatever you’d call the lopsided smile he did when he felt triumphant. Ok, maybe a little romantic. The palm reader finally registered and the door slid