has to leave for training and he feels horrified. Pieces of him know he had no control over it and chunks of his body feel slightly less warm because this means no more sharing a bed with Steve when it’s too cold and Bucky isn’t sure he can handle it. Bucky knows it’s silly because they’ve never explicitly spoken about how Steve will just tug on his sweater before bed and say, “S’cold, can we share?” or about how Bucky just smiles and nods. They’re not together, romantically, but in every other sense, they’re together. Bucky decides to just tell Steve he enlisted, hoping that maybe that’ll lessen the blow a little bit more than telling him he was drafted.

Bucky finds himself in some dirty alleyway with some scrawny blond boy on his knees and choking on Bucky’s cock and Bucky keeps seeing Steve’s lips stretched around the base and lips covered in spit and colored cherry red and it makes him feel dirty. Bucky tightens his hand in the man’s hair and comes with Steve’s name on his tongue, and he doesn’t care to return the favor after he cleans himself and the other man up and walks off, whisky heavy on his clothes. Bucky is standing in the doorway of their shared apartment, staring at Steve crumpled up on the couch, charcoal all over his face and hands with an unfinished drawing in his lap and Bucky fucking dies a little inside. Bucky covers his face and walks over towards him, picking him up and startling when Steve says, “S’cold and m’so tired, can we please share tonight?” so Bucky just kisses his forehead and puts him in his bed, crawling in next to him.

It’s twelve in the afternoon when Bucky says, “I enlisted and I leave in two weeks.” The next day when Steve is talking about their neighbor Mrs. Hollumsworth, and he can feel the anger and sadness radiating throughout the room.  Steve stands and doesn’t bother looking at Bucky before he leaves the apartment, coat hanging off of his dirty fingers.

Bucky waits until the sun is gone and the moon is hanging in the sky for Steve to come home, and as it nears midnight he starts to head to bed with half a bottle of bourbon filling his stomach. Bucky wonders, through the blurry spots, if Steve is at his ma’s or if he’s with that nice girl he met in the bookstore he works in and it makes him sick.  

Steve comes home when the sun has made the world orange, a sad smile on his face as he helped Bucky through his hangover, whispering, “I got you Buck. S’gonna be alright,” and Bucky almost tells him he loves him.

 

Bucky is twenty-seven and still trying to grasp onto his memories of Steve and life before he became a monster. There are chunks of a smiling blond boy with eyes so blue the sky looks grey and hands always blackened with charcoal. But this man, the one whose face resembled the Steve from his memories, knows him, called him Bucky. This man calls out to him, and for a moment, though brief, he can feel a response fighting up his throat, but all that comes out is, “Who are you?” and then his mind is screaming at him that he knows this man and that his man knows him, has known him since they were seven and looking for worms.

But this man looks nothing like the knobby kneed Steve in his fragmented memory and Bucky almost feels guilt eating at him when he sees the look of sadness cross over a grime covered face. Bucky runs away from him, mentally berating himself for being so cowardice and pathetic because, he knows that man. Bucky runs until he collapses in an alley way, lungs burning every time he so much as breathes too deeply. Bucky lets himself walk back to where his safe house is, gentle memories of a little blond man yelling at him for coming home late smelling like, “That ol’ whorehosue downtown, you know those places are filthy Buck,” ring in his ears until he collapses in the entry way.

It’s days later when he sees the man, Steve, in public, the urge to cup his face and stroke his cheeks heavy in his fingertips. It’s foreign, the feeling of longing in his system for another person, Bucky’s not used to it, or, he thinks he’s not. Bucky watches him interact with a red headed woman, envy pulsing through his body when he sees a small smile grace dusty pink lips.

Before he can stop himself, Bucky is walking over towards them and asking, “Who are you? I know I know you,” that he sees a small ounce of hope flicker on the man’s face and a soft, “I’m Steve,” and Bucky knows, somewhere deep in the recesses of his mind, he knows this ‘new’ Steve and the ‘old’ Steve are the same person.

Steve smiles gently at him and says, “