a small yet powerful shoulder. Lips came together, gently at first, discovering a taste never before sampled and the pair pecked and nipped at one another, larger man's touch running across a toned back now, scooping round to raise the other guy slightly.

On the balls of his feet, Levi used the blonde as a prop, leaning in and deepening their embrace, hedonistic moan escaping his open mouth as a tongue flicked over his pout, exploring and searching deliciously, twining with his own wet muscle. In the past he'd wanted to kill this prick, despised him with every fibre in his soul however time had revealed a wholly different set of emotions, the understanding between them leading to respect. Eventually they relied on one another so much that he could predict the Commander's next moves, sense his moods and know exactly how to get him out of a slump. Like by threatening to break his damn legs. Danger surrounded them every day, but this was the worst predicament they'd faced and the pale man broke away, staring up as he swiftly removed their remaining clothes.

Words were dispensed with, no longer required as the kiss began again, both ignoring any sense of cold or damp from the basement as Levi directed the blonde towards a wooden crate, contact maintained throughout the shuffled journey by lips and hands which stroked at equally erect shafts. Pushing, the Captain sent Erwin suddenly down onto the box, bronzed man sitting without argument as his subordinate knelt, eyes flashing as he gripped onto the base of a thick, throbbing cock, mouth ghosting over the top. Now was clearly not the time for teasing, veritable war being waged above so the one on the floor opened wide, swallowing every last bit that he could, throat breached and he sucked hard, employing fast motions from the outset.

"Shit...Levi…I always wondered what you'd feel like…" Curling to watch the action closely, cobalt pools twinkled as their owner smiled, a lazy sideways gesture which made him appear child-like in awe, touch raking through onyx locks as he'd craved to do for an unbelievable amount of months, years even. Silver discs looked up from under dropped lids, a seductive gaze seen before but never in this capacity, cheeks hollowed and noises of greedy enjoyment reverberating from within. A gasp of air denoted the end and Levi stood, not willing to have this drag out for ages - they were against the clock and he stepped forwards, offered hard flesh taken eagerly by the man with one arm. 

Fingers grabbed golden hair and a voice snarled deeply. "Yea…get me nice and wet Erwin…ahhh yes…" Twitching into the waiting mouth, he saw how clouds of relief crossed the Commander's features at his order, currently mute male thanking the walls that Levi was most certainly one to take charge in this respect, lead the passionate liaison and fill him completely. Shivering at that prospect, the suction increased along with pace and a croak suggested that this should cease now in case of unwanted conclusions. Erwin complied and glanced around, looking for an opportune place as he wiped saliva from his chin, hoping to everything holy that he'd last longer than three seconds, physical enjoyment a forgotten friend. 

The decision of location was made for him, white hands pushing him back and tugging his strong legs so he laid on the crate, lower limbs over the edge and feet on the ground. "This will have to do. Already got my knees all fucking dirty." The Captain moved to the guy's face, erection pointed down. "Spit." Leaning over, the blonde did as he was told and used a palm to moisten the solid shaft, thumbing the tip to elicit a hiss. Slowly jerking the man off with raw need in his eyes, Erwin groaned as Levi stretched out to press a digit to his entrance, hips bucking up. Using precum as lubrication, he spread the pearl of liquid and shook slightly as the pressure below turned into penetration, curled finger doing amazing work and another joined it soon after, scissoring and stretching with precision. Eventually it became too much to handle and a warning was given. 

"Levi…" No more needed to be said and the upright male took up position between muscular thighs, arm forcing one limb up to hold it under the crook of a knee. Guiding his swollen head inwards, he stared over the flushed face of his commanding officer, the one in control all this time, one who would now be in his grasp. Unable to exercise any hesitation, Levi thrust forwards, balls-deep instantly and the pair cried out, smaller man keeping himself up with a palm on Erwin's chest. Blue slits begged for more, pleaded for movement and raven hair spilled over a delicate jawline, lips parted. 

Growling in anticipation, the Captain pulled out, burying back inside harshly and he smirked, treating his receiver to a steady, pounding fuck. "Shit…so fucking tight Erwin…ahhhh…I was worried you'd be…ohhh fuck…all used up at your age…"

"It's been a while Levi…nghaaa