just make your own food. I mean you said you’ve been studying recipes...”

Byakuya set down his chopsticks. “Correct. We’ve been to bookstores and bought a range of cookbooks.”

He didn’t say they were secondhand but Touko saw this piece of trivia flash in his eyes, and Byakuya’s lips pressed tighter together.

“We should only be joining you at a few meals for a week or so,” said Touko, focusing on Makoto. “By then, we’ll know what we want to buy and we’ll have enough money put aside to fund it. Unless you would rather not have our company...?”

She and Byakuya stared at Makoto.

“No, it’s fine,” said Makoto with a nervous smile. “I could do with some honest advice on my cooking anyway...”

Komaru was happy with the arrangement that Makoto was glad to see the end of, and he reluctantly accepted two boxes of cornflakes as payment for his hospitality.

The supermarket was within a short walking distance of the apartment complex where they all lived and so, one night, the doors slid open to let in Byakuya and Touko, and thus started their first official shopping trip together. As closing time approached, the prices for perishable foods decreased, and this prospect of saving money attracted not only Byakuya and Touko but a number of other customers as well.

To Byakuya, that just made the occasion more exciting, and he encapsulated it with the word ‘battlefield’ as they stopped at an aisle with ready-made meals. The pop music that played over the speakers betrayed the proposed atmosphere, too lighthearted for a battle theme and annoyingly upbeat as well, but Touko nevertheless entertained herself by listening to Byakuya speak.

“Many meals can be bought pre-prepared,” he remarked, examining the ready-made meals on the shelves. He tapped one of the plastic containers and read aloud, “Katsu-don.”

Touko took her fingers off the handle of the trolley and stretched them out before holding on again. “That’s true, but they aren’t tailored to an individual’s taste, are they? It might be more spicy than you would want, and you can’t be sure that it doesn’t contain certain chemicals...”

Byakuya retracted his hand from the shelf and straightened up.

“Yes, these sorts of meals share a common base, don’t they?” he mused. “My tastes aren’t that of the average plebian.”

“If I cooked the food from scratch at home,” said Touko, leaning against his arm, “I could personalise it to your... desires.”

“Fukawa, you said you constructed a shopping list.”

“What? O-Oh, yes.” Touko delved in her coat pocket for a striped piece of paper from one of the notebooks. She oriented it and said, “The first item on the list is rice.”

Byakuya nodded and surveyed the aisle with narrowed eyes, as if a section for rice would appear before him on cue.

“It’s this way,” said Touko with a soft smile. She pushed the trolley to the end of the aisle. He followed alongside her, hands tucked into his armpits.

The supermarket had an entire aisle for rice. They came in different sizes, from packs that could be comfortably held in one hand to bulk bags that called for an entire arm. Brown rice, white rice, sushi rice, mochi rice - all sorts of rice lined the shelves. Touko chose a pack of rice that cost 210 yen and dropped it into the trolley. She scribbled the price onto her list.

“How would you rate the quality of that rice?” Byakuya asked, peering into the trolley.

“It’s affordable,” said Touko.

“That’s an answer to a different question.”

Her shoulders hunched. “It’s a good compromise between cost and taste. I plan to make some curry for us tomorrow.”

Byakuya let out a sigh and turned his head to the side. “Affordable... Cost... I remember when those words carried no relevance to me.”

Touko shifted her weight.

He pushed up his glasses and said, “What’s next on the list?”

“... Chicken.”

“Right.”

The supermarket boasted a fish counter that provided a generous selection of fish. In contrast, the meat counter was more limited in its options, and Touko decided after a few minutes deliberation to buy pre-cut chicken from the shelf. To make curry, she also needed curry powder, oil, salt and vegetables. Initially, the prices didn’t seem too expensive, but as the two of them wandered around the store, working their way through the shopping list, the total cost accumulated.

“I’ll push now,” said Byakuya as he deposited a cabbage into the trolley.

“Am I too slow?” she asked. She bit on her lip.

Byakuya added a few carrots to the trolley before going over to where she was standing. Touko moved to the side so he could assume his new position at the trolley.

“I just feel that I will be faster