brother.

"Say what?" Yuuri asked.

"I did well today," Mari said in a tone that told Yuuri he has no choice.

With an expression completely neutral, Yuuri deadpanned, "I, Mari Katsuki did well today,"

"Yuuri!" Mari scolded, rolling her eyes and began to mess up her baby brother's raven hair.

"Mari no!" Yuuri gasped, his arms flailing around attempting to grasp her sister’s hands.

"Say it!" Mari demanded in tone cracking with her mirth.

"Stop! Stop!"

"Alright Alright! You win!"

"I did well today!"

"I made myself proud!" Yuuri conceded, his annoyed eyes crinkled at his sister.

"Happy?" the alpha Prince asked crossing his arms like a scorned child.

The Crown Princess let out a bark of a laugh, at her baby brother's adorable expression. "A little bit," Mari admitted taking a sip from her cigar.

Thinking they were done, Yuuri turned around to join the Ball once more, however his sister had one more question to ask him. Tell me Yuuri," the alpha Princess inquired her back to younger sibling.

"When it comes to politics, who do you trust the most?"

Yuuri's eyebrows crinkled, "You, of course," the younger alpha revealed immediately.

Mari rounded over to face her sibling and shook her head, "Wrong," the alpha Princess said giving Yuuri a pointed stare.

Yuuri's eyes widen, tilting his head, "Myself?" the alpha asked, caressing his eyes at Mari for confirmation.

"Yes you," Mari affirmed, "Trust you gut instinct, it's almost always right."

Yuuri bite his lips,” Then when it's not?" teenager asked with a nervous, high-pitch laughter.

Mari sighed and pressed her lips together in a thin line, 'Oh Yuuri why can't you just trust yourself.' the alpha Princess lamented in behalf of her brother.

"You have a rare gift, otouto," Mari began, her hues staring piercingly at Yuuri.

"When it comes to tough decisions you can be pragmatic and that makes you the perfect politician."

"But you also have kind heart which makes people fall in love with you pledge their loyalty towards you as their leader."

"They are both traits that are a marker of a great King," the alpha Princess said, her eyes beaming with pride towards her younger brother.

However, as usual Yuuri immediately dismissed any praise that was bestowed upon him, "I had a good mentor," the First Prince protested.

"Those are not things I taught you. It’s something you have to learn yourself." Mari said exhaling the smoke from her breath forcefully. "Also, I'm not always going to be around to help you." the Princess elaborated, in a slightly cryptic tone.

Yuuri smiled shyly, " I know that, but when I take on diplomatic missions on your behalf, it's your lessons I will always follow," the alpha said staring up to her sister.

"Of course, but-"

"Prince Katsuki?" A meek voice interrupted the Princess mid-sentence.

It was Minister Leung, a beta diplomat from Taiwan that came to Australia in behalf of his country. The beta's eyes blew up when he saw who Yuuri was with and he immediately prostrated himself in bow and stammered, "Begging you pardon Princess Katsuki."

"The light was dim outside and I thought Prince Katsuki was alone."

"I'm sorry for interrupting you both," the Minster apologised again and began to leave.

"Is there a reason you were looking for me?" Yuuri asked with a kind smile.

Minster Leung's cheeks colored, leading to Mari internally chuckle. 'And another victim falls to his snare,' the alpha Princess bemoaned hiding her grin with her hand. Over the years Mari's little brother has unintentionally broker many-a-hearts and seems the Foreign Minster of Taiwan was not immuned to her brother's charms either.

"No- I mean, yes- " the beta stammered, until he composed himself. "If it's not to presumptuous, can I please have the next dance with you, your highness?" the Minster asked, his eyes gleaming hopefully.

Yuuri for a moment looked taken a back, but with a disarming smile he said, "Of course." Which lead to the beta Minster's cheeks bloom even more crimson.

'Kami help that man,' Mari prayed silently in behalf of the smitten man.

The beta nodded and then pointed at the Ball, "I guess I'll meet you there," the Minster turning to back to re-join the party.

"It was nice meeting you Princess Katsuki," the beta awkwardly blurted out, waving a stiff hand at the Crown Princess.

Yuuri shook his head, "Sorry about that,"

"That's alright, he's being eyeing you all day," Mari dismissed with her hand.

"He has?" Yuuri blinked, his gaze dipping at the young Minster, who was very easy on the eye, waiting patiently for the First Prince