. "It's a band called BTS, the song is called We are bulletproof pt. 2." 

Rei raises an eyebrow, "You like Korean music?"

 Nagisa nods enthusiastically, "Never mind that, Rei-chan! We're going somewhere!" Rei's eyes widen."Nagisa-kun, where are we go-NAGISA-KUN!" Nagisa giggles as he drags Rei outside.

.................... 

"Nagisa-kun, why are we outside a nightclub?"

Nagisa raises an eyebrow. "We are going in of course, Rei-chan!" Rei forces his arm out of Nagisa's grip.

"We are not going into a bar. We are underage and there are too many risks. We don't even have ID's. We could get intoxicated. Decision-making skills reduced to mere nothing with just a few beverages. Absolutely not!"

"Loosen up, Rei-chan! I have fake ID's for the both of us. We don't even need them! My cousin owns the place. Let's go!"

"Your cousin? Wai-," Rei starts, but the words die on his tongue. Oh fuck it. I can't convince him.

....................

After a lengthy conversation with his cousin, Nagisa drags Rei to a table inside the club. They sit down. Rei looks around, the fluorescent lights reflecting off the bright dance floor into his eyes.





He sighs. This is going to be a long ni-

"Rei-chan!" Rei slowly looks up.  

"Yes, Nagisa-kun?"

"Thanks for coming with me!" A slight blush appears on his cheeks. Rei notices, and blushes as well.

"N-no problem."

 A long night indeed.

....................

"I'm gonna go get us drinks!"

"Nagisa-kun, wai- or not." Nagisa is already at the bar, excitedly talking to the bartender. Rei sighs, and pulls out his phone to research the effects of alcohol on minors.

....................

Nagisa thrusts  a colourful drink into Rei's hands.

"Here ya go, Rei-chan!" Rei looks down at the drink and raises an eyebrow. It is a lightish purple drink, almost the colour of his eyes.

 

He looks back up at Nagisa, "Nagisa-kun, what exactly is this?"

"A Purple Nipple," Nagisa says simply. Rei's eyes widen.

"A WHAT?"

 Nagisa giggles, "A Purple Nipple, Rei-chan! I saw some guy drinking it, and it reminded me of your eyes, so I got us some." Rei looks away, feeling his face heat up.

 "T-thank you, Nagisa-kun."

"Is Rei-chan," Nagisa raises on his tip toes, getting close to Rei's ear, "blushing?" Rei takes a step back and pushes up his glasses, his face flushing more.

"I am not blushing. There is not sufficient lighting in this building, so you cannot see as clearly. You have poor visibility right now. That is all."

Nagisa blinks. "Whatever you say, Rei-chan."

....................

 A couple of drink later, Nagisa was starting to get a bit tipsy. Rei, on the other hand, was drinking a virgin gin and tonic. He did not want to get drunk. Too many risks.

Nagisa gets up from his chair and walks over to the other side of the table, grabbing Rei's hand. Rei’s face heats up for the umpteenth time that night at the sudden contact.

"Let's dance, Rei-chan!" He starts to pull Rei towards the centre of the club, but Rei squirms out of Nagisa's grip.

"Absolutely not! I shall not dance."

 

Nagisa looks up at Rei, mischief in his eyes.

"Why not?" Rei looks away. Nagisa gasps. "Have you never danced?"

"I never saw the need to dance. I see no health benefits or reasons to participate in the activity."Nagisa grabs on to Rei's hand once again, successfully dragging him into the middle of the dance floor.

"Then I'm going to teach Rei-chan to dance."

Nagisa grabs Rei's other hand, guiding them to his waist. "Follow my lead, ok?" "A-alright."

Nagisa starts to move, swaying back and forth. Rei tires to mimic his movements, but he's doesn't want to bump into someone and make a fool out of himself. He keeps looking at his feet and at the people around, his head going back and forth frequently.

"Rei-channnnn," Nagisa whines. Rei finally returns Nagisa's gaze. "Stop looking around like that."

"But I don't want to run into anyone," Rei goes to look behind himself again, but Nagisa grabs his face, keeping it from moving.

"Don't you dare look back again. Just keep your eyes on me, Rei-chan."

"Fine."

Rei keeps his eyes on Nagisa, and they start to sway to the music again.

....................

A