, so thick it was suffocating. 

Lance shivered and shook his head a little. "I feel... Fine, I gu-"

His vision pulsed.

"GAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!" A scream escaped from the depths of his throat.

"Lance!?" Keith shouted, hating he was only able to watch him suffer.

Lance dropped from the air, the sickening sound of a thud echoing from his place.

"...Lance?" Keith asked, slowly edging forward. Lance remained unresponsive, his white sparks causing the occasional twitch.

"Hey, Lance?" Matt began to tap on the glass, unable to do much else.

Pidge's heart fell. She'd failed again. And this time, she'd possibly killed him. She began to sniffle and cry, she couldn't lose Lance again, she couldn't. She'd only just got him back.

Everyone was stiff, holding onto hope that he would respond.

 

Keith was first to notice.

"Hey, what's going on with his glow?"

It was fading, ever so slightly, and the electrified galaxy began to melt off of his skin, replaced by a familiar amber honey color.

"His... His skin!" Pidge was jumping with excitement. "His skin, his skin, his skin!"

Keith relaxed at the sight of his skin. Oh, how he'd missed that amber honey.

"Don't celebrate yet, Pidge." Allura's voice was cold as it pierced through the air, leaving it broken and uncomfortable. "He could be... Dead. There's a possibility the quintessence died due to his life force being absent." Her voice shook when she said these words, but her face remained set and strong.

Lance stirred slowly, picking himself up off of the ground. He turned to them, his eyes white, but they returned to blue as soon as he saw their faces.

Lance slowly stood, staggering just a little bit, trying his best to keep himself upright. He stared at his hands. They were... Brown? But how? Was it Pidge's-

...


It was Pidge's antidote.


He rushed towards the glass wall, trembling with every step.

"Pidge!" He yelled. "Pidge, it worked!"

He placed his hands on the wall, smiling his brightest smile, the same smile he gave Keith when he was stuck in the pod.

Keith's heart skipped a beat.

Pidge, Hunk, and Matt all had their faces and hands pressed against the wall, greeting Lance and smiling until their faces cramped. Keith stood in the background with Allura. Both of them were smiling, but Keith's smile definitely outshines Allura's.

Matt opened the hatch and let Lance out. Keith was the first to hug him, which really shocked everyone, but it didn't last long. Soon, Matt, Pidge, Hunk, and Allura had piled on to him with Keith.

Lance decided, that with Keith's arms wrapped securely around his waist and his nose buried into Lance's neck, that there was no place he'd rather be.

 

Lance was finally able to touch people again, to caress Pidge's tear-streaked cheeks, to give Hunk a huge hug, to wrap his arms around Allura as she sobbed into his shoulder, to lay a hand on Coran's shoulder to let him know he was there, to grab Keith's hands as a comfort tactic. 

He could finally show affection, show love, show caring. 

He could finally pet Blue again, who had been dysfunctional without Lance, and refused to do anything without him. Needless to say, Blue was bursting with joy.

He could finally eat with the paladins, join in at dinner, smile, laugh, cry, love.

He'd never been so happy.

 

Conversing with the Holts, Hunk, and Keith made him feel like part of a family again. He'd been so secluded in that cage, kept hidden away in a distant part of the castle. He much preferred it here, with the paladins, a makeshift home until he could get back.


Home.


How he missed it.

But with him here... With the paladins, Matt, Allura, and last but definitely not least, Coran, he felt more at home in space than he ever had before.

That, however, never stopped him from thinking about home, and wondering just what his family was doing. Were they better off believing he was dead? Were they better off with one less child? He constantly wondered about these questions. He wondered what Mrs. Holt was doing right now. He just hoped that, in some way, they'd be able to let her know that Pidge is alive and well, as is her son. Same for Hunk's parents, too. Just imagining the pain they must be going through bore a hole deep in Lance's heart, which hurt more with every thought he had about them.


Home.


Lance let these thoughts carry him to sleep, the first normal sleep he'd had in forever. He felt comfortable