front of him.

It wasn’t unusual either, for Makoto’s drawings to be dotted and stained with the occasional teardrop running down his beautiful face. It hurt so much to see his best friend this way. It hurt to see him grip the pencil and write a small ‘For Haru’ at the bottom of each creation. It hurt so much.

Had Haru been human, this might, just might, have made him cry.

Makoto's mind is falling to pieces, and sometimes Haru really regrets his wishes.

Here's the next chapter, hope you like it ^^ (concrit is very welcome please and thank you)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Haru hadn’t shaken off his water-loving habits at all. Whenever he came back from school, Makoto would find him lying in the sink, sleeping. Cats sleep a lot, after all, and since Haru couldn’t swim freely he decided to just be one with the water. Makoto would always smile to himself and stroke his soaked fur, laughing softly and murmuring how ‘Haru-like’ he was.

Whenever Makoto was taking a soak in the tub, Haru would stride into the bathroom silently and pounce onto the boy unsuspectingly. Makoto would yelp in surprise before chuckling and letting Haru into the water.

“I didn’t know cats liked water so much. Do you like to take baths?”

Haru, sitting in Makoto’s hands, would rub his head against Makoto’s stomach affectionately and purr loudly. Do you recognise me now? It’s me, Haru! The actual Haru! I’m right here. Notice me, Makoto.

But of course, Makoto didn’t know. He didn’t know that Haru had been reincarnated. He had no idea that it was Haru that was by his very side right now. He couldn’t know.

~

“I’m really going to name you Haru-chan,” Makoto smiled as he stroked the cat gently.

Haru had turned down the offer for tuna in favour of the more simple mackerel. Mackerel, the one food that Haru loved so much it had become a part of his life. Makoto, still squatting on the floor as Haru-chan ate his food hungrily, sighed dreamily.

“Haru-chan, you’re exactly like Haru. Sometimes, I wonder if you’re actually Haru.”

His ears perked up. Blue eyes immediately turned to look at Makoto, heartbeat fast and chest tight. Yes, yes I’m Haru! But Makoto was just daydreaming happily; eyes closed and head in his hands. Haru didn’t even bother meowing to get his attention. Makoto just wouldn’t get it.

This was enough for now.

 

 

Haru wasn’t sure when it started, but something must have went off in Makoto’s brain for him to start acting this way. It was weird, it felt weird, to have Makoto talk to him as if he were human. As if he were the Haru that Makoto longed for. Was this the result of breaking Makoto beyond repair?

“Haru,” Makoto would whisper at night, when Haru was comfortably snuggled next to him, “Today was fun, right? I hope we have another good day tomorrow.”

He would drop off to sleep, a small smile on his lips, occasionally breathing ‘Haru’ in his sleep. Haru didn’t know what to make of it. He was but a mere cat right now, and here Makoto was talking to him like he were a person. Having normal conversations with him. Haru this, Haru that.

Talking to a cat this way simply couldn’t be normal.

~

“Haru-chan, what would you like for breakfast?”

He almost wanted to hiss harshly in response, a ‘lay off the –chan’ like he’d always say. But he caught himself in time, remembering the state Makoto’s mind was in right now – complete disarray.

Haru rubbed his body affectionately against Makoto’s legs. Maybe this will help him realise I’m a cat. Dense, broken Makoto wouldn’t stop. Couldn’t stop. It was as if just by doing this, he was healing himself from the loss. Just by talking to a cat, by pouring out his feelings to an animal, Makoto was starting to smile a little more.

Did I do this to Makoto? Haru started to regret ever harbouring thoughts and wishes for Makoto to finally recognise him trapped in a cat’s body. The Makoto right now was rather…scary.

“Here, Haru, mackerel.”

Taking a seat next to him, Makoto looked as Haru ate up his meal quietly.

“How is it? It’s nice, isn’t it? You still haven’t stopped loving mackerel, Haru. You should eat other food sometimes, I don’t think this is healthy for you.”

There he goes again, Haru swallowed his food, always worrying about me.

But Haru couldn’t stop the churning in his stomach, or the nauseating feeling