like, how fuckin' good you look right now," Liam remarks, closes his eyes and by the way his chest is moving, his breathing transforming from relaxed to heavy, Zayn can tell he's getting close and that's what makes the movement of his head speed up, what makes his mouth tighten, and what makes his hand tense, fingers quivering against his cock. He wants Liam to come — needs him to come.

He shuffles closer to Liam, his legs indenting the couch in front of him, but he doesn't care that it scratches roughly at his bare skin. Can't because Liam's moaning, hoisting his hips, gripping onto the black strands of Zayn's wild hair, curling his fingers.

"Pull off, wanna come on your lips, c'mon, Zayn," Liam babbles, peeking down at him as Zayn slowly pulls off, his hand loosening for a moment or two until he's tipping his head forward, hand going straight back to work because he needs this. Liam needs this.

Zayn's surprised when Liam places a hand over his own because he isn't looking at him. He's got his head tilted backwards, neck bent, adam's apple popping out and if Zayn could, he'd crawl up, bite on his neck until a patch of his skin was black and blue and Liam was proud of him for marking him as his own.

Liam comes with a husky moan, Zayn's name drizzling from his tongue, the fingers of his right hand in Zayn's hair and the sharp nails of his left hand digging into Zayn's own, breaking the skin, tempting a small amount of blood to seep through as he spills out onto the boy's mouth.

The smirk that sneaks over the edges of Zayn's lips could be considered sinister, if it wasn't for the childish eyes staring back at Liam, wide and beaming with come on his lips, dribbling down his chin. His tongue pokes out, swipes across his lower lip, groans at the familiar taste.

"Stay like that," Liam demands abruptly, grabbing his phone from the armrest.

He snaps a picture of Zayn with come on his face and happiness in his eyes. 

Zayn sees the surge of happiness sparking at Liam's features, glazing over his eyes; the perks of being observant. It's swift, hesitant, and disappears faster than it came. But it happened. It was there. Liam's happy.

"So." Zayn says, his tongue assembling the sticky white liquid from his lips. He swallows, like the good boy he is, and wipes away the residue, the come his tongue can't reach on his chin, with the sleeve of his sweater. "You gonna tell me what's got you so fucked, Li?"

Liam reaches down, tugs his jeans back up his legs, doesn't spare Zayn a three second glance. "Grown up stuff, Zayn. You wouldn't understand."

By that, Zayn knows Liam means something illegal.

( He loves him too much to give a damn anymore. If Liam wants to do something, he'll do it, regardless of the consequences. )

Instead of interrogating him further, Zayn huffs at that, ignores the intense ache of his own cock curved against his stomach. "I understand a lot more than you think."

"Never said you didn't, babe," Liam says, raises to his feet and takes off towards the bathroom.

"Where are you going?" Zayn questions, silently refusing to tear his gaze away from Liam.

The bloke with a guarded heart and an obsession with driving too fast. Even with Zayn cruising in the passenger seat.

Liam pauses, places his broad hand on the door frame, nodding in the direction of the bathroom whilst looking over his shoulder. "I'm gonna shower— you comin' or what, darling?"

It's stupid how bright Zayn's face lights up and it's absolutely ridiculous how fast he darts into the bathroom, Liam's jumper on the floor within seconds, replaced with the delicious sensation of Liam's hands floating over his skin.

Showering with Liam is his second favourite thing.

His first favourite thing? Liam.

Because Zayn doesn't fail to see the good in him behind all the various brands of cigarettes he smokes. Behind all the ominous glares and a sloppy kiss with a clenched fist punching the closest wall whenever Zayn takes it upon himself to daringly provoke everything Liam thought he was doing so well at concealing.

Zayn makes Liam weak. Anyone can see that from planets away.

Liam's the fire. Zayn's the fuel.

If they want to go up in a fury of possessive flames, then so be it.

 

Liam's lips taste like sweet, sweet cherryade when they're laying in bed that night. Probably because he'd guzzled two whole bottles an hour before.

Zayn can't get enough. He kisses Liam until black and white transforms into lilac and dark purple