re rich!?" We asked,surprised. 


They can't be or at least they can't seem to be, just like Lodie, Dalt and Me.


"No. We have some land to the side of our house, that's used for presentation."

The imginary  crickets chiped again in full earnest. Mariana sighed.

"My brother should be hear in a few minutes and we'll go hand me."

We waited a total of five minutes before her brother, Nic came by in her SUV and cane and pick us up.

"Hey Gabriella and Charlie," Nic said as we walked out of the room.

"Yeah!?"

"You smell like an omega, Gabriella and like an alpha, Charlie."

"..."

"And Dalt?"

"Hmm..."

"You smell like a girl."

End Chapter 2

I hated the idea of my family finding out I was self- medicating. So sitting in Mariana's house with everyone's parents staring down at us, pretty much meant that right now I was in a living nightmare. Joy. 

Everyone but Mariana was tense, we were sitting on a set of couches, sofas, and love-seats, all in a circle, us kids on one side and the adults on the other. All the while Mariana was lounging on the small sofa, taking selfies and pictures of everybody. 

"Will you stop with your liberal agenda!" 

"It ain't a liberal agenda, it's me posting and tweeting and tumbling that I've presented and I'll have things to announce after it." Mariana replied, oddly snappy.

The room fell slient again and the tense creepy back in with a vengeance. I could hear the non-existent crickets this time.  Are they louder"

A sigh escape from one of the parents mouth.

"Why didn't you tell us?"

Charlie, Dalt and I looked up, and then looked back at our hands. I don't why the boys  boy and girl didn't tell them, but I knew why I didn't. It was because I didn't want to deal with any of it. I didn't want to deal with people disbelief that I was an omega, that they thought I didn't think so highly of myself as a gamma and was wishing I could change. I didn't want to deal with my parents disappointment that I wasn't going to be the gamma daughter they always wanted. I just...I just want to be the me that's truly me.

"Gabi?"

"It's...just..." I sighed. "I've always known I..." I took a deep breath. "I was an omega, every since forever, I've been an omega."

"Dalt? Charlie?" I heard Mrs.Hughes ask .

Utter silence. Not a word came out either boys mouth. Just utter silence.  

 "Please say..." A sigh came out "something."

The non-existent crickets chirped again.

"Can we go to our rooms," Mariana stated "If we stay here any longer we'll all be very embarrassed."

A sigh escape for all the adults and Mts.Dia asked, "You won't mind showing them to their rooms."

"No, sir."

We got up and left, and I for one was glad that we left that shirt-tightening, nerve-racking room. We were in the backyard of the Mariana's family estate, I could see four small houses, all identically, each was a gray-silver-white marble, and look to be about two-stories tall. They were in a square formation, and while they looked pretty close together far away as we got closer and closer they seemed to be several miles apart.

"This is were the alphas and omegas part ways." Mariana said in a sing-song voice.

I felt a bit of blush, that Mariana accept my...my...trans-ness (?) so easily. 

"So...uh...where do we go?" Mark asked gesturing towards him and Charlie.

"I'll tell you that in a sec, first order of business is educating you two,"Mariana said pointing at Charlie and I.

"What business?" Charlie quipped back.

"Hey don't be so mean to one of the omegas in your pack." Everyone but Mariana blushed at that. "Anyway, you two should know you're going through an omega and alpha presenting not a gamma or delta one, so it'll be longer both by nature and the fact that your body still got to do some re-calibrating."

"Re-calibrating?" We asked.

Mariana sighed. "It's like you didn't even pay attention in health class," She sighed again. "Honestly. Anyway, since you're were born as a delta and gamma and are transiting to alpha and omega, your bodies ate alternating yourselves to fit the hormones that its been making. Same with Dalt, except it's girl hormones not boy's." Mariana stopped. "Now you alphas go that