the guilt for it. While Ted and Cynthia had done their best to keep Kinnetik on track, Brian Kinney was still needed at the helm and Justin was more than willing to lend a hand. They had a long talk about shared responsibility, about letting Justin help.

It also appeared that the charges against Judge Roy Russo were going to stick and it looked like he was going to get what was coming to him and not just a suspended sentence as Chris Hobbs had. Yet another reason to be celebrating.

Justin set down his bottle and looked out onto the dance floor. Suddenly the atmosphere changed. The music seemed muted as the sea of men parted and two striking men moved through them, closely followed by three others. A grin spread across Justin's face. "Josh!"

The man in question swooped Justin up giving him one hell of a kiss, much to Brian's disapproval. The man next to Josh held out his hand. "How's things going, Bri, Ted?"

"Counselor." Brian smiled. "Welcome to Babylon. Who are your friends?"

Doug reached out to shake the hand being offered. His eyes scanned the bar area and the group surrounding Brian. Justin, of course was near enough to touch. Ted, too, was nearby. Next to Ted was the man he had yet to meet and hopefully the man with all the answers. Emmett Honeycutt.

One of the guys behind him reached into his jacket and pulled out a card, handing it to Brian. Brian glanced at it, then looked at the man who'd given it to him. "You've got to be joking." He looked back down at the card.

Day and Knight Detective Agency. We work around the clock Kevin Day Eric Knight

"They're very good. As you should know," Doug reminds him, then pulled the last man, older but fit, forward. "And this is Judge Marcus Kent without whose help we might not have pulled your case off."

"Yeah," Brian admitted, then turned to the guy manning the bar and indicated the group. "Drinks are on the house. Hey, Em." He waved over the man standing on the outskirts of the group.

No longer the open and friendly man he once was, Emmett, his reddish hair clipped close to his scalp, slipped closer to his friends. His face was still battered and one arm was held close to his chest in a sling.

"Hey, Hot Stuff, you wanna dance," Kevin raised a brow and asked Emmett.

Emmett, unable to look Kevin in the eye, moved closer to Brian. "No. Sorry, but no." He shook his head and lifted the arm in the sling.

Kevin smiled softly, seeing the gesture for the excuse that it was. He leaned in close, opening his jacket just enough to reveal his gun and whispered. "You don't have to be afraid. We won't let anything happen to you." Then he nodded toward his partner, whose dark hair and slanted eyes suggested that he was of Asian descent. "And my little friend here is an expert in the martial arts."

"Who are you calling little?" Eric said as he slammed his boot down hard on Kevin's foot. Eric muttered. "I may be short, but I've got a nine inch dick."

Which Kevin confirmed as he pounced up and down holding his hurt foot.

With Brian's snickering echoing in his ear, Emmett allowed himself to be led to the dance floor and found himself sandwiched in-between two hot looking guys. It took awhile, but Emmett soon found himself relaxing within the arms holding him and enjoying the night.

The questions would come later, now was a time for celebration. They were here to dance among other things. Brian and Justin, Doug and Josh, Ted and Marcus. They switched amongst themselves, dancing, drinking and having a good time, but Emmett found himself captive to Kevin and Eric and for a good reason. Brian was free of all charges, his business was even booming, but out there somewhere someone had wanted Emmett hurt and Brian blamed. All they had to do was find out whom.

QAF

Brian groaned as he raised his aching head and dropped it back onto his pillow. He brought one hand to his head, his other arm being weighted down. He opened one bleary eye and caught sight of a blond head, no longer the golden blond that he remembered. The head moved, snuggling closer and blue eyes opened. Justin looked as bad as Brian felt.

"Good morning." Justin croaked.

Brian smiled and even that hurt. "Can I have my arm back? I need to piss."

Justin lifted his head and rolled over, pulling the duvet up as Brian rolled out of bed and realized the room he was in wasn't his.

"What the fuck!"

Justin turned over to look at him, and sat up suddenly as he noticed the same thing.

Brian rolled his lips inward and looked worried. Then the door opened and a head popped around it.

"Hey