any other, because it's the only time he can be away from his job, from the people who are starting to know him better than his own fucking family. 

Zayn looks up from where his hand, sure and always steady, is cupping around the burning end of the joint, to settle his gaze on Matt. Matt, who is tucked into the shitty, worn couch on their rickety patio across from Zayn. Zayn only frowns, and takes another drag, so long and exaggerated that he can feel the acrid smoke sticking to his lungs, making a home inside his throat and burning him like it's revenge for every bad decision he's ever made.

Matt raises an eyebrow at him, just one, making a face that is probably supposed to be some kind of a warning, but Zayn just smirks at him, all mirth and amusement, because it's his weed, and he'll take as many hits as he wants.

Matt's a good guy, nice enough and pretty friendly, with an athletic build that used to make Zayn feel self conscious about his bony ankles and his thin wrists. They met in Venice, outside of a shop that sells Medical Marijuana cards, coincidentally. Matt was someone that Zayn would have never had the nerve to speak to, that kind of attractiveness that makes you feel unsettled, like you need to push your hair back from your face or look in a mirror to make sure you haven't got something in your teeth. And sure, Zayn knows he's attractive, that he has nice cheekbones, sharp and angular, and a nice mouth, a pretty, open smile and kind eyes. But when beauty is met with toned, winding muscle and a quiet, graceful confidence, there is no match for it. 

So when Matt had turned his gaze on him, all full force and demanding, Zayn hadn't been sure what to do. He was lost for words, having tuned out everything that the man before him had been saying, and he felt awful, like a complete mess when he stumbled over his words asking him to repeat himself. Matt had just laughed, barked out a sound that was so pure, so honest, and clapped Zayn on the shoulder. He settled his gaze on him, all fond and polite, and Zayn allowed himself to smile shyly in return.

After that, they became good enough friends, Matt becoming the person he would text if he needed advice on minute, insignificant stoner things, like whether he should pick up indica or sativa, if it was better to smoke a specific type with a pipe, or rolled, or however. They were best acquaintances, Zayn liked to always think, before Matt moved in two years ago and became a part of Zayn's dysfunctional Newport family. Now Zayn can resolutely say that the brunet is the person that's closest to him, the person that can sense when he's sad or angry or hurt, can tell when he needs to be left alone or needs someone's solid, warm body pressed against his own with quiet words of reassurance murmured against the back of his neck -- against the fantail that's tattooed into his skin. He loves Matt, he truly does, and he doesn't know what he would do without him. Without his presence, Zayn was sure that he was doomed to fall apart. 

So he only takes one more drag, hand still guarding the joint from the relentless wind that whips south from the Pacific, the same wind Zayn felt piercing his cheeks every Saturday evening as the day bleeds into night. He makes a disgruntled noise, like he's unhappy about having to share his weed, but he passes it to Matt anyway, who takes it with a victorious smile on his pretty features, his familiar countenance playing a part in calming Zayn's nerves. He knows his face so well, the jut of his strong jaw and the slope of his straight, long nose -- his dark eyebrows that rival Zayn's in their thickness, the eyes that are the wrong kind of green, but pretty nonetheless. There's a part of Matt that feels a lot like home.

When Matt takes a pull, and then another, Zayn draws his gaze away from him to look out to the water, to watch as the sun sets against it. He's lucky, he knows, to be one of the few lucky people that get to watch the sun kiss the edge of the earth every single night, to get to bask in the great part nature that plays such an important role in Zayn's life. He's sure that if he lived anywhere else, a place that was landlocked and far from the water, a place that was trapped by its carbon copies, he would never feel any semblance of happiness again. The idea of living in a house in the middle of the suburbs, of having to pay a mortgage and water a lawn that's identical to his neighbor's, and his neighbor's neighbor, was repulsive to him. So he busted his ass, worked