of the room upstairs so that I am not a bother with it later.”

The answer came as Erestor passed by and draped a paper holly wreath over Glorfindel’s head.  “I hereby appoint you co-chairman of the decorations committee,” declared Erestor as he continued past into the parlor.

Decorating turned out to be more involved than Glorfindel expected.  Not only were there paper flowers to be draped over the mantle and dangle from the ceiling, but there were chains of holly to adorn the archways, ornaments to be hung on the pine tree Elladan set up in the parlor several days earlier, and a centerpiece for the dining table.  Extra candles were set out and lit, and the usual bright lamps were extinguished to give the house a warm yet lazy glow.

“When everyone returns, we can all open the gifts,” said Erestor.  “Then after that, we can gorge on whatever sweets Celebrian made and roll ourselves off to bed.”

“Oh!  Speaking of bed—“ began Glorfindel, meaning all day to tell Erestor he certainly could use the couch if it would provide for an awkward situation.

“I almost forgot about that!” Erestor shooed Glorfindel to the stairs.  “Go get whatever you need from your room for the next week or so.  Then you will not need to disturb Celeborn and Galadriel during their stay.”

Glorfindel nodded and took the now empty basket with him to collect some clothing and the book he was in the middle of reading.  He saw that the blanket usually on his bed was folded and set on a chair in the corner.  He considered taking it with him, but instead he tucked it away in the closet. 

There was an envelope tucked under the vase of paper flower, and he carefully added these into the basket.  Inside the envelope were all of the notes that Erestor had written him, since the first one that was delivered with the vase.  While they likely would have been safe in his room, and there was a fair chance that Erestor would discovered he had even kept the note from council one afternoon when Erestor slid him a message that read: 

 


if Galdor complains about one more thing I think my ears are going to bleed


 

:Glorfindel felt much better knowing that the notes were all in his possession.  He came back down to find the parlor empty.  Further investigation led him to Erestor’s room, where the occupant was fussing over how many blankets the bed should have and where the extra pillows were.

“After sleeping on chunks of drifting ice, I stopped worrying whether I would have two pillows or one,” Glorfindel announced when he entered the room.  “And thank you.  I would have been content sleeping on the floor.”

“I would not be.  I would feel like a terrible host.”  Erestor turned and his eyes fell to the vase on the top of the pile in the basket.  “And a terrible friend,” he added.  “Here, let me show you where you can put things.  I cleared out the top drawer of the dresser for you.”

As Erestor helped Glorfindel to put things away, the blond noticed how close Erestor stood to him.  ‘Of course he is, you idiot,’ he mentally scolded himself.  ‘The room is small and he has to show you where things are.’  He was pulled away from his inner monologue as Erestor showed him where the rest of the important things in the room were.

Glorfindel took note of the bedding as he was directed to see if the pillow was fluffy enough for him to manage with just the one.  It was an earthy green tone, and he pointed to it in the midst of the tour.  “What color would you say that is?” he asked.

Erestor paused and looked down.  “I would say that it is some sort of mossy green.  Like a fern or a sage or something.”  He turned around to find Glorfindel suddenly silent and pouting a little.  “What?” he asked with an amused voice.

“You are not helping matters,” was all Glorfindel would answer as he looked into eyes that matched the yet unnamed color.  “Is there anything you prefer I not touch while I am staying in here?”

“You can touch anything in here you want,” Erestor replied, and Glorfindel’s cheeks took on a rosy tint when Erestor crossed the room.  “Oh,” said Erestor, almost too casually as he picked up something that was sitting on the desk.  “I almost forgot about this decoration.”  He turned around at the same time Glorfindel stepped closer to see what Erestor was referring to.  In one hand, Erestor held one last paper creation – a spiral of what looked to be mistletoe.  He was holding it up as high as he could, so that it was over both of their heads (though Glorfindel was so tall, a few of the paper leaves almost nudged his forehead.

Still not immune to blushing, Glorfindel turned his reddened face slightly to the side and chuckled.  Erestor ran his tongue along the inside of his cheek with a small smile.  “Too obvious?” he joked.

“A… a little,” admitted Glorfindel as he shuffled a half step forward so that Erestor would