And Finds That By Sharing The Tape With Another She May Escape It's Curse, Later She Attempts To Help The Culprit Of These Mysterious Murders But Learns From The Young Male That She Was Not Supposed To And Barely Manages To Save His Life, Including Several Death Scenes And A Sense Of Horror Throughout.”

 “...Dude, is that the troll version of The Ring?”

“I have no fucking clue, what, do you think I'm suddenly an expert on your vastly inferior human movies, with titles shorter than how long you last during love-making, which is saying something.”

“Wow, that was a low blow. I am awesome at sex and you know it.”

“Whatever makes you feel better about yourself, lovenut.”

“Oh, fuck off. We're here anyway.” Karkat blinks and glances around his surroundings, raising his eyebrows at the neon sign glowing on the building you're parked in front of.

“What the hell is a... ka-ra-o-kay?”

You too busy giggling over his pronunciation for a moment for the implications of his question to hit you. When you realize, you pause. “Wait... trolls don't have karaoke?”

“Well gee, maybe if you told me what the fuck it was I would know! What, am I supposed to guess what it is and tell you whatever word we might have for it, assuming that is not something so dickshittingly stupid that we don't have it at all?

“Oh, right. Um. I dunno how to describe it really. Hm. It's like, singing and stuff, I guess.”

“...Singing and stuff.”

“Eh!” You flap your arms a little, as if that will help you think of how to describe it. “Well, anyway though, at a karaoke bar you kinda go up on a stage and sing for the other people there. It's tons of fun, I think.” You've actually never been to one, really. You have no idea why that idea popped into your head. “Anyway though, to settle our fight, we're gonna have a sing-off. Whoever gets the loudest applause wins.”

“...That's how you want to pick a movie.”

“Yup!”

“For fucks sake! If I knew you were going to go through such a painstaking process for it I would've just let you pick the goddamn movie!” He pauses. “...No I wouldn't. But still.”

“Dude, there's no use fighting it. We are doing it man. Where-”

“Finish that reference and you're going to have a little trouble singing considering that your vocal cords will have been shoved in one ear and out the other.”

“Fair enough.” You chuckle as you unbuckle (heheheyyy, that rhymed) your seatbelt. “Let's do it!” He groans heavily, but complies. This is going to be awesome.

 

---

 

You take a deep breath from where you're standing on stage. Not cause you're nervous. You've never been one to get stage fright. It's just to prepare your vocals.

You can see Karkat from where you stand. Hunched in his seat, scowling heavily. A small glass of water in his hand since he doesn't drink. Everything about him screams “I don't want to be here!” but hey, that's what he gets for not just letting you pick the damn movie. You wave at him a little. He flips you off. But. His grumpiness isn't really all. You can tell he's nervous. He doesn't really like being surrounded by strangers, but he's here anyway, in the closest seat to the stage he could get. Karkat actually does get stage fright, and you know his stomach is probably doing flips right now, but he still grudgingly signed up to sing after you do. He's still there for you. Warmth seems to feel you up, and your smile softens, eyes only for him.

You then burst into the most passionate rendition of How Do I Live in existence. He glares at you the whole time.

Did you mention that you cannot sing? Like, at all? Your voice cracks in all the worst places, and you're pretty sure half the people in the building leave during your number. That doesn't stop you from owning the stage, of course, dancing some and grabbing the mike and even yanking your jacket off to toss it at a very pissed off Karkat. You might not be very good, but hey, you put your soul into it, and that's what really matters.

When you finish you take a bow to the complete lack of cheering, and trot over to sit by Karkat, a bit sweaty from exertion. He opens his mouth, looking about ready to strangle you with your discarded coat.

Instead, a worker calls his name to go sing and he freezes. Aww. Poor guy.

You pat him on the shoulder, speaking softly