he was disappointed to find that standing amidst the throngs of people didn't stir any new memories.

As he wandered through the busy streets, feeling like a weirdo for visiting by himself, he chanced upon a wishing well behind the Cinderella Castle. Pretty flower pots and benches filled the quiet area, giving him a break from the crowds and a nice view of the castle. Alfred meandered over to the well and decided it was worth a shot. He pulled out a penny and closed his eyes. Wishing that he would find his soul mate again, he dropped the coin into the well.




After that lovely oasis of calm, he made his way back into the crowds with renewed determination. Soul mate watches had only been around for a few decades, so they were making new improvements all the time. Perhaps one day they would have soul mate GPS and he could easily meet the boy with a blurred face.

Lost in his thoughts, Alfred didn't notice the young man with an ice cream cup walking toward him. He bumped into the man's arm, knocking the cup to the ground. The ice cream splattered everywhere.

"Damn it," the other man grumbled, earning them a few frowns from nearby families. "I had to wait an hour in line to buy that!"

"I'm so sorry," Alfred profusely apologized to the slim young man with well-groomed thick eyebrows and messy blond hair. "I'll get you another!"

"You'd better. Dole Whip is the only decent food around here."




Although Alfred hated to take time away from his soul mate quest, his sense of justice demanded that he replace the lost ice cream. He followed the other man to a small cafe called Aloha Isle and his eyes bulged when he saw the huge lines. Apparently the grumpy Brit wasn't the only one fond of the ice cream.

They stood awkwardly and silently in line for the first few minutes. Alfred craned his neck to look around the area. They were at the edge of Adventureland and it was filled with palm trees and exciting rides. He could even see a Disney employee dressed like Peter Pan. It was too bad that Alfred was on a mission, because he would have liked to try out the rides.

After a few more minutes, he glanced to the front of the line and tried to count how many people were ahead of them. It was sad how much of the Disney World experience was spent waiting in line.

"It moves faster than it seems," the other man said, breaking the silence.

"Dude, I sure hope so," Alfred replied as he turned back to face the Brit. Despite his scrunched eyebrows and annoyed frown, he was pretty cute. Out of long habit, Alfred's eyes flickered to the man's bare wrist and he felt a sharp pang of jealousy.

He caught the other man staring at his own blank wrist and hoped that he wouldn't ask any questions. It was always embarrassing to admit that he had technically met his soul mate, but didn't know who he was. Alfred hated the pitying looks.

"So... what's Dole Whip?" he asked to change the subject, earning him a long and detailed description of the pineapple-based confection. It was apparently the best and tastiest way to cool down on a hot summer's day. Alfred grinned at the other man's enthusiasm, deciding that he looked much cuter when he was talking excitedly in that crisp accent. "Sounds like you come here often," Alfred said, hoping it didn't sound like a corny pick-up line.

"Yes, every year since I was eight," the Brit admitted.

"Wow, you must really like it here!"

The other man's expression turned sour. "No, not really."

"Oh." Alfred didn't know how to respond to that, but he turned to discover that the line had moved much faster than he expected. He was saved from further conversation as he ordered two Dole Whips. After standing in line and listening to the man sing their praises, he had to get one for himself too.

They found an empty bench around the corner and eagerly licked the cold, sugary treats. Alfred sighed in delight. "This is good! Dude, I'm glad I ran into you."

"Well, I'm glad you derived some benefit from it," the man responded tartly, although it was hard for him to look terribly annoyed as he greedily devoured the dessert. They ate silently and quickly.

"I wish I had gotten another one," Alfred said with a sigh as he tossed his empty cup into the trash. He looked at the long line and decided it wasn't worth it. Especially since he still wanted to go visit the lost-and-found services. He stood up and gave the other man a cheerful wave. "Sorry again about earlier."

"It's okay." The other man nodded. "Just... watch where you're going next time."

As Alfred turned to leave, he realized he had