against all odds…by day they seem completely neutral to one another but by n-“

“Where are you going with this?” Makoto said over the walkie talkie.

“Aww come on guys don’t secret relationships and drama excite you!?”

“No” Rei deadpanned only to have a Nagisa pout and Hana raise her fist, her own teal gems mirroring Nagisa’s excitement.

“Well they do for me, I cannot believe that girl’s been holding out on me”

“That’s the spirit little dove!” They highfived despite Rei’s rubbing his temples at the duo.

“I Think we’re over reacting we have no idea if they’re actually dating or not”

Nagisa’s pout only turned into a smirk as he gazed in the direction the Magenta and Raven haired duo vanished into. “I guess we’re just gonna have to get proof don’t we?”

“Do we really have to?”

“Of course we do Beauty Bear, we still don’t know why they’ve been secretive with us, to humor you let’s say they aren’t dating~ why lie then hmmm and to Mako-chan at that! Haru-chan doesn’t lie to Mako-chan”

“Don’t call me-“

“Actua-“

“See? He doesn’t so that alone is fishy….maybe they’re working for some agency….or being blackmailed….the possibilities are endless and we must figure it out!”

Sighing into the walkie talkie Makoto kept his eyes on the gang and shifted over to where Rin and Nitori were hiding and were obviously as shocked as they were.  Though judging from the redness of Rin’s skin Makoto was sure shock wasn’t the only thing he was feeling.

Makoto would be lying to himself if he said he wasn’t curious as to why Haru had lied to him or excited in trying to find out so he was thankful Nagisa hadn’t ask.  Haru was someone he never really second guessed when it came to his words since he was always straight forward with his thinking and what he didn’t say his facial expression did.

It explained why Haru had choose to call him to tell him he wasn’t free that day….or any Sunday now that he thought about it. Makoto hadn’t really paid attention since Sundays were his little siblings drama practice and he always made sure to accompany them and stayed for the performances. Haru was never home when he got back, he assumed he was out doing running errands or at the indoor pool complex they club swam in off season and prayed he wasn’t there by himself.

“I wonder…..”

In the midst of Rei’s exasperation Makoto’s voice came over the walkie talkie. “Um Big Penguin you might want to get over by Ri- I mean Sharp Teeth…. Since”

Makoto looked on by the scene Nitori holding back Rin to the best of his ability which wasn’t much. He had to hold onto a pool just to keep the raging red head from storming off no doubt to murder his best friend.

“You’re closer…”

 

“I can’t believe this!”

Haru was dating his baby sister. His baby sister the nerve on that guy. Rin wasn’t so much angry as he was conflicted.  He’d promise that he’d make up for all the lost time he had spent hurting his friends, Haru in particularly but like hell that meant he’d just let his sister be with him without a fight.

“Let me go Nitori!”

“No senpai you’re not thinking straight”

“Oh I’m thinking just fine and I’ll be even more fine after I kick Haru’s ass!”

“Rin-chan! Ai-chan!”

“Eh?” The two turned to see the grinning blonde running towards them.  “Nagisa.”

“Don’t call me Ai-cha-“

Nagisa went in front of Rin with his hands up defensively. “Rin-chan you’re being so emotional!  I wish you were my partner in crime instead Mako-chan and Rei-chan aren’t feeling the mood well enough”

“Partner in crime? What?” then it clicked and a frown spread on his lips.  “Don’t tell me”

Nagisa winked at the raised eyebrow on Rin’s face.  Somehow it disturbed him that both he and Nagisa had a similar idea. “Nice glasses by the way totally covert op style” Rin’s eye twitched and Nagisa only stuck his tongue out. He was so focused on the boy infront of him Rin didn’t even notice that Nitori’s grip on him had slacked at least not until it was too late.

“Wait what the”

Makoto’s arms replace Nitori’s and suddenly the light strained grip that had held Rin back is reinforced and no matter how much he squirmed he couldn’t move an inch and boy did that piss him off.

“What the hell? Let me go!”

“Not until we talk Sharp teeth” Nagisa smiled tilting his head to the side