, I was there right where I had gotten on the plane all those years ago and the only things on me was my bag of about 3 sets of clothes. I felt around in my pocket for my moonstone; it was the only thing they really let me carry around while we were on the ships. I searched every pocket on me, but it was nowhere to be found. And to think I had thought the day couldn’t get any worse. I grabbed my duffel bag off of the ground and set off to the nearest bus stop to wait. I never really paid mind to anyone in an army or navy uniform, but I suppose that’s all people really saw when I stepped on the bus. An old man saluted me and nodded his head in my direction. I wondered if he still would have done that if he had known that I only joined to get away from life.

“You’re doing our country a great service, Mr. Hamilton.” The old man said, reading the nametag on my uniform. Again, I wondered why he thought so highly of me. I was worth nothing more than the gum stuck to the bottom of his shoe. I nodded my head at him and sat down on the seat, trying to pay no mind to the people who stared at me. I reached into my duffle bag to pull out my headphones to see my moonstone sitting gently on top of my clothes. I excitedly put it back in the pocket in which I always kept it.

The bus dropped me off about a block from my house. I had told Zena’s caretaker to not come that day, as I had arrived back home early in the morning and a dumb part of me wanted to be the first face Zena saw that day. I took a breath as I unlocked the door, expectant to see Zena where she had always sat, right on the front stair. Zena was little, a Siberian Husky and Cocker Spaniel breed, but my could she attack you with a hug. I was confused as I walked in and didn’t see her sitting on the step.

“Zena?” I called out, listening for the patter of her footsteps or the jingle of her collar. Nothing. “Zena?” I called, a little louder. Still nothing. I roamed the entire house; Zena was nowhere to be found. I could feel my breathing quicken, my throat feeling like it was tightening. Trying to think logical, I went to print out some posters, hoping it would help. It didn’t take long, after all, it was nothing but a picture of Zena saying ‘Lost dog please call (1)765-283-1975’. I hung the posters everywhere I could think of in town, hoping to get a call right away. It was about an hour after I had finished hanging the posters when I got a call.

	“Hello?” I answered, taking a breath of excitement.

	“Is this Grey Hamilton?” The woman asked. Something about her felt… familiar. 

	“Yes, it is. Have you found Zena?” I asked. I was never much of one to talk to people in general, but this situation was too dire to be needlessly rude.

	“Yeah, she’s here, and she’s safe. Don’t worry.” She replied. I could hear the smile in her voice. I let out a breath of relief. “You can come to get her at 283 Mulberry Lane.” She said. I didn’t even bother to catch her name as I replied.

	“Okay… I’ll be there in 10 minutes.” I said, hanging up the phone quickly. My mind swarmed with nothing but finding Zena as I got into my car.

	I took a deep breath as I pulled into the driveway at the address she had given me over the phone. I wondered how Zena had even got out, how scared she must have been. My mind did it’s best to think of everything except for what may lie behind the door in front of me. I rang the doorbell, hearing Zena’s familiar bark from behind the door. A petite woman opened up the door. She had short black hair and bright blue eyes. I felt as though I couldn’t breathe. There she stood, looking up at me with a look I didn’t recognize. 

	“G-Grey…” She whispered. The air was thick as tears pricked at her eyes.

	“Penny,” I replied. I was so shocked, I couldn’t even pay any mind to Zena pawing at my leg excitedly. We stared at each other for what felt like years, not being able to say a single word. I didn’t understand what part of me wanted to, but I decided to break the silence. “Long time no see… huh?” A tiny giggle erupted from her, slowly growing into tear-filled laughing as she reached her thin arms around my waist, pulling me close to her. I wrapped my arms around her protectively, smiling into her hair.

	“It sure