knees and started working urgently at John's zipper.

John leaned back and braced his legs, his dick achingly hard already, and then Rod managed to get his fly open and it was way, way better than Mach 2.

When it was his turn to reciprocate, shoving Rod back against the door and unbuttoning his jeans, John was so high on endorphins that he didn't really think about it; he'd sucked cock a couple of times before, and while he was sure he wasn't anywhere near as good at it as Rod was, he was good enough.

And after they'd both pulled themselves together again, zippers zipped and buttons buttoned, Rod leaned forward and kissed John again, this time slow and sweet, then turned and slipped out into the main cabin of the plane.

John closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against the cool, textured plastic; he counted to a hundred, letting his pulse slow down again.

Maybe it should have been awkward, going back to his seat and sitting down next to the guy he'd just blown in a public lavatory, but Rod had grinned crookedly at him when he sat down, had waved Cyndi over and ordered a Molson's for each of them, and they'd spent the rest of the flight talking about John's plans to attend the Air Force Academy in the fall and Rod's choices between a Ph.D. program and a job with the US government, and it wasn't awkward at all.


May 2004


Things had finally settled down—at least as settled as they were going to get in the Pegasus Galaxy, John was guessing—and he'd collapsed onto the narrow bed in his assigned quarters, not even bothering to do more than take off his vest and jacket and kick his boots into the corner.

The knock on his door was unexpected; he'd thought everyone else would be equally exhausted and busily collapsing in their own quarters, but apparently not. Without opening his eyes, he called out, "Come in," and heard the doors slide open with a quiet hydraulic hiss.

"Major." It was McKay. Why was John not surprised that McKay was still up and roaming the city.

John opened his eyes. McKay was standing just inside the doorway, his back to the closed doors and as far away from John as he could get without actually being outside the room, and that made John frown. There was obviously something wrong, and he was pretty sure he knew what it was. It wasn't something he wanted to deal with, not from the science team, but he took a deep breath and said, "Pull up a piece of mattress and have a seat, Dr. McKay. What can I do for you?"

McKay shook his head and didn't move any closer. "I'm.... This is really not something I'm good at, Major," he said quickly, "but I think it's got to be done if we're going to work together." He stopped then, like he wasn't quite sure what to say next, and now John was completely confused, because unless McKay thought John was likely to shoot him for his job—and that was just stupid, so definitely not a thought McKay would ever entertain—something wasn't adding up here.

"Spit it out," he prompted. "Whatever it is, it can't be any worse than what I've heard whispered by every marine in the city in the last few hours."

That left McKay looking a little shocked, and John wondered if he really hadn't thought about the military contingent's reaction to John's mercy killing of Sumner. Well, if this wasn't about that, then John was at a loss.

"You really don't remember, do you?" McKay said, and John couldn't be sure whether that was disbelief or disappointment in McKay's voice. "Well, I suppose it probably wasn't particularly memorable, not for someone like you. I mean, just one of dozens...not to imply, of course, that you're...." He trailed off, shifting awkwardly.

John sighed. "I'm really tired. Any chance of you starting to make sense in the near future? If not, I'd really like some sleep now. You're welcome to come back and be confusing at me again in the morning, though."

He'd started to close his eyes when McKay blurted out, "The Mile High Club?"

The words made him freeze, because yeah, he remembered that. He was pretty sure it wasn't actually possible to forget a blowjob that good, and wait, that had been McKay? And now he was totally awake, every sense sharpened by the adrenaline spike. "That was.... Rod?"

McKay winced. "Please," he said. "Rodney. I was— Well, I was going through an unfortunate rebellious stage at the time." When it became clear that John wasn't going to say