and those same eyes watched at the black paladin effortlessly lifted Keith. “Lance, Pidge, scope out ahead to make sure it’s safe. I need to get him to the castle,” Shiro barked out, and Pidge took off running. Lance hesitated, tears in his eyes as he looked at his boyfriend. Keith’s drooping eyes looked into Lance’s and he whispered,


 


“

Go.”



 


That’s all Lance needed before he took off sprinting ahead, clearing out the area before yelling the signal into their comms. Keith breathed heavily as Shiro all but sprinted back to the black lion, and cried out a few times when his wounds were jostled a little too much. Soon, blackness crept in behind his eyes, and he knew he shouldn’t, but sleep sounded so 

inviting

 and he couldn’t help himself. Those purple eyes of his fell shut, and his body went limp, breath shakily coming out of his mouth in quiet breaths. 


 


Shiro gasped as he noticed this. “Fuck-Keith, c’mon buddy, stay with me!” He clamored into his lion and took off towards the castle, desperately trying to get Keith to wake up. “Keith! Come on! Don’t do this!” 


 


Lance heard this through the comms and immediately thought of the worst, tears licking their way down his face and dripping onto his paladin armor. “

Keith…

” He whispered as he sped off after the black lion in his own red one. “C’mon baby, please…” He didn’t care if everyone could hear them, they were used to it by now. The two had been dating for months now, and although they still bickered, and even fought to the point where they both ended up crying (only once), they were often seen hugging tightly after missions, whispering worries and breaths of relief into each others ears. 


 


Shiro tore out of his lion when he arrived, Keith hanging limply in his arms. He was still breathing, but it was quiet and shallow. Allura joined him in the medical bay, stripping him of his paladin armor and suit. In normal situations she would feel at least a little awkward, but now she barely batted an eye as she quickly dressed him in the required suit for the healing pod, asking Shiro to lift him over the pod. He did as asked, and Allura typed in what was needed to help Keith recover. 


 


Not five minutes later, Lance came running in, and two minutes following the rest of the crew arrived. Lance was sitting in front of Keiths pod, eying his wounds with quiet sniffles. After a moment, everyone went and sat near Lance, sniffling as well. The group joined in a hug, everyone sighing shakily and comforting one another. 


 


----


 


Lance openly cried into, who he assumed was, Shiro’s shoulder, fear lacing his tired cries. Keith didn’t look good, even if they’d just put him in the pod. Blood had already started to show through the side of his suit along his waist, and his thigh was starting to drip through as well. Allura was the first to pull away, clearing her throat. It’d been a half hour, and they needed to eat and freshen up. Keith had a long time before he would emerge, and while she understood Lance’s pain, the blue paladin needed to take care of himself. “Come on…” She murmured in a comforting tone. “Keith needs to rest, and I believe we have some delectable foods left over from the last planet.” When everyone’s heads looked up, minus Lance’s, she sighed and shooed the rest off, pulling Lance into her arms. “Lance, dear. Let’s get some food, yeah? Keith wouldn’t be happy if you didn’t take care of yourself while he was healing.”


 


For a moment, Lance let himself relax in the Altean’s embrace, then nodded after a good minute. “Y-Yeah,” He mumbled, pulling away to wipe at his eyes. Allura smiled brightly, leading him out. Twenty minutes later, everyone was dressed comfortably, and eating dinner that Hunk had quickly prepared. Lance picked at his food before Allura scolded him, sighing as she watched him shovel a bite of some sort of yummy fauna into his mouth. 


 


The table was relatively quiet, and for Lance, it seemed too empty without Keith’s comforting and familiar presence at the table. He rested a hand on Keith’s chair for a moment, before sighing and taking another bite of what looked similar to purple salad. Just a few days, and Keith would be better, he’d be healed and ready for Lance’s mother henning that came with getting hurt, which usually just consisted of cuddling and getting food for the wounded. 


 


That didn’t stop him, though, from falling asleep in front of Keith’s pod that night, or from spending the entire day looking at Keith’s slowly healing body, just daydreaming or looking back on old memories. 


 


He first looked back at when he first