him remained shrouded in darkness, but that was likely because he wore dark clothing.

 

"What man on what bridge?" Peggy asked, though she remembered the news footage clearly enough - Steve fighting for his life against a man with a metal arm. Much of that footage had been grainy, unclear, caught by cell phone cameras rather than news crews. Even through the lousy imaging, Peggy had recognized the man who fought Steve as the one who’d tried to kill her so many years before.

 

"Steve Rogers. Captain America. You knew him. There was a film of you at the exhibit at the Smithsonian."

 

No point in arguing that further, Peggy thought. Still, "Why does it matter that I knew him?"

 

"Because maybe you knew me." The man came forward, reached for the switch to the lamp beside her bed.

 

Peggy closed her eyes against the flare of light, blinked until they’d adjusted to the change in illumination and looked at her visitor. The kind of blue eyes a romance novel would call "piercing," unkempt dark hair falling almost to his shoulders, a mouth that seemed made for sin. Familiar, all of it, but not so familiar that she could place a name to him immediately.

 

"I’m sorry," she said. "I recognize you, but I don’t remember your name."

 

"He called me Bucky." There was a pause. "And the exhibit - there was a picture of me. James -"

 

"Sergeant Barnes!"

 

"Yes. James Buchanan Barnes."

 

"Good Lord." Peggy shook her head against her pillow, willing herself to understand the inconceivable. This man had fallen from a train into a chasm hundreds of feet deep- in 1943. And yet, he stood here in front of her now. "How on earth did you survive?"

 

"I don’t know," her visitor - Sergeant Barnes - said. "They’d experimented on me before."

 

"Before?"

 

"Before the fall. Maybe it saved my life." His smile was humorless. "Maybe I would’ve been better off if it hadn’t."

 

There wasn’t much she could say to that, Peggy thought, so she ignored it and focused on the more pressing concern. "Why are you here, Sergeant?"

 

"I know that’s who I was, but I don’t remember being that person. Tell me what you know. About me. Please."

 

Though he kept his expression neutral, the desperation in the Winter Soldier’s - no, Barnes’ - eyes tore at Peggy’s heart. There was no way she could refuse his request even if she’d wanted to.

 

"The first time we met, I had no idea what to expect," Peggy began. "Steve was on a USO tour of Europe when he heard your unit was captured, and that you’d all been written off as lost. Somehow, he convinced Howard Stark to fly him behind enemy lines, alone."

 

"Why would he do that?"

 

"Because you mattered to him. So much." Peggy struggled to push herself into a sitting position, and then Barnes was there, his cybernetic arm easily pulling her up. "Thank you."

 

She’d half expected him to withdraw back into the shadows where he’d stood before, but he hesitated for a moment, then pulled up a visitor’s chair and sat.

 

"What happened?"

 

Peggy smiled, seeing the scene in her mind as though it had happened only yesterday, not seventy years before. "He snuck into a Hydra base and destroyed it, freeing you and hundreds of other prisoners. Then he led you all back to our position, the grandest of victory parades even though we were still at war. That was the first time I saw you."

 

"They’d already been experimenting on me." Barnes’ expression was distant now, as though he were looking back into the past rather than at her.

 

"You never told anyone." Peggy was careful to keep her tone neutral, not accusing.

 

"Wouldn’ta done any good." The Brooklyn accent came out more strongly, and Peggy wondered if he were seeing her as she was then, if he even remembered her. "It would only have kept me outta combat."

 

"You wanted to go back into combat?"

 

"I wanted to take care of him, make sure he was okay. Punk never did know when to back down."

 

Peggy laughed softly, pleased when it didn’t turn into a cough, as so much of her laughter did these days, a holdover, no doubt, from all the unusual things she’d encountered during her work with the OSS and then SHIELD.

 

"No, he didn’t," she agreed. "And you were a lot like him in that respect."

 

"He was a hero."

 

"So were you," Peggy said gently.

 

"He volunteered. I was drafted."

 

Peggy had to wonder if he realized he was becoming less the Winter Soldier as they talked, or whether it was a deliberate deception. She hoped the