his feelings, he knew well how to act in almost any situation, he was an expert at pretending. But Sugawara Koushi is a very perceptive person and he has know the boy for a while now so there was no way he could pretend around him. He’s never been able to do it before without being discovered by him.
And right now,Tadashi’s thankful it is that way.

“Listen, you’ll deal with anything that comes, the good and the bad, and you know what? Because you have me, all of us on your side, you’re not alone. We always take advantage of your mature personality, even though we’re older, but now it’s your turn to rely on us.”

Suga gently wipes away Tadashi’s tears with his thumbs and smiles at him.

“...Thank... you” Tadashi says now with tears pouring down his cheeks. The head nurse enters the room this time and asks the white haired boy to leave, he apologizes and nods, leaving the room with a small goodbye.

And he cries, he cries like he never has cried before, letting all the pain out. He’s scared, scared of the results, of the numbness of his legs, of being a burden to his mother, of the thought of him never being able to walk again. He lets it all out until his eyes are dry.


‘Don’t push yourself'



‘Everything’s gonna be fine’


Just how many times has he heard it today?

The world he looked with so much optimism not seems to fall apart and all of these words feel like lies.

 

 

 

The room is way too big for him, he's connected to two other machines he didn't saw before and in a few minutes he is surrounded by more people passing different liquids through the line, it feels cold in his arm, he can feel every single one making its way into his veins, being the last one the faster to work; he senses his body ceeding to the painkillers he’s been needing for so long, meanwhile next to him another nurse is putting blankets on the next bed, he figures another patient is about to arrive to the room.

Tadashi looks out the window and sees nothing but darkness and a reddish sky.

“It’s going to rain tomorrow”


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


The room is way too big for him, he's connected to two other machines he didn't saw before, they are attached to different parts of his body, he doesn’t question what are they for anymore.



In a few minutes he is surrounded by more people passing different liquids through the line, it feels cold in his arm, he can feel every single one making its way into his veins, being the last one the faster to work; he senses his body ceeding to the painkillers he’s been needing for so long, there’s a small bottle labeled as ‘Oxycodone’, he figured that was the cause of his sudden drowsiness. Meanwhile, next to him another nurse is putting blankets on the next bed, he figures another patient will arrive the room soon.



Tadashi looks out the window and sees nothing but darkness and a reddish sky.


 


“It’s going to rain tomorrow”


 


He says to himself. Two nurses look outside and mention something about the announce of a storm coming next week and some other things on how the sky is completely cloudless. He listens to all they’re saying but it feels like it is happening somewhere far away from him. The medicaments are slowly sinking in, and their words don’t make sense anymore to him, he doesn’t want to listen, but they are being so nice even though he hasn’t been on his best behaviour. ‘Don’t make their job any harder, Tadashi’ he mentally he tells himself, ‘it’s not their fault’.



All the nurses leave at the same time reminding him to call them if he needs anything, he is left by himself feeling dull and out of his senses, he’s getting used to the constant dizziness.


 


He closes his eyes in order to try again and remember what happened, and for the first time he remembers something else, or more specifically 

someone

 else.



Just a few days ago he was sitting in front of his computer searching for resources for his college assignments when he got a text, it was around 11PM so he was rather surprised by it. He looked at the screen and his smile fade away in an instant, ‘not now’ he thought, reading the name displayed on the screen: Kageyama Tobio.


 


‘We need to talk.’


 


He stared at the short text for a few seconds, frowning because of the light of the screen on his eyes. He quickly wrote a response, feeling displeased.


 


‘No, we don’t. We talked, a lot, long ago. I don’t have anything else to say to you.’


 


He felt horrible for replying that rudely but it was the only way



And the response came in a