teacher requested.” “Ooooh.” So that was how Annie was forced into that uniform. Of course, she couldn’t deny a teacher request. Especially with her being ranked the 4th highest in our class, she’d probably do anything to kiss up to the faculty and staff so she could get enrolled into the Military Police.  Is that how she got in so soon?! Wait...  But what about the other 3 above her? I knew Mikasa Ackerman is the top of the class. I would expect her to also be enrolled immediately into the Military Police.  Did she deny? She’s always with that dumb Eren too... I shrugged mentally. I got too off topic. I continued to poke fun at her by thinking up of pickup lines. Really, really bad pickup lines.

 

“Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears,” I whispered into her ears. I saw her body stiffened as she reacted to what I said. I stifled my mad giggles as I thought of another. “Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea,” I told her, letting out a few giggles towards the end. She gave me a warning growl, causing me to giggle harder. I tried another. “Your lips look so lonely... Would they like to meet mine?” Annie spun around with an angry, red expression when the announcer spoke up again. “For the next event, you must stand on these high poles and prevent yourself from getting knocked down! The people with the least balls in the basket win!” Annie became distracted by the next event, following suit with Krista’s cheering again.

 “Was your dad a farmer? Cuz you sure have great melons,” I giggled madly, but earned myself a smack in the head. “Ow,” still grinning, I rubbed my head where her hand hit. “Stop it,” she hissed. “Why? It’s funny,” I gave her a goofy grin. “I will knock you to the ground if you keep that up,” she growled, but I knew she wasn’t that angry. She seemed more confused and unable to react more than anything.  Makes sense. Not a lot of people flirt with her probably, because she gave off such a scary aura around herself. She’s still a girl at heart, that’s cute.  “Was your father a mechanic?” I asked, as innocent as possible. She turned around warily. “No..?” “Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?” I gave her another wide grin. I noticed her hand twitched in a fist.  Uh oh. She looks about ready to punch me in the face. Time to stop! I nervously laughed as I walked away from her, deciding not to awaken the beast from the den today. I scooted over and sat next to Mikasa instead, who was sitting next to Eren and Armin. The events flew by quickly, as I wasn’t interested in it. I had to participate in the shoulders war, which was the last event. It was weird, and I didn’t quite understand, but I had to grab a bunch of leaders’ headbands, so I did. Sadly in the end, because Eren and his group of friends were somehow messing around and being dramatic, we, the first years, ended up losing. Hanji came by and threw a bunch of confetti everywhere, making the entire first years groan to death because they are the official losers who has to clean everything up. I slipped out of that mess quietly, without anyone noticing me. Well, so I thought..

 


---------------------------




Few hours later...




---------------------------


 


I sighed exasperatedly as I massaged my shoulders. My whole body ached from the sport events. I dragged myself through the cafe. “Well you look deader than an actual corpse, Tori,” Erich commented. I grunted in reply. I wasn’t in the mood to talk. I was too tired. “Hey, isn’t that girl that one Military Police person?” Erich pointed behind me. I turned to see Annie, in casual clothes, walking into the cafe. She was staring at me, expressionless. 

I can’t tell if she hates me or not.. 

She sat down at a nearby table, waiting to be served. I looked back at Erich, who seemed to be looking at me expectantly. “What?” I uttered. “What do you mean, ‘what’? Go serve her,” he said, crossing his arms. “Why me?! I didn’t even change into my work clothes!” I exclaimed. Erich shrugged. “You know how to deal with her. I ain’t going anywhere near her.” “Oh for fuck’s sakes,” I growled as I pushed my way to the back.


 


I quickly changed into my work uniform and quickly went out to serve Annie. “Hey. What would you like?” I greeted, unable to keep my tired sigh out. “Well you seem pissed off,” Annie commented. “I’m tired