which was good. He just decided to sleep in his own room so he got up. He felt a bit dizzy due to too much sleep and stupidly tripped over. He landed on the floor hitting hard. He felt bruises forming on his right side of his torso and his knees. Probably his elbows, too. Stiles let out a painful groan and lay there a bit, feeling the cool floor against him. He couldn’t get up. His whole body was in pain. His depression engulfed him again. Stiles just decided to lie there, too annoyed to actually get up. Why did his life have to be like this anyway? The moment he feels good, something annoying happens and things spiral down from there. Stiles thought about killing himself for the twelfth time, until someone picked him up in bridal style. Stiles let out a startled squeak, which sounded like a scared animal to himself. Pathetic. 

“What the fuck, Derek! What are you doing here?”

 Derek answered his question with a question of his own.

“What were you doing on the floor?”

“I just tripped over something, and was planning to stand up.”

Derek just grunted in response.

 Derek laid Stiles down on his bed, trying to be careful. Stiles groaned, and reeked of pain. He also smelled strongly of despair and loneliness. Derek didn’t know what to do with Stiles, or how to make him feel better. He couldn’t even draw the pain out. Derek just stared down at Stiles, who looked up at him with his whiskey eyes. Derek felt his heart flutter a little, but just swallowed hard to make the feeling go away. He wasn’t even expecting a fully awake Stiles in the middle of the night. He just wanted to see Stiles, even though there was absolutely no reason for him to do so. 

“How are you even in the house anyway? I don’t remember opening the door for you.”

 Derek simply pointed the half open window of Stiles’s room. Stiles rolled his eyes.

“Of course. I should have known.”

 Derek felt uncomfortable and nervous, but weirdly pleased. He just stood at the corner of the room awkwardly looking at the general direction of where Stiles would be. Silence stretched out between them.

“Why are you even here? It’s almost 2 a.m.”

 Derek couldn’t say anything, so he just shrugged. Their eyes met briefly and parted, but met again, which stayed like that a bit longer. Derek could hear Stiles’s rushing heartbeat. He could see the teen blushing, red creeping up to his cheeks. Derek felt his heart clench, making him uncomfortable. Finally Derek broke the eye contact.

“Goodnight, Stiles.”

 Derek climbed out the window, and the next moment, Stiles could hear the engine of the Camaro which drifted away fast.

‘So, that was awkward.’

 Stiles drifted to sleep, thinking about his bizarre interaction with a certain alpha.

 

 The next day, Stiles felt way better. But he still felt sore all over. So he decided to look at exactly how much damage was done. He took off his shirt, just to meet with freshly formed bruises on his right side and his elbows like he predicted. He just sighed and decided to take a shower just to wash the sleepiness off of him. 

 After the shower, he felt completely ok. Even thought about his pathetic mental state yesterday, and laughed at it. He felt cheery and like his normal self, so decided to go out for groceries. It was a sunny Sunday morning, which helped Stiles a lot to recover from yesterday. After dropping the groceries at home, Stiles then decided to go for a run at the preserve. It was a nice day, and Stiles needed some mindless activities to do.

 

 Sunlight was streaming down at him through the leaves above, making patches of sunlight dance on his skin. Stiles was at a steady pace, just focusing on the trail ahead. When he realized where he was heading, he was a bit too late to head back, because he was already in front of the-now restored-Hale house. Derek was lounging on the terrace lazily looking at his betas throwing water balloons at each other. When Stiles walked closer, Derek’s head turned towards the teen, locking his eyes. Stiles felt uneasy under the alpha’s gaze, but decided to ignore the feeling. It felt weirdly like last night, which came back with awkward memories. 

It was almost the end of summer, but due to their high body temperature, werewolves were always feeling hot until the summer fully ended. Erica was the first one to spot Stiles, and without warning, she threw a water balloon at him, which soaked his upper body completely. He felt his t-shirt sticking to his overheated skin and cooling him down. 

“Really, Erica? This?”

“Stiles, don’t just stand there! Come here!”

He smiled wickedly at her, picking up a water balloon from the basket and threw it at her. Before he could realize, he