at my lip, glad to see he was still his happy self

I decided not to mention our conversation last night at the bar where he admitted I gave him a boner, and then that awkward moment in the car where he almost got wound up over me with Barbara

"Alright, well it was really nice seeing you" Zayn said, his hands still on the red basket handles "I need to go"

"Oh I... Harry and I are going out again tonight" I told him "maybe you want to come along?"

"I don't think that's entirely appropriate"

"You were there with me last night"

"That was entirely coincidental, and we only briefly interacted" he shrugged

"Okay well, we're going to that same club again" I rubbed the back of my neck "if you change your mind, I'd appreciate the company. Harry is probably going to bring his new fuck toy along so"

"Ah, that makes more sense" he nodded "well, if I go I'll probably bring some of my own friends. I won't exactly go with you or anything, just clubbing and I'll maybe talk to you a bit"

"That sounds good to me"

"If I don't see you tonight, I'll see you Monday morning" he smiled "with that essay paragraph?"

"Yeah" I beamed "definitely"

The music was thumping around me. It was probably about 10pm.

Harry was on the dance floor with Louis, both of them just grinding on each other like drunk idiots

Barbara had come along tonight, thanks to Harry. After a couple of drinks though I was all for it, and was dancing with her

It was pretty obvious she liked me. I didn't really mind, at the moment I wasn't drunk enough to get horny over a girl.

I had been looking around all night for Zayn. I wanted him to come tonight, and just pull me against his body. I wanted him to cup my waist and tell me he missed me today, and hadn't stopped thinking of me

I knew it was a crazy thing to want, but a guy can dream right?

At one point, I did spot him. And I instantly ditched Barbara, hurrying through the crowds

"Zayn!" I called

As I pushed through the people, the last thing I expected to see was Zayn making out with some girl our age in a red dress

I felt my chest tighten, the alcohol in my system seeming to amplify every one of my emotions. Within moments my eyes were filled with tears, watching him hold her face the way I wanted him to hold mine

I wasn't an idiot, I knew he intended to hook up with whoever this girl is. I pushed back through the crowds, heading towards the back exit

"Niall?" Barbara asked worriedly

"Just leave me alone"

By the time I was outside, I was crying with my forehead against a wall. I knew I shouldn't have been so upset.

But I was drunk, a little all over the show, and saw my teacher whom I liked finding himself a one night stand.

Something about him having a one night stand seemed to make me feel even worse. Maybe it was because a one time hook up was what people who had commitment issues often did.

Maybe it was because all I could think was that even if I stood a chance with Zayn, he'd fuck me and leave. All of that was overwhelming when it shouldn't have been.

I tugged at my hair, sobbing harder. Why am I so upset? Sure, I like the guy. But it's not like I'm in love with him, I'm not stupid.

I don't know why watching him touch a girl like that set off so many emotions inside of me and made me feel so many different things. Hurt, angry, betrayed, confused, the list just went on.

I felt this almost unbearable ache in my chest, and had a large lump in my throat that seemed to stop me from swallowing.

I cried harder, finally wiping at my eyes

"Niall, are you okay?" Barbara placed a small hand on my waist

"Please, just leave me be" I whimpered

"What happened?"

"I-I just..." I hiccuped out, before bursting into tears all over again

She enveloped me into a hug. I cuddled into her neck, crying as she rubbed my back and hugged me so tight I thought she was going to break herself

"It's not fair" I sobbed, over the fact that Zayn was kissing someone who wasn't me

"Niall" I heard Zayn's voice

When I lifted my head, I noticed the confusion on his face when he saw me with Barbara

"Ni?" She frowned "who's he?"

"Just go inside, okay?" Zayn asked her "he's fine"

Barbara looked at me for confirmation that I would be okay. I nodded and she offered me a small smile. She