about rules." 
 Keith smirked, "Sound like someone we know?" 
 Shiro rolled his eyes and playfully batted at Keith's face, his half-assed attempt falling short and landing on chapped lips. Keith brushed his lips across Shiro's fingers once more before he pulled himself forward on Shiro's chest, kissing Shiro lovingly. Shiro returned the quick gesture and smiled fondly at the man who lay upon him. 
 "What's another night?" Shiro asked, a mischievous tone hanging on to the end of his sentence. Keith raised an eyebrow before sitting up, his legs on either side of Shiro's torso. His stretch was accompanied by an exhausted yawn. Shiro smiled. 
 "You remind me of a cat." 
 Keith's head tilted downwards so that he could stare at his lover. 
 "That so?" Keith asked, not bothering to speak in full sentences. Shiro nodded and sat up the best he could with the man sitting on him, broad hand pulling Keith's head down for another kiss. 
 "Definitely," Shiro replied after breaking the kiss. Keith just smiled and went in for another. Soon it was a battle of kisses and who could give the most in various places.



An idea worked its way into Shiro's head which caused the elder to smirk. He grabbed Keith's waist and shoved just enough so that the now surprised man fell backwards. Shiro maneuvered to sit between Keith's open thighs, smiling triumphantly. Keith gasped in surprise and mock anger. 
 "That wasn't fair," Keith complained.
 "Well neither is you being so fucking adorable," Shiro replied between the kisses that were now covering Keith's sharp jawline. Keith whined in protest, palms pushing against Shiro's chest lightly. Shiro chuckled lightly and rolled off Keith. 


A screech ripped itself from Shiro's throat, leaving the tissue raw with strain. He didn't realize it was his own until the roar of the crowd was silenced by surprise. Blood rushed to the surface of the wound, beading along the tear in the limb before pooling over. The crimson liquid was pooling on the ground beneath Shiro. His body shook in both shock and disbelief. Keith had attacked him. Keith was going to kill him. This monster wasn't his beloved Keith anymore. It never was and never will be. Shiro's mechanical prosthetic hand burst into life as he charged at the much too large beast. A pained battle cry threw itself from Shiro's throat, the pain in his left arm forgotten. 


 Shiro reached for Keith's hand almost as if it were second nature. He pulled the man into his chest, his hands trailing down to Keith's waist where he held the man securely, brushing his fingers over the clothed flesh. The man in his grasp shuddered softly, nuzzling his face into the crook of Shiro's neck. Shiro's chin rested itself in the raven locks of hair that had been tickling it moments before. 
"Takashi, I'm scared. So fucking scared. What if the Galra do kill us? What if...What if there is no after life? What if I never see you again," Keith whimpered out, hands curling into fists against Shiro's broad chest. Shiro cooed softly, calming his trembling lover. 
 "It's okay Keith, we'll make it through this together. We've gone through so much together. I don't want to lose you but you've shown me that not everything is my fault and I don't always have to be perfect. You rounded my rough edges with love as did I to you. I believe that whatever life throws at us was meant to be. I wouldn't want to die any other way than holding the person I love most. Keith, I love you. Never forget that no matter where you or I end up, okay?"
 Keith replied with a feeble nod and a fresh wave of tears that damped the front of Shiro's shirt. Shiro cooed once more, running a comforting hand up and down Keith's back. As Keith's sobs quieted, Shiro began to hum You Are My Sunshine. Keith's eyebrow raised in a challenging arch. Shiro's lips quirked into a lopsided smile. Shiro's soft humming was cut off by loud explosions of blinding light that flooded the room. Shiro and Keith both flinched momentarily, jittery against each other's warmth. The pair raced to the nearest window, throwing the blinds open. Shiro spotted mushroom clouds of excess smoke and fire. A breath lodged itself in Shiro's throat, tightening it's grip around his airway, threatening to suffocate the man with fear. Keith was panicking, hyperventilating and clawing at Shiro's bicep. 
 "Takashi! They're here! They're going to kill us! This isn't fair! We didn't get the chance to...To have a future. It's not fair! Takashi, what are we going to do? I'm not ready to say goodbye," Keith sobbed