play as well, because they sulked like teenagers, hiding half smiles and rolling their eyes. 



Breakfast at the Stilinskis' later that morning caused Scott to tilt his head towards Cora and Isaac when he caught their mingling scent but he glanced away with a 

smile-smirk. Malia was hardly more tactful. "Fun night?" She asked with a drawl and a smile, reaching for a biscuit from her spot 

next to Stiles. There was a shrug from both Isaac and Cora. "Not really." Cora answered. "Could've been better," Isaac said at the 

same time. They exchanged a look that Derek couldn't decipher, before turning back to their meals and the teases. Stiles made 

everyone sit through a mock 'The Talk' that had everyone groaning and laughing, except for Peter who glowered, eyes flickering 

between Stiles and Malia. It seems when you spend your teenage years fighting the supernatural, you're allowed to be immature 

and childish when it concerned love interests in your twenties. Derek was grateful for that rule. It let the kids be kids.



Peter took members of the pack, two at a time, to furniture stores with Lydia during the summer. Lydia still loathed Peter with a 

fiery passion and refused to be alone with him at any time, but she was very much on board this pack house idea, and demanded 

to be there for all the choices in furnishing the house. The house wouldn't be complete for a while, but she wasn't going to be here 

when it happened, so she had govern and approve the choices during the summer before hand. The only reason Peter separated 

everyone into different trips was that it was going to be impossible to discern the choices with the entire pack there. It was a 

nightmare to be avoided. Derek went with Kira, and most of his choices were approved. Lydia had this thing about mix matched 

matching. She wanted everything to be different, but flow together. The way she melded everyone's tastes was marvelous and 

Derek was impressed. Isaac went with Stiles, Cora went by herself to pick out things with Lydia for their rooms. Derek wanted to 

know what was behind the look that Lydia gained after both of their visits, but she never answered his looks except with the 

patented 'I know something you'll know soon enough' look. That was his least favorite look of hers. 



Isaac got a job over the summer. A steady one as a lifeguard at the lake. He worked freelance stuff during school, mowing lawns, 

painting houses, dog sitting, baby sitting. Whatever was needed by their neighbors, Melissa's neighbors, the Sheriff's neighbors, 

whoever's neighbors really. Isaac was often greeted in the supermarkets with pats to his cheek and thank yous and how are yous 

and it was all overly domestic. Derek was getting more used to that. Near the end of summer, everyone started to pack their things. 

The house was looking more and more like a house. Derek never again caught Cora and Isaac at the house, but there was 

evidence of their presence in the night before. Empty chip bags in the dumpster, a cleaner floor in their designated rooms than the 

other rooms; an unlocked window or an open door that was usually closed. They didn't bother to hide the fact that they were 

having sleepovers in the unfinished house, but they never wanted to be caught doing it. No matter how early he got there, they 

were always gone. He almost caught them once, hearing their laughter as they left through the garage as he followed their sounds 

through the house. But he never saw them. In the end, he gave up. 



Peter took the pack, in twos again, with Lydia, to the home improvement store to pick out floorings and paint colors. Derek was 

chosen to go with Isaac (they drew names from a hat, a Stiles solution to the whining of who went with who last time so who was 

going to go with who this time). Isaac took quite a long time to decide on a floor for his room while Lydia flitted around as Derek 

described what he wanted. She pushed three samples at him twenty minutes later, standing next to a frazzled store assistant who 

didn't know how to deal with the force that was Lydia Martin, before leaving the three of them to go check on Isaac. Derek noticed 

that Isaac had been agonizing over three pieces of wood flooring. Choices that Lydia had not picked out, but Derek just knew that 

Lydia would approve of them. He could picture all three in the public areas around the house, even though he didn't know what 

Isaac's room was going to look like (Lydia had decided to swear them all to an oath of secrecy because she wanted some surprise 

to be left over when the house was all done; so the only ones who knew what all the rooms would look like was Peter and Lydia). 

Derek chose the sample he liked the most, the only wood flooring sample she allowed him, a dark red-brown mahogany coloring, 

and waited with Peter as his uncle wrote down the floor Derek picked