hand up to my cheek, rubbing his thumb along my cheekbone, down my cheek and ghosting over my slightly chapped lips. “Y’know, you should visit me more.” when his hand made it’s way back up to my cheek I allowed myself to relax into it more, smiling softly at the affectionate gesture.

“We’ve both been busy.” He laughed softly before speaking.

“You need to learn to take a break once in awhile, I’ve never seen bags this dark before. Bruce must be working you night and day on this case” He ran his thumb under my eye making me smile. He slowly sat up so we were almost nose to nose. “You need to take care of yourself Tim.” He drew another hand up so he was holding my face so I couldn’t look away from him even though my cheeks felt like they were burning up. “I worry y’know.” He slowly got close until our noses brushed together and he stopped just millimetres from my lips. “Is this okay?” I opened my mouth a few times, trying to produce words but to no avail, so I simply settled for nodded, earning myself a sweet smile before our lips pressed together. The kiss was reserved, just our lips pressed together with Dick’s hands still holding my face, however I brought my hands up from my sides to reach out and wrap my arms around his toned mid section. He pulled back and smiled softly before nuzzling his neck into the crook of my neck. Without a word I rested my chin on top of his head and sighed happily. “Shit, I didn’t want this to feel so...right.” He muttered into my neck, a shiver running down my spine when I could feel his warm breath against my neck.

“H-how long have you been thinking about this?” I breathed, barely loud enough for him to hear.

“Remember when we last all got together to go to that gala with Bruce for some charity?” I nodded. “When I got home I couldn’t get you out of my head. After that it just kinda kept building.” It was quiet for a few more seconds before he spoke up again. “Plus, I always liked the way you looked at me when you thought I wasn’t paying attention.” I could feel my heart skip a beat and my eyes widened slightly.

“Y-you knew?” I felt him smile against my neck before my gaze was met with his blue eyes.

“Tim, I’ve known you a long time. Of course I noticed the stolen glances and stares, you going out of your way to not let us touch longer than a second, and the way you got when I praised you.” He paused for a second, smiling to himself before continuing, “I always thought it was cute, but I didn’t want to hold you back so I didn’t act on it.” After a second of silence I grabbed the back of his hair, gently tugging his hair as I smashed our lips together. He fidgeted for a second before I felt his legs wrap around my torso and his arms wrap around my neck, pulling me closer as our tongues intertwined. I managed to slip my hands under his shirt so I could rub at his toned back, running my dull nailed along his skin, earning a moan from him against my tongue. I could feel that I was fully hard and judging by how Dick was rutting against my stomach, he was feeling pretty good too. He pulled back and I watched as his eyes fluttered open and saw how red his lips were from all the kissing. Without a word he began rutting against me, my red shirt getting pushed up slightly so I could feel the heat from his cock. I slid my hands down his back and tucked them in just past the waistband of his track pants so I could squeeze his ass, which I found made him gasp and bite at his lip. “I need more then this Tim.”

“Let go.” I said in an uneven almost breathy voice and only caught a quick glance at his confused expression before he let go and I grabbed one of his legs, feeling more confident about showing my skills that I had only learned from late nights with Conner. I situated him so that he was sitting normally on the couch, I turned around and pushed the coffee table a little further away so I could kneel comfortably between his knees. I grabbed the waist of his pants and tugged, watching him lift his hips so I could easily pull them off and throw them somewhere in the room, before turning back and looking at his erection lying against his shirt with a bead of precum dripping down the underside. I leaned in and licked a strip from the base all the way up to his cut tip, watching his expression change between surprise and pure pleasure. I flicked my tongue on top of his slit, tasting the salt of his cum before I began to take his member into my mouth, feeling his hands lace through my hair as he moans loudly.

“