abruptly stopped screaming, but the tears kept flowing. He sighed, walked over to the bed, and pricked his finger open over the sheets. How much blood was there supposed to be, anyway? It’s not like he made a habit of deflowering virgins.

A breath of katon heated air set the stain instantly, and he bandaged his finger grumpily.

“I’m sorry,” said a small voice.

“For what?” he said as he put out the lanterns except for the one by his side of the bed. In the near darkness he stripped down to his undergarments and pulled a shift over his head.

“I’m… a bad match.”

It was so pathetic and quiet, especially since she more or less said it into the pillow. Despite having just been thinking pretty much the same thing, Madara couldn’t just go along with it. “Why do you say that?”

“Well… I’m too young.”

He grunted. “You’ll get older. It won’t matter ten years from now.”

“And my hair is all wrong.”

“What's wrong with it?”

She sniffled. “Uzumaki hair is supposed to be red.”

“Pink is a shade of red.”

“It’s a weak shade of red. Uzumaki are supposed to be strong.”

“Wel, you’re an Uchiha now. So you’re better than any Uzumaki.”

She cautiously peeked one eye over the pillow at him. “Did they tell you I’m not any good at fuinjutsu?”

“I didn’t ask. I don’t care about it myself.”

She perked up a little, then deflated again. “They probably didn’t tell you I can’t do chakra chains either.”

“No, that I asked about. Pity, but that’s how it is. Maybe your sister can teach you. Anything else?”

Sakura hid her face completely again and muttered something.

“What?”

“My forehead,” she said, only barely loud enough to be heard.

He pulled the covers back on the bed to get in. “What about it?”

“It’s huge!”

Madara peered at the girl, but it was too dark to see her clearly. “I’ll look again in the morning but I don’t remember it being anything extraordinary. Is that all?”

“And… I’m a crybaby.”

“Hn. Well. That part could be improved.” Madara put a hand to the lantern and paused. “I can’t sleep with you huddled over there. Get into the bed and sleep.”

She scampered into the bed like a frightened rabbit, still fully dressed, and yanked the blanket over herself. He chuckled and did likewise, lying with his back facing her. “Goodnight, Sakura-chan.”

Twenty minutes later, she was still awake, and therefore so was he. His battle-trained body was unable to relax knowing that a stranger was still awake in the room, even one as harmless as this little waif.

He turned over. Damned if she wasn’t still crying. “What is it now?”

She hiccuped. “I can’t sleep without my doll.”

Hashirama was a dead man. “Aren’t you too old for that?!”

“I j-just… I hold her when I’m scared…”

“Hn.” He turned over. “Well, hold onto me then. I’m a lot more useful against a threat than a doll.”

Nothing happened for a minute, and then she slowly scooted up to his back, and a wet face pressed against his back while a little arm flung itself over his side as if needing to do so quickly to avoid losing the nerve to do so. But within minutes, her breathing evened out into sleep.

Despite himself, he smiled and did likewise.






          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Madara thought he had been saddled with a timid little rabbit as a wife. It didn’t take long for him to figure out that was wrong.

The only rabbit-like thing about Sakura was her frequent choice of big red hair bow. She quickly became best friends with two cousins of his about her age and the three of them—two dark heads and one pink one—were soon scrambling all over the nascent Konoha and its environs, sometimes joined by other Uchiha girls of varying ages or even Senju ones. Madara treated Sakura with benign neglect. He was often away, performing missions for funding, while the more diplomatic Hashirama attempted to entice other clans to join their new experiment of a ninja village. Even when he was in the village, he generally only saw her at meals and bedtime, when she would talk his ear off about her training and adventures. He generally only half-listened.

Nobody was more surprised than Madara when he began to miss her chatter when he was away on missions.

She was bossy, and she had a temper, but these were faults he shared and probably indulged in more than she did.

Keeping a wife got more aggravating as she got