the situation.
 Him shirt less in her room! 
The door opened, and Veronica stepped in as soon as he saw it was her he muffled her mouth and shutting the door and locking it at the same time. She screamed and thank god he had his hand on her mouth! 
"Shhhhhh, it’s me, it’s me” Liam whispered in her ears. 
Her chest was rising and falling. He let go of her and she turned around and punched his chest “you scared the shit out of me” she hissed at him. 
He smiled “I’m sorry”. 
"What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be the sensible one in all of this, what if my dad sees you?” She said smiling at him.

 “I should be, but I was waiting for you, got bored, and decided to take a look around your room” he grinned. 
She gasped “Invading my privacy, Mr.Payne!! Where have your morals gone?” Teasing him.  
"So, how was the movie?” He asked her as he laid down on her bed hands behind his head.
 “Not bad” she said as she hanged her coat and scarf. 
"wish I was here with you instead” crawling up the bed till she was straddling him taking off her t-shirt. 
“Yeah?” holding her waist. 
"You’re more fun” she scratched at his scalp with one hand, the other on his chest, nosing at his jaw. 
He held her neck with one hand the other steadying her and kissed her slowly and passionately. 
Veronica was grinding on him. And they both moaned at the friction. Liam cupped her ass with both hands, grinding harder Veronica whimpered. 
He started sucking on her neck. “Li, I could come like this” she moaned. 
"Bet I could make you come untouched in other ways too” he murmured against her neck. Veronica let out a whispered “Fuck”  And they didn’t expect this, There was someone knocking the door. 
"Y-yes?” Veronica raised her voice. “It’s me sweetheart” it was her father. 
"Shit” she got iff the bed to the mirror trying to erase any evidence of what was happening, or well what was about to happen.
 “I know it’s late hun, but can you come to my room I want to talk to you” Louis told her. 
"Sure,Papa just give me a minute” Veronica responded. 
Liam was behind her he whispered holding her hips “go, I’ll wait a minute then head to my room”
 “Ok” she turned around and kissed him. And headed to her fathers bedroom.

 

 

**

 

“Hey dad, is something wrong?” Veronica was worried.
She sat on the chair in front of his desk.
“No,no.. Can’t a father have a normal talk with his daughter” he smiled at her.
“I missed you that’s it..” He told her.
And Veronica reached her hand to take her father’s .
“I miss you too”
“I feel like I’ve been busy a lot and I don’t get to spend enough time with you, and whenever I’m free you’re busy with your friends, or when you’re free I have some business to take care of” Louis continued.
“Yeah, but like I understand, you know that right Papa?” Veronica said.
“I know sweetheart” he rubbed her hand with his thumb.
“I was thinking that we could go to Prague together sometime this month take a break from everything , if you liked?” Louis said.
“Yeah, sure I miss traveling with you” Veronica smiled.
“Great! Just be ready any time this month, I just need to take care of some business first”
“Deal! Actually I’ll start packing tomorrow, it’s been a long time papa we’ll have so much fun” Veronica said with so much enthusiasm.
“We will” Louis smiled weakly.
Veronica came around his desk hugging her father and kissing his cheek.
“Umm..Papa?”
“Yes sweetheart”
“What about L..uncle Payne?” She asked.
“He’s coming with us,too”
“Cool!” Veronica said and her father laughed
And said “Yeah it’s cool”
“Now, I kept you awake long enough, go to sleep” he told her.
“Ok, Papa good night” kissing his cheek one last time.
Just when she was opening the door Louis spoke again
“Oooh yes! One more thing, Liam’s birthday is next Tuesday, I want to throw a surprise party for him”
“Uh.. That’s a nice idea” Veronica was shocked she didn’t know a thing about him, then when she thinks about it, it makes sense they never talked about themselves, all what they’ve been doing is making out or having sex or making out. And that’s not a bad thing :D.
“But there’s a