you”

“Yeah, yeah, small talk. Derek?”

“He is at the hospital, his…” Isaac began and was interrupted by tons of questions and a wide-eyed Stiles “Calm down. He is fine. Laura is having the baby.”

“Oh shit. I have to go”



****


Derek was wearing his favorite shirt and his second favorite vest. His sister was giving birth and his only contribution was his lucky clothes. God, he needed something strong. Andrew, Laura’s husband, was with her along with Cora, because for some reasons Laura wanted her there too. His parents were in Los Angeles for a business trip, so he was all alone. Anxious, nervous, excited and alone.

“Hey”, someone said while sitting next to him.

“Stiles?”

“How is Laura doing?”

“I guess fine. Nobody told me anything and I don’t know what to do anymore”.

“Don’t worry. ‘m here with you”

They were sitting there, in silence, until Cora came looking for him. “Is a healthy and beautiful baby girl!”

Derek was so happy that he hugged Stiles. “I… Im sorry. I wasn’t thinking, I…” Stiles heart jumped so hard he was sure Derek could feel it beating. “It’s okay. Go with your sister”

Cora was gone and Derek made a couple of steps before walking over Stiles. “About yesterday, I’m sorry. I didn’t want to upset you. I was out of place”

“What? No, I was stressed out and was so rude. You were talking to me nicely and I snapped at you. “

“We are okay, then?” Stiles thought he saw hope in Derek eyes when he said, “Totally okay.”

“Maybe…since you aren’t doing anything on Saturday, I can come over you…your house. Or we can go out. You and me. As friends at least”

“We are friends, dude. But I don’t understand why you keep trying. I don’t like that kind of stuff and is stupid and forced. It’s not normal.”

Stiles saw Derek’s face doing something inexplicable, a mix of anger and sadness. Cora appeared before Derek could say anything, dragging him by the arm. “Derek! Stop flirting and go to see your sister”.

Stiles saw how red Derek turned, for anger or embarrassment, he didn’t know.

 




4.


Stiles’ Thursday was horrible. He didn’t sleep, he didn’t make progress his work, and he couldn’t go to the library either because he was at home doing all the research he should did the day before.

He sent Erica a message, asking her how was Derek and had back an eye roll emoji and a fuck you.

After hours and hours of reading, searching and typing, he was done. DONE. FINALLY. Yes, he didn’t even eat, but he had a beautiful final project for his degree. A day earlier and all. Stiles was doing a little victory dance in his room when his dad knocked the door.

 

“If you are that happy, something good happened”

“I finished this son of a…. complicated thing. I’m practically sensing my degree”

“Do you want to celebrate with dinner? Pizza maybe? I was about to make the call”

 


****


After an extravagant pizza for Stiles and a veggie pizza for John, they were both satisfied with dinner. They talked about their day, John complaining about parking tickets and Stiles remembering all the bad words he knew about his final project and his professor. After a while, John changed the theme.

“I had an interesting talk today. Derek Hale asked me if we are having a party on Saturday and we talked a bit more about you.”

“This is becoming creepy”

His father ignored him and continued. “What did you do to him?”

Stiles should be offended about his dad taking Derek side, if there were sides.

“I think he saw me struggling with my research all these weeks and now I’m done he want to celebrate. I don’t know, I told him it wasn’t necessary but he didn’t get the memo apparently”

“Really Stiles?” John practically facepalmed right there.

“I’m very confused at the moment”

“You’ll figure it out. Now help me with the dishes”

Stiles got up and carried the glasses, still thinking why was so important for Derek a stupid party for a well done paper. Like he said, stupid. He did send a message, saying sorry. Derek didn’t reply.

 




5.


Friday was painful. Literally.

Stiles was grocery shopping for his dad. The Sheriff gave him a long list of things that he didn’t knew they needed. A cake? Maybe some celebration at the station? He was pondering between regular soda and a free sugar soda when someone slapped him.

“What the hell!?”

“That was for hurting my brother