it were waiting for his attention. Daichi pushed Koushi over, laying beside him with his arms behind her head. "But, really, what the hell am I meant to do when you leave? Settle down, live normally?"

  "How will Sawamura Daichi last without me breaking into his house during the working hour and keeping him up all night taking about irrelevant shit?" Koushi smiled, turning his head to the side to look at Daichi. 

  "How will I last without you making my lunches, more like," Daichi muttered, slightly red from embarrassment. Koushi snickered. 

  "You'll have to learn how to cook, because I'm not trying to teach you again," the boy replied, locking eyes with his captain. "Because we both know how that ended the last time."

  "It was a disaster," Daichi laughed airily, recalling how they nearly fully painted the walls with spaghetti sauce and managed to set rice on fire. "Then again, the rice cooker was broken." 

  "It wasn't broken, you just didn't put any water in the damn thing!" Koushi argued, earning a mix of a laugh and a hush from Daichi. The two boys went fully silent, hearing Daichi's parents in the next room mooch around slightly. They stared wide-eyed at each other, until they heard the man and woman settle. 

  "Stay here tonight, Kou," Daichi suggested, turning into his side. "It's better than you going back home this late. My parents are gonna leave really early anyway." 

  Koushi smiled slightly. "We don't have another bed. My mom would flip a lid too," he snickered, before shrugging. "Fuck it, I'll text her." 

  "With what phone?" Daichi smirked, kicking two pillows down from the top of the bed towards them, hanging the bigger and more comfortable of the two to Koushi. 

  "You make a valid point. I'll text her in the morning off your phone, Dai," he mumbled. "Got a spare Gakuran I can borrow for the morning?" 

  "You know it," Daichi muttered in reply, settling back on his back staring towards the ceiling. The glowing stars stared down at the two of them. 

  "Goodnight Kou." 

  "Sleep tight, Dai." 

  * * * 

  "Oh my god, Kou, we're late, get up!" Daichi pushed the silver haired boy off the elevated bed, hearing him thump to the ground and seeing his head pop up from the other side in confusion and panic. Daichi chucked a gakuran and a pair of trousers at the boy, growling lowly. "Practice is in five minutes!" 

  "Shit!" Koushi yelled, going to stand up but banging the top of his head off Daichi's open window first. He groaned lowly at the sharp pain, rubbing his scalp as he threw the gakuran on over his pyjama top. Daichi had both the boy's training uniforms ready to go in sports bags as Koushi kept a spare at his house in case of emergency training. 

  Pulling his trousers up and buttoning them, grabbing a slice of bread out of the kitchen as he ran to the door, Koushi nearly tripped and did his face in too. Daichi laughed at his flustered friend, opening the door and pulling on his shoes. Koushi slipped on his shoes too, and the two sprinted out the door as quick as lightning. 

  Although it was lashing raining, the two didn't seem to care. The speed at which they ran up the hill towards their school through the February mist was incredibly fast; adrenaline and fear of being late for practice pumping through their veins. They turned the corner and crashed through the door of the gym barely a minute later, whatever conversations happening silencing to look upon the two disheveled and panting boys. 

  Daichi and Koushi quickly exited to the changing room, hearing Tanaka mumble that it 'looked like they just had sex'. They both turned multiple shades of red, Koushi even failing to hold back a giggle. "Jesus, Dai, looks like they caught us," he joked as they entered the room, Daichi looking as if he was about to explode from embarrassment. 

  "Oh geez, I'm kidding, close your mouth," Koushi chuckled, pinching Daichi's cheek and earning a playful shove back from the other. "Also, I might need to go to yours again tonight." 

  Daichi stopped in his tracks, placing down the two bags with a slight frown. "Okay, but why do you NEED to go?" 

    "N-no reason," Koushi stuttered. "I'll need to go home and grab a couple things first. Is that okay?" 

  "If you say so, Kou," Daichi mumbled before beginning to get changed, heard the squeak and skid of runners on linoleum out in the gym. 

  That evening, Daichi opened the door to see Koushi outside with two gym bags full of stuff. One wasn't even fully zipped it was so full. Daichi stared at the boy in slight awe, frozen in place. 

  "A couple of things?" Daichi asked with