the direction of the infirmary.

** **

Inara returned to the shuttle. She cancelled the emergency evac, powered down the engines. She crossed to Grace and lifted her from her improvised cot. Grace clung to the front of her dress, buried her face in Inara’s neck. Inara murmured soothing nonsense she could hardly hear over the sound of her heartbeat still pounding in her ears.

** **

Inara couldn’t face watching Simon operate on Mal’s leg, so when Grace was quiet again, she headed up to the bridge. Found River tense and anxious.

“Where are we headed?” Inara asked her.

River looked up from her screens. “Back the way we came. Is that right?”

“I don’t know. It’ll do until Zoe comes up to tell us differently.” Inara stepped closer, ran one hand in a comforting gesture over River’s hair. “You did well today.”

River seemed to settle under the praise.

** **

Zoe found them there a little more than an hour later to tell them Mal was going to be fine. “Weak for a while, is all. He lost a lot of blood.”

Relief flooded Inara’s stomach, but even that news did not ease her racing heartbeat. Zoe was clearly expecting her to jump up and run for the Infirmary, but Inara was terrified that when she saw Mal lying pale and unconscious on the Infirmary bed she would come undone completely. And that wasn’t fair to anyone. She chose this life. Better to stay on the bridge, keep River calm, ride the co-pilot’s console. Be of some use.

Zoe gave her a look, but said nothing. She reclaimed her daughter and headed back down the stairs.

** **

Zoe sat by Mal in the Infirmary with Grace asleep against her shoulder. She should really have laid her down in the nursery just outside, but Zoe wasn’t ready to let go of her just yet. And she found this little bit of quiet time with her daughter soothing after the chaos of the day.

Mal came awake slowly. Zoe watched him struggle to open his eyes, knew it took him a moment to work out where he was. His eyes found her – old habit – and then looked past her, searching for someone else. It was the first time in many, many years that hers wasn’t the face he was looking for when he came back to the land of the living. Zoe found it bittersweet.

“She’s on the bridge with River.”

Mal grunted, but his eyes stopped searching the room. Zoe gave him time to sort his thoughts through the fuzz of Simon’s anaesthetic.

“Wha’ happened?”

“Deal went south.”

“Mm… ‘member tha’ part.”

“You got shot in the leg.”

“’m’I gonna live?”

Zoe nodded. “’Fraid so, sir.”

The familiar banter did more to comfort Zoe than just about anything else. Mal, though, went quiet again.

“She’s on th’ bridge?”

Zoe was surprised at how much hurt she heard in his voice. Wasn’t sure his candour was entirely due to the drugs still coursing through his system.

“She’s scared. Shut up tight. Give her some time.”

Mal huffed his opinion of that, but he stopped fighting to stay awake.

** **

It was after dinner before Inara felt she could face the Infirmary with any kind of composure. But as she drew close she saw Kaylee sitting by Mal, making him laugh. Better that way, she thought.

She didn’t notice Mal watching her as she withdrew.

** **

Mal came awake in the low light of ship’s night to find Inara sitting by his bedside. She had a fierce grip on his hand, but he could feel the tremors beneath it that she couldn’t quite control. One look at her, though, and Mal knew Zoe was wrong. Inara wasn’t scared. Or, not only scared. She was angry. Mal found that strangely reassuring.

“You feelin’ better now?” he asked.

“That was supposed to be my line.”

“I’m just fine.”

“You got shot.”

“Only a little.” Mal was rewarded by a small huff of laughter. “You gonna tell me what’s wrong?”

Inara dropped her gaze for a moment. “I hated that… today…”

“Can’t say I enjoyed it myself.”

“Not just that.” She was silent for a long time. “I would do anything for Grace… I just…” She sighed in frustration, but finally looked him full in the face. “It turns out leaving you to die was harder than I expected.”

Mal smiled. “Sometimes getting shot at is the easier job.” He had meant to make her laugh, but suddenly she looked as though she was going to burst into tears. He tugged on the hand that still gripped his own. “Climb in.”

She took a breath, composed herself. “No, you need…”

“I ain