talk? I can see that whataver it’s confusing you it’s making you very upset as well.” Niall leaned to Zayn, glancing to him.

“I don’t know. It’s complicated, I think.” Zayn kept on staring at the ceiling, thinking about what to do.

“I have time. And you should know by now that I won’t judge you no matter what. We’re friends Zee, remember? I’m here to support you and help you, after all.” Niall said, placing a hand on Zayn’s chest, rubbing it.

Zayn smiled at him, grateful. Niall was just like that: a great friend that everyone could count on. He was the listener kind:  someone who would stay quiet (probably eating)while you threw up all your problems and concerns. It was nice.

“Okay. Have Harry told you about Louis?” Zayn asked.

“Would that be the guy that you chose to hang out with instead of us?” As he saw the look on Zayn’s face he let out a small laugh. “I’m kidding! What about him?”

“Well… yesterday we went to that art exposition, you know? We had tons of fun actually, he’s so good and easy and kind and, well, I kissed him.” He said, looking at Niall’s face.

His eyes widened comically, his mouth hanging open. If the situation wasn’t so severe, Zayn would have probably laughed at his friend’s face.

“What? How? What about Perrie?” He asked, still shocked.

“I don’t know! Really, I really like Perrie, I love her. But the moment I saw Louis I-I don’t even know how to explain what I felt. Something happened inside me. It feels like he had shaken me to my core, deep inside. I feel like I love him too, since I first saw him.” Zayn said, thinking about the first time he saw Louis under that tree, reading his book in such a quietly way.

Niall was still staring at him, probably speechless. Zayn met his gaze and his eyes were almost begging for Niall to say something, make him feel less lost.

“I really don’t know what to say, Zayn. I mean, don’t you and this guy, Louis, met, like, six days ago or something?”

“That’s not the point. The point is that I kissed him yesterday while I’m still dating Perrie and what will I do when she returns?” Zayn asked, a little bit of agony on his voice.

“You’ll have to choose, of course. You are not thinking about keeping both of them, are you? That would be primitive.” Niall said, serious.

“I don’t think I can do that. Perrie’s wonderful you know? But Louis… it just feels right.”

“Wait! Does Louis knows that you date someone?” Niall suddenly asked, his eyebrows arching.

“I don’t think so.” Zayn asked, shaking his shoulders.

“You jerk! I can’t believe you’ve kissed him and he doesn’t even know that you’re dating a girl!” He said, punching Zayn on the shoulder.

“Oi! What about the ‘I’m here to help you and support you’?” Zayn exclaimed, rubbing the spot where Niall had punched him.

“That was before I knew you were cheating on your girlfriend with a guy who is clueless about your relationship status.” Niall said, mad.

“Thanks, you’re doing a wonderful job helping me and stuff. I definitely feel better after our heart-to-heart.” Zayn finally said.

“Oh, don’t be like that! I’ve already said what you have to do: choose. You can’t keep fooling both of them. And eventually one of them will find out and it will be worse.” Niall said, taking the food from the table and starting to eat a sandwich.

Zayn just nodded. Niall was right: he would have to choose one of them, but how? Zayn felt his heart split in two, each half devoted to one of them. He sighed, watching the rain pouring outside.

-

It’s been two days since Louis had talked to Zayn, at the night of the exposition. Since then, Zayn went out of radar and Louis couldn’t reach him. He sent a text, a silly one, but the dark-haired boy didn’t answered and Louis decided he wouldn’t send another one because he didn’t want to sound like a creepy stalker or something.

Louis was too busy with his classes anyway: he had two papers to work on and some research about the books he had been reading lately. But as he tried to finish his works, the only thing he could think about were dark eyes and strong arms holding him.

He kept staring at his cellphone as well,