to the other, strategically weaving through a crowded area. Kagami was thankful that Aomine had, at least, his basketball skills with him. He's not utterly useless. As they found their seats, Aomine agued that he wanted to take the window seat but Kagami already sat down and so they bickered for a good while before an attendent had to settle them onto their seats. 

Aomine got his window seat.

"Hey let me borrow your headphones"

"'No."

"Bu-"

"Should have packed your own."

A loud groan was heard.

As the plane ascended, Aomine had pla ed a death grip on Kagami's wrists. 

"Ow. You're hurting me Aho!"

As he glanced in his direction, he found Aomine completely terrified. His eyes were closed while his teeth sunk onto his lips, preventing him from making unnecessary sounds. He couldn't help but take a picture of the moment. If Aomine had never been on a plane before, why did he take the risk this time? Kagami would have to remember to ask him at a later time. His expression at the moment is priceless, he doesn't even feel the grip on his wrists anymore. 


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 

"Taiga!!! You came back!"

Alex exuberated expression shone through despite the crowd of people. Impatiently, she wove her way against them, bumping from shoulder to shoulder in hopes of getting closer to them faster.

"Are-"

Kagami found himself tackled before finishing his greeting. To his side was a dumbstruck Aomine, his eyes glued towards Alex's chest.


Of course.


"Oh? Who is this Taiga?"

She asked as she slowly inspected Aomine from head to toe, her brows quirking.

"Aomine Daiki, he is...uh mhai friend?"

Alex gave him a puzzled look when she returned her gaze towards him

"You're not sure if the two of you are friends?"

The rush of embarrassment showed through his cheeks. The two of them never called each other friends, instead, they berated each other more often than not. Their one on ones somehow became a daily routine without taking the time to confirm whether they were friends at all. As soon as they stood on that court, all unnecessary thoughts were gone. They were lost in their own little world; no one else existed beside the two. And so he throws a glance towards Aomine, asking for a silent confirmation but none were received as he was busy oggling.


Crude bastard.


"Well it doesn't matter. Oooh I missed you so much!"

Kagami already knew he was in danger of being kissed yet was still not fast enough to evade her attack. And so his lips were harshly invaded by hers. He pushes on her chest, a futile attempt as she stood there against his chest unmoving. Remembering that Aomine was beside them, he frantically waved his hands in hopes of getting his message across. Though it only manages to catch his attention. Aomine scrunched his brows, probably attempting to decode his motions.


What a useless idiot.


Is he really not able to determine the uncomfortable situation he was in? It boggles his mind that Aomine could be so simple minded. And with that, Kagami surrenders, his lips at her mercy.

Then her lips left with a pop. Without a second thought, Kagami brought the back of his hand to his lips.

"S-Shtop doing dhat!

"No need to be shy Taiga! You're in America now!"

Kagami could only look on with a scowl on his face. He'll never get used to this behavior of hers he thought. As he continues to rub on his lips, Alex suddenly turned towards Aomine. Out of reflex, his eyes quickly shoots up to level with Alex, his expression clearly startled.

Alex hums. And that's not good. It means she's up to something.

"Hmm~ your friend sure is cute though"

Dread washed over him as he watches her get closer towards him. Kagami's mouth opens to warn him.

"Ao-"

But he was too late, their lips had met and now Aomine's expression transitioned to pure horror. His hands flailed on his sides, an attempt for an SOS but Kagami felt like being petty and left him to his demise.


Serves you right.


"Alex Garcia! Nice to meet you!"  She says as she pulls away from the kiss, her hands squeezing Aomine's face.

 


 


Alex had picked them up with her car, a Jeep SUV at that. The ride to their apartment was quiet as Aomine was still recovering from the shock and Kagami, well, he was dead tired. Alex knew and so she didn't bother to pester them anymore. It was late afternoon when they stopped by a bungalow, Alex turned her attention towards them.

"This used to be my vacation home but I haven't been using it, so feel free to stay."

Kagami peeked out through the window, impressed that she had been generous as to provide them with a gorgeous house. He hadn't expected her to do so