just threw up here and now. And that wouldn't make for a very sexy sight now, would it? God, he'd have to delete that word once this was all over.


"Don't think about the end before it's even started my dear. You might get bored."


Sherlock tried to ignore the comment, but it chilled him to the bone to be so exposed. He was being read like an open book. Dispelling the awful thought, he kept waving his body and thrusting his hips, rotating them as he stepped back and forth, swaying and gyrating to his own personal soundtrack. To add to the effect, he stretched his arm up and around his head, revealing more white skin each time he stepped in and out, in and out – the gesture all the more tantalising as his shirt remained firmly on. At last he let his hand slide tentatively to his belt, but once again was interrupted by Moriarty's voice.


"Oh come on dear, don't be boring. Why don't you use the chair?"


Sherlock stared back helplessly as his meaning dawned on him. He couldn't possibly want him to...


"Of course I do."


Sherlock tried swallowing, but his throat was so tight he only managed to enhance the panic that was threatening to overflow.

No. This is nothing. At worst it will end up with sex. On the other hand I could just watch them torture John until he begged for mercy and then kill him. The best option is obvious, really.

Yes, it was. But this wasn't actual sex. It was nothing like the ordinary rape, violent and messy. This was art. It had nothing to do with shoving him against a wall and just ravishing him on the spot. Oh, no, it was much more devious than that. The man was playing him like an instrument: no brutal force was needed against his person as the desired sounds were obtained through skilful manipulation. He was stripping him of each and every layer of his very being, despoiling his mind and defiling whatever sorry excuse for a heart he may have had. He had entered his mind palace and was walking around as if he owned the place. He had John at his mercy and he was making the doctor watch him as he was literally giving himself away. Because he was. Moriarty wasn't forcing himself on him: he had asked him to be entertaining and sexy, and Sherlock was complying willingly.

He had him dancing in the palm of his hand quite all right.


"Don't make me hit Johnny boy again, Sherlock. Unless that turns you on too? Doesn't quite fit with the bashful virgin image, but then again, nobody would have guessed you had such resources. Well, nobody except me."


He smiled shrewdly and Sherlock felt sick. The nausea was now overwhelming and more than a bit distracting. But maybe it was better that way – he didn't know nausea could act as Dutch courage and increase boldness, bringing a dizziness that could distract from fear.

On second thoughts, maybe it didn't.


"Sherlock."


A growl. Sherlock gave a start and knew the trembling was getting worse. He hoped John at least wouldn't notice. NO! Don't think about him. He's not here. Not here at all. Forget him.

He stopped the thrusting and wiggling of his hips and stood face on to Moriarty, legs wide apart. Slowly, he bounced and pulsed up and down as he began to unbuckle it. He realized his hands were shaking, as if they really didn't want to do what came next, but he knew this was expected of him. He swallowed, almost choking himself in the process, and held each end of his belt as he placed it between his legs and began to rub and rock it back and forth. He knew he had been right upon seeing the satisfied smirk on his enemy's face. The man wasn't hard though. Sherlock knew he was getting off on this, but not as the vulgar would.

"Being naughty, aren't we? Are you disappointed? Johnny boy there might have a more satisfying reaction, if that's what you're looking for," he added, with a sweet smile.

Sherlock felt the bile rise in his throat but willed it down again. He would have time to be sick and fall apart when this was over. When John was safe.

He stepped to the side and let go of his belt, swishing it along the floor. Then he attempted to walk purposefully in circle with a hand on his hip, while unzipping his trousers. Turning to face Moriarty once again, he resumed eye contact, his lips slightly parted because his lungs didn't seem to be functioning any more and his heart rate told him breathing through his nose would be nowhere near enough.

Before long he was looking back away again and thrashing his hips while running his hands all over his body. He hated the feel of his own sweat, the stickiness of his