sounds really creepy but yeah I was shy! He always looked so cute whenever he smiled at the customers, the corners of his eyes always wrinkled up and they looked like little crescents. He always looked so adorable and happy when he was talking to people. I’ll always remembered the fluttery feeling in stomach whenever I saw him.  I never told him about the whole stalking thing after we got together because it’s so embarrassing.”

“How we got together was that me and Sehun were waiting in line together and once it was our turn to order, Baek was like ‘Oh hey Chanyeol, you’ve become a regular here huh?’ and right when I was about to answer, Sehun suddenly says ‘Because he has a big crush on you!’ and ran out of the store. So I basically had to confess right there because what else could I do? But yeah thank god he liked me back or what would’ve been embarrassing.”

 

>>>>> Baekhyun’s side

 

“Well like I said before we didn’t start talking ‘til sophomore year and that was because our friends hung out with each other so we did too. I never really thought any of it, I never really saw him as more than friends to be honest I just thought he was a cool and funny guy. We only ever hung out when we were with our friends so we never hung out with just the two of us.” He smiled to himself as he tried to recall the next series of events.

“Toward the end of our junior year was when he actually confessed to me. I was working part time at a cafe near school and he came really often. I always noticed he was there on the days I worked, but would never say hi or anything unless I was the one taking his order or giving him his drink. I always wondered if he came like everyday or was it just a coincidence that he was there on the days I worked. Since he came so often I would always see him at the table in the corner either studying or writing something in his notebook- after we started dating he told me he liked to write songs but I didn’t know that at the time. That was when I started thinking how cute he was,” he grinned at his boyfriend sitting across from him, “He always looked really focused whenever he was writing on them and he would always this thing where he would lick his top lip when he was in the zone. I never initiated conversation with him but just seeing him every day made me start to develop a little crush on him. The story of how he confessed to me is actually really funny, I love telling people about it. I was taking his order one day and Sehun, his best friend, suddenly just said ‘He has a big crush on you’ and ran out and I was just standing there in shock and I could feel my face heating up!”

Baekhyun clapped his hands together loudly as he laughed. “My heart was beating so fast waiting for Chanyeol to say something cause I was just thinking ‘what if he was joking?’ and I just remembered feeling like I was going to throw up; but then, he looked at me and started stuttering- I thought it was the cutest thing ever- and told me he liked me and it took me a few seconds to process everything and then I told him I liked him back.”






Who liked who more?


 

<<<< Both sides >>>>

 

“I definitely think I liked him more.”

Baekhyun scoffed playfully, “How are you so sure?”

“I liked you since sophomore year! I definitely liked you more.” Chanyeol crossed his arms and sat back in his chair, nodding with confidence. Baekhyun rolled his eyes and tried hold back the smile threatening at the corners of his lips.

“Whatever.”

 


Who said “I love you” first?


 

>>>>> Baekhyun’s side

 

“I think I said it first...I think it was over a little a month after we started dating was when I first said it and I remembered him being really surprised when I did,” he chuckled.

 

<<<<< Chanyeol's side

 

“I’m...not even sure I think he said it first? I think I remembered being really shocked when he first said it because I always thought I liked him more so when he told me he loved me I was extremely happy.”

 


What if you never met?


 

>>>>> Baekhyun’s side

 

“Hmm...I mean a lot of things definitely would have changed. I wouldn’t have had all the experiences, all the memories I had with him. He’s my like my best friend so I can’t even imagine not having him in my life.”

 

<<<<< Chanyeol's side 


“I think...I wouldn’t have pursued music as far I did. I was always passionate about music, but it was never the safe path to go down. Baekhyun was the one person in my life that always supported me no matter what and encouraged me to follow my dreams- as cheesy as that sounds,” he laughed.

 


Why are you in love?


 

<<<<< Chanyeol's side 

 

“I