his parents, and his older brother that he didn’t get along with and didn’t see much when he comes home. Sehun didn’t explain in details, staying vague and evasive, so Chanyeol didn’t ask, knowing the subject could be a touchy one.

Also, he didn’t want Sehun to be sad. Talking about his brother made him look down at his lap, eyes becoming glassy so the taller immediately changed the subject to distract him from his sullen thoughts.

Then, he had learnt about Sehun’s best friend, Jongin. The boy asked him if he would like to meet said friend and Chanyeol stuttered a ‘why not’ despite his better judgment. But how could he resist Sehun’s hopeful expression and glinting gaze?

That’s how Chanyeol found himself meeting Kim Jongin. He wasn’t surprised to find out Sehun’s best friend was as cute as him. He was more on the quiet side, not saying much but still ready to throw a witty comment at Sehun. It was oddly entertaining. Chanyeol quickly felt comfortable in his presence, not feeling left out as Jongin and Sehun easily brought him to their conversation. Sehun was a chatterbox with Jongin and the latter humored him, laughed at his joke and looked at him fondly.

It looked like Jongin wasn’t immune to Sehun’s charms either. Sehun has that effect on people. And, instead of bothering Chanyeol like he thought it would—like it did with Baekhyun—it made him smile. Chanyeol could clearly see their complicity and it reminded him of his relationship with Jongdae.

Biting his lip, Chanyeol suddenly wondered if Jongdae and him would act that way too if they met. Probably. His chest ached a little at the thought. Seeing Jongin and Sehun laughing together made him want to meet his best friend badly. Maybe it would be a good time to stop being afraid.

 

 

 

 

Pcy: hey loser, let’s meet soon okay?
Kjd: ????????????
Kjd: who are you and what did you do to my Chanyeol?
Pcy: cute boys have that effect on me, they make me do things I usually wouldn’t dream of doing
Kjd: I hope I’m one of those cute boys
Pcy: of course you are ;) you were the first of my collection
Kjd: collection? Do you plan to have more cute boys in your harem?
Pcy: definitely, I need the cute in my life to cleanse my dark soul
Kjd: ow don’t go all emo on me pls
Kjd: also your soul was never dark to begin with, it was just dusty
Kjd: and you have bad eyesight ;)
Pcy: idk if this is a compliment or not
Kjd: of course it is
Kjd: …not
Pcy: *blocks you*
Kjd: btw tell me when you want to meet i’m free anytime for ya bb ;)





Chanyeol waited nervously in front of Sehun’s door, licking his lips and tugging at his hair. He was a bit early but he couldn’t wait to see Sehun. It was the first time they would go out together outside of college, just the two of them—excluding study dates, parties, and that one time they had breakfast—so he was excited. It meant they were more than just classmates or college acquaintances and it made Chanyeol very happy. For once, he had a real friend, someone who didn’t find him weird or annoying and liked spending time with him.

Well, okay, so maybe there weren’t just friends, as in Chanyeol having a not so little crush on Sehun which makes the ‘friends’ part. In his defense, it wasn’t his fault Sehun was too charming for his own good, acting all cute and flirty with Chanyeol. At least that’s what is looked like to him. But then, he maybe wrong and the boy wasn’t flirting with him at all, and it could only be his personality for all he knew. They knew each other for a little more than three months now, so he couldn’t be sure.

He was brought back to reality when the door opened and Sehun’s appearing in front of him. He looked surprised to see Chanyeol at his door, a toothbrush between his lips and his hair in disarray.

“Hi!” Chanyeol smiled sheepishly. “Sorry I’m early…”

Sehun blinked at him and motioned for him to come in before hurrying to another room—the bathroom probably—while hiding his mouth with his hand. Chanyeol chuckled and waited for him by the door, squirming nervously.

“Hey,” Sehun called, his head popping out from the bathroom’s door. “Sorry I’m late! Just give me a minute to get ready!”

“Take your time!” he answered back.

When Sehun exited the bathroom, he wore white pants that molded his legs and ass perfectly with a low white tank top. His hair was still messy, even if he tried to comb them as best as he could.

“I’ll have to wear a beanie, my hair is a mess today