Well, isn’t this a surprise…”

Yue heard a voice say from behind her. She whirled around with wide eyes, astonished she hadn’t heard them sneak up behind her. In the darkness only faintly illuminated by the moon above, she could see the faint lines of a scar on the left side of the person’s face. Yue felt her heart drop.

The boy stepped closer with a laugh.

“Didn’t your father teach you better manners? That’s no way to address a prince…” He said, coming up to her with a smirk on his lips.

“Zuko…” was the only word that Yue could choke out as she watched him.

Reaching up, the exiled prince removed the hood of his parka, revealing his onyx hair, which was tied atop the crown of his head. Prince Zuko was dressed solidly in white, no doubt to camouflage himself with the snow that surrounded the Northern Kingdom. His face, however, was undeniably recognizable. His scar stood out against the paleness of his face, with various bruises and cuts to match it. Had he been in combat?

Yue’s heart was pounding in her chest as she kept her eyes locked onto Zuko, watching every move he made with caution. Now she really regretted leaving Sokka; she knew he would’ve knocked the Fire Nation prince to the ground by now, giving them a chance to escape. But no, now here she was, trapped within the Prince’s grasp.

“You’re exiled! How did you-?!”

“I have my ways, Princess.” Zuko interjected before Yue could finish, saying her title with vitriol. He laughed once more, looking around for a moment before back at Yue. “Such a shame, really, seeing a city as beautiful as this be torn to pieces by my nation’s people.”

Yue narrowed her eyes. “I’m surprised someone as you could feel empathy for my kingdom.”

Zuko feigned a hurt look at her words. “Oh, princess, that cut deep.”

“Don’t you mean burnt?” Yue laughed, feeling a bit daring.

Zuko hesitated, his eyes widening a bit. He was shocked she would have such nerve to say such a harsh comeback.

Suddenly, he raised his hand above her, about to strike with all of his strength. Panic was quickly painted onto Yue’s face as she shut her eyes, flinching and bracing for the impact of his hand on her pale skin.

It never came though; Zuko held himself back. Yue nervously, cautiously opened her eyes to stare back up at the prince.

“No, I’ll save my strength.” He hummed. “I’ll need it when I recapture the Avatar…”

Yue wanted to laugh at that; but she bit her tongue. Zuko raised an eyebrow at her, smirking again. “I suppose you know where he is, don’t you? Why would’t you, after all.”

Yue shook her head. “You’re a fool if you think I’d tell you.”

“Oh? Or are you a fool for not telling me, Princess?” Zuko cooed to her, sickeningly sweetly. “I have a feeling he’s with those two Water Tribe siblings, as always…the ones always protecting their precious Avatar…”

Yue instinctively perked up at the mention of Sokka, her expression changing to one of worry. Zuko took notice.

“I could always try to find them myself; I have a feeling those Water Tribe peasants wouldn’t be hard to locate before dawn…especially considering—“

“Don’t hurt them, please!” Yue said abruptly, leaning toward Zuko and placing her hands on his chest, gently.

Zuko was shocked at the Princess’ actions at first, but couldn’t help but to laugh aloud at her desperation. He almost expected her to be more level. “You care about those two rats that much? But why…?”

Yue backed away, biting her tongue for good this time as a light blush crept to her cheeks. 

"I…care about my people.” She looked down, averting her sapphire eyes from his amber ones.

Zuko wasn’t satisfied with that. He leaned down to Yue, reaching for her and gripping her face in his right hand. “Oh, no, Princess, there has to be more to this story…” He said. “Now, tell me… You care for that Water Tribe boy, don’t you?”

Yue stayed silent, still looking to the ground below her. Zuko felt something within him spark at her defiance, even if it was something so small.

“TELL ME.”

The prince shouted, his grip on her face tightening intensely.

Yue could feel his hand getting warmer against her skin and felt her skin begin to burn.

“Yes!” She cried out, tears escaping her eyes as she looked back to Zuko. He just smirked at her; that same damn smirk he had been giving her this whole time. Zuko released his grip on her. His hand trailed to her neck, pulling back the