followed Scott, Kira and Max to he lunch line. Kira turned to him before she went to get food "oh, before I forget.. Our friends are over there," she said and pointed to a table "so you can go over there and sit, get to know them if you want." Kira said with a smile. "will do," he smiled back and walked over to the table. He sat down next to a gut with a really jaw line and incredible eyes. He looked around the table and saw a girl with short hair, brown eyes and then a girl with red hair and brown eyes.

"I'm Brandon, uh.. Kira told me to sit here?" he said, even though it was more of a question since he wanted to make sure it was the right table. "Why would Kira tell you to sit here?" the girl with the short brown hair asked. Innocent question really, but it could come off as rude. "Mailia don't be rude," the girl with red hair said. "I'm Lydia, That's Stiles and that's Malia. we have a few more people coming but they aren't here yet for some reason." she said and smiled, even though she looked aggravated.

"Okay, cool." he smiled and took a bite of his sandwich. He noticed Stiles kept looking at him suspiciously. "so.... Brandon, where you from? What's your last name?" he asked. Brandon was a bit confused but he answered. "I'm from L.A but I moved here with my sisters and my mom because my sister got us expelled and my mom had a job offer here. And my last name is Black, I want to change it but I haven't been officially adopted yet which is weird since I've been with them for since I was ten." he explained as Charlie, Max and Kira walked over. He glanced Stiles who just nodded at his answer.

Charlie and Max sat beside him and Stiles while Kira and Scott sat down next to Malia and Lydia.

They talked for a while and then Liam and Mason came, they were nice. Stiles kept asked Charlie, Max and I weird questions. Lydia tried to stop him sometimes but gave up. after lunch I headed towards math while Charlie went to AP something. Some type of math. Maybe science? who knows.


X 1 Week Later X 


Scotts POV

Scott sighed, it was a full moon and Liam had been acting weird. he usually had control but he didn't seem like right now. His fangs were out and his eyes were glowing yellow. He roared in Scotts face. Scott couldn't risk him self losing control but he had to do something. They were in woods and he had called Kira and Stiles was on his way.

He could call Max but he doesn't completely trust her yet and he's not sure what she is. He knows she's something, just not what. Maybe when he gets to know her more he'll ask.

Scott could hear Stiles jeep, somehow he knew that they were at the Hale house.  He listened again it didn't actually sound like Stiles jeep. It sounded more like a truck. Then he remembered that Charlie had a red 1965 ford mustang fastback she inherited from her biological dad. He groaned. What the hell were they doing? They couldn't know what was going on unless.. He accidentally texted Charlie or Max... (he didn't have Brandon's phone number yet)

Charlie pulled into the grass, Max jumped out from the passengers side, eyes glowing green and a fangs out. panther. Scott thought. Charlie got out of the car with a baseball bat wrapped in barbwire.

Brandon has bad luck, Charlie is a nerd and Max is confused.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


X two weeks later X 



(Third person)


 

Max had headache, that's how confused she was. "so.. The dread doctors make teenagers into.. Supernatural creatures?" she asked, making sure she understood.

Scott nodded "yeah, it's confusing. But we could really use your help." He said.

"This town is insane." Charlie said and everyone looked at her "I love it. I've always wanted to have action in my life and here I am, helping you guys fight crime like... Uh..." she thought for a moment "It's kinda like we're the Avengers. But I like Deadpool so I'd be him." she said and grinned.

"who?" Malia asked. "Never mind, Brandon are you okay?" she asked.

"Yeah.. It's just strange. This is supposed to be legends and TV stuff." Brandon said.

Lydia nodded understanding him. "that's what I thought too." she said and smiled, almost sarcastic.

"It's not so bad." Scott said.

Stiles chuckled "I mean.. Sure I was possessed, Scott has almost died a dozen times, Kira is