at the thoughts that crossed his mind. He loved her legs. Maybe they could ditch Harry and Ginny early and have a real celebration later.

He looked up surprisingly as the man that was next to her made a comment next to her ear and she laughed warmly at the stranger. Or was he a stranger. It certainly looked like she knew him as it appeared that she was being very friendly...maybe a bit too friendly for his liking. Hermione was normally a bit standoffish with new people and flirty behaviour...like he was now observing was foreign to her. Maybe it was just his jealous steak rearing its ugly head and he calmed himself. She would not like him behaving like a childish git in front of people. She probably knew this smiling prat next to her.

As she spotted him approaching she broke into a wide grin and brushed the man away with a flick of her head. She stood up as he reached her and surprised him again by drawing him into an intimate hug and a deep snog right in front of everyone.

"Whoa there Mrs. Weasley! You're in a mood. You're the one who never likes these open shows. What's got into you? Not that I'm complaining mind you." he laughed loudly.

"I just missed my big boy and I want to show him how much." she purred seductively.

"Wow Hermione. You really had a good day. I heard about your case and I'm really happy for you. Is this as a result? Is this why we're here?" he asked lightly as she continued to grope at him. His ego should have been savouring the attention but strangely he began to feel a bit uncomfortable and conspicuous in the crowded bar. 

"I don't want to talk about work. It's Friday. What I need is you so shut up and kiss me again." she moved up against him again and before he could comply with her request she grabbed his neck and pulled him into another deep kiss.

OK this was strange he thought. What the hell was she drinking? He pulled away with a smirk.

"Hermione what have you been drinking? and who was that guy you were talking to earlier." he tried to untangle her limbs from him as he asked.

"Who? that guy? He's nobody. Just forget about him. And you can get me another one of those margaritas. They're really good. You should have one too Ron and then we can talk about why I brought you here.

Ron was really confused. Hermione drinking weird muggle drinks, not talking about work and flirting with strangers? Not to mention openly kissing and groping him in public. What the hell happened at her work he wondered.oOo

"Ron what are you saying! You know that's not  how I feel at all. I love my work and so do you...so what happened today to have you so pissed off?" she asked desperately.

"Er..nothing happened. I'm sorry. I just dropped into my depressing mood. You know how I am." he smiled again. "As for the surprise, I have to take you somewhere special. You will like it I promise. In fact screw the drinks let's go now. Come on." he stated quickly and made to stand up. She stopped him with her hand on his arm. 

"Ron remember we have to go and meet Ginny and Harry. It's her birthday remember? How long is this surprise going to last?" she enquired.

"Don't worry. It's not going to take long besides we can always catch Ginny and Harry another time. It's not like it's her last birthday." he looked at her for a second before changing his mind.

"OK ok. I promise we will get this over with quickly and then we can go and meet the Chosen One and his wife." he smirked as he pulled her outside to a small alley next to the cafe.  

Hermione was now deep in thought as she ran through all that had transpired over the last half hour. Something felt wrong and she tried to assemble all her facts in her head as she followed Ron outside.

"Don't look so worried babe. I promise this will be worth it." he laughed as he drew her close to him.

"I can show you a little preview if you want." he growled softly as he clumsily groped her breasts. She hesitated before taking his hand gently.

"Ron...please slow down. Wherever we are going we can continue this. I promise I will be nice. I can even do the thing that you like...just like I did on your last birthday." she flirted suddenly. Ron's smile only got wider in anticipation.  

"Come on then. What are we waiting for?" he moved away to apparate with her but she broke his hold on her hand.

She swiftly brought her wand up to his chest and sent a stunning spell at point blank range. He keeled over like a wet sack and she had