messy hair. His boyfriend smiles coyly at him and mouths at his cock through the fabric, licking the wet patch Zitao’s precome left on the tissue.

“Come on,” The older sighs, growing impatient. “Don’t tease.”

Sehun chuckles softly and bites his thigh in retaliation, just to tease him. Zitao growls and cups his nape to urge him on. The younger presses a kiss to his tummy and smiles when Zitao’s muscles contract at the touch.

Taking pity on his boyfriend, he pulls Zitao’s boxers down and puts his lips on his cockhead, sucking it gently. Zitao moans louder at this and it spurs Sehun on, the younger licking the shaft from base to top while one of his hands plays with Zitao’s balls.

Zitao hisses as Sehun’s teeth graze his sensitive skin, then groans at the feeling of his boyfriend’s warm mouth enveloping him completely. Looking down, he gaps at the view. Sehun’s red lips are stretched prettily around his cock and a trail of saliva is running down the corner of his mouth. It’s filthy as hell but so damn hot. Zitao’s cock twitches.

There’s a devilish glint in Sehun’s eyes and Zitao already knows what he has in mind, anticipating it even. The younger hums around him and takes more of him, deep throating him easily.

Zitao knows he won’t last long like this. He had been teased by the younger all day. Between the flashes of the younger’s pale skin (thanks Donghae hyung) and the jiggling of his ass when he walks or dances on stage, Zitao’s self-control has long been at his limits.

And now that Sehun got the hang of his gag reflex, he always makes sure to render Zitao crazy with his blowjob skills. Not that Zitao is complaining. He loves seeing Sehun on his knees with his mouth full of cock.His cock. 

Sehun keeps licking his boyfriend’s cock, bobbing his head up and down and moaning around his shaft. Rolling his balls between his fingers, his free hand squeezes Zitao’s ass to keep him from jostling upwards. Feeling his orgasm coming, Zitao pushes Sehun head away gently. The younger releases his member with a pop and licks his lips slowly. “Come on my face?” He demands quietly, biting his lips and tracing arabesques on his lover’s hips.

Throwing his head back, Zitao groans. “You’re going to be the death of me.”

He doesn’t say no though and Sehun smiles, looking pleased. He wraps his hand on Zitao’s cock and jerks him off at a quick pace, thumbing at the slit. The fingers of his other hand tease his hole, pressing against it without actually pushing in.

It seems to be the last straw because Zitao groans, and bucks up his hips, coming all over the younger’s face. Sehun closes his eyes just in time, and opens his mouth wide, peeking his tongue out to have a taste. He continues to flick his wrist to get his boyfriend through his orgasm, milking him dry.

When he opens his eyes again, Zitao is breathing heavily, bracing both of his hands against the door behind Sehun to keep himself uptight. He’s shaking but looks content and Sehun feels proud. He gets up slowly and wipes the come from his face with his fingers, licking them clean.

Zitao catches him in the act and groans, slapping his thigh. “Stop that, I’m going to get hard again.”

Sehun smirks. “Actually, that would be nice.”

His boyfriend arches his eyebrow and Sehun presses himself against him, rubbing his hard on against his hip. Zitao lets out a “oh”, and doesn’t waste time before unbuckling his belt. He slips his hand in Sehun’s boxers and jerks him off quickly, pressing kisses along his neck. “Are you close?”

“Yeah…” The younger whines low in his throat, his fingers grabbing Zitao’s biceps tightly. “Keep going…”

Zitao chuckles against his skin and licks at the junction of his neck and shoulder, leaving a wet patch there. Sehun’s moans become louder as he gets closer to his release, and he arches his spin when he finally does on Zitao’s hand. The latter presses a small kiss on his lips and pulls out his soiled hand, wiping it on his own tank top.

“Good?” He asks the younger, removing some of the hair covering his forehead. Sehun nods, his breathing still irregular, and smiles at him. Zitao cups his cheek and pecks him sweetly, the younger kissing him back lazily.

Too boneless to move, Sehun lets Zitao undress him and pull him towards the shower head to wash up. Both of them were still sweaty from the concert and their activities, and the warm water on their skin feels too much like heaven right now.

 

 


Sehun licks his lips, wiping the sweat from his face with the white towel the staff gave him. He couldn’t wait to take a shower. The concert