staring at the boy in front of him. Beautiful, talented and dorky. He’s literally everything Liam wants except for the part where he’s unattainable.

“Besides your glasses, you’ve never struck me as a dork, Zayn. It’s cute.” Liam flirts, inching closer.  

“Uh, yeah, I think we should get back now, sir.” Zayn says but he’s already started back towards their gate.

--

The school had arranged for a bus to pick them up from the airport. On the way to the hotel, Liam checks the list that were arranged also by the school for room partners. They’ll all be on the same floor, boys on one side, girls on the other.

Although, Liam thought it would be a hassle to check in at the hotel and get all their key cards ready, it wasn’t. The school had called for them to be ready ahead of time.

Liam called off each pair of roommates to the group starting with the girls. As he reached Zayn’s name, he realized that his room was directly in front of Samar’s. So, on the spot, he switched Zayn’s partner from Alex to Johnny.

He was pretty close to rooming Zayn with him to keep an eye on the boy but apparently there’s a school policy where students and teachers can’t room together.

--

They spend five days out of six wandering the streets of Venice by foot. They even attend a masquerade ball that’s open to the public. It’s just a street filled with festivities and masked people.

He’s glad they’re taking part in this because it means that he’ll have to search for Zayn. It turns him on that Zayn is going to be even harder to chase now. It’ll be dark and Zayn will be masked. He’s going to have to work for him. He thinks this as if he already isn’t but this time it’s different. They’re in a foreign country where anything could happen.

In the evening, Liam doesn’t see any of his students after dinner, retreating to his room. He showers, shaves in more areas than just the one. He decides that tonight if he can’t get Zayn, he’ll try getting lucky. That may be a little irresponsible but he can’t help all the pent up sexual tension in him.

He decides on his black henley with some dark jeans, bordeaux mask in hand. In the elevator, he puts it on. He’d made his class wear them, claimed it’d be fun, but he had ulterior motives. He didn’t want to know which mask belonged to Zayn.

“Looking foxy, Mz. Jarka. You have anyone to take that back to, miss?” Niall wolf whistles at his teacher. That’s the first thing Liam hears as he approaches the group.

“Oh my God, Niall. You can’t say shit like that to your teacher.” Amy elbows him in his side.

Liam looks to Jarka noting the blush that sits high on her cheeks. Next he looks for Zayn but he can’t spot him.

“We’ll be walking to the festival as the roads are all closed. Stay close and make sure you memorize the way back in case you lose us.” Jarka explains, starting towards the doors.

The walk was short and sweet filled with the type of breeze that dances across your skin. It didn’t feel at all like a mandatory walk to Liam. The rest of his students he’s not sure about.

“You guys can go your separate ways now, we’ll meet back here at midnight. Please buddy up, don’t want any of you getting lost. We’ll meet back here at midnight.”

He watches as each pairing stalks off, Amy and Niall rushing off to the dessert section. He still hasn’t spotted Zayn, and he feels a little upset.

“Have a nice night, Jarka. I’ll see you back here at 12.”

“Bye, Liam. Have fun.”

He waves back at her already making his way to the booze section. He grabs at the first drink he can. Closed of course because no matter how upset he is he’s always cautious.

Drink in hand, he makes his way over to the deck. Sitting down on the edge, legs dangling over the water. Inhale, exhale.

The sound of footsteps comes up from behind him but he ignores it. Thinking it’s a passerbyer. However, he’s not ready for the person to take a seat besides him.

He doesn’t look up not even when the voice asks him, “what’s wrong, gorgeous.” The voice sounds familiar but he’s not sure and he still hasn’t looked up.

“Nothing, just a little tired.”

“Yeah? Wanna get out of here?”

“Uh, no offense, whoever you are,” Liam starts looking out onto the