didn’t you?”

“I er… I didn’t mean to er… It’s just…” he started to stutter, causing both of the girls to look down at where he’d repositioned his arms.

“Well, if that’s the case, why don’t we show you more?” asked Emily.

“More?” he asked.

“Yeah, what?” asked JJ, looking at Emily.

“I don’t know, I just think it’s kinda hot that he’s watching,” she explained, leaning toward JJ again.

“No, no this is…” she started to argue but Emily’s hand had continued its previous task. “Mmmm, ok… I get it now.”

JJ looked Spencer dead in the eyes as her chest began to rise and fall with her breathing, watching as he started to squirm in his seat. Spencer couldn’t look away, seeing the two together was strange but he felt wrongly aroused by what they were doing. It got even harder for him as JJ reached under the table, grabbing his knee as she finally closed her eyes.

“Do you like that, Spencer?” asked Emily with another devious grin.

“I er… umm… yeah, I do,” he admitted, unable to stop himself from watching.

“Does it make you excited?” she asked as JJ let her head roll back.

“Mhmm, very much so,” he answered.

“Then I think it’s time we all got out of here and found somewhere more… private,” she said, finally pulling her hand from between JJ’s legs. “You coming?” she asked but JJ answered before he could.

“I was going to,” she complained, making Emily grin even more.

~

Emily practically pushed Spencer through the door, her hand guiding him backwards into her bedroom and into the chair in the corner of the room. The panic on his face amused her as she drunkenly turned back toward JJ, who had followed them through the door. The moment she was close enough, she pulled JJ into her, kissing her deeply and letting her tongue dance between her lips. Sliding her hand into her blouse between the buttons, she gripped lightly at one of her breasts as the other slid around to grip her behind through her pants.

JJ couldn’t help but let out a soft moan, sliding her hands under Emily’s top and pulling it upward over her head. Before long, Emily had undone all of the button of JJ’s blouse, pulling it from her arms and dropping it off her back before turning and pushing her onto the bed.

With a small wobble on her feet, Emily stood over JJ, who looked up at her with a look of pure lust. Placing a knee between her legs, Emily climbed on top of JJ, pinning her down and hovering her body over her. Their lips met once more but not for long, as Emily slide down to her collarbone, dragging her nails down her stomach as she went. Next she moved down to her navel, letting her fingers play along the edge of her pants as her back arched up to meet her.

Spencer couldn’t take his eyes off what he was seeing, finding it difficult to stay comfortable in the seat as his excitement grew. Emily slowly undid the button of JJ’s pants pulling them free to leave her in her white bra and underwear before letting her teeth press gently against her pubic region through the thin fabric.

JJ looked down her body to watch Emily, gripping her own breasts as Emily slid her fingers up the skin of both of her inner thighs. Now kneeling on the floor at the edge of the bed, Emily lapped playfully at the material of JJ’s underwear, letting her tongue almost slap against her as he fingers reached under either side of them.

The teasing was almost more than JJ and Spencer could take, causing them both to breath heavily and want more. Emily granted it for JJ at least, pulling her underwear to the side and slipping her tongue deep into her before sliding it up to pleasure her. JJ moaned lightly, squeezing her breast a little harder as Emily slipped two of her fingers inside her, curling them to stoke at her from the inside. JJ’s back arched up as Emily climbed back up her, letting her fingers and thumb pleasure her as their lips met once more. It was almost as though the taste of herself on Emily’s tongue was driving her on, releasing her own breasts and reaching out to the side toward the nightstand.

Blindly, JJ pulled open the drawer and reached inside, as though this had happened on so many occasions she knew exactly what she was doing. Spencer couldn’t see what had been retrieved but he could see JJ’s other hand undoing the clasp of Emily’s pants before pushing them down and away from her.

Suddenly JJ shifted her weight, rolling Emily onto her back and sitting astride her hand, rolling her hips to keep the feeling going. That’s when Spencer saw the brightly coloured toy in JJ’s hand as