the same without her. The carnival rides whoosh past her. Neon lights blink rapidly and there should be shrieks of laughter and mock scares. But it is oddly quiet. After watching an empty ferris wheel go round and round , Beth says hi a few girls that she thinks were in her class. They were always taller and prettier, but in the humid fall night they look worn out. Both girls seem too thin, too bony, and too ashy. Beth feels her chest constrict as amble past her. There's something wrong with the brown haired one's eye. From where she stands, it looks like it's loose in its socket. They don't make it too far past her when Beth hears the sick crunch of breaking bone. The girl's ankle has turned inward, but she doesn't notice. She limps along, the bones scraping the ground. No one really seems to notice but Beth. She backs away, trying to find a worker to alert. But there really aren't any that don't share the same pallor or woozy look in their eyes.

She mostly runs home.

She rushes in through the door, and her eyes fill with tears.

"Daddy!" She yells for him, before collapsing and sliding down the front door. He appears instantly, still dressed in his work clothes.

"Beth! Are you hurt? Sick? Did one of them bite you?" He's by her in an instant, checking her limbs and tilting her chin up at him.

"We need to get out of here." She's having a hard time getting the words out. They rattle in her mouth, and she shakes. "Everyone's infected."

Her father looks at her sympathetically. He strokes her hair and murmurs "there…there…"

"Daddy! We need to go! We can go find Maggie." She pleads with him, but her father pays no further attention. His hands seem to tremble the tiniest bit.

"Bethy, there's a cure coming. We just need to wait it out. This is the safest place we could be in." He helps pull her to her feet, and smiles at her. For the first time in her life, Beth finds herself questioning her father's sanity. She doesn't say anything. She just wordlessly heads to her room, and collapses onto her bed. She screws her eyes shut, hoping to avoid dreaming. She can't take much more of anyone's face rotting off.

When she turns seventeen, it is with such little fanfare that it hurts her heart. Her momma always made a big deal about birthdays. A home made cake, pretty decorations, presents with giant bows, and a party with all the neighbors. After she passed away, her daddy did a great job trying to keep up the tradition. The cakes were usually a little sloppy, and the décor may not have been birthday themed (she still smiles when she thinks about the time he decorated the kitchen in the Christmas decorations before he and Maggie leapt out to surprise her), but he tried.

But this year, he doesn't do anything. He barely glances in her direction as she makes her way to make some toast. Fall is nearing its end, and the kitchen is slowly warming up with the sun. She waits for the toast to toast, and she hums absently.

"Do you know what day it is today?" Hershel asks quietly.

Beth's heart leaps in her chest.

"It's been almost a year since your sister left."

And just like that, her heart sinks back to her somewhere low in her ribs. It hasn't been a year. Or has it? She can barely remember. All she knows is that it's almost winter, and they are one of the last families in town.

She butters her toast and tries hard not to think about everyone that's gone.

Detective Grimes is still in town, but he's stretched between three counties and he's rarely in their area anymore. She knows his son takes care of his sister, but no one really knows where they are. Both of their nearest neighbors are gone. She's stopped by a few times now to trade with them. She brought meats and cheese and milk and hoped to see if they had some sort of flour or sugars. Neither answered their doors, and when Beth peeked in the windows, she saw their stumbling silhouettes and she knew they'd been infected. The rest of the town is in shambles now. The main store in town is almost always closed. The gas station ran out of gas a few weeks ago, and hasn't reopened since then. The hospital closed its doors, unable to help anyone with rotting skin. She's seen a few people try to pry their doors open, but usually one of their hands snapped off before they could get it open. She's never really ventured far past the main parts of town, and she's not brave enough to steal Daddy'