father destroy the last photo of the only person who loved him.

Simmons gently made all the edges meet each other equally and folded the picture into a small square so he could put it in his wallet. Hopefully, his father wouldn't find it here.

Simmons closed his wallet using the small magnetic clasp to keep it together and threw it into his backpack zipping it up to make sure he wouldn’t lose it or leave it at home.

He glanced at the clock and noticed at least an hour had passed but just being around his house would make him depressed and besides he could use a walk, Simmons walked over to the door and put on his off-brand converses and opening the door with his key that had a Battle Star Galactica keychain on it. And set off on his short walk.

………….

A genuine smirk appeared on his face. 

 He looked up at large sign atop the building that spelled out chorus high school. He walked to the now open doors of the school.

Simmons was glad he decided to set off early because the usually packed school was mostly empty except the wandering teacher and occasional student, he felt somewhat at ease as he entered the long hallway filled with lockers. 

Simmons had one goal of where he wanted to go, he continued down the hallway until he came to a small staircase pushed against the wall so there was still enough space to walk towards most of the other classrooms.

But for all of the teachers that had been there long enough to get their own classrooms were sent up the small staircase to an equally as long but usually much less busy hallway. The boy smiled happily walking down the abandoned space until he reached the last classroom door located on the right side.

Unable to control his excitement the boy knocked thrice on the cheap wooden door. 

He heard a deep grumble from behind the locked door as he saw the handle move downwards and pushed outwards revealing the ex-military soldier frowning until he noticed his favorite student standing in front of his door.

“Ah my best student, Richard Simmons good to see you’re still standing soldier.” 

Simmons smiled “it’s good to see you to sir" he replied cheerfully outreaching his hand to shake the elders. Whom he happily complied. 

Sarge was Simmons favorite teacher, as he taught all aspects of science which made Simmons even happier since science was his favorite lesson. Though due to his old age he was soon going to retire
Which saddened Simmons, fortunately, he did only have this year left and he was lucky enough to convinced sarge to stay one more year.

“well don't just stand their boy come on in" the teacher smiled opening the door for Simmons. 

He smiled walking awkwardly into the science lab.

“how was your summer, sir," Simmons asked putting his backpack on his usual desk at the front of the classroom. 

“the usual son, spent it inside marking papers while watching terrible movies and teaching the maggots that can’t pay attention in class every Thursday” the older man chuckled.

Simmons always felt incredibly happy when Sarge called him son. He had always looked up to the man ever since he had started at the high school.

Tough the first time they met Simmons would be lying if he didn’t find the man the littlest bit intimidating. He shouted, screamed and occasionally pulled interrupting students ears. But regardless, he was the only teacher that showed any regards to Simmons…. Well, actually the only person in the entire school!

His thoughts went back to his first time in this school. Previously sarge had also taught PE and sometimes still does but is getting too old to continue.

Simmons was scared. Very scared. Joining a new school after moving from a comfortable little town by the name of Blood Gulch, but suddenly here he was in a huge school on the outskirts of a huge city.

Chorus high school the only none private school within a 50-mile radius.

Simmons looked down at the piece of paper in his hands “sports hall?” he asked himself, looking around for any indication of where he was supposed to go.

Looked left and right of the now empty hallways “why the hell don’t schools have signs” he whispered to himself, as anxiety filled his chest with the thought of being late on his first day.

Eventually, he reached a door that led to the track field. As he looked out he could see all of the male students on one side of the field and the female on the other side, they both looked like they were warming up. So he wasn’t as late as he thought.

Simmons rushed over to the boys on the field hoping that he could reason with his teacher about his tardiness.

“Aren’t you on the wrong side of the field buddy” laughed a boy with an ugly eyebrow piercing and orange dip-dyed hair.

“Quit your yapping soldier” the graying man with a southern accent called out giving a glare towards the boy who had just insulted Simmons.

The man then turned to Simmons with a small smile plastered on his face. “You must be Richard Simmons, it's a pleasure to