. He rubbed his chin and sniffed Stiles all over which confused him.

“He’s scenting you”, Peter said. “You two haven’t been around each other in quite a bit since Scott joined me”.

“You mean you kidnapped him!” Stiles shot back. Peter only smiled. “After a bit of persuasion, Scott came to me of his own free will.” And just like everything Peter says, Stiles knows he’s leaving out some details. Important ones.
“I’ve missed you buddy”, Scott said with his signature puppy smile. “Don’t be mad at Peter Stiles. He’s our alpha. He loves us.”

“He’s not our alpha Scott! And you’re a true alpha. You should outrank him”. Stiles was starting to freak more by this unnatural behavior from his best friend.

“Actually I’m not anymore. Alpha Peter relieved me of that burden. I hated being an alpha. Too much responsible to care for people and afraid to fail them. I wasn’t strong enough.”

“Yes you were Scott!” Stiles said with tears forming.

“No Stiles I wasn’t. I couldn’t protect the people I loved. Peter…Peter has taken a huge load off my shoulders. Now I’m his faithful omega. All I have to worry about is kids” he said with a laugh. At that Stiles eyes widened. 

“What do you-” Stiles started before he was cut off by Peter.

“Ok Scott. Why don’t you go check on dinner while Stiles and I are… better acquainted. It’s about time we’ve properly bonded. It is a full moon tonight after all.” Scott practically beamed and this and nodded. Peter placed a kiss on the boy’s forehead before he disappeared upstairs leaving Stiles with Peter, alone.

“What have you done to Scott!?” Stiles yelled fists clenched. 

“Nothing he didn’t want. I only brought out his true desires. Just as I will for you”, he said smirking. Peter removed his shirt then showing off impressive six pack and toned upper body. Stiles went white and backed up putting distance between them. 

“He didn’t want it. And neither do I. So stay the hell away from me!” he said subtly looking around for some kind of escape. He saw the room he was just in and made a run for it. Peter caught him by the arm and threw him on the couch.

"Granted I'd rather have properly done this from the bed but you seem so eager" Peter said with a hint of annoyance. Stiles fought him with all he could but it just wasn't enough to overpower an alpha werewolf.

“Scott did the same thing once he realized he wasn’t as strong as he thought. Soon he was begging for it. Just as you will.” Peter said wolfing out. His face taking on its lupine form as he stalked towards Stiles. His grabbed his wrists and pinned them above his head with one arm and with the other slashes Stiles’ shirt. 

Stiles struggles under his hold but the man was too strong for him. Peter licked a stripe across Stiles’ chest making him involuntarily flinch in fear. Peter began deliberately using his alpha pheromones to seduce Stiles’ body. The scent wafting off the older man was strong. To a werewolf, it was already like a valium effect used to calm aggressive wolves. It can also be used to seduce other wolves. But to a human, it was like ecstasy. Stiles was soon horrified to discover than he had begun to get hard under the unwanted attention. Peter smiles at this and continued his onslaught of sexual conquest. 

Stiles was rock hard once Peter removed his pants and was just beginning to pull down his underwear revealing his hard, throbbing cock. It was impressive in length around seven inches.  “I’ve always known you were more than meets the eye Stilinski” Peter said. At this point Stiles was compliant enough not to be restrained. It was almost like a drug induced state. Stiles was writhing seeking the friction of Peter’s rough tongue again. Peter stood briefly to remove his own pants and underwear. Stiles stared in blissful awe at the alpha’s mighty ten inch cock dripping in precum. Peter noticed this and beckoned the boy over with a crook of his finger. Stiles lazily got up off the couch and crawled over to Peter.

“That’s right boy. Why don’t you have a taste?” Peter said. Stiles nodded. He took the cock in his hands and began jerking it a little. Stiles is no stranger to sex. From the porn he’s watched both straight and gay, to the couple of drunken hookups from Jungle, he’s pretty experienced. He began licking the cock from shaft to base before going down on it. He was only able to get a couple of inches in without gagging. Peter took little time to start thrusting into his mouth in a steady flow which Stiles matched. He bobbed his head and wrapped his tongue all around