.

So after a while, hanging with the guys was fun, but they still acted like I wasn't one of them and I still felt like I didn't belong. Until one day, Niall Horan said a particularly disgusting joke, before shooting me a glance- the boys all chuckled along, obviously trying to hold their laughter back in front of me. I was sick of them walking around me on egg shells, so I opened my mouth and before I could control myself I had added onto Niall's joke, making it even dirtier and worse then before.

A shocked but roaring laugh escaped from all the boys, and as Niall clapped me on the back he was smiling so hard I could almost see his molars. But that didn't stop him from telling me, much to my annoyance;

"That was a good one- told you you're just like one of us!"

--

The first guy I liked, I liked a lot. It was the first crush I had ever had, and I wasn't sure if it would be reciprocated. Boys usually went for girls who wore pretty dresses, or wore makeup and had painted, pink lips-- I usually wore sweat pants or jersey's- dresses and skirts felt uncomfortable and raw on my skin. So when I caught sight of Zayn Malik while I passed the football around out on the quad at university, I almost dropped the ball. It was so shocking to feel that jolt in my stomach, and I couldn't tear my eyes away from him. I didn't want to get my hopes up though because I thought he'd never notice me, not in a million years, not with all these other girls around who looked beautiful and like little porcelain dolls all the time.

Zayn was the first, last and only guy I ever liked from then on. He smiled so brightly and always put me in a headlock that I could easily get out of. He was just easy to talk to, and he understood me when I talked about how I didn't like the stereotypes about girls. Not all of us are meant to play with Barbie’s, wear frilly dresses and like the colour pink. The fact that we should be like that is imprinted onto our brain at a young age from the fairy tales we read. Why doesn't the princess ever save the prince?

And then I asked him out. Just like that. I was barely nervous, just running on adrenaline. Zayn blinked and had slowly smiled at me, his dimples showing as he shook his head,

"The guys always said you counted as one of us, one of the guys. But for once I’m glad you're not"

--

Falling in love is something I never saw myself doing, but then I was in my final year at university and had acquired my accounting degree and all I could see was Zayn and the future. I felt disappointed in myself slightly, because I had always vowed to never be one of those girls like off those movies, or my primary school friend Renee, that just obsesses over her boyfriend. It's as if, as soon as most girls get a boyfriend, they drop everything else that mattered to them. 

I still did everything that mattered to me- I played football with the boys, joined a soccer team, got my degree, saw my parents. But then Zayn was added into the equation as well. So when I ran up to the podium, the boys all cheering loudly, on Graduation day-- I saw all my achievements, but I also saw Zayn. I shook hands with the dean, got my certificate and then walked over to the microphone and blurted out,

"Zayn will you marry me?" 

The cheering got even louder, and they boy's all started jumping on Zayn who was laughing, red in the face and smiling broadly, showing off his white teeth. I could hear some of the girl's cooing, and some laughter as some people murmured that I was a girl and I was proposing to my boyfriend instead of vice versa. 

But the truth was, I didn't care about the proposal, or who said it. I just wanted it to happen, and in that moment it felt so incredibly right.

I laughed as I walked off stage, feeling giddy and yanking off my graduation cap. Zayn was attempting to make his way over to me, but one of the boy's still clung to him, yelling in his ear in excitement.

"Your girlfriend just proposed you pansy! She wears the pants in your relationship!"

--

"Happy anniversary" Zayn had smiled, his fingers looped through my own. 

Belluci's was overly fancy, but it had felt right in the heat of the moment. Especially seeing as it had been three years together, one since getting married. 

Everything felt complete. There's always that one moment in your life where you feel perfectly happy. Where everything fits in place and is right where it should be. 

Sadly, those moments never last. Reality will come and kick you