here soon, love.” she said sympathetically, and stroked the top of Pharah’s hand that she held gently with her thumb. Pharah smiled with a sense of amused exasperation, and Mercy kissed her cheek.

“Angela, are we early…?” Pharah asked tentatively, checking her watch as a group of people went by. Mercy looked over Pharah’s wrist, checking the time herself, and let out a sigh as she rubbed her brow.

“No, no, we’re on time…” Mercy began, and sighed. “Oh, Tracer…when will that girl learn she can’t just zip through time to make her appointments?”

“Well…” Pharah began with a smirk, and slipped an arm around Mercy’s waist, pulling her in close; and Mercy chuckled, having recognized that sly grin from her wife. “I mean, if they don’t show up…I’m sure I can think of other things we can -”

“Bloody hell, Amélie! Hurry up, would ya?! I bet they’ve been waiting ages!”

“Tch! You tell me like you did not spend hours looking for those aviators while I was in the bathroom, cherie! Who needs sunglasses at night?!”

“Aw, rubbish!”

Pharah and Mercy paused in their embrace momentarily, hearing the makings of a lover’s tiff and the laughter of a familiar English woman, and someone especially French.

“…We’re about to be interrupted, aren’t we? Is this because the cosmos heard me implying I would rather sleep with you than be here?”

Mercy laughed, and kissed Pharah’s chin, who in turn laughed with exasperation again.

“Oh!” began Tracer, whose eyes had honed in on the couple before her beneath the street lights. “Amélie, look! Hiya, loves!”

Amélie nervously stiffened upon the sight of Mercy and Pharah, and awkwardly raised a hand.

“…Bonjour.”

“It’s so good to see you both!” Mercy beamed, with Tracer and Mercy falling into a tight hug; Tracer laughing as though she hadn’t seen Mercy since forever, when in reality it had just been yesterday; and leaving Pharah and Amélie to be awkwardly stood.

Pharah slipped her hands into her blazer’s pockets, whilst Amélie crossed her arms in a non-aggressive position.

“Uh…hello, Amélie. You look pretty tonight.”

Taken aback by Pharah’s unintentional, awkward charm, Amélie’s gaze softened around an unfamiliar woman; smiling at her and unfolding her arms slightly.

“Merci. As do you. I don’t believe we have ever had the opportunity to sit down and chat, have we?”

Pharah smiled, feeling a little happier that she showed up to this double date already, and nodded in agreement.

“We have not. Perhaps it’d be a good time to get to know each other…as…”

The two women turned their heads slowly to their partners at their left, squealing in delight as Tracer showed off her engagement ring, and Amélie felt her eyes flicker shut in embarrassment.

“…Yes. I understand what you are saying.” she mumbled, and felt her cheeks get hot. Pharah ran a hand through her hair, exhaling with anticipation of the night ahead, and watching Mercy’s golden smile beaming at the friend before her.

“But she’s so…” Pharah mumbled, a little louder than she had meant to, and Amélie laughed.

“Even without the end of that sentence,” she spoke softly, “I feel the same about Lena…so let us try and enjoy tonight as best as we can.”

Pharah blinked, surprised that she had let out such a loud whisper in the bustling streets, and smiled at the French woman before her.

“You’re right. I’m sure it’ll be a great night.”

The two women besides Pharah and Amélie had stopped their jubilation, Tracer wiping at her eyes from getting a little emotional with happiness, and Mercy squeezed her shoulder, turning with a bright, beaming smile to her lover and Amélie.

“Shall we make our way to the restaurant?” Mercy asked, her eyes softening a little as she met with Pharah’s happy gaze. Amélie pulled Tracer into a standing embrace, kissing her forehead, and Tracer chuckled with her unexpected emotion.

“Yeah,” Pharah stated, slipping her hand into Mercy’s tightly. “Let’s do that.”

 

The walk to the restaurant was a surprisingly relaxing experience.

Pharah had been apprehensive of this part in particular, and was relieved to find that the apprehension was baseless. Of course it was, she thought, almost chiding herself for even remotely being worried; Tracer was one of the most friendly, warm people she had ever met, and Amélie had done nothing to warrant Pharah’s apprehension. Hell, if anything, Amélie was the one who had been through the most lately, and Pharah thought about how glad she was that Tracer had been such a good partner for her.

The couples walked, hand in hand and with a squeeze of a palm, down the boulevard