silence did not bode well. Finally, he responded very slowly and deliberately, “I can only think of one reasonably reliable way to preclude the occurrence of any such future mishaps.”

“You don’t mean…?”

Athena did not have to say it out loud for Simon to realize that they were on the same page. “Just so. Some find that physical exertion also helps, but I personally have never found this particular…problem to be responsive to exercise.”

Athena buried her face in her hands, willing the ground to swallow her whole right this very moment.

When he continued to speak, she got the impression that he just might feel similarly. “That is all the information I can give you. I won’t ask or offer unsolicited advice regarding this situation from this point on. How you proceed is up to you.”

“I understand,” was all that she could reply, hoping beyond hope that this particular topic had not finally managed to once more drive a wedge between them, even if Simon had just indicated in so many words that he gave her leave to do whatever she saw fit.

His transition to other topics sounded a little forced. “Is there anything else I should be aware of?”

Athena nevertheless gratefully latched on to the feeling of renewed safety her more mundane activities provided. “I have a case to prosecute tomorrow, and I found out what was behind Prosecutor Gavin’s attempts to talk to you…”

Solo here - explicit!

They talked for about twenty more minutes about their day, but neither of them could help noticing that their conversation felt as though they were deliberately making small talk in order to avoid the new elephant in the room.

When Simon finally wished her a good night and ended the call, Athena did her best to suppress a fresh instance of panic.

Here I am again, alone with this problem… From the way he had spoken of the issue at hand, she knew she had the choice of continuing the cold shower regime and praying that she did not experience an erection in a setting where no such deterrent was available, or of pleasuring herself in a body that was not only not her own, but was fundamentally different where it mattered for this particular purpose.

Either way, I will end up embarrassing him. She was aware that his suggestion was probably the more pragmatic way to handle things, but was almost tempted to rather brave the prosecutor’s office with the chance of suffering a hard-on at the wrong time than to find that he could not look her in the eye anymore the next time they met.

What would Simon do, if he was in the body of a male friend and forced to masturbate in order to not embarrass that friend in public? Athena realized the moment she had followed that thought to its end that it had no bearing on their specific situation. If Simon was in another man’s body, he would likely be able to employ the same coping mechanisms he did in his own without much of a second thought, while Athena had never needed to hide accidental arousal due to her body not providing visible cues, and thus had no idea what they were. He’s had time since puberty to learn how to keep his genitals in check, so he probably doesn’t even consciously realize how he does it beyond the obvious things he mentioned. This is about as unfair as my hearing is on him, only that he just has to deal with a headache if it becomes too much.

She began getting angry at herself for continuing to be caught up in her preoccupation with the topic. What am I so worked up about, anyway? It’s just sex, and not even with another person. And yet, was that second bit true, seeing that her current body was that of another? Granted, he had all but given her his consent, so at least she was not violating his trust, but still…

It’s just a bodily function. Like going to the bathroom – or like Simon having to shove a finger up my body to get that tampon where it needed to go. You take care of it, and then it’s over, until you need to do it again. Intellectually, she knew of course that the situation was not exactly the same, but firmly held on to her thought, lest she lose her nerve again.

A look at how the dress pants she was still wearing were once again beginning to tent traitorously, in spite of the anything but arousing way she had thought about the matter, drove home the fact that she had to do something about this problem – and that she ultimately did not have much of a choice.


I’m sorry, Simon. I guess the time has finally come to take more than a quick look.


Athena got up from the couch and went into the bedroom, her burgeoning erection causing her walk to be somewhat uncoordinated. If I’m gonna do this, I should at least be resting comfortably.

Sitting down on the bed, she began to undress, automatically folding the clothes in order to keep the outer layers presentable for the following day, and decided to