officer said, trying to break the depressing silence that had consumed the atmosphere.

“Officer Sullivan,” Said a man, bursting into the room, panting. Max recognized him as the man he saw a little earlier in the hallway. His dark brown hair was draping over his face in a messy manner. His eyes were a soft hazel. Max observed him. The man looked familiar, like he’d seen him before from  somewhere , but something was off about him. Like when you see a friend you’ve known for so long with a new haircut. The man they were talking to, Officer Sullivan, spun around to face the man.

“What is it,” Sullivan asked flatly.

“I was wondering if I could speak to our  special guest really quickly?” He said, smiling at Max. Max shrunk bad slightly. His smile was unsettling.

Sullivan huffed and glanced at Max and reluctantly nodded his head at the mystery man. “Fine, but not for too long.”

The mans smile turned into a wide, menacing grin, “Yes, of course, it won't take too long.”

Max frowned, his gaze switching between the two, “I-um… Can I know his name?”

“Oh, of course! You need to feel safe! My name is Damien,“ The man said, putting his hand on his chest and bowing slightly. Max nodded slowly and skeptically. A feeling of deja vu overwhelmed his system. He hesitantly walked towards him.

Damien placed his hand on Max’s back, leading him out of the room. He led Max through multiple different hallways before opening a door and motioning for him to enter. Once Max walked through the doorway he was greeted with a neat and bland looking office. Multiple different shades of grey were scattered around the room. The floor was the same dark grey carpet as the rest of the building. There was a desk in the corner, it was a wooden, light grey desk with red solo party cups scattered on the smooth surface and topped with a fancy looking computer. There were a few light grey- almost white- shelves on the walls covered with photos with white frames and a few more red solo party cups.

Damien entered and gently closed the door behind him, walking over to the chair; the only thing that wasn’t some form of grey. It was a simple black office chair. He sat down and rolled over so he was in front of Max. “I’m very sorry to hear about what happened to your  dear father  today,” He said, a vague grin on his face. Does this guy  ever stop smiling?

“Yeah, me too,” Max muttered, looking away.

“It seems to me that you’re quite comfortable with that woman in there,” Damien said cautiously.

“Yeah, she went to the same camp as me and David. What’s your point?”

“I think she might be adopting you sometime soon.”

“I’m pretty sure if she wanted to become my guardian, she would’ve volunteered by now,” Max said, rolling his eyes.

Damien rested his elbows on his legs and rested his chin on his palms, and innocent look on his face. “I’m sure that’s not true. She just needs time.”

“Yeah, whatever. Is this what you took me in here to talk about? Cause, I’m pretty sure we could’ve had this same conversation in the hallway.” Max said, aggravated.

Damien grinned and chuckled lightly. “Oh! Right, of course, the  hallway.”  His grin vaguely started to look more like a grimace. Max stepped away, but Damien moved closer, so it did him no good. “  Yes  , I  could’ve  spoken to you in the hallway, but I feel it’s more secure in here. More safe. More  pure .”

“ Pure? ” Max questioned, tilting his head.

“Pure?” Damien repeated.

“You said it was ‘more pure’” Max stated, making air quotes.

“I don't recall,” Damien responded, trailing off slightly.

“What do you mean ‘you don't recall’? You clearly said it.”

“Your ears must be playing tricks on you,” Damien said, his smile plastered across his face. “I’ve never said pure  once in this conversation.”

“You’re a liar-“ Max said, being cut off by Damien shushing him and abruptly standing up.

“Well,  Max, I’m afraid we’ve run out of time,” He said, spinning Max around to face the door, opening it, and urging him out. “You have to leave.”

“I don't know how to get back!” Max yelped.

“Down the hall, to the left, first right, yada yada, stuff like that,” Damien said lightly pushing him out of the room. Max turned to him and looked him in the eyes. He got a subtle glimpse of a third colour within them. He didn’t have time to be able to say something