.”

         Michael seemed satisfied with this answer and there wasn't anything left to say on the matter. He quickly returned to work allowing Castiel to watch him as he looked through different reports and documents. He looked very tired and he could see the dark circles under his eyes. Michael cared a lot about this company and Crowley did take notice of it. If only the board of directors would. Most people assumed Michael would just get the job given his position but he could only get it if the board approved. He heard that none of them really thought Michael deserved a promotion. They were planning another candidate to fill in the position leaving Michael the Vice CEO under him. The rumors were louder than ever and Castiel heard some harsh words from some members of the board. He wasn't looking for it but he had heard them call Michael low class and a poor man trying to be rich. Castiel didn't understand. Their father was a best selling writer; they were always rich.

         “Doesn't it bother you?” Castiel asked before leaving the office. Michael looked up with a questioning look. “What they say?”

        “I know the truth and you do too.” His brother was trying to be strong but Castiel could see it affected him. But no matter what, Michael forced a smile and reassured him that everything was alright even when it wasn't. “That's all that matters. If I get it or not isn't my concern and what they think of me?” Pausing, Michael looked down at his desk as if it would give him all the answers he needed. Castiel felt his heart ache for his brother. He remembered someone telling him if a job didn't make you happy why go for it? In fact, that was Dean. Dean told him that. Even after all these years, he still thought back to him and his words. He was right, though. If this job made Michael suffer, why should he have to endure it any longer? But he kept his mouth shut and Michael soon spoke again. “I just need to work hard and show them what I'm capable of.”

        Michael wasn't the type to abandon what he had started. He would most likely continue down this path and disregard the loneliness or pain he may feel. He was the eldest of all Castiel's siblings and he had no one by his side. Even Naomi spoke of a boyfriend last spring, which was a happy surprise for their mother. Everyone thought she scared every man away with her controlling and high maintenance personality. Apparently, she had someone and they were speaking about getting married. Most of his siblings joked about it all being a lie but Castiel heard she may be bringing him to the next family dinner whenever that was.

        “Tomorrow night.” Michael spoke up before he could exit through the door.“Mother wants us to have a family dinner. Naomi's lover will be there. You will be attending, no?”

         “I'll be there.” He was going back to Lawrence. It wouldn't be the first time and he had long forgotten his fears there. He was no longer afraid of bumping into Dean. He had come to terms with the fact that Dean would always be a sad memory. It wasn't as painful as before, he could easily push the depressing thoughts from his mind, but the sadness was always there. He supposed when wounds healed there would always be scars. But he didn't need to fear anything. He never saw Dean when he came so why would this time be any different?

         He just never anticipated the string of bad luck that would follow him that next day.

        Some times, no matter how hard we try, we can't escape meeting again. But who we are now may not be the same as who we were then. Things have changed and years have made us older. What stays the same are the memories we always cherished. Sometimes, we can't go back to the way we use to be but that isn't always a bad thing. We need to move forward and find new beginnings. What may have been thought as painful memories might end up being the beginning of newer cherished ones.

        And what may have been bad luck might end up being the beginning of a great fortune.

 

Song Recommendations: Never Ever- All Saints (1997)

        It started that morning when he forgot his umbrella. The news didn't say there would be much rain and the clouds hadn't looked that ominous in the morning. However, the moment he got out his door to go to work, it was pouring. He got in a traffic jam shortly after with minutes to get to work. He was two minutes late. Two minutes might not seem like much but Castiel had to go above and beyond to prove himself in his job. He had to because of the favoritism rumors. He had to show he was capable and was only hired because of his merit and not blood relations. His favorite pen ran out of ink when he was signing some documents