’t it wait til like, when I don’t feel like shit?”

“I suppose it could wait, but I am sure the other blade members would prefer to have this knowledge as soon as possible”

Keith sighs loudly “What do you wanna know now? And this is your last question!”

Thace grins eagerly and claps his hands together. “Very well. Anyways, I’m curious about how you’ll carry The Blade’s lineage”

Keith cocks his head, not quite understanding what Thace was pitching. He could best compare it to be one of those moments. Every once and awhile a word or two of his would slip into galra native tongue, like a child learning a new language. Or Lance when he was flirting (and it soared over Keith’s head) and switched to Spanglish. 

“How you say...pass down our bloodline?”

“Y-you mean kids?”

He nods.

 

Keith could feel the heat radiating from his face “I uh, hadn’t really thought about that?” his cheeks painted peach, the thoughts of the his unrequited love which he had tried to efface from his head came crashing back down.

He remembered how he loved his smile, how he loved laugh, how he loved his voice and how he loved the companionship he brought.

Takashi Shirogane. The black paladin, the leader, the hero, the underdog.

He had brought Keith so much joy and memories  and comfort since becoming a paladin of Voltron. Sure all the others had done the same, but there was more significance when it came from him. That’s how he became enraptured by him. 

Keith didn’t want to be reminded about it.

“Is your quarry finding a proper mate?” Thace asked in earnest with a curious tone.

Keith shook his head quickly “No! I mean…” he could feel himself choking on his words,  “it’s not like I haven’t tried…”

Thace’s ears perked upward, his eyes widened, “Kit, you’ve already found a partner then?” he didn’t try to cover his excitement. His child had already found a suitable mate? Normally galra took until adulthood to start considering options but here was his son who started early!

Keith looked over his shoulder for any company before turning back and whispering “Can we talk inside please?”

He puts his hand up to the palm recognition system to the right of his door and it slides open. 

Keith stares at him before he motioned for the alien to go , “Are you going or what?t” he says firmly, almost like a child, Thace takes note of it. They enter the room “Thank you”, he says as he walks in. Keith clicks his tongue and rolls his eyes as he walks to his bed and sits on the edge.

Thace looks around the small and barren room. It didn’t take him long to bask in the emptiness. Even comparing it to that of a galra’s chamber, Keith’s room was beyond under decorative, and he was hoping to get a better idea of Keith’s personality from his bedroom.

 

Time seemed to have stilled as an awkward silence fell between them. Keith worn a pained face, but also regret. He looked so confused and Thace didn’t like it. He understands why the teen might react this way and he knew making amends would take more than a game of 20 questions, but everyone must start somewhere. “Well now that I have your attention…”breaking the tension, smirking “You shall inform me of your status on a kit of your own?”

Keith ran a hand through his locks, fingers caught in some knots left unracked, “How do I know I can trust you?”. Their eyes aren’t met but both could tell it would be better that way. Thace stepped forward, kneeling down, “Your trust is something I must earn, kit” he says pulling Keith’s hand from his hair “When I have earned it is your decision” he placed his own hand on the paladins head and gently combed out the knots with his claws.“Thace…” his voice became raspy and dry. He hiccuped.Please don’t let it be what he thinks…Keith looks up with watery eyes “Where the fuck do I start?”

Sorry, this took so long! Anyways, we find out just what had upset poor Keith!

Please forgive any mistakes! Leave comments for suggestions please & thank you.Please forgive the shortness, I take long breaks between writing which lack flow.

Thace was swift to wrap his arms around his kit, fingers again laced into his hair. Keith’s face was nuzzled comfortably in groomed neck fur, his stilled sobs and hiccups were muted while Thace stroked his head to settle him, “Shush now, I apologize”. Neither could tell how long they had stayed like this because the cries became louder, Keith’s nose continued to ooze, and Thace faithfully let him use his shirt as a tissue. There were few instances where Keith tried to speak, where he tried to pry himself away from