A promising sign, Beleth mused, pleased at both the unconscious compliance and the firm grip that sleep still held over the human.  This was always far easier without the victim’s conscious mind screaming objections.  Shifting a little, he began kissing down the corded neck, finding the most sensitive spots and worrying at them with his currently blunt teeth as his hands caressed teasingly down the muscular chest.

            The human was stirring now, not yet awake but no longer in the depths of sleep.  Beleth smiled, moving to trail his kisses down the lean torso, licking almost playfully at the dent of the navel.  Soft fingernails flexed into razor-sharp claws just long enough to make scraps out of the sleeping pants the human was wearing, reverting back to allow the demon to caress the strong legs without fear of damaging his pet.

            Brown eyes fluttered open vaguely, only to close again as Beleth wrapped a hand around his arousal, skillfully manipulating the hard flesh.  Moaning softly, he allowed the demon’s other hand to press at his shoulder, rolling him onto his stomach. 

            Beleth was a little surprised, though pleased, to find the human’s back unusually sensitive, a series of pressure points running along the spine which made the human arch and shiver and cry out softly when he bit at them.  He might have felt this was almost too easy, he considered as he pressed one long finger inside the man, drawing a whimper and a tensing of muscles but no other protest.  But acquiescence was a rare thing in his world, and anything out of the ordinary was welcome in an immortal life.

            Smirking, he crooked his finger, ending any thought of objection the human may have entertained.  His pet really did make the prettiest sounds, he considered, listening to the cries of pleasure as he ruthlessly manipulated the sensitive area.  When he’d finished claiming him, he’d enjoy this often.

            Judging the man to be sufficiently lost in pleasure, he withdrew his hand and pressed against the trembling body, teasing at the entrance with the tip of his own aching flesh.  “You want this?” he purred, breathing the words into the shell of his ear.  The human nodded, a soft, pleading sound escaping the back of his throat.  “Let me in,” he murmured, and received a shuddering whimper in response.  “Open to me, surrender yourself to me, let me take you.”

            With a submissive moan, the human yielded to him, body and soul.

            The demon hissed in pleasure, his arousal sinking into hot, willing flesh even as his essence invaded the man’s soul, claiming it for his own.  The moment of surrender was a thrill he never tired of, triumph and gratification a heady combination.  It was invariably followed by a futile struggle on the victim’s part as they realized just what their moment of weakness had allowed, but by then it was far too late.

            Only this one wasn’t trying to fight the possession.  Beleth frowned at the strangely accepting human, winding more tightly about the fragile soul, thrusting harder into the body beneath him.  The roughness met with no resistance, the human even seeming to enjoy the act of possession, body shuddering and arching against him, soul writhing in unabated pleasure as he pleaded for more.

            Ice-blue eyes closed as the demon’s hips unconsciously responded to the soft begging, already moving to fulfill the pleas for more, harder, faster.  It was a matter of course for his victims to beg, but only for him to stop, to let them go.  He could not recall any soul ever accepting his possession, nor voice ever begging for him, and it was curiously arousing.  Though he took his pleasure from human pets often enough, he had never truly wanted, and he was realizing, belatedly, what a ruthless master desire could be.

            Growling, he took his irritation out on the body beneath him, sinking sharp teeth into the strong muscles and gripping the firm flesh cruelly tight.  Even now, the human didn’t object, accepting the abuse with only a little shudder, and Beleth decided that he could puzzle out the human’s compliance after he’d finished sating himself.

*****

            When the human opened his eyes some time afterward, they were no longer a soft, warm brown, but the same frigid, pale blue as the demon’s.  Satisfied, Beleth smiled at him.  “You are my creature now,” he purred, allowing the truth of his words sink in, and he waited for the lesser being to panic, to struggle, to despair, to break down into hopeless tears or virulent curses of his name.

            Except he did not.

            Incredibly, the man smiled back at him - at him, the Prince of Nightmares! - and brought the demon’s hand to his mouth to lay a gentle kiss on the back.  “Yes, my lord,” he murmured, and in his eyes was a look that Beleth had never in all his millennia seen directed at him.  Love.  Loyalty.  Trust.

            He must be mad, the being thought, dumbfounded.  No human could possibly be