crashed his pod headfirst into a small asteroid. unbelievable. and now, he’s certainly not in his pod. moments pass while kuroo tries to move his tired limbs to no avail. oh god, he thinks. i’ve been captured by kitagawans and they’re gonna harvest my organs, he thinks. he panics.

“oho! you’re awake! thought you’d never wake up! actually, i knew you’d wake up... it’s just a figure of speech... it’d be sad if you never woke up... oh no... i’ve already messed up-”

kuroo interrupts the silver haired man’s tirade in favour of croaking for water. in some obscure recess of his mind, kuroo muses that the guy’s roots are worse than kenma’s. clearly he doesn’t dye his hair often enough.

“water?” the other man says, suddenly sobered out of his ramblings. “of course! no problem! wakatoshi, bring a glass of water, please!”

“OF COURSE, INCREDIBLE INTERSTELLAR CAPTAIN BOKUTO. YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND.” a tinny voice replies.

wait.
bokuto?
as in, bounty bokuto?
oho, kuroo thinks. he thinks he might have just struck gold, and not just the gold of the other man- bokuto’s?- eyes.

he’s propped up into a sitting position by bokuto as he helps him drink the water. already, his throat feels days, weeks, months, YEARS better from the smallest sip.

“thanks, man.” he says, gruffly.

“no problem! we patched you up good! you came in a wreck, but thanks to my undoubtedly good skills, you’re as good as new!”

kuroo nods slowly, still in disbelief. this is The Bokuto, worth 25 million lux. talking to him.

“oh, i’m bokuto by the way. captain bokuto kotaro of the spaceship H.O.O.T! i’m sure you’ve heard of me and my cool alien hunting crew! we are the coolest, bro.”
suppressing the urge to say ‘i know’, kuroo offers his name, but not the name of his ship or his profession.

“are you travelling alone, kuroo? you could stay with us for a while if you want to. even though you’re fine, you do need rest!” bokuto chirps and kuroo thinks that the excitement radiating from this man is tangible. he could cut it with a knife.

kuroo knows he shouldn’t stay.

he knows he should just take bokuto and hightail it out of there.

there are two fundamental issues, however:
firstly, he has no ship to escape on, and secondly, CLAW and his crew are 10 light years away.

“alright. i’ll stay for a while.”

bokuto perks up even more than usual.
“oho! that’s like- GWAH! it’s like- OHO!”

kuroo pretends he understands.

——————

“H.O.O.T is a little small if i must be perfectly honest, kuroo; you’ll probably have to share a room with one of us. i mean, ushijima ‘sleeps’ in the supplies closet.” akaashi is currently giving kuroo a guided tour of the ship, at bokuto’s behest. kuroo doesn’t think H.O.O.T can be considered a small ship, it’s a behemoth compared to CLAW.
actually, kuroo realises, CLAW is just a small ship made smaller by the fact that five people live on board.
“anyways,” he says.
“what?” akaashi turns.
“nothing,” he replies, trailing off.

bokuto appears (seemingly) out of nowhere, calling kuroo’s name excitedly.

“you! are rooming! with me!” he chants, circling around kuroo and akaashi like a madman. akaashi sighs.

and so, kuroo ends up sleeping top-tail with bokuto, his feet pushing at kuroo’s face mid-sleep.

“bro, your feet stink. i’m going to sleep on the floor-“

“oho? you can’t take it? do you even lift?” bokuto teases, and kuroo shouldn’t be feeling as competitive as he is over stinky feet right now.

“it’s on bro. it’s on.” he mutters, laying back down and all but hugging bokuto’s legs. “i can keep this up all night, bro.”
kuroo hears bokuto’s loud, rumbling laugh for the first time. he feels like he wants to hear it on a loop.
he starts to forget why he came here in the first place.

——————

ennoshita paces, worried frown having become a fixture on his face.
“iwaizumi, do you think he’s okay? i can’t help but think i should have gone with him.”

iwaizumi looks up from the book he’s reading, eyeing ennoshita with mild concern.

“don’t worry about it, chikara,” he reassures. “anyways, who would cook all the food if you