his tweets?

“I feel like you forget you used to be a part of One Direction,” Liam speaks thoughtfully with a small smile at hand. “You’ve still got a hefty amount of followers, y’know. Including meself.”

“I do not.”  Zayn retaliates, because, he doesn’t. He really doesn’t. It’s just. Liam’s-- Liam is something else, okay? He’s. There are no words Zayn can conjure to describe him. But, Liam’s--Liam. He’s special, he’s wonderful, he’s talented and driven and has amazing work ethic and he’s so mature, has been for a long time now, and Liam’s really just loving life and. The most important thing of all that? He’s everything Zayn imagined Liam would be with these big dreams of his. And Zayn’s so fucking proud, he’s been so fucking proud despite the bitterness he undergoes from time to time, but not because Liam’s made it on his own-- no, never that. 

More so because, well, Liam never really needed them, did he? Never needed Zayn, never needed-- 

“So do I get it back now?” Liam questions, a cheeky grin oblivious to the inner turmoil Zayn is facing. 

Zayn makes an offended expression before snatching the toy from Liam’s hold after a snort. “Hell no.” 

His mind can’t stop turning and he’s wondering why Liam isn’t, like, questioning him or, oh,  not being angry at him as he should?

“This is what people call abduction, you know,” Liam reasons, voice nothing but teasing and warm. 

Warmth. Nurturing. Bright. 

Liam literally being a piece of the sun is the only explanation, Zayn decides. 

“You gave it to me," Zayn exclaims with a finger pointing at his own chest. Liam’s mouth is left agape as he exhales a dramatic breath before whatever he’s preparing to protest is over voiced by Zayn. "How’s touring been?” Zayn lets out abruptly, saying fuck it in his mind only to immediately wish to take it and stuff it back into his mind.

Liam’s grin falters for a moment before it comes back to life, a shrug at his shoulders. “Ace, mate. I’ve had a sick time.”

And Zayn can’t help it when he slowly lets his head fall, a very subtle nod coming because. Yeah. Never needed Zayn, did he?

“I mean, don’t get me wrong. It’s been a dream on top of a dream. But,” Liam stops. One second, two seconds, three seconds, Zayn’s head goes up out of pure curiosity. He raises an eyebrow at a very attentive Payne before he’s licking his chapped lips and Zayn has to look away for a second.

“I’ve missed the lot. You. It’s a lot different not having you guys on stage with me and all,” Liam admits and the small wanton side of Zayn is saying Good, I’m glad. But Zayn knows he really wouldn’t mean that. He’d give Liam the world if Liam hadn’t already taken the majority of it on his own. Y’know, technicalities. 

It takes Zayn a moment to realize that Liam’s lips have stopped moving and-- where did the sound go-- oh fuck.

“You’re doing ace on your own, man. You’ve wanted it for so long and, like, it’s cool, right? You’re living the dream on top of the dream, like,” he stops because, “Like you said. Yeah.”

Liam cocks his head, the corners of his lips curving ever so slightly. “You okay, babe?” 

“I--” Zayn begins because what he wants to say, to let out in the open, is Yeah, I’m good. Why wouldn’t I be? but what really comes out ends up being something like, “Why’d you stop, like. Calling and stuff?” 

And he has to look away, can’t bear the look on Liam’s face, whatever it may be. His teeth are gnawing at his bottom lip nervously and he’s gripping at the elephant in his hands. 

The sound is deafening and Zayn would think he’d hear his mum and dad’s chatter in the kitchen, but none of it comes. They’ve probably gone out to the yard to work on the garden, or something of that sort. 

Zayn hears Liam’s steady breath before Liam starts up, “You’re the one that pushed me away, remember?” And the tone doesn’t sound accusatory, no. But it does sound a little wounded and-- Zayn fucking hates himself. 

He knew that’d be the answer, he knew he’d been the problem. But he was so willing to think that.