totally does not exist.

" Yeah." My eyes shift to my lap. Why would the guy who is not real but takes me to dates in Cathy's dreams tell her not to tell me about him?

" Why?" I think her craziness is rubbing off on me. I need to run.

" I don't know. I'm not sure If I'm supposed to tell you about this but I just couldn't keep it any longer. I couldn't sleep cause my mind kept yelling at me that I was hiding something from you." Her hands are moving around in a frenzy. I know she's telling the truth. We might not be telepathic but we can never keep things from each other. So maybe we don't need to be telepathic.

" What's his name?" I just have to ask that. Like if a guy who-doesn't-exist takes me to dates and stuff, I want to know his name.

" I don't know. Every time I ask him he says something like a while between two ses." The distant look is back in her eyes. I guess it comes on when she's thinking about her dreams.

" Asses?" I'm shocked she would even use that word. She's actually very against cursing. Something about how the power of words died with every curse word ever spoken. I can bet she'll be campaigning about it when we get older. I can even see the slogan 'Protect the power of words! Say no to cursing.'

" No, get you head out of the gutter for once. It's like an 's'. S for snake." She rolls her eyes. That actually makes more sense.

" So two esses. A while between an ess and an ess." Or does it? I'm not surprised, though. Cathy's nuts so her dream guy has to be nuts too.

She's looking at me expectantly now." Yeah."

I don't really know what to say. We just look at each other for a moment before I say. " Cathy, I'm sorry. I know all you're theories are amazing and I support all of them but this is just too.."

Her eyes avert to her hands in her lap and she nods." Crazy, I know. That's why I wasn't telling you about it. It's fine. Let's talk about something else." She shuffles back on the bed and gets pulls the covers up to her cheeks. I sigh, guilt pooling under my skin.

I just feel really bad about what she said so the words that come out of my lips next are pretty expected. " Can I see one of the sketches."

My heart smiles as her eyes start talking again." But." She's hesitant but I know she wants to show it to me.

" Please." I give her my best pleading face, trying to make my eyes look all big and brown. And it's not long before she caves, jumping out of the bed and walking towards her dresser.

" Okay, just a glimpse and I'll stand far away in this corner. Okay?" She pulls out the sketchpad from the first drawer and then opens it to a certain page. I can't see anything from this angle and even though the guy isn't real but I just have to see him.

" Yeah." I move around in the bed to get a better look at the sketchpad but it still very close to her chest and I can't see anything. She looks at me, her blue eyes sparkling.

" Ready." I nod a little too eagerly. "1...2...3." She moves the sketch pad up so that it's in the line of my sight. My heart beat quickens as I try to get as many details as possible. I can see that the guy has a well-defined face and he's looking up. He looks a lot older than us and his adam's apple's a bit too protruding. And then she's taking the sketchpad down and closing it.

" That was too quick. Let me see it again." I jump off of the bed trying to get to her. I couldn't even see him properly.

" No, I'm getting tired now." She yawns. My eyes widen in disbelief. She can't do that to me!

" What?" I all but yell. She just shrugs. My eyes are glued to the sketchpad as she places it in the drawer and then locks it. I whine when she places the keys in her bra. There's no way I can get to them now.

" Yeah, you should sleep too. Look how late it is getting. We have school tomorrow." I move over to my side as Cathy walks to the bed and gets comfortable on her side of the bed.

My eyes roam to the alarm clock." In an hour." I mumble,