became engaged in a rather menacing-looking staring competition with a bodyguard who stepped inside. Pegasus rolled his eyes, as this bodyguard was well known to the both of them. Sunglasses nearly identical to Mister Crocketts hid what Pegasus knew were observant, calculating eyes, and the fact that both men were holding their hands dangerously close to their suit jacket pockets did not bode well for the occasion.

To distract his men from the sizing-up happening before them, Pegasus thought to give a proper introduction. "For those of you who were not informed, as of… last Wednesday, I believe, we require a welcome for another majority shareholder in our midst. Many of you are already familiar with his products and his company, particularly because our businesses often intersect." The two guards were still circling each other, so he added, "Isono, Mister Crocketts… children. Behave."

Of course, on his end there was no cause for concern. Mister Crocketts made his back back to Pegasus's chair without another word or gesture.

Isono was much like his master, a wild thing whose passion for being unconstrained outweighed his focus, and he continued to pace the room like an untrained hound.

In honesty it had taken Pegasus, too, by surprise to hear of his new business partner. It had taken much longer than he had thought for it to come about. There was revenge to be had, after all; it was difficult to imagine what sort of affairs had kept his nemesis away for so long. For a while after his defeat, the fire for revenge had burned within him as well.

Cyndia had been the world to him, the culmination of nearly endless labor, the angel meant to carry him to a better life. Even then, the thought of her required effort for maintaining composure. A hand pressed upon his shoulder, a signal from Mister Crocketts that a change had been sensed. Perhaps his eyes had watered in lament, his shoulders tensed in a moment of vulnerability, or his cheeks flushed with frustration.

No matter. Pegasus cleared his throat and focused on straightening the lapels on his suit. Seto Kaiba would never be allowed to see that change.

There was no sense in giving the man a proper introduction; Kaiba was a man whose presence did the job for him. Though he was not pleased to make the comparison, Pegasus had been much the same in his younger years, and the flair he had maintained allowed him to do something similar in the present. He would have to concede, however, that his red suit was no match for those sailing coat tails. Very dramatic.

Keeping the smile from his face as Kaiba entered the room. He didn't utter a word, but made a point to stand at the end of the table opposite Pegasus.

"I suppose you're wondering why I'm here," he said.

Pegasus shook his head. "Not at all, Kaiba-boy. Have a seat." A gentle hand gestured to a seat to his left, though he knew Kaiba would never take it.

Seto Kaiba always planned ahead, and Pegasus knew that without the Millennium Eye's help, it was unlikely that he would be able to work out Kaiba's ultimate goal for a while yet. It didn't take magic, however, to know that a business takeover was not the only possible point of this move. This had as much to do with intelligence as it did to do with pride. The smouldering look in Seto's eyes confirmed it.

More than a challenge, this was a stand.

"I've purchased a healthy chunk of Industrial Illusions," Seto announced, completely ignoring Pegasus lack of inquiry. Rather than waste more words, however, he simply pulled a chair away from the center table and seated himself a few feet away from the rest of them.

Pegasus chuckled at the show of bravado, and sighed. "Oh, Kaiba-boy; what am I going to do with you?"

"Is this what you do at your Board Meetings?" Seto sneered in reply. "Harass your shareholders?"

Intertwining his fingers to form a bridge that he could rest his head upon, he sighed again. "Would you like to give a short speech on your intentions as a shareholder?"

"No. Proceed."

The Board members gaped at their exchange, many of them unsure of how to move forward from this point. A few of them seemed happy to be in Kaiba's presence, as though it would restore some of what they perceived as normality.

"Mister Crocketts," Pegasus called, "please begin."

It was a standard dispensing of information, the fall and rise of numbers and a breakdown of general explanations for them, as well as a quarterly overview for the current and next. Things were relatively steady, business wise, with the exception of Kaiba's interference.

Through a small lecture, a powerpoint slide and a forum for answering questions, Seto Kaiba's eyes did not remove themselves from Pegasus's person. It was strange to be scrutinized in such a way, particularly after living in seclusion, and it was difficult to describe