sister." He clears his throat, "Also, one of our other mates, Niall, I texted him already as well." I nod, happy but still nervous. These people will come and be grieving over what has happened, and I need to tell them the life-changing news that I am his Soulmate, all at the same time. Great. I just hope they take it well, I have no idea what I would do if Harry's family did not approve.

 

 

Noticing my inner struggle Zayn asks," Hey, what's the matter? You took like you saw a ghost." His eyes go wide, and afraid all of the sudden. "Is something wrong with Harry?! Is he-" 

 

 

"What? No no no," I interrupt him. "Zayn, calm down everything is fine." I say in a soothing voice until Zayn's breathing returns back to normal. He relaxes back into the chair, a mixture of relief and confusion on his face. "Then what's been bothering you? Ever since you walked in you have been a big bundle of nerves, and I think it's starting to rub off on me." Zayn replies, and Oh no. I am supposed to be the calm and collected one here. 

 

 

After thinking for a second and deciding yeah, I would rather just tell Zayn now and get it over with, so its one less person I have to worry about later when the rest get here. "Well, you see." I start," Harry and I, we have matching numbers." I look up at Zayn's timidly, seeing him already looking at me with raised eyebrows, and the surprise clear on his face. "So, like, you guys are Soulmates?" Zayn says with a now unreadable expression.

 

 

I hesitate," Yes?" Not really sure if he is happy about that, but then Zayn's face lights up with a big grin, one that makes his eyes crinkle at the sides. 

 

 

"This is great!" He exclaims. "Harry is going to need all the support he can get, but not just from his family and his friends he has known for years. Having you, his Soulmate should help a lot." He is obviously relieved by my new, and that gives me more hope about how the rest of Harry's family will react. Zayn goes quiet for a second, and I wait for him to speak. "I think," He continues. "That Harry was always worried about his Soulmate. Like how you guys would get along, you know? I really think this will be good for him, having that pressure off his shoulders, and having someone that will just love and hold him when he's down." 

 

 

I grow more and more confident with Zayn's words, and my worries start to disappear. He has a good point, I will do everything in my power to help Harry get through this. Even though it seems like I have his approval, I am still surprised when Zayn get up and walks over to pull me into a hug. "Welcome to the family." He whispers in my ear, and I start to feel choked up again. 

 

 

Before I can reply, the door opens, and a herd of people flood in. Zayn lets go of me and goes over to greet a pretty blonde girl, who I can assume is his Soulmate, Perrie, considering the kiss he just gave her, and I stand back while the other all take turn going over what happened. Some cry, other just gather each other up for a hug, and for a minute I am forgotten in the background. I stand awkwardly for a little bit before Zayn comes back over to introduce me. 

 

 

"Guys, this is Louis." The others turn to look at me and I fidget uneasily. 

 

 

"Hi." I mumble not really sure what to do, but Zayn speaks up before I have a chance to embarrass myself. "Louis, this is Niall, my Soulmate Perrie, Gemma, Anne, and Robin. Gemma is Harry's sister, Anne is his mum, and Robin is the step-father." He points to each as he says the names and I give a feeble wave back. "Yeah, well Louis here is Harry's nurse and he also happens to be his Soulmate." 

 

 

It seems as if everyone pauses for a second, before Gemma, another gorgeous blonde, comes closer to me. She stops right in front of me and looks me up and down, but then her eyes focus on mine. "So." She starts. "Your my brother's Soulmate huh? Are you gonna treat him right?" She asks with one perfect eyebrow raised. I nod immediately, subtly wiping the sweat from the palms of my hands onto my jeans. "You better," Gemma continues. "Or else i'll be coming after you." She finishes, and my eyes go wide. 

 

 

Luckily Harry's mother, Anne I remind myself, comes towards us and places a hand on her daughter's shoulder. "Oh Gemma, enough. Your scaring the