feet.

** **

Inara spread the blankets on the wild grass in the shade cast by Serenity herself. She kicked off her shoes, leaving them by the edge of the blankets and crossed to sit near the middle of her little island.

Kaylee was right. It was hot. The shade helped, but even the wind was warm. After the perpetual chill maintained inside Serenity, the heat felt glorious. And the wide-open sky above eased Inara’s nerves.

“It’s like a picnic!” Kaylee said in delight. She plopped down on the edge of the blankets and began unlacing her boots.

“But without the food,” Inara agreed.

Inara peeled off Grace’s clothes until the baby was wearing nothing but her diaper and lay her down in the centre of the blankets. She then shucked her own sweater and set to rolling up her sleeves and the cuffs of her trousers as far as they would go. She lay back on the blankets and revelled in the feeling of the warm breeze against her skin. Beside her, Grace kicked her bare feet against the sky, crowing her delight. Inara knew exactly how she felt.

“I tried to find River, but…”

Kaylee shook her head. “She’s been hidin’ all day. Simon’s all worried, but I think she was just lookin’ for some quiet.”

“Everyone is antsy today. It can’t be easy on her.”

Free of her boots and her socks, Kaylee moved across the blankets to sprawl on the other side of Grace with a sigh of contentment. She squirmed out of the top half of her coveralls and pulled the legs of it up to bunch above her knees.

“So, you and the cap’n been fighting an awful lot.”

Inara rolled her head to the side to find Kaylee watching her. Her tone had been neutral and her face was as well. No judgement, just an offer to talk. Inara sighed.

“We have. It’s almost a habit by now.”

“You gonna let it go on like that?”

Inara shook her head slowly. “Every time, I promise myself – next time I won’t say anything. Just let him… go and get himself killed.”

“Cap’n’s better’n that, Inara. You know that. Gotta trust him some, is all.”

“It’s not about trusting him.”

“Yes it is.”

Inara sighed again and turned away. She spent a moment looking back up at the bright blue sky, listening to Grace’s quiet babbling. She wasn’t sure she was ready to admit that Kaylee was right.

Kaylee let the silence go on a stretch before she tried again. “He’s been hurt before. You weren’t ever like this.”

“He wasn’t mine before.”

Kaylee nodded. “So it ain’t the captain you’re mad at.”

Inara thought about that for a minute. “I’m mad at him, too.”

Kaylee laughed. Inara turned back to face her, managing to find a wry smile. She wondered just when Kaylee had grown so wise.

At which point the moment was shattered by the ball that hit the blankets perfectly between their heads before bouncing off into the grass. Kaylee and Inara both sat up in surprise to find River perched on the edge of the cargo ramp with an impish grin on her face. Inara found herself wondering how long River had been listening in to time her throw so perfectly.

“You little brat,” Kaylee said, laughing, and scrambled to her feet to run after the ball. River jumped off the ramp and flew after her. Inara settled herself cross-legged to watch them, glad of the distraction.

** **

The game of catch quickly changed to a game of keep-away when Simon came out looking for River. He peeled off his sweater and rolled up his sleeves and let himself be pulled into the game. No one could resist River when she was this vivid, Simon least of all.

** **

When Jayne was drawn outside by the noise, he needed no coaxing at all to join in. The game changed again to accommodate him, growing a little rougher and shaping into two-on-two; Jayne and Kaylee versus Simon and River. There didn’t seem to be any particular objective, just keep the ball away from the other team.

** **

Zoe stuck her head out to see what was going on, then disappeared back inside the ship. She re-emerged ten minutes later with a pitcher of water, some cups, and Mal. The two of them headed over to join Inara on the blankets and a whistle from Zoe brought the players in for a drink.

“Well, ain’t this the laziest crew you ever did see.” Mal settled himself, sprawled out and leaning back on his hands just behind where Inara was sitting. Inara cast only a quick glance back at him over her shoulder before turning back to the group, but she leaned back just a little, resting her shoulder against his.

Zoe grinned at the group