, and still have time left over as a human to do other things for herself before being forced to switch back. 


 


Tonight, though, Asami gently locks the apartment door with the spare key she’d found in one of the kitchen drawers, and throws one of Korra’s hoodies and hat on to keep warm. She crosses the street and wanders down the sidewalk with her hands in her pockets. With a temporary home to return to, exploring now has a sense of accomplishment to it, and she walks towards the nearby shops (albeit closed) with a smile on her face.


 


An open place called Colossus piques her interest, and she wanders inside to find that it’s a club without a waiting list. She’d nicked some money off of Korra’s counter before leaving, and buys herself a drink for the first time in a year.


 


She does feel bad about using Korra for her money and apartment, and as she takes a sip, she thinks about what she could do to show her gratitude. 


 


Realistically, there’s no way for Asami to make money if she can only be human for three hours of the day. And it’s not like she can do much as a cat but be a fuzzy companion (not to mention Korra already has a dog).


 



She took you in. If she wanted you gone, she would have put up a Craigslist ad by now. Stop worrying so much.



 


The alcohol gives a burn that Asami secretly craves, but she didn’t grab enough cash for another drink. It’s just as well. The last thing she wants to do is drunkenly stumble into Korra’s apartment and announce to the poor taxi driver that she’s the missing former CEO of the world’s most famous bankrupt (and extinct) engineering company. The thought causes her to pull Korra’s beanie down further to hide her hair. 


 


It takes her fifteen minutes to realize that Colossus is a gay club. She doesn’t mind, it just surprises her when a woman offers to buy her a drink and she notices all the couples. 


 


“Sorry,” Asami smiles, “I’m not in a good place right now for anything, so it’s probably not worth your time.”


 


The woman gives her a kind smile and nods, “Suit yourself. I’ll be here tomorrow if you change your mind.”


 


As the woman walks away, Asami realizes that it’s the first time she’s had a conversation with another human in a month, and it lasted five seconds. She shakes her head and sets the glass down, walking out of the club and back into the cold air.


 


She has an hour and a half left now, but she doesn’t really feel like doing anything. Just being human is relaxing enough. There’s a firm horn that echoes across Yue Bay as a cargo ship pulls up to the docks, where Asami used to have a warehouse for her company. She smiles at the thought and kicks a piece of driftwood around as she thinks of the good old days before the curse. 


 



I’m not fooled for a second what Korra was thinking about when she came out here. I need to keep an eye on her. She deserves better than to do that to herself. 



 


Something in her stomach feels a little nauseous, and she knows that she hasn’t had alcohol in a while. She wonders if it will mess up her body as a cat, but has figured in the past two years that whatever she eats as a human doesn’t really transfer over as a cat, and vice versa. It makes things frustrating because she can find food as a cat easier than as a human, and usually when she transforms she’s hungry, but now that she lives with Korra she can grab a bite in the kitchen. 


 


She pulls out her wallet. It’s the only thing, besides her clothes, that she doesn’t loose when she transforms. Inside is a photo of her parents and the key to the Sato estate, both safely tucked away in a pocket that she hasn’t touched in two years. Besides that, there’s the money that she took from Korra and the key to her new “owner’s” apartment.


 



Hmm… it’s a little weird to call her my owner. Patron? No, to professional. Foster parent? Calling her “mom” would be weird, I’m older than her! Maybe a friend, but I don’t know how long I’ll be here. I might have to jump ship if she starts suspecting anything. Boy, I really should just live in the forest. Maybe an Air Temple would take me in.



 


Asami chuckles aloud at her thoughts and shakes her head a little. The wind nips at her cheeks and she buries her face in the hoodie, taking a deep breath and smelling something akin to cedar and very good cologne. In the past two years, her human nose has improved somewhat, thanks to all the time she’s spent as a cat. And though