things and the same happened to them. 

Jawaad supported him immensely at that time. He's grateful for everything and everyone in his life. But his love life is non- existent. Yep. That's the only problem in his life. Whatever he'll find live soon enough. 

***

Liam is walking through the hallways when he spots Harry. His mate, best friend whatever the high school terms for a forever friendship are. Harry is that. Harry Styles, though has his own charm. His messy pile of curls is the tallest in the hallway and Liam waves at him. A lot of people fake their 'friendship' with Liam because of his position but Harry, he isn't like that. He's his real friend, the one who'd be at his doorstep even at 2 am if he needs him. 

"Harold, my man what's up?" Liam asks as he's approached by Jawaad Malik. Before Harry can reply, Jawaad speaks up. "Hey Liam, can I have aword with you for a minute?" Jawaad asks and honestly Liam didn't expect such politeness from one of the Malik Brothers. "Yeah mate, tell me." Harry just stands there as confused as Liam is. "You know my brother Zayn right? He is throwing a party at our place on Friday. He wants you to come. So just thought I should invite you and your friends." Jawaad explains. Oh Liam doesn't even know if he should accept then invitation or no. He just nods his head and Jawaad walks away. 

"What the fuck was that Liam? Zayn Fucking Malik just invited you to one of his parties. Do you even know what that means?" Harry squels. Okay okay Liam might have a tiny miny crush on Zayn Malik but Harry doesn't need to make it sound like a big deal because it's not, that's what he tells himself. "No Harry. I don't know what that means and can you please not make such a big deal out of it?" Liam says calmly.

"It means that he totally wants to snog you Payno." Niall says coming out of seemingly nowhere. Niall has impeccable timming and a very idiotic logical reasoning. " How can you even say that Niall?" Liam asks and Niall adjusts his snapback. "It's quite obvious, you know. The way he looks at you says it all." Niall says so casually like all this isn't causing a hundred butterflies to errupt out of a volcano in Liam's stomach. 

***

You're welcome, Zayner." Jawaad says as he enters Zayn's room without knocking. Zayn adjusts his reading glasses. See, Zayn isn't that much of a bad boy as people make it look like in school. He's just normal. Like every kther higschool guy shoud be. Anyway. 

"What did you do now, Jaw?" Zayn asks because he knows, he fucking knows this line from Jawaad Malik's mouth means touble. In capital fucking letters. 

"Oh nothing I told Liam you're throwing a party and want him to come. He'll get the signals that you want to snog the shit outta him." Jawaad gives his toothy and full of 'I know I'm awesome' grin. 

"WHAT?!" 

Gosh, he's screwed. Big time.

How was it? Bad, very bad or good? I don't know, I'm very insecure about all this. I know whatever ugh anyway. There'll be plenty of ziam in the next chapter so hope you guys bare with me :D

Okay so I'm really sorry for late updates :( Hope you guys enjoy this chapter. <3


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Zayn is going through his marvel comics stash when he hears a knock on his door. Finally, Jawaad learned how to knock on people's doors. 

"We have a party to plan, bro." His slender figure and all black clothes go well together, he must admit. The thing is Zayn is far more attached to Jawaad than he is. Zayn knows, he knows behind all the untold stories and all the complicated lies, there is pure soul in Jawaad which he refuses to acknowledge. Sadly, Zayn has to snap out of his world and go back to the real world, he has a party to plan. 

"Call up Louis. I can't do this without him." Louis, who is right now in Uni, is Zayn's partner in crime as he likes to call it. They've done everything together since child hood. But, unfortunately Louis is a year older so he went off to Uni before Zayn. Not that it matters because Louis' gigantic arse is always in Bradford. He barely showers all through the weekend and Zayn finds it a little too disgusting. He loves Louis.   

Jawaad executes the whole party in like fucking minutes. That's why, that's why he is his brother. 

*.*

Guests start arriving and there's