boy, my baby boy, been thinkin’ about me at least a couple hours-"

"You used to be  hot, too," Steve said, but he was smirking and Bucky could hear it, so he started wrestling him out of his boxers.

"Cause he’s already down to his skivvies in the sweltering July heat, musta been, God help me, at least ninety degrees even though it was nine at night-"

"It's almost that hot today," Steve told him, smacking at Bucky even with his boxers half down his ass and his weight up on his hands and knees to let it happen.

“So? Still happening,” Bucky informed him. “Got the prettiest little blush going and a shit-eatin’ grin on his face, and I squint ‘cause I can count, literally, count on one hand of fingers at that point, how many times you asked me if I wanted to fuck-“

"Never used those words," Steve complained. "Still haven’t."

"If you ever do, we’re gonna break furniture," Bucky promised. "Now, I look over your shoulder because you’re still short- pretty, though, such a pretty little piece of nothin’- and your bed’s all made but mine’s a wreck, stripped down to the bottom sheet, pillows crumpled, towel across the middle, Vaseline on the night stand and I look in those big blue eyes-"

"Like you were gonna eat me," Steve snickered as Bucky jerked his shorts past his knees.

"And you shrugged at me and gave me your best little bad boy grin, like I caught you sneakin’ candy out of the top shelf when your sugar wasn’t low, and you smelled like sweat and slick and the breeze came through the curtain and fuck me if the whole damn room didn’t reek like sex-"

"I don’t know what I was thinkin’," Steve admitted, stuffing the pillows under his hips as Bucky smacked his ass possessively and licked the small of his back.

"You were thinkin’ you wanted my dick," Bucky told him. "And you did, and you got it, didn’t you? And it was hotter than this, and we couldn’t make a peep of noise."

"They’ll be here at eight," Steve complained, and Bucky shook his head and grunted, smacking his ass again. "Okay, okay! Jeez, what do you want?"

"Get the grease out of the drawer, you shit," Bucky ordered, and Steve rocked up on his hands, and Bucky waited until he’d opened the drawer and had his fingers in it before he traced his tongue along the crack of Steve’s ass and made him smother a moan in his bicep. Steve’s knees shook and threatened to give out, and Bucky hummed his approval. "That’s my baby," he purred, and Steve laughed brokenly, falling on his face even as he dropped the lube by his knee.

"You’re the worst," he sighed. "I ain’t movin’. I ain’t helpin’ you at all."

"So lay there and take it, you punk," Bucky advised. "Wouldn’t be the first damn time you made me do all the work." Steve snickered again, lower, hungrier, the blush starting to crawl down his shoulders from the top and making Bucky’s cock even harder. "Oughtta turn the ceilin’ light on to go with the fan, light up that pretty hole so I can see all the way in you."

"Oh my God," Steve groaned, scandalized. "Bucky, that’s terrible. Even for you, that’s terrible.”

"Whatever," Bucky said dismissively, smirking when a single trace around Steve’s taut pucker wasn’t enough of a warning before one skilled finger slick with lube thrust into him up to the second knuckle and elicited a harsh yelp. "God, you’re always so damn tight.”

"You’re- awful,” Steve panted. “Oh Christ. Oh my God.”

"Have I thanked you for learning how to talk and fuck at the same time?" Bucky asked. "Because you didn’t used to. I remember you didn’t used to. All you could say was ‘Bucky, Bucky, oh Jesus, Bucky,’ this is much better."

"Screw- you," Steve panted, pushing back on his hands and knees as Bucky added a second finger. "Oh my God, oh my God-“

"Did you just offer to do me in the shower?" Bucky asked, raising both eyebrows. "Well, sure, Stevie. If you insist."

"Ain’t doin’ nothin’," Steve huffed, his neck going limp, one hand snaking between his thighs to stroke his cock. "S’too hot to screw. Nngh. Bucky-“

"Lazy punk," Bucky retorted. "You know what else you can do after you soap me up? You can suck me off. When’s the last