, fingers pressed against his quivering hole. If Louis didn’t know Zayn as long as he did and had been fucked by him enough times for it to be considered a deadly sin, he would've been embarrassed at how he started begging for him then, his stomach aching with need, his lips and tongue tracing the tattoos marking Zayn's shoulders. He spread his legs wider as two fingers entered him with ease, curving to caress his walls that automatically suffocated the digits and clung for dear life for any penetration they might receive. He wasn't shy to give the camera a show, though, his cock dripping as he stroked himself, hips rolling against Zayn's palm. It wasn't long before the fingers were replaced by his lover's hot, hard cock, his body stretching and whimpering as it accommodated the sudden change in size, his hands gripping Zayn's ass to bring him even closer. Usually they'd be chest to chest, breathing so hard that they could feel it on opposite skin, but tonight Louis leaned against the mirror to allow the camera to capture the joining of their bodies, wet sounds lapping between them to add to the scene.

The back of the mirror slammed up against the wall, no doubt giving their neighbors a front page idea of what they were up to, while Louis' moans grew desperate and more pathetic by the second. They switched taking the camera and recording their sex session, Zayn taking the time to grip his hips and pound into him relentlessly, hitting the tight bundle of nerves within him with every thrust. Louis took his free hands time to stroke himself feverishly or drag his nails lazily along Zayn's smooth stomach, making him take a sharp breath and shiver all the way down to the tip of his cock. They eventually slid down to the floor where Louis rode Zayn like a pro, taking every inch of him, his ass smacking against Zayn's thighs until he came, decorating his lover's skin with his come. Zayn came just a few minutes later, letting Louis take the camera while he switched their positions and leaned back to place long legs on his shoulders and fucked him long, hard, and mercilessly until his own orgasm coursed through him, filling Louis up to the point where he had to pull out to let the access substance spill from him. Zayn grabbed the camera again and recorded the white, thick come oozing from his lover's pink quivering hole, collecting some with his thumb and bringing it up to his lips, moaning softly as he tasted their mixed flavors on his tongue.

They laid on the ground a few more minutes before shutting off the camera and set it on the edge of the bed, kissing each other as they stood and made their way to the bathroom to wash off their session. The two men couldn't stop touching each other, the water pouring over them, Zayn smiling, Louis giggling, recalling what they'd just done and dubbing it one of the best nights they've had.

"You know something," Zayn said, pulling away and spitting out some water that had dripped in his mouth, wiping his hair back. "We'd make great porn stars."

"Seriously? You got that from one session with a camera?" Louis laughed, lifting his eyebrow.

"The way we fuck, I've known that, but it just became clear to me. I've watched porn and what we just did was quality entertainment."

"Let's watch it back." Louis suggested, turning to shut off the water and pulled back the shower curtain, grabbing two towels and handing one to Zayn. " I'll tell you if it is or not."

"Alright, porn expert. Doubt our video is good enough to make it."

"I'm not doubting it and don't call me that."

"You used to watch porn from sun up to sun down, love. I have a right to call you that."

Louis laughed and blushed, though the pinks on his cheek went away as quickly as they came. "I used to be obsessed with porn before you came into my life and showed me just how much better the reality of sex was."

"Is this you finally confessing that I took your virginity?"

"Let's not get crazy," Louis winked and stepped out of the shower, wrapping the towel around his waist and heading back to the bedroom. He grabbed the camera and went into the bag it went sent in to take out the aux cord to connect the device to the TV, setting everything up as Zayn joined him wearing tight boxer brief that outlined every inch of him. "You're trying to get me going again, eh?"

"If I was trying to get you going, I'd do this," Zayn leaned towards him and kissed his neck, right on top of the red spot he'd given to him earlier, causing Louis to give a light moan.

"You're an ass.."

"And I love your ass."

The two of them got comfortable on their bed