Once, when Dean growled at another random Alpha for checking Cas out the Omega and his friend both gave Dean kind of swooning looks, which made Balthazar laugh and boosted Dean’s confidence.

The rude Beta Dean had met once before was introduced as Meg and she was still just as rude. She called him chauvinistic because he opened the doors for Cas but Cas seemed to like it — sure, during their first date he had announced that he could do it on his own but he seemed to have warmed up to it. Dean made a point only to open doors for Cas to show Meg that he wasn’t interested in Alpha posturing but rather that he was a gentleman to the person he was dating.

That, predictably, earned him a scolding from her about being an asshole in general and Balthazar had to lead her away just like he had that first time. Dean noticed that Cas’ friends deflected a lot of things like that so Cas wouldn’t have to see it. His Omega was observant, though, and picked up on a few of them. It seemed to sadden him and Dean didn’t like that. He had vowed to talk to Cas about Meg but still hadn’t done it, afraid it would be something serious that would make his Omega even sadder to think about.

Dean’s friends, in contrast, all took to Cas like children to kittens. Charlie bonded with Cas over the game Risk, which Cas was apparently fluent in but hadn’t had a chance to play much since he started living at K-state.

Benny, as another Alpha, deferred to Dean’s preferred way of interacting with Dean’s partner. It was common respect amongst Alphas since they all tended to be rather territorial, even if they had been raised well. But he and Benny had been friends for years now and knew well how to dance around each other. Dean did the same when interacting with Benny’s Beta Andrea.

When they were alone Benny praised Cas to Dean, though, and Dean preened with every kind word about his Omega.

Garth was as good-natured as always and even though Cas mumbled himself through an apology about the night they met Garth just waved it off and started asking Cas about his studies instead. Cas seemed to relax then and it only then occurred to Dean that maybe the Omega had been feeling really bad about kicking Garth out of the room and Dean hadn’t picked up on how Cas felt until now.

That realization made him feel bad and he spent that day trailing after Cas like a love-sick puppy and not feeling in the least embarrassed about it. Cas seemed to find it a mix of confusing and amusing but Dean was determined not to leave him unless Cas said so. He could see Alfie smiling behind his back but no one commented on it and when Dean kissed Cas on the cheek the Omega went beet red but his scent spiked into pleased Omega.

"I suppose they find it cute, the Omegas." Garth commented that evening when Dean mentioned Cas and Alfie’s behavior. "Having a big Alpha totter after them like that."

Dean snorted because he didn’t totter.

"I just felt bad because he had been feeling bad and I hadn’t seen it. Plus I did kind of kick you to the curb."

Garth laughed in that care-free way of his. "It’s okay, Dean. Thing is, you’ve never really kicked me out like that before. Sure, I’ve come home to find socks on the door and I’ve had to wait for some time but remember that brunette you brought back just before summer break?"

Dean didn’t remember her name. "Yeah." He sat up straighter on his swivel chair when he realized what Garth was getting at. "Yeah, we went to her room instead when I saw you in here."

Garth nodded with a twinkle in his eye. "Cas is special, isn’t he?"

Dean felt all gooey just thinking about the Omega. "Yeah."

"Yeah. So it’s okay Dean. Maybe next time text me first and I’ll get out of here? Cas seemed a bit embarrassed but I’m a guy too, I know the needs of youth."

Only Garth could pull off sounding like a grandpa at age 24.

"Sure." Dean grinned. "Next time I need to ravish Cas I’ll tell you beforehand."

Might as well put Garth’s number on speed dial, then.









For their third date Dean took Cas to a piano bar in Topeka because "I know you like to play, sweetheart". Cas thought it was extremely cute of Dean to have thought of it and he spent the whole hour’s drive over to Topeka talking about how he sometimes wished he had done something about his piano playing.

Dean mostly spent the drive smiling and squeezing one of Cas’ hands but Cas thought he was listening at least. Dean told him how he had only been to the bar, Uncle Bo’s Blues Bar, once and that it was around the time high school