Eren asked he slowly start to shake.

“What? Are you scared?” Levi smirked as he approached the omega. “Is the little omega afraid of the empire? Is it because they kept you locked up for years?”

“Wh… why,” Eren started to tear up. He turned to face the alpha and bursted into tears. “are you so mean? Of course it’s scary! My life has been in their hands since my parents died! I don’t want to go back there… but I also don’t want to be here! Why can’t I live freely?! Is it because I’m an omega? Was I born to be kept like cattles and sheeps?”

The brunette shut his eyes tightly. Distress oozed out of his small body. Levi sensed it and didn’t move. The omega braced himself for any beating for his outburst. He waited in silence and darkness, but nothing came. He opened his eyes as tears continued to fall. He looked at the alpha with fearful eyes. Levi hovered over the boy without touching him. The man stared at the beautiful jewels of Eren’s caribbean green eyes. There was no judgment on the man’s face.

“You were born into this world for a purpose. No one knows what that is, but it wasn’t meant to be kept as cattles or sheeps. The ones who mess with fate are those part of the empire. You have been wronged, but it’s not my job to apologize to you. However, no one else will, so… I’m sorry,” Levi told Eren in the most sincerest voice the boy thought the man had.

“Th- thank you,” Eren replied as more tears fell.

“Don’t thank me,” Levi responded. He backed up and walked back to the fire place. “Man, I thought you had a little fire in you, but turns out you’re just a baby. Boring.”

“Sh— shut up! Stupid overbearing alpha!” Eren shouted as he wiped away his tears.

“Hmm? Maybe you will have fire in you soon,” Levi commented he started cooking.

“Hmph… if… if you’re going to cook… may I change out of this?” Eren gestured to his robes as he stared at the alpha with pleading eyes. Levi turned to look at the boy. He questioned to himself if the omega thought he could manipulate him with his huge eyes.

“Hmm, personally, I think you look better like that,” Levi scoffed at the sight of Eren glaring at him. “But go ahead. I haven’t bought clothes for you yet so you have to wear my clothes. They’re in the bedroom we were in earlier.”

“Okay…” Eren grumbled.

The omega ventured off to the bedroom. Inside the bedroom, he turned on the oil lamp. The light glowed and complemented his skin. The boy looked around and made sure the alpha didn’t follow him. Eren bit his bottom lip, feeling coy. He took off his necklace and placed it on a dresser. His hands grabbed onto his robes.

He slowly stripped off his robes. Enticing caramel skin was being exposed. Once his robes were off, the boy sheepishly looked down at his naked body. He’s been told that his face was beautiful, however no one ever commented on his body. In the boy’s perspective, his body was immature. His stomach was flat. No muscles were visible. He looked like a little boy and not someone of sixteen years of age.

The boy wore green lacy undergarments that he was required to wear back in the castle. It was the only undergarment he had so he kept it on. The boy looked through the alpha’s clothings and found a comfortable set of clothings; however, he stared at the clothes for a bit, wondering if it would fit him. The omega slipped on the shirt and found that it almost reached to his knees. The omega glared at the pants and roughly put it back where he got it.

The boy folded his robes and placed it in a place out of sight. He was about to leave, but then he remembered the jewels on his ears. The boy carefully took out the emerald studs from his ear lobes. He placed them next to his necklace. He looked at his body again. He hated that he looked like a child. He sighed as he walked back to the kitchen.

“Took you awhile, princess,” Levi chuckled. “And I stand corrected, you look better like that.”

“Don’t call me that,” Eren gritted his teeth. “And… your clothes are too big.”

“Whatever you say,” Levi smirked. “Food is ready. I made something simple. It sounded like you were hungry as fuck, so soup it is. There’s bread on the table.”

“Okay… thank you,” Eren pouted. He didn’t want to thank the man.

“Yea, whatever. Sit your ass down and eat,” Levi responded. “