the platform. Blue eyes shot up to meet Kili's dark brown and something unspoken passed between uncle and nephew; Thorin knew who'd felled the creature and, although he still wished HE'D been the one to do it, the exiled king felt a swell of pride rise in him. But praises would have to wait until later, when they were safely above ground once more and, hopefully, miles away from this blasted hole.

~*~

After all the things they'd been through since the stone giant's thunder battle, Thorin was more grateful than he wanted to admit for Gandalf's tendency to make friends out of the oddest creatures. Beorn was a strange... man to say the least, but his impressive home was a blessing to the company, especially the injured king. His ribs ached under Oin's makeshift bandages and his limbs still had a horribly heavy feeling, but Thorin found he couldn't bring himself to care about his own injuries. He'd been watching his nephews since he'd been able to pull his eyes away from the Lonely Mountain so far ahead of them and he didn't like how twitchy and nervous the boys had been once the rush of the night's events had faded. Any time someone came close to them, the boys flinched and pulled closer to the other; they hadn't slept soundly the entire way to Beorn's home and, even here under the warm, safe roof, they were unable to fully relax. They kept their bedrolls away from the others, tucked in a dark corner, and for once didn't look even tempted to join in the song that Bofur had started. That alone would have been enough to alarm Thorin.

With a groan, Thorin got up and Balin, who was reclining beside him, sat up with concern. "Thorin?"

The dwarvish king shook his head at Balin, eyes darting over to Kili and Fili. The old dwarf's eyes softened and he nodded in understanding as he laid back down.

Carefully Thorin made his way over to his nephews who looked up a bit too sharply at his approach. However, realizing that it was just their uncle, Kili relaxed visibly and managed a smile for the elder dwarf. Unfortunately, Fili remained looking wary, which made something drop in the pit of Thorin's stomach.

"Uncle," the blond dwarf solemnly greeted the king.

Thorin stood beside Kili, not wanting to sit down when he knew he'd have trouble getting up again. "Is there a specific reason you two aren't celebrating with the others?" he asked pointedly.

Kili and Fili exchanged glances before the darker haired brother answered, "Simply tired, uncle."

Thorin nodded sagely. "Only sleeping an hour or two for days on end will leave one tired and worn."

The young dwarves colored in embarrassment; they'd hoped that they had been hiding their sleeplessness from the company.

"Thorin---" Fili started, only to be interrupted.

"I saw what the goblins did to you," Thorin stated bluntly, his voice hushed so only the two younglings could hear him.

Fili flinched as if he'd been struck and Kili's eyes dropped to the floor in shame.

"I killed the one who..." Kili trailed off, unable to finish.

"Yes, much quicker than I would have." Thorin graced his youngest nephew with a rare smile, which had Kili beaming. Then Thorin's gaze shifted to Fili who was still silently studying the floor. "I fear I must apologize, Fili, for not allowing you to take your own vengeance as your brother did."

Fili met Thorin's eyes for just a moment before muttering, "It's dead. That's all that matters."

Thorin sensed there was more trouble stirring in his oldest nephew's heart, but it was unlikely Fili would admit to such with Kili beside him. "Kili, take your bed rolls over to mine and sit with Balin."

Kili looked hurt being dismissed and immediately turned to Fili. "But---"

"Fili and I will be there shortly." Thorin's tone told the young dwarves it was a mistake to attempt to argue with him.

Still, it took a small nod from Fili to get Kili into motion. He rolled up his bed roll, then---after Fili got to his feet---his brother's. Casting one last forlorn look to Fili, Kili headed over to where Balin was now smoking his pipe. Once Kili was out of ear shot, Thorin ordered, "Come with me," in the same hard tone as before.

Pushing off the wall, Thorin headed out of the busy hall down a small corridor. Fili followed several steps behind Thorin obediently, hesitating only a moment before entering the storage closet after his uncle. The storage closet gave them more privacy that anyone in the company had had since leaving Rivendell.

Once Thorin closed the door, Fili attempted to cut off the looming conversation before his uncle could begin it. "Thorin---"

"As I said, Fili, I saw what the goblins did to you and Kili,"