and Eli cried out, she felt her tighten and her juices rushed onto Nozomi’s face, who lapped it up and eventually pulled out. Eli laid slack on the table after she’d ridden out her high whilst Nozomi slid off the table, grabbing a towel to wipe her face.

“I feel much better now Elicchi, don’t you?”

“Y-yeah… That was…” Nozomi raised a hand to cut her off.

“You don’t need to say anything Elicchi, I’m only doing my job.”

“N-no it’s not that… I’d feel bad if you didn’t get off, Nozomi.” Nozomi quickly glanced over at Eli before looking at the floor.

“Well, I… You don’t have to do anything for me. As I said, it’s my job.”

“But I want to do something for you.” Eli replied, sitting up, suddenly a lot more serious. “Besides, your panties aren’t exactly leaving much to the imagination.” She swallowed and glanced downwards, no doubt referring to the wet spot that had formed.

“If you really want to, then I suppose I can’t deter you. I really can’t say no to hot women.” Nozomi placed the towel back on the rack and made her way over. “So, what do you want to do to me?”

“Let me lead and I’ll show you.” Eli patted the place next to her on the table and Nozomi obediently got back on to kneel in front of her.

Eli started to run her hands over Nozomi's skin, being blatantly overly-grabby at certain parts of her body. Nozomi bit her lip as she was touched all over, the hands going back towards her ass again.

“You seem to really like that area on me, I would've thought it had been somewhere different.” 

“I like both of them, but I'm currently… Savouring this area.” She gave her a light squeeze and another smack.

“Mmn…” She moaned quietly, “Elicchi, are you going to screw me or just spank me?”

“Both? Both is good.” She looked her in the eyes, “Besides, you seem into it.” Nozomi giggled before it turned into a sigh.

“Well look Elicchi, you’ll make my skin sore.”

“Well, that’s typically the thing with spanking, I mean…”

“Anyway, didn’t you say you were going to lead?” Nozomi teased gently, giving Eli a slight pout. Not that she’d admit it, but she was tired with waiting. 

“Right, yeah.” Eli drifted one hand halfway up her back, the other still situated on her rear before she pulled in for another passionate kiss, Eli’s tongue slipping into Nozomi’s mouth as she felt the other girl shudder and press into her more, needy. 

Eli gently pushed Nozomi down onto her back on the cushioned table, her hips grinding slowly and tantalisingly over Nozomi’s clothed core, causing her to let out shuddering sighs into the kiss and her to squirm underneath her and after splitting off, Eli had a huge grin on her face. She reached down and leisurely slid Nozomi’s panties down her legs, clearly in no hurry. “Elicchi… Hurry up, please…”

Eli nestled her face in her crook of Nozomi’s neck, planting a few kisses up and down it. “But you smell and feel so good I just wanna go slow…”

“That’s mean, Elicchi…!” Nozomi replied playfully, preoccupying herself by combing her hands gently through Eli’s golden locks, who hummed happily in response. She let out a hot breath on her neck before sliding her hand down, pulling her panties down with little patience, despite what she’d said about going slow. As she massaged the inside of her thighs, Nozomi moaned and pulled Eli’s head up for another kiss.

As Nozomi hooked her arm around Eli’s neck, Eli slid a single finger inside her, Nozomi’s arm tightened around her neck pulling her closer and pushing her tongue further into her mouth. Her insides clenched tighter as Eli entered another finger inside her, causing Nozomi to let out a shuddering moan as Eli’s fingers back to curl and move in and out of her.

As Eli felt Nozomi’s movements get more frantic and twitchy, she swiftly pulled her fingers out of her and pulled her tongue out of her mouth. “Elicchi…” Nozomi’s chest heaved as she watched Eli lick her fingers clean.

“I’m not gonna finish you off that way.”

True to her word, Eli made her way down, planting kisses down her body before kissing the inside of her thighs and running her tongue over and around her clit, it took all of Nozomi’s power to not finish, wanting to draw out more of Eli. As Nozomi’s hands buried themselves in her tresses, Eli’s tongue pushed inside her and her fingers worked and pressed harshly on her clit, Nozomi