off when he remembered that his clothes were still wet. Zayn didn't seem to notice how uncomfortable the older boy was as he pulled on his shirt to get his attention.

"Can I has Grr?"

"Who's Grr?"

"It's his stuffed dog. He keeps him hidden at the bottom of his suitcase. It's where he keeps everything you'll need."

Zayn whined as Louis gently placed him back on the bed, making sure to avoid the wet spot, but perked up when Louis told him that he was going to find his little stuffed dog.

As Louis searched through the suitcase that had been brought up earlier that day, he found a number of items you wouldn't expect to find in a twenty two year olds suitcase; nappies, wipes, baby powder, a few dummies and even a small, light blue baby blanket. As Louis searched for the desired comfort item, he couldn't help but wonder how he never knew about any of this. They had known each other for almost five years now and Zayn didn't think to mention this once? Did that mean Zayn didn't trust them? That he didn't trust Louis?

After a few minuets, Louis finlly found the small dog. It was well loved, all of it's fur had worn off, only leaving small rough patches. It looked more like a bean bag than a dog, but it was cute.

Louis than realized that he knew this toy. About a month into boot camp, Zayn had picked up his suitcase, thinking it was closed, only to have all of its contents spill onto the floor. Nothing that would have given his secret away had been in the suitcase at the time except this small toy dog that was resting at the top of the pile. When the other boys started giving him shit for still needing a stuffie, Zayn had just grabbed it and left the room, looking like he was on the verge of tears. Louis remembered feeling bad.

When Louis turned around with the small dog in his hands, Zayn's face instatntly lit up. His tears had finally begun to slow down but his thumb remained in his mouth. When Louis didn't give it to him quick enough, he started to whine and make grabby hands for the toy. When Louis sat back on the bed, he pulled the small boy back onto his lap, no longer caring about the wet clothes. Louis needed some form of comfort just as much as Zayn did.

"Louis? Louis, are you still there?"

Louis picked the phone back up. "Yeah, still here."

"Does he have Grr?"

"Yeah."

"Has he stopped crying?"

"Yeah."

"Are you okay?"

"I'm not sure."

"Louis, I know this is hard. Zayn never wanted any of you boys to ever have to deal with this. Just please take care of my baby boy."

"I will. I can do this."

"Call me if you need anything, okay? And thank you."

"You're welcome."

As Louis hung up the phone, Zayn began to pull on his shirt again.

"'M wet, can you change me?"

Louis could do this.

I'm really happy that people seem to be enjoying this story:) I'm going to try to update at least twice a week.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Louis had taken care of kids before. He had helped his mom with his younger sisters and his youngest siblings were still babies themselves. He figured that taking care of Zayn in this mindset wouldn't be too different.

"Yeah buddy, let's get you cleaned up. I'll give you a bath and then we can watch a movie, does that sound good?"

Zayn nodded, snuggling further into Louis' chest. they stayed like this for another few moments. Despite the wetness that was slowly seeping into his own pants, Louis couldn't bring himself to move Zayn. He had never seen this boy so small, so fragile. All Louis wanted to do was hold him and make every bad thing go away.

"Can I ask you something?" Zayn asked with a small voice.

"Sure, anything."

"What's your name?"

This question caught Louis off guard. How did he not know his name? Did he really not know anything while having an episode? Was he really that far gone?

These questions scared Louis, to think that Zayn had lost everything that made him who he was. But then he realized that Zayn probably felt this fear a hundred times over, every day. He knew what was happening and there was nothing he could do to stop it. Louis had seen Zayn in the elevator. not once in the last five years had Louis seen Zayn so frightened. The fear Louis was feeling was nothing compared to Zayn.

Louis took a breath, remembered what Tricia had said, that he just had to be patient, and answered. "I'm Louis."

"That's a nice name