Daichi.” Their grip on each other’s hand was strong and Daichi felt like the only thing preventing them from pulling each other closer was the fact that they were still in the elevator.

“Nice to you meet you, Sawamura! Now, you’re more experienced than I am, right? Care to show me the ropes?” Bokuto still hadn’t let go of his hand, neither had he lost his grin.

“I’m sure I could teach you a thing or two, but you look like you already know a lot, don’t you?”

“Oho~ We’ll see that during our private lesson, right? I’m a good student, I promise.” His half-lidded eyes and the way his already-deep voice dropped sent a shiver to Daichi’s spine. He tightened his grip on Bokuto’s hand.

“You can call me Daichi, by the way.”

“I’ll make sure to remember when you’ll give me a hand.”

Daichi snorted. “I’ll give you more than a hand once we’re out of here.”

Bokuto hummed appreciatively and tugged on their still-linked hands. Daichi let himself get pulled closer to the other man. He leaned on Bokuto’s chest and put a hand on the firm pectorals of the man and looked up. Bokuto had a hand on his waist, the other on the small of his back, dangerously sliding to his butt.

“Is it hot in there or is it just you?” Bokuto whispered, smirking – and proud of his line. Daichi chuckled and let his nails scratch against the fabric of Bokuto’s shirt.

“I believe it may be you.” He replied, leaning in closer as if to initiate a kiss. He stopped right before touching Bokuto’s lips, though. If the man wanted him, he had to go and get him. Not that Daichi made it hard for him.

The smirk widened and Bokuto leaned in too. Their lips were just a few millimetres apart now. They were breathing in the same hot air, taking in each other’s scent.

The world around them had stopped.

And so had the elevator.

Bokuto pushed him away – though not too violently, it was still surprising – and started looking around frantically. Daichi watched him, still too stunned to properly react, as he started banging against the walls.

“Why did it stop?! Is it broken? It’s broken!!” He turned to Daichi and grabbed him by the shoulders, shaking him a little bit too hard for Daichi’s taste but he said nothing. “We’re gonna die here man, WE’RE GONNA DIE HERE!”

Daichi opened his mouth to reply, but the lights started to flicker and before he could say anything, the lights were off.

Bokuto’s grip on his shoulders tightened enough to let Daichi think it was going to bruise. Then Bokuto’s hands were gone and he felt him crouch down. Blinking, Daichi was still trying to proceed what had happened in the short lapse of time that were the last seconds.

When his brain had finally registered everything, he followed Bokuto lower. A very small light allowed him to at least discern the man’s form in the dark and he patted his shoulder.

“Hey, it’s gonna be okay. It’s probably just a failure in the circuits.”

“’Just’ a failure? When the thing’s gonna drop and crash on the ground, you won’t be saying it’s just a failure, man. Oh my god, listen, I cAN ALREADY HEAR THE UPCOMING MELODY OF HEAVENS, WE’RE GONNA DIE HERE SAWAMURA.”

“What? No, that’s just the elevator bell, oh my god. Let me just–“ Daichi tried to stand up again, just to be pushed again by Bokuto as he rushed to the button panel to yell in the emergency microphone.

“SAVE US, PLEASE!”

“Uh. Are you alright, Sir?” the person from the small speaker asked with a weary voice.

“We’re stuck in an elevator and living a near death expERIENCE BUT YEAH WE’RE TOTALLY OKAY.”

“Bokuto, calm down please.” Daichi put a hand on the man’s shoulder and pulled him away from the microphone. “Hello?”

“Oh, Sawamura.”

“Hey, Kunimi. What happened?”

“Oikawa was walking to the elevator and tripped. Their drink ended on the control panel and well, you know best what happened next.”

“Oh.”

“Yeah. We’re working on it, though. Hanamaki’s having fun with the cables.”

“Is that why we don’t have lights anymore?”

“… Probably.” Daichi listened to the whispers coming from the other side, Kunimi apparently telling the technician about the lack of lights. “Yeah, he fucked up.”

Daichi looked back a moment to check on Bokuto. The man was sitting on the floor again, hands on his head and shaking.

“Do you know when it’ll be fixed? The guy