good with her. His previous girlfriends had been either completely horrible or lying gold-diggers and the honeymoon phase had been shorter and shorter over time. With Zhu Li, he felt it would never end. They might keep their romance rather hidden to outsiders but in their private sphere, they were close as ever. He had good hopes for their future. 

"You're quite the keeper, tiger seal."

Hugging Zhu Li, stroking her hair and kissing her forehead, he felt he could stay with her his whole life and not get tired. He trusted in his projects to provide for the rest. After a few instants thinking over the possibilities of his future, he noticed Zhu Li had fallen asleep in his arms. He smiled at the sight and closed his eyes to join her.





The city of Zaofu had already been closed its floral roof for the night by the time Zhu Li and Varrick came back to the room that had been theirs for six months now. Varrick was wearing a broader grin than ever on his face."This is it, Zhu Li! Tomorrow's the day!"She gave him a small smile and he took her in his arms, whipped her off her feet and spun her around."I just love Kuvira's plans! This is going to make us richer than ever!""Mostly you.""Come on, Zhu Li, what's mine is yours."That was true, she had to admit. The yuans were his, but she had never lacked of anything ever since she had been working with him. She never exagerated, of course, never demanded anything extravagant (the same could not be said about Varrick), though she was in charge of the finances and could very well have bought half of the world. Still, he covered for her expanses, just like he did the rest of his crew, which meant the metalbender's plans might improve everybody's lives. At the very least it would improve life in Earth Kingdom, if Kuvira was to be believed.



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Whether he saw her gesture or not, she did not know. He kissed her neck and further down, and when the nightgown would not allow him to go further, he kissed her on top of it. His hands were roaming her body, making her feel things she had never thought she would. One came to find its way to her legs, his thumb softly brushing against the skin of her thigh and she looked away, embarrassed by the feeling it gave her.

"I love you so much, my sweet Zhu Li."

One hand on her breast, the other sliding between her legs, Varrick was having as much an effect on her as she on him. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes, gathering courage. She then softly pushed against his torso to be able to sit, smiling to reassure him when he looked at her with puzzlement. It was not fair that she could not feel his skin right against her. She sat up and took off her only piece of garment. The urge to cover herself with her arms came upon her but she fought it off and gave a shy smile to Varrick. She breathed once, twice, and looked up at him. The look in his eyes made up for her fears and she allowed herself to lie back down and gesture for him to come closer. He lay on top of her, surrounding her with his warmth, with the security he inspired her. 

 

She wrapped her legs around his, her arms around his neck, and noticed, too late, that he had somehow got rid of his underwear. She felt him right against her thigh, but it did not frighten her like it would have before. It helped that he was smiling at her, pushing her hair out of her face. He gave her a lingering kiss as his hand dipped between her legs and rested there, as if waiting for permission. She nodded, but closed her eyes when he began touching her, probing around. She knew she was pretty wet already, how could she not when Varrick was all over her, and her cheeks were blushing, she could feel it, but could not help it. 

"You're perfect, Zhu Li."

If she had not known before, she would have guessed right then that he came from a Water Tribe. His touch was as persistant as the waves, as regular as the tides, as beautiful as the moonlight. She had never been touched like that, never at all to tell the truth. She had never been one for self exploration either. Varrick made her feel completely new things that she never thought she would live to discover.

"Do you like this?" he said with his rough voice just against her ear.

She did not trust her voice and nodded. In truth, his fingers were making her feel good, really good, even, and she was just getting used to the way her body was reacting. She gasped when he pressed a finger into her, though she did not know what she had expected. He felt her tense somehow and kissed her cheek softly.

"Is this okay?"

"Keep going