demanded, his voice dropping as lust clouded his every sense. "Fuck that dildo until you become undone then keep fucking it until you're nothing but a pathetic mess on top of it because if you think you can do a round with me, princess, well..." He chuckled and stood up, tugging down his boxers to let his cock spring free, wrapping a hand around himself. "You're in for a hell of a ride."

Louis couldn't hold back the soft whimper that fell from him as he fisted the sheets and Zayn knew he got through to the virgin, watching as he scrambled off the bed and returned a few moments later with a big black dildo that could easily resemble Zayn's dick. He shifted the camera down to the floor, pulled down his panties until they rested around his ankles than sat down with his legs spread as far as they possible could on full display for Zayn to see. Louis lubed the dildo up nice and slick, eyes shifting to the camera and teeth worried into his bottom lip before he lined up the toy with his tight hole and pushed inside slightly, wincing and groaning at the rough stretch. Even though he'd been doing shows every night, it had been a little while since he used a dildo, deciding his fingers will suffice and plus, it'll drive his daddies crazy until he decided to bring out the toys again. They all loved to wait in suspense because they know Louis always delivers.

"Nice and slow for me, baby.." Zayn said weakly because his dick is so hard and it almost aches as he slowly strokes and every time he graces the tip, he shivers and grips the arm of the chair tighter. "Wanna see you opening up.."

Louis nodded and it's all he could manage as his eyes shut and his jaw goes slack, pushing the thick toy inside his small toy and his walls clench around it desperately while his thighs tremble and shake and his hips roll upward into the contact. Suddenly, he pushed the dildo inside him a few inches at a time and he cries out, his hole throbbing, weeping, and desiring something so much more than a rubber cock to pleasure him. He wanted so bad to be fucked, to feel the weight of a sweat body holding him down while they split him open and call him a little bitch and covered his mouth to muffle his screams because he's so fucking loud. Zayn would do that for him... he needed Zayn to do that for him.

But for right now, he was doing this for Zayn and he knew his daddy loved it from the way his hand picked up speed, stroking his thick cock faster and the sounds of slapping skin came through his speakers. He pulled the dildo out of his hole and back in, picking up a good rhythm and trying to keep the moaning to a minimum but even he knew that was useless. Once he threw his head back and let the pleasure consume him, all was fair, even when Zayn roughly demanded for him to fuck himself harder in which Louis complied without a second thought. And when the tip of the dildo grazed against a bundle of nerves inside of him, his eyes flew open and he swore up to God, a whole new feeling of pleasure coursing through his veins, pouring into his blood system. It seemed to excite Zayn because he groaned for him to continue and he did, thrusting the dildo inside of him so hard that he slammed against his prostate and he let out the most pathetic boyish cries and he lifted his hips until his ass was so longer on the plush carpet, one hand holding him up, feet firmly on the ground, fucking himself harder with the toy but imagining it was Zayn on top of him, giving it to him so good that he shatters those bundled up nerves, feels as if he's going to burst any minute and...

He does. He comes untouched, ribbons of come decorating his stomach and he saw that he was breathing so hard that the bones of his ribs were showing on either side. He pulled the dildo out of him and dropped it to the ground as his body slumped, too, and he couldn't help the way his cheeks burned up all the way to the tips of his ears and he wanted nothing more than to shut the video off and bury himself until a million blankets because, fuck, that was the most embarrassing yet exhilarating thing he's ever experienced since starting this and he just came by slamming into his prostate for the first time and he's not sure what to do now, what to say.

Zayn, though, he loved it. Every second of it, watching Louis come undone in front of his very eyes and he comes hard in between the time that Louis comes and recovers, dropping back down to the floor. His hand and stomach are coated with white splotches but he collects it onto his finger tips and sucks all of it down until there was no traces left. He watches Louis and consumes his come until he finished and ready to talk. "You alright?"

"No," Louis laughed and