even though it was a lot smoother and tastier than the stuff she’d tried last night.

“One way to do it, I suppose,” Spike said dryly from beside her on the bed. “Works a spell better for relaxing if you sip it rather than inhaling it, though, I’d wager.”

Vague quips about doing things her own way flittered through her mind like dirty cobwebs, but none of them made it past her lips. She carefully set the wine glass down and got up to pace, looking around the lower level of the crypt like she’d never seen it before, even though she’d helped fix it up when they’d decided they needed a private little place of their own sometimes. Bookshelves, a dresser, a bunch of little end and coffee tables, mostly there to be solid surfaces for the candles. The walls were covered in an eclectic mix of posters, paintings, and tapestries, and the floor had a lot of soft, pretty rugs.

And then there was the bed. Big and reinforced – enough to handle whatever a vampire and a slayer could dish out, so far – with a headboard designed just right for sexy fun times with ropes and… things. The burgundy satin sheets were currently decorated with a yummy, naked vampire, stretched out and watching her with a predatory gleam in his eyes. It should have made her more nervous, but something about that look was weirdly reassuring. He did that little head tilt thing, and then, in a flash, he was up off the bed and walking towards her.

She thought he was going to hug her, maybe whisper quiet words of comfort in her ear. Instead, he grabbed her roughly by the arm and threw her face down onto the bed. He was on her before she could even react, straddling her hips and pressing down between her shoulder blades with one hand. The other was fisted in her hair, his knuckles digging into her scalp and fingers pulling steadily.

“Not chipped up anymore, Slayer,” he purr growled. “Remember?”

“Get off!” Buffy snapped, angry and confused.

And kind of turned on. God, the solid weight of him holding her down, pressing her into the sheets, his firm length cool and hard against her ass…. Damn it, Buffy, focus. She tried to get up and push him away, but the sheets were too slick, keeping her from getting enough leverage. Spike just laughed softly and leaned forward, burying his face behind her ear as he breathed in her scent. The soft puffs of air sent shivers through her body, tingling through her nipples and down towards her groin.

“Make me,” he whispered.

She froze and swallowed at the sound of his voice. He meant it. Either by overpowering him or using their safe word, if she wanted him off of her, she was going to have to force the issue. She was pissed off enough by whatever the hell he thought he was doing that she was seriously considering the violent option. If she could get some leverage, she could flip them over and…. The past suddenly overwhelmed her. One year and roughly three weeks ago, Spike underneath her, helpless and unable to stop her as she….

Her face was abruptly shoved down, cutting off her breathing for a moment before Spike yanked her head up a bit by her hair. “You listening to me, bitch?” he snarled.

The anger left her, along with the fear she’d been trying to suppress. She’d been telling herself over and over that this time was going to be different. They were both consenting and doing the ritual themselves, so it wouldn’t matter if she turned into an aggressive, crazy, psycho-bitch, because Spike knew what could happen and had already said yes. The thing she’d forgotten, though, was that this time, Spike wasn’t helpless. If she went too far, he could fight back. She’d needed that reminder, and he’d known it.

“Bitch, huh?” she repeated huskily, pulsing her hips to rub against him. “Is that why you have me in this position?”

“Like that, wouldn’t you?” He nibbled at her ear, trailing down to bite at her throat with blunt human teeth. “Arse up in the air like a dog while I fuck you senseless? That what you want, then?”

Oh, god, yes. The sound of his voice was an aphrodisiac, leaving her wet and aching with need. Enough with the damn foreplay, she needed him to…. He shifted, taking his weight off of her as his hands skimmed along her sides to rest on her hips and draw her up so she was resting on her chest and knees. And then…. Oh. Oh, god. She dug her fingers into the mattress and fought to keep her knees in place as he slid inside of her. He filled her completely from that angle, with a stretchy sort of pressure that had her panting and flushed with pleasure.

“Spike,” she cried out, unable to