can a person stop being himself? I don’t think any amount of polyjuice potion can do that.”

Lily couldn’t help but think then how frustrating it was that James could try to joke even when he was deeply disconcerted. But then he was always like this.

“But you know, even if the idea is completely preposterous I do try, Evans. I’ve been trying for the past 5 years. But no matter what I do or don’t do, I always end up looking like an idiot in front of you. No matter how I try and change what you think of me, it’s never enough. I can never get round your idea of how conceited and cocky and bloody pathetic I am because that’s all you’ve ever expected of me,” he curled his hands into fists, the frustration now clearly evident on his face, his entire body, “In fact, I think it’s safe to say that that’s all you’ll ever expect of me.”

“That’s...” She couldn’t form a single coherent thought.

In front of her, James was slightly shaking. He was unraveling like he never did before and here she was, stunned into silence, rooted on the spot with her hands sweating like they always did when she was on the verge of panic.

Because James never exploded like this.

Yes, they argued and bickered and spat at each other’s faces but they were angry with each other. Every row they had was because Lily was angry and irritated and annoyed and James was too proud to just let her insults slide. He would argue back and mock her and tease. Most of the times, he would end it by just chuckling at her and telling her how adorable she was when she her face was almost as fiery as her hair. Sometimes he would get angry too but he never gave the impression that Lily’s words hurt him. James Potter didn’t get hurt by Lily Evans. He never hurt— no matter how many insults and unkind words Lily flung at him. At least that was what Lily always told herself. But clearly that wasn’t the case now... maybe, she thought, it was never the case.

“Why?” James shook his head as he let out an unsteady breath, “Why do you despise me so much, Lily?”

She saw his jaw tighten as his he looked away from her, as if he couldn’t stand the sight of her.

Before Lily could think of an answer, James turned around and left the carriage, his body taut with tension. His slumped shoulders, his suddenly defeated expression— these shook Lily that day much more than if he had slammed the door at her face instead.

Lily was lost in the memory.

If someone told her at that moment that this friendship was possible, that she would one day be sitting in the library, planning patrol schedules with James Potter without the deep desire to hex every inch of him so that he could be shipped off to the hospital wing in a match box, that James could finally stand to be in the same room with her for more than a few minutes without freezing up like he’d been petrified, she would have told them to jump off the North tower. Or she would have jumped off the North tower herself for even considering the suggestion.

But here they were.

Her, still staring at the head boy as his quill scratched and skidded across the parchment and him, unfazed by her incessant gaze. He even seemed to be enjoying that— that she was watching him, studying his movements.

In fact, that’s all she ever found herself doing these days when there wasn’t anything better to do or when they were alone— looking at him, watching him. A few weeks after their fight, their worst row ever in fact, she sought him out to apologize. They never apologized to each other after their rows so she wondered why she was doing so at the time. But even she knew that this time was different. She knew somehow, that if she didn’t reach out, he would stay away. If she didn’t make the first step, he would keep avoiding her like she was covered in bubotuber pus topped with Professor Slughorn’s Friday surprise casserole.

And a part of her questioned why she didn’t just let him. This was what she always wanted, wasn’t it? For 6 years all she wanted was for James Potter to leave her alone. But now that he’s finally doing that, Lily found that maybe that wasn’t what she really wanted at all— didn’t really want James to completely cut himself off from her life. Only then did she realize how unfair she had been to James, how selfish she was. And that made it all the more difficult to apologize to him properly.

“So now that James finally stopped chasing you, you chase after him. Merlin, I love you both,” Marlene was practically in tears as she left the great hall.

Lily waited up for