he gets the news that Sirius Black is after him. He doesn’t know why everyone expects him to randomly run off and try to fight a mass murderer. Even Ron and Hermione seem to think that that’s the kind of thing that he would do. 

He also meets a dog. The first time he saw it, he thought he saw a shadow of wings behind the grim omen, but he’s petted it and fed it and it seems like a normal dog to him. Harry wonders if a dog counts as one of the pets that Hogwarts students are allowed to have. He doesn’t think so, but Ron still has his rat, and rats aren’t in the regulations either. 

That’s what he tells the dog, anyway. Then Sirius Black is seen breaking into the Boy’s Dormitory and the castle is thrown into an uproar. Harry is angry and scared, and also desperately wants to know why the Dementors are still here now that it is very obvious that they cannot keep Black out of the castle. 

The boggart is a bad day for everyone, and Harry is just as glad that class was canceled before they got to his turn. He knows what his bogart will resemble, and he doesn’t need people seeing what he will look like when he loses his last remaining feathers. He doesn’t need to see that. 

Harry likes Professor Lupin, even if he gets sick a lot. He wishes that Snape did not act as a substitute. He does not turn in the essay on werewolves. Anything that Snape wants him to write that badly very clearly does not need to be written. Ron agrees with him, and Hermione huffs at both of them and turns hers in anyway. It’s the work that matters, she says, not the teachers. Harry is glad that he didn’t turn his in, though. He doesn’t think that Professor Lupin was very fond of that assignment. 

Time flies, and so does his brand new broom, right into the Whomping Willow. He hears the screams again, and he feels so cold. His wings are useless lumps as he plummets towards the ground. After Christmas, Professor Lupin offers to teach Harry the Patronus charm, and Harry jumps at the chance.
Professor Lupin offers a bogart to practice against, but Dementors are not Harry’s worst fear. 

“No?” Asks the professor. 

“No,” admits Harry, shamefaced. “A Dementor’s Kiss is not my worst nightmare.” He doesn’t understand the expression that flickers across Professor Lupin’s face and hides in his eyes. They keep practicing anyway, though Harry still cannot produce more than a wisp. Lupin still offers Harry chocolate after each lesson, even though Harry pointed out that he doesn’t need to. 

“You’re a growing boy, Harry,” says Lupin. “Of course you need chocolate.”

Life has a way of changing all of a sudden, and Harry is almost bursting with hope. His godfather is innocent! His godfather wants him! The previous summer with the Dursley’s will be his last time with them. But the hope slips from his grasp, splinters and falls and breaks apart like the broom that Sirius gave him. 

His last sight of his godfather is him waving from Buckbeak’s back, his wings stretched to their fullest. Sirius’s wings had been so dirty when Harry had first seen them, his feathers all gathered in patches, glossy spots with large empty spans where more grew in every time Harry and Remus looked at him. It had been so beautiful, Harry thought, seeing his love leave a mark. He holds that memory close to his heart. It will, Harry thinks, make a Patronus strong enough to repel all of the Dementors of Azkaban. 

Harry hates Severus Snape. He had disliked the vulture wearing a man’s form before, but now he hates him. An accident, that now the entire school knows that Lupin is a werewolf. Harry snorts. As as accidental as asking a group of first years seventh year material and blaming them for not knowing. As accidental as having a group of third years write on the best ways of killing werewolves, more like.

He had begged Remus to stay, him and Hermione and Ron adding their pleas to the hundreds of other students that knew the type of DADA professor they were going to get the year after a particularly competent one. Dumbledore never made the same mistake twice in a row, after all. 

But Remus refused to stay, guilty about missing his potion dose and worried about how Sirius was doing now that he was out of Azkaban. He finished out the year and walked Harry to the train station, his wings held high. 

Looking at Remus waving at him through the window of the Hogwarts Express, Harry could not help but compare his wings to the first time that he had seen them, his feathers faded and ragged and hanging on anyway. Harry had not noticed, the change had been so gradual, but feathers now covered all of his wingspan, chocolate brown softly shining in the morning light. There were