know."

"What are we going to do?"

They stayed silent for a few minutes. The silence was never awkward with them, but the tension surrounding the innocent question was more than enough to make Draco feel tense. He didn't really have much to loose after all. Privacy didn't exist when his father is who he is, his friends were all acquainted with Harry so that wasn't an issue, as for the whole "disappointing his father" thing? Well, he wasn't so sure that was much of an issue anymore.

"Okay." He answered after thinking it over.

"Okay?"

"No more hiding," Draco answered. He turned back to Harry, their eyes interlocked, jade green met silver mercury once more as the sense of security surrounded them.

Harry stood up, he grabbed Draco's hand, pulling him up with him.

"No more hiding," he repeated.

They intertwined their fingers, a faint blush on both their faces as they stepped back into the castle. The halls were empty, most students were in the Great Hall for the Yule Ball or already in their dorms. Either way, they didn't care. The surreal emotion washing over them like a tidal wave as they walked towards the Ravenclaw tower hand in hand.

Once inside the common room, Draco lead him towards his room. A few stragglers were around but paid no attention to the blushing boys. Draco stopped in front of his dorm room, he pushed the door open and checked for his roommates before letting Harry enter, casting a locking and silencing spell.

Harry walked over to his blushing boyfriend, he brushed his blond fringe from his face, tucking the hair behind his ear. The Gryffindor rested his finger on the other's cheekbone before moving it over Draco's lip, tracing it with his thumb before gently tugging the bottom of his lip down.

Draco's blush would have been more evident if it weren't for the dim lighting in his room — courtesy of his roommate Terry who has sensitive eyes and charmed the lights to a soft glow. The window was also opened, allowing the milky twilight to cast a glow over his ivory skin. He placed a trembling hand on Harry's hip, pulling him closer to him. Their bodies pressed together as Harry wrapped his arms around Draco's shoulders.

They leaned in, Harry fluttered his eyes closed and Draco's heart leaped before he followed suit and closed the distance between them. Harry's head was tilted to the side, his thick lashes tickling Draco's cheek as they exchanged open mouth kisses. The Gryffindor licked his bottom lip, Draco getting the hint, allowed his boyfriend's tongue access. Draco tasted like strawberry liquor and cherry soda. His lips were soft, opposite of Harry's chapped lips. Harry's tongue was a mixture of tangy grape wine and chocolate fondue. Draco couldn't help but indulge in the taste of Harry Potter.

As much as Draco wanted to die kissing Harry Potter — death by not breathing due to snogging his boyfriend wasn't really on his to-do list for the night. He hesitantly pulled away, chuckling at Harry's pout.

He grabbed his boyfriend's hand, leading him to his bed. Harry looked over at him, a questioning twinkle in his eyes before he laid on top of Draco's silk sheets. Draco bit his lip before he slipped off his shoes and crawled on top of Harry. Their noses brushed against each other before Harry grabbed his boyfriend by the collar and pulled him in for a rough kiss.

It was mostly tongue and teeth clashing. Harry would pull away for a few seconds to catch his breath before going back and pulling on the other's bottom lip with his teeth. He moved his lips towards Draco's neck, nibbling on the pale skin, sending shivers down Draco's spine. The blond ran his hands over his boyfriend's sides, tugging at the shirt and untucking it.

Harry pulled away from Draco's neck and admired the bite marks on his skin. He then grabbed the Ravenclaw's jaw and tilted him so they were facing each other.

"I want you so badly." The Gryffindor whispered, his voice as smooth as the sheets beneath them. "Emotionally and physically, Draco."

The Ravenclaw swallowed anxiously before nodding, "allow me."

With that, Draco gently straddles his partner's hips. He removed his shirt, avoiding the buttons and leaned down to do the same with Harry. Once both their shirts were off, Draco pressed a kiss on his boyfriend's chest. He moved away and lowered himself back to hovering over Harry. His fingertips were ghosting over the olive skin beneath him as he pressed butterfly kisses on Harry's torso with sweet compliments that made the ruby tint on his cheeks even more bright.

Draco experimented with his tongue, tracing over every curve on Harry's body. He wanted to remember the way his back arched when he kissed his navel or the way he groaned when Draco tugged gently on his earlobe with his teeth