couple of times, trying to remember the last time they saw each other, the last time they touched. It was far too long ago. His fingers are itching for John's skin.

"Hi," he says, studying John's mouth and John's lips. They seem to be moving.

"Hey Rodney." John steps aside to let him into the apartment. "Do you know what time it is?"

"Um." Rodney checks his wristwatch. There are numbers on it but they don't seem to make any sense. "Morning?" Then something significantly more important dawns on him. "You're not wearing any clothes."

"I just got out of the shower," John says, and Rodney can see that, can see the damp curls of his chesthair, how it tapers off into a V and then creeps down underneath the edge of the towel. He wants to stroke his fingers over it, to follow the dark trail downwards.

"Did you finish the novel or are you still stuck?" John asks, closing the front door.

"I'm going to get a cabin," Rodney says, leaning against the wall in John's hall. His eyes seem to have slid shut on their own accord. "With nature and nature-y things. A moose maybe. No pencils. Do you want to live there with me and have lots of sex?"

John chuckles. "Still stuck then. When did you last sleep?"

"Lots and lots of sex," Rodney mumbles.

He can almost hear John's smile, and then Johns hands are on his shoulders, steering him out of the hall and into the bedroom. "Jeez, McKay, you couldn't have cleaned up a little? I thought Laura made sure to hose you down every couple of days."

"Huh?" Rodney sniffs his armpit and winces. Ouch, that's bad. He remembers considering a shower yesterday but something must've gotten in the way.  Possibly that passage in the middle of chapter six that still refuses to work in present tense. But if he changes it, he's going to have to change the rest of the book to match, and he can't cut it out because if he does, nothing will make sense.

Rodney blinks. When he opens his eyes again, he's lying on his back on John's narrow bed and John is in the progress of removing his shoes. He's wearing clothes now, something that fills Rodney with sadness. John shouldn't wear clothes ever. When they get their cabin, he'll make John be naked all the time. Rodney will be naked too, of course.

"We'll be naked," he explains to John, because it seems important that John knows this. Maybe it'll be a little cold, especially in the winter, but they can keep each other warm.

"That sounds great, buddy," John answers in that half-amused, half-patient tone of his. "Why don't you take a little nap? You were up all night again, weren't you?"

"Hm...maybe? Laura went home. She said I had sucked away her will to live. Do you think cats and moose go together? Newton will need someone to play with while we're having all the sex."

John leans over him and brushes their lips together, so softly it's barely there. Rodney lifts his head to get more contact, smelling soap and clean skin and John. It's so good that suddenly it doesn't matter that his writing career is over. He has John. As long as he has John, he doesn't need books. It's one of the fundamental forces in his life, something that can't be explained in any other way. Gravitation, he thinks. A force unto itself, as yet inexplicable but still so powerful, drawing them relentlessly towards one another.

"Get some sleep, Rodney," John whispers against his lips. "Turn that big brain of yours off for a while."

Then he pulls away and that's wrong, they need to stay in orbit around each other and Rodney reaches out and manages to grab a fistful of John's shirt. "Stay," he mumbles.

He can feel a slight hesitation, but then John joins him on the bed, slides up to sit against the headboard so Rodney can rest his head on his bony thigh. It's not the best pillow in the world, but it's John, the mass Rodney finds himself gravitating towards no matter what. That's how he falls asleep, with John's thumb stroking his neck.

* * *

When Rodney wakes up he's alone in the bed, but he can hear the sound of the percolator from the kitchen. He rolls over and yawns. According to his watch, it's almost two o'clock in the afternoon. He must've slept for several hours and the world makes sense again, mostly. When he sits up