felt himself getting hard as Light fidgeted and squirmed on his lap.  Light was so fun to frustrate, and he almost wished he could hold out longer, but even L had his limits.  He stopped fooling around and quickly finished his cake.

Now to get down to business.  L looked at Light, flushed and panting and needy, and the white and pink strawberry maid outfit only made him look more adorable.  But as much as he enjoyed seeing Light wear the maid outfit, he enjoyed seeing him without any clothes even more.

He leaned over, gave Light a quick kiss, then pushed him away.

Light looked back at him, questioning.

“Take off your clothes and get up on the table.”

“Are you kidding?  Do you have any idea how long it took me to put this corset on?”  Light complained.  

“Oh.  Well, if you’re tired we can always resume this another day.”

Light looked worried for a moment and hastily started undoing buttons and unlacing strings.

“That’s what I thought,”  L said smugly.

Light pouted and fumbled with the ties on the corset.  “Why did you make me wear it if you’re not even going to be the one to take it off?”

L sat on the chair and gave Light a cute I-am-of-course-not-messing-with-you-just-to-be-a-jerk grin.  “Hmm. maybe next time.  I enjoy watching you take it off, you know.”

Light blushed, turned around, and coyly glanced over his shoulder as he dropped the corset to the ground and started seductively removing the blouse.

Then he bent over and slowly started rolling down the thigh high stockings.

L’s breath hitched.  Oh, yes, from this angle he had a perfect view of Light’s perfect round ass, temptingly covered by strawberry print panties.  He noticed Light slow down as he pulled the stocking off over a finely arched foot.  Damn, L thought as Light gave him another coy smile that was almost calculating.  

“You can leave the garter on, Light,”  L managed to choke out.

Light threw one of the stockings at him, and it landed next to him on the chair.  He picked it up daintily between two fingers.  It smelled faintly of Light and strawberry perfume.

Then Light removed the skirt and started shimmying out of the panties.  L admired the smooth, flawless, hairless skin underneath.  He had been annoyed at first when Light demanded that he pay for the waxing, but it turned out to definitely be a good investment on his part.  It had even been worth listening to Light whine and complain about how painful it had been.

Light crawled up onto the table, lifted his ass up into the air and shook it. He looked over his shoulder to give L a heated glance.

L felt his mouth go dry.  “Light,” he said, trying to keep his voice even.  “Turn over onto your back so I can see you better.”

Light complied, moving fluidly.  He lifted his legs and arched his hips, putting everything on display.

L approached the table.  He admired the view spread out before him.  Light was perfectly shaped, and pre-come was already leaking from his erect penis.  L placed his hand on one shapely leg, and slowly spread his lover’s legs even more.  Light was simply divine.

L ran his tongue lightly over the arch of Light’s foot.  Light shivered in anticipation.

Then L took out the lube.  It was strawberry flavored and special ordered in large quantities. He drizzled it generously over Light’s genitals, then paused to admire his work.

x

Light gasped as the cold lube hit his throbbing, heated cock.  He needed so much more, and L was still standing there, being a tease and kneading and licking at his foot.  Then L moved farther down, pausing to lick behind his knee and along his thigh until he was breathing on Light’s erect penis. And darting his tongue out to gently lick Light’s balls.

Light inhaled sharply as L moved his tongue and ran it slowly along the underside of his shaft, from base to tip.   His hands clenched as L’s tongue started circling the tip.

“Oh, L, yes!”  Light cried out as L slowly started enveloping his engorged cock with that wonderful warm wet mouth of his.  “Ngh!”  Light could feel L’s tongue expertly curl around his shaft and move.

“Oh, L, I need more!”  Light panted as he wrapped his legs around L’s head, and pressed up into that wonderful mouth, as L’s skilled tongue relentlessly continued caressing his cock.

L hummed and vibrated his tongue.

“Oh, shit!”  Light exclaimed, as he felt the waves of pleasure building into uncontrollable ecstasy.  

“L, I’m going to-” Light gasped out.  L merely quickened the pace with his tongue.

“Oh, L!” Light screamed as he came.

x

 

L swallowed, and paused to gaze at his lover.  He loved seeing Light become