out quickly. 



Deidara was sure this man could probably hear his heart beating in his chest, could hear the symphonies playing in his head just looking at him.



“No thank you. How much have you had to drink tonight, sir?” The man asked, looking even more tired than before. His eyes were squinted slightly again, as he look Deidara up and down the way the woman before had. He took in the empty drink in front of him, and the full one in his hand. 



“Oh don’t worry about that, I had plenty before I came here.” Deidara said with a laugh, misunderstanding the question. He did want more though…



Deidara put his chin in his hand, trying to read the nametag the man was wearing. This one didn’t seem like it was written in one of those chalk pens, but rather a sharpie. It was still written on the same black background though, and Deidara really wished he could see what it said.



“Can I get 

you

 a drink?” The redhead asked, holding his tray of dirty dishes of to the side of his hip.



Deidara smiled even more brightly at that and laughed loudly. His face wasn’t red, or at least he hoped it wasn’t.



“Yeah of course you can, sweetheart.” Deidara said, trying to wink at the redhead in front of him.



“Alright. It’s going to be water.” The man said without hesitation, he didn’t move his eyes from Deidara’s. Deidara laughed again in response. Oh so it was going to be 

water

.



“Yeah? Water? Sure, go ahead and get me some 

water

.” Deidara said happily.



The busser didn’t hesitate, turning around and making his way to the back of house behind the bar. For the moment he was able to, Deidara enjoyed the vision he was given of the other’s backside. It was a cute ass, he wasn’t disappointed. Deidara assumed he was dumping his dishes back there, and was happy to see him come back out and grab something from behind the bar, filling a cup with it. He brought it back to Deidara quickly, not stopping at any other tables along the way.



“Here.” The man said simply.



“Thanks, beautiful.” Deidara said trying to wink again. Swallowing quickly, Deidara spat out the drink instantly. The drink didn’t land on the busser, but rather in the air off to the side of him. For Deidara’s own sake, it was good his spit take hadn’t hit anyone in the bar.



“What the hell is this?!” Deidara yelled, looking at his cup and bringing his eyebrows together. “Is this really just fucking water?”



The redhead might have smirked at that, for just a moment, and Deidara’s heart felt like it was soaring. But as soon at the smile was there, it was gone.



“Yes, it’s really just water. What did you think it would be?” He asked.



“I don’t know, anything but real water. Like, vodka or something?” Deidara said with a loud sigh. He wasn’t feeling so good suddenly… Maybe he should actually take a drink of the water.



“Just drink it. It’s not going to hurt you, no one wants you to die here.”



Deidara took a hesitant swallow of the water this time, half believing it was going to turn into something else in that moment. It really was just water though, as far as he could tell. Although, it was incredibly unlikely someone working at this bar was going to try to slip something into his drink.



“Where’s your bathroom?” Deidara asked, without thinking about why he was asking. The man frowned.



“Behind you, down the hall to the right.” He said quietly. 



Deidara was pretty sure he nodded in response, and headed down the hall to puke up half of what was left in his stomach.



When he came back to the table he didn’t feel any more sober than when he had left, just about five times grosser. He had cleaned himself up in the bathroom and everything.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



The next morning Sasori wasn’t the first opener there. Most of the employees at Bunraku owned a set themselves. It had been Granny Chiyo’s policy since opening if she didn’t trust someone enough to have the keys to the door, they weren’t going to be allowed to serve in her bar. The majority of people who worked there went to the college nearby, this just helped to get them a few extra dollars in their downtime between classes.



For Sasori, it was the bar his family owned. It meant something to him. He didn’t want to waste his life away working for it, or even inherit some big business he was going to die in but, he did have a few memories here with his family he didn’t want to have to part with. Especially with how it would probably just be lost to some big property