-Gil, enthralled by his talent and besotted with his cool persona. To watch him skate all day long would be bliss, and knowing that they’d be facing off, in reality, made his heart race with excitement. Of course, it was easy to tell that his feelings were far from reciprocated. The Korean boy seemed to care very little about what was going on around him, and whether that was due to competition nerves or it simply being part of his personality was uncertain. All JJ knew was in that moment, he felt very unimportant, but it didn’t change his opinion on Seung-Gil;  that he was one of the greatest skaters his age he’d ever seen. He was utterly fascinating.

“Oh, of course!” he played along, faking a smile, “We’re more like rivals, aren’t we?”

Seung-Gil’s bushy eyebrows narrowed.

“Okay, but listen!” JJ insisted as he gave a nod, “Friends always say ‘Good luck! Do your best!’, but rivals are always pushing you to be even better. Not just your best, but the best. Thanks, Seung-Gil!” He wasn’t sure if it all made sense outside his adolescent mind, but the Canadian boy felt like he had a point. He was convinced that things turned out this way for the best. If Seung-Gil really became his friend, it would have hindered his ability to concentrate and be worthy competition.

He rose from the bench, skates in hand, and began to retreat to the rink’s exit doors. As much as he wanted to leave and not look back, he couldn’t resist stealing a glance at Seung-Gil’s messy black hair, the bright colours of the South Korean flag on his jacket, his thumb gliding across the screen of his phone like he hadn’t a care in the world. 

"Tu illumines mon coeur," JJ spoke airily, not expecting his voice to be heard.

“Hm?” murmured the older boy,  turning from his gadget to face him, “What does that mean?”

JJ felt his cheeks warm ever so slightly, but he knew he had to remain calm. It was bad enough that he had nervous thoughts about the competition swirling about his mind. He didn’t need to grossly embarrass himself right before the Grand Prix Final.

A telltale smirk stretched across his lips, one that the thirteen-year-old thought would be suitable for a rival. “It means ‘I’m gonna kick your ass!’” He couldn’t help but chuckle. Had his parents been around, he would have got a stern talking to for using such a word.

“Oh, well, in that case, tu … illumines … mon coeur, too,” replied the Korean. “I guess we’ll find out who’s telling the truth tomorrow, hmm?”

“That’s right! Bonne nuit, Seung-Gil!” he called out cheerfully before leaving the door behind him. He could feel his heart pounding through his chest. Nobody had to know what he really said. 

For years, nobody did.

In countries where other languages dominated, he could speak with no filter when it came to Seung-Gil. He could compliment him on how dashing he looked in his costumes, how impressed he was by how tall he was getting, how his eyes shimmered like onyx under the stadium’s fluorescent lights. Naturally, JJ disguised all of this as series of taunts. Seung-Gil cracked a hint of a smile when he was teased. Okay, it was only a couple of times, and definitely more of a devilish smirk, but JJ figured that he could dream. Even as time passed and they crossed paths in more competitions than he could count, he still hoped to see a real smile from him.

“Tu illumines mon coeur!”  he would call out with a smile before the Korean took to the ice.

He would repeat it back, the pronunciation perfected in the many years they’d known each other.

One day, at nineteen,  Jean-Jacques Leroy found himself at the Rostelecom Cup.

After already having earned a gold medal at Skate Canada, he was poised to take home the year’s Grand Prix Championship. It was something that really seemed possible, now that  Victor Nikiforov was off the skating scene, at least as a competitor. JJ would be entering the rink as a strong favourite, with an undeniable global presence, an unyielding fanbase, a trademark catch phrase and even a theme song. He knew his routine like the back of his hand. He had nailed every step sequence and jump in practice, even each of his quads. He could practically smell his victory in the changing rooms, as he spoke to the press, as he smiled lovingly at his parents-come-coaches. This was going to be his day. His year.  He was certain that he would secure victory in today’s skate, and then do it all again the Barcelona Grand Final. After all, he was the infamous King JJ, the