the pieces. "So it would seem. This is a problem for which even I cannot conceive of a solution."

"What problem is that?" Clearly, they are no longer talking about chess. The earlier conclusion returns to Ciel's mind, the thought that these pieces are so like his own life that even the notion raises an unpleasant chill in the air.

"Do you know what this is, young master?" Sebastian asks, gesturing to the configuration of pieces on the board.

There's no point in playing coy. "This household."

Sebastian's smile widens. "No, not this household."

"Then what?"

"You, young master. This," Sebastian tells him, motioning to the king, "is a most accurate representation of yourself. You control a kingdom of servants and pawns, and yet have no power of your own. I understand many things, but I cannot comprehend how you have survived all the many pieces around you. The bishops, rooks, pawns and the Queen herself each pose a threat, and yet you endure."

"Explain."

Not bothering to question the order, Sebastian sweeps a hand across the board and knocks the pieces out of the way with surprising neatness. In an instant, the black king is replaced. "You," he explains, "in all your independence."

Two pawns are placed on the board, one close to the king and other at a distant corner. "The Grim Reapers we occasionally encounter." A rook is placed central to all of these, three spaces away from the king. "Our friend, the Undertaker."

Ciel watches, shifting in his chair but not commenting on the demonstration.

More pawns are added to the board. "Those who destroyed your family and humiliated you so memorably."

Sitting back, Ciel frowns. "Pawns for them?"

"Have they ever proven themselves more?" his demon asks. "For all your many trials and tribulations, that which troubles you most is surprisingly insignificant when you consider your life as a whole."

Silence as thick as London fog. Ciel has no response to what is most likely a challenge from the man before him. Irritated but without adequate recourse, all Ciel can say is, "Continue."

"The other associates you have in the darker corners of your business endeavors, the evil noblemen," Sebastian explains, setting down a bishop and a rook. Another pawn is added, quickly accompanied by a knight. "Prince Soma and the ever-vigilant Agni."

Surely, that can't be right. Ciel starts, "But they aren't—"

"Every task you are given by Queen Victoria," Sebastian says, ignoring the interruption. He places the other bishop on an empty space. A knight soon joins it, sitting by its side. "And the well-meaning Chief Inspector Abberline."

"You think these people are against me?" Ciel questions. "Abberline is harmless. And the Queen has no interest in doing something that might damage my ability to work for her."

Sebastian turns a piercing stare on the boy. He places the last of the white pawns, not bothering to check their placement. "Your staff, the indefatigable Bard, MeyRin and Finny."

"Sebastian," Ciel complains, "your insistence on using our allies as part of this is flawed."

"Is it?" Sebastian questions. "Young master, for every goal you set out to achieve, they are your tools. All of your allies are nothing more than advantages to be exploited and they, of their own accord, may get in your way even without desiring to do so. How often have they proved to be obstacles to your success? Bard, blowing up the kitchen in his desperate crusade to prepare lunch. The Chief Inspector, with his inability to keep his nose planted firmly in his own affairs. Even your own family, if you do not recall the difficulties involving Mada-"

"Enough," Ciel barks, cutting him off. "You've made your point."

Sebastian smiles once more, serene as always. His brown eyes glint with the slightest hint of red, the only suggestion that his thoughts are anything but mundane. "Do you understand yet, young master?"

"Where are you in all of this, then?" Ciel asks, avoiding the question.

"I would think that is obvious, young master," Sebastian replies quietly. " I remain exactly where I have always been."

The last piece, the white queen, is placed directly next to the black king. Checkmate. Almost.

Behind a haze of ash-black fringe, the seal in the earl's eye is nearly glowing as well. "Are you saying you'll betray me, Sebastian?"

The butler's smirk widens almost imperceptibly. "Of course not. That is part of our contract, is it not? I believe you instructed me to never betray you, leave you, or lie to you."

"Then shouldn't you be the black queen?"

"No."

"No?"

"I have faithfully honored each and every provision in our contract, my young master," Sebastian murmurs. "In