's weakness. Nick Fucking Grimshaw now knew just how to make Louis so vulnerable he could very well snap his sanity in half. It's a sad day in Hell when your enemy (Louis doesn't hate Nick, it's just that... He afraid.) knows how to bring you to your knees.

Harry continued on quickly,"I'm going home for a few days, and you're gonna stay with Nick so he can help, just in case you... Just in case."

A wave of exhaustion crashed over Louis, and he, with no care for Nick or what he saw, tucked himself securely into the crook of Harry's body, relenting with a small, tired,"Okay. 'M gonna sleep now."

And sleep he did, restless as it was.

--//--//--

Nick sat just next to Louis on his bed, slightly leaning over the sleeping boy, watching his face as it shifted with his dreams.

It was absolutely crazy that Louis could be this beautiful when asleep, and only become more beautiful when awake (even if his snarky attitude diluted the shine of his smile a bit).

In fact, it was LOUdicrous! Nick was chuckling at his own (admittedly shit) joke when his phone rang.

"Nick, is he awake yet?"

Smiling softly, Nick lifted a hand and ran it through Louis's fringe, murmuring,"No, the precious pop star is yet to awaken from his slumber, calm your nipples, Harold. How's Cheshire?"

There was the sound of a scream in the background, and then Harry's dorky laugh filled the silence around Nick, who was dying to know what was happening. "Gemma-" another scream followed by more laughing,"-Gemma's rolled up in- In- The spiderweb!"

It was times like these when Nick wished he was on the phone with someone, anyone else.

A distant sounding, female voice yelled,"Harry! Get me out of here!" and Nick snorted when seal noises (Harry) burst through the earpiece on his phone, accompanied by clapping, but then Nick's attention was drawn back to Louis when the lad shifted.

Looking down, Nick jumped. Eyes bluer than freshwater seas were directed straight at him, and he'd be damned if his heart didn't stutter.

Not flutter, stutter. Nick was a man. A manly man. Manly men's hearts don't flutter.

"Why hello, pup." Nick said, cheerily enough as Louis' eyes darted to the phone then back to Nick.

When Nick only continued staring, a bit confused, Louis huffed and pointed at the phone.

So Nick was getting the silent treatment then.

Louis glared and held out his hand, looking pointedly at the phone.

Oh.

Rolling his eyes, Nick handed over the phone, muttering,"I guess I'm not good enough to hear the 'Royal' speak."

With a winning smile and sparkling eyes, Louis croaked,"No, you're not." then he cleared his throat and began trying to get Harry's attention.

Nick sat there for a second, affronted by Louis' matter-of-fact nature, then he shook his head and smiled a bit, scooting off his bed, a bed in which Louis Tomlinson had invaded, and going to make a cuppa.

His wounded ego needed it.

--//--//--

Louis was on the verge of screaming into the receiver. Harry wasn't fucking listening! "Harry, I can't do thi-", Harry interrupted,"Listen, Lou, Grimmy'll be good to you, yeah? Just try and get to know him, you'll survive. I'll be gone for the rest of the week, and maybe some of the next." Louis curled into a ball on the (Nick's) bed and whimpered,"Hazza..."

A soft sound filtered through the phone, and Louis could practically taste Harry's next words, his voice shaking as he hurried to veto the idea,"No! You're staying there, okay? Okay. Okay. Yeah, I suppose I could... I could put up with that drooping quiff for a week or..." Louis laughed half-heartedly,"Or two, yeah, okay. Are you having fun Haz?" Louis didn't need to see Harry to know that he was worrying his lower lip, a little crease in his chin. Yup, Louis is just that good. It was a few seconds later that Harry replied, murmuring on a sigh,"Yeah, it's really great to be back home... I love you, Lou. Don't forget, yeah?"

Even as his stomach began twisting with the realization that Harry really wasn't going to actually be around for the next week (or two), Louis sighed loudly and lightened the mood with a joke,"Never, dearest Harold, now go be a nuisance to your mother and leave me be."

The smile could be heard quote clearly in his voice.

By the time they had said their goodbyes, with multiple promise of 'I'll text you 'till