“Err, a cup of tea is good. It’s kind of gross out.” You’re losing your professional tone, Kouki! “I mean, the rain from yesterday brought murky weather.”

Once that was out of the way, Kouki went to work and opened the catalog to the settings page.

“You should probably start with this.” He fumbled in his bag for a pencil and paper and placed it on the table. “I’m not the best artist, but my sketching shouldn’t be too terrible.”

Akashi gazed at each panel, eyes studying every one carefully. At least this time he seemed as though he was paying attention. Yesterday when he had returned to the shop, Akashi appeared to have absolutely no interest, and he was the one trying to design something entirely unique.

As he scanned each one, his expression never changed. Panic had potential right now, and Kouki was praying to the gods something would somehow attract him. They had to at least get past this part, or everything else would be completely pointless. There would be no reason to carry on.

The waitress brought their beverages, and he was still sorting through them. There weren’t a lot to choose from, but it was enough for one to take their time. Yet, Akashi was painstakingly slow, and it was only making Kouki more anxious. What if he didn’t find anything? If he didn’t, this was the end, and he would fail at a sale. Something he had never wanted to see happen.

Guess there was a first time for everything, even if he didn’t want there to be.

“This one will do,” Akashi finally decided.

Kouki reviewed his choice and wanted to cry, and would have if something else hadn’t caught his eye. Aside from the obvious reason, it was a thicker band than the usual. But there was nothing wrong with that. Perhaps she just had wider hands. Everyone was different, and this was to be unique.

“Very good.” No, not really. He was cringing internally. Why had he selected that one out of them all? “The first part is done. Now what about the gemstones?”

Akashi turned the page, and began to sort through the stones. But his attention wasn’t with him. Once more, he seemed bored about the whole ordeal, and Kouki was certain this time he would cry. Were they supposed to do one part a day because Akashi lost interest that quickly? This was going to take forever.

He suddenly paused, glancing down at his watch.

“I’m afraid we will have to cut this short. I’m due back in ten minutes.”

Kouki frowned, he should have known. “I work tomorrow, so you can always come in, and we can try again.”

“I don’t wish to take all your time, Furihata. I have taken up enough in having you meet me today.”

Kouki shrugged. “It doesn’t matter.” And really it didn’t because he never thought work would bring him so close to the person he admired. “I’m more than happy to help, so whatever works for you, Akashi-san.”

“Then, I suppose we can arrange another time when you have it. I will make sure to place more aside from my hectic schedule.”

“That sounds good. Did you have any day in mind?”

Akashi paused, and then pulled a pen from his pocket. Jotting something quickly down onto a corner of the sketch, he passed it back to him.

Glancing at it, Kouki ripped it off. “Ah, thank you, but I was going to give the sketch to you to hold onto. Just in case you had any ideas before we meet up again.”

He then wrote on another corner, and passed it back to Akashi.

“It might be easier this way.”

Akashi pocketed the sketch. “I do hope this doesn’t take up much of your time, Furihata.”

“I’ll just be happy when we find you the perfect ring for them.”

“They will appreciate it, and I’ll be sure to tell them of all your assistance.”

Akashi then rose. “I will let you know when I’m available, and we will see if it agrees with your schedule.”  

“I’ll be waiting.”

He wanted to bang his head on the table. Did that sound too yearning, or what? Why couldn’t he just simply say okay? Thankfully Akashi didn’t take notice of his poor choice of wording, since they were exchanging partings.

Until, he noticed Kouki hadn’t moved.

“Ah, I’m going to stay here for a bit. Thank you for the tea.”

Akashi adjusted his coat, collecting his briefcase from the booth.

“If you wish to order anything else, feel free to. I will take care of it.”

Kouki went to decline, but Akashi was already walking toward the exit. He was stuck staring at the vacant spot across him,