and wraps it once around her hand. As always, it makes a rather handy leash, and she uses it to pull him into her small office and away from prying eyes.

She locks the door behind them, giving him just enough time to ask what she’s doing before she tugs him down into a frantic kiss. He stumbles for a moment, his mind not quite processing what’s going on until she reaches between them and begins rubbing the heel of her hand against him. He quickly catches on and stops arguing, his cane dropping to the floor as he kisses her back with enthusiasm.

He fumbles with the buttons on her shirt, plucking them open one by one until cool air brushes against her warm skin. The front clasp of her bra gives him a bit more trouble, though he always did have a hard time with those. She can hardly fault him for it, given the state he’s in.

When he manages to free her breasts and cups them in his warm hands, she leans into the touch desperately, moaning against his lips. She bites his lip without meaning to as she scrambles to loosen his tie and undo his own buttons, but he hardly seems to mind. He makes handling his buttons, belt and zipper terribly difficult, with the way he thrusts his tongue into her mouth, seeking out every sensitive place. The damned man is trying to drive her mad. But finally, she manages to free him of just enough of his clothing, greedily running her hands over soft, hot flesh.

She only notices that he’s managed to get her panties halfway down when she nearly trips over her own feet as she backs up. She manages to get them off without knocking them both over more through luck than anything else. With that barrier gone, she guides him backwards toward the desk, shoving a few things aside to make room. She is so desperate for his touch, to feel him inside her, that she barely cares that a few books get shoved out of the way in the midst of it all.

She hops up onto the edge of the desk, immediately wrapping her arms and legs around him, kissing him frantically and trying to fuse their very skin together. His careful, precise spinner’s hands find their way between their bodies, rubbing slowly at her clit with far more care than they’ve managed so far. She tamps down a moan as she sucks his lower lip into his mouth. She buries her fingers in his soft hair, alternately rubbing his scalp and tugging at it, desperate for more.

After several minutes of rocking her hips against his hand, she finally loses what little patience she has. She scoots a few inches back on the table, so that he can use it for stability without hurting his bad leg. Their eyes meet for a moment, everything quiet and still, and he gives her that little droopy-eyed, helpless smile that always manages to make her feel more loved than even the most extravagant of words. Then in a flash, he seals his mouth over hers and thrusts into her in one long stroke.

She moans against his lips, barely caring about keeping quiet anymore. He leans her back until she’s lying across the desk. Without breaking the kiss, he shucks off his jacket and bundles it up, tucking it beneath her head as a pillow. She tugs hard on his hair as she wraps her legs high around his waist, silently demanding that he move. He takes the message, and within a few thrusts they’ve found a rythym. He somehow manages to sneak his arms between their bodies without her even noticing until his long fingers are circling mercilessly at her clit again. His other hand finds her breast, stroking and kneading as he uses every trick he has to drive her out of her mind.

Soon he moves on to her neck, nibbling and sucking at her pulse point. As the pleasure grows, she fights harder and harder to keep her cries quiet, whimpering and holding her breath and biting her lip so hard she fears she might bleed. As he drives her on to the precipice, her fingers claw at his shirt, clutching at the fabric in desperation. “Rumple!” she breaths, praying it comes out as only a whisper. He kisses her again, sealing his lips over hers just in time to muffle her scream as she comes. She clings to him tightly, desperately, rocking against him as she rides out every last wave of pleasure that pulses through her body.

When she finally manages to open her eyes again, she finds him smirking at her. Smirking at her like he’s won some kind of game, like this whole encounter was his idea. That simply cannot be allowed to stand.

She reaches down with both hands and grabs his ass, pulling him into her hard as she arches up into him. She takes full advantage of his strangled cry to kiss him, sucking on the tip of his tongue. After her own climax she can still barely breathe, but it’s worth it for the way he frantically pounds into her until he comes as well, nearly