, honey, you brought food:  my favourite!"  She cleared a space on the very end of her desk.  "Come on in, pull up your chair.  You can eat here, and the garbage can is right there."

Hotch obediently manoeuvred into his assigned dining space and scanned the screens around the room:  two were still looping through old footage from the train, while others displayed the chaotic mix of phone records, personal ads, and maps that had got them this far.  "No word?"

"They're still outside her house and her cellphone's still off."  Something flashed on a screen and she added, "But her credit card's not:  she just used it at the Mercy Wine Bar.  Cheap bastard can't even pay for one lousy dinner before he shoots her?"

Hotch was already dialling.  "Dave, they're just leaving the Mercy Wine Bar at--"

"5100 Belt Line Road," Garcia supplied.

Rossi said, "By the time we got there we'd have missed them.  I know it'll be touch and go, but we'll have to--"

Hotch shook his head.  "They're not coming back to--"

"Her husband's out of town."

"She's too discreet and he won't intrude on the sanctity--"

"Aaron, we've been over this."

"We didn't have any other leads then.  You brought me in on this, so trust me."

Rossi made an exasperated noise and the line went dead.  On Garcia's screen, a red dot peeled away from the star marking Carla Lyndon's house.  Moments later the other moved too, taking a different route.  Hotch watched tensely as they spent eight minutes inching their way to the restaurant, and stopped, and didn't move again.

"You were right," Garcia said.  She sounded gratified, though apprehension still laced her voice.

He looked up at the old train footage where Anderson sat hunched in his seat, clutching his Bible on his briefcase.  Rossi was right, too.  In the field you picked up things someone sitting in an office a thousand miles away would never know.  Watching a hostage situation unfold with no sound was bad enough; trying to take control of an investigation remotely was sheer hubris.

What was happening out there?  Don't corner him, he wanted to tell them:  he's got nothing left to live for.  But they were there and he wasn't.

Minutes passed.  He stood to pace, but he'd paced too much earlier in the day; his knees trembled and he had to sit down again.  He picked at his food instead.

At last Garcia's phone rang.  "We've got Anderson," Rossi said in a tone that warned Hotch to close his eyes.  "He shot her in the parking lot a couple of minutes before we got here."

Hotch steadied his voice.  "There was no way to get there in time."

"Yeah, well.  We got there in time to stop him killing himself."  A beat later he said more firmly, "We're going to be a while; you two should go on home."

Hotch nodded while Garcia said, "Okay, sweetpeas, nighty-night."  She began methodically closing down windows and turning off monitors in a silence that reminded him of filing onto the plane for the journey home.

He poked at his fried rice for a moment, then tossed the whole carton in the appointed garbage bin.  "I'm going to take a cab," he said:  his legs were far too unsteady tonight to be driving.  "I'll pick up my car tomorrow."

"Okay," she repeated absently, but he had barely reached the door when she added, "Sir, do you ever wonder if--  We spend all our time catching people after they've done these terrible things.  Doesn't it make you wonder if something could have been done to prevent it all in the first place?"

All the time.  The nightmares -- the living nightmares -- the desperate lump in his throat and the furious blood rushing through his ears:  more and more it frightened him how much he thought about it.  He manoeuvred his chair back a quarter turn and said, "If something had prevented him taking that gun onto the train four years ago, Doctor Bryar might have killed five more people."

"Yeah, but that doesn't make me feel any better."

He should have a reply for that.  He should be able to answer that almost pleading look in her eyes.  One word of comfort:  wasn't talking what he was good at?

In the face of his silence she forced a laugh.  "I'm sorry, it's late and I'm getting all maudlin.  You should go and get your taxi."

"Good night, Penelope," he said, and tried not to think how tremulous her smile was.


5. In his apartment


"I want to play tag," Jack announced, for possibly the tenth time since Haley had dropped him off that