eyes, caught up in the white teeth and red tongue.

Then he felt a hand in his hair, and he wasn't surprised at all to feel Sheppard pulling him up and back. He went with it, not wanting to hurt Sheppard, not sure he could resist the man's violence without doing so. "What do you want, Sheppard?" he said, low and easy and soft.

"Want to make a pretty picture for Rodney." Ronon turned his head to the side to look; Sheppard's pupils were dilated and he was flushed, panting a little. It made Ronon think, for just a second, of that time when Sheppard had been bitten by an Iratus bug, when he'd kissed Teyla. Then he blinked, and it was Sheppard again, drunk and strange but human, hard against Ronon's thigh.

"You want to fuck John, don't you, Ronon?" asked McKay. He sat up, running his hands along Ronon's back and side as he did. "He's really, really good at it. He's got pretty incredible muscle control in his ass."

"Really?" said Ronon and licked his lips. Then he shifted his weight back onto his own knees and got Sheppard's hands out of his hair. "You shouldn't be telling me this stuff. Sheppard could get in—."

Sheppard bit Ronon, teeth sunk into his neck like some sort of leech. Clearly, Ronon was going to have to work on this thing where he considered his teammates safe. But first, it seemed, he was going to fuck Sheppard. Ronon rolled to the side, hard, to catch Sheppard's body underneath him. He turned over on top of Sheppard, knees on Sheppard's thighs, hands on Sheppard's shoulders. "McKay, get out the first aid kit. There should be something to use for slick."

"No," said McKay. Ronon turned to look at him. "He likes it dry. Seriously."

Ronon rolled his eyes, a bad habit he'd picked up from McKay. "It'll hurt me to fuck him without anything. Get me something."

"Get him a condom, McKay. Hurry up before he changes his mind." Sheppard was bucking under him now, not like he was trying to get loose, just pushing himself into the air between Ronon's thighs, a rollng motion that was making Ronon hard, despite his basic disinterest.

"You're such a whiny bitch when you're hard, Sheppard," said McKay, and then he did turn and dig through his bag until he produced the little shiny packet. He kneewalked over to Sheppard and Ronon and said, "Can I, I want to," and reached for Ronon's dick.

"Whatever," said Ronon. He waited patiently while Rodney fumbled the opening, then rooted around in his pants to pull out his dick. It was a little softer by this time, so Rodney had a pretty easy time of it. Rodney jacked Ronon, too fast, too rough, but it got Ronon hard enough to put a condom on.

Ronon slid off Sheppard, cautiously, hands still on Sheppard's bony shoulders. "Turn over. Get your pants down." He let go, and turned to look to the side when he heard a grunt.

McKay had his dick out, short and thick and full. He was pulling on the foreskin, hard enough that it looked painful to Ronon. What was wrong with these two? Ronon had had sex with plenty of Earth-lanteans who didn't want everything to hurt.

He put his hand on his own dick, jerking it again, getting harder. Sheppard knelt stock still when he'd got his pants and underwear down around his knees. Ronon reached out with one hand, smoothed over Sheppard's hairy butt, pulled him back by his hip. "Do I need to stretch you?"

"He doesn't need anything," grunted McKay, "just put it in and fuck him."

Ronon waited, but Sheppard kept silent. "Hey," Ronon said, and pulled Sheppard upright, one hand on his hip, the other on his shoulder. "Look at me. John, look at me. Do you need to get stretched first?"

Sheppard blinked slowly. He had a sort of frown on his face, like Ronon had interrupted him. Then he shook his head a little and said, "Just do it, okay? I'm ready."

Ronon leaned forward and kissed him, a soft, fast buss to the top of his head. This made Sheppard frown harder, and he opened his mouth to say something but Ronon pushed him back down.

"Finally," muttered McKay.

Ronon wanted to do that 'flipping the bird' thing Zelenka had shown him, but he always got it confused with the peace sign. So, instead, he just forced his dick into Sheppard's ass. It was too tight and almost too dry, but the condom was lubricated, which gave him just enough slick