and-

“Of course I fucking do.” He said, his smirk coming back.

“Do you take Zayn to be your lawful wedded husband, to have and behold from this day on, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, as long as you both shall live?” The priest asked me.

“I do!” I said impatient.

Zayn’s POV

I watched as my Liam was spreading tears to his pink cheeks in joy. I cant believe he’s all mine. This wonderful angel is and will forever always be mine.

It’s all the little things that made me fall for Liam. The way he constantly has to brush his hair away from his eyes. The way he squints his eyes and pouts when he thinks. The way he sucks on his pinky when he’s nervous, an old habit he picked up as a kid. The way he licks his lips in bed seductively. Or the way he likes to sway his hips when we dance at clubs or just at home when we listen to music.

“If anyone objects to the union of these two people, speak now or forever hold your peace.” The priest said.

We waited a couple of seconds and of course no one was going to obje-

“I OBJECT!” The voice that brought back dark and horrible memories boomed and echoed in the Church walls.

“Liam..” I whispered.

He was still looking at me, probably a little scared from the loud angry voice.

“Z-Zay-yn.” He mumbled.

“Hide.” I proclaimed.

“Who is it?” He asked.

“My father.”

He gasped and went paler then he already was.

“Hide please. I don’t want him hurting you.” I said.

Liam stood foot. “No, I won’t leave you.” He said stubbornly.

I grabbed his shoulders and moved him behind the priest and his stand.

“Dad.” I growled turning around to face him. He was in his human form, his dirty dark brown hair and his cold eyes that glared in Liam’s direction.

“I object.” He repeated.

“Like I give a shit what you want.” I sneered.

“You should. I know what’s for you.”

“Mom!” I whined, she smile kindly but put her head down. She was no match for my father anyways.

“Dad, leave him alone.” Doniya said stepping forward from her seat.

“Sit down Don.” He commanded, his eyes glared back with me.

“Daddy, Zayn is just trying to-“

“Stay out of this Saf.” He growled.

“Nice way to treat your kids, eh pop?” I sneered.

“I’m only doing what’s best for you.” He said.

I scoffed, “Sure you are. Like you’ve always had, right? I left for a fucking reason. I never wanted to see you again. I make my own decisions since I left ok, now I want you out.”

“Zayn..” Liam mumbled.

“Liam, stay there.” I demanded.

“But-“

Now he was cut off by the doors opening again with bright light coming through it. In walked the white bearded fellow with a suit on.

“Fa-father?” Liam asked.

“Liam, I’ve been thinking and- Oh. Hello, Yaser.” God said.

“Geoff.” He scoffed.

Liam whimpered behind me and I turned around.

I opened my arms wide and he ran into them, burying his face into my chest. I wrapped my arms around him protectively.

Why does my father have to ruin everything!? He ruined my childhood and now my wedding! Poor Liam.

“You ok?” I asked into his hair.

“A Little scared, s’all.” He complied.

“Look at them Geoff, disgusting.” My father snarled.

“Perhaps your son is but don’t ever call my son disgusting.”

“They both are. In love with each other,” He mocked, “A devil and an angel can’t be together.” They cant rambling back and forth and I could hear Liam’s breathe become panting.

“ENOUGH!” He yelled jumping out of my arms. “JUS-JUST LEAVE US ALONE! WE’RE HAPPY TOGETHER AND THAT’S THAT! YOU CANT CHANGE OUR MINDS!” Liam yelled.

Zayn’s POV

“He’s pure evil, Liam!” His father yelled, “And your pure kindness! It can’t be done!”

“He’s not evil. He treats me like someone should, he actually cares dad.” Liam protested.

“And to be honest, Liam isn’t all that innocent in bed.” I smirked at my father and Liam’s wide eyes.

“And… I know that you and the demons never got along b-but Zayn’s different, I love him. I’ve done things you nor I am proud of but this, marrying Zayn, I will never regret.”

“We just want you two to