and investigated the ship. Romulan warbirds were tiny compared to Federation ships. He couldn’t imagine how the crew coped when the ship was fully manned. With just two of them it was hard enough getting away from Pike.

“Did I mention that I’m bored?” McCoy woke to find Pike staring at him with peculiar intensity. “I need something to do. Or someone. You’re divorced from some woman. Does that mean you’re irredeemably straight?”

McCoy backed away slowly. “I think so, sir. I’ve never tried anything else.”

“Pity. I’ll just have to find something else to do. If I could just get this engine up to warp 8 we’d be there that much quicker.” He turned away and began to flick through a thick manual that he’d found under the captain’s chair. “Now that’s interesting. If I just crossed those wires and then rerouted the energy source from here to there....”

Pike disappeared under the console, pulling out various panels to reveal a mess of wiring. McCoy took a look at the manual, which was incomprehensible to him. “You read Romulan, sir?”

“Just a bit. Started teaching myself when I was holed up in hospital after my visit with Nero.”

“You know enough to read an engineering manual?”

“Oh, more or less. An engine is an engine. How different can it be?” Pike pushed and poked and pulled and prodded. “It would help if they didn’t make all their damned wires shades of green though. I haven’t got to all the names for shades of green yet. Still, if I just try crossing these two...”

Pike the Admiral apparently hid a frustrated engineer too. McCoy pinched the bridge of his nose. The things he did in the name of the Federation. At a minimum, he deserved the Legion of Honor when all this was over. “Sir, when I said I was straight, I just meant that I hadn’t had the chance to... you know. Not that I wasn’t interested.”

Pike popped up from under the console. “Why didn’t you say so? I’m sure warp 7 will do for the moment.”

Pike appeared to approach sex in much the same way he approached an engine. If he put one hand here and another there, while doing this with his tongue, what affect did that have? And if he then repeated it, but did that with his tongue instead, would that result in a heightened response? And once he had catalogued all the possible variables, could the same results be achieved with repetition, and could they be further enhanced?

McCoy began the experiment lying on his back thinking of the Federation. After some time he was lying on his back thinking how he could get Pike to do that thing with his tongue again. Sometime later he was lying on his back thinking that if he didn’t get to come sometime soon he was going to implode. And shortly thereafter he was lying on his back, Pike now sprawled across his chest, wondering how long it would take the Admiral to get it up again and whether there were any drugs in his medical kit that he could use to speed the process along a bit.

* *

The result was that three days later the men were still profoundly distracted when a voice suddenly came booming over the ship’s intercom. “There you are, you cock-sucking sons of whores, may your mothers die in the winds of a thousand storms. Where have you been?”

Pike and McCoy hastily scrambled back into their uniforms to find the face of a Romulan female commander peering at them with interest over the viewscreen. “Federation pig-dogs! Pretty ones too. What are you doing in our ship? Seize them!”

In short order the two men found themselves beamed aboard what appeared to be the mother ship of the small fleet of warbirds to which their stolen ship apparently belonged.

“I am Aem i-Lhiennas t'Rllaillieu, commander general,” she declared. “And the two of you will die terrible deaths like the vile cockroaches that--” She stopped suddenly and peered at McCoy. “Wait! Are you the doctor from the Enterprise? Can you autograph my poster?”

She whipped out the most popular of the set of posters that Starfleet had produced of the brave, noble (and all remarkably pretty) command crew of the Federation’s flagship. “I told you it was a damn good PR campaign,” whispered Pike. As a bewildered McCoy signed other members of the crew shyly came forward with similar offerings. One even had the full set of bridge crew action dolls (with bonus CMO included!).

“Enough of this nonsense,” declared Pike - who seemed rather put out that no one showed  any interest whatsoever in him. “We must get our ship back!”

“You lost your ship? That was careless,” commented Aem i-Lhiennas t'Rllaillieu. “What happened?”

“It’s Captain Kirk,” said McCoy. “He’s gone a bit....” He hesitated.