he seemed calmer. Whatever the fellow was teaching him, he was slowly changing him for the better.

Sitting up from the chair, a crack from his hips reminded him of his elderly state.

"Damn back"

Humming, he walked slowly towards the monitor. It was time to wake him up. But not before checking to see the gross brain waves recorded by electroencephalogram (EEG). Gamma, alpha, beta, theta, and delta waves are each stages of sleep with their own varying speed and altitudes of brainwaves. The fifth stage is considered REM sleep which dreams usually occur. The brainwaves associated with this stage demonstrates a very unique pattern of desynchronous waves, often combining all four stages. And true to it’s description, the brainwaves recorded during the child’s unconsciousness show signs of REM sleep. The brain is nonetheless a brain; dreaming and processing, despite being separated from the rest of it’s human body.

With the press of a button, Doctor Kuseno can’t help but conceptualize the possible dreams the boy may be experiencing. It is quite likely he dreams of being human again. Unfortunately, he has done all he can to allow him to live like a human. But it seems no matter how advanced the technology is, the desire to once again be completely human will never fade as memories are engraved into the frontal lobe— a more complex encoding than the hippocampus, which stores recent memories, and firing stronger neurons for connections.

He may not voice his desire, but his subconscious religiously wishes for it.

The soft roaring of semi-organic sounds, like gyroscopes drowned in liquid, filled the empty spaces in his laboratory. After, came a loud thumping. A heartbeat, but it wasn’t like the human heart, instead it resembled the qualities of one provided by the energy from the core.

Many seem to believe cyborgs are hollow robots but they are wrong; instead, are filled with complex network of circuitry that fit effortlessly into each other.

Watching the boy slowly regain his conscious, he saw his lips moving, seemingly forming his words but the audio grammar is delayed as the body reconnects it’s waking appendages. At first, his voice was pure static but as seconds went by, the words were becoming clearer.

“Doctor” Genos finally says.

“Genos.” He replies “Good morning boy”

“Did you dream of anything?” he adds in.

Genos seemed to take the liberty of scanning his surrounding, his eyes darting and gliding against the space allotted inside his eyes. Then finally settled them on his own.

“I...I don’t remember..” Genos trails off, his concerned expression revealed to the Doctor of the subject of his incoming words. “How long?”

“Four days”

Like a snap of a finger, his expression turned grim.

“I must leave” Genos says, rushing to get off the metal table supporting him then walked over to the neatly folded clothes on the chair next to it. “Master might be—”

“I understand but let me explain a few upgrades I’ve added” He insisted.


 



•••


Landing on the ground after traversing miles of deserted terrain, he began running on foot. His thoughts were filled with Doctor Stench’s course of action. He held no grudge but he won’t deny that he found it a bit extreme. But it was probably not without a purpose and so with that in mind, he set aside his discomfort. His goal now was to quickly get home to where his master resided.

The though of his master safe within the comfort of his home calmed his distressed thoughts.


Wait for me master.


A metropolis was in sight. Pleased, he increased his speed. But as he entered the dense forests of City K, an immense force tackled him onto the ground. Battling the unknown force, his quickly pushed the attacker off of him then rolled onto his back to get up and regain his footing. All while safely distancing himself from the unknown.

“How rude” A voice spoke “You just come and go as you like cyborg”

“Amai” He confirms

“But fortunately for you, I’ll offer myself as the welcoming wagon” Amai says, his voice dangerously low in his throat.

It was intimidation at it’s finest.

The provoking glare only encouraged him to rush forward with everything he’s got but as he took a step forward, but doctors voice penetrated  his thoughts.


“Please refrain from being reckless dear boy”


He hesitates in place, his eyes not breaking the contact with icy blue orbs. Contemplating his options for a while, he finally resorted to preventing the situation from escalating.

“I have important matters to attend— “

“Oh don’t be shy” Amai interrupts as he dashed towards him. But thankfully his reflex were fast enough to intercept his assault and stopping him from proceeding further.

“Show me your worth”

 

Sonic halts his practice as distant explosions reached his ears. Curiosity overwhelming him, he quickly made way towards it. Given his speed, it didn’t take long for him to close in on the location and finding a suitable