exchanging a confused look with Harry who was the only one nearby.  They had stopped fighting after Paul threatened to take their phones and were just waiting for something to happen.  Louis and Niall were still being chased by security around the arena, laughing loudly.

“Where’d you run off to?” Zayn looked up and pointed down the hall where he came from.  Liam and Harry looked in that direction, both puzzled when they didn’t see anything.  Well they saw Lou playing with Lux but they didn’t really think that that was what Zayn was scared of. “H-He was there, he was in the dressing room.  He’s here, Liam please don’t leave me alone, please.” Zayn looked ready to break down, holding onto Liam, afraid he would let go of him.  Liam gripped onto Zayn tighter so the smaller boy would know that he wouldn’t think of leaving.

“Who was here, Zayn?”

“J-Jake.” Both boys’ eyes widened at the name, Harry quickly making his way off of the stage.  Liam watched him as he darted to Preston and told him about Jake, pointing over to the hallway Zayn had pointed at not too long ago.  Liam saw Niall and Louis riding over to Harry, leaning in close so they could see what had Harry so agitated.  Preston nodded his head, grabbed his walkie talkie, and hurried down the hallway to the dressing room.

“What happened?  Did he hurt you?  C’mon Zayn, please talk to me babe, I need to hear your voice.” Liam whispered, trying to be gentle with his distressed boyfriend.  What if Jake had hurt Zayn, what if he had taken Zayn?  Liam wasn’t there to protect him, Liam wasn’t there for him.  He needed Zayn to say something, to assure him that Jake didn’t hurt him.

“H-He was holding my hand, and he-he said some things.  Liam, please don’t leave me, please don’t.” Liam shushed him, pulling him and Zayn down so they were lying on the stage, Zayn on his lap and cuddling into his chest.  Liam noticed the others rushing to them and smiled; Zayn would need all of them now.

“It’s okay, I won’t leave you ever.  I promise, I won’t let anything happen to you, I won’t let anybody hurt you.” He continued to comfort Zayn as the boys finally reached them, all five of them cuddling together with Zayn in the middle.  It was something they always did when one of them was scared or nervous; they had a group cuddle just last week when Louis got homesick. 

They didn’t have their best show that night with Zayn staying reserved and never leaving Liam’s side.  The others would pat Zayn on the back or give him a quick hug every now and then but  Liam never let go of his hand the whole time.  That night he and Liam shared a room, not caring about what Management thought.  Liam wasn’t there for Zayn when he needed him most, so he wasn’t going to let him go.  Not for a minute, he can’t do that again.

xxx

There was no signs of Jake for a long time.  His Twitter had been shut down, all of the photos and tweets permanently gone.  Preston told them that Jake wasn’t in the dressing room when he got there, nor was he in the arena.  Jake has disappeared just as easily as he appeared, which was okay with Liam since Jake should get the hint by now.  He couldn’t get to Zayn anymore, he can’t, he won’t.

Zayn stop worrying about Jake after a few days with nonstop attention from Liam.  The others just gradually forgot about him since he never showed up again.  Jake didn’t go to any of the shows, meet and greets, or signings so they all thought there was no reason in searching for him.  If he showed up again he would have to face possible law suits for invasion of privacy and trespassing. 

“There’s nothing wrong with pepperoni, I’m just saying that ground beef is obviously the best pizza topping.” Niall and Liam were in a serious discussion over which pizza topping was superior as they waited for the other three to arrive.  They were currently on the tour bus after a long day of rehearsing for  the concert later that night.  Louis had jokingly pushed Harry off of the stage, who clumsily tripped and slammed into Zayn, who then slammed into Paul.  Then Zayn slapped Louis (or maybe he had slapped Harry?).  All three of them were held back to be lectured on irresponsibility, immaturity, and some other words that ended in –ity.

Niall reached out for his phone when he saw someone was calling him, confused when he saw it was Louis.  Liam only shrugged his shoulders as an answer and Niall answered the phone.

“Louis?  What are-I can’t hear you, what?  Louis what’s going-why