in her chair to wrap her leather jacket more tightly around her. Now that she’d noticed his lips, she couldn’t help but stare at them. Oh boy was she in trouble.

“Want me to grab a blanket, love?”

Emma raised her eyes to his, “Do you really want to risk going back in that hotel room? Mary Margaret looked like she was ready to pounce the moment we snuck out of there.”

He gave her a mischievous look, “You’re not one for watching, Swan?”

Emma felt the heat rush to her face again and attempted to cover it by tipping back her glass.

“I’m not that drunk,” she paused, “yet.”

 

 

A giggle drifted across to Emma in her bed. She wasn’t quite sure how long she and Killian had spent out on the balcony before it got cold enough to drive them back in. Had they really polished of the remainder of the bottle? At some point she’d removed her jeans and was nestled beneath the blanket, in nothing but her tank top and panties. Killian’s rum sure packed a wallop. Another giggle and murmurs drew her back to wakefulness. Emma was on the far side, closest to the wall. Killian was in closer proximity to David and Mary Margaret’s bed. He huffed in apparent aggravation.

The mattress shifted with his weight as he turned toward her. Emma hazily remembered him offering to take the floor, but she’d scoffed and thrown back the covers to welcome him into her bed. She’d found she hadn’t rolled her eyes half as often as she usually did in his presence. He’d been attentive and had admitted he’d have risked getting tossed out of the arena defending her from the inebriated prat.

Emma cringed at the distinct lip smacking noises that broke the few moments of quiet she’d enjoyed. A wave of heat shot down between her legs. Although she was no voyeur, due to her distinct lack of love life, her own body seemed to be betraying her. Her rum soaked brain seemed to recall that Killian had in fact teased her about watching. God, had she admitted that it was a turn on? Had she said that out loud?

It didn’t help matters that Killian smelled good and this queen sized bed felt rather cozy at the moment.

He shifted and suddenly his warm breath was on her neck as he whispered a barely audible curse. He’d leaned in close, so his lips just barely brushed the shell of her ear.

“Swan, listening to their romantic exploits is rather distracting.”

“Tell me about it,” she whispered back. “Didn’t we give them enough privacy earlier? Are they going in for round two?”

Emma felt uncomfortable being a witness to her roommate’s love life. She squirmed, inadvertently tangling her legs with Killian’s. Like Emma, he’d stripped down to his boxer-briefs and t-shirt to sleep in. Now her foot could feel the soft hair that peppered his calf. She tried to eliminate the thought of David and Mary Margaret hooking up just a few feet away. This situation shouldn’t be affecting her this way. Never mind the fact that Killian was now nestled against her back; he’d buried his head deeper into her hair and burrowed into her pillow.

“Swan,” he whispered, “are you trying to play footsie with me?”

A low sigh from the other bed made Emma freeze in place. She could hear more shifting of sheets from across the way and she wished there was some way she could transport herself out of the room.

She turned her head slightly to whisper back at Killian, “I swear, if the bedsprings over there start squeaking I don’t know what I’ll do.”

She could feel the rumble of a chuckle from Killian. His arm snaked around to pull her back towards him. “You know, it just serves to remind me that I’d rather enjoy doing those things to you right now.” He’d breathed the proposition into her ear. Emma could feel his obvious arousal pressed against her backside.

“Are you trying to get me even more worked up than I already am?” she spoke in a hushed tone, hoping the other couple were too preoccupied to notice they’d awakened their hotel mates.

“Perhaps I am,” he interlaced his fingers with hers.

“What do you think is going on over there?” His murmuring voice next to her ear sparked a myriad of compromising images. Her skin felt warm beneath his arm draped over her hip.

“You’re not helping Killian.” She tried to disentangle her leg from his, but found herself unintentionally arching back into him. Emma imagined a tiny devil perched on her shoulder brandishing a pitchfork, encouraging her down this road to temptation.

“Perhaps we could find something to distract us from their amorous activities?” He teased. “Do you think his mouth is on her?” Killian trailed his fingers along the edge of her tank top. “If it were me, I’d