wrapped into your human form.

You can feel the sting and the single drop of blood as it wells up and then slides down the side of your neck, and resist the urge to swallow again while a high-pitched whine escapes your mouth.

For a few moments it is almost entirely silent except for the stupid noises you can’t quite keep all muffled while the human, gracefully quiet in the way most large predators are right before they pounce, stares down at you with a calculating look on his face. Occasionally his eyes flick away from your face to search around the room as if he is trying to figure something out.

It’s fine, you try to reassure yourself. Everything is fine. If this guy were, in fact, a huge predator, he’s already leapt. You don’t need to wait for him to pounce, because he is already sitting on top of you, claws out, and all you need to do now is sit still and wait for him to decide whether he is a cat playing with a mouse or a dog going straight for the throat.

The analogy derails on you like a freight train off a cliff. You remain uncomforted.

“Alright”, the human starts, shifting his position to relieve some of the pressure on your gut. Your newfound freedom makes it easier to breathe, easier to form full coherent sentences if you tried, but a slight warning push back down when you try to wriggle away from the knife hovering at your neck tells you this change isn’t going to improve your chances at escape any. “Ignoring the fact that my fantastic abs must’ve been singing the hallelujah at you and I couldn’t possibly fault you for trying to cop a feel regardless of how poor a burglar’s strategy it is, tell me this; how did you get in here.”

His voice is deceptively sharp, and if you hadn’t been inside his dream, with that same voice laughing into your ear only minutes ago (if that), you would have assumed his sleep had been feigned.

You must not have eaten as much as you hoped you did, because something about his voice sends a shiver down your spine, and as far as situations in which it is appropriate for your mind to drift back to the feeling of fingers working their way inside of you go, ‘cornered and pinned with a knife to your neck’ ranks impressively low.

“I…” you begin, only to cough awkwardly and attempt to wriggle backwards as the tip of the knife grazes your skin again. The mattress gives below your head, but the knife follows right after you, right up until the human seems to realise what you are trying to do and pulls the sharp edge of the blade away from your skin.

You let out a sigh of relief, though the way he is now deliberately hovering it in front of your face is making you become significantly more aware that one stabbing motion downwards would make for a pretty quick end to your story.

There are another few moments of silence before you remember you were asked a question. “I… the, uh, the window?” you stammer out, stumbling over the annoying elongated vwee noises you picked up from your old man’s speech patterns and never quite managed to get out.

The knife swoops down like a guillotine’s blade, stopping so close to your neck that you can feel the blade pricking a second hole into the skin, only millimetres next to the previous one. “Bullshit,” he barks, voice more clipped and controlled than before. “The building’s got thirty floors and no balconies, nice try. Now how the fuck did you get in.”

Wriggling uncomfortably you make an attempt to struggle out of the human’s hold, only to have him press his knee back down, knocking the wind right back out of you. With terrifying deliberation he twirls the knife between his fingers in a silent threat. It’s possibly the stupidest thing to focus on in what might be the last few seconds before some asshole human in fake hawai’i tourist print boxers stabs you to death, but the sudden realisation that not only is the knife’s handle the same obnoxious shade as the orange monstrosity he was sleeping with but also the same shape as it’s protruding nose refuses to leave your mind.

The thought that you are going to die by plush toy nose is causing a hysterical giggle to bubble up your throat.

You’re honestly not sure what to tell the human -you did come in through the window- and he seems to realise that waiting for an answer is futile, because he sits back a little and squints at you, brow creased in what you think is probably plain old annoyance.

“You know, I just decided I don’t actually give a fuck-,” he says, putting the knife down next to him and reaching out for something outside of your range of vision, hand clamping down on your arms mercilessly as you experimentally wiggle around, and your wrists are going to bruise so bad, “-and am just gonna let the cops take care of this whole mess. Now