There was no way to put into words, not adequately. They’ve already said I love you, and they’ve called each other hot and pretty and beautiful, and they’ve talked about not needing anyone else, and they’ve said everything really, and shit, Louis really was in denial.

But it’s just- he doesn’t know how to bridge that gap, from a friend who’s just overly affectionate to a friend who’s actively trying to woo you.

And he doesn’t know if he should, anyway, doesn’t know if it’s worth the risk. Louis’ never one to shy away from feelings, he’s never really been ashamed, but it’s more than just him that’s at risk with this.

Louis has a girlfriend, Zayn has a fucking fiancée, and it’s not like he’s not happy with Eleanor, it’s not like he doesn’t love her, it’s just that- somewhere along the way it stopped being that kind of love. The kind he only feels for Zayn, now. And it seems unfair, to keep leading her on, but he just. He can’t give her up, not yet, because it’s going well, and he hates change and it might make him an asshole but he doesn’t think he’s ready to be single.

And he doesn't want to do this to Perrie, because regardless of his feelings about her she's always been supportive of their friendship, and he hates to thinkn that all the times she trusted him she probably shouldn't have.

His head’s a mess, and he can’t see straight for Zayn, wants to be with him all the time, always, and that should be answer enough but-

He doesn’t know how to fucking say it. He can’t just say he’s in love, he can’t just ask Zayn out, because he can’t, because it’s more than that. He’s only ever had one serious relationship, and this isn’t- with Eleanor he just asked her, and she just said yes, but it didn’t feel like this at all.

He wants to ask Zayn out, sure, but he also wants to ask him to spend the rest of his life with him, to never be with anyone else, to move in with him and get more matching tattoos with him and do everything with him, and he doesn’t know how to put it all into words.

~

They’re in Louis’ flat, during a break, sprawled out on his couch. They’re watching The Notebook, because Zayn’s going through some stuff with Perrie, and this is how they deal. Like mature responsible adults.

It’s actually a tradition, of sorts- not The Notebook in particular, but any sappy film they can get their hands on, if they’re feeling shit enough. The Notebook is standard, obviously, especially since Louis found out two years back that Zayn had never seen it, which, what the fuck Zayn. It came from that night, after Louis found out in an interview, Zayn knocking on his hotel door with a copy of the dvd he must have picked up in the last two hours- as shameless as he’d always been. They’d watched it, and Zayn just shrugged, said he didn’t get what the fuss was about. Louis knows he teared up, though, he saw it. For someone who’s so emotionally intelligent, he has a hard time admitting that he gets invested in rom-com’s.  

He’s doing it again, acting like the story has no effect on him, and there are very few things that Louis finds funnier than Zayn trying to lie to him. Usually he’d call him out, probably, but he’s distracted tonight. By Zayn, of course, but also just by his niggling thoughts (which are about Zayn, so that’s him being distracted by Zayn through extension, right? he can just blame everything on Zayn).

Louis’ always had a hard time biting his tongue. It’s just not a skill he’d ever bothered to pick up, because, frankly, he didn’t want to keep things to himself. He wanted to be blunt and honest and open.

So it was a bit unnatural, having to keep these big feelings secret, especially from Zayn, who- up until now- he told everything to.

Luckily, whenever he did open his mouth to spill his feelings, nothing came out, because once again, how the fuck do you talk about something this big? Where would he even begin?

 It’s the same now, him having this strange feeling in his chest like he gets when he leaves the house but knows he left something important there. He doesn’t know what to do about it, so he doesn’t do anything, other than