work. But Kenma wasn’t him and had no desire to waste any energy on the cat.

 Around lunch however the animal got too restless and Kenma finally reached the limit of his patience. He wasn’t going to lock it in the closet, no. he stood up from the comfort of the couch and walked back to the room he shared with Tetsurou. Beside the bed was the cat’s toy box. Kenma found the presence of it laughable. The cat wasn’t a child. It didn’t need toys. But Tetsurou thought otherwise and in no time filled the box with all kinds of unnecessary things. It made Kenma wonder how exactly Tetsurou saw the cat. Did he see a normal feline, or a child in need of caring and spoiling? He quickly shook his head, getting rid of the thought and walking towards the box.

 As expected, the one thing Rintarou seemed to like best was the ball of yarn Tetsurou threw around for him in the evenings. Kenma wasn’t about to roll around the floor like Tetsurou, but he did take the soft ball, looking back at the cat, which stared at him with big round eyes, full of expectation. Kenma only frowned and threw the ball across the room, the cat chasing like lightning after it.

 Knowing that the animal would be distracted for more than a few minutes, Kenma went back to the couch, ready to finally beat his game, without being pestered by the annoying cat. And just as he had expected, it really did leave him alone, too occupied in rolling around with the yarn on the floor of the hall.

 Kenma didn’t know how much time passed, but it couldn’t have been much. He had almost managed to win the last level of his game when the cat began hissing and mewing in distress, so loudly it almost coughed. Kenma tried to ignore the noise, but when it didn’t cease, he paused his game and stood up from the couch, this time ready to really lock the animal in the dark closet if it meant shutting it up. Much to his surprise, the closet turned out to be the reason the cat was in distress in the first place.

 The door was wide open, while Rintarou hissed at the inside of the closet from the other end of the hall. The ball of yarn disappeared somewhere inside, leaving only a trail of white behind its self. The cat or yarn didn’t bother Kenma at all, what bothered him was the opened door of the closet. A few minutes ago he was sure it had been closed. Ever since Rintarou grew he had picked up the habit of opening doors. He jumped from tables or any other hard surface he could climb on and with odd agility press down on the door handles as he fell down on the floor, resulting in an open door, a frustrated Kenma and an oddly fascinated Tetsurou. Ever since the cat began it odd behavior, Kenma made sure to at least lock the door to the closet, so it wouldn’t cause havoc inside. But now the door was wide open, the key, which was normally lodged in the keyhole on the outside of the door, now lay on the carpet near the cat. Kenma didn’t have any warm feelings towards it, but he wouldn’t accuse it of opening the door. It was impossible, even for him.

 Kenma frowned and looked at the closet. The ball of yarn disappeared somewhere inside, but even thought the closet its self wasn’t large or deep, Kenma could see it. It sunk somewhere among dark shadows and spider webs. Kenma quickly realized that Rinatarou was too scared to get the yarn back, but was frustrated at its disappearance. Nothing more than simple cat behavior. Even thought it couldn’t explain the opened door.

 Kenma frowned again, this time at the hissing animal, before walking towards the closet. The ball of yarn had done a good job in silencing the cat for a good amount of time and if it could do it again, Kenma would be thankful. He stepped into the closed and knelt down to grab the visible end of the string, possibly related to what was left of the ball inside the closet. Kenma took it between his fingers and pulled. The string withdrew smoothly, but Kenma couldn’t see where it went. Somewhere behind a few boxes, but it felt as if the back wall of the closet had disappeared, replaced by shadows and a simple black canvas.

 Kenma continued to pull, until he felt something from the back of the closet pull back. The pull was sharp, like in a game of tug-a-war. It made Kenma’s lax hand shoot out, as he tried to hold onto his end of the thread. His eyes widened in amazement and he pulled gently on the thread again, this time finding resistance. There definitely had to be something behind the shadows which held the other end of the thread, just like Kenma. The thought made him shiver.

 Behind him, Rintarou continued to spit and hiss and made the situation a lot more anxious