started to lose clarity, his body becoming weaker and his mind slowing down its operations. It didn’t take long for him to feel the heaviness on his eyelids that gave him the urge to sleep and instead of fighting that urge, he gave in. He succumbed to the slumber that was invading his body, his eyes fluttering for a few seconds before finally clenching shut.

•

Zayn never thought there was going to be a day that he was going to face the worst scene he never expected. He had planned everything today. He had planned to ask Niall out and said everything he has kept bottled over the years. He was planning to confess his feelings for his best friend during a dinner he had invited Niall with.

He was nervous and anxious thinking how Niall would respond to him but he set those negative feelings aside and mustered his courage to call him on his phone. The phone rang, but no one answered. He kept dialing but after for what felt like a hundred call no one still answered. Concern and worry took over Zayn’s mind, so without further ado, he ran to Niall’s home. He knew the consequences of barging into Niall’s home. Niall took him to his home one time, though when they were inside Niall’s father called him up and let’s just say curiosity killed the cat and Zayn followed Niall to his father’s office. He heard a noise that was similar to a slap, followed by a silent whimper. He was fast to join the puzzles and with Niall’s father scolding Niall, it only solidified his theory.

Niall never brought Zayn to his home again, and when they tried the other way with Niall going to Zayn’s home. That night, Niall called him crying. That stroke a fear to Zayn’s body and he asked Niall why he was crying. The boy was quick to shook the topic off saying he just needed someone to talk to. Zayn didn’t push the question further and asked him what he wanted to talk about. Niall opened up though vaguely, he started off by saying, “I can’t handle any more of this, Zaynie.” Then, Niall broke into a fit of cries, and it took merely half an hour for Zayn to calm him down. They spent the whole night talking to each other.

When they both went to school together while Zayn held Niall’s hand, he suddenly caught glimpse off Niall’s wrist when Niall’s loose sleeve slid down a bit and it was filled with fresh wounds and some were just scars but the fresh wounds over numbered the scars. Zayn halted for a moment which made Niall stop as well. He wanted to cry because Niall doesn’t deserve any of those, he was already being hurt by somebody else and now he’s hurting himself too? It was too much and that moment Zayn wished he could take away the pain but he chose the unbearable for the sake of Niall, he chose to be silent.

Zayn knew the brief of history of the abuse Niall’s been receiving from his father, although he wanted to protect Niall in some sort of way he can’t because if he ever brought the topic up, Niall will find out that he knows and he was so afraid that Niall will stay away from him after that because Niall tends to do that, he knew he’ll feel embarrassed and scared that he will look at him differently now.

 

Zayn barged into Niall’s home, the door opened by a maid working for Niall. He pushed pass the maid and rummage to Niall’s room, even though he’s only been there once, Niall showed him his room. And he remembered where it was, so when he reached the door, he knocked. But no one answered.

Zayn knocked again until he’s grown impatient only to grab the door’s handle with force, and the door swung open. He stumbled inside and while on his knees and hands, he scanned the inside of the room, spotting a door inside the room. He risked his hope and guess, and ran towards the door.

The door was locked and Zayn was too angry and worried that he had no choice but kicked the door open, it didn’t work at first but he kept on trying. Then, the door swung open.

He saw drop lets of blood splattered on the bathroom’s floor and Zayn’s fear and worry spiked to the roof, even though it was slowly becoming unbearable Zayn’s feet kept taking steps until he caught sight that he wished for the heavens to be erased from his line of memory and vision.

Zayn’s gaze fell upon Niall who was lying in the middle of the bathroom, his arm cut open whilst bleeding. Zayn felt his knees become weak but he remained his composure to barely even stand before rushing to his best friend lying unconscious on the floor.

He picked him up in his arms and dashed outside of the room, he called on whoever was inside to help him and call the ambulance. Nobody listened to him regardless of his screams and