teachers proved—was the next step for shinobi who have mastered looking at the overlooked.


“Today’s training!” said Minato-sensei brightly. “Find, obtain, and deliver. Rin-chan, I want you to bring me this leaf.” He held up a large oak leaf with a single large insect bite dead centre. “Obito-kun, this flower.” The flower was wilting strangely, half rotten and half fresh. “Kakashi-kun, this mushroom.” A fat white mushroom with a single red spot.



Kakashi remembers scowling, irritated that he was going to be slowed down once again by his deadweight team. Rin, at least, would accept his help in finding her leaf, but Obito would probably refuse on principle.


“I’ll leave these here.” Minato-sensei gestured to the three botanical items on top of the stump. “Now I want these exact items—this shape, this size, exactly these items in every way, understand? I won’t accept anything less. There are no other rules! I’ll be at Training Ground Seven.” He waved and body-flickered away.


Kakashi didn’t remember much of the actual, grinding, tedious, and ultimately fruitless search for a match. He had tried clones, he was pretty sure, and he thought Obito had attempted to use his fire jutsu to burn a hole in a leaf to match Rin’s target, but only succeeded in nearly setting his own arm ablaze, of course. Not like a burned hole would look like an insect hole anyway…



Minato-sensei was sweaty but still maddeningly cheerful when he came back to their area of the forest. “What a great day for a work-out!” he called. “But you all failed your assignment?”



His three students stared at him—sheepish Rin, Obito sucking on a burnt finger, Kakashi outwardly indifferent but inwardly crawling with shame.



“Nobody thought to just bring me these, huh?” Their teacher tapped on the stump.



Three mouths, one hidden by a mask, fell open.



Minato-sensei laughed. “I expected failure, don’t worry. Actually, in some ways, it means you’re good shinobi. You’re all very good at looking underneath the underneath, very diligent, very obedient, very mission-focused… but don’t forget about the best place to hide something from a typical ninja…” He picked up the leaf and looked through the hole with one eye. “In plain sight.”


In the present, everyone is staring at him as his face gets hotter and hotter.

“I told you I wanted these items, but because I just put them down, you all assumed they couldn’t really be the items. You all assumed that I didn’t mean my plain meaning. Now, can you imagine the possibilities here?”

“What are you waiting for?!” Naruto face contorts with rage as sweat beads on Kakashi’s bright red face.

Kakashi remembers being a teenager, desperate to get away to a fantasy place, to escape being himself, compulsively reading romance novels. A huge, obvious, glaring vulnerability. And he knew it, he knew it right away, and he was surrounded always by other shinobi, so the best way to hide this vulnerability…


“Hound, get your nose out of your smut, the target will be here in less than an hour,” Owl snickered.


Kakashi turned a page and said nothing. He was there in body with his fellow ANBU, but he was also far, far away, with a beautiful woman who was just about to seduce a grieving widower, giving him comfort, pleasure, hope, life.


“That guy is so cold,” complained Rabbit. “He’s like a machine, he doesn’t care about anything. Reading a disgusting book like that in public.”


…was to make his compulsive habit as obvious as possible.

But hiding in plain sight has one serious drawback. If the observer ever does twig on, it’s all over.

“Do it!” Naruto growls.

It comes out of Kakashi like it’s being dragged out of him with a hook. “Do you… really… love me?”

It’s humiliating. It’s agonizing. He would rather chew and swallow glass than recite these phrases of romance and connection.

When it’s over, he’s a sweaty, numb mess. Only muscle memory is keeping him clinging to the windowsill. Slowly, slowly, sense and feeling returns as he realizes that the urgent problem of Jiraiya-sama’s code has got them all focused on it. Even when they were listening to him, they weren’t thinking of him and what the words meant in their plain meaning; only their meaning for the code.

He’s escaped, he’s escaped.

———

“The real one isn’t among them, eh?” The frog’s webbed foot slowly tapped. “Well… I can’t say that I’m real sure about it… it does bring somethin’ to mind though… Jiraiya-