stop it. “Master, please, do not-”

“Genji, my student, allow me my piece just this once. You will not say it, but something has to be said, otherwise he will never learn.” With that, Zenyatta turned back to Hanzo. Genji just put his face into his palms. Many of the support members would grow irritated at the other classes whenever they did something really stupid without their, well, support – and apparently that had happened this time. This appeared to be the straw that broke the camel’s back.

Or in this case, Zenyatta’s (formerly seen as) endless chill.

“Of course he’s not the same Genji you knew, because you slew that version of him once you brought your blade up against him! Did you even know that Genji? What did you know of him besides a habit of breaking tradition, a love of cheesy arcade games and stolen nights? Did you know of the thoughts that plagued him, the dread of one day using people as disposable resources? Of trading them and murdering them for no other reason than profit? Of selling weapons to whoever had enough money, damned if they were flesh traders or bounty hunters? Did you know anything other than Shimada Genji?” At this point, Zenyatta had floated over and into Hanzo’s face. Genji went to pull his master back a bit, but a stern glance and a fierce “Do not” in his direction was enough to get him to back off.

Hanzo, meanwhile, was frozen. Zenyatta was the calmest force he had ever seen, even in battle. To bear witness to this sudden 180 in character was startling, to say the least. Zenyatta continued.

“Do you know of how he was saved? Of how his body was saved in the wreckage after your battle, how it took at least seven doctors and three bio-engineers just to make sure he had a chance of living? Do you know how the original Overwatch used him as means to an end, letting him destroy himself from the inside out? A soul does not come out of a betrayal like that unscathed, Shimada Hanzo.”

A glance towards Genji surprised the cyborg, but it was understandable. Genji had told those stories to Hanzo before, but his meeting and acceptance of Zenyatta and his teachings was one he had yet to tell.

Even when angry, Zenyatta would respect Genji’s wishes. And Genji loved him for it. The cyborg shrugged, and Zenyatta continued, though his anger seemed to be leaving him.

“Do you know what a ruin of a man your brother was when he stumbled across the Shambali’s doorstep? Even our newest could sense his discord. He was lost and injured and alone and lonely and none had helped him until he literally collapsed in our doorway, exhausted.

Do you know how long it took for him to even speak to us? Silent, ever-watchful, threatened. He felt threatened in a temple full of monks who stood for peace, because nothing in his life was constant until then. Do you know how wearing that is on a soul, to not be able to count on things for longer than a day? A week? A year? Do you know, Shimada Hanzo?

Do you know how resilient your brother is? How he was able to pick up the pieces of himself and put them back together, and came to forgive you, came to forgive Overwatch, came to forgive himself? He has made great strides towards his own peace.

You and your brother are more alike than you think.”

“We are nothing alike,” Hanzo growled, the line taking him out of his stupor.

Zenyatta made an odd clinking sound – his version of a snort of disbelief. “Please. Genji was as reluctant to accept help as you are now. Your brother has surpassed you in the respect that he can acknowledge when he needs help. You cling to your values of honor and redemption and would rather honor a corpse than realize that the times have changed.

In the words of an ally, catch up with the times or get run over by them, Shimada Hanzo. Genji has rebuilt his part of the bridge. Are you truly going to burn this one down as well, and deny the second chance so freely given?

You seek honor, redemption. At least, you claim to. These are not easy roads to walk, Hanzo. Death is not the answer to this, though you think it to be, and if I am correct in putting pieces together about your upbringing, for good reason. But Hanzo, you have already cut ties with the Shimada Clan, nonexistent as it now is. Are you still truly loyal to a thing that never can be?”

With that microphone drop, Zenyatta backed away. Hanzo said nothing, did nothing, too much information churning in his brain for him to react as he might’ve otherwise. Genji took advantage of this and escorted his master out of the building they were in.

“You should not have done that-” Genji began, motioning for Zenyatta to stay quiet when the Omnic began to interrupt