yeah, how come you're always right?" Robin said then kissed his wife and took a seat.


 


"It's just a fact. I'm never wrong." She smirked and sat down, ready to eat the meal.


 


Harry came back down in boxers and a white shirt, followed by Gemma who came in holding Dusty, putting him down beside his food on the floor.


 


Harry and Gemma said thank you to their parents then they all began to eat. 


 


-Louis’ P.O.V-


 


He woke up from his ‘nap’, the next day. Jet lag was a bitch. He didn’t even glance at his phone, before getting up and packing everything that he needed to go skiing. Everything that he ordered had arrived the night before, which Stan had brought in for him.


 


Once everything was packed and settled, he ran downstairs, smelling Yorkshire Tea. Completely forgetting his phone, which displayed a text from an unknown number, which read:


 



Time’s up, Tomlinson. -Anonymous





















~Wednesday~

 

-Louis’ P.O.V-

 

Louis had had a wonderful time skiing with his mates from back home. He took some Instagram pictures, along with a few pictures with fans. It had been a good day, and now he was going home, to his family. His mom missed her biggest boy and best friend.

 

-Harry’s P.O.V-

 

It was late in the afternoon when the man decided to go shop for a little while, considering it had been a few days and their stock of food at home was running low. He put on his shoes, grabbed his keys and went off to Tesco.

 

It was only 2:00 PM when he got there, so schools weren’t out yet, meaning no screaming teenage girls. He was safe for now, only surrounded by old retired people, who had no idea who he was, let alone know how to use a flip phone.

 

He quickly did his shopping, stopping at a stand where their album was sitting, making sure to sign them all. No one paid much attention, minus a few glances from a baby who Harry waved to on the way out, after purchasing his items.

 

-Louis’ P.O.V-

 

Louis had arrived home the night before, Tuesday night. He went straight to bed when he got there, waking up on Wednesday, at 5:21 PM. He blinked the sleep out of his eyes, rubbed them and sat up, putting on a top.

 

He could hear the laughter and screaming giggles of his youngest siblings, Ernie, and Doris, the chatter of his eldest siblings, Lottie and Felicite, helping his lovely mother make dinner, and the twins, unheard, for the first time in forever. He stretched then stood up, making sure he was wearing pants, check, before heading downstairs.

 

He reached the bottom steps, being pushed aside by Phoebe, who was running away from Daisy.

 

“That’s my shirt! Take it off!” Yelled the flower named child, running after the other.

 

“No! It’s mine! Leave me alone you twat!” Phoebe yelled, running upstairs, slamming her door shut, just before Daisy could reach it. She pounded her fists on the door, wanting into their shared room.

 

“GO away!” The girl who was safely inside of the room screamed.

“Give it!” The other twin yelled back, desperately trying to open the door.

 

Louis shook his head and went back upstairs, deciding that peace and quiet is what his mom needed right now, and they weren’t helping. He walked up to Daisy, making her turn around and give him a puppy face.

 

“Make her give it back?” She asked, folding her hands together in a begging manner.

 

“Alright, alright.” Louis smiled, opening the door easily.

 

“What the-” Phoebe started, until she looked at who had opened her door.

 

“Pheez, is it hers?” He asked, kneeling down to her, since she was sitting on the floor, in a tactic to block out her sister.

 

“It’s not, honest!” She exclaimed, crossing her arms.

 

“Pheeze?” He asked again, giving her a pointed look.

 

“Ugh, fine,” She said, standing up and giving the shirt back to Daisy, who triumphantly smirked and spun around on her heel, going back downstairs.

 

“She’s still a twat,” Phoebe mumbled, going back into her room.

 

“You both are.” Louis smiled, shaking his head fondly. He loved their little squabbles. It was cute in a way, and he loved playing that stereotypical older brother role.

 

Eventually, everyone was seated around the table, eating a marvelous dinner, as Louis had stated, enjoying each others company. Especially now since Louis was home, and Lottie, considering she went on tour with the boys, but just got more off days to visit.

 

When everyone was done, Daisy and Phoebe headed off to their room to finish up on homework while Felicity and Lottie went