okay, just.. Just let me come"
She smirks up at him before she goes back to wrap her lips on the head and starting to get him off hard and fast with her hand.
He comes so hard. And she swallows it all.

He pulls her off by her hair hissing at sensitivity and bringing her against his lips and kisses her tasting himself on her tongue.
"Tell me" she says softly.
Her face flushed hair a mess, and lips swollen.
He tucks her hair behind her ear. Caressing her cheek.
"I made some changes which I know you'll love so much?"
"What are they?" She smiles excited at him.

"It's a surprise"
"You said you'll tell me" she whines
"well it was only one question wasn't it?" He says smirking.

"You think you're smart Malik, see if you'll get to even touch me this week" She gets off the couch. Sticking her tongue at him.
"Hey, Leeyum come on. It's supposed to be a surprise" he says while he walks behind her.
And she can't really be upset with that cute hot mess of a boyfriend.
She can't spend couple of minutes with him without touching.
So when he feels her moving behind him in bed then feels her arms wrapping around him.
He just smiles and whispers
 "thought you weren't letting me touch you" not moving.
"You're not. I am."
Then she add after a moment with a "shut up" 

**

When Liam got back home from work. She just had some things left to pack. And Zayn wouldn't be here for another hour.
So she starts packing after changing into something more comfortable her favorite tank top and shorts.

She was closing the last box just as he opened the door.
"Hey Jaan"
"Hey"

"You ready?" He says as he wraps his arms around her pulling her close.
"Yes" she kisses his lips.
He smiles into the kiss
"Then let's start taking them to the car" he pulls back taking his jacket off and his tie. Tucking up his shirt sleeve. 

The boxes aren't a lot. But aren't few also.
She closes up her apartment and putting the key under the rug for Harry who's taking her flat. 

When she closes the car door. Zayn smiles at her taking her hand and placing a gentle kiss.
She blushes. 

She loves him so much. She can't believe how lucky she was to have him. Her previous relationships were bad and the ones that wasn't, just didn't feel right.

**

After placing the last box inside Zayn's house. Liam is panting a bit sweaty.
Zayn comes behind her throwing the car keys on the table by the door.
"Welcome home"
Wrapping her in a tight hug.
"You're squeezing me, I can't breathe" she fakes gasping. 

He pulls his back still holding her.
"Oh really?" And he starts kissing all over her face and neck. Which makes her giggle and scream "stop. Stop"

He rests his forehead against her. Smiling at her.
"Ready to see the new addition?" He asks.
"Oh! I forgot about that" she says smiling wide as she pulls back. 


"Where?"
He wiggles his eyebrows "bedroom"

She raises an eyebrow "okay"
And starts walking towards the bedroom Zayn following close behind her.
"Am I going to be surprised with a red room or something" she teases looking back at Zayn.
He only smirks and shrugs.
Waving at the door.
She opens the door at first she didn't notice it felt the same till she was in the middle of the room. 

She saw the huge wall mirror by the bed. She turned to Zayn. Who only pointed up and she looked up and above the bed were also a huge ceiling mirror.
She whispered an "Oh my god" and walked to Zayn wrapping her arms around his neck jumping and he held her thighs. She kissed him hard and deep.
"You are unbelievable" she whispered against his lips.
"D'ya like the surprise?"
Liam nods.
Zayn walks to the bed placing her on it and pushing back till she was laying on the pillows.
She looks up at him biting her lower lip.
He pulls her shorts all the way down and throws it to the floor. 

"Sit up, so I can take your top off" he murmurs. he takes it off then starts nipping at her jaw and neck. He pulls back and starts taking off his clothes.
Zayn was so hard his dick slapping his stomach when he pulled them down. And Liam's mouth was watering.

He pushed her back gently placing himself between between her legs. Placing open mouthed kisses on the waist band of her panty lifting both her legs so he can pull them off.

He licks his lips as he spreads her legs.
"Want you to only look up at