The audience laughs and applauses as they knew instantly that he was referring to Dean. As the noise dies down, Misha continued, "And then he plays the character," Misha maintained a serious face as Sebastian and the audience laughs lightly at his cross-reference. Misha looks at his feet for a slight moment, his lips in a tight line, before he speaks again, "Well, uhm, as I said, Jared's always pranking us, me, on the set so, in that scene, Jared was in the room, you could just imagine how not-tense it was." Misha stretched out his hands, palm facing up at the asker, "So, yea, that was my very boring answer, to your, uhm, very intellectually stimulating question." Once again, the audience laughs and Sebastian shifted uncomfortably in his seat, finally sensing the tension and sad mood that Misha was in.
At that moment, Sebastian decided that he had to spice things up abit.
He raised his microphone and began, "Well, what's it like... Hmm..." He turns towards Misha, "I always thought that Castiel would do everything he needed to defeat Raphael." he then turns to the audience with a big smile, "But I had no idea that having sex with Mark Sheppard was on that list." He winks at the audience as the crowd of fangirls screamed in favour of the thought of the Angel and the King of Hell getting it on. Sebastian widens his eyes and nods, "I was mortified when I got wind of that. Imagine how Dean would feel!"
The cheer gets louder and louder, claps could be heard from every direction in the convention hall. Normally, Misha would have smirked and played along with Sebastian, saying things along the lines of, 'Well, to be honest, Dean is really non-reciprocal so, suck it.'  But no, not today. He didn't feel like making any Dean/Cas jokes today, after being cold shouldered by Jensen all day long. He managed to work up a tight smile, not even bearing his teeth as he exclaimed, "Wow." he shakes his head, "I had no idea you knew that much."
The audience again laughs lightly. Sebastian had half expected that Misha would rebutt with a subtle sexual comment regarding Dean. But, it seems that the blue-eyed actor was having none of it today.
Throughout the panel, Misha proved to be unentertained by interesting questions or by Sebastian's antics. The blonde actor tried hard to push Misha into a sacastic come-back but it proved futile. Misha was just having none of it tonight. The panel, however, went by smoothly, no fan went home unsatisfied and all was good.
Except for Misha.
-
They exited the convention hall via the guest exit. Misha walked out first, head hanging low, unwilling to draw anymore attention to himself. He just wanted to go back to his hotel room, have a warm shower and sleep off the bad memories. He had given up on the thought of talking to Jensen tonight, the younger actor obviously uncomfortable with his presence.
Sebastian caught up with Misha and lightly patted his back, this made Misha perked up and smiled reflexly at the witty blonde actor. "Hey," Misha greeted him.
"Hey yourself, what's up with you tonight?" Sebastian asked with a concerned look, the public persona no where in sight.
Misha sighed a heavy sigh and looked away momentarily before replying, "Uhm, I just... I just had a bad day, Seb. I don't know, man." Misha sighed again, shaking his head lightly. His mind ached as millions of thoughts ran through his mind. Is it over? Are we done? Did I let him down?
"Hey." Sebastian tapped him again, pulling the younger actor from his thoughts. "Is there anything - anything -  you want to talk about?"
Misha squinted his eyes and pouted his mouth, looking longingly at Sebastian. 'Should I?'  he thought. He really wanted to get things off his chest, to spill his guts out to somebody, anybody. But, Jensen has always been a very private person, he would not like things revealed without permission. Misha smiled weakly at his friend and shook his head lightly, "I'll figure it out. Thank you."
Sebastian nodded, "Okay, Misha, if you say so." He began to talk ahead, turning his head slightly and raised his eyebrows at Misha, "Call me. Please. If something goes wrong, okay?" He asked. Misha nodded and Sebastian went off, leaving Misha to ponder at his thoughts.
He continued walking towards his hotel, eyes closing for a little while as fatigue conquered his body with every step, coupled by the sad thoughts that is Jensen Ackles weighing down on him. He passed by the cafeteria that was on the hotel's ground floor, he could see Jensen laughing heavily as Jared was moving his hands about, probably explaining a joke. From the corner of his eyes, he also saw Sebastian coming out of