push her shirt a little over, to take a better look. She lets him for a moment, then shifts out of his grip with a grimace. 

“I walked into a door,” she says breezily. 

“You are seriously not even trying,” Kevin says suspiciously. “Is this a Jughead thing?” 

“No,” Betty checks her red lipstick in her compact mirror. 

“Are you going to tell me, or...?”

“No,” Betty says, putting her make up away and taking out her assignment. From the corner of her eye she sees Cheryl sitting very still and very alone. There's a black ribbon holding her white blouse closed at the throat. Through the sheer fabric Betty can see a dark place, upper arm, fingerprints. 

“No. Huh. Will I figure it out anyway?"

“Probably,” Betty says agreeably. 

If Betty had any doubts they end when she walks out of school and Cheryl is waiting in her red convertible, top up, sunglasses on, staring straight ahead. 

“Subtle,” Betty says, getting in the passenger side seat. Cheryl doesn't say anything until they get to Sweetwater River. 

“Morbid,” Betty remarks. 

“You'd think so. But he didn't die here. This was the last place I saw him. He was happy and we were going to see each other again. It's like he might be here still, show up while I'm waiting. It's a good place for me.” 

They put the top down, listen to the rush of the river. 

Betty waits. She didn't feel guilty, angry- for once she feels calm, like she had poured something into Cheryl in that locker room that she hadn't realized she'd been carrying, hadn't realized she didn't need anymore. 

After some time, Cheryl picks up Betty's hand. 

“You have ugly nail beds,” Cheryl says. 

Betty flexes her hand a little, her skin so much darker, her hands bigger. 

“Strong, though.” Betty says, unaffected. “Did you really bring me here to talk about your brother?” 

Cheryl puts Betty's hand on her thigh, on the black skirt and the pale skin there.”Yes,” Cheryl says. Betty slides her hand down, then up. Rustling cloth. A deep breath. Cheryl tenses. 

“Look at the river and think of Jason,” Betty advises, nipping at Cheryl's ear. 

~~

“Is this a new look for you?” Veronica notices eventually. She brings it up in the school bathroom, between periods. “I thought you might just be having an off couple of days, but you're really dressing like this on purpose.” 

“Mm,” Betty says, checking her eyeliner in the bathroom mirror. 

“It suits you, I guess, I mean- you have a good figure, you can get away with almost anything but the whole grunge t-shirt, tight little skirt thing- your mother hasn't flipped?” 

“She flips,” Betty assures her. 

“And that lipstick- what is that?” 

“Bad Blood No. 25.” There is an instant, a flash of recognition, of suspicion. Betty speaks first. 

“You want a copy of my Calculus notes? That test is next week. I color coded the section on derivatives for you, you got a 75 on the mock quiz for those.” 

Betty is, after all, still Betty. 

“Yeah.” Veronica shakes her head a little, just to clear it. Veronica Knows People. She knows she has seen Betty at her absolute worst. This is... nothing. Denial, Dismissive. “Yeah, thanks.” 

~~

Cheryl walks through the halls like a ghost. Her hair is less vibrant. She isn't even wearing lipstick (except sometimes, she wears it a little sloppy, a little smeared, no lip liner) and she doesn't need powder she is pale, exquisitely so. She finds Betty every chance she can get. 

She pulls Betty into the Blue and Gold office, gives her a little shake, pushes her against the desk. 

“Fight back,” Cheryl snarls. “Fight back or it isn't-” 

Betty's hands are a loving curve around her throat. She rubs the back of Cheryl's neck gently, working out the kinks. 

“It isn't what?” Betty asks, curious.

Cheryl punches her in the eye. 

Later, as Cheryl pulls up her skirt with shaking hand, gasps in wide, desperate noises for air as she rubs the redness around her throat, face flushed from the aftershocks, Betty looks down at her mildly. 

“Not the face, please.” She says primly, but she is not fucking around and Cheryl nods but is not sorry.  

~~

“I know what you're doing,” Jughead says without preamble. She is walking home from practice so her hair is up, she is primly dressed. If it wasn't for the lipstick and the shiner she'd look like his Betty, from before, and it's