“Read to me. So I know I'm not bothering you, I mean.”

Zayn huffs out a laugh, breathless from the feeling taking over his chest, a feeling he is not ready to name yet but it is there, somewhere, ready to bloom under Liam’s fingertips. “Yeah, alright. If you're sure.”

He shifts closer until their elbows knock together and he can smell Liam's sunscreen mixing in with the musky scent of his cologne. He drags his knees up to lay the book against them, angling it so Liam can see.

“I'm sure,” Liam chuckles, tucking his chin towards his shoulder to look at Zayn. It is hard not to notice how close their faces are, though it feels like miles away. “I like seeing you up there reading. Like a breath of calm when the kids get too crazy f’me.”

Liam's eyes widen in embarrassment, teeth snatching at his bottom lip like he hadn’t meant to admit that and it is so adorable Zayn wants to shove him to the ground and smother his lips with his own.

“I like coming to this park normally,” Zayn starts, knocking his elbow against Liam with a crooked grin and hoping to fade the embarrassed blush taking over his cheeks. “But I've liked it more this week, even though you've been distracting me from my book.”

Liam grins and it would be cocky if it weren't for the warmth in his expression. “Have I really?”

“Like now,” Zayn says playfully. “Come on, tell me if I read too fast or slow.”

Liam only chuckles again, softly before he eyes where Zayn’s finger slides under the words at the top of the left page.

+*

Liam doesn't have a dog.

He has a monster, or a dinosaur. It looks nearly taller than Liam, though the dog sits dutifully by his side, only every now and then glancing behind him when Rhino nips at his wagging tail. Liam’s other dog, smaller than Zayn’s puppy, lays between the larger dog’s feet, eyes clenched closed.

Gus is less impressed with the monster/dinosaur, head on Zayn’s lap, a brow quirked up as he watches Rhino growl at the tail, hunched onto his front two paws and teeth bared like he isn’t the sweetest animal in existence. Liam watches him, chuckling quietly and well -

It is nice, really nice being sat next to Liam even though it is a quiet and Zayn feels so awkward he might burst. He just keeps looking at Liam’s lips whenever he talks, and it is a bad idea because it makes his own words come out jumbled and his cheeks flushed and he is just embarrassing.

Liam’s lips are so obscene looking as they move, a deep red color, slick from the way he licks at them constantly every few words and Zayn is probably going to explode right here in Liam’s back yard.

“This is nice,” Zayn tries, shifting his legs some awkwardly. Gus huffs out, and Zayn swears that is his way of laughing at him.

“Oh yeah,” Liam responds, sounding genuine but Zayn is nervous he could be bored. That he thinks Zayn is boring because he feels like he is. “Watson likes the little one. It is hard to tell, but he does.”

Zayn chuckles, tickling under the monster dog’s chin.

“He is giving Gus a break from Rhino. Rhino drives Gus crazy sometimes. He is quite grumpy, gets it from me, I think.”

Liam grins, reaching his hand into Zayn’s lap to slide his fingers against the top of Gus’ head. Zayn gulps, eyeing the knobs of Liam’s knuckles and the thick of his fingers inches above his lap.

“You don’t seem grumpy to me,” Liam says quietly, giving Zayn an amused smile. “I always see you smiling.”

Zayn smiles then like he can’t help it, shifting a bit closer to Liam on the blanket they sit on. He doesn’t want to tell Liam that he can’t not smile when he is around him, since it is a bit addictive his smile, but he kind of wants to kiss Liam so he will know anyway.

He figures fuck it, since it is already a bit awkward, he should just tell Liam that it is hard not to smile around him, but there is the distant sound of a doorbell and Watson barks suddenly, making Zayn nearly fall over in surprise.

“Oh yeah,” Liam says, pulling his hand away from Gus before he stands up. “I er - ordered pizza. Hope that’s okay? Wasn’t sure like -”

“Yeah,” Zayn mumbles before Liam can finish, pushing Gus off of him enough so he can stand up too. Pizza makes it easier for Zayn to pretend it is a date for them and not their dogs, and he feels his cheeks burn at the thought.

Liam offers Zayn a seat in his living room while