mouth and groan above him. He lets Reaper use him.

“Ah, Jackie,” he croons. “You’re so good at this.”

Jack lets his teeth scrape his cock, just enough to warn. Reaper seems unafraid, bottoming out until his cock scrapes the back of Jack’s throat, Jack gagging, eyes watering hard as he places his palm on Reaper’s thick thighs, trying hard to steady himself.

“Careful, Jackie,” Reaper growls, pulling his cock out of his mouth and letting Jack collect himself, breathing hard, spit thick on his chin. “Wouldn’t want any unfortunate accidents, would we?”

“Fuck you,” Jack manages through the thickness of his scratching throat, his aching jaw. He spits at the ground by his feet, like he’s trying to escape the taste of him, but his arousal is heavy in his tented pants.

“Is that the plan?” Reaper asks. “You wanna fuck me, Jackie?”

Jack wants to tell him to fuck off, to leave and never come back. Reaper massages his fingernails through Jack’s scalp, the feeling like electricity on his skin. This is wrong, this is wrong, this is-

“Yes, sir.”

It’s tiny and desperate and aching, pouring out of his mouth before he can bite it back.

“I can’t hear you, Morrison,” Reaper says, before clenching his fists in Jack’s hair and wrenching his head back again, leaning in close to whisper, “What was that?”

His breath smells like smoke. His eyes are black and evil. Jack wants to spit in his face. Jack wants to shoot him. He could, could turn his gun on him and take him by surprise, end this once and for all.

“Yes,” he says instead. 

“That’s what I thought,” Reaper laughs, slapping his cheek hard enough to sting. “Good boy.”

Jack puts his gun on the ground, and it feels like he’s missing a part of himself when it’s out of his hands. 

Even still, he is entranced when Reaper peels off those godforsaken faux-leather pants that cling to his meaty ass and strong legs, scarred from years and years of battle. He is entranced when he sheds his cloaks and clothing, leaving nothing but scarred brown skin. He is entranced when Reaper bends down and pulls lube from Jack’s pocket knowingly, entranced when he pours the packet onto his fingers and greedily fucks himself open on them, rocking back onto his fingers on the cold cement ground.

Jack’s mouth is dry, face flushed. He wants to touch him. He wants to grab him and shove his cock inside of him and fuck him until forgets his name. 

But he doesn’t. He’s patient, watching Reaper, watching him throw his head back and growl his arousal. He’s patient, his cock aching in his suddenly too-tight jeans, until Reaper looks back to him. It’s enough of a sign for Jack, who pulls himself forward and runs his hands over Reaper’s ass and bites back a stupid groan at the feeling of his skin. 

He spits onto his fingers and circles Reaper’s hole. He’s aching for this- it’s been so long, so long since he got to feel Gabriel.

Reaper, he reminds himself.

He shoves his fingers into him and Reaper groans.

“Yes,” he growls, pushing himself back onto Jack until his palm touches his ass, as far deep as Jack’s fingers can go. “Fuck me, already.”

When they were younger, they could spend hours here, in the half life between fucking and foreplay, just enjoying each other’s touch. They could kiss and grind and not even come, not for hours. 

Now, it’s all they’re together for, all they’re there to do. There’s no laughter, no smiling, no love.

“Jackie,” Reaper warns.

“Shut up,” Jack growls.

Jack pulls himself from his pants, cold air chilling on his skin. He presses against Reaper before sliding in slowly, inch by inch. There’s not enough lube, Jack thinks. It must hurt. 

Good.

Reaper groans, pushing back to meet him until Jack bottoms out. He starts moving before Jack does, riding him, huffing, “Hurry up, Jackie.”

Jack grabs his hips, slams into him hard. He watches Reaper shudder. They fuck like they’re fighting, snapping hips and slapping skin. Jack slaps Reaper’s ass as hard as his hands will allow and Reaper moans at the heady mix of pleasure and pain.

Reaper’s voice is rough as he takes Jack’s cock. Jack can feel himself getting close, Reaper taking him deep and hard.

“I want you-- to cut me,” Reaper says. Jack can feel his expression change, but his pace doesn’t change. “Hit me. Hurt me. That’s what you-- want, isn’