Cas over. Cas blushes when he realizes this and crosses his arms over his bare chest.

“No, no! Don’t cover up, I like looking at you.” Dean says jolting forward in his chair, arms out stretched as to try and stop Cas from covering his chest.

“I’m nothing special, there’s nothing there to look at.” Cas says, walking over to the bed to grab his shirt. Dean stands up and quickly walks over to Cas, grabbing the shirt from him and throwing it to the ground before grabbing Cas by his waist.

“Why-” Cas starts.

“Don’t.” Dean says, holding Cas close so he can’t move. “Please don’t. I like you like this.”

Cas tries to move away and pushes gently against Dean until he is free.

“Why are you so worried about me seeing you without a shirt on?” Dean questions, crossing his arms, plainly getting frustrated. “Especially after what we did last night. I’ve seen every part of you, why don’t you want me to now?” 

Cas grunts and picks the shirt back up off the ground and lifts it over his head. “It was dark last night.” He says blandly.

“Castiel Novak. It wasn’t that dark.”

“Why do you want to see me so damn bad?” Cas asks fervently. 

“Because I like you and we fucked last night and you are beautiful Cas!” Dean says throwing his hands in the air on Cas’ name. 

“No, I’m not.” Cas states looking Dean square in the eyes.

“That’s what this is about?” Dean asks, realizing the problem. “You are insecure? How can someone as gorgeous as you be insecure?”

“No, it’s nothing.” Cas says, pacing the small room.

Dean is quiet for a few minutes before grabbing Cas’ hand to stop him from walking in circles.

“Stop, you’re gonna make me go crazy if you keep moving like that.” He doesn’t let go of Cas hand, but pulls him closer, setting his other hand over the fabric on Cas’ stomach. “Even if you can’t see it, to me, you look amazing.”

Cas smiles a little and covers Dean’s hand with his own. 

“No, I mean it. You are hot. Super sexy if you ask me. I couldn’t wait to get in your pants and frankly, I’d do it again, right here right now, if I didn't want to finish my coffee.”

This time when Cas smiles, his eyes light up and his teeth show. Taking this as a hint, Dean lifts the shirt over Cas’ head and looks down at his chest, tracing the slight outline of muscle with his fingers. Then he straightens up and kisses Cas, his hands still holding his chest. 

“Thank you.” Cas whispers against Dean’s mouth.

Dean is lying in the hammock, his sunglasses on and his hands behind his head, propping him up. Cas is also in the hammock, laying right next to Dean, using deans arm as a pillow for his head as he reads. Dean is asleep, his head tilted at an angle so it is resting on top of Cas'. Cas' fingers flip through the pages of the textbook he is studying, his eyes seeing the words but his brain not processing them. Giving a huff of breath, Cas closes the book and drops it onto the forest floor. He rolls over onto his side and curls up against Dean, putting his head on dean's chest. Dean murmurs in his sleep and shifts a little so his arm is around Cas' shoulder. Cas is bored and not in the mood to be ignored. 

“Dean?” Cas says, poking Dean’s side. 

“Mhphh.” Dean grunts and rolls his head around so he is facing away from Cas.

“Dean” Cas says again, holding the ‘e’ sound out much longer than needed.

“Whadoyawant.” Dean mumbles, the words stringing together, 

“I’m bored.” Cas replies, poking Dean’s side again. 

“I’m sleeping.” Dean grunts.

“No you’re not. You are trying to but I am making it almost impossible.” 

Dean moves his head back to face Cas. “You’re a child.”

Cas gives a laugh and rolls over onto his stomach, using his elbows to prop himself up. being that the hammock was not very big, this maneuver showed itself to be quite more difficult than first anticipated. “If wanting you to pay attention to me makes me childish, than a child be I.” Cas says triumphantly.  

“Well I hope you aren't actually a child because I could be convicted for the things I do to you.” Dean says smiling. 

Cas leans down and kisses him. They have been unofficially dating for a couple weeks now, and Cas can honestly say that they have been the best days of his life. Dean doesn’