than usual but I was outlining future chapters/direction of the plot. Next chapter we'll be back to RWBY's perspective, and changing up the major perspective characters too! Oh, fun times are ahead~

So team SLVR are still, arguably, not the greatest or most moral characters ever. Silver did threaten to kill Cardin, but he has dealt with people like him so often it's understandable he would have a short fuse. Red and him are naturally inclined to protect their own people, they are inclined to disagree with White Fang methods, Silver more than Red perhaps, but they agree there needs to be some group/protective element of the Faunus. Also I just really wanted Cardin and his goons to get beaten up. 

We also got a look into Red's weaponry, her hexagonal barrelled magnums charged with different elements of Dust. She's a crack shot with a remarkable sleight of hand. I imagine the names of her weaponry would be similar to the implication of her full name "Red Herring" in the sense they would be called "Deception" and "Wile" the second one being more representative of a wily Fox. 

There was also a look into their past, the tragic childhood of all three other members besides Viridian. Silver and Red never knew a regular life, and have no real illusions to a perfect world. They're far more attuned to the horrors that exist in the world than others would be. Linen's history and Character were expanded upon a little, but I'll let him shine in a later chapter. Gave a few hints into his personality and past, but keeping it obscured for now. 

And yes, the first years Velvet referenced was of course Team RWBY, everybody should have gotten that. That's sure to spark some tensions, I'm sure. 

Oh, and another win for Silver. Make that 4 and 0 for Silver and 1 and 0 for Red. They're the perfect combination, in my opinion, they mesh perfectly together. Red supplies cover, and Silver presses their opponents. You could swap Silver out for Viridian in theory, but she's more focused and composed for the job.

Yang is back in action and ready to resume her role as a Huntress in training. Team RWBY is also introduced to the new arrivals...


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Yang was in the midst of locking her gauntlets over her wrists and arms, testing the spring-loaded mechanism by activating and deactivating the gauntlets several times on each arm. There was no reason or indication to believe Ember Celica was in anyway malfunctioning or not up to standard, but being around Ruby so much had led the elder of the two siblings to understand the prudence in active maintenance of one’s weaponry. It wasn’t the worst trait Yang could have had rub off on her from her little sister (that was undoubtedly Ruby’s addiction to sugary treats. Yang could never manage a diet like that and stay as relatively thin as Ruby was, even if the brunette retained some baby-fat) and Yang was thankful for the distraction.  

It was meant to be the first day in which she had been cleared by medical personal to resume the more strenuous activities that befell Huntresses and Huntsmen attending Beacon Academy. There was worry she may be rusty and, even if she never wanted to admit it, that very idea tormented her. It had only been a week since her release from hospital, but the whole event had shaken her considerably. A good showing in a sparring match during Professor Goodwitch’s class would certainly do her good, but that didn’t prevent the very thing she was trying to cure from flaring up and costing her: both her rustiness and insecurity. 

One wrong move, one misstep and she could once again find herself defeated. She had started the latest semester with so much confidence after finishing third in the Vytal Tournament and finally having exercised her demons over Weiss and her feelings about the heiress with that particular thread ending in a cherished romance. But ever since then, it had been loss after loss. First, she was cost by dumb luck in a match where she had Pyrrha’s number. Then Silver had appeared and soundly incapacitated her and Blake with noticeable ease. And finally, when it looked like she was certain to get a degree of revenge on him, misfortune struck and her Mother ran her through. It was, with no exaggeration, the toughest time in her life to believe that if she just got back up and kept swinging, she would win. But she had to. She knew that if losing was inevitable, and unstoppable, then giving in only solidified and made it even more unavoidable. So, she would shoulder her burden, and draw strength from it. She would draw the inexorable will to overcome and not fall prey to her own demons.

She still wasn’t sure how to feel about that. Her Mother. Once more, the woman disappeared, leaving a hole in the blonde, in more ways than one. Not a word, or apology, not an excuse or shred