what he’s doing?” Liam sighs.

“First thing’s first lets go out and see these places. I think we should look around, maybe even get into the data room.”

“How do you expect to do that? They usually don’t just allow you access to that kind of stuff.” Liam, Liam, Liam. Zayn picks the file up in his hands.

“Don’t underestimate the abilities of these two.” Simon reminds Liam. “Sneaky little boys they are.” Zayn grins and Louis smirks.

 “Tomorrow, too late in the day to go now. We can’t think about the possibilities tonight.” Zayn stands and heads for the exit.

.

Louis and Zayn are on a little puddle jumper flying over to Florida.

“Have you ever been to the states Louis?” Zayn asks taking a sip of his orange juice he so kindly asked for from the flight attendant. “I’ve been twice. Once to Florida, and once to California.” Louis flips the page of his magazine.  

“No, but I’ve been to Canada a few times, its chilly up there. Especially in Quebec.” He shivers for effect.

“Really? It’s really muggy in Florida, the opposite of home. Well, it does rain, but it’s not a cold rain.” Zayn looks out the window. “Basically if you take a shower on a Monday you probably won’t be dry until Friday.” Louis wrinkles his nose. “And you might grow some moss.” Zayn cracks a smile.

“Gross Zayn. That’s nasty.” They sit in a few beats of comfortable silence. “Do you like Liam, Zayn? He’s a nice guy right?” Zayn sighs. He was hoping Louis wouldn’t bring up Liam. Zayn doesn’t want to think more about him. He might just accidentally figure out he feels something for him. And he can’t let himself do that to someone as wonderful as Liam.

“Yes I like him. And he is a nice guy. What about you and Harry? You guys are pretty friendly.” Louis blushes and elbows Zayn in the ribs. “Snogging on the couch.” Zayn fake scoffs and rolls his eyes. “That’s my couch too you little fuck bunnies!” Zayn starts to laugh when Louis covers his face. “I don’t think I’ll ever be able to look at it, much less sit.”  

“You’re a dick Zayn.” Louis mumbles under his arms. Zayn laughs.

“Thank you for noticing. How old is he anyways? He looks really young.”

“Yeah he’s seventeen, be eighteen next February.”

“What?” Zayn gasps. He’s seventeen?! Zayn barely got in when he was seventeen! And Harry has been working here for a year? He was sixteen?! Well, handling a spy and being one are two different things. Maybe the age thing is different if you want to be a handler than if you’re an agent.

“Yeah you know his mum right? Well she put him in as a handler because she wanted him to get a feel of what it’s like being an agent without being an agent. Didn’t want to rush him.” Zayn raises his eyebrow. “I know sounds bullshit to be as well. I think his mum just didn’t want him going into such a dangerous job so young.”

“What sparked the little fling you guys have?” Zayn changes the subject. Louis sighs.

“It’s not a fling. At least not to me it’s not.” Louis leans his head back against the seat and looks at Zayn. “And I don’t even know. We had just met and he was awkward and hot at the same time and somewhere in between that day and the next week we were something. It’s all a blur really.” Louis sighs with a content smile on his face. “He’s really great Zayn. It’s only been a year and I already think I love him. Is that a bad thing Zayn?”

“No. Not at all Lou, not at all.” In fact I think I already like Liam and I met him yesterday. Except he doesn’t say that.

.

“Alright we’ve landed in Boca Raton and we’re headed out of the airport now.” Louis says into his small ear piece. Zayn fixes his suit jacket sleeves, and slips on a pair of sunglasses. He’s really going to need them in this bright sun. Maybe a black suit wasn’t the smartest decision ever, but it’s really just what he wears. “We’ve got to stop by a clothing store first. Suits are going to be too obvious and hot. Pay with cash. Do you have any American money?” Louis asks Zayn. Zayn pulls out a wallet and fans out bills. Louis nods.

“We’ve got both headsets connected somehow and so I can hear everything Agent Tomlinson says.” Liam tells them. Zayn