with a watery fear.

He waved his hand, nothing, nothing, it’s nothing. Don’t stop. Keep moving now.

And he patted the handle of the Colt tucked into his belt and the act brought him a small jolt of what he had come to consider a feeling of relief.

The Older Boy was taking a turn pushing the cart. The Younger Boy fell back a step and reached for The Man’s hand. He allowed this, just for a moment, and then gently shook free of the small grip. It felt as though The Younger Boy’s fingers were tightening around his heart.

They walked on.

---

He had stopped trying to bully them into sleeping in their own bedrolls. The Younger Boy had been part of The Older Boy’s sleep for nearly the entirety of his life. Every night they would settle down slowly falling into sleep, breathing one anothers air, warming themselves in one anothers heat.

Sometimes The Man would be woken by soft whispering and he would recognize the cadence of The Older Boy telling simple stories of the mother, the words tangling into The Younger Boy’s hair. The Older Boy’s arms a cradle. And in those darkling hours The Man could listen too, holding his breath until his lungs burned.

In the mornings, he woke before them, the two asleep, mouths moving in troubled dreams, starving pups suckling the dead bitch.

In the desolation of the lonely plain, The Boys had one another and who was he to cleave them apart, an amputation of the soul, the heart of each of them held in the others hand. No, better this way. But on some nights he could not bear to see them wrapped around one another and knew he could not bear to pull them into his own arms and he would move to the far side of the fire and curl around himself and count the dead suns in the coffin sky.

---

The monster found them late in the afternoon. It had taken the thing almost an hour to do so and The Man was reassured by this. The length of time. They were getting better at hiding, being hidden, remaining unseen. Of all the things he had one time thought to teach his Boys; this then was his legacy, hide and stay hidden.

The monster crested the small hill and nearly fell on top of them as the dirt crumbled away beneath his boots. The Older Boy squirmed sideways to cover The Younger Boy with his body but the creature was faster, better fed, and he reached down quickly and as fast as a knife cut had The Younger Boy by the sleeve, then the arm, then around the neck.

The Man pulled the Colt out, away from his body, the steel of it leaving a trail of cold on his belly. His hand was steady, the barrel unwavering. His fear feeding his ravenous rage.

Put him down. Let him go. Now.

For a crazy moment he thought the monster might actually answer by bending his head and tearing into The Younger Boy with his broken teeth and ragged lips. The Older Boy saw this movement too and choked out a silent no. The Man hushed him while locking gazes with The Younger Boy. His nod imperceptible, waiting, The Younger Boy blinked yes. He pulled the trigger and the monster’s head exploded, dead on his feet. The Younger Boy hit the ground with the corpse but The Older Boy leapt across and scooped him up, under the armpits, pulling him against his own boy body, his feet on the ground running now. The Man shoved the Colt back into his waistband, grabbed for the packs and followed.

That night, The Boys slept curled around one another. He watched them for a long time, the light of the small fire flickering across their faces. Then he pulled the gun from his belt and opened the chamber. The casing fell into his palm, empty.

Relief became a kind of despair.

He let the other two rounds fall into his palm and pushed them around with a finger. Two live rounds, one empty casing. Two bullets left. He thought he might begin screaming and he picked up the empty shell and put it on his tongue. The spent sulfur taste of it calming him. He closed his eyes and swallowed.

When he slept he dreamt his mouth was cavernous and if he opened it wide enough he could consume the world.

---

No day was a good day to die. There would be no good death for him. Life must be more about living for death to matter more than dying.

The Man pulled the acrid air into his lungs, the embers in his heart almost ash now, all gone to ash.

Up ahead of him, in the road, The Boys were playing a game by rules known only to them. The Man had spent years trying to sort it. He had never asked. He really didn’t want to know. There was a kind of magic in watching them play, the reassurance of a masterly card trick.

The game involved a pocketful of rocks, two gnarled sticks, the ends worn to knobs, and a