in his throat and summoned Crazy Diamond, willing it to punch Rohan in his goddamn face. The stand moved forward, fist pulled back, but stopped short of hitting him. Josuke’s eyebrows knit together in confusion. “Wha…?” He tried to will his stand again, but was still unable to hit him.

“Do you honestly think I would set this up without having a plan first, idiot? You can’t attack me, physically or in any other way. You’re helpless.” Rohan watched as his words sank in. The confusion was still there, but now he could see fear. 

“Why are you doing this? What are you doing?”

“Why? Simple, because I hate you. After tonight you can consider us even.  As for what…”

Josuke flinched at the implications. 

Rohan walked over and lifted Josuke’s shirt slowly. Josuke blinked in confusion until fingers lightly skidded over his stomach. He gasped as fire lit under his skin. Rohan pulled his hand back, watching as Josuke bit his lip, eyes closed tight.

Rohan chuckled lowly. “Oh yes, we’re going to have a lot of fun.”

Josuke opened his mouth to say something, but cut himself off with a grunt as Rohan trailed fingers down his stomach again. “Why does it hurt?” Josuke murmured. 

“Because that’s what I wrote on you. You’ll be begging for it to end by the time I’m done with you.” Rohan replied with a nasty grin.

He pushed Josuke’s shirt further until it was under his chin and leaned forward to take a hardening nipple in his mouth. He brushed his tongue along it lightly and reached for the other one, pinching it gently. Josuke arched as far from the touches as he could, pain blossoming from each tender lick and stroke. Rohan played with them a little longer because kissing and licking his way down the boy’s chest to his abs. He lavished those with utmost care, taking pleasure in the gasps and whimpers of pain and the way the muscles jumped underneath. 

Rohan made sure to make eye contact as he undid the zipper on Josuke’s pants. Josuke began pulling at the ropes as hard as he could, mouth “no” silently as panic set it. Rohan merely smirked as he pulled Josuke’s pants and underwear down to his ankles, freeing his half hard erection. “Hm, are you enjoying this? Perhaps you’re a masochist”, he purred. He ran a finger lightly down, from tip to base, and almost moaned at the responding cry. 

Rohan took a firm grip and began stroking slowly, watching Josuke shake and beg intently. Rohan found that Josukes voice wasn’t so annoying when it was loud and uncontrolled with agony. He hadn’t planned on it, but he felt himself getting hard. He considered ignoring it, but realized it could make this game that much more enjoyable. But first he wanted to enjoy Josuke a little more. 

Rohan leered at Josuke as he trailed down until he was facing Josukes cock. He gave a Cheshire grin before poking his tongue out and opening his mouth wide. Josukes eyes widened and he didn’t even have time to plead before Rohan took him in his mouth, easily taking him to the base. The answering shriek made Rohan’s cock twitch. He began to bob his head up and down slowly, groaning when he saw Josuke was actually crying. He was tempted to lick those tears away, but it was much more enjoyable to continue to cause them. The sounds coming out of Josuke were almost inhuman, screams and unintelligible words escaping his throat with barely any breath in between. 

Rohan pulled back, a string of saliva and precum following his lips. As much as he wanted to draw this out, his erection was bordering on painful, so he supposed it was time to get to the main course. He stood, and began to undress. Josuke watched with glazed eyes, breathing harshly at what he was sure was a short reprieve.
Josuke flinched as Rohan straddled his hips. Rohan called Heaven’s Door out (chuckling when Josuke whimpered) and used the stands power on himself, writing “I am prepared for anal sex” with a flourish. He closed his pages quickly, almost shaking in anticipation as he aligned Josukes cock with his entrance. He paused as a thought occurred to him.

“Are you a virgin?”

Josuke was too out of it to answer, staring sightlessly ahead of himself and whimpering pathetically. Rohan didn’t wait for an answer, he sunk down to the hilt, groaning as he was filled. Josuke wailed at the feeling of being burned alive consumed his lower half. He babbled incoherently, though the words “please” and “stop” were understandable. Rohan felt almost high as it filled his ears, it sent warmth straight to his core. He rode him hard and fast, moaning mixing with Josukes hoarse cries. The sounds died back down to whimpers, as if Josuke was to exhausted to even scream, though tears continued to trail down his face, along with snot