to a stop near the base of the bleachers, watching their gym teacher. 

She moved her arms out the the sides. "Well?" she demanded, "Get changed! Let's go!" She put the whistle into her mouth and blew it as she walked to the center of the room to wait. 

Adam came off the bleachers and dropped down beside Samandriel, who stood to wait there for him. 

"This should be fun," Samandriel said sarcastically. He rearranged the strap of his bag and headed with Adam toward the boys change room. They both tossed their bags into the pile and headed into the room, passing the other guys in there as they went to their lockers. 

"If one of us steps on Hester, do you think she'll make us sit out again?" Samandriel asked. 

Adam laughed as he was pulling his shirt off. "Oh probably," he responded, "Hester would demand it." 

Samandriel laughed too, rustling around in his locker behind Adam. Both teens got dressed quickly and headed out to the gym, not making haste even as they were the last to arrive and get seated. 

"Back in action, Adam?" Kevin asked, grinning as he held up a fist. 

Adam bumped it with his own, smirking back as he took a seat beside his Asian friend. Samandriel dropped down on the other side of him. "Yeah, make sure you stay out of my way." 

Kevin laughed, his eyes widening for emphasis as he said, "Believe me, I will." 

"Okay," Rachel said loudly, her voice echoing around the gym as she cut off any conversations. "Today is a freeform day, so just do whatever dance you want that matches the music, okay? It has to be something we learned--I don't want to see any grinding or Gangnam Style. I'll grade everyone on execution. Tomorrow is your written test, so make sure you know your stuff. If any of you fail it, I'm going to be really disappointed because I gave you like, one page of notes." Before she got too off topic, she held a hand up. "Get up, and let's get started." She turned to leave the circle as everyone shuffled to their feet before she called back, "Pike and Milligan, you get to dance with each other! Everyone else switch partners between songs!" 

Getting to his feet, Adam frowned, glancing at Samandriel's equally confused expression. He took a few steps in their teacher's direction as she stood across the room, putting a tape into the old-style system that would play it over the speakers. 

"Mrs. Hevn," He called, "I'm supposed to dance with Samandriel?" 

She shot him a bitchface, and even from that distance it was pretty potent. The sound of static came over the speakers. "Yes Milligan," she said loudly back, "I can't risk anyone else getting hurt." The music started, and there wasn't any more chance to argue. 

The class started pairing off, most eyes on the two boys as they stood awkwardly beside each other in the center of the room. There were more than a few snickers at their expense, and Samandriel scratched the back of his head. 

"Okay, well, this ought to be.... interesting," he offered.

"Don't you dare dip me," Adam said, holding his hand out. He held his fingers vertical, allowing Samandriel's hand to be tilted and therefore letting the other get into the leading stance. Adam figured that, since he sucked either way, he'd let Samandriel lead them. Samandriel laughed at the other's comment, putting a hand around the small of Adam's back. The blonde's hand landed on the other boy's shoulder and they stood as far apart as was possible for a long moment. 

Rachel was coming toward them and she decided she needed to comment on the situation. "Pike, Milligan! How about we pretend the Grand Canyon isn't between the two of you?" She rolled her eyes and positioned her whistle in her mouth--not because she really needed it, but because she seemed to blow it any chance she got. 

"I should mention I can only handle the two step," Adam said as they shifted closer together. He avoided looking at his dance partner's face, and did his best not to focus on the eyes of his classmates either, who were glancing their way rather conspicuously. 

Samandriel groaned as they started moving, starting off slow. "We are not doing the two step for a whole hour, dude." 

"I think we are," Adam replied. "We don't have much choice." 

"Sure we do," Samandriel replied, pulling Adam closer against him so that he could talk quieter into his friend's ear. "We make our way toward the door, and when she's not looking we slip out." 

Adam tried not to shiver at the voice in his ear but failed, his fingers tightening on Samandriel's