dashed as fast as she could down her gray route home, ignoring all the odd stares she had gotten. With thoughts of her friend swimming through her mind, the little gray sidewalk she bounded across seemed a bit more colorful. Quickly, she opened the front door, stormed up the stairs, and jumped into bed, closing her eyes and awaiting the sight of her angel.






 Marinette arrived to see her prince by a small ice cream cart, leaning on it, and holding her favorite; pistachio ice cream on a red velvet cone with whipped cream and a cherry on top.(2) 






 “Une glace my lady?” Adrien asked. Marinette laughed and took the ice cream from her friend’s hand, licking off the whipped cream first. She was surprised when a splash of a familiar sugary sweetness erupted on her tongue.






 “Mmm… Adrien, I had no idea I could taste things here!” Marinette exclaimed, eyes shining and heart warm. Adrien nodded happily in response and took her hand.






 “I told you, this is your dream Marinette. Anything can happen, whatever your heart wants. This isn’t fake you know, I’m not just a dream.” Adrien whispered, kissing Marinette’s knuckles. Marinette laughed, and scooped some ice cream on her finger. Sneakily, she smeared it onto Adrien’s nose, and grinned cheekily.






 “Looks like you’ve got a little something there handsome boy.” Marinette chuckled. Adrien looked cross eyed at his nose, and then adopted a mischievous catlike expression.






 “Two can play at this game Princess!” He challenged. Adrien grabbed a dollop of whipped cream in his hands, and started to chase Marinette, eventually getting some on her nose. As the sweet made contact with Marinette, the two erupted in laughter, tumbling down a newly formed hill, made just for them. Adrien rolled over on top of Marinette, and blushed.






 “Hey Mari, you wouldn’t mind getting this stuff off me would you?” He asked, bashful. Marinette knew full well what he meant, and without a moments hesitation, she kissed his nose, getting the ice cream. The two were a blushing, laughing mess, and continued to be until it was time for Marinette to leave. As the pair approached the door, Adrien kissed Marinette on the cheek, and wished her good morning. Marinette returned the favor, eyes as bright as candles, and exited through the door.






 These dreams continued day after day, Marinette growing happier in correlation. She was much more attentive in class, and raised her hand to answer questions. Over a few weeks, she brought her C’s to A’s, earning stunning marks on her quizzes and tests. As Marinette was listening to a Chemistry lecture, her mind drifted to a dream she had with Adrien a few nights before.






 Marinette entered her dream in a bed of white flowers, all with golden tips. Instead of her usual ladybug dress, she was clad in a beautiful white ball gown, with a long red ribbon around her waist. Adrien wasn’t with her that time, so she had to go looking for him. She noticed the floor was covered with water, running smoothly and looking as clear as crystals. She also saw beautiful luminescent bubbles floating in the air, all very large and in a disparity of colors.






 Excitedly, Marinette ran to the center of the room, which held a massive fountain, water running over the edge of it’s pool. She noticed her reflection in the water, and waved to it, giggling to herself. Surprisingly, a gloved hand emerged from the floor, and waved at her as well. Marinette jumped back, and then realized it was most likely Adrien. Sure enough, the blonde angel appeared from the floor, greeting Marinette. He looked up at the ceiling, and snapped his fingers. This appeared to cue the lights to dim, and gorgeous music to play.(3) It sounded beautiful, slightly melancholy piano resonating throughout the echoing room.






 “May I have this dance my Lady?” Adrien asked, hand outstretched. Marinette’s heart felt like it was going to burst. She gently accepted his hand, and the two began a steady waltz to the music. They danced in tandem, almost as if they had practiced for years. A step to the right, a step to the left. Up, and then down. A spin to make things interesting. The two were in a state of pure bliss, so happy to be with each other. At the climax of the music, Marinette pulled Adrien in for a hug, which he accepted whole-heartedly. 






 “Adrien… thank you. So much.” Marinette whispered, a blush ghosting her face. Adrien hugged her tighter and hummed into her hair. No words needed to be said, the two of them together were comfortable enough in each others arms. Sadly, the happiness couldn’t last forever, as the two could feel the sun coming up in the real world. Marinette sighed, and looked at the floor, noticing her depressed reflection in the water beneath her… however under