octave higher.

Kageyama only turned away from him.

"Huh, are you afraid?" Hinata taunts shakily. "Are you afraid that your toss might suck? Hah, B-Bakageyama, how cowardly!"

Hinata did not expect Kageyama to take the bait. That's why they're on the gym court once again, and Hinata's slapping his cheeks because if he fucks this up once more, Kageyama may or may not toss to him anymore.

So when Kageyama sets, Hinata jumps. In mid-air, Hinata could see Kageyama and his hands in his peripheral vision and he shakes his head wildly. Not now, Hinata. So he closes his eyes and regrets it because, damn Hinata you're fucking it up once again, good job! But he feels the ball hit his palm so he spikes the ball blindly.

The satisfying sound of the ball hitting the floor made the whole gym quiet. And from the sidelines, Captain Sawamura chokes on his water and Sugawara smiles softly, commenting, "I think we found a new way to fly."

☆

By some miracle, they became close after that. Although they still bicker every now and then about childish stuff, ("I can't believe you, Kageyama! No one picks vanilla over chocolate!") Hinata can't deny that Kageyama's probably his closest friend.

They went from being "just volleyball teammates" to "lunchtime companions" in a span of one month. Hinata also learns that Kageyama's not so bad at all. His dictatorial attitude was a product of his middle school days and his inferiority complex to his senior, who is also a setter, and a very good one at that. Kageyama's also starting to come out of his shell and sometimes laughs a bit when Nishinoya cracks a joke about him instead of sporting a scowl.

Now, they're currently studying over Kageyama's house and Hinata can't focus. Once again, it's all Kageyama's fault. His hands are gripping the mechanical pencil and Hinata can't help but marvel over how the joints of his fingers jut out while he's writing. Kageyama notices this and frowns. Hinata gulps.

"Are you looking at my answers?" Hinata shakes his head. "Good. Do your own homework."

Hinata scoffs. "Why would I look at your answers? You're equally as stupid as me, Kageyama."

Kageyama glared daggers at him, enough for Hinata to feel chills travel up his spine.

"T-T-Tsukishima said so!"

Needless to say, no homeworks were finished during that night.

☆

It's Monday and Hinata's convinced that he's cursed. His bicycle broke so he's forced to run, tripped over a rock, was late for morning practice, (Sawamura let him off but not without interrogating him.) and lost a good amount of yen.

Now, he's being lectured by his homeroom teacher, reminding him of finals exams and how he needs to keep his grades up but Hinata can't sit still because he's getting late for volleyball practice.

When his teacher let him off, he practically made a beeline towards the door because he can't afford to get lectured by his captain again.

He sees Kageyama walking outside his own classroom, frowning. Hinata guesses that he got lectured too. They share the same sentiments, after all.

That doesn't change the fact that they're both late for volleyball practice. Hinata doesn't know why he is about to do this, but he goes to Kageyama, grabs his hand and runs towards the gym screaming, "We're going to be late for practice, Kageyama!"

Hinata didn't know where he got the courage to hold Kageyama's hand, but it seemed that the setter didn't mind at all. He only ran with Hinata, and paid their clasped hands to no mind. When they got to the gym, they're both panting. Kageyama opens the changing room door with his free hand— not letting go of Hinata's hand and Hinata feels his face go warm.

☆

Sweltering summer days have come, and sweltering summer days meant complaints about the heat, exhausted panting after a good game, and buckets of sweat after volleyball practice. Hinata liked the sun, sure, but the sun isn't really merciful today.

"It's so hot. Kageyama, let's buy ice cream."

And that's how they ended up sitting on the field of grass at the back of the school, popsicles in hand as they talk about fleeting subjects. Mostly volleyball, which isn't surprising at all.

Kageyama licks at his ice cream (and it's vanilla-flavored, god help Hinata) and Hinata is lying if he says he isn't distracted at all. Maybe it's the way Kageyama drags his tongue against the popsicle slowly or the way he licks his hand whenever the melted ice cream drips down to his wrist. It makes Hinata all weird inside, like there's something happening in his abdomen