, Derek easily kicks away Blake’s gun and cuffs her, knee between her shoulder blades.

  Erica rushes into the room a moment later to get the cuff off of Stiles’ wrist, giving him a short hug. “Glad you’re alright, batman.”

  Derek looks up and frowns, eyeing the blood. “We have EMTs coming, you should—”

  Stiles waves them off and stumbles to Lydia, giving her a fond pat before picking up his tea and taking a great swig. He makes a face. “It’s cold.”

  Derek could kiss that stupid pout off his face.

 

iii.

Derek would wager that he has almost as much trouble sleeping as Stiles does, so when he accidentally sleeps in an hour late and wakes feeling more than refreshed, he can’t find it in himself to even care that he gets a talking to from the Sheriff. And he likes Derek, so it’s mostly just a pat on the back and a “Don’t do it again”.

  And judging on the fact that it is almost ten, and Stiles is usually in his lab by eight, he’d assumed he was in the clear to bring Stiles the last of the office bagels; if Stiles was bad at sleep, he’s atrocious about eating (evident in his skinny frame), so it’s office policy to bring the Sheriff’s kid food whenever possible.

  “I wouldn’t go in there, if I were you.” McCall heads him off a hall down from the lab, door newly reinstalled from the Blake debacle two months before. McCall looks exhausted, hands shoved deep in his labcoat pockets.

  “Why, what’s wrong with Stiles?” Derek tries to look over McCall’s shoulder, but he’s still too far from the lab to actually see anything.

  McCall rubs his eyes and groans softly. “Stiles ran out of tea, and it won’t get here until tomorrow.” That’s a dire situation, indeed.

  “I really need those tapes from yesterday,” Derek mumbles, then holds up the bagel bag. “You think he’d be more accommodating if I brought these?”

  “I have no idea, boss.” McCall tosses his shoulders carelessly, shaking his head. “Deaton needs me downstairs, sir. If you’ll excuse me.” He ducks down and slips past Derek, shuffling down the hall to the elevator.

  “McCall,” Derek calls. “After Deaton’s done with you, get some sleep, alright? The lounge should be open all day.” McCall mock-salutes as the elevator doors close.

  Derek sighs and shakes his head, rubbing a hand over his jaw thoughtfully. After a moment of thought, he presses on and braves the rest of the walk to Stiles’ lab. It truly looks horrible compared to usual; Stiles, while cluttered, is usually neat enough to not have papers on the floor, but he seems to have given up all pretense of organization for the day.

  Stiles is bent low over a microscope, grumbling loudly to himself and ordering the sample to obey his commands and match something from one crime scene or another. Even from here, Derek can hear the music blaring from the thick headphones he has on. His hair is precinct legend too, but it seems even worse than normal: flat and floppy rather than it’s usual gravity-defying. It actually looks a little... sad.

  Derek takes a deep breath and pushes the button for the door. Stiles doesn’t look up as it slides open, nor when Derek enters and sets the bag of bagels on the table nearest to his hands. Completely absorbed in his work as he is, muttering under his breath so fast Derek can’t actually understand him, Stiles also doesn’t notice when Derek starts going through the absolute mess that is his desk.

  He finds the tapes near the bottom, neatly labeled (you’d think Stiles would have the messiest scrawl anyone’s ever had the displeasure of reading, but it’s actually quite elegant) and signed out in Stiles name. Derek smiles. Just a little.

  Stiles is still resolutely concentrated on whatever’s in his microscope, so Derek does his best to slip out unnoticed. He thinks he succeeds.

 

iv.

“He’s lost it.”

  Derek looks up from the file he’s reviewing for Erica, to a stricken-looking McCall standing over his desk. A glance at the clock tells him that McCall and Stiles should have left for lunch nearly thirty minutes ago. “What was that, McCall?”

  “Stiles. He’s lost it.”

  Derek frowns and closes the file. “What do you mean?”

  “He’s...” McCall waves his hand vaguely, hair frazzled. “I don’t know, boss. He hasn’t slept in, like, a week, and he hasn’t had his tea, and his lab is an absolute wreck—”

  “Scott, isn’t his lab... usually a wreck?”

  “Not like this, sir.”

  “Aren’t you on the science genius