meant snack time for the rotten, and Jaebum didn't feel like being nibbled on right now. 

Jackson looked at Jaebum as if he had just insulted him straight to his face, nose scrunching up in disgust. "Are you crazy? Where we're going was built for us for this specific time of night, it's perfect! And don't worry, it's just a bit further, one minute I swear". 

Jaebum stayed quiet after that, looking around the desolate streets of Seoul and feeling clostophobic even with him and Jackson most likely being the only living things for miles. 

The feeling of warm skin meeting his made Jaebum jump, as he looked to his right and saw Jackson intertwining their fingers and locking them in place firmly. The gesture bought immediate calm, making Jaebum unintentionally let out a small breath he didn't know he was holding. Jackson just beamed up at the taller, his smile bringing a blush onto Jaebum's cheeks. The physical attention he had been receiving from Jackson all day was a little overwhelming. Going months without love and affection and then all of a sudden getting so much in one day had hit him pretty hard, and it was obviously spurring Jackson on more. 

However, it wasn't long until some biters appeared, standing stationary in the middle of the road. It was an eerie sight, the rotten corpses simply swaying about, waiting for any sign of life before they would swing into action and bring your whole world crashing down. 

Jackson didn't seem fazed, simply arming himself with his inscribed bat and sneaking towards the closest one. One swing and the corpse is easily down on the ground, unmoving. The impact of the body brought the other corpses to attention, and they quickly moved towards Jackson. 

Without thinking Jaebum runs up next to Jackson and quickly snatches up one of the small knives kept in Jackson's belt and continues forward to one of the incoming biters. 

Jackson has no time to process what's happening, Jaebum already sending the blade into the head of the monster, ending the kill by yanking the weapon out forcefully. The man is already onto the next one, kicking the fucker in the knee and sending it crashing to the ground as it's leg comes clean off. Jaebum ends it quickly with a clean in and out stab to the decaying head. 

Jackson thinks back to when he found Jaebum with his shitty little screwdriver, no longer thinking that the object was so useless of a weapon if Jaebum was the one wielding it. 

Jaebum began readying himself for the next kill, but was interrupted by Jackson flying in from behind and landing an upward swing on another monster's jaw, an audible snap echoing throughout the empty city. 

The monster fell to the ground and Jackson looked back at Jaebum, blood covering his smirking face. "Didn't know this was a contest. I would of done fancier kills from the start". The man winked and stuck out his tongue towards Jaebum, bring out a smirk on the older. 

"It isn't a contest-" Jaebum says and pauses as he throws his knife straight into the head of an oncoming biter getting a little to close to the oblivious blonde. "-If I'm obviously the winner".

Jackson whips around to see the lifeless corpse next to him, in shock at the close call and the precision of the throw. The boy's face is priceless, his mouth gawking in amazement as he turns to face Jaebum once more. "I may have severely underestimated you." 

Jaebum laughs at the response, walking back towards Jackson, when suddenly the younger throws another one of his blades an inch away from Jaebum's face and straight into a biter. This time it's Jaebum's mouth that goes slack, no breath leaving him for a good ten seconds. 

"But learn lesson #3 of Z.A life 101- never underestimate Jackson Wang". The blonde simply smiles coyly before crouching down and pulling Jaebum's knife out of the biter next to him and placing it back into his holster. 

Jaebum finally breaths again, his mind refocusing after the realisation that he could of just died. He quickly puts on his cool persona once again and releases Jackson's knife from his kill, walking back to the boy. Jaebum looks down over Jackson, eyes heated with sudden vigour and fire, a small smirk appearing on his blood drenched face. "Lesson learnt..." Jaebum puts Jackson's knife back from where he took it, jostling Jackson slightly from the power behind the action, eyes unmoving from Jackson's. "...Mr Wang". 

Jaebum noticed the shiver run through Jackson, his little hitched breath and and his pupils shaking from the name. Jaebum only smiled wider, sliding past Jackson and continuing to walk down the road to their destination, even though Jaebum still had no clue where it was. 

After a few quick steps, Jackson was once again taking the lead, still looking flustered. Jaebum was about to tease, when Jackson suddenly stopped and pointed towards what Jaebum recognised as a renowned night club, except at this point in time it looked 10 years