with Moriarty.

"You'd know -- you live with one, too." To hell with it. He swallowed the last of his beer, and carefully fished a tenner out of his shirt. It took effort without unsettling Jim from his perch, because the last thing he wanted to do was spill Jim onto the floor when that was as close as he ever got to affectionate.

"I'll be seeing you soon, John," Jim said as he started to shift, and yeah, he liked that razor edged possessive vibe. "It's a pleasure to see you join the game. It means I get to play with you, too."

He let his hand go looser, just in case Jim wanted to move away, or shift in closer. But god, it felt good. It was the not knowing that settled low in his stomach, left him feeling comfortable as he popped a chip into his mouth. "So. Your flatmate put you up to this?"

"I… well," John looked nervous. "I was going to say no but I'm not sure myself now." Oh, he knew that feeling of being casually used by his partner.

He'd thought it was odd of Jim to firmly recommend he go there, but it left him wondering what clues he'd left for Sherlock to lure him to place John there. Jim was staring at John quite openly, wide eyes more menacing for the innocence they'd likely truly never held for a second in their lives. "I suppose the question is, what now?"

"As I guess you and Sherlock have managed to have your conversation, I'm going to go now and make sure there aren't blood stains on the wall," John replied with a surprising amount of backbone. Yeah, he had a feeling Jim might underestimate him.

"Oh good. Do you mind if I finish your chips?" Jim started to slip off of Seb's lap, getting close enough to John to make him flinch. But he didn't flinch, and Seb kept an arm loose on Jim just in case. It was a moment he would've personally taken to hurt Jim, if he'd been the Doc.

But there was the difference. He could see it in him, that need to remove the threat, but he didn't move. Jim would see that as a weakness, but he knew himself it needed more strength not to react.

"Help yourself," he said curtly

Jesus bloody fucking a two star. Jim was humming to himself, and Seb didn't interfere, didn't react except to wait, to wait and surprise himself to catch John's eyes. They ruined things, after all. It was what they *did*, ruined things, tore the world down around themselves and enjoyed it, revelled in the madness, but it was the quiet moments, the tiny instances where he was actually needed to be Jim's bodyguard, that were all adrenaline and no fun.

The movement when it came was a surprise, and it was John pushing his stool back to stand, just fast enough and sudden enough to say 'I could if I had to.' "I hope you don't hold it against me if you get a cold. I might have coughed on them."

"No, no problem at all." Jim was all slow drawls, wild smirks of his mouth as he popped one in his mouth, and Seb finally relaxed, turning his head enough to finally catch sight of Sherlock. Now it was a party, wasn't it? He'd been waiting for something that looked like a threat to his flatmate.

"I think we're done here, Jim..."

“Oh, it's true. Well this has been fun," Jim said with a smile and a flippant salute at Sherlock as he literally swept out of the room.

Nothing to do but follow in Jim's wake, shaking off the nerves and letting himself ebb into feeling Jim's shifts as they left the bar. That had been the point -- he could reach out and touch John, if Sherlock wanted to play games like that.

"Well that was fun, wasn't it?" Jim said with a bounce in his step and a broad grin. "Oh, if I'd realise quite how much fun the doctor was, I would have played with him before."

Seb couldn't quite shake off the feeling that it all could've gone very badly in a moment, for little payoff. "He's fun all right. He's got teeth," he uttered, falling into step with Jim.

"But like kitten teeth!" Jim said gesturing broadly. "Sherlock is *beautiful* in his adequacy. Really it's a pleasure. Everything seems so much fresher and brilliant now."

He found it in himself to grin, shoving his hands into his pants pockets. "I'd like to test those kitten teeth sometime, see what he's made out of." But not where Jim could get himself caught