gave his body a twist and sat with his legs dangling over the table while he looked to me. “Alright Sherl, first part of the game is to get Daddy hard.” 

Sherlock swallowed. I wondered what he knew about sex. I was sure he had read about it but there was this small part of me that imagined that that kiss that we had exchanged earlier came from him growing up watching Molly Ringwald movies. 

Sherlock brought his hands to move down his thighs before one moved down and in between his legs. It curled around himself and began to stroke slowly as I watched. I could feel the want in me stir. After a few minutes Sherlock got off of the table and proceeded to the floor before me. His hands ran up my thighs and opened my pants to pull down to my ankles, along with my undergarments. I ran my hands through his curls and took hold of his head. Pulling him upward I brought him in close to me. “Open your mouth.” Sherlock opened his mouth and I slid myself in and pushed for the back of his throat. He kept his mouth open and I thrust myself over and over into his awaiting mouth. The pleasure was something to be accounted for, for surely he could do better than this. My fingers wound within the tendrils of his hair and I pulled them taut. “Be a good boy Sherlock and suck like we both know you can, better yet-“ I drew myself out of his mouth, to the tip of his tongue. “Stick out your tongue.” He obeyed and I ran my head, in swipes, across the elongated line of pink before I gave a tap to both sides of his mouth. “Let’s try this again.” I loosened my grip on Sherlock’s curls and once more he curved his lips around my shaft. I gazed upon him and watched as a bead of sweat slid down from his brow. 

This, this is what I found beautiful, It wasn’t so much that Sherlock was on his knees with my cock in his mouth but that he was lost within his need to submit to me. Deep down within the inner workings of all that he was Sherlock Holmes was a submissive aching for some one dominating enough to come to call to whisk him into euphoria, and honey you have seen nothing yet. 

I kept myself intent on Sherlock, making sure to capture his every breath and every need. I could feel him twitch against me and I sensed that like myself he wouldn’t be satisfied until he tested all of his limitations. 

“Sherlock that’s enough.” I took myself from Sherlock’s parted lips and let my head drop to the side for one second to study him. The cogs in my head began to turn and I began to conjure up just what I wanted to do with him for the rest of the evening. I straightened myself up and brought my neck one way then the other to give it a wholesome crack before I stepped from my shoes and fixed my tie. I kicked off my pants the rest of the way before kicking them off to the side. I moved around the table and gathered up Sherlock’s scarf and brought it behind him. “Give me your hands” Sherlock looked back at me puzzled for a moment.” For the rest of the evening you are mine and will do what I say, otherwise you can forget the fact that I am here at all and simply go home to Baker’s street and your otherwise boring life.” I leaned in closer to press my lips to his ear. “Or you can be mine and I will promise you a complete and total surrender of control.” 

Sherlock slipped his hands behind his back and I tied them up with his scarf tightly. “Now follow me.” I said and proceeded to head for the kitchen at the back of the restaurant. I reached the door and watched for Sherlock who began to rise to his feet. We met in the kitchen and I aided Sherlock to a prep table before I started to rummage through the refrigerator. I pulled out a few items including a tub of mashed potatoes, gravy, and more wine. I set them on the prep table beside Sherlock. I urged him to lie on the table and uncorked the wine. Taking the bottle I carefully poured wine down between the linings of his ribs before I lowered my head to lap it up with my tongue.  Sherlock Shivered underneath me. I lifted my head and looked to him. “This is how this is going to work Sherlock, I am going to eat with you as my plate and every time you twitch or make a sound I am going to punish you. I am going to do this until you beg me to fuck you. “ Sherlock’s eyes darkened and I cracked a smile. “You and I both know that is what you want, but I am not going to give it to you until you confirm it from those pretty little lips. Now, may I continue?” Sherlock’s lips curved and he gave to me his own look of near deviousness. The game was on. He nodded. “