from the costume and from his small, barely there touches. Sephiroth didn't even lay a finger on him yet.

Sephiroth smiled, and a predatory glint in his eyes enhanced his dangerous and lusty appearance. Cloud nearly shuddered. His erection stirred, getting slightly harder.

"Put it on," Sephiroth repeated.

"That better be turned off," Cloud grumbled in defeat, glancing at the video camera. "And it stays off."

"It will," Sephiroth promised.

As Cloud slipped the soft dress on, he cursed Sephiroth again. Cursed the man for always getting what he wanted. Cursed the man for being persuasive and manipulative.

Cursed himself for willingly letting himself be manipulated so.

"Very nice," Sephiroth commented, his eyes wandering about Cloud's body. The top part of the lingerie was strapless and well hidden under the dress, which hung loosely around Cloud's frame and was short enough to reach just above Cloud's knee. Frills covered the spots from below Cloud's waist to the edge of the bottom of the dress.

Cloud let his head hang low, embarrassed. Sephiroth took pity on his lover and waggled a finger. Cloud crept forward slowly, anger and humiliation evident in his eyes.

"Here," Sephiroth said, pushing on Cloud's shoulders until he kneeled. "It's not so bad, is it?" He cupped the blond's chin, rubbing a thumb over his pet's cheek.

The pouting blond looked back at him with a glare, promising revenge after this was all over.

Sephiroth chuckled and ran his fingers through Cloud's hair, pulling gently on some strands and massaging the scalp while his left hand unzipped his pants. He pulled Cloud by the hair, then released him.

Already knowing what was asked of him, Cloud nuzzled the spot between the base of Sephiroth's cock and Sephiroth's leg, offering a small, teasing lick to the base, moving upwards to nip at the underside, and finally kissed the tip. He blew on the tip once, twice before taking it into his mouth. Sephiroth hummed in approval and lay back against his seat, lazily petting his lover with his left hand and keeping his right hand idle.

Cloud descended, then came back up, licking and nibbling the head before descending again. He pulled on Sephiroth's testicles, massaging them as he moved up and down on his length. He looked up at Sephiroth and narrowed his eyes at the pleased expression he got in return.

Bastard. Cloud swore that the man got off on his bruised pride. He pinched the base of his lover's penis as minor revenge. Sephiroth twitched and smacked the top of Cloud's head, nearly choking him with his cock. He pulled Cloud off of him, holding the coughing and gagging blond's face.

"I don't believe I can let that go unpunished," Sephiroth said cryptically, no sign of anger in his tone or facial expression. Cloud shuddered – partly in being unable to read his lover, partly in anticipation.

Not bothering to fix himself up, Sephiroth roughly lifted Cloud and held him over one shoulder, ignoring the kicks, punches, and demands that he put his pet down.

Exiting the living room and entering the bedroom, Sephiroth pulled something out from the closet and threw Cloud on the bed.

Dazed, Cloud scrambled to get upright until a hand roughly shoved him back down. He felt something wrap around the back of his knees and ankles, and he squirmed and kicked more, not heeding Sephiroth's command that he keep still. He panicked more when he could no longer move his legs at all and struggled more violently when Sephiroth pinned his hands down.

"What are you doing?!" Cloud's panic morphed into rage when he saw a lewd smile on Sephiroth's face. "Let me go!" he yelled angrily, trying to break free of Sephiroth's grip.

Sephiroth was much too strong for Cloud, and he used that strength to his advantage. Only a few minutes of angry protests from his lover and slight difficulty on Sephiroth's part later, he was done. Sephiroth stepped back a bit to admire his handiwork.

Cloud's arms and legs were tied flat to the bed, every single part of him completely touching the sheets except for one.

His bottom was in the air.

Cloud remained silent, instead quietly observing Sephiroth take out a tube of lubricant. He huffed and pressed his forehead against the mattress.

"Don't be mad," Sephiroth said, massaging Cloud's butt through the dress and panties. He gave a satisfied smirk when he pulled the dress against Cloud's crotch and saw the erection still straining against its barriers.

"You don't really hate this," he continued, running his hands up both of Cloud's spread thighs, slipping one hand inside the dress and pulling down the underwear. He pulled on the tip of Cloud's erection, feeling moisture. "Look."

Cloud refused to look. He was pissed.

Sephiroth sighed and moved close to Cloud's ear. He licked and blew in