Yui and clinging to her.



"Suboshi?"



"...Right!" Suboshi blushed, pulling back and preparing his Ryuuseisui. 
"Show your face and fight like a man!" he yelled to the figure.



Then the person revealed themselves. Brown hair, a long pink and red 
winter coat, and a shocked expression.



"M...Miaka?!"



Yui stumbled backwards.



"Y-Yui-chan!"



Miaka froze. 'I must've walked farther than I thought!' Her first instinct 
was to panic, especially when she saw Suboshi standing by Yui. She shook 
her head, dissuading herself from these thoughts.



'Even if he's an all-powerful Seiryuu Seishi, he's still only my age!'



Now that that was settled, she could go over and try to talk to Yui, 
right?



'She hates you. She'd never listen. You're only the source of all her pain 
and anguish, after all,' the voice in her head whispered. Miaka sighed. 
She wished she could just ignore that voice in her head, but she knew it 
was right. She had messed up. She was the reason Yui was angry with 
her!



'I can't!' Tears sprang to her eyes. 'But...I have to. I can't keep 
running away from this...I can't just rely on Suzaku to bring us back 
together. If I want to make things right again, I have to do it myself!'



Silently steeling her resolve, Miaka slowly walked over to Yui.



Yui, meanwhile, was frozen in one spot. Her head was spinning; what was 
she going to do?! Miaka was coming right over, and she didn't know what 
she was going to say. Hell, she still didn't know what to think! Her 
heart pounded, and her knees felt like they were going to turn to water.



'Oh God, why did she have to be here, why did I have to run into her 
now?! I just realized all that I did an hour ago, I can't deal with 
this, I...I have to run away!' Her mind cried 'run', but her legs 
wouldn't listen. She closed her eyes, swallowing the lump in her throat 
as Miaka approached her.



"...Yui-chan..."



But before Miaka could say anything more, Suboshi, sensing Yui's distress, 
threw himself in front of her.



"DON'T move another step, priestess of Suzaku," he growled. "She's in 
enough pain without you coming over to fuck with her head anymore!"



Miaka yelped slightly, stepping back.



"Suboshi!"



"You stay away from Yui-sama, you stupid wench!"



Miaka's eyes narrowed. Normally, she would silently glare at Suboshi and 
walk away, maybe a bit of fear etched in her heart. But she was NOT in the 
mood to let any insult of his, no matter how little, slide tonight.



"Don't you dare call me a wench, you bastard!" she screamed.



Suboshi blinked, then narrowed his own angry brown eyes at her.



"What did you call me?"



"That's right, the 'wimpy' priestess of Suzaku dared to stand up to you. 
Go ahead and throw your stupid Ryuuseisui at me, you empty-headed psycho," 
Miaka snapped.



"I'd rather not spill your blood in front of Yui-sama, she might not like 
it," Suboshi said. "But, hitting your ugly face sounds like a good idea." 
He curled his hand into a fist and lunged at her, but Miaka was too quick 
for him, dodging out of the way before he hit her. Suboshi yelled out in 
pain as his fist slammed into the tree.



"HEY!"


"I've had just about enough of you and your 'I'll flay you alive if you so 
much as look at my precious Yui-sama' ways!" she growled. Suboshi glared 
at her.



"Hey, you watch what you're saying, priestess of Suzaku!" he snapped. "I 
know the whole story. How Yui-sama waited in vain for you to save her but 
all you cared about was kissing that stupid Tamahome! And now, you have 
the nerve to try and speak to Yui-sama?! If you so much as look at her 
ever again, I-"



"Oh, SHUT UP!" Miaka screamed, leaping forward and slapping him across the 
face. Suboshi screamed.



"WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR PROBLEM?!"


"Stop acting like YOU and YOU ALONE own Yui-chan, and get over yourself!"



"Well, you stop being such a Goody Two-Shoes who wants to LOOOOVE 
everyone!"



"Well, I certainly don't like you! That a good enough start?!"



As the insults and screams continued to fly back and forth between her 
so-called enemy and her most loyal Seishi, Yui could only stand there, 
eyes wide with shock. But when the punches began to fly, she snapped out 
of it, storming up to them.



"STOP IT!"


Miaka