gonna say that I tried… 


 

"Bucky..." Steve exhaled his name on the tail end of a gasp. He would probably leave imprints of his fingertips in Bucky's shoulder. His chest felt tight and his heart hammered against his ribs and the base of his throat. He felt Bucky's teeth nip down on his collarbone, a warm tongue teasing the fluttering pulse. Steve moaned helplessly and he felt Bucky's hands quickly popping buttons to his shirt.

 

"I really can't stay, Buck." His hands covered Bucky's on his chest. He opened eyes that he didn't remember closing as he tried to remember why exactly he was trying to leave in the first place.

 

"Baby, it's cold outside! "

 

"You're very pushy you know. "

 

"I'd like to think of it as opportunistic, pal. "

 


 


Bucky was very skilled at making Steve lose his mind. It was always so embarrassing to Steve when he came apart in front of Bucky but there was no one else he could even imagine being seen by like this. He became absolutely mindless when Bucky touched him.

 

"I simply must go, Buck ." Steve was still determined. There was no way he could stay the night in Bucky’s apartment. His mother would worry, the neighbors would talk, he could even imagine how it would be if Steve tried to leave Bucky’s apartment still in his rumpled clothes from the night before. Bucky was stubborn but so was Steve. Bucky could smooth talk and coax Steve all he wanted but he wouldn’t budge...he hoped.

 

"Doll, it's frozen outside ...let me warm you up." The brunette licked his lips. He had managed to sneak Steve’s shirt and tie off and was trying to ease the blonde out of his belt and his slacks. His eyes consumed the way Steve looked like this, the fire was still burning and it kept the flush on Steve cheeks on the sweat on his skin. He loved watching Steve’s chest dip and heave as he tried to regulate his breathing and keep from needing his inhaler. He hated when Steve struggled to breathe and gasped for air but there was something that curled up warm in Bucky’s chest when he saw how much he could reduce Steve this; to him to basking in his pleasure to the point that he forgot to breathe.

 

Everything about Steve was beautiful; Bucky couldn’t get enough of the other man no matter how much he tasted him. He tugged at Steve’s belt with clumsy fingers. His own member was hard pressed against the front of his trousers but all he wanted right now was to feel Steve’s cock in his hand and wrap his mouth around that warm musk.

 

"The answer is "No", Bucky ." A slender hand held his belt closed. Steve’s cornflower blue eyes were blown black, the pupils dilated with lust but Bucky could see he was starting to think again, which was absolutely unacceptable on Christmas Eve.

 

"But, Stevie, it's far too bad out to be anywhere else." Bucky pointed out as if it was the simplest thing in the world to realize. 

 

"This welcome has been...more than I expected, Buck ." The blush on Steve’s cheeks deepened but he kept his eyes on Bucky as a smile curved his lips, warm and tender.

 

" How lucky that you dropped in then, pal ." Bucky soothed his hand along Steve’s thigh, spreading his legs a little wider so he could nestle between them. He rubbed his cheek against the cloth covered cock that strained against the fabric of Steve’s trousers.

 

"So nice and warm ..." The words were exhaled on a startled gasp of delight. Steve’s fingers spasmodically tightened in the dark strands of Bucky’s hair.

 

The fingers in his hair was all the encouragement Bucky needed. He growled heatedly as he mouthed at the front of Steve’s pants. His hot tongue traced the hard outline, feeling it twitch against his lips. “Bucky…” The whine drifted to his ears but Bucky could still hear a hint of resistance.

 

Bucky lifted his head and glanced at the window, the snow had not ceased to fall. The window was low but he could see the snow beginning to pile up to the window seal. " Look out the window at that storm! "

 

The storm would take hours to make Brooklyn into a thriving city again tomorrow. Bucky had to bang out his front door window last year to shovel out his door to even be able to leave his apartment. The storm looked like it was going to be just as bad this year. He knew without a doubt there was no way he would even be letting Steve leave this apartment. Two could play at this game.

 

"My mother will be suspicious, Buck ." Steve protested weakly, but his own eyes watched the snow continue to pile up.

 

It was in that moment Bucky realized with glee that he had won. Even though Steve would continue to protest he knew that Steve would give in to him as he always did. He