is a sharp reminder to Emma that this man, such a charmer, is not just a stranger at a party. He’s her future husband. His compliments, so seemingly earnest, are likely an attempt to make his wedding night more enjoyable.

"It’s not for your sake." He snorts.

"Oh?"

"I only dress for men I care about," Emma says humorlessly, "And I’m afraid you’re not in my books." His eyes darken slightly.

"If we’re to be married," he murmurs, "Don’t you think it would be wise to get along?"

"My good opinion is earned," Emma hisses, "And don’t think I haven’t heard all about you, Killian Jones."

"Have you now?"

"You act so quiet and modest," she sneers, "But you spend your time robbing your own people with a group of pirates."

"I spend my time sailing the seas," he snaps back, "And I assure you, Princess, that I can be persuaded to be anything but quiet and modest.”

Disgusted, Emma turns and stalks away, not turning around to see him slump against a wall and shut his eyes in misery.

She takes a walk in the palace gardens the next morning, guilt for her behavior towards the Prince eating away at her, but for some strange reason her feet take her to the docks. There she finds Killian sitting at the edge of one, feet dangling over the deep blue water and eyes trained on the horizon.

She sits down beside him without a word.

He breaks the silence first. “I’m sorry.”

“For your disgusting flirting or for the fact that you feel the need to in the first place?” she wants to ask, but instead all the says in reply is, “So am I.” Silence again.

She allows herself a quick glance and finds his eyes on her as well.

"Which ship is yours?" she asks. He points to one floating a few hundred feet away.

"The Jolly Roger," he says with pride, "A marvel, is she not?"

"I wouldn’t know," Emma admits, "I haven’t been sailing before." His eyebrows rise. "Does that surprise you?"

"I’m going to marry a woman who has never been sailing," he muses aloud, drawing a chuckle from Emma before she can help it. "Is that a laugh, Swan?"

"An unintentional one," she clarifies quickly.

"I’ve been known to be entertaining every so often," Killian says with a small smile. "And I truly am sorry for our little exchange last night. I was out of line."

"So was I," Emma says. "I suppose I just can’t help resenting you for being the man to keep me from-"

"Your freedom?"

She meets his eyes, so blue and piercing and understanding, and nods.

"Aye," she says in a poor imitation of his voice, "You could say that."

"Well this is rather fortunate," he remarks dryly, "I find myself resenting you as well."

Emma offers him a tight smile. “We’re the perfect pair.”

They revel in their unhappiness together, walking along the docks and reminiscing of the days before they knew each other. He gives her a ring, and together they throw it into the sea, laughing and wishing that their engagement could disappear as easily as the silver band.

The wedding is set for the beginning of summer. As spring brings new life to the kingdom, Emma finds new life in teaching Killian about the land he’s never known. She brings him to her armory, secretly grinning while he admires her vast stash of knives, armor, and swords. She offers to teach him how to throw knives, but he says he’d have little use of them at sea, where he will be as often as possible after their marriage.

He challenges her to a duel, and after easily besting her (“Good form, love, but not good enough.”), tells her that if he’s being forced into marrying anyone, he’s glad it’s her.

"I still wish you didn’t exist," he adds.

"The feeling is mutual," she replies.

He never does bring her aboard the Jolly Roger, and she never shows him her nursery. Both places seem pure, untainted by their engagement, and neither is willing to let their last symbols of freedom tainted by the other’s presence.

"What will you do?" he asks one day during one of their rides through the forest. "When I’m at sea?" Emma brings her horse to a stop, unsure.

"What I did before, I suppose," she says, "Pretend I’m not married, sneak out of the palace, sharpen my swordfighting skills …" He watches her for a short moment before nodding and riding ahead of her. "And you?" she calls out, spurring her horse into a canter to catch up with him. "Classic