. Damian stopped the group at the doorway to the bedroom, giving a slow nod. "Slow and quiet. We do not want to frighten them more than they are already frightened." He said and the others nodded.

He entered the bedroom and as Dick followed behind him, he blinked. There was nobody in there. Either the hostages had already escaped -- unlikely -- or Damian had led them on a wild goose chase. He was beginning to think it was the latter, until there was a noise from the other side of the bed. It wasn't a cry or a whimper it was a --

"Okay kid, what in the hell is going on?" Jason asked, his tone clearly expressing his annoyance. "This is a really stupid joke. I had things to do tonight."

"You had nothing to do tonight, Jason." Tim interrupted before looking toward Damian. "But what is going on?"

"Quiet!" Dick stopped them from ganging up on the pre-teen, stepping past Damian and following the noise he had heard from the other side of the bed. He reached the foot, peering by the side and let out a sigh, covering his face with his palm. "Damian, this certainly isn't a hostage situation."

"What are you even talking abou - " Jason had followed him, now standing behind him and peering over Dick's shoulder. "Cats." He said blankly. "You had us break into someone's apartment because they had pet cats? Hate to break it to you kid, it's not a hostage situation. People can have pets."

"Wait." Tim shook his head. "That cat looks awfully skinny."

Sure enough, there was a tiny cat, curled in the corner with numerous kittens who looked like they had just opened their eyes. Like Tim had said, the mother cat's fur was patchy and her ribs were visible beneath the dark gray fur. She had sores all over her body, ones that reminded Dick of BB pellets which made him sick to his stomach. The cat looked up, looked frightened of the group of boys standing there, staring at her.

"...She's been abused." Tim said, turning to look at Damian who was standing by the door, a sad look on his face as he nodded.

"I saw her on patrol last night. She walked up to me and let me pet her, I could tell somebody was abusing her. Cats don't just look like that so I followed her home."

"Why didn't you tell us in the first place instead of creating some story about a hostage situation?" Dick asked, stepping away from the bed and toward Damian.

"Because I knew it was not as important to the three of you as it was me." There was a defeat in his voice, one that broke the heart of his three older brothers.

Dick felt his heart fall at that. Damian thought what was important to him wasn't important to them. And maybe a litter of kittens and an abused mother cat was just a little bit under the Joker threatening to bomb the center of Gotham but...but it was still important. It was still an injustice. He walked over, wrapping his arms around the current Robin who didn't even try to fight it (that time), gave him a quick squeeze before pulling away. "Damian, you know you can tell us anything. We're your brothers."

Thankfully, Dick wasn't the only one who seemed to pick up on Damian's current heartbreak. "He's right," Tim spoke up. Dick knew the two of them had their differences, more like brothers than any of them, but he appreciated Tim stepping up. "If this is important to you, it's important to us. Besides, this is an injustice and we fight against injustice, right?"

"I agree with what those two said but can't we save the heart-to-heart?" Jason spoke up. "Because the owner will be home soon and we still need to figure out how the hell we're getting these cats out of here -- and where they're going." He had left the foot of the bed, walked closer to where the mother cat was huddled with her kittens.

"Todd! Be careful," Damian pushed away from Dick, moving closer to where Jason was now squatting in front of the animals. "They're scared."

"I'm not going to hurt them." Jason shot back, carefully reaching out a hand. Almost automatically, a kitten that was more black than gray picked up it's little head, sent Jason a curious look before moving an inch closer, just enough where he could gently pet it. "See, this one likes me."

"It's a miracle, something likes you." Tim smirked before turning his attention to more serious matters. "Jason's right. We need to figure out how we're getting them out of here and soon. There's more of them than there