he’d ever experienced. This month, there was a blue pepper, and he found himself hoping that it tasted a bit more like a pepper and less like someone had lit a match in his mouth.

He located Parrish in an aisle of berries.

“Hey.”

“Hello,” he replied, looking up from the basket of freshly picked fruit. “How was your mission?”

He shrugged. “Pretty uneventful. Medieval society, doesn’t use the gate much, uninterested in trade. I brought you back some flowers, left them in your office.”

“Thank you, Major,” he said with a smile. “I’ll check on them this evening.”

“What are you working on?”

“Chef Eggerton requested some berries for breakfast tomorrow. Care to help?”

“Sure,” Lorne said, sitting down on the bench. “Hey, blueberries, my favorite.” He picked a few from the basket.

“Oh, Major, don’t-”

But it was too late, he’d already bit down.

Parrish stifled a laugh as Lorne grimaced. “Not blueberries,” he said, his eyes watering.

“Yes, well, Dr. Kole mentioned that they tasted more like a very sour grapefruit. Which I might have told you if you had any patience.”

“Oh my god,” he said, struggled to gulp them down.

Parrish laughed again, but handed him a small, greenish kumquat. “Here, this one is sweet.”

Lorne carefully bit into it, letting its sweet juice comfort his screaming tastebuds.

“What is it with the Ancients and their extreme produce?” he asked after a moment.

Parrish shrugged. “Perhaps their time in space was boring, so they liked to add some spice to their meals.”

“Well, my day job is plenty dangerous. I don’t think we need our mouths under assault when we’re at home.”

“Then don’t eat the blueberries.”

They sat in relative silence, picking fruit, for a while.

“They’re screening Captain America tonight,” Parrish said. “Would you care to accompany me?”

“Sure. Hey, do you think Captain America survived the apocalypse?” Only after he’d asked it did he wonder if it was too early to make almost-jokes about the end of the world.

“I like to think so,” Parrish said. “Though I’m sure he’s too busy to continue making movies.”

“That’s a shame.” He wondered how long it would be before society resumed making movies for entertainment. Perhaps the other colonies already were, but Atlantis had plenty of excitement to keep the busy.

And speaking of excitement.

“All senior staff, please report to the control room.”

“Duty calls,” he said, sliding to his feet. He gave Parrish a quick kiss. “See you tonight.”

 

Of course, he didn’t return until much later than expected, because they’ve only narrowly avoided disaster. Again.

By the time he was back on Atlantis, it was well past midnight AST, and he was exhausted. He sat through yet another check up, with his eyes mostly closed the whole time, and was grateful to the nurses, who were saints for not commenting on just how terrible he knew he smelled.

“Aye, you’re all done here,” Beckett said. “Off you go, get some sleep.”

And really that was all he wanted to do.

The journey to his quarters felt outrageously long, though he knew it was only about 8 minutes total, from the infirmary to the transporter to his room.

He kicked his boots off by the door, then checked in on the boys – his sisters kids – both fast asleep in their rooms. Sometimes he felt guilty, continuing to go on life-threatening missions when they’d already lost so much, but he couldn’t see an alternative. Sheppard would, of course, approve his request to take a desk job, or more routine missions, but that wasn’t what he wanted. What would he do in a desk all day?

In his own room, he was unsurprised to find Parrish curled up in his bed. Lorne smiled, and quietly retrieved a fresh shirt and boxers.

Finally stepping into the shower felt incredible, washing off all the dirt and grime he’d accumulated behind his ears and in his hair and in the crook of his elbows. He let warm water rush over his head, and felt a pang as he shut the water off all too soon. He could stand there forever, he thought, but he was tired, and falling asleep in the shower never felt as good as it should.

He toweled dry, pulled on his clothes, and padded back to his room quietly. He crawled under the blankets as carefully as he could, but Parrish stirred.

“Shh,” Evan said, trying to ease him back to sleep before he could really wake.

“You’re back,” David mumbled as Evan draped an arm over his hips.

“Yeah. Go back to sleep.”

“Everything okay?”

“