breathing and physically see his chest heaving in and out. But he doesn’t touch me, I look into his eyes, completely silent, noticing the tears in his eyes. And Liam falls to his knees, crying, resting his face into my lap. I’m completely taken back. I don’t know what to do. Sure I want to comfort him, but wouldn’t that hurt the both of us? For minutes---hell, it could have been hours for all I knew, Liam cried into my lap without any of us saying a word. His vast amount of tears is soaking into my jeans and my heart can’t help but feel a pang. Slowly, to comfort him, I run my hand through his freshly cut hair. 

Again, we say nothing for long periods of time. His hair is soft, apart from it being really short. Some days I miss his curls, but Liam looks more grown up---more manly with this hairstyle. His wardrobe has also been “buffed” up. I guess One Direction has two bad boys nowadays. 

Liam raises his crying eyes to me, and a breath hitches in my throat. “She,” he choked. “She lied to me Zayn. All of it. All lies.”

I don’t understand what he’s saying at first, but then it hits me. Her pregnancy. 

“She said she saw a doctor when she was in Vegas to help her with her cramps, and when he said that she wasn’t pregnant, she kept it from me because she didn’t know how to tell me. I’m such a fool,” he wept. “And to think I slept every night with my hand on her stomach.”

I cringe. At one point, that’s how we used to sleep together. 

Liam notices my sudden distaste and apologizes. He looks down, away from my eyes. “I don’t know how much times I have to apologize for how badly I hurt you in Vegas, but I would do it for the rest of my life if I have to.” He looks back at me. “Zayn, from the bottom of my heart, I’m sorry for what I did to you. You know, at the time, it seemed like the right thing to do.”

“Playing me like a puppet was a good thing at the time?” Although I was spiteful, my voice was soft, clipped. 

“Zayn, you have to understand that when I’m with you, I’m a completely different person. You change me, Zee.” Liam sees the confused, twisted expression on my face. “Not at all in a bad way, Zayn. When I’m with you, I change. Change into the person that I so desperately want to be. And if you must know, the thing with Danielle, buying the flat, it was only so I could give our child---well, not anymore, a perfect family. A mother and a father. But not once have I stopped thinking about you. Loving you. I never felt the way I feel about you with anyone else. Not even with Danielle. With you, it’s a special bond that will never fade away. I love you, Zayn. With all my heart. I. Love. You.”

And I can’t stop the tears. Although silent, I can’t be crying. Not in front of Liam! Tears are saved for the safe confines of my bedroom, late at night. I go to wipe them from my face when Liam stops me. His eyes have changed. Gotten darker. Suddenly, Liam stands up and takes off my shirt. I know what he plans to do, and right now, I can’t stop him. My body is unlinked to my brain. It’s not functional. Liam pauses, glaring at my chest. 

“What’s that?” he asked, pointing to my new chest tattoo of lips with wings next to my heart. “Is that new?”

I don’t answer right away. But when I do, I nod.

“Is it for her?” he sounds jealous and also scared that it could be, all at the same time. 

I shake my head this time. Liam seems relieved. “Good,” he says.

I glare into his eyes. “And what if it was for her?” I ask, spiteful once more. “What I do is none of your business anymore.”

Liam looks at the floor once more. “You’re still mine,” he says softly, childishly, like a boy with his toy. 

“Yours?” my voice starts getting louder, angrier. “You left me! You lied to me! You never loved me!” And its as if we’re back in Vegas again. I’m fuming and Liam is physically angry again. “Get the fuck out of my room, Liam! I hate you!” 

“Just answer me this. Who is the tattoo for if it isn’t for her