pocket. ‘While I have, at times, been called oblivious I have never been accused of being unobservant.’ He paused then and looked expectantly at John, seemingly waiting for him to infer the subject-matter.
‘Perish the thought.’ John said weakly. He was almost entirely certain he didn’t want to have this conversation. When Sherlock simply continued to stare at him, eyes still narrowed and even a tiny furrow in his brow, he sighed.
‘Why are you asking questions you know the answer to?’
‘I haven’t asked you a question.’ Sherlock pointed out.
‘Yes, you have.’ John met his gaze evenly and made it clear that he was not going to talk about it unless Sherlock was the one to bring it up verbally.
‘John.’ Sherlock began, then paused. ‘I am not gay.’ He said bluntly.
John blinked, a little thrown, but nodded.
‘I know. We’ve had this conversation.’ He rubbed the back of his neck, teeth skimming his bottom lip. ‘You’re straight, I get it.’ He attempted to smile reassuringly, although he suspected it just came off as strained.
‘Ah no, you see, that is incorrect.’ Sherlock said, strangely verbose.
‘You’re not straight?’ John somehow managed to sound like he hadn’t just been thrown a completely unexpected curveball.
‘No.’
‘…but you’re not gay?’ John scrunched his nose in confusion.
‘Must I be one or the other?’ Sherlock huffed, his curls bouncing along his forehead with his irritation.
‘Well, ye-‘ John started to say.
‘And no, I am not both.’ Sherlock interrupted snappily.
‘Alright.’ John said slowly, ‘uh, then what are you?’
‘Must you have a label?’ Sherlock asked, and then ploughed on without waiting for an answer. ‘Oh very well then, I am asexual.’
John blinked as the term rang a bell that flung his mind back to past biology lectures.
‘…like a flower?’
Sherlock snorted indelicately. ‘I have no sexual desires, and certainly none concerning specific people.’
‘The implication being a paraphilia?’ John joked weakly, putting the pieces together in his mind. It wasn’t entirely unexpected in fact, if he was honest, it was completely unsurprising. He hadn’t known there was a name for it, but he’d never seen Sherlock show interest in anyone. He barely even acknowledged most people’s existence, let alone their status as a potential sex partner.
‘I am not interested in sex.’ Sherlock repeated as if John had been bugging him about doing just that. His expression was slightly pinched, his eyes narrowed and his lips drawn into a tight line, and John realised, with a start, that the other man was concerned about his reaction.
‘Alright,’ he said, nodding, and then paused as something occurred to him. ‘But don’t you…I mean, do you ever…? Erm, I mean what about…you know..?’ John inwardly cursed his prudishness, he was a doctor, damnit, not an unmarried catholic girl.
Sherlock seemed to catch on easily enough despite the fact that John hadn’t managed to get out a single noun to make it a meaningful sentence.
‘Such things are easily taken care of.’ He shrugged, an elegant shift of shoulders, ‘and do not require another party.’  He seemed completely unperturbed by the topic of conversation, his cheeks pale where John’s own were dusted a light pink.
‘Oh my God, we’re not having this conversation.’ John declared loudly. ‘I am not discussing this with you.’ He could feel his cheeks starting to burn, the warmth creeping up to the tips of his ears.
‘Why ever not?’ Sherlock’s lips curved into a wicked smile. ‘Ah I see…are you embarrassed, John?’ It wasn’t really a question despite the preposition.
‘Of course I’m bloody well embarrassed!’ John scowled at him. ‘For Christ’s sake Sherlock, we’re not discussing the weather.’
‘No.’ Sherlock said mildly, ‘we are not.’ His pale eyes crinkled in amusement and his voice was a deep rumble in his chest.
John thought he’d better cut in before Sherlock started elaborating on the subject-matter.
‘What about Irene Adler?’ He crossed his arms, twisting his fingers into the soft fabric of his jacket.
Sherlock’s amusement faded and he shifted slightly to the right, but his gaze didn’t falter.
‘A lapse in judgement.’ He obviously sensed John was going to ask for clarification. ‘She was…a momentary fascination; one I indulged perhaps longer than necessary, but nothing more.’
‘A lapse in judgement.’ John repeated incredulously. ‘You?’
‘I am not infallible, John.’ Sherlock said in a rare moment of modesty.
‘I’m just shocked to hear you admit it.’
‘Hmm.’ Sherlock mused, and then startled John with a bark of warm laughter.