.

 

(she doesn’t wait up for him, anymore.)

 

in the beginning, their relationship is beautiful. it’s like a flower that blossoms in the rainy months of spring, poking its petals into the sky and reminding the world there is elegance in the small things. they’re both nervous and scared but it  works, and they’re in love, and it’s a feeling neither thought they could ever feel again, after being hurt the way they had before.

 

but life has a habit of getting in the way. he has someone else, someone who’s not her, even though he says she’s his endgame, the only one he wants. but their relationship doesn’t change.

 

(grace is the  other  girl. the side girl. the one he hides from his friends because he’s embarrassed. the one he doesn’t love enough.)

 

she’s focused on work. on being perfect. on reaching the end with no regrets, working herself to the bone and numbing all feelings. (but the one thing she never questions is her love for him. she can only wish he was the same.) he says work is too stressful and he doesn’t know if he loves her anymore. as if she’s not also struggling, also trying hard.

 

because the one thing he doesn’t understand, seems to have never understood, is that love is a choice.

 

he comes and goes based on how he feels, and as soon as it’s not as strong he leaves, because he doesn’t  care.  and she understands. she knows because she doesn’t care either, but she is different.

 

in the beginning, he is too idealistic, and she is too realistic. by the end, she’s deluded and he’s apathetic.

 

(what a way to live.)

 

“i don’t like him,” ari says, her voice coated with static from the phone. “you’re too good for him. he doesn’t treat you well. i don’t trust him.”

 

“what do you mean he doesn’t treat me well?” grace pushes her lips together. “he loves me.”

 

“yeah,” ari responds. “you and every other girl in the world.”

 

(they leave that phone call farther apart than before.)

 

“do you love me?” she asks him, when he comes home and sets his bag on the chair.

 

he looks at her strangely. “why?”

 

“well, um  ―  ari said that, and, you know what, it’s not fair of me to doubt you  ― ”

 

“i’m not sure,” he says. “give me some time. wait until the summer, and i’ll have it figured out.” grace just blinks at him, because this is not what she was expecting. (or maybe it is, and she was holding out hope for something different.)

 

for the first time, white-hot rage builds inside her stomach, all directed at him. how  dare  he? how dare he say it’s gone and make her wait like this, like he didn’t have a choice in how it turned out?

 

(her past experiences with being told to wait for an answer surge back, twisting and coiling in her mind. they make her angrier.)

 

“okay,” is all she says, because she doesn’t want to argue with him, doesn’t want to risk messing up the chance she has that it’ll work out in her favor. after that she reads into every word he says, every movement and action, hoping each one will prove to her that he still loves her.

 

(in the end, it proves a hard habit to shake.)

 

she is not happy being with him. he’s still affectionate and still loving, but it feels different. feels stranger. feels almost unwelcome.

 

“you have to figure out what’s best for you,” ari says. “you’re not happy with him.”

 

“but i want him to be happy,” grace responds, helplessly. she feels like a puppet controlled by a marionette, like a rag doll being tossed around in the ocean. completely and utterly out of control.

 

ari’s voice is unwavering, stronger than grace has heard it in months. “what makes him more deserving of happiness than you?”

 

(grace doesn’t have an argument for that.)

 

he stumbles home, hurt in his eyes. she immediately stands up and helps him sit down, worry furrowing her eyebrows. “what happened?”

 

“hannah left me,” he says quietly. “she just… left.”

 

grace ignores the sting in her heart that’s always present when he talks about her. “maybe it’s for the best,” she tries. “you said yourself, you weren’t happy with her.”

 

“yeah,” he says. “yeah.”

 

(it’s right then, that she knows. this is the beginning of the end.)

 

he’s not there when she needs him. she