!”


:Requesting clar11f11cat110n:


Yet she was gone, racing down the halls and yowling out for the heiress, for the leader, for someone to come quickly. The cluster she gathers includes these two and several others. Her own tall moirail and the leader’s own palemate and the mate of the heiress. Others trail for a while, but when the huntress brings them to the small room, only three enter.

The new empress steps in first, uneasy. She sucks in a breath and presses a cool hand over her soft lips. She walks in deeper to the room, looking on in horror that widens her eyes and makes them prick with the pain of tears. The leader thumps in afterwards, growl cut short at what he sees. He takes a half step back when his eyes look up and he sees the face that is so alike but not quite that of his best friend.

The third is the huntress, coming up to the base of the chords and giving the Helmsman just a small smile. She has pain in her eyes, her emotions all over her features, from the pity to the horror to the grief. “Helmsman? I’ve brought Karkat and Feferi here. She’s the new empress! She took that witch’s place and Karkat is our leader. He is the vfurry best leader there is.”


Query: ss


The three look on in confusion at him. The heiress looks to the leader and he steps forward. With a clench of his jaw, he lifts his chin and looks into the face of the Helmsman. He scowls as kindly as he can and snarls, “Explain what the fuck you mean with that double S shit.”


Clar11f11cat11on: 11 was 11nqu11r11ng whether y0u were an 0ld aqu11ntance g011ng by that sh0rthand



C0mment: n0 need t0 be a d11ck ab0ut 11t m11dget


Leader splutters. Huntress giggles behind her hand and the young new empress relaxes her shoulders. She reaches a hand out to her companion and smiles to him. This sooths him, but only a little, so he turns his head back and snaps, “You’re the one being a dick. But that isn’t my short hand.” He looks over the Helmsman and adds a little softer, “I have a friend a lot like you who gave me the short hand KK.”

“Should we ask Sollux to come in here?” The empress glubs softly as she asks.


Resp0nse: y0ure the 0ne wh0 started w11th the 11nsults nubn11cker


The giggles from the females are stifled but the leader glares hard at them until they go silent. He eventually shakes his head. “No. I’ll talk with him. I don’t want Sollux to see this,” he spoke softly to her. “I’ll figure out what is going on. You two don’t need to stay if you don’t wish it.”

Slight nods and footsteps and then the Signless reborn looks up alone to the Helmsman and prepares for a conversation he never thought he would have the chance to have.

“He wants to die.”

The words are soft. All the hard edges are worn away from his form. He sits, half curled up, in the lap of the indigo blooded enforcer. In a circle around him sit several others and the rest fill out the room. His voice is as low as they have ever heard it, tired and gentle. “He’s been alive for thousands of sweeps. Longer than anyone of his blood color should be alive. She kept him alive all these years just to power her ship…”

“We can’t,” the empress leans forward, fierce and passionate. “We can’t just murder him, strip him completely of his life!”

“His life is already stripped away. Even if we managed to pull him out of there and that didn’t fucking kill him then what? Feferi, his whole body is torn apart except for the most essential things! He won’t survive for one damn second!”

“We will find a way! He deserves life!”

The fire was started back in the leader. He leaned forward and not even the soothing hand of his palemate could stop his voice from rising.

As the argument rose, the crowned gunner slid from the doorway and down the corridor, alone.

“I’vve read about the rebellion.”

The prince doesn’t look to the face of the Helmsman. He can’t bring himself to yet. He looks down at the monitor while he talks.


C0rrect110n: 11t was a rev0lut110n n0t a rebell110n f11shl11ps


His lips twist into something between a smirk and a sneer. “Wwell it didn’t wwork. Not wwhen the Signless wwas around and not years later wwhen Mindfang and the Summoner tried. But you knoww that, bein here and all.” He gestures to the wires and tubing, the machine that the Helmsman was hooked up to.


Query: are y0u tell11ng me th11s s0lely t0 pr0ve y0ur 0wn d0uchebaggery 0r d0 y0u have a fuck11ng p011nt


“Of course I havve a fuckin point to this, cod, you’re just as much as a dick as Sol.” He shakes his head and