like sitting by a fireplace after a long snowball fight without proper snow gear. I was happy to feel human again, even if for a little while. I was content to close my eyes and give in to the slight pressure lingering behind my eyes, smile plastered to my face as I drifted off to sleep.



          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"Sis, wake up." Iggly? 

"Hey, wake up sis." Everything was a yellowish red as I felt my eyelids pulsate against the bright light. There was someone pushing on my shoulder incessantly. I rolled over and blinked my eyes open.

"Hey, you," Iago greeted softly with a smile. He pressed a quick kiss to my forehead before putting the back of his hand on it. He made a face, as if pondering something.

"How do you feel? You look a lot better now." I glanced around the room, realizing that I was back in my bed, in my own house! No way, was that all a dream?


"Amazing!" I cried as I tugged him in for a tight hug. "I've missed you so much! I had this terrible dream that we were in the zombie apocalypse and we lost so many friends and 
I even died
!
 I'm so so so glad it was just a dream." Relief flowed through me, happy tears wouldn't stop streaming from my eyes, no matter how much I willed them to stop. I clung on to Iago tightly, afraid the nightmare would resume if I were to let him go. 



"Man, that fever really took you on a ride, didn't it?" I pulled away hesitantly, terrified of this reality shattering the moment I ceased contact.



"Yeah it did." I smiled like an idiot at Iggly, happy that nothing changed when I pulled away. My gut filled with warmth at the feeling of being 
home
. "So why are you here? How did you get past my dad?" I asked, nudging him gently in the elbow. 


"Well I just... Well I... Actually, I'm not quite sure. I don't actually remember." Well that's strange.

"What do you mean you don't remember?"

"I don't remember how I got here... I just remember sitting by your bed, waiting for you to wake up from your fever... but I can't seem to remember when or how I got here," he replied with genuine confusion on his face.

I scrambled out of my blankets and ran to open the bedroom door. A heavy feeling of dread settled into my bones, making me want to crawl back in bed and pretend all was well.I wouldn't mind staying in bed forever. Anyways, Iggly's here to keep me company too, so I wouldn't be alone. Yes, we'll just stay here forever. Outside the door was pure darkness, as my house looked at night. But there was clearly sunlight pouring from the window in the bedroom. When I turned back to face Iago, the bedroom was also suddenly plunged into night, as if the darkness drifted in once the door had been opened in invitation. At least it had the courtesy to turn the lights on. 

Iago was staring at the open doorway, mouth agape and expression clearly displaying the same dread I felt weighing me down, making my heart race and my lungs constrict. Iago shook his head, as if clearing it, before locking fingers with me and speaking again.

"I've missed you, I hope you know that. And I'm going to continue to miss you until we really meet again. I'm not sure where you are right now, if you're still a zombie or not. I like to remember you how you are right now, sleeping cutely and waking up with a smile. As much as it hurt me to watch Zoe go limp in my arms, I can't imagine how bad it was to shoot her. Thank you for that, by the way. And I hate that I couldn't do anything to make you feel less scared when you left us." It was like he drank a truth potion as all the emotions we rarely talked of came springing forth. His tone was dejected once more, a voice he developed as we lost friend after friend on our final adventure. My eyes were brimming with tears, a watery screen blotting out the clear image of him. 

"I... Zoe's doing fine," I blurted out, unsure of what else to say. He gave me a small, sincere smile.

"I'm glad to hear that." He looked down at our fingers as he stroked the side of my finger with his thumb. I'm going to miss your nervous habits.

"And... and she's fine with you and Bone Saw. She's glad you found some hope in all this desperation. She wants you to be happy, so I hope you hold on to him tight this time, alright?"

"Okay," he nodded