“But, tonight? You were.”

“They’re my friends,” Ruby said quickly, only to wince. “Well, kinda … sorta … we're working on it. They already know me from initiation, I can be myself around them. But the rest of Beacon …” She trailed off, stopping on the path, the setting sun painting her cloak a vibrant orange as a breeze picked its hem up to wave at the vanishing light.

“I was admitted two years early,” She sighed with tired nerves. “I left all my friends and classmates at Signal behind, and now I’m team leader of not only my big sister, but two other girls, in a whole academy full of students with years more experience and training than me. I try to keep smiling for Yang and the others but sometimes it just gets so, so …”

“Suffocating?” Grendel supplied, earning a tired nod from the red girl.

“Yeah …” Ruby kicked the path for a moment, silver eyes shining amber in the twilight, and Grendel’s next impulse was to focus on anything but her. So naturally, he thought of a new conversation about her.

“Do you … like it here?” And in the blink of a red-gold eye, Ruby went from moping to ecstatic.

“Of course I do!” She half cheered, then mentally slapped herself when Grendel flinched back at her volume. “Sorry! But, yeah Beacons awesome! Even if I am kinda out of my league, I’ve got my teammates, my big sister, Jaune and his team, and now you guys!” Grendel felt the heat rush to his cheeks as the edges of his hood tinted purple.

“Thanks,” he smiled, red-gold eyes looking away from Ruby’s shining silver. “Does this, make us friends?”

“Of course! And who knows, if you Ellen Mao and Wyatt impress Ozpin yourselves, he might let you into Beacon too!” Whatever hint of a smile that had found its way to Grendel’s features vanished as his eyes turned down once more.

“But what if Ellen’s right? What if we’re not meant to be heroes? I mean, a few days ago, we were the monsters you guys are learning to fight.”

“We have a saying here in Vale: Keep Moving Forward.” The wolf faunus looked up to Ruby, brows knitting together at the simple yet cryptic words as the red reaper's eyes filled with something besides their usual innocent zeal, something worn and wise. “It’s easy to get lost in the past, to focus so much on what happened that you forget to be excited for what’s coming. It’s okay to remember, but what was can’t hurt you now. It’s like Yang said,” Ruby smiled as she turned to face the young wolf, Silver eyes meeting red and gold. “You’re human now, well, kinda in your case. What’s it matter if you used to be different? That’s who you were. This.” She reached up and tugged the hood from Grendel’s head, letting his black wolf ears stand tall in the cooling twilight air. “This is who you are.”

Of all the reactions Ruby had imagined, none included Grendel hugging her. But he did, wrapping his arms tight around the red reaper. Ruby had been hugged before, her parents, Yang, but never by a boy, and most definitely not one her own age.  But here she was, being hugged, by a boy, one who she had killed, whose head was now so close his wolf ears were tickling her hair. Ruby might have had time to laugh at how absurd it all was, if most of her blood hadn’t gone straight to her face.

“Thank you,” He sniffled, and Ruby could swear she felt a stain forming on her cloak, but finally, she hugged him back.

“You’re welcome.”

“Ahem!” Both reaper and wolf jumped, flying apart in a blur of red and blue at the sudden sound, spinning around to find the moustached face of Professor Port, blunderbuss-axe slung over one shoulder. “Sorry to interrupt, but I believe curfew is fast approaching.”

“Uh, yes sir,” Ruby nodded quickly. “We’re sorry Professor, it won’t happen aga,”

“Calm down Ms. Rose. I said approaching, not arrived.” Grendel was surprised when he realized he wasn’t afraid of the man, who though unimpressive physically, carried himself with all the lethal grace and confidence of a predator, nevermind the combo-weapon he held in one hand. He was scared however when the huntsman's eyes fell on him.

“Pardon me Lad,” Professor Port smiled with a tilt of his head, “But I don’t believe we’ve met. Are you a student?” Nervous silver met terrified red-gold.

“Uhhh … ”

There are two things a young mind does when confronted by a seemingly impossible question: shutdown