hunt you down.”

Lance grinned. “Fair enough.”
__________

Chopping wood with a sword wasn’t easy, but it was possible. Keith wiped sweat away from his brow and stretched the ache out of his arms. There was no doubt he would be sore tomorrow, but at least they wouldn’t have to worry about wood for a while. 

Seeing as it actually didn’t take as long as he expected, it couldn’t hurt to look for more of those fire-starter rocks. It had been somewhere around here…

The forest thickened to his left, evident that he had found the right path. Keith elbowed his way through, steadily losing visibility as the rising sun was blotted out by the dense trees overhead. A red glint caught his eye, and Keith pushed forward, stumbling and falling on his knees in front of the same clearing as before.

Pausing to look around, the rest of the area became more apparent. Aside from this small cavern, the walls extended up tall and wide, further than Keith could even see. Even though this small clearing left some rocks exposed, the cavern seemed to extend deeper.

Was this whole wall concealing this, just under the surface?

Only one way to find out. Keith struck the rock with his sword, chipping away at the black surface. It didn’t take long for the familiar red glow to shine through, and the next strike from his sword sent a shower of sparks flying from the wall.

Keith hummed. “Good to know.”
__________

Loaded with an armful of wood heavier than he was and a collection of fire stones piled on top, Keith stumbled his way back to the cave. This was not helping his soon-to-be sore arms one bit.

Well. He could use some muscles anyways.

As he drew closer, Keith’s heart rose in his throat in anticipation what might be waiting for him when he got back. The sun was high in the sky now, probably nearing late morning. If Lance wasn’t there when he got back, he would need to start searching.

The cave was even darker than it was this morning, the last remains of a fire flickering dimly as a cooling container of water sat above. Lance’s weird pet bug climbed the wall lazily, seeming perfectly content to stay in the cave.

Yet no Lance.

Keith dropped his armful of wood, letting them clatter to the ground and roll onto his feet. How long had he been gone? It was hard to tell since he lost track of time at the rock cavern, but it couldn’t have been too long. How early had it been when Lance had left? Did he bring water with him? Did he even say where he was going?

“How’s it going?”

Keith leapt a good foot into the air, only to land on a thin log and go flying back onto the ground. Rocks and chunks of wood dug into his aching back. 

Rolling onto his knees with a grumble and a string of curses, he looked up to see Lance standing above him with a huge grin on his face.

And...fish?

One arm was braced proudly on his hip, while the other extended out to the side with at least a dozen fish strung along a rope.

Keith gaped. “Wha...what?”

Lance smirked. “Cat got your tongue?”

“Where did you get all those fish? How did you get them?”

Lance beamed. “Just because I can’t make a fire doesn’t mean that I’m totally incompetent, and that stream gets a lot bigger once you go down a ways. You got wood? Come on, let’s feast!”
__________

With so many fish and no way to keep it fresh, their only solution was to eat it all. Keith hesitated at first when he pulled them away from the fire, not ready to trust this planet’s resources or his own cooking skills, but Lance started eating like he hadn’t had a meal in days. Which, to be fair, he really hadn’t.

Keith shrugged and dug in too, surprised by the savory taste. Fish on Earth was usually soft and light, but this was tough and hearty. Maybe he was projecting after so long without a proper meal, but this was some of the best food he had ever had.

Lance’s excited hum voiced his agreement. “Whoa, this is amazing! Keith, you’re a great cook!”

Keith bit into his fish again to hide the blush that rose to his cheeks. “If you say so.”

His nervousness went ignored as Lance slung an arm onto his back. “Seriously, how did you get so good at this?”

Keith shrugged. “It’s probably just the fish. It’s not like we have any way to season it. Fish doesn’t usually taste this good plain.”

The red flush in his cheeks betrayed him. Lance looked him over carefully before breaking into a grin. “You’re hiding something from me.”

Keith blushed even harder and turned his face away