."

Sherlock moved to behind his friend. Finding the actual wound in the mess of blood which had already saturated Watson's jacket was harder than he'd have thought. Sherlock brought his thin hands toward it slowly.

"God Damn it Sherlock! You kept bloody HEADS in our bloody REFRIGERATOR. I watched you fucking DIE once! Don't get prissy now! Press on the bloody wound!"

He did. John screamed. Sherlock pressed harder. John stopped screaming, began hissing in and out between clenched teeth. Blood continued to leak through Sherlock's long fingers, mingling with the rain and pooling in the cracks in the bricks between the two friends. Sherlock yelled for Lestrade, for Donovan, for ANDERSON for Christ's sake.

John stopped moving.

Lestrade was pulling Sherlock away from his ex-flatmate; from his friend.

The paramedics were there. When did the fucking paramedics arrive?

When did…they were taking John away.

They were TAKING JOHN AWAY.

Where were they taking his FRIEND?

Lestrade was talking to him, holding onto him. Why was Lestrade even touching him? Lestrade knew he didn't like to be touched.

WHERE THE BLOODY HELL WERE THEY TAKING JOHN?

Reiteration of previous warning: There is cursing herein. I would apologize if I were sorry about that.

Catatonia. That's what it's called.

Over the past few hours, Lestrade had sat, and paced, and took phone calls from the men and women who were searching for their runner at the crime scene, but mostly he had observed the world's only consulting detective.

There was no doubt; Sherlock was catatonic. He hadn't moved, spoken, blinked in at least three hours. While they'd been in this horrid yellow-green room, the man had remained stiffly ensconced in the same chair, in the same position, for hour upon hour as the sun had set slowly behind the rain-laden clouds.

When they'd heard that John's right kidney would have to be removed, Harry had offered hers as a replacement, saying 'I'm his sister. I'm a match, right?' Sherlock had pointed out that even if Harriet had been a match (of which there was no guarantee) Harry's kidneys were unlikely to be suitable due to her drinking. He'd been shockingly and unsurprisingly blunt to her when he'd said it. She'd left and Sherlock had sat down in the hard blue chair he remained in.

He hadn't yet said another word.

Harry had returned an hour later with something in a bag and the smell of a local pub—smoke, spilled beer—sunk into her jacket. The jacket was identical to John's. Lestrade wondered if John's had been a gift from Harry, or if Harry had seen his and bought hers to match. He wondered if Harry would be willing to give John hers, now that John's was ruined. She'd offered a kidney.

Lestrade looked back at Sherlock. Catatonic. He checked his watch. He got up to pace again.

3 HOURS LATER

Sherlock sat, completely silent, his long fingers steepled, his gaze toward the bed which contained John Watson. He did not actually look at John. It was simply a convenient direction in which to stare as Sherlock's mind replayed the case. There was no reason to actually look at John. John Watson was unconscious; therefore the only important part of John, his intellect, was absent. John's physical presence was unimportant.

His physical body was not…important… was this how John had felt for all of those months? Not good. Sherlock Holmes reached his right hand forward, laying it upon John's left. John didn't stir. Sherlock left his hand there. 


His mind replayed his observations from the crime scene with near perfect recall and precision. A red minivan, rented by one man and stolen by another, sat with its driver's door open to the West of the bodies. The police probably thought this was the vehicle the killer had used to transport the bodies. It wasn't. It was the vehicle stolen and then abandoned by the witness; likely the man who'd run from the crime scene. 



It was obvious by the detritus—bolts, cinderblocks, an odd tire—scattered about the open but semi-concealed space. The witness had used the alley before as a convenient location for stripping anything of value from the vehicles he'd stolen. Today, finding the alley occupied by a man posing bodies, he'd stepped out of the minivan to run from, challenge, or perhaps even chase the murderer. Even a career criminal such as he was would have been disgusted by scene in front of him. 



Holmes paused. The witness, obviously a criminal, had found the crime scene abhorrent. Sherlock Holmes mulled that over. Should he himself have been horrified by the scene? Probably. John had found it abhorrent, too. Sherlock considered that. He did not look at his friend. 



The murderer had been driving