heart. “She always made these cookies, she thought me how. Papa loved them.” Her breath hitched and she curled her hand into a fist. “It's been so long though. I know the recipe. I know it. But it's not right. I kept trying and-” she broke off, dropped her hand from his chest and looked away.

 

Blackwall caught her cheek, turned her face back to his. “Why are the cookies so important?”

 

Aella's brow furrowed as she looked up at him. She was embarrassed. For so long she had fought so hard to be strong, and a force to be reckoned with. But now she was sitting in front of the man she wanted in her bed, looking like a disaster and crying over cookies. Yet still, he looked at her as if she were something amazing.

 

“Whenever my mom was upset, angry, stressed, sad...” like when Aella's magic had started to grow out of control. “She baked. All sorts of things, but these cookies, somehow they always made everything better.” She scoffed quietly. “Childish.” Aella shook her head. “What did I know? I just knew my mom was making sweets and would let me help sometimes.” Drawing in a deep breath she resigned herself to going up to her quarters to stare at all the things she was being called upon to take care of.

 

“Then we'll bake,” Blackwall said. “Or rather, you'll bake. I'll be your assistant.”

 

Aella blinked at him. “What?”

 

“If baking helps, we'll bake.” He tugged her off the edge of the table, stayed there for handful of heartbeats, bodies pressed close, then stepped back. “What first?”

 

It took Aella several moments to catch up. “Flour, two cups go here,” she said, gesturing to one of the smaller bowls. Then she picked up the bigger one, dropped in the butter and sugar while Blackwall meticulously measured the flour. “Now the ground up nuts,” she pointed to one jar, “another two cups in with the flour.” She guided him through making one batch, then another. On the third, Blackwall picked up a cookie, held it to her lips and without thinking she took a bite, then she watched as he popped the rest of the cookie into his own mouth.

 

She was struck by the intimacy of it all. As they had made the cookies, they had touched, casual, nothing sexual. Her guiding his hand to stir the batter, him wiping a dusting of flour from her cheek. But it felt far more intimate than anything she had ever shared with any man before. “Well?” he asked.

 

Aella couldn't help but smile a little. “You're going gray before your time,” she reached up a brushed some flour from his beard, felt him lean slightly into her touch before pulling back.

 

“Are the cookies right?” he asked and she smiled sadly and shook her head.

 

“No,” she sighed, looked at the piles and piles of cookies and winced. “But I imagine the soldiers will be thrilled.”

 

“We could try again,” he suggested, but Aella shook her head.

 

“I imagine the kitchen staff is standing at the door waiting for us to be gone. I'm surprised the cook hasn't kicked as out already.” They tidied up their mess and Aella headed for the door that would take her the back way to her quarters where she hoped she'd avoid running into anyone.

 

“We could try again tonight.” Aella stopped turned to face Blackwall and after a moment of hesitation, she nodded.

 

“Yes. Thank you, Blackwall.”

 

“My lady,” he inclined his head.

 

Hours later, Aella was supposed to be listening to her advisers, but she only caught about one out of twenty words they said. All she could think about were the cookies. And Blackwall. She felt the blush creep up her cheeks as she thought about how he'd found her sobbing over a plate of cookies. Her mind drifted to her mother baking. How sometimes her father would come in, stand behind his wife and dip his finger into the honey jar- Aella jerked. Honey. Not sugar, and cinnamon.

 

Turning she bolted from the room, ignoring the calls of 'Inquisitor.' She ran through the main hall, out the front door and nearly fell off the stone rise in her haste to get down the stairs. Running across the courtyard as fast as her legs would carry her, she found Blackwall standing over a worktable, carving a wooden rocking horse. But it wasn't a horse, it took a moment for her to realize it was a griffin.

 

“My lady,” he turned to her, concern written across his face.

 

“Honey!” she exclaimed. Blackwall opened his mouth, snapped it shut. “The cookies. It's honey and cinnamon. That is what I was missing!” A brilliant grin broke across her face. “I have to go see if