a bit early today for once and he would never turn down some good old clam chowder, even if he had already stuffed his face full of burgers earlier. It’s an even better idea as Arthur loved clam chowder as much as Alfred did.

     He smiled contently with his idea and went upstairs to get cleaned up. He didn’t have the ingredients for the clam chowder at home, so he would have to quickly put together a list so he could get the groceries, food, and table prepared before Alfred got home. He looked at the clock in the hallway and nodded to himself.

     “I have the time.” Arthur said to himself.
***
Alfred jolted awake as he felt someone smack him in the back of the head.

     “Al,” Matthew said, “Your shift has been over for a bit now, I’m pretty sure.”

     He glared at Matthew for a couple seconds, angry that he had interrupted his nap, until it sank in that he was at the station. His glare melted away as he thought about what Matthew had just said.

     “Oh!” Alfred said as he realized that, in fact, he had been done with his shift for about ten minutes. “Thanks, Mattie!” he said with a smile as he collected his stuff and stood up.

     “No problem, dork.” Matthew said teasingly. “I knew you would’ve gotten a whooping from Arthur if you were late home, and I didn’t want that on my conscious.”

     Alfred punched him in the arm lightly and bid him a farewell. He was glad Matthew had woken him up before he was too late, as he wanted to get home as soon as possible and spend as much time with Arthur as possible. He decided he would grab some food on the way home so Arthur doesn’t have to cook tonight. He smiled to himself as he got into his car.
***
Arthur rolled back his sleeves as he looked at the cook book he propped up against the toaster. He had never made clam chowder before, so he hoped that it would turn out good, unlike the other time he had tried to make a difficult meal. He had bought the ingredients based on the recipe, and as long as he followed the recipe, it probably couldn’t go wrong.

     “Drain the clam juice from the minced clams and combine with enough bottled juice to equal 3 cups of liquid.” He murmured, reading the text out loud. 

     He followed the instructions as they followed, but took shortcuts here and there when they seemed unnecessary to him, and tried to do several things at once, as he was a bit short on time. 

     He put the clams and cream into the saucepan and cooked then for the called amount of time, but when he cut a piece off it to taste it, it seemed as though it wasn’t fully finished. He frowned and decided he would leave it in the saucepan for a bit as he went to get changed. 

     When he got upstairs, he yelped as he saw Biscuit on the desk of his office. His eyes widened as he saw what the cat was doing.

     It had shredded pieces of paper all around it and on the desk and floor. He gulped and prayed silently in his head as he walked towards the feline. Biscuit jumped off the desk as Arthur saw exactly what the cat had shredded to pieces.

     It was his book review.

     He stared down at it as he heard a meow. He turned around to look at the purrpetrator. His eyes held a dangerous glint in them as he stared at Biscuit, who was now prodding his head against his food bowl, as if his course of action was the only logical option for the cat.

     “You…” Arthur said as he reached behind him to grab a broom.

     The cat stared at him with blank, emerald eyes, as if daring him to try anything. Arthur’s eye twitched.

     “Death, you filthy animal, is what shall now be bestowed upon you.”
***
Alfred sighed as he looked at the very long line ahead of him. He decided he would bring back some food from one of Arthur’s favorite seafood places back to him, but how busy the small restaurant was currently was absolutely ridiculous. The restaurant had absolutely awful service, and took forever to serve its customers, but the food was so fucking good. 

     He looked down at his watch as he tapped his foot in irritation. He was trying to get home as soon as possible, but this place’s awful service would make him late if they didn’t hurry up.

     A little over an hour later, he finally got the food he needed. He smiled as they handed it to him and quickly speed-walked towards his car. He was late, definitely, but hopefully Arthur would forget about that the second he smelled the delicious food he brought home. Alfred smiled to himself as he imagined his lover’s silly grin and the bashful kiss Arthur would place on his cheek when he saw how thoughtful his husband was. He was probably exaggerating how Arthur would react, but a man might as well