the ideal everything—golden boy with the perfect hair and perfect grades and the cleanest permanent record. He lived—or existed—through following strict rules of life he never dared to break. Until Louis.

“Seriously? You’ve never tried thif befoh,” Louis said through a mouthful of his grilled cheese & chocolate cereal sandwich. No, he wasn’t eating chocolate cereal and a grilled cheese sandwich. He was eating a grilled cheese and chocolate cereal sandwich. Like, together.

Because that’s what Louis was—he was weird food combinations and rule-breaking.

He was midnight driving way past the speed limit with the windows down.

He was crashing weddings, getting drunk and having hangovers that made you feel like dying the morning after, but still having absolutely no regrets.

Harry was sure that theirs was a love story that would go down in history—that people would be talking about them: those two guys who fell in love without the Clock; those two guys who were brave enough to challenge fate.

He was so sure. Was.

 

     They were in his car. 2:47 a.m. It was 2:47 a.m. when it happened.

Harry knew, because he was staring at the clock on his dashboard, his heart feeling like it could jump out of his chest.

Louis was right in the passenger seat, looking at him.

“Harry,” Louis said slowly. Harry couldn’t bring himself to look at him. “Harry, what’s wrong?” Louis asked.

“Louis, I...” Harry drifted off. Just say it, the voice in his head urged.

“Just say it, Harry,” Louis echoed.

So Harry does.

“I love you,” He finally said, and then silence.

Harry thought he’d feel relieved after finally letting that out. But he wasn’t.

Louis hasn’t said anything, but a feeling in his chest told him that something was coming. And it wasn't I love you, too.

“Harry...” Louis started off. Harry waited, and finally convinced himself to face the other boy.

Louis looked like he was going to say something, but stopped himself at the last second. Instead , he reached into his pocket, and pulled out—

A Clock.

He looked at it for a second, before a pained smile ghosted his face. And that’s when Harry knew.

Louis’ Clock hasn’t stopped.

He didn’t have his own Clock with him, but he knew it was still sitting in his drawer at home, ticking like the last four months didn’t happen. If Louis’ hadn’t stopped, then his hadn’t either.

“It hasn’t stopped, Harry,” Louis said. Harry didn’t think it could hurt any more than it already did, but somehow, hearing it said out loud—it's worse than fucking hell.

“Yeah, it hasn’t.”

It was silent for a minute, neither of them wanting to speak.

And when Louis finally did, Harry’s heart finally broke.

“So I guess this is where we end,” he said. There was a hint of a laugh in his voice, but no humor at all.

“What if we try, Lou?” Harry asked. “What if we try? We stay together and see what happens.”

He didn’t know what he was saying. Must be his heart speaking.

“It’s not that easy, Harry—”

“Why can’t it be?” Harry cut him off. “We stay together and see what happens. It shouldn’t be that hard, Lou, we can—”

“No.” It was Louis who cut him off this time. Harry’s head was starting to spin. He run a hand through his hair, let out a huge breath and rested his head on the steering wheel.

“I lied, you know,” Louis said.

“What?”

“I lied,” he repeated. “On the night that we met, I saw that your Clock hasn’t stopped. I didn’t say anything because I wanted to see how it felt.”

“How what felt?” Harry asked. It sounded stupid, but he can’t exactly think straight. All this heartache is messing with his head.

“Falling in love with someone who isn’t your soulmate,” Louis replied, like that would answer everything.

Louis sighed before speaking again. “When I was young, my granddad told me this story. About a girl he fell in love with, who wasn’t my grandmother. They met, and their Clocks didn’t stop, but that didn’t stop them from trying. I was confused. I thought, what’s the point? If you already knew who your soulmate was, then why bother with someone who isn’t?

And then he told me, that’s part of the story, son—a chapter. I didn’t understand what he meant at the time, but...” he trailed off.