drink so much alcohol.” he says softly once they’re comfortably sitting on the couch.

“I’m 28, Jongin.” Chanyeol replies simply, like it made it right. “I can handle my liquor.”

Frowning, Jongin doesn’t comment on it. He doesn’t want to upset Chanyeol. They start to play WoW and Jongin forgets about his shyness or self-consciousness as he curses at Chanyeol when he loses again and again. Chanyeol laughs a lot, loudly too. He has tears in his eyes and he appears younger when he’s happy. His youthful expression takes Jongin’s breath away. He wishes Chanyeol would always look like this.

When Chanyeol calms down, he starts pulling his sweater off, mumbling “too hot” under his breath. Jongin looks away as more of his skin gets on display, panicked. He’s feeling hot too but there’s no way he’s taking off his sweater. He bites his lip and resolutely keeps looking at the TV screen.

Eventually, Chanyeol notices his discomfort. “Why are you uncomfortable?”

“Your tattoos. I can see them.” Jongin mumbles, looking at the floor with a frown.

“So?” Chanyeol replies, confused. “I don’t mind.”

Jongin’s head snaps back up with a gasp. “You don’t? But it’s private! And intimate! All your life is written on your skin!”

Chanyeol’s eyes widen and he shrugs. “I really don’t mind if people see my tattoo, I have nothing to hide.” Ashamed, Jongin drops his eyes. He wishes he was as confident as Chanyeol. He rubs his left rib and cringes. Chanyeol seems to notice. “What’s written there?” he inquires.

“Something someone told me a long time ago,” Jongin whispers. “I wish it could disappear.”

“You do know that life tattoos aren’t punishment, right?” Chanyeol asks, concerned.

“Sometimes they feel like it.” Jongin confesses, his eyes glistening with unshed tears. He bites his lips, refusing to cry. Again. He blames him for being emotional all the damn time now.

“You shouldn’t let those words hurt you.” Chanyeol says. “They’re all in the past after all. It’s your history.”

Sighing, Jongin shakes his head. “But I can see them everyday. They’re inked on my sin. Forever on my body. How can I forget them, hyung?”

“What are you afraid of?” Chanyeol inquires, getting closer. “Jongin?”

“That people will see those words and believe them.” he replies shakily, biting hard on his lower lip.

Chanyeol grabs his hand, still clenched on his sweater against his rib, and presses it to his arm, next to his right elbow. “Read.”

Jongin hesitates. “Run away.” he whispers. Chanyeol nods then moves his hand to his inner wrist. “I want to die.” He gasps at that and grips Chanyeol’s wrist. “Chanyeol!”

“I’ve thought about it so much that one day it appeared on my skin.” Chanyeol says, his eyes sad. “I regretted it a lot when my mom found out. But it doesn’t go away and I have to live with it.” He pauses. “Do you see me differently while knowing? Do you want to stop being my friend, Jongin?”

At Jongin’s loud “no”, he grins, looking relieved. “See. Nothing I could read on your skin could change how I see you. You’ll still be my friend, no matter what.”

Jongin stares at him in awe and smiles softly, touched. Chanyeol smiles back, bumping their shoulders together and looking at him with so much fondness in his gaze that Jongin’s heart skips a beat.

 

 

 

Weeks later, they find themselves studying together for their upcoming finals on Jongin’s bed. “You never told me,” Jongin breaks the silence, his tone hesitant. “About your injury.”

Chanyeol shrugs, looking down at his book. “There’s nothing much to say.”

“I don’t want to be nosy but what happened?” the younger tries, biting his lips. He sits cross legged on his bed and watches as Chanyeol closes his textbook and does the same, facing him.

“I...” his voice cracks and he flushes, embarrassed. “God, it’s harder than I thought. I’ve never really talked about it before.” He rubs his neck in a sign of nervousness.

“Never?” Jongin asks, surprised.

“Only to my therapist.” Chanyeol admits, looking up at Jongin’s face to see his expression. The younger nods slowly. “I don’t like talking about it because it doesn’t concern only me, you know. My sister was involved too.”

“You have a sister?” Jongin inquires curiously.

“Yes, an older sister. She...she’s really important to me, but she doesn’t really want to