The Cover, an introduction and Masterpost Sections List

.

.



 

Huge thanks to EmberDW for her monumental assistance on this
piece of cover art.  She's a great friend and a wonderful artist! And
I was so swamped with work and wasn't getting quite the feeling I
wanted and she came in and with a few strokes, helped me get exactly
what I was hoping to achieve.

I wanted complete devastation and between the two of us we got it.  Then,
another friend of mine, came in and beta'd the work with me and with
another few deft strokes, it was as close to perfect as I could get.

I hope you all agree.  I know that Junkerin, the writer, really liked it quite
a bit and that's what I was hoping.

I hope you like what I've done.  I hope, too, that you can appreciate that photomanip
can be quite daunting sometimes.  I have tremendous respect for true artists and the
work they produce.  My hat's off to them.  I'm limited to manipulating what already
exists, but I like the work I've done here for this story.  I hope you enjoy them
and it... so, go read... it's quite an interesting story!

Thanks for stopping by, Mari


.



Here's a list of what's included in this Graphics Masterpost.
I've also included Walk-Throughs which could be better knows as 'How This Graphic Was Created'.


To Come...

Each of these headers was created to evoke something important to each chapter.My goal was to support the chapter but, to also entice the reader!

CHAPTER HEADERS
I really wanted to do something special with these chapter headers. So, to that end, I chose a very specific happening, a specific important moment from each chapter to depict. There are only a couple that were 'lucky finds' and with careful cropping would give me the image I sought. All the others are layered amalgamations of various photographic images that allowed me to create the image I thought would best represent the chapter. I wanted these images to also hint at what the reader would be experiencing. 

I'll go through how some of these headers were created in a Walk-Through.




















































































.

.

.

.

Junkerin spent a good deal of time building her world.  And although, it’s based on countries
Currently in existence, she’s very creatively renamed those countries to reflect her story.

This map did not come out quite the way I wanted, but it serves its purpose. I might
revisit this piece again at another time, just for the challenge of it!





West Wales = Cambria			New Quay	= Cei NewyddBristol 	=	Brycgstow			Cardiff		=	CaerdyddAlbion		=	Great BritainEire		       =	IrelandIsl		      =	IcelandNunaat	=	GreenlandAmerigo	=	USAFrankmerigo	=	CanadaVonstreuben =	Washington







These 'tiles' represent the Seven Levels of the Ancient Order of Mithras, which actually existed.   These are images of actual stone mosaics that date back to before the 4th Century.
These images were bit difficult to find in a good quality resolution.  Once I found them, I was able to repair them a bit so that they'd look like they were still in use by the faction that is the antagonist in this story.

The Seven Consecration Steps of Mithras are:
1.	Corax (Crow),
2.	Nymphus (Bridesman),
3.	Miles (Solider),
4.	Leo (Lion),
5.	Perses (Persian),
6.	Heliodromus (Sun runner),
7.	Pater (Father).

The type is not a font.  I actually used my mouse and wrote what I needed so that they would purposefully look rough.

From this full collection, I pulled out the specific 'tiles' that correspond to the Four Agents of Mithras that appear in the story. Junkerin used these throughout the fic as supporting images and scene dividers.























This was done specifically for the author!  I wanted to do a surfer
Jared for the story as well.  I'm not in love with this one, but it
was my 8th attempt and it was better than the others, so, I went with it!

These 4 items are extremely important through the story.



End of Chapter Three


End of Chapter Six


End of Chapter Twelve


Finally... Jared and company arrive in safe harbor.



End of Chapter Nine




End of The Epilogue


Comments should never be lost!

We all live for comments on our work... and I wasn't going to lose these!

I screen capped them... and here they are...



























