carved. He ran his fingers over the fading letters, but was unable to read them. “Mik, why are there faces in the walls?”

“What do you mean?” she asked, approaching him. She gasped when she saw it. It was almost like a layer of cloudy ice was covering them, but there were indeed faces – people! – in the walls. Unable to contain herself, she reached out to touch.

Something hummed from all around them. “Maybe we should get out of here,” she said, grabbing his arm.

The wall shimmered and a figure stepped through it. He resembled one of the four faces frozen in the walls, but looked a great deal younger.

“Eep!” Ardos shrieked, running for the door.

“It’s okay, just a hologram,” she said, waving her arm through the figure’s torso.

“Hey, that tickles,” the man said.

Mikya’s eyes grew wide and she stilled. “So-sorry.”

He laughed. “I’m kidding. Just a hologram. Can’t feel a thing.”

“See, Ar, it’s okay,” she said over her shoulder, though was still a little uneasy.

The man bent down to one knee so he could stand at eyelevel with her. “I don’t think you’re supposed to be down here, are you?”

She shook her head and looked down at her toes. “We were just curious.”

“Hmm. I suppose I can let that slide. So long as you’re more careful next time you get curious. Not everything in the city is benevolent.”

“What does ben-ev-o-lent mean?” Ardos asked, peeking his head through the doorway.

The man chuckled again.

“It means nice,” Mikya said. “Or, not bad.”

“So you’re nice?” Ardos asked, standing a little taller.

“I like to think so,” he said. “I’m John Sheppard. Or, his likeness, I guess. I have all his memories and stuff. Who are you?”

“I’m Mikya Shep, and this is Ardos Kay.”

“So, Mikya Shep and Ardos Kay. What brings you down to my neck of the woods? What sort of thing has you curious?”

“The stories of the first Terrans,” Mikya said. “It is said that they still live within the city. Most people think it’s just a legend, but our Gran always made it seem so real.”

“The first Terrans, you say,” John said, frowning. “I think I remember something like that. It was quite a long time ago, I’m not sure I can recall all the details. Why don’t you remind me?”

“Well,” Mikya began. “It is said that a group of explorers came here from another galaxy. They found the city dying at the bottom of the ocean. They were able to revive her, but they woke a terrible beast, which sought destroy Atlantis and Earth and everything in their path.”

“Ah, of course, I remember now. And the handsome hero killed all the Wraith and saved the galaxy. Does this sound right?”

Mikya giggled. “You have funny ears. Like mine. Raine always makes fun of them.”

“Who is Raine and should I beat her up?”

Mikya shook her head. “Raine Dax. She’s my best friend in the whole universe. She’s kinda mean though.”

“I guess that’s okay. My best friends can be kind of mean too. Not too mean, though, right?”

Mikya shook her head again. She loved Raine, and knew Raine loved her too. “So it’s true? The stories about the Wraith?”

“Well, I don’t know it all the stories are true. What happened after the Wraith were defeated?”

“Well, there were other enemies too,” Mikya said.

“The Replicators!” Ardos exclaimed. “The Terran’s kicked their butts too.”

John smiled. “Yeah, I suppose we did.”

“The original colony was very small,” Mikya said. “But over time it grew, and as the city was made safer, more were allowed to settle here. Millions live here now.”

“That’s a lot,” John said with wide eyes. “What else did your Gran tell you?”

“Well, the story goes, that one day the city demanded a sacrifice. I never really understood this part though. She asked for some of the people to stay with her forever.”

John nodded. “Do you know what this place is?” he asked.

“Human interphase,” Mikya said. “It’s where the leaders come to access city systems.”

“Yeah, but it’s a little more than that.” John walked up to the walls, which were still glowing eerily. “When she demanded our sacrifice, this is where we came. She keeps us alive, here.”

“So it’s true. You are alive