his perfectly red, pouty lips? It made his stomach twist and suddenly, he wished he had never been brought up to Mount Olympus.

Zayn looked back when he heard Liam and he looked momentarily frozen in place, like he wasn’t quite sure what to say. They stared into each other’s eyes for a few moments before Zayn broke down and turned to his mother.

“You are not to tell him what you told me.” He whispered, lowering his voice and narrowing his eyes. “You will not tell Liam. You will not tell Poseidon. You are not to interfere in his life. You’ve already done plenty of damage.” He whispered and turned on his heel to go back to Liam.

Zayn didn’t know what had changed in him. He had never cared for somebody so strongly. He wasn’t the type of person to fall in love or to be involved with anyone who was not a God. He had flings, went to earth when he wanted a quick fuck and no emotions. He used his power to his advantage because why wouldn’t he? Anyone would sleep with him, anyone would consider themselves lucky to be in his presence, let alone let Zayn be inside them. But something about Liam- about what his mother had done. It infuriated him. Liam did not deserve the hand he was dealt.

He stormed back to Liam and pushed him back into the study as nicely as he could before he changed his mind. He grabbed Liam’s wrists and yanked him forward.

“C’mon. Follow me.” He ordered as he dragged Liam along, not giving him very much choice as he did so.

Liam was more confused than ever, looking around for Zayn’s mum but it seems she had disappeared as quickly as possible after the fight. Liam wasn’t very comfortable with following Zayn after the scene he had heard, but Zayn wasn’t giving him much of a choice.

“Where are we going?” Liam asked, tone low as he stumbled after Zayn, holding his wounded side and trying to keep his ragged breathing low.

“My room.” Zayn answered quickly, not in the mood to stop and answer useless questions.

Liam was not comfortable with that. He weakly yanked his arm, wanting it out of Zayn’s grip, but Zayn was holding steady. Liam grunted softly and yanked harder, almost falling back onto his bum with the sheer force of it. “Stop!” He yelled as he got of of Zayn’s death grip. Zayn did stop, surprisingly. It was only surprising to Liam because of the fight that he had witnessed between Zayn and his mother. He didn’t know Zayn in any other light except of being a god and what he had seen since Zayn brought him here.

“What?” Zayn asked in a huff, ignoring the way the servants stared at him as they stopped what they were doing. Well, he tried to ignore them at least, but they really were very nosy. “Don’t you have dusting to do? Grapes to feed? I hear Zeus really needs a foot rub.” He snapped at a nearby servant, whose eyes widened when Zayn even glanced at her and she rushed off to do as he said.

Liam could not believe the way he was acting. He had thought he was sweet before, maybe a bit misunderstood. He certainly looked the part, all dark and brooding and edgy. But he had brought Liam up to Mount Olympus and saved him. That was worth something to Liam. Maybe all the stories he had heard about Zayn were right though. He was just a selfish prick of a God who had a complex. Always needed to get what he wanted.

It was not a trait that Liam particularly admired.

“I don’t want to go to your bedroom.” He said, trying to put on a brave face as he spoke out against Zayn. The rest of the servants who were still watching gasped and began to murmur quietly to each other. Nobody spoke out to the God’s. They frowned upon it. You were only supposed to thank them or ask them things nicely, and even then there was proper bowing etiquette and such.

Zayn’s dark eyebrows furrowed, his hazel brown eyes clouding with uncertainty as he listened to Liam. “You don’t want to got to my bedroom. And why not?” He asked , his voice harsh, but only asking because he was curious. He wasn’t bringing Liam there to bed him. But that’s exactly what Liam thought.

“I’ve hear rumors about you, you know.” He said as he backed up slowly, wanting to get out of Zayn’s reach.

At any other time, Zayn would’ve been delighted. Good or bad, Zayn loved to be talked about. He never admitted it or even acted outright as such, but he was an attention hog.  He did it in much more subtle ways.

“Alright?” Zayn said slowly and cleared his throat as he took a step towards Liam. “And what exactly