was his reply before Jongin went down the boy’s body. Sehun gripped the sheet when Jongin’s tongue experimentally licked his cock before taking it in his mouth and sucking. Sehun arched on the bed and moaned loudly, one of his hands going to rest on the older one’s head.

“More” He breathed.

Jongin sped up the rhythm, deep throating him and gaged a bit, before he set up a pace. When he released him with an obscene sound, Sehun was a sweaty mess, trashing under him to get him back to work. The agent chuckled and rewarded him by biting the inside of his thigh, his hands massaging his balls teasingly.

Sehun gave him a kick to stop him, whining. “Fucking tease” He rasped. Jongin stopped his torture and stood up to remove the rest of his clothes, then helped Sehun to step out of his. The stripper backed away on the bed and intimated Jongin to follow him with his finger. The agent smirked and climbed on him, putting small kiss on his body before attaining his lips. They kissed hungrily, hands caressing and groping before the younger one reversed the roles, straddling Jongin.

He stared him down, smirking. “So, do you do this often ?” He asked. “What ? Sleeping with a stripper or just sleeping around ?” He smiled, coy. “Sleeping with a stranger ?” He clarified. “Oh. Not really my thing, but I can make some exceptions.” He admitted. “I thought so, you don’t seem the type !” Sehun stated, his fingers roaming his torso with feathers-like touches.

He bent over to kiss him slowly, then turn to search for something in the nightstand, taking out a condom and a bottle of lube. Opening the lid, he put some on his fingers while Jongin rolled the condom on his cock, hissing at the touch; he was so hard it hurt.

Sehun guided his fingers at his crack, slowly inserting one in, grimacing at the discomfort. Jongin watched him preparing himself and groaned at the sight, impatient. He stroked the stripper thighs and sides as he worked on himself, now two fingers in him. His eyes were closed, his mouth open, and Jongin could read the display of his expressions on his face, his pain, his discomfort and his pleasure gradually building up.

When three fingers were put it in, he moaned, arching on Jongin’s lap, rocking his body in rhythm with his pace, making the agent groaned at the friction. Sehun opened his eyes and withdrew his fingers, his body trembling. Jongin reached for him and locked their lips, his hands roaming around his back and groping his ass, making the younger moaned in the exchange.

“Sehun…I need…” The older grunted.

The stripper nodded, then raised his body taking Jongin’s cock in his hand to align it with his entrance, and smoothly going down on it. He bit his lips, grimacing at the intrusion while Jongin let out a throaty moan, his mouth falling open at the tightness of Sehun’s body. He helped him, placing his hands on his hips until he was fully in him. The stripper stilled, trying to adjust, breathing slowly. Their gazes met and they kissed tenderly, rocking their hips with care, the older one massaging Sehun’s rear to appease him.

The rhythm quickly escalated and soon Sehun was bouncing up and down Jongin’s lap, moaning out loud “Jongin Jongin Jongin” and scratching his skin. When Sehun stopped, his muscles complaining, Jongin reversed their roles and pushed him on his back, gripped his hips, lifted his legs and entered him once again, setting a faster pace. The stripper was trashing under him when he hit his special spot, crying out his name and some other words “harder, oh yeah like this- ah faster- here, Jongin fuck”.

Sensing his release approaching, Jongin stroked Sehun’s cock with the same pace as his thrusts in him, letting the younger reach his orgasm before him. He tensed and contract around him, and Jongin saw white, groaning his name. Exhausted, he dropped on Sehun, catching his breath. The stripper sighed and let his legs fell back on the bed.

After regaining some energy, the agent pull out, making them sigh at the sensation and collapse next to the younger after removing the used condom and throwing it away in the trashcan.

“Good ?” Sehun asked to break the silence. “Yeah, very good” Jongin replied, smiling at him. The stripper smiled in return and turned to face him, his fingers leisurely tracing some arabesques on his skin. Tired, Jongin let himself drift to sleep with Sehun’s caresses.

*

When he woke up, he was alone, no traces of Sehun. He let out a sigh, disappointed. He was going to go back to sleep when it hit him. The mission. He totally forgot about it and now the target was gone…worse, he knew nothing. Kris was going to kill him.

Speaking about him, he quickly stood up