and the Talosians were so taken with him.

One turned her deep brown eyes on him, fixing him with that concentrated stare that intimidated so many people. “Captain… Chris, forgive me if this is too personal, but this vision - this idealized marriage with children, life in a forever-perfect park, this isn’t what you really wish for, is it? Is this who you wish you really were?”

“What? Straight, home-loving, dying to have children, no taste for risk? All the things my grandmother wanted for me? No, of course not. I’m not some self-hating gay wishing I was hetro.”

“I have wondered sometimes,” said One carefully. “The way you refuse to acknowledge what’s right under your nose.”

“I put my duty first,” said Pike stiffly. “I’m entitled to my choices.”

“Yes,” agreed One gently, “except that your choices end up hurting more than just yourself. They hurt others who care deeply for you.”

* * *

“Doctor Boyce, should you not be back in sickbay?”

“I’m perfectly comfortable right here, Commander.” Boyce leant against the wall of the bridge, arms folded, glaring at the science officer who was now their acting captain.

“Doctor, we’ve no choice now but to consider the safety of this vessel and the remainder of the crew. We need to leave--“

“Bullshit! Three of our people are trapped down there. We don’t leave our own behind.”

“Their power of illusion is so great we can’t be sure of anything we do, anything we see. They could swat this ship like a fly. We must--“

“We must nothing! Starfleet Medical Protocols, regulation 121, section A. I’ll stand you down for seriously impaired judgment. We are not leaving them behind!” Boyce was right up in the other man’s face, his fists clenched in frustration.

“I suspect I’m not the one letting emotion cloud his judgement!” Commander Conseller turned his back on the doctor and sat himself in the captain’s chair. “This is your acting captain speaking. We’re leaving. Prepare for warp factor--“

The bridge was abruptly plunged into darkness. “All systems are dead. We’ve got nothing,” reported the pilot. As the back-up batteries took over, essential services and lighting flickered on. “Once the batteries drain, we’ll lose gravitation and the air supply. Your orders, captain?” demanded Boyce sarcastically. The two men glared at each other.

Behind them the monitors starting to sputter back to life. They both spun round and watched as the contents of the ship’s database flickered across the screens, almost too fast to be recognizable. The communications officer turned to them. “We’ve no control. The Talosians seem to have taken over. They are using all our power to run through our information banks.”

* * *

The prisoners dozed in their cage, One and Barry sitting close together near to Pike, their hands almost touching. Vina sulked ostentatiously some distance from them. Pike watched the piece of wall through which food had been previously introduced through slitted eyes, letting his hate stew in his mind on a low simmer, disguising his intentions. Hate might be primitive in its origins but humans could make it as emotionally complex as any other aspect of their contradictory lives. Vina had told him that it was impossible to keep hating their captors indefinitely but she was wrong. Even easier was to hate himself for what he’d done to the two officers sat beside him, to the doctor who he was sure was going crazy back on the ship, to himself. He was going to get out of here. He was going to put it right.

As the small hatch slid open he dived forward, grabbed the Talosian behind the hatch and pulled him into the room, pinning him down with strong hands wrapped around his throat. The tall grey figure morphed into a long-toothed orange monster but Pike didn’t even blink, just squeezed harder.  “Stop this illusion or I’ll twist your head off. Try one more illusion, try anything at all and I’ll break your neck.”

The Talosian shifted back to his native form and whispered hoarsely: “Your ship. Release me or we’ll destroy it.”

“Chris, please, they’re not bluffing,” begged Vina.

Pike hauled the Talosian to his feet. “I’m going to gamble you’re too intelligent to kill for no reason at all.” He shoved the hostage at One and turned to blast at the transparent wall of the cage with a phaser. Nothing happened. It looked as pristinely perfect as ever. He turned back to the Talosian, now being held from behind by One, and put his phaser to the bulbous grey cranium.

“On the other hand, I’ve got a reason to kill. I’m willing to bet you’ve created an illusion that this phaser is empty. I bet it just