"Ectoplasmic affinity," he'd called it, or something like that. Unfortunately, Rodney had no idea how to turn off these mystical magnetic powers, and he couldn't ask John, because then he'd want to know why, and then he'd make that little pouty face that Rodney just couldn't deal with right now, he just couldn't.

"Can't you just, oh, haunt the beach or something?"

"Too bright out. Why are you trying to get rid of me?"

"I'm not - "

"Are too."

"Oh, very mature."

*

Rodney had spent years imagining his first day as a professional writer. He would wake up at leisure, enjoy coffee and a donut on the porch, and then settle down in front of a humming computer and let the creativity flow.

"So, whatcha writing?"

Rodney jumped up. "Jesus Christ!"

John settled cross-legged on the desk. "Do I make the 'not him' joke, or has that lost its charm?"

Rodney pointed an accusing finger. "I told you you didn't exist!"

"Yeah, well, surprise. Are you going to answer my question?"

"What question?" Rodney asked, sinking back into his chair.

"What you were writing. Course, I'd appreciate a name, too, if you get the chance."

"Rodney McKay. Uh, that's my name. And I'm writing a novel."

"Ooo, I like novels. What's it about?"

Rodney shook his head slowly. "This is absurd. I'm cracking up. The old woman is taking me down with her."

John cocked his head to the side. "You're a weird guy, you know that?"

"It's been mentioned," he said faintly. "I don't think you'd say that if you were a product of my own mind. And if you're not a figment, then you're..." John waved an arm through Rodney's computer screen, "...you're actually what you look like you are."

"Glad to see you're coming around to the idea. It was getting kinda boring waiting for your creative juices to settle down."

"The process cannot be rushed!" Rodney snapped.

"Sheesh, all right."

"How did you..."

"Surfing accident. Just down the cliff there. My buddies and I were camped out in this lighthouse the night before, so I guess that's why my ghostly being ended up here again." He waved a vague hand around. "Explains how the place came so cheap, huh?"

"Explains the Bermuda shorts."

"Hey, these are cool!"

Rodney snorted. "Yeah, like twenty years ago."

*

Once he'd breached the airlock, Rob doffed his protective helmet and shook out his thick head of manly auburn hair. The alien was in here, somewhere, and as Galaxy Command's number one scientist and weapons expert, he was the only man who could track it down. He flipped open his triangulator and followed its indicated path through the dark corridors, which smelled strangely chemical. He reached a room, and in that room, was a figure that could only be his target.

"Freeze!" he shouted, having already pressed the small button that turned the triangulator into a laser pistol. "Turn around - nice and slow, buddy."

The translation implant rendered the alien's response as a deep-voiced, "Blast! You've caught me, O'Flynn!" As the alien turned at last and Rod finally got to lay his eyes upon his quarry, he saw that the alien was, in fact, remarkably like a human! It was tall, with a pointed face and dark hair that stuck up in all directions; if he didn't know better, he'd say it had been designed that way. The alien smirked -

"No, no, NO!" Rodney smashed his hands on the keyboard. The cat meowed and dashed out of the room.

"Ass-jih-klippera? That's not a word."

Rodney jumped at the voice over his shoulder and threw his arms over the screen. "Have I not told you to never read over my shoulder?"

John scrunched up his face. "I'm not sure how to answer that to say that you have."

"Then why, why, why - "

"Because you're still ignoring me!"

"I am trying to work, and you are dead to me and everyone else!"

John rolled his eyes. "Yeah, right. Look, Rodney, I think I know what's going on."

"Nothing is going on! Nothing with me, nothing with - you - and definitely nothing with my book, if this conversation continues."

"Hey, it's okay, really. You're in love with me. It's cool."

"What?!" Rodney shrieked. "How did - why would - what gave you - "