lurking in the forest. I have a very bad feeling about this. I think I should write to my uncle and ask for his advice.”


‘To be honest, I also felt it. I’m sure the others are the same except for maybe Hayato since he's not fully develop yet, you should warn him. And yes, I also agree that you should ask your uncle regarding this matter.’


“You’re probably right. I'll talk to the others about Hayato. Anyway, I found someone else that has the same eye colour as yours.” Sousuke bumped his forehead with Akatsuki’s while closing his eyes.


‘That’s interesting. Is it the griffin?’


“No, it’s the human child.”


‘Really? What’s the name?’


Sousuke opened his eyes and said, “Makoto.”

Misaki - Makoto's griffinAkatsuki - Sousuke's dragonTowa - Sousuke's phoenix

---

mythical creature in this chapter:

- Griffin: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griffin- Ceffyl dŵr: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceffyl_D%C5%B5r- Dragon: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dragon- Phoenix: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoenix_(mythology)- Shapeshifter: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/shapeshifter

---

Please feel free to tell me if you have any problem understanding the story.

truly sorry for the late update, never thought that it would take me two weeks to update this chapter. there's not much for this update but i assure you, the next chapter will follow soon, probably in the next 2-3 days. thank you for reading this.

enjoy~


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

That night, Makoto had a dream that he couldn’t get his mind off. He somehow remembers every single detail of it. It started off when Makoto woke up in an unusual bed. He sat up and looked around, scanning the room that he’s currently residing. ‘Hold on, this is not my room. Where am I?’

While gathering his thought, he slowly get out of bed and went to the window. When getting himself out of the bed, he noticed that he is not in his usual 6 years old body. Instead, he is in a body of an adult. This put him in a more puzzled state. As he reach the window, he saw a beautiful scenery of a sunrise that overlook the forest’s horizon and the view slowly calming Makoto’s nerves. He opened the window and breathe in the fresh morning air. He then decided to explore the place to find out exactly where he is.

The room that Makoto resided in was at the end of the hallway. Makoto closed the door behind him and walked through the long hallway. One side of the hall was lined with a few doors and on the other side was a full length floor-to-ceiling window that faced the place’s garden. It was a very lovely sight for Makoto since he loves to sit in the garden.

Makoto walked through the place for a while, but somehow he could not made out of where he is. ‘I don’t think I ever come to this place before. Where exactly am-’

“Mako, you’re up.”

‘That voice. It can’t be.’ Makoto turned around and as soon as he saw the person who called his name, he woke up.


‘No way, it can’t be. I don’t understand. What's going on? Sousuke.’



---



The next morning


Sousuke waited in the garden for his guest to finish his breakfast.

“’Morning, Sousuke. Albert told me that you’ve been waiting for me here.”

“Ryuugazaki. ‘Morning. So, did you get enough sleep yesterday?”

“Yes, I did. As usual, your hospitality are the best. Anyway, have you fed yourself yet?”

“Thank you. No, the last time I fed myself was around four days ago.” Sousuke gestured to the garden chairs to Ryuugazaki, indicating that he wants Ryuugazaki to make himself comfortable.

“Hmm, you seem tired somehow.” Ryuugazaki sat himself on one of the chair and put down his bag on another.

“About that, I fought with a shap- a werewolf yesterday.” Sousuke looked around the garden one more time.

“Was it a newborn?” Ryuugazaki took out a file that has Sousuke’s name written on it.

“I couldn’t really tell but it was feeding.”

“No wonder. You supernatural beings are either stronger when you’re a newborn or you’re constantly feeding yourselves.” Ryuugazaki took out some papers from the file.

“Are you implying that I’m weak?” Sousuke chuckled.

“Oh, you know very well what I meant, Yamazaki.” Ryuugazaki gave a lazy smile while handing the papers to Sousuke.

“I know. How’s your son? Rei, was it?” Sousuke did not looked up from the papers that