with the help of some more filched paperclips, in order to keep the remaining confection fresh, he wandered over to the reading alcove furthest from where Blackquill was doing whatever he was doing, at a bit of a loss when it came to what to do.


I guess I could start another solitaire session.


No – he had had enough of cards for the day, and perhaps his entire life, even though he would rather agree to more games tomorrow than stare at the wall, considering that there was not even any wet paint to watch as it dried.


Maybe I’ll just try and find that case again. I mean, what’s the worst that can happen? It’s not like I’m not already stuck in here, so who cares if I fall asleep?


Apollo pulled the small handwritten list of file numbers out of his pocket, and checked which ones he had not yet marked as done. Silently, he collected four folders, and settled down to read.

***

Apollo woke from his doze when measured footsteps came to a halt right in front of him, and found Blackquill looking down at him with a grin.

“Your boredom level must be positively suicidal, if you resort to the archive materials for light reading.”

The defense attorney was sitting half-sprawled in the alcove armchair, with a folder still lying open on his lap, just as he had found himself last night. The light outside was beginning to fade, the basement room about to descend into darkness once more.

“I thought I’d use the time to try and find what I was originally looking for, so I don’t have to come back here for it after this delightful little stint.” Apollo knew he was sounding slightly belligerent, as he still had not located he case his superior had gone on about.

“Ah. That renders your apparent fascination with the files slightly more comprehensible.” Blackquill grimaced slightly. “At least the clink proper had a reasonably stocked library, even if the detention center did not benefit from it.”

By now, Apollo was getting the impression that the other man’s repeated comments in regard to this place being boring were hiding something more than just temporary ennui in the face of their situation.

“Sorry if I’m nosy, but… is this pretty much how you spent your days in there? Reading, meditation, and card games?”

Seven years of that sounded dreadfully boring – well, a little more than six, seeing that he had been allowed to do his job again for most of last year – and yet, the ex-inmate had made it through those somehow and had still displayed equanimity in court, while being stuck in here for only two days caused him to be antsy. It made very little sense.

Blackquill shrugged slightly. “There were a few other activities I engaged in, but these three items did occupy a substantial amount of my time. If one is confined behind bars for sixteen to nineteen out of every twenty-four hours, one learns to make do, occupy one’s mind lest it experiences slippage. Cells the world over are filled with those unfortunate enough to have failed in this endeavor.”

There it was – a tell, the minutest twitch of the prosecutor’s right lower eyelid when he mentioned ‘occupying one’s mind.’ Considering that he had just meditated for an hour, and had no reason to be excessively tense at the moment, Apollo could only conclude that the topic was triggering bad memories.

He had two options at this point, it seemed: Ask for more information and attempt to somehow discern what was eating Blackquill about being trapped with little to do, or risk being treated to another pacing session in the middle of the night, meditation or no meditation.

“Let me get this straight: You’ve somehow managed to never be bored out of your skull while sitting in prison? Not once?”

He was surprised when the prosecutor sighed.

“Boredom, Justice-dono, was my greatest enemy, and to be avoided at all costs. You have heard me refer to my conversations with fellow prisoners in court, and to duties which I performed inside the walls. Tell me – what significance do these pieces of information have? You are hardly as much of a dullard as you pretend to be sometimes, figure it out.”

Blackquill walked over to the row of tables in the middle of the room, selecting a chair and straddling it after pulling it out, his lower arms propped up on the back rest, gazing at Apollo as he waited for his answer.

Apollo thought for a moment. “That really isn’t a lot to go on, y’know… in court, I can get testimony to go with this sort of evidence, but without you giving me a bit more information, I don’t think I can make heads or tails of it…”

The prosecutor shook his head slightly. “You are not considering my specific situation as framework – quite neglectful of you. Why would someone in my profession, even if ostensibly fallen from grace, fraternize with criminals? Furthermore, inmates in my section of the clink