then?" said Greg as he pushed through the door, eyes searching out John. It took him a moment to realise that the other man had company. Another moment to process who that company was.

"Greg! Look who's come home!"

Greg stared at the lanky form of Sherlock and thought with distant amazement that he'd not realised that a heart could mend and break at the same time. He glanced over at John, took in the sparkling blue eyes, the broad smile, the lines of weariness that he'd traced so often with his fingers now eliminated by radiant happiness.

Sherlock was back. All was well. John was as enthralled as ever. And it was his cue to step back into the shadows like the obedient minor supporting actor he'd always been in the drama that was the life of Sherlock. He felt sick.

"Nothing to say, Inspector?" demanded Sherlock. "At a loss for words as usual. I see some things haven't changed in my absence. God know how your department survived without me. Badly, I suspect. Well, don't you want to know how I did it?"

Greg glanced back at John, burning with happiness, apparently eager to hear Sherlock's tale of wonder, all grief and anger miraculously forgotten. He thought back to one of those whispered conversations, late at night, John's face buried against Greg's neck. John confessing how often he'd thought of suicide during those first months. How he'd not wanted to use his gun in case his possession of an unregistered firearm somehow got Greg into even more trouble. How he'd made a list of all the other ways he could do it, working out which one would be most fool-proof while being the least trouble to his friends.

Out of all that confession, it was that last thought that had hurt Greg most. That good little soldier John had not wanted his death to be any trouble. Not like Sherlock and his rooftop dramas, not like Sherlock and his escalating game of confrontation with his nemesis, drawing all that loved him into the danger zone. And after all that, none of it had been true. They'd all continued to be the silly little pawns they'd always been, being moved hither and yon to suit Sherlock's delusions of deity, their emotions a curious weakness to be batted away with all the concern offered to a house fly.

Greg felt his hands drawing up into tight fists. If he'd been twenty years younger, he'd have knocked Sherlock down there and then. But he'd learnt control with age, just as he'd learnt the bitter truth of his own lack of importance in the scheme of things.

He turned back to Sherlock, who was quivering like a greyhound in his eagerness to share his own cleverness.

"Fuck you."

Greg turned, walked out of the door, down the stairs and back into the spring sunlight. He hesitated for a moment, blinking hard to contain the prickling of his eyes. He couldn't bear to go back to his flat, with its memories of John laughing on his sofa, John messing about his kitchen, John asleep in his bed. He couldn't face his work again. And if Sherlock came anywhere near his department ever again, he was putting in for an immediate transfer to North Yorkshire. He walked moodily in the direction of Regent's Park, clenched fists buried in the pockets of his coat, trying to talk his battered heart through yet another loss. How many could you take, he wondered, before the damage ran so deep that you couldn't ever love again?

He ended up sitting on a bench, staring moodily at the Boating Lake, a large drake giving him a beady eye, clearly displeased by the lack of food on offer. "Piss off," Greg said to it. "You and me both, mate. No scraps coming our way. Better bloody well get used to it."

Footsteps approached. Greg kept his head down, in no mood for eye contact with anyone. Still something about the deliberate tread clearly targeted at his bench told him this was not a stranger. John. It had to be. Of course sweet, concerned, well-mannered John would have come after him, despite his desire to spend every minute of the rest of his life with Sherlock. At moments like this Greg wished desperately that John was a little more selfish.

Now there would have to be an awkward discussion, John being apologetic, Greg being polite, John trying to let him down gently, Greg trying to hurry the process along. God, it was going to be unbearable. Maybe he should just tell John to fuck off, too, but that would be like kicking a puppy. And Greg couldn't bring himself to hurt John like that. He'd made enough of a fool of himself already, walking out like that, as much of a drama queen as Sherlock had ever been. He'd have to apologise. He'd have to patch things