. Except that while he might have wished—fervently, even, some days—that Sheppard swung that way, he didn't think he was masochistic enough to dream up a macho alien prince of a husband for him.

"Obviously," Sheppard continued, "I didn't mean for it to get that serious, but it's not exactly going to be a hardship for me to spend a few weeks with him. And if it benefits Atlantis, well, then everybody wins."

It suddenly occurred to Rodney that despite the fact that Sheppard was speaking to Elizabeth, he wasn't looking at her anymore, but was, instead, focused on Bates. That, more than anything, convinced Rodney that this wasn't some kind of bizarre illusion; the particular repercussions of outing oneself in front of Bates hadn't even occurred to him until now.

For his part, Bates had remained impassive throughout the discussion, looking for all the world like his superior officer wasn't currently violating regulations six ways from Sunday. He watched Sheppard's face calmly, then turned his attention to Elizabeth when she began to speak.

"Think about this for a minute, John," she said. "Do you think this is fair to Lukas? You're leading him on."

"You heard Teyla. That's what this time is for: getting to know each other and deciding if we're compatible. It's his culture, Elizabeth, I'm sure he knew what he was getting into. It'll be fine." Sheppard lounged back in his chair, apparently relaxed, but Rodney watched his fingers tap out a nervous rhythm against one thigh.

Elizabeth nodded slightly. "Okay, let's say that I accept that. What if you are compatible?"

That was obviously something he hadn't considered, because his face reverted to what Rodney thought of as his null state expression. "Well," he said slowly. "I suppose that depends entirely on you and Sergeant Bates, doesn't it?" And to his credit, he looked completely and utterly serious.

That made Rodney's head hurt even more, because he couldn't believe they were sitting here discussing the possible outcome of Major John Sheppard's trial marriage to the son of the Zanai chieftain. It was insane. The only thing that stopped Rodney from saying so aloud was the fact that it was a moot point. Bates was US military through and through; he'd never let this whole crazy thing get off the ground, let alone get to the point where Sheppard was picking out bridesmaid's dresses.

Elizabeth looked at Bates, who met her gaze levelly. "You're the diplomat, ma'am," he said, "but I think that it couldn't hurt to have ambassadors from certain worlds living in Atlantis. Zanai technology is some of the most advanced in this galaxy; they could be valuable allies. And if the Zanai ambassador were to specifically request that Major Sheppard oversee his security detail? Well, I wouldn't have any problem with that, even on a long-term basis."

"What?" Rodney said, not quite able to believe his ears. "This is insane. You are all insane. What—"

"Rodney!" Elizabeth frowned at him and he closed his mouth, his jaw clenching against the torrent of words that wanted to spill out.

"Captain Kirk strikes again," he muttered under his breath, ignoring the look Sheppard shot at him.

In the end, Sheppard won, and it was decided that the fewer people who knew the truth of the situation, the better. Lukas was given the best quarters they had available—as befitting an ambassador—and Sheppard was assigned to "guard" him. The meeting broke up and Sheppard headed off to find Lukas and explain to him—with, Rodney imagined, a fair bit of fast-talking—his newfound ambassadorial status.

And if Rodney was still in the control room when the pair returned from their wedding feast on Anzanai nearly six hours later, servants and luggage in tow, it was just because he'd been meaning to run diagnostics on the dialing system for weeks now but hadn't had the chance, nothing more.



~ * ~ * ~

It was nothing short of a nightmare. Everywhere he turned, Rodney was confronted with reminders that Sheppard was sharing quarters with someone who was probably some kind of alien sex god. He couldn't help wondering about Sheppard's prior experiences with guys—did he top, or bottom, or had he even done enough to know which he liked better?—and since knowledge of the relationship was limited to a handful of Atlantis personnel, he couldn't even relieve his frustration by complaining about it. Somehow he couldn't imagine Sergeant Bates would be very sympathetic.

Still, that wasn't the worst of it. The worst of it was that any time his mind was less than two-hundred percent occupied with work, he found himself thinking of Sheppard and Lukas and what might be happening behind closed doors. And not just generic oh,