, all the words that slipped out of their mouths, it was way too impossible to simply run away, to just stop.

But Louis was, determined as always. He would get away from this person as long as he wanted to. He couldn’t just lose and give up, and give him everything, comply to every bit of Zayn was telling him to do.

This was all the reason why they were together anyway, the running away, the chasing, and the conquering. And yet, even though how many times he failed to get away from him, he still doesn’t want to give up.

And now, all of a sudden, his mind was in a quicksand of questions and emotions and something inside him flickered; he just knew he wouldn’t be able to hold it in any longer. If he stays another minute with this closeness toward Zayn, he’d probably do something that he’ll regret later on.

“I-I’ll just go for a swim! Go ahead and grill something, I’ll take a quick dip.” Louis ran away from Zayn for the second time this day, and the Bradford Bad Boy sure was just letting him slip right in front of him. He needed to cool down. He needed air.

Louis needed to extinguish the heat burning inside him or else he’ll probably lose to Zayn.

xxx

There was a cold wind that blew on Louis’s half body that it was enough signal for him to finally hit the shore. He doesn’t really want to leave. The cold splashes on his bare skin keeps on pulling him back, but he knew he was away from Zayn for too long now. It was then that he realized the sky that was blue hours ago was slowly turning into a palette of all sorts of purple and orange tones. It was only a few strokes towards the shore so he decided to float himself, not wasting this beautiful canvas above him.

He almost start to wonder why Zayn never tried to join him in here but he realized that beneath that strong facade of him, lies a kid who’s actually afraid of the ocean. He laughed within himself. But it slowly turns into a hit of guilt when it just occurred to him that Zayn chose this place because he likes the ocean so much and obviously he was the only one enjoying this whole trip which was supposed to be their date.

xxx

He noticed how fast the people dispersed, leaving their spot secluded near the rock formation.

Louis walked towards their mat and found Zayn sleeping on his back, his head resting on his right arm, comfortably lying on the right side of the mat, enough for Louis to sit in. He started to wrap himself with a towel and grab some of the grilled barbecue Zayn had prepared to him. Aside from the view of the ocean and the sky, Louis couldn’t resist the temptation of looking at Zayn’s torso every now and then. It was a different feeling when he’s just staring at it, not with their skins in contact, his visions in complete blur, and his senses all over the place. It was like seeing Zayn in a completely different perspective, and the flames inside his body that he just extinguished moments ago all seem to go back with a larger amount.

Louis was almost done with his third stick when he heard the mat rustled behind him, he turned his head and saw Zayn’s eyelashes fluttering his eyes open in such a way an innocent child just woke up from his deep slumber.

“Oh. You’re finally here.” Zayn sluggishly said.

“Y-yeah. I just finished my third stick. The sauce was great.”

“It was prepared by your mom.” Louis saw Zayn moved behind him, and in one pull, Zayn was sitting beside him, mimicking his position, both of their knees up to their chest, joining Louis as they watch the sun sets right infront of them. “Did you enjoy the ocean? I’m pretty sure you did.”

“Of course I did. But, you didn’t even try immersing yourself in the water, did you? You should’ve at least tried it. It was relaxing. I was the only one who enjoyed this…this place. You must be really bored.” Louis played with his stick and drew irregular shapes in the sand as he lowered his head. “You hate the ocean.”

“You seem to be really worried about me.”

“W-what? No, I’m not! I was just thinking that you should’ve thought of a place where both of us will enjoy. Not just for me, it’s not even my birthday.” He mumbled into his towel that was draped all over his head. He was feeling such a kid from all the words that were slurries from his mouth, and he was grateful he could hide the way his cheeks just flushed beneath the towel from Zayn’s subtle laughter. “Next time, choose a place where we could both do something together.”

“Oh. So you’re looking forward