got to hurry if he wants to avoid the rain… but all he does is lowers himself and places his elbows on his knees.

“I didn’t think you’d want to trace me,” he says. “Why? Isn’t living without me kind of similar to being freed?”

“some people can’t be freed,” Sans objects.

Frisk drops the keys. What is that supposed to mean?

“What do you mean?” he asks. It can’t be what he thinks it is.

“the old lady misses you,” the skeleton answers.

While it seems inappropriate at first, Frisk is aware that Sans never says inappropriate things. If he mentioned Toriel, it should mean she has something to do with all of this. He stomachs the thought, and soon the pieces begin to gather into a picture.

Sans has his number though he shouldn’t and can’t be willing to.

He’s not as cheerful as he used to be.

Frisk doesn’t spend a lot of his time watching his surroundings.

He grits his teeth.

“Don’t tell me you’re still fulfilling that promise,” he chokes out.

Sans chuckles humorlessly. “heh. told you they can’t. now, if you excuse me, i really have work to do. as for your visit… i won’t stop you, but believe me when i say i've seen enough of you already.”

That’s why he’s depressed. Frisk told him in detail about his ability to reset and shared his negative opinion on the entire race of monsters, then threatened not to gift them their happy lives. Sans must be waiting for him to reset and is bound to protect him at the same time – someone he doesn’t care about, someone he thinks will destroy everything in the end.

No one should be going through this.

“Y-you… you don’t have to do that anymore,” Frisk stutters. “Sans, I can take care of myself just fine, I’m-”

“twenty seven, i know,” the skeleton catches.

“-and I won’t reset, I promise, so please, please, just… just stop, okay?”

A low, bitter laugh answers him. “thanks for that lie, kid.”

“I’m not ly-”

Frisk hears a click. Short beeps start pouring into his ear shortly after, and they descend through his nerves, setting them on fire one by one. When they reach his heart, they squeeze it in a painful grip.


So many years, and Sans is still the same.


***

Frisk doesn’t like lying to Sans, that is why he does his best to convince himself that lying is not what he’s doing. However, lies cannot beat bare facts, and when he fails, frustration makes him bite his nails until he finds a credible excuse and a whole bunch of reasons that justify his actions.

Firstly, he’s not doing it for himself alone: he’s pretty sure Sans needs it as much as he does.

Secondly, he simply can’t leave things the way they are: the sole thought of having the skeleton secretly watching him made Frisk desperate to look around all the time, which led him to a state where he started having problems at work, not to mention his bed time. Restless nights, all attention towards the slightest of noises, tiredness in the morning, falling asleep during the day – Frisk got these and many more flowers added to his already rich bouquet.

And Sans – he learned that from Papyrus – isn’t getting any better, either. He’s trying to seem normal, but Papyrus knows him all too well and sees through that.

So, that’s it. He’s erasing it all and building a new life where he won’t tell Sans anything about his ability to reset – that will take some of the weight from the skeleton’s shoulders. Frisk will behave like a normal human child, get through the hardships, give everyone their good ending - it’s going to destroy him, but he doesn’t believe there is a better outcome. Maybe if he does everything right, he’ll come up with something in the future…

He just needs not to think about the “cute couple” by the barrier while he’s getting there.

“Howdy! I’m Flowey. Flowey the flower!”

Frisk stands before Flowey again, in the Ruins, wearing an eleven year old body of himself, a striped shirt and a knowing expression. He’s not happy, but the level of determination he’s feeling inside is like nothing he’s ever experienced. This is the last fresh start for everyone, and many wouldn’t thank the boy for granting it – especially Sans, and especially if he was to find out he’s a part of the cause.

Frisk squats in front of Flowey and offers a smile.

“I know,” he says. “There’s some things I need you to know, too