me a lecture about how much I can bear.”

Iwaizumi stepped up and punched him. Hard.

Blood burst from his knuckles and from Oikawa’s lips. He swayed backwards and fell hard to the floor, wall on his back, but Iwaizumi didn’t give him time to recover; he bent forward and grabbed the neck of his T-shirt. To his friend’s surprise, he didn’t hit him again, but raised his voice to the point it echoed through the whole bathroom.

“Do you regret going to Seijoh? Is that what’s this about? Not being able to grow your potential or some shit?”

“I… I don’t…”

“Do you?”

“No!” Oikawa yelled as well, gripping his wrists. The punch had worked – his eyes were clearer and not so calm anymore. Alive. “I don’t! I swear I don’t, it’s not that.”

Iwaizumi sighed. He had never hit him in such a serious way before and now he was feeling a little guilty, but he knew it was better than convince his friend with words. They never worked with him. “Okay.” Kneeling in front of him, on the dirty floor and between his open legs, he felt closer to him. They knew each other since they were kids, knew what the other needed even if they didn’t want to give. Although he didn’t understand him as well as he wanted to, he knew Oikawa always needed a more intimate contact to open up – a hand on his shoulder, knees touching knees, a slight slap on his nape even. He wished for companionship.

Maybe he was already past the companionship. His friend looked at him as if expecting something more, but didn’t move for fear of getting hit again. Or that’s what he thought. Between the smell of blood and sweat and the anger and worry still present in him, Iwaizumi felt light-headed.

Oikawa’s bottom lip was bleeding a bit.

Iwaizumi forced himself forward and kissed him almost as hard as he had hit him earlier. Pressing him against the wall, he tasted blood and warm and it was too soon, too much, but it felt as if the wait had went on forever. He didn’t know where the thought came from or whether the boy was expecting it, but Oikawa followed the rhythm of his lips after a few seconds of being as still as a cornered rabbit. The bus could wait.

He raked his hands through his hair and his sides, desiring and wanting desperately for the first time as he sensed the other’s hands caressing his body as well – gentler, close to needy, but without pressing him to anything more. They kissed and bit, leaving each other breathless through the furious exchanges. Now it smelled of anger and defeat, and a need for comfort greater than everything else. Iwaizumi sneaked his hands beneath the boy’s shirt, feeling his skin as if discovering something he had been searching for months. He hadn’t realised how starved he was until now, and Oikawa didn’t even protest, either. They were both hungry creatures.

It was all a rushed and desperate thing. Still using his own body to press Oikawa against the white bathroom wall, he lifted his legs and made him sit on his lap. Wasting time wasn’t an option in his mind, so he quickly pressed his hands on his skin more, sometimes scratching, and went lower and lower until he caught the waistband of his shorts.

“F-Fuck, Iwa, the door isn’t even closed.”

“Then you would do well in shutting the hell up for once.”

He hadn’t touched him for more than a few seconds when Oikawa let out an enticing moan. A shiver run through his back. He knew things weren’t supposed to be like that – he knew he had to close the door, to ask him first, to slow down, but it felt like they didn’t need that, even if they had just kissed for the first time. He was too impulsive and Oikawa was too damn arrogant. They weren’t trying to make something pretty out of this.

Oikawa used his hand to cover his mouth while Iwaizumi started to move his own hand up and down. He didn’t feel the cold of the rain anymore. Instead, he felt like he was burning from the inside and his only relief was to give more attention to his partner.

In a way, it was all just to alleviate his own anger. In a way, it was to give comfort to Oikawa, too.

“You’re enough,” he whispered. For me, he wanted to add.

His other hand went to his own shorts and a grunt left his mouth as he got to touch the two of them with the same hand. A rhythm was building, fast and rough and as wild as they had been on the court. Oikawa couldn’t suppress another weak sound and let his head fall backwards, hitting the wall with a little thump.