’s as she trails off that I see the exhaustion and grief in her eyes. Aiden’s death has hit her harder than she’s letting on. Brave woman, but I’m still on edge.

I hesitate to say his name. “Aiden led us into the warehouse, we broke off, and Aiden started shooting. I ran over to see what was up, and all of a sudden there was an explosion. I got knocked backwards, as did Tara, and that’s when I’m assuming she hit her head—”

“You assume she hit her head?” Deanna interjects, narrowing her eyes slightly. I resist the urge to roll mine.

“Yes. I was a bit dazed myself when I was pretty much blown up so I didn’t see what exactly happened. When I got some balance back the first thing I did was check on Aiden. He was...impaled on a couple pieces of metal shelving. He didn’t look good but before I could do anything Glenn pulled me into an office and that’s when I saw what condition Tara was in. Her head was bleeding, and Nicholas kept wailing that we needed to leave. I kept yelling at him that Aiden was still alive. I could see him breathing. Nicholas wasn’t listening, and he and Eugene picked up Tara and got her out of there. I didn’t feel right leaving Aiden when I knew he was still alive, so Glenn tried to help me get him down. But every time we pulled him, he kept yelling, and it attracted walkers. He told us to go. I didn’t want to, but I knew we’d all die if we didn’t. Before I left, I told him I was sorry because I was. I am.”

When I finish, Deanna’s features are pinched, and I know it isn’t easy to hear a second recounting of her son’s brutal death. I let out a shaky sigh, the storytelling and the memory hitting me harder than I’d like it to. I watch Deanna hurriedly swipe underneath her eyes; I feel terrible for telling her the gruesome details, but she’s the one who asked. Beside her, Rick has remained silent, and he looks at me sadly. I know he can see how much this is affecting me, and I do my best to correct my poker face. I’m not sure it works, though.

“I think that’ll be all, Candace,” Rick says softly, glancing between me and the struggling Deanna, but the other woman holds up her hand, sniffling once.

“I’m not quite finished. Your telling doesn’t quite match up with Nicholas’s.” Of course it doesn’t. “Not to mention, we haven’t yet discussed your assaulting him yesterday.”

I cross my arms over my chest somewhat defensively. “Nicholas is, for lack of a better term, an asswipe. He’s a liar, too. He wanted to leave your son there, even when he knew he was still alive. He’s a coward, and because of him we were unable to save Aiden. Yesterday, I admit my emotions were running a little high and it set me off when Nicholas said what he did. I could have handled it better, but I’m not sorry I did it.”

Deanna has regained her composure, and she meets my stare eye-to-eye. Her back is ramrod straight, and I am unsure whether or not she actually buys my story.

“After the events of yesterday, I think it would serve you better to help Olivia in the pantry. She’s waiting for you.” Then, she releases me. I all but leap off the couch and out the door, temporarily ignoring the part where I’m off run duty. Glenn leans against the wall opposite the door, and I jerk my head at him, silently telling him it’s his turn. He nods in reply and walks into the room slowly, hands in pockets and shoulders hunched like a kicked puppy.

When the door closes again, I take a moment to take a deep breath. While I am not surprised to learn that Nicholas has tried to paint himself in a positive light, I can’t help the anger coursing through me at the thought. That, and the fact that I’m going to be further cooped up inside these walls. My hands curl into fists at my sides as I exit the house and step onto the street. People are out and about with their kids and their pets, and I’m surprised when a few of them wave at me. I offer a limp wave in return, before making a left and heading towards the pantry.

Olivia is, indeed, waiting for me, and when I walk through the door, she hands me a clipboard and directs me to the armory. I make a small face at the fact that she’s just handing over the armory to me, a complete stranger, who could easily