When Chanyeol’s sobs subside, Yifan urges him to look up, cupping his face. “What happened? Why are you crying?” he asks gently, thumbing his cheeks to wipe them dry.“You’re just so nice,” Chanyeol whispers, sniffling. “You never yell at me, or get angry, you’ve never hit me or hurt me.” Yifan frowns and draws back to look him in the eyes. Chanyeol looks away, refusing to meet his gaze so Yifan cups his cheeks.“Hey,” he mumbles gently. “Chanyeol, look at me.” The puppy does, his wet eyelashes blinking furiously. “I won’t ever hurt you. I care for you, so why would I? I would never lay a hand on you, I promise.” Chanyeol nods slowly, still doubtful.Yifan’s hands fall from his face and his shoulders slump. “You don’t believe me, do you?” he sighs, resigned. It’s obvious to him that Chanyeol doesn’t believe what he said. The hybrid had frowned, his face twitching weirdly, and had protectively wrapped his tail around his middle; a sign that he was scared. Chanyeol freezes when Yifan pulls away to sit farther away from him on the couch, not facing him. “It’s fine if you don’t trust me yet, I’ll just have to prove to you that I’m not lying,” he states firmly, and with one last look to his companion, he leaves the room.The rest of the week is awkward after that, both of them tip toeing around each other. They don’t talk much but still cuddle in front of the TV or in bed, Yifan petting the hybrid’s hair until he falls asleep in his arms. He also takes a habit to hug Chanyeol and kiss his forehead in the morning or when he comes home after work, the puppy’s heart fluttering in his chest at the attention.Somedays, when Yifan comes home exhausted and cranky, it’s Chanyeol who makes dinner and threads his fingers though his master’s head when he falls asleep on the couch. The dog hybrid likes to play with his messy hair, curling around him to warm him up. He doesn’t have the heart to wake Yifan up, because he needs to rest, but he also doesn’t want his master to be sick.On a Friday night, Yifan calls him to tell him that a friend of his is coming home with him. Chanyeol offers to cook for them but Yifan laughs and tells him they would order something and that he doesn’t need to prepare anything. It takes the puppy by surprise but he doesn’t protest, replying with a simple “okay” before hanging up. He badly wanted to cook; he wanted to show Yifan’s friend how good he was at cooking and being a nice companion.His previous masters liked to show him off, to show their acquaintances how good of a pet Chanyeol was. It wasn’t always pleasant, some of his previous masters acting like assholes to prove their superiority over him, humiliating him and dehumanizing him. He wondered if Yifan would do that too, treat him like an animal in front of his friend to boost his ego. Chanyeol couldn’t help but feel anxious about it.He showers quickly and makes sure he smells nice, putting body cream and perfume all over his body. He chooses a nice outfit, combs his hair and brushes his teeth twice. He tidies up the flat before sitting on the couch in front of the TV, hands on his lap and body tense. The clock is ticking and he looks anxiously at the time every ten minutes until it hits 7 o’clock. When the front door opens, he hears voices coming from the corridor and turns off the TV, getting up to welcome his master and his guest.“Chanyeol, hi!” Yifan calls, making his way to hug him and kiss his forehead. Chanyeol smiles shyly and ducks his head, lowering his gaze to the ground in submission. “Jongdae, come on in.”A smaller guy enters the room and smiles brightly at Chanyeol, coming up to pet his hair. “Hi, I’m Jongdae, Yifan’s best friend!” he announces cheerfully. “Yifan can’t shut up about you, I’m glad I can finally meet you!” Chanyeol looks up in surprise, his gaze shifting to Yifan and his master chuckles, his cheeks dusting in pink.“Shut up, Jongdae!” he mumbles without bite, punching his friend’s shoulder.“It’s true though,” Jongdae teases him, winking at Chanyeol. “He’s just being shy.”Chanyeol grins, his tail flicking behind him in glee, and relaxes a little. Yifan doesn’t act differently in front of his best friend and the guy is being nice so far.“Chanyeol, do you like pizza?” Yifan inquires, taking the phone. At the hybrid’s nod, he smiles and disappears into the bedroom, leaving Jongdae and Chanyeol alone.“Let’s