very literal mess of old candy bar wrappers and coffee cup sleeves and bent paperclips and broken pencils and wadded notepaper and old report cards his old man didn't care to look at all the As on.  He even took initiative and found more source material by hitting up the computer and doing several internet searches for information the library didn't contain.  Each word of appreciation and commendation from Bruce made his heart soar.  They exchanged their findings, discussed them, pointed out flaws, strengthened their arguments based on those flaws, did mock debates between just the two of them.

This went on for a week.  Surely they were experts on the subject by now, Tony thought to himself as he wet his thumb to turn a page.  They could've won with the first couple days worth of research alone.  Anything else at this point was superfluous.  Not that he was complaining about the excuse to hang out with the other high schooler.  In fact, Bruce was on his mind more than he should have been for reasons he shouldn't have been.  "Hey, after this--" Tony began and abruptly stopped.

Bruce's head lifted after he'd finished whatever paragraph he was reading.  "What's that?"

"Nothing," Tony responded automatically.  "Just… I was thinking-- wondering--  Do you…  You wanna do something after this?"

The boy looked befuddled.  "What would we do?"

Tony shifted around in his seat.  "You know, like something fun.  We've been working hard; we deserve a break, don't'cha think?"

"You want to take a break?" Bruce asked, seeming to miss the point.

"No.  Yes," Tony responded, and okay, that was so not a helpful answer, he was mentally kicking himself now, "I think we should take a break.  Both of us."

Bruce's answer was cautious.  "Alright."

"Sweet," Tony said in a level-tone that didn't reveal the pounding of his heart.

They ended up at his place in front of the 90" inch plasma TV, marathoning old science fiction movies late into the evening, laughing at the horrible effects and picking apart the scientific inaccuracies.  Tony had ordered a pizza and a two-liter of Sprite; they'd consumed it right there out of the box on the coffee table and drunk out of red Solo cups.  Once or twice he'd been tempted to ask Bruce if he needed to be getting back, but thought better of it, the two of them having too much fun for him to want it to end.  And Bruce must've felt the same he concluded.  At three AM he noticed Bruce had fallen asleep beside him on the couch.  He almost elbowed him awake but thought better of that too, instead just turning off the TV and settling in to go to sleep himself, a smile on his face because today had definitely been the best day ever.

They went to school together the next morning, of course.  Bruce normally took the bus to and from school, but Tony had driven him to his place for the marathon.  Before the bell for first period had even rung, Bruce was headed for his first class.  Tony grabbed his arm.  "Hey.  I had fun last night," he said, pausing long enough Bruce could have responded, but didn't, "Did you?"

"Yeah.  It was a lot of fun, Tony," Bruce said, and it would have sounded flat and unconvincing had it been coming from anyone else.  "Thanks."

"It's cool," Tony put on a chill demeanor, "You can thank me by coming over again some time."

Bruce smiled again and Tony would've sworn time stopped if it weren't for the bell sounding through the hall.

He'd expected Bruce to pick up on that and express an interest in hanging at his place again at some point.  Three days later Tony found the two of them five minutes from calling it quits at the library and Bruce hadn't so much as mentioned it.  Tony wondered if he'd done something wrong.  If he'd put Bruce off somehow.  His stomach was in knots and he'd barely made a dent in scanning the book he was holding.  Again, not that it mattered.  "Hey Bruce?" he got the other teenager's attention, "Sorry if asking this… um, yeah… but I was wondering.  Did you want to uh, come over?  Tonight?  Maybe?"

"I can't," Bruce's voice was even more monotone than usual, Tony noticed.

"Oh."  Tony blinked, feeling somehow both less and more disappointed.  "Why's that?"

Bruce frowned.  He was quiet.  "My dad got mad at me."

"You got in trouble?" Tony asked.

"Yeah," Bruce pulled his book back up to his nose.

Tony scratched his head.  "Okay.  Well, I could come over to your place.  I won't get in trouble."

Bruce gave him an apologetic look.  "