, was freezing. He was frozen by the fear of not knowing what was happening, and not being able to help Sam. He placed a cold hand against Sam’s forehead – hoping that would, at least, have helped – while he dialled 911 with the other. A female voice answered, although it took him a few seconds to be able to speak. Dean realised his voice was a lot shakier than he expected, and he didn’t want Sam to hear it.

“Ah... My brother’s hurt. The car is broken. I need an ambulance now."

“What’s wrong with your brother?”

Dean was doing his best to focus on the lady’s voice instead on Sam’s wheeze sounds and low whimpers, but his mind was not programmed for ignoring Sam’s pain.

“Sir, calm down, we can help. I need you to describe me his symptoms.”

“He can’t breathe. He’s coughing up blood. A lot. And he’s burning up. He’s hurt bad! Please, you need to hurry!”

“The ambulance is on the move while we speak. Tell me where you are.”

“I-” He didn’t know. After he loaded Sam in the car, his first thought was hitting the road as fast as he could and drive until he found a town. He didn’t know where he was going. He might had driven into the wrong direction, as far as he knew. Dean tried to remember the exact location of the abandoned church. They must had driven about... fifteen minutes? Thirty? That could had been hours for what they felt to him. Towards where?

Sam’s hand grabbed Dean’s jacket, his lips cracked and bloody, eyes glassy.

“Dean... where are we?”

“Sir, where?”

Dean collected his fragmented thoughts and told her what he knew. Not much. Maybe not enough.

“Okay, sir. The ambulance is coming, but it might take some time to find you. Meanwhile, you need to help your brother. You need to make sure his airways are free.” The lady’s voice was so calm and professional, while all Dean wanted to do was yelling at the phone that yes, he knew he needed to help his brother! And he couldn’t! Because that was not a simple problem of obstructed airways and fever. That was the fricking Word of God trying to kill Sam!

“Sir, please, stay on the line and listen to my instructions.”

Dean hadn’t been answering for a while. He had been looking at how fast Sam was deteriorating, his cheeks flushed by fever, while the rest was so pale. He was fading, right into his arms, while all he could do was nothing.

“I have to go now.” Dean discarded the phone dropping it onto the grass.

Sam was not able to suffocate his groans anymore. He was clenching his hands to his chest, all muscles tensed, legs scratching weakly the ground.

“Dean... It hurts too much...”

Dean pulled him closer, his hand tangled in Sam’s hair. “I know. It’s going to be okay. The ambulance’s coming. You’re going to be alright soon.”

Sam’s words were cut by uneven wheezes. “Ambulance?... Where’s... the car?”

“Broke it. The idiots living here didn’t think of filling up a hole in the road.”

“How’s-s baby?”

Dean scoffed nervously. “She’ll be alright. I’ll fix her. Yeah, I can... I can fix her...”

Pressed against his brother’s chest, Sam seemed to be less restless.

“No doubt.”

Yeah. Dean knew how to fix the Impala. Although that was not what he wanted to fix right now.

“Sam... tell me what’s wrong. Let me do something.”

Dean felt Sam’s breath burning on his chest, through the layers of fabric.

“It’s... okay. S’rry, I’m a bit... dizzy.”

“I bet that. How’s the breathing?”

“A little better.”

‘Yeah, because you have nothing left to cough, except for your lungs,’ Dean thought grimly.

Sam attempted to straighten up his back, but fell back immediately, clenching his teeth to stop a scream from leaving his mouth.

“Where are you hurting?”

“It’s... everywhere. I don’t know... It’s like... every single cell in me is... burning.”

Dean could definitely feel that. His brother was a furnace. And every time Dean thought he couldn’t be any warmer, he was proven wrong. He had nothing, though, to lower down the temperature. Sam had no other choice than hanging on until the ambulance arrived. There was no other option.

“Dean...” he said in a weaker voice. “I think I... I feel like I’m-”

“No, Sam! Don’