screen, “Is that she’s so used to being woken up by insanity in the middle of the night that she can fall right back to sleep.”

Bucky nodded, setting his arm down on the table near Tony. Even though the rest of the team had been quick to fill him in on technology and pop culture, he still wasn’t sure how the dames in this time worked. He was so used to giggling little things or war nurses. The strongest woman he had known from his time was Peggy, and even she ran into some gender barriers here and there. In this time women like Pepper Potts and Natasha Romanov seemed to be running the show as far as their men were concerned.

The young-old man offered another apology anyway that Tony assured he’d pass on to Pepper before the room lapsed into silence. Bucky sat still and quiet thinking about where Steve was and how he was doing. He wondered if Bruce had been able to rearrange the bones before it was too late and how mad his friend would be at him when all was said and done. His gut twisted thinking of Steve upset with him. It was almost as bad as thinking of Steve hurt by his hand.

His hand.

The former Winter Soldier watched his metal fingers tap across Tony’s working station, knowing that he alone was causing the movement but not being able to feel the cool surface beneath his touch. Before he had been shipped off he had heard of dozens of soldiers coming back missing arms or legs and people said they suffered from ‘phantom limb syndrome’. They said it was like still being able to feel your toes wiggling or still flinching when you should’ve run your hand right into a door knob. You felt it but it wasn’t there.

Bucky had to figure his situation was similar if not worse.

The limb was there but he couldn’t feel it.

He couldn’t feel it when Clint bumped his knuckles against his shoulder good naturedly after a sparring match or when Ms. Potts touched his elbow lightly asking if he wanted anything to eat. He couldn’t feel it when Steve leaned against him as they watched a movie or when he wrapped his arms around him while they slept. He couldn’t feel it when he was crushing his best friend’s wrist between his fingers.

Bucky’s eyes fell to his lap, suddenly embarrassingly misty as he sniffed. Tony glanced over from the screen, taking in the man’s haunted gaze and cleared his throat awkwardly. Scooting over in his chair with a tiny screw driver looking tool, he gestured for Bucky’s metal arm which he offered without complaint. Taking another glance at the screen, Stark began prodding around near the wrist area; glasses perched on the tip of his nose as he worked.

“You know,” he began conversationally, sitting back slightly as he reached for another tool, “I know what it’s like to having something that’s a part of you hurt someone you love.”

Bucky bristled, surprised it would be Tony of all people that would start this conversation with him, but also insulted to think that anything that could hurt Steve could ever be a part of him. “It’s not-”

“Look without this thing, you’re half a man,” Stark interrupted bluntly, nodding in satisfaction as the seams of Bucky’s arms suddenly slipped apart slightly, revealing the wiring and remaining flesh stump within. James could have puked. He was usually asleep during these sort of things with the Soviets. “At least in your time.”

“A man that lost his arm in battle was no less of a man,” he argued, trying to muscle through the unpleasantness of seeing his blood and other unidentifiable fluids pumped through tubes beneath the plates that made up his arm. He didn’t want Stark to know he had never seen this before. “He was a hero.”

“Well that’s nice,” Tony said flippantly, the sarcasm evident as he looked at the screen again, “But people calling you a hero doesn’t mean  you get your leg back after a Nazi’s blown it off does it?” Here he looked Bucky directly in the eye, face as innocent as ever as the man ground his teeth.

“This thing-”

“Would’ve been a dream come true to an amputee back in your day,” Stark interrupted again, not caring enough for the severity of the situation to pass up an opportunity to poke fun at Bucky’s biological age. “Plus it’s a part of you.” He poked Bucky’s sweatpants clad knee for emphasis.

“Like the arc reactor was a part of you?” Bucky scowled in return.

Steve had done his best to fill him in on the history of everyone in their team and while all the stories had been interesting (especially the existence of aliens like Thor who he had yet to meet), Bucky had taken a particular interest in Tony’s. He had known the man’s father of course. Respected him. Considered him a friend. Been devastated when he woke from the dream/memory