panic, the room spinning before him.

“Oh heavens no,” Harry reassured, a look of concern taking over his features. “And are you going to let me finish my story, you interrupted me a while ago actually,” Harry said, sounding offended.

“Right, carry on.”

“Okay, so my name’s Harry. And no I’m not a vengeful ghost or anything. I just kind of died, like two summers ago or something,one minute I was alive, the next minute I was dead” he shrugged unsure of the details of his own death. 

“But my death is irrelevant really. All you need to know is that I’m dead now, and actually extremely drawn to your house.There’s just something about it,”Harry said, giving Niall a look that made him think it something may have drawn him here but someone was keeping him there.

“Alright, so you’re a ghost. But why are you leaving all these messages on my mirror. Are you a hippie?”

“No I’m not a hippie,” Harry spat the words out, seeming offended that Niall would call him that.

“Hippies get stoned and do weird things. No I am just someone who likes to take care of themselves and eat right. And that’s what I’m here to help you do. Eat right. You don’t know how hard it is to not throw something at you every time you eat one of those goddamn pizzas or burgers,” Harry shuddered, as if it was absolutely one of the worst things Niall could do.

“Okay.. but how are you going to do that. I literally have no ingredients for full meals, fyi.”

“I know. But you have a car and a money in the bank don’t you?”

Niall nodded, unsure of where Harry was going with this. 

“Well, then let’s go buy some ingredients,” Harry’s face lit up, clearly excited at the prospect of going grocery shopping.

“I don’t know if you realised but it’s 8 at night. No grocery stores are going to be open right now.”

“Well then we’ll go to a Walmart , those are open really late, and we’re not getting anything extensive just basics you know,” Harry said, bobbing up an ddown with excitement. (okay as far as I know Walmart is never open that late at night but just go with it for the purpose of this piece)

“Go wait at the car, while I grab my keys and shit,”

Harry obliged, disappearing before Niall could say anything more.

Niall and Harry got in the car,Niall revving the engine before they started their journey. Harry looked out the window at the city lights passing them by, seeming slightly upset.

“Do you miss it,” Niall asked, sensing his change in mood.

“Miss what?”

“Being alive, I mean, you don’t have to say anything it’s kind of an intrusive question and I don’t want to make you uncomfortable or anything,” Niall babbled, cheeks flushing as he snuck a look at Harry.

Harry sighed, his breath fanning over the window, “I guess I do,” he said turning to Niall while he fiddled with the rings on his fingers.

“I mean, I don’t even know how I died, it sucks. I can’t do much without scaring the absolute shit out of people. And I have no friends. I know that seems highly unlikely what with my charming personality and all, but no one wants to be friends with a ghost.” Harry finished, a longing look in his eyes. 

“I’m sorry about that mate,” Niall said, awkwardly reaching out to pat him on the thigh before realising his mistake. 

“But on the plus side we’re here,” Niall continued as he pulled into the parking lot of the Walmart.

Niall locked the car, grabbing a basket, as Harry guided him towards the vegetable aisle. The store was pretty much empty, the only people in it being a group of teenagers, the bored looking girl at the check out and a ragged mom and her son, who was whining about Airheads. 

“Okay so only the basics buddy, I’m a college kid not a superstar.”

Harry wandered down the aisle, picking up a packet of rocket. 

“Mommy what’s that?” the little boy asked, pointing at the rocket floating up in the air. The mom’s eyes widened as she grabbed the little boys shoulder’s ushering her son away, and muttering about getting more sleep.Niall looked over at Harry.

“Holy shit,” He half yelled.Harry looked up, slightly confused.

“Don’t do that. Christ, I don’t think anyone else can see you,” Niall explained running a hand through his hair.

“Oh sorry.” 

Harry chuckled slightly looking at Niall. 

“What,”

“Oh it’s nothing it’s just that you look really weird talking to a packet of floating rocket