his hands.

He doesn’t waste more time tidying everything up, he just lets his clothes pool at his feet, kicking them aside when they’re all on the floor.

He hesitates when his hardening cock is covered by one last layer of fabric, but Liam nods and Zayn slides that off too. 

Liam doesn’t move for a few seconds, lost admiring his silhouette, backlit by city lights in the dim room.

“Bloody gorgeous,” he whispers, and Zayn isn’t sure he was supposed to hear that, because when Liam next speaks his voice is clearer. “Turn around for me, babe?” he says. “I’m gonna be right back,” he adds, heading from the bedroom.

Zayn is confused for a second before he hears the distant sound of someone rummaging through a drawer. He complies then, turning around and stepping closer to the glass, both of his forearms firmly pressed against the window for balance, his legs slightly spread, presenting himself to Liam.

The first touch of skin against skins startles him, fingers almost tickling his side, before Liam moves closer, crowding him against the windows, underwear lost someone on the way and lube clutched in one hand. Zayn shivers when cold glass touches his overheating body.   

Liam gently kicks his legs wider apart, spreading them further, one hand possessively palming one of Zayn’s arse cheeks. He almost loses his balance, but Liam is a steadying presence on his back, holding him upright.

“What would you like, babe?” he asks, the sound of the lube being uncapped filling the room. “Want me to take it slow?”

He shakes his head, his blood quaking with anticipation.

“Want me to be rough?” Liam questions again. “What to feel it for days, love?”

Zayn whimpers.

“I can do that, just tell me love, or I’ll take it easy,” Liam whispers.

“Don’t—“ Zayn stammers. “ – take it easy. Don’t want it slow, not tonight,” he pleads.

“That’s okay,” Liam shushes him. “Whatever you want, angel.”

The first lubed up finger shoves into him without warning and the burn makes Zayn’s knees go weak, but Liam is already soothing him with kisses all the way down the back of his neck, and arm looped around his waist to support him while his finger moves slowly but firmly in and out of him.

He can see them both reflected in the glass, Liam’s arms around his middle, holding him close. His chest heaving, the little chain dangling from his neck. His hands spread over the windowpane, his sweaty palms sliding down an inch when Liam adds a second finger. 

“You’re so tight,” Liam mumbles, lips still drawing imaginary shapes over Zayn shoulders, dotting the tattoo on the back of his neck. “You’re always so tight, babe, It drives me mad.”

Zayn lets out a sob, Liam’s fingers teasing, getting so close to that spot inside him but never reaching it. Zayn is getting quite worked up, Liam’s hard cock bumping against the back of his thighs, his own dick leaking against his belly. 

“Liam,” he whispers. “Liam, I need—“

“I know,” Liam shushes him. “Need you to be a bit more patient. Don’t wanna hurt you.”

That said, Liam carefully slides his fingers out and, when the slippery press of lubed digits comes back to circles Zayn’s entrance, three of Liam’s fingers are seeking access.

Liam pushes them in slowly, so maddening slow that Zayn thinks he might lose it like that, without his cook being touched, getting off on Liam’s fingers alone, his hot breath a constant whisper on his neck.

There’s a chant of ‘Liam, Liam, Liam,’ escaping from his lips that he can’t control, but he doesn’t care. He needs Liam closer, without any spare inch separating them.

This time, he gets a few second to adjust to the new width stretching him open before Liam backs out a bit, just to shove back in, fingers scissoring and finally hitting their mark.

Zayn barely holds in a scream, forehead falling against the glass, eyes closing and lips parting.  

“Liam—“ his voice breaks over the syllables. “Li— please. I’m—”

“Shush,” Liam murmurs. “I know. I’m here.”

His fingers screw into Zayn one more time, to make sure he’s loose enough, and then Liam withdraws his hand. Zayn feels himself being spun around, eyes closed, his back pushed against the wall of windows. He opens his eyes to look at Liam when he feels his hands on the back of his thighs and a high pitched cry gets punched out of him when Liam just picks him up like he weighs nothing, the sheer display of strength knocking Zayn’s breath away. 

He quickly hooks his arms around Liam’s neck, his legs wrapped on either side of