, lifting himself up to straddle Sehun’s hips and turned his head towards Minseok to wave at him. “Have a nice day,” he chirped, eyes dark and pupils blown.Resisting the urge to coo at him, Minseok caught sight of Sehun’s fond look directed at Jongin and smiled. Walking to the bed, he bent down to press a kiss to Jongin’s shiny red lips, the younger leaning into him with a content sigh as Minseok rubbed circles on his cheeks. Pecking him one last time, he finally turned to Sehun, the youngest not moving at all—the little shit—and forcing Minseok to stoop low to kiss him too.“Brat!” the oldest mumbled, pinching Sehun’s hip when he got up.Sehun pouted and it was Jongin’s turn to snicker before letting out a squeak when Sehun grabbed him by the neck, pushing his head down until his face hovered closely to his crotch. “Shut up and suck,” he muttered, annoyed.Jongin obeyed and got back to work, taking Sehun back into his mouth without complaining. Minseok chuckled amusedly and shook his head at the pair. Ah, young people.*Around 6PM, Minseok received a snap of his two lovers cuddling on the couch—half-naked—and puckering their lips at him. “Hurry up” was written at the bottom and it tore off a chuckle from Minseok. Shaking his head, he quickly typed a “Coming home!” and hurried to take the next bus home. The last thing he wanted was to make his boyfriends wait for him. He was pretty excited at the prospect of a nice evening with Sehun and Jongin now, his tiredness all but forgotten.Knowing they had something in mind for tonight, he let his fantasies run wild as his gaze wandered outside the window of the bus, biting his lip to contain his groans of anticipation. When his phone rang for the second time that day, it startled him. He nearly whimpered at the sight of the picture Jongin sent him: a flushed Sehun with his ass in the air as Jongin fingered him. Minseok counted four fingers and choked a laugh, his cock jumping in his pants. Quickly hiding the screen of his phone, he looked around and felt a blush crept up his face.What if someone saw? Worse, could someone guess his inappropriate thoughts? He hoped it wasn’t the case because as much as he liked to appear controlled and cool in front of his boyfriends, he was still a relatively shy person. Once he reached his stop, he practically jumped off the bus and ran towards their shared apartment. Throwing the door open, he toed off his shoes and threw his bag somewhere in the corridor before sprinting to the bedroom. The bedroom door was open and Jongin turned his head around when he heard his footsteps, smirking at his disheveled appearance. Minseok was out of breath but grinned anyway, sharing a knowing glance with Jongin at the sight of Sehun’s naked body lying on the bed.“Hi,” he said, pouting when he took in Sehun’s blissed out expression. “Did you start without me?”Jongin nodded. “You know how impatient he can be…” he trailed off, rolling his eyes.“Fuck you,” Sehun mumbled as he laid on his stomach on the bed, unmoving. Jongin arched his eyebrow and slapped his ass, the youngest whimpering at the touch—sensitive. “In a minute,” Jongin snickered.Minseok snorted and shuffled towards the bed, bending down to press a sweet kiss to Jongin’s lips, the latter smiling against his mouth. He was still wearing his jeans, but not for long, Minseok already getting his hands on his fly to get him naked. Jongin chuckled, then gasped when Minseok pinched his nipple before coaxing his mouth open to slide his tongue in. They kissed messily, their tongues battling each other, and sighed in sync against each other’s mouth; they were happy to be reunited after such a long day. Jongin finally nipped at Minseok’s upper lip to slow them down and Minseok helped the younger out of his jeans, pushing him onto his back on the bed. He still continued to kiss Jongin slowly though, still not ready to let him (and his sensual mouth) go.Jongin’s head hit Sehun’s arm and the latter groaned, annoyed. “I’m right here you know,” he snapped.They ignored him in favor of their sensual and open-mouthed kiss, only pulling away when out of breath. Minseok always liked kissing Jongin, he could go for a full make out session with the younger for hours. Jongin’s plump lips were his heaven.After Minseok met Jongin, after the revelation, Sehun and Jongin stopped sleeping together for a while. He didn’t know the details, Sehun didn’t tell him anything, but he knew his best friend was only sleeping with him afterwards. It was convenient for the both of them since they lived in the same area.Jongin distanced himself from Sehun, and even if Sehun had Minseok by his side, the oldest knew his best friend