slightest adjustment, they are rocking against each other like horny teenagers, gasping with no thought to the fact that they are not the only ones in the bunker. “Oh, Dean,” Cas sighs into Dean’s lips. “I’ve waited so long, so long for this, so long for you.” Dean answers by pushing harder and faster. “Fuck, Cas! So hard! So hot! Not gonna last!” Cas is practically shaking with need as Dean pinches a nipple between his fingers; rolling it and tugging just enough to cause a sensation of intense pleasure/pain that sends him reeling. “Don’t stop, Dean! Please don’t stop! I need…” Dean drags his lips across Cas’ cheek to his neck and up to the shell of his ear, whispering between feather-light kisses. “Not gonna stop, baby. Not until you come for me.” That’s all Cas needs to push him over the edge he’s been teetering on, and he bucks up to meet Dean’s denim-covered cock one last time as he finds his release, repeating Dean’s name over and over in worship. Dean is done for as soon as he sees how gorgeous and strung out Cas looks as he reaches orgasm; crystal blue eyes bearing down on him like he hung the moon. A couple more ruts and Dean is coming hard in his pants like his hasn’t since he was sixteen.

“Wow!” is the only word Cas can conjure as he waits for his heartbeat to return to normal. Dean nods his agreement against Cas’ heaving chest where he has the offensive green sweater shoved up to his nipples. “I feel like we’re gonna get pretty sticky and gross if we don’t move soon,” Dean murmurs, reluctantly pushing himself up on his elbows to look down at the man he just dry humped against the couch. Cas can already feel the come getting uncomfortably cold and slimy in his damp boxers. “Yes, I agree, Dean. Maybe a shower would be a good idea.” Dean scrambles up from the couch, adjusting his crotch at the wet spot, and then yanking Cas up by his arms. Gripping his hand as if scared Cas might suddenly flutter away like he used to, Dean drags him down the hall to the showers. They do have excellent water pressure after all, and plenty of room for two.

~*~

Cas is slow to wake the following morning. He feels warm and protected, which is unusual. As a human, he fears sleep and his inability to control the world around him while in slumber. His eyes blink open as memories of the evening before rush over him, and he realizes the reason for his contentedness. Dean has one arm thrown loosely over Cas’ waist, and the other tucked under his pillow. One knee is slotted between Cas’ legs, and he is snoring softly. Cas smiles to himself, unused to feeling safe and cherished.

Cas only has a few minutes of solitude to bask in his happiness before he feels Dean shift behind him. He’s unsure of what to expect from the man he fell for, in more ways than one. He knows Dean loves him, they’ve been through too much together for him not to, but he’s fearful that he will wake to regret the intimacy of the day before. Cas begins to realize maybe his fears are unfounded as Dean leans in to drop tender kisses on his shoulders and neck. “Mornin’ Cas!” Dean whispers. “Relax, I’m not freaking out about what we did. I can practically hear you thinking.” Cas sighs in relief, dropping the tension he hadn’t even realized he had been holding in his taut shoulder muscles, and slowly shifts around to face Dean. “Good morning, Dean,” he replies with a gummy smile.

Dean returns the smile, softly trailing his fingertips across Cas’ bare chest. “I guess we need to talk, huh?” He nods silently, wanting Dean to start this conversation. He knows how Dean is about feelings so it seems easier to let him lead. Cas can see Dean is struggling with where to start, so he leans over and presses a chaste kiss to his lips, hoping to give him the encouragement he needs to start speaking. It seems to work. Dean looks straight into his eyes and asks softly, “How long, Cas?”

Cas pauses just a moment and then answers just as quietly. “Since that first day in the barn when you tried to kill me. You’re the righteous man; the one I was to protect for Heaven’s cause. But, it was more than that right from the beginning. You were always the reason, Dean, always my reason for everything. I found myself with this emotion I wasn’t supposed to have as an angel of Heaven, but I couldn’t deny it. I’ve loved you for so long I don’t even remember how it feels not to. I never really harboured any hope that you would feel the same.” Dean lets