makes my heart tremble...”

The instruments from the very beginning of the piece returned, and a howl sounded over the vocalless segment before Sayaka sang the next verse. This time, the instruments didn’t subside, but trooped along with her voice in techno-epic glory, though it did level out so not to outshine her, if that could even be possible.

“That blue umbrella brings back memories. I met you in the bustle of the street. The grass we walked on, looking down at it, is still the same as it was that day.”

Leon wondered if she could adapt to any song. She had to teach him her secrets, so he could draw in crowds like she did.

“I want to carry you away like this. Before the morning light eventually comes and then we’ll fulfil the dream we had that day, while our eyes still show our feelings...”

Sayaka lifted her chin.

“I want to believe forever,” she sang, “because I love you so much, it makes my heart tremble.”

She hung onto the last word and lowered her chin as the guitar took its last moments. The screens on the walls showed the menu again, with its list of songs sorted by the most popular first, but the only song that occupied the minds of those in the room was the one they just heard. Just experienced.

First to break out of their trance was Makoto. “Maizono-san...”

What he said, though short, proved enough to free the others.

At this rate, Kiyotaka would shrivel up with how much crying he had been doing lately. His face quivered and he tried to say something, but he just came out with a weird choking noise. Mondo massaged his friend’s shoulder.

“... What I expected from someone recruited by Hope’s Peak,” conceded Byakuya. His eyes couldn’t be seen due to the glare on the lenses.

“Thank you,” said Sayaka.

“I could totally listen to this while a student council killed each other,” remarked Junko.

“... Thank you?” said Sayaka.

“I’m sure Enoshima-san means it as a compliment,” said Makoto, but no one could be certain of what Junko truly meant. She was odd, but probably harmless. Ditzy teenagers always said weird things, and sometimes tried to be random or edgy. Leon thought little of it.

Mukuro nodded. Sayaka relaxed and nodded back.

“This was different to your usual music,” commented Kyouko. “The lyrics were bittersweet.”

“Well, I listen to a lot of different kinds of music,” explained Sayaka. “It’s like how an artist should study anatomy so they can make their own style, but with the foundation, they can imitate other styles too...”

Hifumi perked up at the mention of artists. “An idol isn’t so different to an artist... is that what you’re saying?”

“Maizono’s not anything like you,” jeered Leon. “She’s not a gross pervert pig for one thing.”

“Kirigiri-san, do you listen to my music?” asked Sayaka, ignoring the two guys. “I’m sorry if I’m being presumptuous...”

Kyouko shrugged. “It’s... pleasant to listen to, when it comes up on the radio.”

Sayaka accepted this as an answer. “What sort of songs do you like?”

Before Kyouko could answer, Sayaka proffered the microphone. Kyouko blinked, but then smirked and took it from her.

“You will find out. 'Shinjuku's woman'. Keiko Fuji,” said Kyouko. She pierced Leon with her gaze. “Kuwata-kun.”

Leon flinched before realising what she wanted from him.

“Yes, ma’am,” he said, saluting. He searched for the song. It was from 1969. According to the genre label, enka, the song was a ballad, and the kind of thing that a singer typically wore a kimono when they sang. Not a blouse, skirt and denim jacket.

Like many of the pieces preceding it, this one had a slow tempo, but it didn’t have a piano. Low twanging backed up a shrill saxophone, alternating with a guitar strumming, combined in a jazzy style. Kyouko sat unnaturally still, not moving until she was due to sing, opening her eyes and lifting her head.

During the vocal segments, the saxophone didn’t play.

“Even if I could transform myself to a man, I would stick to being a woman,” said Kyouko, voice soft and low, a whisper amplified by the microphone.

A violin trilled and something jingled sporadically for a few notes at a time. Occasionally, there was the scrape of wood. At the edge of Leon’s vision, Chihiro squirmed. Mondo noticed and gave a lopsided smile as he ruffled Chihiro’s hair, coaxing a small smile from Chihiro that disappeared in seconds, as soon as Mondo removed his hand and turned to one of the screens.

“For a butterfly who lives in a town of neon lights.... Those words were too sweet to resist.”

The instruments paused for