. “I’m going to go clean up and then I’m...” he trails off and points in the direction of his lab. Ronon can understand how he wants to lose himself in numbers and code right now, things that make sense to him when the rest of the world doesn’t.

“Rodney, please. Will you not come with us?” Teyla asks, and there’s a pleading note in her voice. “I would like to have you all with me for a while.” She looks very small and fragile, her arms wrapped around herself, like she has to hold on to every part of her body to keep herself from falling to pieces.

“Well, I was going to...” McKay starts, and then tries again, “I have some important work I have to...” Then he closes his eyes and sighs, apparently realising that computers are no substitute for living breathing people. “All right. Let me just stop by my quarters and get a few things.”

They stop by the mess hall first to pick up something to eat, fruit and sandwiches and water. They go to McKay’s room and he grabs a change of clothes and one of his laptops. They stop at Sheppard’s room and sort of lean him against the wall to keep him standing while they go through his drawers for clean sweats and underwear. They stop at Ronon’s room and he too picks out something clean to change into. After that they go to Teyla’s room, as if by unspoken agreement. Her quarters are the largest, as is her bed, and her living space is infused with a serenity they all crave right now.

Sheppard’s practically sleepwalking, too exhausted to do anything else than follow orders and go where McKay and Ronon steers him. They put him down on the edge of the bed where he sits, staring vacantly at his boots. McKay kneels down and starts to take them off. “You stink,” he tells Sheppard. “And I’m not going to share a bed with you when you smell like that. Come on, shower, now.”

Sheppard’s not in any shape to shower by himself so McKay leads him into the bathroom, leaving the door open just a crack. Ronon and Teyla can hear the sound of running water and McKay’s babbling, “Lift your arms, come on, could you at least try to help out a little here? Good, here, close your eyes, you don’t want to get shampoo in them. Just so you know, we’re never talking about this, it never happened, I hope we’re clear on that.” Twenty minutes later they both emerge, clean and dressed in fresh clothes, and McKay leads Sheppard over to the bed and gets him to lie down. Sheppard is out like a light before his head hits the pillow and McKay fusses around for a bit, arranges his arms and legs in a more comfortable position, covers him with a blanket, all the time looking at Ronon and Teyla as if daring them to say anything.

Ronon doesn’t, he just points to the open bathroom door and tells Teyla, “Your turn.”

“Don’t lock the door,” McKay pipes up. “And shout if you need any... I mean... well, if you get dizzy or something.”

Teyla takes her turn in the shower. Ronon goes through the food they brought, picks out a sandwich and hands it to McKay. Sheppard needs food too, but right now he’s dead to the world. They’ll have to wake him a little later and try to get him to eat something.

McKay stares at the wrapped sandwich like he’s trying to work up the appetite for it, and then he shakes his head. “I’m not hungry,” he says and reaches for his laptop.

“Eat it anyway,” Ronon says, forcing it into his hands. “I don’t want to have to pick you up off the floor later ‘cause you haven’t eaten.”

“Oh please! It happened once. Are you going to judge me for the rest of my life just because of one little hypoglycaemic episode?”

“Yes,” Ronon says. “Eat.”

McKay sighs and looks at the sandwich again before he unwraps it and starts to eat, slowly and unhappily, like he’s tasting cardboard instead of ham and cheese and lettuce. Ronon eats his own sandwich and has to force himself to swallow as every bite turns to ash in his mouth. There was no food on Maderra towards the end. Friends and families turned on each other, fought over whatever scraps they could find. And when that wasn’t enough...

Some of the bodies in the ruins were missing parts. Arms and legs had been cut away. Too fresh to have been killed in the quakes.

Ronon swallows the last of his sandwich. It’s rests heavy in his belly. McKay finishes his own and then opens his laptop, sits down on the floor next to the bed, leans against it with his head close to Sheppard