his shirt, bringing our faces close.

“I’m not the one popping a boner while reading a comic.” He said in a laid back, cocky tone while smiling.

“Y-you read it too!” I said, my grip on him wavering a bit, but our faces still stayed close and our eyes never left the other.

“What, don’t believe that I don’t pop one at the first sighting of tits?” He asked in a sarcastic tone with a raised eyebrow. I didn’t say anything and my eyes never left his, but I was struggling to find any witty comeback. “What, you gonna check?” He asked in an equally as sarcastic tone. Without thinking about what I was doing I reached out and pressed my hand to his crotch, only to find him half hard as well (his pants are a lot looser than mine, curse you second skin). He made a soft gasp that I found oddly arousing, and when I looked back at his face his eyes were wide and his cheeks pink. “I-I was kidding!” He stammered, but my hand was still there and I slowly started kneading him, making him let out a shaky breath that was like music to my ears. My eyes never left his flushed face until his eyes fluttered closed and his lips parted slightly.

“Ci?” I watched his brow furrow before his eyes opened when my hand stopped, although his breath was still quick.

“I was kidding, I didn’t expect this.” He said in a quiet and slightly shaky voice.

“I’m gonna kiss you, kay?” I watched him smile softly before speaking,

“Okay” I leaned down and pressed my lips to his in a reserved kiss, slowly I felt him shift in my grasp before I let go of his shirt only for him to grab the front of mine and deepen the kiss. Before I knew it, he had pushed me back onto the bed and he was straddling my hips while tilting my chin up so he could control my mouth. He pulled away slowly, causing me to open my eyes and see him looking down at me before sitting up, eyes never leaving mine. “Sorry, the Playboy in me kinda took over.” He slowly got off of my hips and slouched against the wall, not looking at me anymore, both of us ignoring the other’s hard on. I sat up and pushed a hand through my hair, letting out a sigh.

“Don’t be.” He quickly glanced at me before looking back down at his hands. “I mean I kinda...kinda liked it.” His head shot up and he was then staring at me with wide eyes. “I-I mean it wasn’t awful, and like you said, we have desires.” I stammered while looking down at the bed. I felt the bed shift under me before feeling a hand on my chest causing me to look up at him, he had a hungry expression in his eyes that make my heart speed up, even once my eyes were closed and his lips were against mine. I wrapped my arms around his waist, pulling him closer so that he was on my lap. I felt his hands on my chest, slowly going under my shirt and groping my muscles. I reached my free hand up and ran a hand through his messy hair, pulling his headband off and tossing it away from the bed. I grabbed the back of his hair and pulled him closer, if that were even possible, before biting his lower lip slightly. I felt his hands slide down from my sides until I could feel him pulling at my belt until he pulled his lips away so we were staring at each other.

“I’m gonna blow you, okay?” I watched him with wide eyes as he scooted off my lap and settled between my legs, hands in the top of my jeans. “Okay?” I nodded,

“Y-yeah sure!” I said a little too excitably, earning a smile from him before he tugged at my jeans until they were unbuttoned and reaching to the waist of my briefs and pulling the front down so my hard on springs out and smacks my covered stomach. I looked down at him and smiled smugly when I saw him staring at it with his mouth slightly agape. He glanced up at me quickly and rolled his eyes, probably at my smug expression before kneeling down on the bed so that he was comfortable between my legs before he quickly and without warning ran his tongue along the underside of my cock, which caused me to sigh loudly and squeeze my eyes shut. I felt his hands grip my thighs before I feeling his mouth slowly begin to engulf my member until his nose was nestled against my groomed patch of hair. I moved my hand up, originally intending to place my hand in his hair like you see all the actors do in porn but I guess I was too caught up in the pleasure because I just ended up swatting him across the back of the head when he moved. Immediately the pleasant feeling of his mouth around me was gone and