story.



I woke up to a beeping sound, i glared around my room lazily still half asleep. My eyes settled on a phone on my nightstand, i picked it up really confused 'well this certainly isn't my phone' i sat up in bed just looking at it. That's when i noticed a light flashing on the top corner, i raised an eyebrow and unlocked the screen. I was instantly drawn to a message alert, curious i opened it then when i saw who had text me i just shook my head "trust dad, to does this and not even leave a note to explain. A simple 'hey, i got this phone for you' no that's not the Tony Stark way, i must confuse people instead" i rolled my eyes and checked the time. The numbers read 2:45am i sighed "great. Well i better get some hot chocolate or something and see if it can help me fall back asleep" i climbed out of bed and headed towards the door.

I opened the door as quietly as possible in case i woke anyone. I quickly remembered the way back to the kitchen and started my walk off in the right direction. It was so dark, i struggled to find the switch like an idiot i started feeling the wall trying to find one then i remembered that Jarvis controlled the light. I mentally face palmed "hey Jarvis, you there?" i said as quietly as possible "it's 2:45am, Miss Stark why are you awake?", "i can't sleep so I'm going to try and make myself fall asleep. Can you turn the lights on please but not too bright", "of course" then i noticed the lights switch on they were dimmed so they weren't too bright but they were still bright enough for me to see "thanks Jarvis", "you are welcome" then he went quiet so i walked into the kitchen starting my search for hot chocolate. 

I had reached the last cupboard and saw the hot chocolate powder container, i did a little victory dance and took the lid off and checked to see how much was left. As i turned around i noticed someone in front of me, i jumped and let out a little scream. That's when i noticed it was just Steve....well just Steve and half a container of hot chocolate on his face, my hand shot to my mouth in shock but mostly to try to hide the smile that had taken over. I looked at his shocked face and couldn't help but giggle "are you alright Steve?" i finally managed to say after my giggle fit. He simply nodded "yeah, i just didn't expect that. I guess i should have let you know i was here" my hand fell back to my side and revealed the smile i was hiding "yeah. I mean i would much prefer to drink the hot chocolate but hey I'm armed and dangerous" i put the container on the side and searched for a cloth. Once i found one i handed it to Steve and he began cleaning himself up "I'm sorry. It was an accident" he just shook his head and gave me a smile. 

Inside i was melting 'oh that smile' i thought dreamily but upon remembering the earlier incident i quickly snapped out of it "it's fine. It's my fault entirely i will make sure in the future not to approach anyone who is armed with hot chocolate powder" i smiled back "might be a good idea. Would you like some hot chocolate?", "yes please" i nodded and grabbed two mugs putting the contents into the mugs and starting boiling the kettle. I turned back around "so what are you doing up at this time Rogers?", "i couldn't sleep so i came to get a coffee but ended up wearing a hot chocolate. So what are you doing up at this time. It's really early" i just shrugged "couldn't sleep. I think it has something to do with the fact that i just passed out earlier from jet lag so now I'm awake" then the i heard the kettle finish boiling. I emptied the water into both mugs and stirred the contents, when i was sure that it was done i handed one to Steve and grabbed the other.

I headed into the lounge area and sat down taking my first sip then i noticed Steve sit next to me "so do you usually chuck things at people you think are gorgeous" i could hear the teasing in his voice but it didn't stop me from chocking on my drink and turning red. I felt the drink burn my tongue and started fanning at it. I shot a glare at Steve "thanks for that. No i don't usually chuck things at people i find gorgeous, i usually kick their ass though so that must mean i don't think you are gorgeous" i winked at him and he just chuckled. I took another big sip instantly starting to feel tired, i noticed that Steve was finished with his and he put the empty cup on the