tried four?” asked Y/N, causing both Emily and Derek to look at each other. After a long moment of silence, all four of them were looking to each other as if weighing up what they thought of each member of the group till finally Emily turned back around to Y/N.

“Did you have anything in particular in mind or did you just want to give the boys a good show?” she asked with a seductive grin.

“If you girls want to give us a show, I won’t complain,” Derek added.

Before she could reply, Emily turned and pulled Y/N clean off the seat to her knees so that they were a little closer to Derek than before. Their lips met with force as both were prepared for it this time, their arms wrapping around each other as their mouths collided. Writhing together, the female agents put on an intense show right in front of their two colleagues but it wouldn’t stay a show for long.

With an outstretched hand, Emily ran her fingers up the inside of Derek’s leg with every intention of ensuring he was sat uncomfortably. Y/N had begun to tug at Emily’s waist, pulling their bodies together as hard as she could while trying to pull up her top. Spencer watched with growing discomfort as within a few moments the entire situation had escalated and both women had removed the other’s top and were pressing their breasts together with their closeness.

It didn’t take much longer before Emily ran her fingers along the edge of Y/N’s pants, teasing their way below the material as she began to moan lightly into her lips. Gasps escaped from Y/N each time they parted lips even slightly, becoming heavier as Prentiss slid her fingers lower and lower.

“Why don’t we… make this more interesting?” asked Emily in a whisper as her fingers reached Y/N’s warm, moist, lower lips. The grin that spread across her face was almost wicked as she watched the control leave her colleague.

The sound of a belt being undone caught Y/N’s attention and her eyes glanced sideways just in time to see Derek’s hand disappear down under his jeans. With the loosened inhibitions and the already enticed sexual drive, an idea popped into her head that would have shocked her under normal circumstances.

“I think someone else needs a hand,” she managed to gasp, leaning her head over her shoulder to whisper in Emily’s ear.

The sight of both women slowly turning to look at him made Derek freeze, not knowing if he should continue. His question was answered when Y/N edged toward him, followed closely by Emily, each of them tugging his pants down to enough to reveal a surprisingly generous length. Spencer looked away as his male colleague became exposed, trying not to let the others see his interest or excitement for that matter.

With a broad grin, Emily took hold of Derek, letting her hand work him for a moment before her lips pursed together to lean down and kiss his tip. At the same time, Y/N slid her fingernails up the bare skin of his groin, teasing him as she stared up into his eyes.

“What’s the matter, Derek?” she asked. “I thought you were experienced in this kind of thing.”

Derek was about to answer but, at that moment, Emily’s lips passed completely over his throbbing end, causing him to gasp loudly. Y/N chuckled at his pleasure, sliding her hand back down to play with his balls as Emily tasted as much of his length as she could take in.

Emily’s free hand slid down over her own behind, pulling down her pants so that she could slide her fingers between her own legs. As she began to pleasure herself, she also began to moan lightly against Derek’s cock. The added sensation caused him to let his head roll backward but Y/N had decided to take more of an active role, swapping sides with Emily and allowing her to step up out of her pants.

Instead of dropping to her knees, Y/N sat on the edge of the seat, brushing up against Spencer as she leaned her head down into Derek’s lap. The contact was more than he could handle, having already palmed at his crotch in an attempt to relieve a little of the pressure. Without any thought of what he was doing, Spencer shifted to face what was going on, placing a hand on Y/N’s behind, sliding his fingers down the contour till he teased her through the material.

In the meantime, Emily had pulled Derek’s hand down onto the seat and had proceeded to sit on his fingers as she knelt on the last seat of the sofa. Rolling her hips, she pleasured herself with his hand, letting her own slide across her body with increasing sensory delight but Derek had gotten a more effective idea.

Leaning to his side, Derek half lay down on the sofa, allowing Y/N to continue using her mouth to pleasure him but he’d lifted Emily from