." Zayn laughs as she pulls away from Niall. "Wish me luck?" she asks, all seriousness and hopefulness back in her eyes as she presses Niall close in a hug.

"All my luck, honey."

**

Niall doesn't see Zayn for the entire day, every jingle of the little bells making her heart pick up pace. But no Zayn anywhere. She gets it, the poor girl has three job interviews to pack into her day along with school. Niall can't really be upset if she doesn't end up coming in again.

It's just Niall likes having her come in. Niall likes seeing the bubbly raven haired girl smiling joyously at her. She likes making her tea and sitting with her and playing with her. She likes it when Zayn's happy and awake and when Zayn's sleepy and off kilter. She likes every side of her so much it hurts.

"Hey, where's your girl?" Louis says from behind her. Niall shrugs because she's not fighting Louis anymore and she's kinda pissy about only seeing Zayn briefly that morning.

"She's looking for a job. Out. I don't think she'll come in again today." Louis must not hear the tone of voice, or must not care about it, as she shrugs and turns around.

"Well, just because she's not coming in, doesn't mean you can lack on your work."

Niall looks at the time, the clock barely hitting 2 in the afternoon. How much longer? She clicks into the kitchen to take her shift back there if only to not have to talk to anybody and not see the booth where Zayn normally sits filled with stupid hipsters. It's calmer in the back, a little bit nicer and a lot less Zayn like so Niall's able to breathe a little lighter in the back room.

Niall froths coffees left and right, quick orders being thrown at her. But she's not complaining because anything is better than being reminded of Zayn and how she's dealing with separation anxiety which makes no sense. They aren't even together. It's just the distance between Zayn and Niall is usually just the glass counter with little treats and shit. It's never been Zayn gone for the whole day and not sitting with Niall to talk to her and laugh with her.

"Niall, get your head out of the clouds. C'mon, thirty minutes to closing, can you handle?" Louis says from the door. Niall's eyes light up in the most comical way because who knew sulking in the back would take so much time.

"Can I take counter just, like, in case she comes in?" Niall says quietly, but jumps excitedly when Louis sighs her agreement. "Aw, Lou, how I love you," Niall says into Louis's cheek before going to the counter.

The loudness of the restaurant itself makes Niall feel better. There are few tables filled, but still people hanging around and enjoying themselves. They all look happy and Niall's just happy watching the door.

She's like a small child, a big smile on her face, and her feet tapping against the floor giddily. She can't wait for the door to open to Zayn's gorgeous face to tell her all about her day and everything that went on. Zayn would sit with her, drink a tea, smile widely at her while she complains over the first interviewer, but appraise the last interviewer and whatnot. Zayn would be so happy, she'd get accepted into every job because she's simply the greatest and Niall would just love her from afar.

Thirty minutes pass inside Niall's muddled brain and her heart hurts because everyone's clearing out and the girls are cleaning and Zayn's still not there.

"Ni, can you help me in the kitchen?" Harry asks. Niall sighs deeply before taking a washcloth and helping Harry wipe down the machines and counters and put everything in its place. They work quickly and effortlessly, but even though she's preoccupied, Niall can only think of Zayn.

They finish up soon, the clock striking 11.27 when they all settle into the main area. Louis sips a coffee quietly, Liam's arm around her shoulder, and Harry texting someone with a dumb grin on her face. They're all content in the quiet, Niall's heart beating rapidly.

Harry gets up first, a little smile on her face as she shrugs on the oversized coat hung on the back of the chair. "Well, ladies," she says. "Hayden is coming into town and her plane's coming in soon so I should probably go." Harry stands taller than the rest of them, but smiles as she leans down to kiss each of their foreheads. "Love you guys."

After Harry leaves, Liam and Louis aren't too far behind, Louis getting both restless and bored against Liam's side. They tentatively ask if Niall can close up, but Niall smiles widely