were far more than Naruko had thought possible. 

The only bonus was that for some reason that Naruko couldn’t figure out the ratings had gone up as had the amount of people tuning in. Why was the answer Naruko couldn’t figure out. 

Naruko got calls from dozens of people, mostly songs he liked and a few he’d never heard of. The dude who was on a high school musical binge only called in for two or three other songs so the rest of the show was relatively smooth. 

“It’’s just, why does he have to be such a dick about it though?” Naruko asked Onoda, the anime nerd he shared a dorm with, as they walked to class the next morning. “Like I don’t even really care that he has the shittiest taste in music, I even play your anime songs. It’s just that he’s so annoying about it? And pretentious?”

“Maybe he just really likes arguing with you?” Onoda shrugged. “I mean it sounds like you’re both enjoying insulting each other over the radio at least.”

“I guess? I mean it’s not that I’m actively mad when he calls in.”

“You complain just as much on the nights he doesn’t call in.” Onoda pointed out before waving and darting into the building his class was in.

Naruko groaned and rubbed at his face. Honestly picking the night show as his had probably not been a great idea when he had class two hours after his show ended three days out of the week. He collapsed into the first seat he found in class and put his headphones on blocking out everyone around him until the prof started talking. This was probably the only class of the week he took proper notes in because it was also the only class he rarely remembered. 

Part way through class someone asked a question and Naruko felt an almost automatic twinge of annoyance. He blinked and looked around trying to figure out why. When the person who’d asked the question asked another to clarify the point Naruko’s eyes widened. His head swiveling as he tried to figure out who was talking. Or at least what they looked like. He knew who was talking; it was that asshole who called in to request soundtrack music. Not even good soundtrack music either.

Luckily for Naruko the guy seemed pretty intent on talking that class and he was eventually able to locate him. The dude even looked pretentious and after class Naruko was torn. Part of him wanted to confront the guy as ask what his issue with Naruko’s music choice was but the other part of him wanted to avoid the guy at all costs now that he knew who exactly he was avoiding. 

The decision was made for him a few classes later. As usual he just dropped himself down into the seat without paying much attention. Unlike usual the guy he dropped next to already had a bunch of stuff set up and Naruko managed to knock half of it over. 

“Sorry dude, I’m half asleep.” Naruko muttered as he bent to pick up the pens he’d sent flying. When he sat up again and handed them to the other he frowned. Not only did he look familiar the guy was staring at him with an expression that Naruko would have almost called disdain if it didn’t look so surprised. Maybe stunned was the right word. After a moment he waved the pens towards the guy. “Dude do you want these back or not?”

“It’s you.” He did finally take the pens from Naruko as he spoke. “The guy from the radio show.” 

“Oh it’s you.” Naruko held back a sigh. That’s why the kid looked familiar, he looked a lot younger in person than he had from across the room. 

“You look like someone electrocuted a red panda, maybe a tiger.” The guy nodded before turning back to his notes, like he’d confirmed something he already knew. 

Naruko just stared at him for a moment before deciding he was way to tired to deal with the jerk’s antics and besides which the professor had started talking. So he just focused on taking notes. 

“You’re a lot quieter in person than I expected.” For some reason Naruko couldn’t fathom the guy followed him out of class as though they were friends. 

“You’d be quiet too if you hadn’t slept in almost twenty hours.” Naruko glared at him heading for the coffee shop he was meeting Onoda at. There was one more class to get through in the morning before he could crash but he was going to need caffeine first. The half an hour break between the two classes was good too. 

“You know Imaizumi too?” Onoda grinned all but bouncing up to him as he walked into the shop. Honestly he hadn’t realized that the guy, Imaizumi apparently, was still following him. 

“Ya apparently he’s the asshole who’s been calling in to insult me.” Naruko muttered getting in line. 

“I thought the sound track music guy sounded familiar!” Onoda grinned turning to Imaizumi