watching Zayn dig his face into a pillow to bite it. “No, c’mon I wanna hear ya.” 

 Zayn let his head roll back, “Harryyyy,” he moaned out when Harry pushed in and aimed for that special spot. “Fuck, harder Harry.” He instantly felt Harry’s hips begin snapping at a rapid pace. The tip of Harry’s dick was pounding into Zayn’s sweet spot making him groan and weaken on the sheets. 

 His knees were giving out causing his torso to slowly lean against the bed. Soon his body was almost flat against the bed; all except his hips. His dick was rubbing on the sheets and Harry was surely fucking him into the mattress. Both boys were gasping and moaning in pleasure feeling their orgasms approach them. 

 “You love this, huh? You love when I fuck you into whatever surface we’re on. So fucking hot and tight, Z.” Harry breathed out. 

 “Fuck, YES! Ahh, yes Harry. I love it. Feels so good,” Zayn panted. “’M gonna cum, Harry. Fuck just like that!” 

 Harry swirled his hips and hit Zayn’s prostate at a new angle making Zayn’s body shift so his cock was dragging across the sheets with every thrust. With a loud shout of Harry’s name Zayn’s body tensed and clenched around Harry’s dick as he came on the sheets. The clenching, an almost vacuum like feeling, was causing a tighter suction around Harry. With a final thrust into Zayn’s body he was cumming deep inside of him. 

 Harry kept slowly thrusting, barely pulling out an inch before going back in, to ride out their orgasms. His arms became shaky so he pulled out carefully and sat next to Zayn’s body. He watched Zayn’s eyes lazily open, the sexy fucked-out smile that made its way onto his face. Harry smiled back just as lazily. Zayn rolled onto his side before pushing himself up and sitting mirroring Harry. His face scrunched up in displeasure and Harry let out a loud chuckle knowing that was Zayn’s reaction to the liquids seeping out of his bum. 

 “Shut up Harry!” Zayn said trying to sound serious but failing miserably when he joined Harry’s laughter. “I needa shower,” he mumbled. 

 “I think I’ll join you. All sweaty and what not.” Harry commented. 

 They were both too tired to do anything in the shower besides wash up between lazy kisses. Harry pulled back and looked at Zayn’s body. He ran his fingertips over the dark marks on Zayn’s chest and neck. Zayn smirked letting Harry admire the marks before asking him to turn around. “Just turn around,” he giggled when Harry had asked why. 

 He bit his lip when he saw the red and pink marks trailing down Harry’s back in multiple spots. The skin was broken in a few places where Zayn had dug in particularly hard. Zayn gently trailed his hands down Harry’s back, loving how his body arched away because of the soreness. “You shouldn’t go shirtless for a while; people will ask too many questions.” 

 Harry laughed as he turned around. “We don’t usually mark each other up like this!” he said with a smile. “Looks good though, don’t ya think?” 

 “Hell yeah.” 

 They got out and ran towels over their skin. Zayn’s eyes were drooping and heavy as he reached for his jeans. He looked up when he felt a hand on his arm. “C’mon, stay over tonight?” Harry asked shyly. “It’s late and we’re exhausted.” 

 Zayn only nodded. He let go of his jeans and let Harry guide his naked body towards another bedroom since the sheets on Harry’s main bed were soiled. Harry pulled back the duvet and sheets allowing Zayn and himself to crawl in before he pulled the duvet back up to warm their naked bodies. 

 Zayn sleepily cuddled into Harry’s warmth and nuzzled his head into Harry’s chest. Harry held him close with one arm around Zayn’s shoulders and the other tugging his waist closer. He kissed Zayn’s temple gently, “Goodnight Z,” he whispered into the darkness. 

 When Zayn replied it was barely a breath. “G’night Harry.” 

*__________*

 “Ungh,” Zayn groaned when he felt his body roll over and land on his back with a soft plop. He gasped and his eyes shot open in shock when he felt something nudging its way into his hole. He was sore from last night and he wasn’t even awake yet. 

 “Shh,” Harry said amused by Zayn’s reaction. He laughed a bit then said “’s just me. Relax for me, you’re still nice and stretched from last night.” 

 Zayn felt his body relax at the soothing sound of Harry’s gravely deep morning voice. He saw the smooth skinned boy hovering over him and felt his tip slide in slowly. “Mmm, good morning to you too,” he mumbled. 

 He heard