"It's too awful, Dean."



Dean squares his jaw and grabs Cas by the lapels, and Christ, this is not why he saw himself doing that this evening.



"Freaking tell me."



Cas hunches his shoulders further, puts one hand over Dean's. "The reapers, every last one of them, are upset with you over killing Death. 


"Instead of Heaven, you will be thrown into the void. The primordial darkness where nothing truly existed, and nothing exists still. You will be unmade, scattered to the spaces between neurons, between stars. Destroyed as if you never had a soul."



"Geez, don't sugar-coat it, pal."



Dean can't take it in, it took him a long time to believe Heaven existed, in angels, in God.



Now when he dies, it'll be like he originally thought: nothing at all waiting for him. No more "him."



Dean lets go of Cas, sticks his hands in his overcoat pockets. "'S'ironic."



From the corner of his eye, Cas quirks his head.



"I was a dyed-in-the-wool atheist, Cas. Now after saving the world from an Archangel showdown, killing Death and releasing the Darkness, I'm back to square one."



There was a time the idea of the loss of self made Dean quail in existential horror. But that was a long time ago, before Hell and demon-hood. Now, the idea starts to have appeal; a warm blanket blocking out noise and cold numbness until everything just—vanishes. Dean chuckles. "I'm a terrible date. We should stick to pretend."



Cas has a look of intense concentration on his face, and Dean idly wonders where his friend is aiming to land now.



After a slow blink, Cas is heading for the backseat.  Dean surreptitiously checks out Cas's ass as he crawls into the car. Seconds later, he emerges with the cooler and sets it on the ground. When Cas straightens up, a bottle of Jose Cuervo is in his hand.



The bottle is cold and wet; Dean wipes the bottle down with his sleeve.



Cas watches him curiously, lips slightly parted, like he was about to say something but forgot. He licks his lips, and Dean screws off the lid with a sharp snap like breaking the neck of a pigeon.



"Let's get this party started," Dean mutters, passing the bottle off. He kicks off the door, leans in, twists the key a quarter inch and a moment later "Dark Side of the Moon" starts playing.



The familiar, dreamy guitar riffs loosen some of the tension in his shoulders, and as he straightens back up he notes Cas is a third of a way through the 26er.



"Hey!" He snatches the bottle back and glares reproachfully. "We really gotta work on you and this whole sipping thing."



"I wish to be intoxicated; speed will accomplish that."



"Ya gotta slow down and savour the little things, Cas." Dean gestures at the sky. "This? This is overwhelmingly freaking huge. But this?" He motions between the bottle, Cas, and himself. "This I can grok. All that's left is the little things, you know? Gotta squeeze 'em for what you can."

Run, Rabbit run... Dig that hole, forget the sun...


Run, Rabbit run... Dig that hole, forget the sun...

Cas is silent, hands still in his coat pockets, eyes on the stars. Dean represses the urge to seek the warm solidity of flesh under his mouth, to get his hands under all those layers. How do I keep him "here here"?


Cas is carved of marble in the starlight. Stark baroque only betrayed by the flutter of his coat in the breeze and the waving of his hair.



Dean takes a swig of tequila and carefully doesn't think.



Balanced on the biggest wave, you race towards an early grave...


He holds the amber liquid in his mouth and slowly puts his hands on Cas's chest. The angel looks down then; Dean holds his gaze, seeing the remote otherness slide away as he seals their mouths together.



Inhaling noisily through his nose, his eyes slide shut as Dean parts his lips, pushing a trickle of liquid in Cas's mouth with a tentative slide of tongue.



Cas catches on quickly, tongue sliding against Dean's, teasing the liquid out with the barest hint of suction.



When their mouths part, Dean gasps for air, dazed as Cas runs his fingers along the backs of his hands and knuckles. They lean together, foreheads touching.



"I understand," Cas murmurs.



"Yeah?" Dean pulls back to look at him,



"Yes. We must take what we can, while we can."



Cas cups Dean's jaw. "For you, there is a singular now. Which you are choosing to spend with me." His eyes go heavy-lidded, voice thick. "Courting me."



So you run and you run to catch up with the