of them like you. Why do they watch your shows? They must do it to laugh at you. They /hate/ you. You deserve to be hated. 

No, no, you know it's wrong - they genuinely like you but it...it all just feels fake. You can't stop thinking about how much they must hate you, so when you remind yourself that they probably don't it just feels - fake. 

Fake like the confidence you show everyone. 

“I'm beautiful, darling!”
“I know I'm the best, but you do come in close second~”
“The underground needs me!”

 

...fake.
Fake, fake fake fake FAKE!!!

 

Why can't you just be genuinely happy for once? Why can't you just have one day where you don't feel like you’d be better off dead? 

No one else is like this. Sure, Napstablook may be sad and anxious, but...they aren't pathetic and horrible like you. They’re great and amazing and they just need to SEE it. You wish you could show them. 

 

You, on the other hand…
You’re a disgrace.
Worthless.
Broken.
Unlovable.
...fake. 

 

You feel sick. You don't even have a stomach but you feel like, if you did, it would spill all over you. 

Why are you like this? This sad, broken ghost with a fake body and fake dreams? You’re fake. So fucking fake. Fake and broken and disgusting and FAKE. 

...laying here on this fainting couch, arm thrown over your face in a dramatic pose, you suddenly realize the fact that you genuinely despise yourself. You’re complete and utter garbage. 

You say this out loud, as you roll onto the floor. Your body hits the ground with a heavy noise, your (fake) pain receptors sending shocks of (fake) pain throughout your (fake) body. 

The pain always feels somehow realer, to you. It makes you feel more alive. It's been a long time since you’ve truly felt alive. 

You pick your (fake) arm up and slam it as hard as you can into the ground. The pain is there, sharp and sudden - you let out a low groan of relief. You do it again, and again, and again, till...

With a loud crack something within your arm breaks. It is loud as it startles you into sitting up, worrying you for just a moment as you find that you can no longer move your fingers. You let out a sigh. Looks like I fell over again, Alphys, you murmur under your breath. You act clumsy around her so she’ll always believe the excuse. 

You let out a disgusted groan. If she’ll even fix you again. You've asked her so many times - you’re not sure if she will, anymore. 

You almost hope that she doesn't. 

You almost, almost hope that she makes you walk around like this - broken, managed, finally real only in the way that your body is as fucked up as your mind. 

You muse over the idea for a moment. You would get more and more broken the longer you dragged your mangled body around, leaving pieces of metal in your wake, getting more and more broke until you finally died, alone and empty, a heap of metal and latex and shattered glass ad shattered dreams. 

It would a be a fitting end, you decide. 

But, no - Alphys is far too kind for that. She’ll berate you, call you clumsy, and fix you up. Just like she always does. Undyne might be there, watching in disgust as you use her girlfriend for your own selfish needs. She thinks of you as the stupidest, trashiest thing on the planet, your only saving grace being that Alphys made you. She’s right, of course.

You’re disgusting. 

You're filthy and nasty and you treat everyone like shit because - because…

Well, you're not really sure why. You've always had these self-destructive urges, doing things solely because you know they're wrong. The need to act out and do bad things picks at you, sticks in the back of your mind and comes forward whenever given the chance. 

It's usually you saying things you regret. You insult people, berate them, diminish them - not because you want to but because your mind says that you have to. You’ve got to. 

You groan and slap your face with one hand - the not-broken arm’s hand - and turn your head to look under the couch you’d fallen off of. There’s some stray pieces of mail underneath, a few makeup brushes, and some screws.  You ponder stabbing the screws into your eyes, breaking your optical screens so that you don't have to see your stupid, beautiful face anymore. You love it and hate it with equal measure. 

You ponder getting up and doing