deflated and he turned to walk away.

“Wait, wait! I’m only kidding. Tell us about what happened when Katherine Schwarzenegger introduced you to her sister?”

Harry smiled and perched on the edge of the coffee table.

“Well,” he began in his signature slow voice, “we met up and she was like-”

But he was cut off when Liam, pretending to be asleep, snored loudly. He and Louis erupted into a fit of giggles. Niall and Zayn exchanged glances that they both understood perfectly – it was time to intervene.

 

But before they could do anything, Harry was on his feet yelling,

“WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU TWO?”

The four of them stopped and stared, shocked. Louis was the first to regain composure.

“Ooh, looks like someone’s getting a little cross,” he taunted. Liam snickered, like the good yes-man he had become.

“I don’t know what I did to make you hate me so much but I’m sick of you trying to hurt me all the time!” Harry cried.

“Calm down, Curly.” Louis sniggered. And that was it. Hearing Louis’ once affectionate nickname for him being used in such a patronising manner was enough to push Harry over the edge. He drew back a shaky fist and sent it right into Louis’ nose. The older boy shrieked in pain.

 

Liam drew his fist back to retaliate on behalf of Louis and Zayn knew he had to step in. Harry's punch had been fuelled by anger and humiliation and hurt but he was no fighter. Liam was all brawn and, against him, Harry wouldn’t last ten seconds. Zayn sprung from his place on the couch and grabbed Harry, pulling him far out of Liam’s reach. Niall had leapt up too and was now trying to convince Liam to not go for Harry.

“Get off me!” Harry screamed, thrashing and kicking out at Zayn.

“Stop it, Harry! Just calm down-”

“No! I don’t want to calm down! I’m sick of this! Of being treated like I’m a worthless, unwanted piece of shit!”

And suddenly Zayn knew what to do. He knew exactly what would take Harry's mind of Liam and Louis.

“Harry, stop.” He said in a low voice. He felt the other boy falter. “Look at me. Harry look at me!”

And he spun Harry round to face him. The boy, motionless, stared confusedly at Zayn, with hope lacing his regard. Zayn held Harry’s face close to his, looking into his eyes with as much passion as he could muster this late at night.

“Let’s go to your room?” Zayn whispered, leaning in and brushing his lips against Harry’s ear.

Harry nodded breathlessly and Zayn ushered him out of the room.

 

They walked along the hotel corridor in silence. Harry reached his door and fumbled with the card key.

“Fuck.” He muttered as he found himself unable to get the card into the lock. Zayn placed his hand lightly on Harry’s, pressing gently into his back and whispering,

“Let me.”

In the dark corridor he could just make out the deep flush of Harry’s cheeks. Taking the card, he inserted it slowly into the lock and pulled it out carefully. He smirked to himself as Harry bit his lip. The green light flashed. He pushed open the door, pressing himself even more into Harry. The younger boy stumbled into the room, flicking the light switch as he went past it. He rubbed the back of his neck nervously.

“So…uh…what do you want to-”

Zayn pushed him onto the bed and straddled him. He pressed his lips to Harry’s and forced the other boy’s open with his own. Harry pulled back.

“Zayn, what’re you-”

“Do you not want this?”

“Of course I do”

“Then shut up and kiss me back.”

And he brought their lips back together. Zayn began to roll his hips against Harry’s and the younger boy moaned into the kiss, lying Zayn on the bed and propping himself up with a hand on either side of him.

“But what about your girlfrie-”

“Shh,” Zayn whispered, “forget about her. Forget about Perrie, forget about Louis and Liam, forget about everyone. Forget about them. Pay attention to me, just me, only me.”

Harry grinned.

“Someone’s a little needy.”

Zayn rolled his eyes.

“Coming from you?” he retorted. Harry laughed and lowered himself to Zayn’s neck. But the older boy wrapped his arms around his friend and flipped them over. Harry raised an eyebrow and Zayn smirked.

“I’m in charge around here, Mr Styles.”

And he lowered his lips to Harry’s, grinding against him to create friction between their already hard penises. His lips trailed kisses along Harry’s jawbone to his neck. Harry gasped loudly and his hips bucked upwards into Zayn’s.