feeling well, Colonel?" Teyla asks. John can feel the tips of his ears go red.

"I'm fine," he assures her. It's possible that his voice might sound a little strangled. Why can't McKay hurry up and put the damn shirt on, for christ's sake?

Teyla gives him an incredulous look, but doesn't press the issue, something for which John is immensely grateful. He begins to make plans for sneaking her an extra pudding cup at dinner.

"I don't know," Ronon says. "He looks constipated to me."

Okay, no extra pudding for Ronon. But at least Rodney is finally dressed again and... oh, god, his nipples are poking through the fabric of the shirt and John is going to sit down and have a serious talk with his dick because there is a time and a place and this is not it.

"We had this root back on Sateda," Ronon continues. "It'd clean you right out. Made your farts stink real bad though."

"Okay kids, I think it's time to get back home," John says. They're actually not due back for another two hours, but listening to Ronon talk about Satedan laxatives is not how John wants to spend this afternoon.

Also, Rodney needs to take his nipples back to Atlantis and into a hot shower, because that can't be healthy.

So they say goodbye to the natives and make plans to come back again when the rainy season is over, and John makes sure that Rodney is walking behind him as they head back to the gate (because Rodney's ass is another one of the things John doesn't find attractive at all). Ronon seems to be stuck on the subject of flatulence and Teyla keeps rolling her eyes and sighing deeply.

Once back in Atlantis, after the post-mission check up, Rodney asks "Are we on for chess tonight, Colonel? I have some new moves I would like to try out."

John nods, thinking that it will be a good opportunity to convince Rodney of the badness of the two of them continuing to 'play chess'.

Rodney's eyes light up the same way they do over the prospect of cool new Ancient toys to play with. He smiles that slanted not-hot-at-all smile, grabs his PDA and leaves the infirmary.

"Down, boy," John tells his dick. It refuses to follow orders. He needs to get it trained better. If you can teach dogs not to chase cars, you should be able to teach your penis not to chase astrophysicists.

He has dinner with Teyla and Ronon, gets Teyla two extra pudding cups and Ronon none, because Ronon still won't let the constipation thing go. Then John goes back to his quarters to shower and shave before heading over to Rodney's.

When he gets there, Rodney is already naked. John steps inside, scratching his neck. He has no idea how to do this.

"Listen, Rodney," he begins. "I've been thinking..." Then he notices something on the bedside table. A tall plastic mug covered with condensation. "Um. Is that ice?"

"I have extremely sensitive nipples," Rodney explains with a smug little grin. "Sometimes I can come just from having them played with. From the way you were watching me on the planet, I thought you might want to give it a try. All in the interest of science, of course."

Of course. So, this is where John is supposed to say what he was going to say and then get out. He should not be thinking about Rodney's nipples and ice and Rodney coming, warm and wet, all over himself.

"Nuh", he says, and then, "Nnghh." Then he figures he should maybe try for something a little bit more verbal so he adds, "Oh, what the hell," pulls his shirt over his head and opens his fly to give his dick a little more room.

John's dick is a traitor. An evil, evil traitor.

Rodney steps back and lies down on the bed, reaching out for the cup and pulling out a glistening wet ice cube. He gives John an impatient look. "What are you waiting for? Get undressed and come over here, or the ice'll melt before we get the chance to have any fun with it."

It's not like John has to be told twice. He quickly ditches his pants and underwear and heads over to the bed. Rodney pops the ice cube into his mouth and then sucks on his fingers for a while before he starts teasing his own nipples. They immediately harden into tight little nubs. Rodney closes his eyes and moans, and when he opens them again, he's looking straight at John.

"Come here and kiss me," he says, and John is only too happy to comply.

He can feel the ice melting in Rodney's mouth, a tantalising mix of hot and cold, and John can't hold back a moan of his