doorjamb again, glancing over his shoulder. 

 

“You’re red in the face, sonsaengnim.” He murmurs, eyes flashing dangerously up and down Kris’s body without the slightest effort at subtlety. “You must feel very hot right now.”

 

Kris’s hands twitch at his sides, to what impulse he’s only vaguely aware; Jongin’s hand shoots out to push the door completely shut in front of him instead of walking out.  Kris’s shaky exhale is loud in the silent classroom, as is the click of the lock, and Kris feels trapped, too hot, ensnared.  He moves as if to take a step forward—or he would, if Jongin wasn’t pushing him firmly back against the blackboard with the tips of long fingers splayed on his chest.  His bookbag drops to the floor, forgotten in an instant.

 

“Jongin, what—” Kris says as his back hits the wall, but once again, he’s pretty sure he knows what.  Jongin strokes Kris’s tie between index finger and thumb thoughtfully, tongue swiping his lower lip.

 

“Sonsaengnim.” Jongin says softly, and it’s not a question.  “How about another round?  This one’s free of charge.”

 

“I thought you said you weren’t a whore.” Kris growls, one hand slipping into Jongin’s hair and clenching the silky strands tightly.  Jongin whimpers, and the sound ignites him more than anything Kris could imagine on his own.  “But you also said you weren’t Kai anymore.  Why should I believe you?”

 

“I’m not a whore.” Jongin purrs.  “I just said it was free, didn’t I?”

 

Kris hesitates.  “You’re underage.”  He’s running out of justification to oppose Jongin’s advances, and his motivation to resist is waning even faster.  Their lips are almost touching.

 

“I’m not.” Jongin says roughly.  “Not anymore.” And he lurches forward to close the distance between their mouths in spite of the tight hold Kris has on his hair, and—oh.

 

Kris had mostly forgotten the taste of Kai, the firmness of his body and the plushness of his mouth.  It all comes back to him in one dizzying blow when Jongin shoves him hard against the blackboard from chest to knee and sucks Kris’s lower lip into his mouth. 

 

There’s a little voice in the back of his head shouting at him to stop, that Jongin is still off-limits, that he shouldn’t do this—but it’s much quieter than the moan Jongin lets out when he leverages himself against Kris’s body with a sinuous rub of his hips.

 

“Jongin,” Kris pants as Jongin presses wet lips to the side of his throat, “Jongin—”

 

“Mmm?” Jongin hums, taking the lobe of Kris’s ear between his lips.  Below, his hand is playing with Kris’s zipper, easing it down slowly over the jutting outline of his cock.  This is so out of control, so fucking wrong—Jongin looks up at him under heavy lids as he wraps warm fingers around Kris’s dick, and why was he protesting this again?

 

Kris growls, grabbing a handful of Jongin’s hair in one hand and pressing the thumb of the other to Jongin’s lower lip. “You’re right.  You’re not a whore.  You’re a slut, Jongin.  Is this how you plan on getting through life?” But there’s no accusation to his tone, only heat.

 

“If I had to live off blowjobs, I’d be broke.” Jongin says casually, gripping at Kris’s waist as he drops to his knees.  Kris lets go of Jongin’s hair to brace himself against the wall, because the way Jongin is gazing up at him through his eyelashes makes Kris’s legs feel dangerously weak.

 

Jongin’s wet tongue swipes across the head of his cock, pushing the foreskin back with his thumb, and holy shit, it’s so damn good.  Kris bites back a sound he just knows is going to be embarrassingly squeaky and distracts himself by sifting Jongin’s hair through his fingers.  Jongin’s hair product leaves residue on his hands, but Kris is far past caring whether his hair is messed up or not; Jongin should have thought of that before biting off more than he could chew.

 

Except that he looks down automatically in surprise when he feels Jongin’s nose bump against his pelvis.  Jongin’s eyes are shut tightly as he swallows the rest of Kris’s cock down to the base—something Kris has never seen before—and it almost makes him come on the spot.  “Jesus fuck, Jongin.”

 

Jongin’s eyelashes are wet from the strain of deep-throating Kris’s dick when he pulls back.  His hair stands up on end where Kris gripped at it, and his lips are shiny red and pressure-swollen from friction, but the grin on his face is pure wickedness.  He sheds his wool blazer onto the floor carelessly;