something new on their website? What if they announced a new tour? What if they were performing in this town? As the possibilities raged through Izuku’s mind, he found himself colliding with what felt like a brick wall. Izuku fell flat on his butt and looked up, ready to apologize. His words died in his throat as he saw familiar red eyes glaring down at him. Of course, it had to be Bakugou.
“Watch where you’re fucking going, Deku.”
“S-sorry, Kacchan.”
“Get your head out of your stupid book and maybe you’ll see where you’re going,” Bakugou sneered, picking up the black book and tossing it out the open window.
“Ah!” Izuku jumped up and dashed out the building. He quickly found his notebook, but the damage was already done. The pages were soaked wet from landing in a paddle and the moment Izuku picked it up, the cover ripped almost completely off. With a dampened spirit, Izuku began the long trudge home.
It was a bright day, but Izuku felt the complete opposite. Not even singing his favorite All Might songs helped, it only reminded him of his inability to sing every time he received a disgusted look from a random passerby. He sighed as he glanced down at his soggy notebook. Hopefully the sunny weather would dry the pages. But as fate would have her way, Izuku found himself colliding with another individual. Their shoulders barely dumped, but it was enough for Izuku to drop his notebook, ripping the cover clean off.
Izuku visibly deflated, preparing once again to give his apologies. But once again, his words died in his throat.
“Y-y-y-YAGI TOSHINORI?!?!?!”
The scraggly blond looked down at the shocked teen. He held a finger up to his lips.
“O-oh, right,” Izuku whispered, covering his mouth and looking around to make sure he hadn’t gathered anyone’s attention. “I’msoveryextremelyunexplainablysorryforrunningintoyouButwowI’mso gladIdidImeanIt’snoteverydaysomeonemeetsTHEYagiToshinoriOhdidthatsoundrudeIdidn’tmeanitthat wayI’mnotgladthatIhityou‘gasp’Ididn’thurtyoudidIAmIwastingyourtimeYou’reaverybusypersonandohno I’mprobablywastingyourprecioustimetalkingtoyouandyoucan’tpossiblyhavethetimeofdaytotalktoevery fanthatyoumeetonthestreetsButwhileIhaveyourtimecanItellyouhowmuchIloveyourbandAllMightmeans somuchtomeYou’remyrolemodelItmeanssomuchtobeabletomeetyou And if it wouldn’t be too much trouble could you sign my notebook?” Izuku breathlessly held out his precious possession.
Toshinori stared down at the flushed teen, stunned by his sudden outburst. The man quickly recovered, shooting Izuku his signature grin and holding out his hand to receive the notebook. Izuku fished out a pen from his pocket and handed it to his idol. His sorry attempts to hide his huge smile left him looking constipated and the subconscious action of bouncing on his toes gave him the appearance of someone who had waited too long to use the restroom.
Toshinori handed the pen and notebook back to the boy and shot him a huge thumbs up before hurrying through the busy street, his hat pulled over his eyes.
“W-wait!” Izuku called, pushing his way through the sea of people that separated him from Toshinori. "I still have something I need to say!”
He chased the man through crowded roads and empty alleyways. Every time Izuku thought Toshinori was within his reach, the blonde would gain another burst of speed. Not after long, Toshinori began to slow, giving Izuku the opportunity he needed to seize the man by his loose white shirt. The two struggled. Toshinori grunted as he attempted to pry Izuku off his shirt. He was quickly tired, and gave into the teen.
“Please, this will only take a minute,” Izuku pleaded.
Toshinori slumped against the wall of the building they had just run past. He continued panting heavily, and seemed to have a hard time catching his breath.
“When I was younger,” Izuku began. “When I was younger I first heard All Might when they showed the Battle of the Bands Finale of TV. Before I had never thought anything about bands, or even music in general. But… your performance changed my life. The way you connected with the audience, the way everyone had a smile on their face even though the lyrics spoke of hardships people have taken their lives over. You preached hope. You let people know they could do anything—conquer anything. You let me know I could do anything. I- ” Izuku hesitated before continuing. “I was born with amusia. I can’t sing. Maybe I can’t appreciate your music, but I love the passion, the hope, the happiness you bring to the stage. Watching your video over and over gave me the hope that one day even I could win a Battle of the Bands competition. With my voice. That’s why,” Izuku looked up with determination. “I’ve made it my goal to place first in the Battle of the Bands competition.”
A slight breeze passed through the alleyway, rustling Izuku’s fluffy green hair. Suddenly, Toshinori cleared his throat and spoke.
“Look, kid.”
Izuku’s eyes widened. Doubts began to swirl through his head. This was Yagi Toshinori right? It had to be. The unmistakable blonde hair and sunken in eyes were a sure sign that this was indeed the