the road for what seemed like forever, you pulled up to the old hotel which was supposedly haunted. Sam went inside to check you guys in while Dean went on a grub run. You waited outside on a bench, taking in everything that had changed in your small town. Not much was different, well, except you. You had seen a lot before Bobby died but after he was gone, man, did you see your fair share of nightmares. Not that you were complaining, you had signed up for this life, but it still got to you sometimes.
Sam came out with a set of keys and you followed him to the room, duffel bag full of clothes in your left hand and the one filled with weapons in your right. After about twenty minutes Dean joined you in the room with your favorite food; a medium- well burger with bacon, cheddar cheese, tomatoes and BBQ sauce on it from Maria’s diner.  Bobby used to laugh at your order whenever you went out to eat but it was just so damned good. Once you were all situated you started research.
_____________

“I need a break and a beer”
Dean was always impatient when it came to research.
“Let’s go check out the hotel bar for a while” Sam was rubbing his eyes as he spoke, indicating he was as bored and tired of research as his brother.
So you threw on your boots and your favorite leather jacket, and obviously your hat. Once the three of you were ready you headed to the hotel bar.
Even though you were only nineteen you rarely got carded. even if you did the boys make a great fake ID. You didn’t care to drink so you ordered two beers for the brothers and threw a few bucks in the tip jar.
“Sweetheart, I think you’re a bit young to be ordering a drink….”
Without even looking up you responded to the stranger.
“Well, I’m old enough to know I don’t give a shit about your opinion”Flashing a slight smirk.
You were met with a laugh and a cautious “(Y/F/N) you haven’t changed a bit”
You looked up, slightly startled, overwhelmingly curious.”Coach?!” The familiar face greeted you with a smile.
“What the hell are you doing here?”You asked.
“There’s a teacher's retreat this weekend. You’d think a retreat would involve leaving this town but it wasn’t in the funding this year.”
Teacher's retreat? That meant your other teachers were here too. You scanned the room seeing familiar faces everywhere in the crowd. A few had come over to talk to you. Questioning your sudden departure and what you were doing these days. Then your “brothers” came over.
“Where's my beer kid?” Dean joked, before Sam elbowed him.
“Um, Dean, Sam, this is uh, these are my teachers from high school….”You managed to blurt out.
Dean and Sam picked up their beers from the counter behind you and smiled, introducing themselves to everybody, and acting very, charming? respectful? Big- brother-like? They talked to your teachers about how smart you were or about how dedicated you were to soccer. You just sat there laughing when somebody cracked a joke and interjecting when you felt necessary.
Suddenly, the temperature dropped, you breathed out slowly, seeing your breath in the air.
“Son of a bitch” Dean whispered.
“I’ll go grab the stuff” You jumped off the stool and ran for the room.
Once you go there you grabbed as much as you could and headed back for the bar. The second you reached the bar you threw the bag to Dean when suddenly the doors slammed closed….with you still outside in the lobby.
Sam and Dean ran towards the door, trying desperately to break it’s glass panes. Clearly, this thing wanted to keep them in there.
The boys made a huge salt circle for everybody and armed themselves. They waited for this thing to show up while you searched the main lobby for an object to burn to get rid of this thing once and for all.
The temperature dropped again, and you realized the ghost wasn’t locking them in, he was locking them out. A second later you flew across the room, landing against a shelf of books. You could already feel the blood trickling down the side of your face when you started to stand. You looked around for the spirit, who had disappeared. You saw your brothers slamming against the door, in an attempt to break it down and save you.
“(Y/N)! The Fireplace!” Sam yelled frantically.
You whirled around to see an iron poker beside the fireplace and you ran to grab it. Just before you got there you felt something grab your wrist, stopping you in your tracks. You screamed out, fought back, anything to get that iron. That’s when it threw you for a second time. This time you hit a glass window, a shard landing in your shoulder when