quickens at the memory.

After Haru has cleared his homework from the table and proceeds to set out the food, they begin a conversation about Rin, the person who has given them this moment, creating a bridge to connect the gap between the two of them.

While Haru isn’t the conversational type (he’s relied on Makoto far too much to try figure out he how he’s feeling most of the time), he finds it easy to comment on Rin as Sousuke stands behind him, hip against the wall and shoulders crossed over his broad chest. Haru is careful not to inquire anything about Sousuke himself or his health. 

Makoto had told Haru once over dinner that Sousuke attended the same university that he did, and he had seen him roaming the halls on more than one occasion, nose stuck behind books on physical therapy.

“You really care for Rin, don’t you?” Sousuke finally says in a contemplative manner.

Haru sets the last of the dishes on the table (slices of pineapple) and turns to Sousuke. He blinks.

He remembers being afraid, of traveling to a country where he barely knew the language, where he could do nothing but follow the one constant he had, head full of red hair leading him, Haru unconsciously trusting Rin to take him where he needed to be. He remembers Russell and Lori, Rin’s host parents, and how kind and welcoming they were to him, how they doted on Rin and showed Haru that home was wherever one could make it. Haru remembers the hotel room, the small bed they shared, Rin expressing his feelings in the cover of darkness, his sincerity touching Haru someplace he thought he’d never find again in the midst of scrambling to find his own dream.

He remembers how bright Rin was in his nightmare, and how afraid he had been to look into that light.

“I do,” Haru answers, and for his honesty he earns a small smirk from Sousuke.

“The guy never shuts up about you. Ever. Message after message, and it’s ‘Nanase this,’ or ‘Nanase that.’ If I didn’t know any better, I’d say he was in love with you.”

Haru sits in the chair, prompting Sousuke to make himself comfortable in the one directly across. It’s strange, not seeing Makoto there, but black hair and teal eyes instead.

“I’m not in love with Rin. He’s just a friend.”

When Sousuke places his elbow on the table and rests his chin in his hand, Haru turns away from the sight.

“It’d break his heart to hear you say that, Nanase. Don’t tell me,” he trails off, helping himself to a serving of food, “that you have a thing for Tachibana.”

Haru clenches his fists around his chopsticks. “No, I don’t.”

Sousuke shows genuine surprise at his statement. “No?”

“No,” Haru repeats more firmly.

It isn’t like he hasn’t thought about it. Haru has always believed both girls and boys were good looking, never really questioned his affinity for big shoulders or slender ones. There are a few female students at his school who are enamored with him, and a few male students who have offered to take him out for food during breaks or after classes.

“You’re not unpleasant to look at,” Sousuke comments off-handedly, expression neutral. The way he words it makes Haru bristle for more than one reason.

“What about you and Rin? Don’t you like him?” Haru asks as he piles pineapple on top of his mackerel.

“I don’t think it’s mutual.” For some reason, Sousuke sounds almost sad. Distant.

Haru plays with a grain of rice on his tongue before he speaks again. “When your shoulder heals properly, you’ll be able to ask him in person.”

There’s a sudden clatter, and it takes a moment for Haru to realize that Sousuke has narrowly missed dropping his own bowl of rice. Haru stops short, his penchant for speaking his mind to Makoto at nearly every opportune moment giving him little in the way of a proper filter for his words. Sousuke is different, he knows, but the ease is oddly there. 



Sousuke doesn’t talk for what seems like the longest moment in Haru’s life.

“…I’m going to disappoint him,” he says quietly, the pain and guilt on his face startling Haru.

“It’s your life,” Haru finds himself replying. “You should do as you please with it. Rin will be proud either way.”

When Haru’s gaze meets Sousuke’s, there’s something there that he can’t quite place.

“You really believe that?” His voice is small, much too small for his intimidating size.

“Yeah.”

As a smile slowly spreads across Sousuke’s face, Haru doesn’t miss the way his heart clenches.

“I knew there was a reason Rin liked you so much. I may have to change my opinion about