Her senses were telling her these people weren’t like the others. “I’m not a princess. I am His Majesty’s goddaughter, but that’s only because His Majesty Yuuri is nice to everyone.”

                “We don’t care about the Ma—I mean, that’s not the point here.” One of the men crouched down to her eye-level and tried to take her hand. She whipped it away and leapt another two steps back. His face turned a faint pink under that scraggly beard, but he was just embarrassed, not angry. It kind of made her feel guilty. If he was trying to tempt her, or if his intentions were hostile, he would have shown a bit more spark. Now he just looked like a little boy who got rejected.

                “Princess, I apologize if we scared you, but—”

                “Why do you keep calling me princess?” Her eyes narrowed again, and she remembered. “If it’s because Lord Weller is my father, he’s not a prince anymore, so—”

                “That’s not true! He will always be a prince—no, a king of Dai Shimaron!”

                …Eh?

                “Prin—Young Miss, you didn’t know? He didn’t tell you?”

                Julie thought about what her father talked to her about. Whenever they met, it was usually for sword training, or he and Mama argued again and he would either be ranting or pleading her to talk to Mama for him. Whatever she knew of his past, she heard from Mama or His Majesty, or from hints Uncle Wolfram and Uncle Gwendal left. And Grandma Cheri’s fond stories, but that was mostly of when he was a teenager.

                He made a point never to talk about sad stuff when he was with her. That was how she deduced that his past was sad.

                “Then you don’t know! You don’t know that in your veins runs the blood of Shimaron’s ancient royal family!”

                She was… royalty? Julie stared at her hands. She didn’t feel royal. Did Kari feel anything different?

                And what did being royalty mean? Her eyes twinkled in concentration as she brought to mind everything Mama taught her about Dai Shimaron politics. Is this why Mama never brought her to missions in Dai Shimaron? Because he knew they would recognize her eyes?

                “The Dai Shimaron king... is King Belar, right?” Isn’t he our enemy? No one said as much to her, but his name brought up this tension whenever it was mentioned. As a spy-in-training, she would have to kiss her dream goodbye if she couldn’t sense that much.

                “Of course, of course.” The man talking to her – the style of his fancy clothes proved to her that he was from Dai Shimaron – waved her childish comment off impatiently. “But we—some people believe that it should be your father in that castle, on that throne.”

                Suddenly her blood ran cold. “You want Pa—my father to be your king? Is that why you’re here?”

                “Smart girl.” The Dai Shimaron minister rubbed her hair affectionately, and she resisted the urge to chop his hand off. Keep calm, keep calm… Keep him talking. “We’ve asked and asked, but he wouldn’t leave the Maou. Do you think you could talk to him for us, princess? Then both of you can come live in Dai Shimaron with us. It’s a lot safer there.”

                “That’s not what Mama says.”

                “Your mother… Ah. The half-mazoku spy.” He pursed his lips, then quickly realized his look was one of disapproval. “I-I mean, it’s not like I don’t like your mother—”

                “It’s okay. Plenty of people don’t like Mama.” And he doesn’t care, as long as I like him.

                The man looked relieved. “I see. Well, but isn’t that dangerous for you? I don’t suppose you remember, but oh, the chaos when word got out that Conanshia prince had threatened you! You, our helpless newborn princess! Then he had the nerve to ask us for help!”

                Julie fancied she could hear Ian sneezing into the wok at the bar.

                “And besides, this is no place for you to grow up.” The man’s voice turned gentle in a way that made her frown. “You don’t have maryoku, do you? You inherited your parents’ human blood. You’re human.”

                I’m… I’m what I choose to be. Her gaze hardened. And I choose to be mazoku. It didn’t matter that she didn’t have maryoku. Like both her parents, if her heart called Shin Makoku home, it was good enough for King Yuuri. It was good enough for her friends and family. Even though she did know that half her blood was human, she was vaguely offended to be called