the way, he’s really cute, and he has a really big- oh hey Niall!” He interrupted himself and waved at Niall, who was suddenly sitting next to Liam. Liam couldn’t help but be a little bit glad that Niall was here because Louis was a whirlwind, and Liam couldn’t keep up with him in this state.

“I see you’ve met Li!” Niall greeted enthusiastically, looking at Louis.

“Yeah, I was just telling him about Harry, and that-” Louis started off again, but Niall simply cut him off in the middle of his sentence.

“Yeah, did he have something today? I asked him if he wanted to come along but he said he couldn’t.” Niall asked Louis, and Louis smiled so big that his face looked like it would split in two.

“Yes, he is performing together with his band in this club down the street. Do you want to go there?” He turned to Liam again. “Then you can meet him! My shift ends in-” he looked at is watch. “-fifteen minutes. Wanna go? I can get my mates to cover the last part of my shift, no problem.” He turned around and walked off to arrange everything without waiting for an answer.

“Guess we are going to another club.” Niall said with a grin.

+++

When they stopped in front of the building, Liam thought it was a joke. The neon letters were falling off, the paint was chipping and the crack in the window was fixed with duct tape. It was only when they stepped inside that he could see that it was actually nice. The people were sitting in booths or at the bar, unlike where they came from, where everyone was dancing. The music came from a small stage in the back, where a group of four was playing. The singer was a tall, green-eyed man with long, curly hair that reached his shoulders. Behind the drums was a blonde guy, and the piano was played by a shorter brown-haired dude. What caught his attention though, or better said, who, was the guitarist.

It was a man a little shorter than he was, and thin, even though you could see that he had muscles in the black shirt he was wearing. He had a bit of scruff and long, black hair tied back in a bun. His cheekbones were amazing and his jawline was just unfair. Liam couldn’t see the exact colour of his eyes, but it looked brownish. His arms and the part of his chest you could see were painted with ink, and Liam had the urge to lick them. He quickly thought about different things because that was not appropriate.

He focused on the singer, who had a surprisingly deep voice, and found that he could actually sing really well. Louis led Niall and him to a booth just next to the stage and ordered some more drinks for them. When the band had finished a few more songs they came off stage and new music started playing from the stereos.

The singer and the gorgeous guitarist walked their way, and slid into the booth with Louis.

“Hey babe.” The singer, who Liam guessed was Harry, greeted Louis and kissed him. Then, he turned to the rest of the table. “Hey Niall, and Liam?” he said hesitantly. Liam nodded and looked over at the guitarist, who was surprisingly already looking at him.

“’m Zayn.” The guitarist said with a small smile. Liam wanted to kiss it off.

He definitely needed another drink.  

+++

The first thing Liam noticed when he woke up was that someone was hitting him over and over again on the head with a hammer. The second thing he noticed was that the lights were too fucking bright. The third thing he noticed was that he wasn’t alone.

“What the fuck?” He whispered, but winced anyway because it only made his headache worse. Next to him, in his bed, was the gorgeous guitarist of last night, Zayn, sound asleep. His headache was too bad to actually think, so he opened his bedside drawer as silently as he could and grabbed the ibuprofen that was always there. After some rummaging around he also found a half-filled water bottle and quickly took two of the pills to cure his hangover.

When he looked down again, he noticed that Zayn was starting to stir. Before long, he opened his eyes, and promptly shut them again. Liam waited for a few seconds and then softly touched his arm, making his eyes snap open again. Without a word, Liam offered the almost-empty water bottle and ibuprofen. With a grateful look Zayn took it and swallowed the pills.

They were silent for a few minutes, and when finally the headaches started to drift away a bit, Liam broke the silence.

“So.” He said awkwardly. “Do you have any idea how we got here?” Zayn shook his head, then stopped, and looked at Liam thoughtfully.

“I think it has something to do with Louis. Like, didn’t he dare