shake this strange unsettling feeling. It was too good to be true. 

“Oh, yeah. From what we've seen you would” at that Rick got skeptical and a bit confused and it must have shown on his face because the Alexandrians were laughing goodheartedly.
“We saw your interview tape” the first woman, Ivett Rick though her name was, explained.
He forced himself to smile at their joke.

His hearing was still finely tuned to hear approaching Walkers at night so it was easy to hear the front door open and close hesitantly.
Automatically he looked to check and a knot he did not know was inside his stomach loosed. It was Daryl. He came after all and Rick felt always better when he knew where Daryl was or even better when he was within his line of sight.

With an almost not noticeable nod Daryl acknowledged him and then shuffled silently into the background. Out there Daryl could be invisible, if he did not want to be seen you would not even imagine he was right behind you. In here on the other side, Daryl stood out like a sore thumb.

Daryl spend most of his time outside the wall. Rick could not help himself but to compare Daryl's restlessness to that of a caged wild animal. He felt out of place and the Alexandrians felt the same way. Rick liked them less, distrusted them more just because of how unwelcome they where towards Daryl.
Since Daryl choked that Guy that was about to attack Glen everyone seemed to avoid him even more than they already did due to seeing him walk around with the shot opossum.

“We don't want to hog you all night” the group in front of him made place for a couple maybe a bit older than Deanna.
“Hi, I'm Rosemary and this is my husband Edgar”
“Nice to meet you” Rick said and shook hands with them.
“I heard you became our new constable. Congratulations” Edgar added with an honest smile. They seemed likable.
“Thanks, yeah. Michonne and I are happy to contribute” that was a good answer and also true, more or less.
“I'm sorry but your daughter is so precious” Rosemary changed the topic and patted Judith in a very grandmotherly fashion.

That's how the evening had gone by the entire time. People coming and gushing over Judith. As her father he was surely the last person to say his daughter was anything other short of beautiful and a treasure, also babies or even toddlers where a rare sight these days but did that really excuse all of them to just touch Judith like a doll?
In his eyes, no it did not.
Looking over told him Daryl thought “Hell no! Keep ya hands of'a her”.

“She has been a bit fuzzy the whole night” Rick apologized to the couple and shifted Judith into his other arm out of Rosemary's reach.

But apparently Rosemary had been the last straw and now Judith was getting more fretful, grumpy and uncomfortable by the minute. He rocked back and forth and tried to shush her but nothing helped. The parents in the room shot him knowing glances and tried to ignore the whiny girl.

On top of that Deanna had to come over and politely demand a conversation with him. She sure was bossy, he had no problem picturing her as a congresswoman.
“Come Rick. I want you to meet someone” she said and already turned half around, used to people obeying her.
“Alright, I just have ta give Judith to someone else. 's been a lot for her.” Deanna just nodded.

She said she was trying to figure Daryl out. Rick could barely conceal his grin at that thought. No matter how good you were, it was very difficult to truly figure his lover out. He knew first hand.
So Deanna and every Alexandrian in here was in for a big surprise. And not coincidentally at all would  it cause a great distraction for Carol to sneak into the armory.

As if she knew about her role Judith let out another little whine fidgeting in his arms. Waking across the room, around different groups of people Rick headed to a more secluded area.
On his way he passed Maggie talking with Glenn and Noah and an Alexandrian, Rosita and Eugene and the place where not five minutes ago Carol had stood. Ignoring them all he went straight towards Daryl.

“People won't stop pinching and patting her cheeks. She might already dislike this place enough for all of us” Rick tried a very bad joke.
“Pro'ly, an she might feel yer anxious ass 's not trusting these people” Daryl commented.
“I'm not anxious, we already talked about this, I'm being cautious-”
“Rick, chill. Give 'er ta me an get ya ass over there. I wanna get out a here.” Rick could not help but smile at Daryl for his care. He was aware that Daryl just said he would wait for Rick to finish with Deanna and then take him and their daughter home to have some time alone.

He did not realize that much he needed alone-