glare and failed. Yawning, he grumbled, "What's the problem? I'm sleeping."

"I am very sorry to have to rouse you at such an hour, young master," Sebastian said, "but Edward Crowley would like to speak with you."

In an instant, Ciel was awake. He stared at Sebastian. "He's here?"

"Yes," Sebastian said. The butler was already pulling clothing out of the wardrobe that stood against the far wall. "He is currently in the sitting room, along with Basil Rosier."

Ciel sat up properly and swung his legs over the edge of the bed. "When did they arrive? Wait. Sebastian, why did you allow them in?"

"They arrived only a few moments ago." Sebastian unbuttoned Ciel's nightshirt and quickly replaced it with a dress shirt. "I thought it best not to turn them away..."

Ciel nodded.

"... especially since they have a hostage."

"What?"

"When I answered the door, I discovered Mr. Crowley and his companion standing in the rain. They were escorting Finny, who appeared to be unconscious. A gun was being pressed to his temple. They apparently felt that this might help them to talk their way into the house," Sebastian told Ciel as he helped him into a pair of shorts. "I also do not believe that knocking on the front door would have been their preferred method of assault if they intended to murder you outright, therefore I permitted them entry. I suspect that they captured Finnian as he finished his duties this evening, as I personally have not seen him since dinner."

"That would mean that they've been watching the house for some time. At least for a portion of today," Ciel said. His eyes studied Sebastian, tracing over his face in the darkness. "You didn't notice their presence?"

"No, young master, I did not," Sebastian said, his voice quiet. Gloved hands worked quickly, studiedly fastening buttons and straightening clothing. Socks and garters were fastened without a second thought. Shoes were slipped into place and properly buckled. All the while, Sebastian watched his master's face.

Even though it was early, Ciel looked as awake and alert as if it were the middle of the day. Even though the young earl was not looking at anything in particular, Sebastian knew that he was going over everything that he knew about Edward Crowley and the current situation. Many a police detective could learn a thing or two from the detail and study that Ciel Phantomhive put into his assignments, especially the ones that he personally became entangled with. For a boy of only thirteen, Ciel had every bit as much dedication as a man twice his age.

Sebastian had been silently dreading the trip to Tonbridge the next day. He had not been anxious to have his young master anywhere near the two assailants that had so recently stolen the boy's life. He had hoped that they might have a little more time before that happened. After all, Ciel had been seriously injured. While those injuries had been treated and he was recovering quickly, even for a human, he was still not in an ideal condition. Sebastian wanted to be certain that Ciel would be able to hold his own if the need arose. He disliked the fact that not only was his young master still injured, but that the very cause of those injuries was in the sitting room of the Phantomhive mansion at that very moment. With the trip to Tonbridge, he had hoped that they might have another week. Instead, they would be facing the two people that Sebastian had been hoping to avoid after only a few moments.

Ciel Phantomhive had dealt with criminals of all shapes and sizes before. Sebastian was well aware of that fact, and the boy had his complete confidence on such matters. In more than one case, Ciel himself had been held hostage. However, they had never been in a situation where their opponent had been an unusually tough human who had a demon at his side. Sebastian had not told his master of Basil Rosier's true nature. He had hoped that there was a chance that the subject would never need to be discussed. Demons frequently stayed out of human notice. After all, the last thing that a demon needed was to be discovered. While most humans would not be able to destroy a demon, they could certainly make their life a living hell. When a demon made a spectacle the way that Edward Crowley and Basil Rosier had done with their cultists and sacrifices at Tonbridge, the demon involved would typically move on before they had been detected. This was clearly not the case this time.

Easing a cravat around his master's neck, Sebastian tied a bow in the ribbon. When he finished, he kneeled down in front of the bed to fasten the buttons on his master's jacket. Ciel watched him quietly. "Sebastian?"

"Yes, young master?"

"Why do you seem so distracted?"

"My apologies, young master," Sebastian said, "I am not distracted. I am simply thinking."

Sebastian glanced up at the boy that