loves a monster, and I can't lose my best friend."

Tony sat opened-mouthed and the others stared as awkwardness filled the room.

"I think Dr. Banner needs to go to bed," Steve broke into the heavy silence.  

He walked over to the plastered physicist, scooped him up in his arms, and made a hasty retreat to the elevator as he sheepishly added, "Sleep it off, right?  Clearly that's what he needs."

"Wow," Clint commented as the elevator doors closed behind Steve.

Natasha and Tony nodded their agreement; Tony looking more than a little lost.

"Is it not wonderful!  Now that their love for each other has finally been proclaimed!" Thor shouted joyfully.

"That's not how this works, Thor," Tony responded numbly.  "Bruce was drunk.  He had no idea what he was saying, and I . . ."

"Oh come on, Stark.  You feel the same way about him and you know it," Natasha challenged raising an eyebrow knowingly.

"She's right.  What was that tonight at dinner about mother-henning him into eating so he didn't lose any more weight?" Clint commented.

"Are you not always the first by his side when he returns to his healer form from his warrior self?" Thor questioned.

"Yeah, but I can fly.  It just means that I can usually get there first," Tony argued.

"Tell me you don't push your thrusters to capacity to be by his side the moment you hear he's changing back," Clint challenged with a smirk.

"I-" Tony stuttered.

"And you built him a high-tech lab that probably cost more than the GDP of some countries," Natasha added.

"I did stuff for all of you.  I built each of you a floor.  I built a sparring gym for you guys, an archery range for Legolas, and specialized arrows, an unbreakable punching bag for Cap, and countless spy gadgets for you and your super spy twin," Tony countered, though he was clearly flustered.

"But, may I point out, sir, that you designed Dr. Banner's lab and floor before you did anyone else's, and you made sure they were completed first," JARVIS intoned.

"J, you traitor, whose side are you on?" Tony said in annoyance.

"I am always on your side sir, but I think that it is best if you acknowledge that you have feelings for Dr. Banner.  He clearly cares a great deal for you too," the AI responded levelly.

"Look, even if you were right about my feelings about Bruce, we can't be sure he feels the same way.  He was drunk.  That was 'I love you, man,' only more because he can't handle his mead," Tony sighed as he looked around the room.

"He was definitely intoxicated," Natasha agreed, "but he seemed to be telling the truth."

"You should listen to her, Stark.  Nat has a sixth sense.  She always knows if someone if lying."

"I just . . . I need some time to think.  I'm going to bed," Tony said as he headed toward the elevator.  

This whole situation had brought up a lot of emotions for him, and he was unsure of how to deal with them.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony was awoken the next morning by JARVIS, who informed him that Dr. Banner was awake.

Tony threw on some clothes and hurried down to Bruce's floor.  He hesitated at the door, but after a moment let himself in, and rushed to the kitchen where he set out a bottle of water and some aspirin on the counter.  Then, he took out a frying pan and started cooking hash browns and eggs.  He didn't really cook, but frying up hash browns, eggs and bacon had been an important part of his hangover cure in his early twenties.

He was serving the fried breakfast food onto a plate when Bruce padded into the kitchen with a groan.  He looked over at Tony, back at the floor, and the jerked his head back up to look at Tony.

"Did you make me breakfast?" Bruce asked groggily as he took the plate that Tony offered him.

"Yep.  I figured you probably weren't feeling the greatest after getting plastered last night.  Speaking of, this might help with that too," Tony said as he handed Bruce the aspirin and water.

"Thanks," Bruce said as he downed the pills.  

"So, how are you feeling?" Tony asked tentatively.

Bruce groaned, "Like I hulked out, got hit by a truck, and then hulked out again."

"We all were a little surprised how potent that stuff was.  No one except Thor left anything less than tipsy, and no one had more than a tankard and a half.  We're talking Cap, who can't get drunk on alcohol from Earth, a Russian spy who probably drank vodka out of her baby bottle, and Clint and I who are major drunken reprobates," Tony commented with