Shut up," Squinty Guy retorts. He gives Lady Robber a hand out of the SUV and then strips off his ski mask as soon as he turns away. Jensen gets a glimpse of spiky blond hair before the back door slams shut.

"God, what an idiot," Jay mutters. "You'd think he'd never done this before."

"You've done this before?" Jensen asks.

Jay sighs. "Just drive."

He gets back on the freeway and goes for about ten miles before Jay directs him to an exit that's a county road with a No Services sign. They go for about ten minutes out into the woods, until Jay directs him to pull into a parking lot behind an old, abandoned motel. Around the back of the building, he says, "Stop the car."

When Jensen turns off the ignition, he realizes suddenly just how quiet and isolated it is out here, and for the first time all night, a frisson of fear shimmers down his spine. He clutches the steering wheel, and he can't bring himself to look in Jay's direction.

"I'm not going to hurt you, Jensen," Jay says in a low, reassuring voice. "I promise."

It's really dark, and Jensen can only see the glint of Jay's eyes. But when Jay opens the glove compartment and deliberately puts in the gun inside before closing it again, Jensen relaxes a fraction. Then Jay gives him a quick smile. "But I do need you to get out of the car."

Jensen does as he's told, slamming the door shut and stepping back, stumbling a bit on the cracked asphalt under his feet. It's cooler out here than it was in town, a breeze rustling the leaves overhead and making him shiver in his now-sweaty white dress shirt. There's the burble of a brook nearby, but no sounds of cars from the road out front or the more distant interstate.

Jay comes around the front of the SUV. His sleeves are pushed back, well-muscled forearms set off by that nice watch. He probably looks amazing under that black shirt and jeans, Jensen thinks, then mentally shakes his head. At this point, he just wants to get out of this in one piece.

"Sorry it's a long walk back into town," Jay says. "There's a bike path down by the stream, though. Probably safer than walking on the road."

Jensen snorts. "Thanks for being concerned about my safety."

"I really am sorry about this." Jay sounds as apologetic as a six-and-a-half-foot guy dressed in black and wearing a ski mask who just committed robbery can be. "But we gotta get a head start out of town. After—well, you don't really know my name, but still."

"I get it." He gives Jay a weak smile. "Thanks for letting me go."

"Shit, of course!" Jay comes closer. The nearly full moon is rising behind him, meaning he can see Jensen's face clearly while he himself is in shadow. "Sorry if we scared you."

"It's all right." Jensen's smile turns rueful. "Most excitement I've had in ages."

Jay snorts. "Yeah, I bet."

Jensen still can't make out even a hint of his expression, so when Jay quickly dips his head and presses his mouth to Jensen's, Jensen gives a surprised squeak. Jay's hand comes up to cup Jensen's jaw, and he grabs onto Jay's wrist to ground himself at the completely unexpected but suddenly welcome touch of his mouth.

Jay's kissing widely enough that the fabric of his ski mask is stretching around their mouths, the tight press of the knit fabric harsh on Jensen's lips. Jensen leans up into it anyway, pressing his mouth harder to Jay's as he keeps his fingers curled around Jay's wrist.

When Jay finally pulls back, there's a soft snick as their wet lips part. It's the only sound in the still parking lot except the thump of Jensen's heart in his chest. He looks up, eyes wide at what just happened, lips parting as if to take it all in, and Jay groans and dives at him again, both big hands now taking hold of Jensen's head to angle him in just the right way.

All Jensen can do is hang on, first through the kiss and then through being slammed back against the driver's door of the SUV. Metal and glass are pressing against his back, but Jay is pressing against his front, one long line of hard flesh and muscle that Jensen instinctively arches up against. He grabs at Jay's back, tugging his shirt out of his pants to get his hands on that broad back and shoulders, and Jay murmurs his approval as Jensen's hands wander over what feels like acres of warm skin.

He pulls back to catch his breath,