the night is still young,” she replied lowly, “Have I done something wrong?”

“Nothing that the average will notice,” she demurred. “Your progress is satisfactory. While you still have much to do, that will now be down in your own time.”

Kara shoved the confusion down, willing her lips not to part in reaction to that statement. “What do you mean by that, shishō?”

“Surely you have the capacity to decipher what I mean, Kara. I have taught you better than that.”

“Lesson two: read underneath the underneath,” she recited quietly, her index finger pulling at a string. Of course she wouldn’t forget. “Can I presume that your given time limit is up?”

There was more disappointment in her than she thought she would have but the time-traveller has always formed emotional attachments too quickly. It was her strongest weapon and yet… it was her biggest fault.

“The arrangement’s time limit,” Tamamo corrected coldly. “I suppose it was foolish of me to think that you would not become dependent on something that was meant to be temporary.” But her hand lifted to caress her cheek. “Although I must concede that you were a good student – better than any I could have asked for. The Hokage has chosen well and he has kept his promises.”

The silence hung between them to prolong the moment.

She sighed. “Alas, I must keep my words. I have better morals than some and I would prefer to keep it that way.” Her kimono shifts as she pulled out a white scroll, placing it on the ground. “This mission will determine your fate as a Shinobi in Konoha’s system. It might determine your life and death, but I trust that you will not fail. Use what I have taught you well—“she exhaled, shoulders loosening—“and show them what it means to be Konoha’s Deceit.”

“Shishō, you can’t mean—“eyes widening, the words tumble out,

“I mean what I said,” she intercepted, her tone patient. “Do not make me repeat myself twice. You have not made me do so in the span of our lessons, there is no need to ruin my impression of you by starting now.”

This might be the second and last time she will bow to this teacher who has given her as much as others had. No – Tamamo Ezume has given her more in this life than anyone else can.

“You honour me,” her voice trembles because both of them understand what she was giving. “I will do you proud. I will not sully the reputation you have built.”

She made her lift her head. “That is all I can ask of you. Go.”

“Understood.”

 


Omake: The Conundrum about Birthdays


Hatake Kakashi hated birthdays.

But who could blame him when his experiences with them were at extremities and it was the terrible that tend to make a bigger impression?

For first five years of his life – he doesn’t really remember the first two, so three – his father had been mostly absent. The first year it was seeing him minutes before it ended, the second no because he was out a mission and the third – well, was there really a need to elaborate?

His birthdays were usually spent alone with books and thundering silence as his company and occasionally his ninken that did not want him to be alone.

But come the sixth – he had no father, now an orphan with a blackened name, with a wish that the mask would stayed glued to his face.

He spent that birthday alone (again), with the Chūnin certificate in his hands, with no one to show it to. What was the point of trying so hard when he was gone gone gone – far from his reach, in the Great Village, the distance immeasurable although it was only six feet beneath. He doesn’t think that the Hokage would be pleased if he burnt his certification and the dead didn’t need it anyway. Paper was always for the living.

Perhaps the other half of his birthdays were better. His seventh to tenth was spent with his teacher and subsequently his teammates and maybe, just maybe it wasn’t so bad.

He would never really understand why cake was a requisite (it was so sweet) or the need to buy frivolous candles according to age (what were you going to do if you were eighty-nine? That’s a lot of one-time usage candles) but he supposed he would be better off not questioning tradition. If it made Kushina-nee happy, he was going to keep his mouth shut.

He wasn’t about to take away her happiness when it comes to planning, especially when she gave it some significance when he was nine.

“We celebrate your birthday because we are glad you were born today. We continue celebrating it because it means you’re still here with us and that’s all that matters, ‘ttebane.”

(He would rather die than admit that it made him really happy to hear that.)

Essentially, Hatake Kakashi was not one to ponder