untoward with her before we left the bar?


He does not recall leaving the establishment, but vaguely remembers that Justice and her employer were there in the beginning, and that others joined before his memory suffered from a brown-out. Already imagining the rumor mill spreading stories about him having taken the fall for her for nefarious motives, he would almost prefer facing the executioner today to the current situation.

***

When Athena finds her way to something resembling wakefulness, she immediately wishes she had not. Her tongue feels dry and heavy in her mouth, and her head seems to be caught in a too-tight band of heated metal. She clenches her eyes shut as the tiniest movement unsettles her stomach, only to slowly realize that she is hearing another heartbeat, another breathing pattern next to her in bed.

Forcing herself to open her eyes again, she immediately sees that she is not wearing her pajamas, and when her gaze falls on the person whose presence she sensed, she is mortified.


Oh. Oh god. We didn’t…?


Unfortunately, there is no way she can convince herself of the opposite; not only is he in her bed, her habit of hogging the blanket has exposed his side (though thankfully not his groin), showing her that he is not wearing anything, either.

Athena has always prided herself on never losing control when drinking alcohol, but in light of everything that happened yesterday, it was apparently too much to ask for last night.

Back during her childhood, Simon was a much-needed friend, something like an older brother to her. When she finally came face to face with him again in court eight months ago, they had been almost complete strangers to each other, drifted apart after seven years of secrets, lies, and trauma. And now, she has probably ruined every chance at bridging this gap and restoring their prior friendship by getting them both falling-down drunk and doing that with him. Not remembering anything only makes the situation more embarrassing.

Heck, we didn’t even talk all that much last night, and our meetings at court were not exactly filled with friendly conversations…he must think the worst of me for jumping him the moment he got out of his shackles.

Athena wishes she could just pull the blanket over her head and wish this morning into oblivion. However, even in her current state, she knows that that is not an option.

Instead, she decides to face up to her mistake, hoping beyond hope that he does at least not hate her now.

***

“Um… hi.”

Athena’s voice is hoarse and hesitant when it reaches Simon’s ears. When he turns toward her, he does so a little too fast, the renewed pain pounding away behind his forehead making him wince.

She looks to be as devastated by hangover as he feels, complexion sallow, eyes reddened. Her expression can only be described as apprehensive.

Carefully holding the blanket against her chest to avoid exposing herself, she quietly says, “I… I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to…”

Simon closes his eyes for a moment. “That makes two of us.”

Suddenly, he remembers something rather vital, and he once again directs his gaze at her, now more than a little concerned. “Tell me we at least used some sort of protection.”

Athena’s eyes widen “I… I don’t know, I don’t remember…”

She quickly turns toward the small waste basket next to the bed.

Noticing a used condom among the tissues and crumpled-up sheets of paper, she attempts to nod, only for her stomach to suddenly heave painfully.

As she contorts once more, trying to keep from vomiting, she feels Simon’s hand pulling her hair out of the way, and gratefully takes hold of the lined plastic container to let go of what little her stomach contains.

When Athena is finished, she wipes her mouth with a Kleenex and once more turns to face him. “Yeah, there’s a rubber in the trash. God, I’m sorry...”

Simon sighs as he closes his eyes, one hand running across his face in obvious anguish. “Not as sorry as I am for taking advantage of you.”

Her lower lip begins to tremble. “I ruined everything, didn’t I?”

His expression is puzzled as he looks at her once more. “If anyone managed to ruin things, it would be me. I should have known better than to drink this much.”

Athena’s eyes fill with tears. “I suggested drinking in the first place, and now we went and did this, and neither one of us even remembers, and who knows what Apollo and Klavier and the boss and everyone saw us doing last night before we left… argh!”

She knows in her heart of hearts that she is responsible for every bit of embarrassing behavior they might have indulged in last night, and the thought of Simon distancing himself from her over it when only just freed from the need to pretend to be a cold-blooded killer for her sake is too much to bear.

Her anxiety and her