the Japanese. Or my face,” she added, already feeling her cheeks start to burn.

    Ironically, it was they that appeared offended. “We weren’t making fun of you.”

    “Then you were saying things rude. Next time you may not get gum.”

    "Yeesh, aren’t (nationality) supposed to be fun-loving?”

    “Are not the Japanese polite?” she snapped irately. Her hand flew to her mouth with a smack, shocked at herself. “S-s-s-s-s-s--,” she began. “S-s-s-s,” Of all the times, her stammer had to come out now. She screwed her eyes shut with concentration. “S-s-s-s-s-s.”

    Her eyes flickered open at the scraping sound of the twins turning their chairs to face her desk. Aw, man, they were settling down residence. Just to experience her humiliation in all its glory.

    “S-s-s-su-m-m-mimasen,” she gasped out. “I have say rude things. Nihon is still very new, and has there lots of persons who are of me better, so sometimes I get scared and say rude things. I have acted rude. G-g-g-g,” tears prickled at the corners of her eyes. “Gomenasai.”

    “…and we’re supposed to be the polite ones?”

    (Name) looked up from her wringing hands in surprise. The real-life mirror images were leaning with their arms against her desk, wearing the same concerned face. They glanced at each other, then turned to her.

    “We tease people a lot--” one started.

    “—but usually it’s only people who are asking for it--” the other continued.

    “—or our friends, you know, people we--”

    “—feel comfortable around, and I guess--”

    “—you’re super comfortable to be around?” they finished in unison, looking surprised at their own words. They sheepishly slid their gazes away from her. “So, sorry if we’re too mean or whatever.”

    (Name) blinked at them, quickly swallowing what might’ve become a breakdown. Oh. Huh. They’re nicer than they look. No, that wasn’t right. They’re nicer than the front they put up. Of course, they are highschool boys, so it goes without saying that they’re silly and clumsy. And they said ‘comfortable’? Clumsily sweet, silly boys. Even at the decision to forget about the whole ordeal, (Name) couldn’t stop one haughty little comment from slipping out.

    “Is it that you will say thank you for the gum?”

    They blinked at her, surprised. Then their lips curled into identical grins. “Arigatou-gozaimasu, Hime-sama.”

    Without warning, a long giggle jumped from deep inside her chest. “Doitashimashite,” she said between chuckles. “Shinshi,” she added with a twinkle in her eyes.

    “So, uh,” their faces softened to more amiable expressions. “Need any help with your reading?”

    “Oh, ah, well,” (Name) stammered, flustered. She was awful embarrassed of her Japanese, and these were troublemaking boys…could she really trust them not to laugh? She sighed and laid her book down flat to a page. “…This word here. What is its meaning?”

    They peered hard at the novel for a long time, before apparently deciding that they couldn’t read upside down and scooting so that they were on her side of the desk, one twin on either side of her, leaning close to her to read her book.

    “Wait, you can’t read that?” One said, incredulous.

    “Kanji is difficult! I cannot make sounds for kanji!” she replied rather hotly.

    The other one shook his head. “But that is, like, such an easy word!”

    (Name) pouted. “You said you were to be nice…”

    “But—okay, the word is ‘run’.” The first one sighed.

    “Eh?”

    “Run! Like this: Jik-ko su-ru,” the second one sounded out slowly for her.

    “Oh! Yes! I know that word, but not how to read! Thank you, er, uh…” she paused then looked between the both of them. “What are your names?”

    They gaped at her for a few moments, and then burst out in chaotic laughter. “Pff! What are our names…nice one!”

    (Name) stared at them. She shook her head. “Rich people and theatrics.”

    “Wait,” they stopped dead, looking at her in alarm. “You mean you really don’t know?!”

    “I have been here in country for two week. I cannot learn all in two week.” she giggled at their dumbfounded expressions. “Is it that you are saying you did not know?”

    “Uh…yeah,” The second one said, braving a shy smile. “No idea.”

    “Yeah