end of the line. "Unless this is an emergency I…"

"Rodney," John says huskily into the mouthpiece as he gives himself a long slow stroke. "What's up?"

Rodney sighs. "Me," he says. "Painfully so. Was there anything special you wanted or were you just calling to gloat?"

John runs a hand over his chest, under the shirt, and pinches his own nipples. "How are you doing?" he asks.

There's a grunt and the sound of more heavy breathing. "How do you think I'm doing?" Rodney growls. "I'm…ah… damn horny alien bitch, I'm going to have blisters in some very uncomfortable places tomorrow, that's how I'm doing. Now leave me alone and don't call again unless the city's in danger of blowing up within the next fifteen minutes. On second thought, don't call me, call Zelenka."

"Wanna know what I'm doing?" John interrupts. He raises his hips from the bed so he can reach better, but the angle's all wrong and his fingers are slimmer than Rodney's. It's not the same.

Rodney's breath is coming faster and faster and there's the unmistakable sound of a slick palm against skin. "Figuring out how to achieve world peace? Coming up with a cure for the common cold? Communing with your… oh, god… your stupid… hair?"

"I'm touching myself and thinking about you," John says.

There's a sharp hitch in Rodney's breath and then he's groaning, "Oh… you… you're, I…oh my god!" and then all John can hear is the sounds of Rodney coming and it's almost enough to send him over the edge as well.

"You liked that, didn't you?" John asks with a smirk, squeezing his cock hard to keep from coming.

"You are an evil evil man," Rodney pants. "And I still blame you."

"Want me to come over?" John says, and then, before Rodney has time to protest, "No, wait. I'm coming over whether you want me to or not. So, you know, if you really don't want me there, just keep the door locked or something."

"I hate you so much," Rodney moans before he breaks the connection. John stands and coaxes himself back into his pants. He has a feeling he won't find Rodney's door locked this time.

~ * ~

John has barely entered Rodney's room before he finds himself pressed up against a wall with Rodney's tongue halfway down his throat. It's rough, sloppy and messy, and so hot that John is embarrassingly close to coming in his pants. When he pulls away, he can see that Rodney's eyes are fully dilated, black with just a thin circle of blue, and so full of want that John can't help himself. He turns Rodney around so he's the one with his back to the wall and then goes down to his knees, easing Rodney's sweatpants down. He's not wearing any underwear and his cock is rock hard and dark with blood. John leans forward and licks the head and the clear drop of fluid there and Rodney thrusts forward, forcing his way into John's mouth even as he pants, "Sorry, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to…"

John sits back and looks up at Rodney, who looks utterly debauched, wide-eyed with tiny drops of sweat forming on his brow. "It's okay," John says, licking his lips. "You can fuck my mouth if you want."

Rodney makes a low guttural sound deep down in his throat and thrusts forward again. John opens his mouth wide, taking Rodney in, all of him. Rodney's hands are in John's hair, gripping so hard it almost hurts, but it's so very good. He can feel Rodney slide over his tongue and hit the back of his throat. John has to time his breathing with Rodney's thrusts and he's so turned on that he's a little afraid he'll come right here and now, without as much as a touch on him.

But Rodney comes first, bangs the back of his head against the wall and lets out a strangled scream as John's mouth is flooded with hot and salt. He swallows as much as he can, but some of it trickles down his chin. Rodney's knees buckle and he slides down the wall. John catches him and eases him down onto the floor.

"You're… that was…" Rodney stutters and John has to smile. He's rendered Rodney speechless.

"Were you serious about fucking me over the desk?" he has to ask, just to see Rodney's eyes go unfocused and glaze over again. His cock is still fully erect and