things to do."

      "If you cannot complete the test, we cannot trade," the elder reminded them.

      Sheppard had called a quick huddle outside the elder's hut. "Let's just grab the moss and go. I think the jumper'll make it."

      "Are you certain?" Teyla asked.

      "Sure. What's the worst that could happen?"

      "The worst that could happen is the missing side panel weakens the integrity of the ship and we all explode in a fiery mass," said Rodney. "That or we're all sucked out through a small crack or hole in the lower shell, liquefying our bodies before we even have a chance to explode in space; that might actually be the worst."

      "All right, all right, we'll trade for the metal. But... seriously? Eggs?"

      "This is absolutely without a doubt the most ridiculous hoop we've been made to jump through yet," said Rodney, ignoring the chorus of "What about..."s that followed. He continued his tirade until the others lost interest and wandered inside to accept the challenge.

*

Rodney had held onto both eggs during the remainder of that day's journey, juggling them and his handheld as the others surrounded him with guns ready to protect the scientist and the "babies" from wild animals. This was not an ideal solution, as there had been several near-misses, particularly when Rodney became excited at an anomalous energy reading and went to grab Sheppard's sleeve to get his attention, completely forgetting about the precious cargo in his arms. Luckily Sheppard's lightning reflexes had been ready.

      "I think perhaps we should each take charge of our own eggs," Teyla had said after that. "Separating them will increase the chances that one will survive."

      "It could have happened to anyone," Rodney sulked, but he handed Teyla one of the eggs. Ronon immediately swept it out of her hand and into a pouch at his belt.

      That night as they camped out in a clearing, Rodney sat himself down with a pile of sticks and twines and began to build. "Engineering a highly advanced egg protection system," Rodney explained when John asked what he was doing. "I was champion of the Egg Drop at McDonald High. Or, I should have been, except for--well, but it's all in the past now. I admit I am a little limited as to materials, but I relish a challenge, as you well know."

      "Right," said John.

      "I do not think we should make soup out of our eggs," said Teyla, nervously eyeing the water John was sterilizing in his mess kit.

      "Not egg drop soup," said John, who had become kind of an amazing expert at identifying the source of cultural misunderstandings.

      Ronon and Teyla retreated to their tent first, and Rodney called after them, "Oh, thanks, now we have to look after your kid?"

      "It's just an egg, Rodney," murmured John.

      "Oh, excuse me if I think it's a little traumatic for a child to be abandoned while its parents go beat each other up or have wild monkey sex or whatever it is they--" and John shut him up with a kiss.

      "I think this is more traumatic for little Hypatia," breathed Rodney between kisses.

      "Jesus," muttered John, but he obligingly rotated the egg.

*

John took the first watch and Rodney was strangely touched, when he woke up the next morning, to find that he had placed the eggs into Rodney's protection systems.

      Even more amazing (though Rodney would never admit he was amazed), the contraptions actually worked--through all the stupid jungle adventures that followed, and all the many, many times the eggs were dropped from various heights, they continued to sustain not a scratch, even when the twigs began to snap and the vine threads frayed. "The external frame is absorbing the shock, leaving the eggs unharmed, because I am an engineering genius," Rodney explained, and that sounded about right, so he went with it.

      And now they were returning after not two, but two and a half days with canisters full of healy moss and eggs miraculously intact. John lifted them out of the now sadly battered protection systems and placed them on the table before the elder. "A-okay," he announced.

      "Remarkable," said the elder, lifting one of the eggs as John winced into Rodney's shoulder. Rodney thought for a moment John had become so attached to the egg that he was afraid of letting it be handled by someone else, until the elder shook the egg suspciously and then asked, "Tell me, is it common practice among your people to boil your young?"

*

"I can't believe you boiled our young!" Rodney cried as they tramped back to the fallen jumper.

      "I said I was sorry!"

      "He boiled our young, too," Ronon pointed out.

      "I'm sorry for boiling everyone's young!"

      "I'm not getting into that jumper," said Rodney.

      John sighed and