.

He felt the stranger cup his ass and he moaned into the kiss, but not yet breaking it. The blonde man was the one that detached his mouth from Chanyeol’s.

‘Wanna get out of here…?’ He asked huskily.

Chanyeol shuddered and kisses the man’s jaw. He didn’t know what to do. The man was hot and exactly his type. His type to date. He wasn’t the one night stand kind of person and he didn’t come in the club to become one. He was conflicted beyond reason.

‘I…you…I don’t think. I didn’t come tonight to…I mean I don’t even know you eh…’ He managed to get out as a sort of explanation.

The stranger laughed. Such a beautiful sound.

‘Kris.’ He said.

Chanyeol blinked up at him, confused by the sudden statement.

‘My name is Kris.’ The blonde man cleared up. ‘And you are…’

He almost chocked on his words. ‘Chanyeol.’

Kris smiled his gorgeous smile and caressed Chanyeol’s face gently with one of his very long fingers, tracing his jaw and down the neck, collarbones and chest.

‘Chanyeol…look what I say. We go home, play a little and tomorrow I will treat you a coffee. Hm…what do you say?’

Well, who was Chanyeol to say no to such a preposition? He just nodded dumbly and let Kris lead them out of the club, pushing random people to make them way out.

The brunette man was glad when he could finally feel the night air. He took a few full gulps of fresh air until his lover for the night pulled into an…Audi. What the fuck, who was this beautiful stranger exactly.

The ride was kind of a blur for Chanyeol. He couldn’t remember much until Kris pulled in front of a new apartment complex and dragged outside the car and up the stairs to the second floor.

Kris pushed him into one the wall of the corridor and kissed him with the same intensity he did at the club and once again the shorter man found himself unprepared, but responded nonetheless, fitting his mouth against the other man’s.

They somehow managed to stumble their way into the apartment and into their bedroom. From the flashes of image Chanyeol caught he could tell it was a pretty nice place but ohh those were Kris’ lips on his neck and he kind of lost his train of thoughts.

Kris pushed him on the bed and crawled on top of the younger man, a hand on either side of Chanyeol’s head and pushing his tights so he could rest his knees between the smaller man’s wide open legs.

The blonde man’s lips delved lower and lower on Chanyeol’s body, popping the buttons of his shirts one by one and kissing the pale skin he found underneath the offending white material. The younger man’s breath hitched when Kris’ warm breath reached the hem of his jeans and long, deft fingers started undoing the belt and buttons in order to unzip black washed jeans.

Chanyeol lifted his lower back, assisting Kris in ripping his pants and boxers off his body, leaving him only with his opened shirt and socks. The younger man felt a bit embarrassed for his state of undress seeing Kris’ hungry eyes inspecting his bare skin and proudly standing erection.

The brunette man let out a shuddery moan when Kris wrapped long fingers around his cock and tugged a bit at the foreskin, sending liquid electricity through his body. He started flicking his wrist slowly, pulling and dragging and making Chanyeol grip the sheets and onto the shirt that was still covering the taller man’s chest. Why was he still dressed?

He pulled at the shirt, trying to get Kris to understand what he wanted. Said man halted his movements to look down at the boy underneath him with an eyebrow raised in a silent question. “Off”, Chanyeol muttered and Kris laughed throatily, understanding what the other man wanted.

He released Chanyeol from his hold and took his black wife-beater off in one smooth movement, letting the moon’s light play over form while he took off his jeans and underwear.

Chanyeol felt a small rush of pride when he was the other man was hard as well, only for watching him receiving pleasure. On a second though…whao, the man was big. Chanyeol gulped, how that thing will fit into him anyway.

While the younger man was busy thinking these things, Kris jumped back into action, taking Chanyeol into his hand and jerking him off hard and fast. The boy moaned loudly and thrust his body forward into Kris’ hold, hoping to get more friction that way.

Meanwhile the blonde man found an indescribable and possessive pleasure in marking Chanyeol’s body with little red marks that were sure to be turning purple the next day. When his lips came in contact with pink, hard nubs he playfully bit at one of them, making the smaller man shudder and release a string of helpless sounds that were music to the older man’s ears.

While Chanyeol was preoccupied the hand working