boyfriend concluded.

A silence. Sehun opened his mouth then closed it.

“I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” He ended saying.

“Did something happen when you were younger…?” Chanyeol’s voice was warm, careful. It made Sehun feel safe and he relaxed a little. “No. Not that I remember…”

“Did someone ever force you?” His boyfriend asked. “I’m sorry for asking but just to be sure.”

Sehun shook his head. “No, never. I mean, no one touched me without my consent. Sex had never been good for me but no one forced me.”

Chanyeol looked pensive. “Never?”

“Never. I tried being on top, bottom, I tried having sex while being drunk, I even tried it with girls…It always hurt.” Sehun sighed, frustrated.

Chanyeol looked worried. “It hurts? Where does it hurt?”

“Everywhere, but mostly here.” Sehun confessed, pointing to his chest. “It’s like someone is squeezing my heart really hard. It’s really painful. Sometimes I can’t even breathe.”

Understanding drew on Chanyeol’s face and his gaze softened. “Sehun…” He trailed off, biting his lips. The younger was frowning, a painful expression on his face as he massaged his chest absentmindedly. He looked lost in his thoughts and confused, and it made his boyfriend’s heart hurt.

Chanyeol wanted to ask more, to push the subject but he was afraid to hurt Sehun. His boyfriend already looked so sad, confused and hurt, he didn’t want him to think about it anymore. Sehun had his secrets and Chanyeol respected that. But Chanyeol had a feeling Sehun didn’t even know what secrets he hid and had buried deep inside of him.

 

 

 

 

Not wanting to meddle with Sehun’s life was Chanyeol’s first resolution. But as time passed, he couldn’t just stand here and do nothing, he had to help Sehun one way or another. Sehun could maybe convince himself that it was normal, that it was and would be his life but Chanyeol knew it wasn’t. He didn’t want Sehun to settle for this, he was sure there would be a way to heal him.

He chose to ask Jongin about it, he knew Sehun like the back of his hand so he should be able to help Chanyeol, right?

“So…you wanted to talk about Sehun.” Jongin began cautiously. “Did something happen?”

Chanyeol could see in his expression that he wasn’t that surprised. The younger looked resigned. Maybe this kind of conversation happened before with Sehun’s exes?

“Yes, I…uh…I need to ask you something.” Chanyeol stated. “Do you know if something happened to Sehun when you were younger?”

Frowning, Jongin put down his cup of coffee. “What? What do you mean? Well, Sehun’s parents divorced and it hurt him a lot…That’s why all his relationships are complicated.”

Chanyeol bit his lips, pensive, before shaking his head. “No, it can’t be that simple.”

Jongin arched his eyebrow, annoyed. “What do you mean simple? Are you joking? Sehun ran away from home, he stopped smiling and talking to me, he was angry and hurt and he wouldn’t eat for days, how is that simple?” He snarled.

It made Chanyeol pause before he widened his eyes comically. “No, I didn’t mean it like that. I know it hurt Sehun, but it doesn’t explain why he acts that way.”

“How come? His parents fought a lot, stopped loving each other before splitting, how can Sehun believe in love and relationship?” The younger asked with a sigh.

“Sehun believes in love.” Chanyeol stated firmly. He was confused, it looked like they weren’t talking about the same thing. “Wait, what are you talking about exactly?”

“The fact that he can’t keep a boyfriend around for long because he can’t commit…?” Jongin tried, rubbing his jaw nervously. He looked at Chanyeol with sad puppy eyes. Something clicked.

“Sehun and I, we’re fine. I mean, we’re planning to stay together you know. That’s not what I wanted to talk to you about!” He explained softly.

Jongin visibly deflated and relaxed in his chair. He looked relieved and it made Chanyeol smile. He was happy to see that he was in Sehun’s best friend good grace and that Jongin would be upset if they had broken up. But seeing Jongin’s reaction, Chanyeol concluded that the younger didn’t know about Sehun’s problem. Should he still ask him? Would Sehun be mad? Surely, he would, but Chanyeol needed to do whatever it took to help him.

“Sehun has no problem with the relationship part, Jongin.” He confessed. “It’s the sex part of the relationship that’s fucked up.”

Jongin’s eyes widen and