red his cheeks turn when he lets his head fall onto perrie's breast, cheek pressed into the smooth skin; they must turn even redder when she lets out a whine or moan – he can't tell which.

“you and perrie look very nice together, really.” he says, tongue sliding against his lips; zayn can't take his eyes off the movement. “but i've been waiting for this just as long as me girl here – maybe even longer. so, wouldn't mind having my turn with you now.”

“yeah.” he breathes because – yeah. just yeah. he hadn't really thought about it before – having louis inside of him but now that he is – he wants it. he wants it so bad. he might very well die if he doesn't get it. (he's only a little bit embarrassed about this.)

“great.” he smiles, looks over at perrie with raised eyebrows. “gonna get him naked and ready for me pezza?”

“'course i am,” she says just as louis hand drops from back. “gotta get off me if you want this zaynie,” perrie informs him, patting his bottom softly.

he turns his face into the crease between her breast, sighs, because getting up and off her his the last thing he wants to do right now, really. doesn't know why undressing his such a difficult task while lying down. He does though, slowly, just barely, rolls off her so her lands on his back on the bed beside her. it's a wonder, really, how the three of them fit – he doesn't remember it being this big.

perrie laughs as she sits up, hands at his feet to pull off his boots. “so lazy in bed,” she tsks, leans down to press a kiss on his lips before she's dropping his shoes on the ground. “'s'okay though, i suppose,” she says, pausing to tap zayn's hip to get him to lift them so she can drag his trousers down his legs; it's a little embarrassing, having perrie undress him when he's perfectly capable. he thinks it's also kind of hot, especially with louis beside them, watching carefully. “louis isn't very lazy, 'm sure he'll love doing all the work.” she finishes once she's flung his bottoms across the room. “sit up sweets, gotta get that top off you,”

he does as told, let's perrie pull his shirt over his head after unbuttoning the top two buttons before she's pushing him back on the bed and climbing atop him. “lou?” she says even as she presses her lips against his collarbone. “be a doll and get me the lotion, yeah?” she asks before her tongue joins and lips teeth in leaving her mark on him.

he can't help the whine that leaves his lips when perrie pulls away and presses her finger against the mark before she climbs off him. “turn over, gonna get ya ready now,”

he does do quickly, and when he rest his cheek against the bed, he's met with a pair of bright blue eyes framed by to light of lashes to be perrie's. he's never been this close to louis before – the captain tends to stay away from the crew most times, lets perrie take care of all that. And so it's weird – being this close to louis, having louis right there before him all smooth, tan skin out in the open for zayn to touch if he so wishes. and god, he wants to touch – but he can barley get his gaze down louis chest without turning red, he doesn't think he's be able to touch any better.

“can't wait to get inside you,” louis is saying, pink lips in the form of a blissful smile. “bet your tight, hm? bet you've never been fucked?” he leans forward, close enough the zayn has to go cross-eyed to see him. “am i right? have you never been fucked before, zayn?”

it's just as he says this that he feels the pressure of perrie's index finger push against his entrance, and his whole body tenses up at the feeling. because louis is right – he's never been fucked. hell – the closest he's ever gotten with a girl is a good grope and that hadn't lead to anything at all except him having to get himself off.

“hey,” louis says, voice soft as he runs his fingertips down zayn's side in a way that zayn supposes is supposed to be comforting. really, though, it's anything but. “breathe. relax. let pez in, yeah? it'll feel good, promise. perrie's got a way with her fingers.”

zayn can almost picture the way perrie rolls her eyes at that, but he tries anyway. tries to relax and loosen his body