I didn’t throw it.” Makishima said over his shoulder as he walked towards the doorway. His room mate was going to have to find his own way back, hopefully in one piece. He shrugged as he left the building heading for the dorms. If the guy didn’t show up by tomorrow night he’d consider looking for him.

His room mate did show up eventually around noon the next day he came stumbling in. Makishima didn’t pay a lot of attention though as he had exams the next week. Actually he didn’t pay attention to much at all for the next week or so for that same reason. Once all the exams were done he went to the local coffee shop and ordered the sweetest thing on the menu. He needed the sugar boost after that week.

“Hey it’s you!” Someone slipped into the seat across from Makishima almost as soon as he sat down.

“Can I help you?” Makishima blinked at him for a moment. Dark hair and dark eyes, both almost purple, and a large smile. Makishima didn’t recognize him for a moment until he saw the headband.

“We talked at the party the other week! I haven’t seen you since then though. What are you hiding or something?” The guy grinned and held out his hand. “Toudou Jinpachi, I don’t think most of us remember much from the party.”

“Huh.” Makishima ignored his hand sipping his drink instead. He was fairly certian he remembered the name from somewhere but couldn’t quite remember where he’d heard it before.

“So it’s Makishima right?” Toudou grinned at him batting his eyelashes. Makishima held back a sigh, apparently the guy’s flirtiness hadn’t just been because of the alcohol. “That’s a lovely name you have a number to go with it?”

“I don’t have a phone.” Makishima said despite having his phone out and in his hand. He sent a text to both Kinjo and Tadokoro that said something along the lines of some guy is flirting with me please help.

“Alright.” Toudou raised his eyebrows but his grin hardly wavered. “So where did you disappear to after the party? I thought I’d at least see you around campus. I mean you’re kind of hard to miss.”

“I had exams.” Makishima raised an eyebrow. He honestly couldn’t tell if Toudou was alarmingly persistent or just kind of clueless. “And you what turn invisible during those?” Toudou chuckled shaking his head.

Makishima didn’t answer as his phone buzzed a few times. Tadokoro and Kinjo had finally gotten back to him, though neither with a helpful answer. Tadokoro’s was longer but summed up was basically go get him spider while Kinjo had simply text back good luck. Unhelpful though the answers were the buzzing gave him the perfect escape. He simply waved his phone before tucking it back into his pocket. “I’ve gotta run.”

“See you around?” Toudou amazingly seemed almost hopeful that that could be the case.

“The campus isn’t that big.” Makishima shrugged picking up his drink and bag and just managing not to bolt back to his dorm.

He spent the next week or so hyper aware of headbands, especially white ones. Though it was hard to tell after a while if he was looking for them or trying to avoid them. Regardless though he didn’t see Toudou again for almost two weeks. When they finally ran into each other again Makishima was biking. He hadn’t joined the university’s team but he still liked to keep in shape, plus he still loved it. He was climbing, though not using his unusual dancing because it wasn’t like he was racing, when someone shot past him up the slope.

“You’re climbing so slooow Maki~Chan.” Toudou’s voice drifted back to him and it suddenly clicked where he had heard Toudou’s name before. Toudou was one of the climbers on the University’s biking team. The one people called the forest ninja, though the poster had insisted he was called sleeping beauty.

“Well it’s not like its a race.” Makishima rolled his eyes.

“Isn’t it?” Toudou turned around and grinned at him. He looked like a completely different person than before. All the flirt and bluster was gone. Without it he looked intense in an entirely different way. Makishima smiled and pedaled faster, suddenly he wanted to beat this guy regardless of the fact that he was slipping more and more out of shape the longer he got from high school. 

“You’re on.” Toudou took off doing that weird silent climb again and Makishima stood up and started dancing.

As with most people as soon as he passed him Toudou slowed down seemingly in shock at how Makishima climbed. Unlike most people he recovered almost instantly and caught up again. 

The hill wasn’t very steep or honestly very long so it only took a few minutes before Toudou was punching the air and Makishima was frowning at the ground. He shook