allowed, he didn't want to upset Daryl. But there was only so much of Erica Rick could take, and their weekly meets ups slowly became less and less meaning that Rick had more time to spend with Aaron.

Rick was no fool, he knew he was never going to be with Daryl so he tried to focus on being the boyfriend Aaron deserved rather than the jerk who wishes he was with someone else. He showered Aaron with gifts and took him places just as he had done when he started dating Lori. And Aaron seemed to lap it all up always repaying Rick in heated kisses and amazing hand jobs. That was as far as the intimacy would go, but recently Rick had been hoping for more. He had deduced that if Aaron could give the best hand jobs he had ever received he could probably do so much more. Being with a man had its upsides that Rick had never even considered until that first time Aaron had brought him to orgasm with his hands. He knew all the right places to squeeze and what rhythm to keep at so that it wasn't too slow but wasn't too rough.

Rick had planned to take things even further with Aaron one evening. Daryl had called him that day asking if he could meet Aaron and go on a double date. Rick accepted even though he had a good few reasons not too, but he could never say no to Daryl. So he planned to go on the stupid double date and afterwards bring Aaron back to his and hope he wouldn't leave until the next day.

Rick and Aaron pulled up outside the diner that they had planned to meet at.

"You ready to meet my best friend?" Rick questioned when he noticed Aaron looking a little nervous.

"Are you sure he's okay with us? I'd hate him to hate me," Aaron looked a little sheepish, even though he was openly gay it didn't mean he'd had a great experience with it. He'd always been made to feel an outsider and ashamed of his sexuality by others.

"He's gonna love you I promise," Rick smiled giving him a gentle kiss on the lips. They both entered the diner and found an empty booth, Aaron deciding it would be better to sit next to Rick and not across. They ordered drinks for everyone and just as they arrived so did Daryl and Erica. Immediately Rick knew something was wrong. Daryl's face was set in a scowl and Erica looked like she had been crying. And even though that last bit made Rick happier than it should have done, he wanted to make sure Daryl was okay. However, the second Daryl saw Rick his face lifted, and for that Rick was grateful, he didn't want to make Aaron feel uneasy if Daryl was in a bad mood.

"Hey Rick, I'm guessin' this is Aaron?" Daryl welcomed him politely shaking his hand. Rick saw Aaron's shoulder drop from relief as Daryl had been nice to him.

"The one and only, you okay?" Rick asked, trying to probe Daryl with his eyes. He just nodded in return and Rick left it at that. The start of the double date had gone quite well and Rick found he was actually enjoying himself. But he also found that Erica was enjoying herself a little too much. Whilst the men had stuck to drinking lemonade, Erica had decided to start drinking. Heavily. She had stayed almost silent the most of the evening which was the part Rick had enjoyed, what he didn't enjoy was seeing Daryl get more and more agitated.

"So have you always liked guys? Our Rick is new to all this bum fun," Daryl asked Aaron with a wink, only slightly making fun of Rick, but he couldn't be mad at him for teasing because he had called Rick his. He smiled brightly at Daryl as his stomach started to get butterflies. But that's when all hell had broken loose. Erica had muttered under her breath a homophobic remark that had been just audible enough for the men at the table to hear.

"What did you just say?" Rick snarled at Erica. He had heard perfectly what she had said but he had little patience for the woman.

"You can' talk about my best friend like that! What the fuck is up with you today!" Daryl whispered harshly trying not to make a scene.

"I'm fucking leaving Daryl. You can stay here and suck your friend's dick or you can come get high with me?" Erica shouted back, ruining any chances of not making a scene.

"I thought you'd stopped that shit! You know I don' do drugs!" Daryl spat at her. Erica scoffed and stormed out the diner leaving Daryl angry and embarrassed. "Stupid bitch," Daryl murmured, rubbing his face.

"Erm maybe we should go?" Aaron suggested looking to Rick nervously.

"Nah, you go, imma stay here with Daryl," Rick said hoping Aaron would understand that his friend needed him. Aaron seemed to noticed and said his goodbyes and left.