until the drug kicked in. However, the very fact that Eren could do it meant that he simply would not. Levi trusted Eren and Eren would not break that trust for anything— or, at least, not over something like this.    

Levi went through one pot of tea before lunch and another pot after, Eren slipping out of the office each time to fetch the requisite hot water. It wasn’t a very productive work day for either of them since both were distracted— Eren by his scheming and Levi by his pain. When they finally called it quits, Levi stacked the remaining high-priority documents into a folder to finish later that night. Just as he had the evenings before, Levi still insisted on going to the gymnasium and Eren kept one eye on him as he stretched, hissing slowly between his teeth. Like Mikasa, Levi was awful at taking it easy (though Eren supposed he didn’t have much room to talk.) Still, he kept it short and Eren breathed a sigh of relief when Levi announced that he was done.

They washed up a little and went down to the canteen where Eren was able to persuade Levi to sit down and do paperwork— not that Levi took much persuading. When Eren emerged laden with two trays, he found Levi surrounded by parchment with his left foot propped up on a nearby chair and his forehead propped on one hand while he scrawled out a report with the other. He glanced up when Eren approached and shuffled the papers back into the folder, murmuring a “Thanks” as Eren laid the tray down in front of him. Levi rotated both of his shoulders, kneaded the back of his neck roughly, and suddenly Eren knew what he could do.

He just needed Levi’s cooperation.  

Eren insisted on doing all the cleaning himself (on the pretense that Levi should finish working on the report, though surely Levi was on to his true motives) so it was pretty late by the time they headed for the barracks. When Eren didn’t turn down the corridor to his room, Levi raised an eyebrow.

“You need something?”

“I…” The words he’d lined up in his head were somehow whisked away and Eren frowned, trying to collect his thoughts again. It had been a long, uneventful but tiring day. His brain just wanted to sleep, but Eren did his best to kick it back into gear. “Favor,” he bit it out. It was close enough.

“What is it?”

Eren raked his hand through his hair in frustration; it was too much to explain at whatever unholy hour they’d managed to breach. “Ca— come on,” he muttered, ushering Levi towards the major’s quarters and taking the folder from Levi as he unlocked the door.

“Sit on… the…” He stared at the bed. He knew the word, it was a bed, but he couldn’t seem to get the sound to travel from his brain to his mouth. Finally, he settled for pointing and saying, “Sit there.”

Levi sank down on the bed, strangely compliant, and just watched as Eren shut the door, deposited the folder on his desk, found his matches and lit the lamp that rested on his nightstand. He didn’t say anything, not even when Eren knelt down at his feet and asked, “Shoes, no…” He ground the palm of his hand against his forehead. “Tired,” he mumbled, partly as an explanation and partly as a complaint.

“What about shoes?” Levi prompted.

Eren closed his eyes, trying to picture the words written down and speaking extra slowly. “Can I… take off y-your… boots?” Boots. That was the word.

Levi lifted his left foot off the ground slightly in permission and Eren shucked the boot off, careful not to tug unnecessarily. He removed the other and then arranged the pair at the end of the bed where Levi usually set them. He loosened the harness enough to remove it up to the knees and then rolled up the trousers neatly to the knee as well. The entire time Levi didn’t question what in the world Eren was planning to do; he didn’t do anything at all besides shift his weight when needed and watch with bright, alert eyes. It was kind of weird; Eren had figured that the major would at least make Eren explain why he was invading his personal space.

When Eren was satisfied that the trousers wouldn’t get in the way, he shifted his attention down to Levi’s feet and stopped. It wasn’t like Eren had never seen Levi’s bare feet before. Of course he had. But he’d never really looked at them.

Levi’s feet were pale, scarred on the top from the gear harness and on the soles from some even older injuries, and small, which shouldn’t have been as remarkable as it was. Levi was small, the smallest man Eren knew. Eren had known that ever since he’d first stood beside him and it registered in his head that the famous captain was shorter than