they remember you - because after all, he has already carefully examined each of the seven people living in this building.

They are over the legal limit allowed to share a house this size by a factor of two, something that Bucky considers in his favor.

"Happy Fourth of July," Mister Brown says cheerfully, and suddenly, Bucky can’t breathe because …


… Because it’s the fourth of July and there are fireworks and they’ve had too much watered down whiskey and Steve’s mouth is close enough to kiss if he just …


"Son, are you alright?"

Mister Brown’s voice is quiet beside Bucky, but it’s loud enough to interrupt the deluge of memories. Bucky is thankful that this neighbor is thoughtful enough to keep his voice at a reasonable level.

Others haven’t, and caught up in the middle of a memory, Bucky is not always able to keep The Soldier from coming out of him. It’s a reflex these days, and Bucky hates what that says about him, about how weak it makes him that he can’t shake off the last holds that Hydra has on him.

"Stomach pains," Bucky tells him, and he hates doing so, because being sick is something they will remember. But so will not being sane, so the lie is the better of two blown covers. His lie works, because the old man pats him on the shoulder, gives him a recommendation for a "natural" laxative and leaves Bucky alone.

Bucky doesn’t go to the bathroom.

He doesn’t have plans to go anywhere, and that hasn’t been the case since he walked away from an unconscious Captain America. That time, he’d ended up at a Hydra base that had 32 less breathing bodies when he’d left it than when he’d shown up.

This time, he ends up standing in a bakery, staring down at the glass display of cupcakes.

There’s so many red, white, and blue ones, and ….


… And they’re sitting in a kitchen. Steve’s drawing papers are stretched out in front of him, and there’s a lady in a worn apron, tired eyes, and sore feet. She’s mixing something in a bowl that she’s been saving up for for months. Steve is looking up at Bucky and offering, “You can lick half the bowl…”


Bucky is leaning against the damn glass display case so hard he’s afraid that he might break it. But he only pulls back when he hears the metal start to groan against his weight.

It doesn’t crack, by some miracle. But maybe the cashier hears him too, or maybe he’s simply weirding her out by standing there and being completely lost over a display of cupcakes.

"Can I help you?"

"No," Bucky answers, because that’s one truth he isn’t uncertain about. But she’s still staring at him, and that is a bad sign. Stand here too long without ordering and that … that makes a person memorable.

"I mean, I’m just trying to decide," Bucky corrects himself.

She smiles, as though he isn’t holding onto the last shreds of his sanity like it is a train flying through the mountains. Maybe she’s seen worse. Maybe they were Hydra agents. Maybe she’s a Hydra agent.

Maybe it’s her first day and she’s sharing an apartment with a sick friend and all she can hope for is that she doesn’t get fired from a shitty job she hates because then how will they make rent? 

"There’s a lot of flavors to choose from," the lady says kindly. "It can be intimidating sometimes."

Flavors.

Bucky tries to think of that small, cramped kitchen again. He tries to remember what the hell kind of flavor the lady in the blue apron would have been making.

He stares down at the display case. Not white chocolate macadamia, that’s for damn sure, and he’s pretty sure that peanut butter caramel might have been out, too.

It would have been something simple. Something that didn’t require a million ingredients. Something …


… Bucky’s hair is slicked back for church, but Steve’s hair is refusing to co-operate. “Stubborn Irish hair,” the lady with the blue apron is saying, except in this memory she has a simple string of pearls around her neck and a second-hand blue dress …


"Something classic," he says. Is that right? That doesn’t seem right.

Bucky is talking about a man who dropped his shield and refused to fight back to prove a point. Classic seems to … simplistic.

"Chocolate and vanilla are big sellers," the lady says, and she’s smiling at him with sympathy.

He takes a deep breath, and for a wild moment, the phone in his pocket seems tempting. For a wild moment, he wants to dial a number he isn’t supposed to have and ask,