The man in your thoughts scanned over your offerings, cryptic messages left just for him - could he suppress that awkward behaviour and finally go for broke? Fall into the deep ravine and allow emotions to prevail? A daunting prospect admittedly, however to ignore this would be the craziest thing he'd ever done, closed-off personality gradually being let out to play and he took in a sharp breath, air blown out slowly as he steadied himself. Decision made, Levi stood and did a few laps of his living area, feet beating a path and as grey eyes closed, the walking ceased. Calm certainty filled his core along with a distant mental sentence - 'Holy fuck, I'm going to do this, I'm really going to do this…I'm going to show (F/N) how special she fucking is…'


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


Everything glowed in stark realism, colours bright and edges sharp as Levi made the short journey, feet not dragging like he'd thought they might. The prospect of facing his emotions and bringing them into reality was quite unnerving, outside of his comfort zone that usually knocked humanity back and kept people at arm's length, however this had to be done, your hidden messages ringing loud in his mind. Four years ago he'd met an alluring woman who'd had a shit day, much like his own and you'd shared drinks and a gripe, personalities complimenting one another beautifully and creating a strong bond. As the months had passed by, Levi found himself being drawn closer, dragged into your orbit and there was fuck all he could do about it.


That wasn't to say that he resented his attraction to you or disliked it, quite the opposite - what bothered him was how painful it would be to go through life knowing he'd never be able to tell you, never be able to realise his desires due to his perpetually crippling awkwardness. But that one move, one moment of madness when he held you in his arms…that had knocked a brick out of the wall and let you in on his thoughts. It must've been painted all over his face, blatantly etched for you to see yet perhaps that was ok; it had of course led to this.

Unaware of the incoming visitor, you tapped your leg up and down, jiggling the limb to try and dissolve any of your own nerves at having been so obvious. Most people wouldn't see your obscure references as overt in the slightest, but to you it was unknown territory and all seemed so brazen. Any flashes of butterflies in your stomach when in Levi's presence had always been pushed away, stashed as a childish crush - convinced that the feeling wouldn't be reciprocated, you'd opted for denial instead, telling yourself it would come to nothing so there was no point pursuing such things. However this evening had turned that on it's head, shown the man in a different and unexpected light and you were sure the sparkle in his grey pools had been something significant.

You could also be horribly wrong, self doubt creeping in and clutching at your previous assurance, squeezing it dry. Had you been around other men at your workplace for so long that you no longer held the ability to read signals correctly? At least you hadn't punched Levi for picking you up, kept gut instinct far away from that particular person. Maybe you had indeed gone overboard, maybe you shouldn't have put all those tags everywhere. It was too much, he'd avoid you for days now and think about how stupid you were, probably sitting scowling at his phone and wondering what kind of dopey idiot did shit like that…


…she probably didn't mean it that way, must've just been innocent words and I took it too far, now how crazy do I seem standing outside her door…



…he won't talk to me ever again. God I'm so fucking simple. Guess I'll just go to bed…



…stop it. You're here now at (F/N)'s. Just do it you stupid fucker and grow some. Knock on that door like you own the place…


The faint tap was almost unnoticeable, mouse-like sound barely cutting over your grumbled thoughts and you frowned, unsure who would be coming over at this time of night. Seeing as the main buzzer hadn't been used, it left a short list of possibilities - option A, one of your neighbours in the apartment block coming to borrow something like ice or sugar. Option B…

"Levi? What…are you ok?" He had spare keys, always let himself in and never bothered to announce his arrival so it confused you to see the man standing in the hallway, stance apologetic but his eyes burnt with something previously unseen, a white fire that extended to his handsome features, face set in strong determination and you noticed his jaw flexing as teeth were grit. He was either going to kick you in the shin or give you an earful about the