able to give him a proper check up before his brother came?

Mycroft is fingering through Sherlock’s hair. He pulls it apart above his right ear, and there, in soft, tiny, white ink, Molly sees it: Sherlock Winston Rutherford Holmes. She no longer wonders how Sherlock turned out the way he has; he has been cursed since he was named.

“It’s him,” Mycroft Holmes says, and Molly nods, because she could have told him that, even without a rather creepy, if she thinks about it, tattoo on his skull. All Molly needs is to look at his hands and she knows it’s him. No one else could possibly imitate the fragile collection of scalpel scars and alkylant chemical burns on the outside of his left hand.

Sherlock’s brother is already moving away from her, from Sherlock. She sees him build up walls like a fortress, and she sees Sherlock in him when he does. By the time he reaches the door, one would never know he has only now identified the body of his only living family. “There will be no need for a full autopsy, Dr Hooper,” he says, and then he is gone, and the morgue is cold and lifeless like always, but it feels dead for the first time.

Molly waits two minutes, then she’s calling Winnie, and Winnie is rushing back in on graceless legs. Their hands shake from the weight of Sherlock as they hoist him out of the refrigerated drawer and into Molly’s office. Winnie rushes off for hot water bottles and towels Molly hid in the supply cabinet and Molly bends over Sherlock; he’s blue with hypothermia. If Mycroft had been of clearer head, he might’ve noticed that it isn’t all from the harsh mortuary lighting.

She wraps Sherlock in the sheet and covers his chest and stomach with hot water bottles and heated towels, and then, with Winnie standing guard at the door, Molly lays down on top of Sherlock and wraps herself around his torso. She’s given him her time, she’s given him her help, she’s given him her love, and now she gives him her warmth.

It takes another hour for the barbitone to wear off, and she keeps up CPR for most of that. Sherlock is breathing, but very, very slowly, and she reckons he’ll appreciate it later if it saves him from brain damage, though she is certain that she will remember this for the rest of her life and hate herself for how much she feels as she does it.

When Sherlock wakes up, it’s a violent affair. He is tragically, heartrendingly terrified, and when his flailing hand clips Molly round the jaw, she only closes her eyes tight and holds him as he whimpers and keens into her hair. Winnie watches the door, and neither of them say a word when Sherlock’s mewling turns into gasping breaths. Molly’s neck is soaked, Sherlock is having a panic, and Winnie hands him an Arsenal hoodie and a pair of chavvy tracksuit bottoms.

When he calms down enough to put on a pair of trainers, Winnie leads him out the back, and Molly hopes that she hasn’t just saved Sherlock Holmes, only to kill him a different way. He keeps his head down as he walks, and she has never seen Sherlock look quite so defeated.

ɤɣɤ

They bring in Jim’s body that night, when she’s only two hours left before the end of her shift. While her supervisor is willing to look the other way in Sherlock’s case, there’s no way he can feign ignorance when it comes to Jim Moriarty.

Dr Colby is called in two hours early, and when he flips on the voice recorder to begin the autopsy, he says, “Richard M Brook, Caucasian male, aged thirty-five years. Preliminary analysis suggests death due to single gunshot to the brain, via the oral cavity.”

Molly leaves and does not look back.

ɤɣɤ

Wiggins opens the door for her at her own flat. He’s lost the lab coat but maintains the anxious look.

“He ain’t good,” he says quietly as Molly slips in the door. Sherlock is on her couch watching The X Factor and saying absolutely nothing. He’s cocooned in about eleven separate blankets, plus the duvet from her bed. Winnie’s tucked hot water bottles in every available spot around him. He still has the hood up on his jumper. He looks up at her when she comes in, eyes wide and startled like a newborn deer. Simon Colwell makes a horrible remark and Sherlock doesn’t even react to it; she thinks the two of them might’ve got on like a house on fire once—for all of three minutes before Sherlock reduced him to a quivering mess, much like he does to Molly on occasion.

“Molly.” His voice is soft, anguished.

“Sherlock...” she says, but she stops there because she doesn’t know what to say after it. Instead, she pulls out another two fifty pound