finger for a moment to wet it before easing it inside you. Since the two of you started dating, you haven't needed your vibrator and damn, you're tight. With your free hand, you text him again. 

'can i ask you something?'

It's shocking that you spelled everything right. The feeling of something inside you was greatly missed, but it's also really strange because it's been so long. You bite your lip to quell any whimpers - you have a tendency to get loud when you even get close to your prostate. Deciding to do him a favor, you film yourself from a rather filthy angle. In the last frame, you tilt the camera up so he can see how hard you're biting your lip. You didn't notice that he's texted back, telling you 'yeah, sugar. ask away.', so you give your reply along with the video.

'can you call me 'kitten'?'

'you're a kinky little spitfire and i love it. yeah, i'll call you kitten. put a collar on your pretty neck and fuck you hard as i wrap my hand around your throat. you like that, kitten?'

You definitely like that. Texting back hastily, you beg for him to let you touch yourself more. It's starting to hurt even though you've only been at it for a few minutes. You used to take longer, but this is likely a side effect of your boyfriend having the same kinks as you. 

He's pumping himself hard and fast, imagining what you'd feel like around his cock. Maybe you'll give him head tonight. He'd love that, love seeing your pretty little mouth on him and god, ohgod, he takes out his phone and sees your text and replies with a video of him quickly nodding and then turning the camera to his crotch. The way his hand is moving is so frantic and needy, you can tell it's all just for your own personal enjoyment. There's something ridiculously sexy about the stick n' poke tattoo just below his hip. It's just one word - 'angel' - and he swears he did it before he moved in. Secretly, you think it was for you. The tattoo was still healing recently and he got bashful when you asked about it. Thinking about this makes you want - need - to kiss him and touch him and be with him. You tell him that, sending a typo-tastic text message that would make your inner perfectionist faint if he wasn't so turned on. 

'iwanan kiss ydou a lott' It reads, causing him to laugh out loud. He does understand what you mean, though, and he's only slightly surprised when you send a second message. 'wanttyouto tuoch me,. master' For some reason, that sends him over the edge. The mental image of you trembling and fucking yourself in a bathroom stall slays him, makes him cum all over his t-shirt. He doesn't even mind. 

He sends you a photograph of his chest and cock, both covered in his spunk. For you, that's enough to make you finish - but you can't do so without asking first. 'mastercan icum plaes' You type, realizing that typing one-handed is really difficult (especially when your mind is elsewhere). He texts you a succinct 'yes.' and you move your hand faster without missing a beat. It only takes you a moment to finish and when you do, you're forced to clean yourself with toilet paper. It's a small price to pay. You send him a short video of you blowing him a kiss and sucking cum off your finger. 

He saves that video, too, and plans on watching it while you're at work tomorrow. 

You go back to the lecture hall, grab your stuff and bolt. Class was over by the time you got there, and you weren't worried about missing anything. This class is totally easy, and you're sure you can ace it even if you take a short time off to get rid of a boner once in a while.

You hurry home, eager to see him, and you realize when you arrive at the apartment that you forgot your keys. Slightly annoyed at yourself, you knock on the door and wait to see if he's home. 

Derick comes to the door quickly, thank god. It's 4 PM but he seems to have just gotten out of the shower. There's a towel - an unusually short towel - wrapped messily around his waist. Small droplets of water cover his body, and his hair is slicked back and wet. It's really, really sexy, and your horniness from earlier comes right back. "Hi, kitten. You're home a little early." He's grinning at you like a fucking fox, and you know he did this on purpose. You want him to finger you and tell you to cum for him,