the darkness, can you see the stars.'"

Dean shifted his head minutely after a comfortable moment of silence. She kept her gaze on the last spot through the window in which the woman had disappeared.

"Martin Luther King Junior."

Charlie looked at him. His face was turned towards her, the light casting his sharp features in shadow, hiding the bruises and sorrow. She rubbed a thumb over the textured cover of the book. "'The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.'"

He licked his lips, turning his head further to watch her. "Bertrand Russell."

Charlie smiled slowly. So he'd been listening. "'Ships in the harbour are safe, but that's not what ships are built for.'"

He frowned at that one. "John Shedd?"

She nodded. "'If you are going through hell, keep going.'"

"Churchill."

"'Man often becomes what he believes himself to be.'"

He hesitated. "Ghandi."

She nodded slowly, leaving the silence to surround them. Finally leading up to what she wished him to hear, she said, "'Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.'"

His gaze dropped immediately, but he didn't turn away. When fifteen minutes passed with no answer, Charlie placed the book on the bedside locker. Tugging the spare blanket off the end of the bed, she threw it over her legs and settled in to sleep. Closing her eyes, she sighed. "'Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.'"

For a time, in the small, quiet hours of the morning, the Angel of Thursday kept watch from a darkened corner.

 

**

 


 Four days in. 


 

"Ooh, apple jello."

There was a beat of silence from the vicinity of the bed, before, "Did you seriously just get excited about hospital food?"

Lifting the little gift from the hospital Gods, Charlie inhaled the scent of apple appreciatively. "Well, I used to like the puddings, but I got a bad one once and it kinda put me off for a long time after." Eyeing the little spoon on the other side of his tray, Charlie flicked her eyes up and hoped she conveyed a pleading look for him to pass it to her.

Bemused, he did so. "You been in a lot of hospitals?"

Charlie nodded, gently scraping at the top of the jello, watching the substance try its best to smoothly slide onto the utensil. Turning the spoon over, she swept it across her tongue, and then pulled it out so she could talk, "Spent my whole life in them, I suppose. Between my first few years of 'accidents' because of my parents, or trying to figure out what was wrong with me, I've been in and out a lot."

"'What's wrong with you?'"

Charlie hesitated, realizing she'd made a mistake already. Think of something. "Yeah. You know, my parents kind of fucked me up, and the whole thing with Martha suddenly killing my Poltergeist grandmother, and then in and out of foster homes for a year, and then becoming part of the Criven's family where I learned to be a Hunter... Not exactly normal. Had a lot of... issues." She cleared her throat, depositing the jello back onto the tray for the moment. "You gonna eat your chicken? I'll text Beth to bring you some junk food, and I'll eat this."

He gestured wordlessly to the untouched food, and she dug in without much thought of its blandness. She was used to it after all.

 

**

 

The nights never changed much for them, except one small difference from that night when Castiel had kept watch. The first two days, they had slept with their hands touching lightly. On the third day, and from then on, Charlie (to give her back a break) slept stretched out on the chair with her feet on the bed. The only way to anchor her hand by his was to hold it. Dean didn't protest.

 

**

 


 A week and a half in. 


 

He was getting better. The bruises were yellowing, and he could breath easier once his ribs had begun to heal over. They'd be letting him out soon, hopefully.

After a while, he started dropping subtle hints that maybe she should head back to the motel to sleep somewhere since hospital chairs couldn't be all that comfortable. Unsure at first, Charlie wondered if he was concerned she knew about his nightmares.

"Remember those issues I said I had?"

Dean was on his left side, lying almost flat and watching her on the chair she'd occupied since he'd been brought in. "Yeah," he said gruffly, dark eyes watching her curiously.

"Well, I never stopped having them. I was on so many meds up to a few weeks before I met you and Bobby…