against his cheek, and Cloud couldn't help but blurt out, "What are you?"

"A demon," Sephiroth said between licks. Cloud hissed as Sephiroth bit him hard enough to pinch his skin and make it sting. "I feed..." Cloud was pushed over and Sephiroth was suddenly on top of him, biting his chin. "...on sexual energy."

An incubus... Cloud pushed the monster away, unable to continue accepting his affection. He'd heard little of incubi, but the thought of him feeding Sephiroth in some way was just...strange, not to mention the fact that it also scared him a little. He knew the other man's – no, demon's – intentions, but the new revelation was just...

"I will not touch you without your consent," Sephiroth said, stating it as if it were fact. "But if you so desire it, I will teach you."

Cloud weighed what he thought would be the consequences in his head, thinking long and hard. The kiss was amazing; surely the rest would be even better?

"...will it hurt?" he asked hesitantly, embarrassment painting his cheeks pink. Gods, he was such an idiotic virgin.

"There is no shame," the incubus murmured. "I can be gentle if you so wish." A finger under the blond's chin made Cloud look into Sephiroth's mesmerizing eyes to see the sincerety in the silver-haired demon's words.

Cloud didn't break eye contact as he made his decision. He loosened his yutaka, causing his sleeves to slip as he offered himself to Sephiroth. His nipples reacted to the cold air that hit them, and he shivered again.

A tongue flicked his nipples, causing the pink nubs to shrink and tighten up. Cloud looked on, his dick hardening just watching the attention Sephiroth gave him. The incubus bit down, and Cloud cried out in pain while pushing at Sephiroth's head.

"Don't bite," he said quickly. "Please."

Sephiroth gave a quick nod and Cloud sighed as Sephiroth planted a kiss onto his collar bone and licked at the base of his throat. He touched the silver, almost white hair, and moved his hand away, as if burned. When Sephiroth didn't react other than to trail wet kisses down his stomach, Cloud touched the silky hair, the strands melting through the empty spaces in his hands like a liquid. He brought his legs together into a tight lock when he felt Sephiroth grind his hardness against his own. Strong hands separated his legs and a knee wedged in between them, rubbing against Cloud's erection.

Cloud moaned, digging his head back into the bedding. He moved, wanting more friction against himself, and yanked on Sephiroth's hair, bringing the incubus closer to him. Silently, he pleaded for another kiss, swiftly bringing his lips to Sephiroth's when the demon tried to meet him. He opened his mouth to welcome the other's tongue inside, and this time he took the opportunity to explore the other's mouth. He felt Sephiroth run his hands all over his skin, but he did nothing to stop the incubus from taking off the rest of his robes, did nothing as the demon began to take his own kimono off. He ran his tongue against Sephiroth's, wanting to deepen their kiss even more if it was even possible – gods, he was addicted!

Sephiroth broke the kiss again, nipping lightly at Cloud's chin and licking a trail down his neck all the way to his navel, biting a circle around Cloud's bellybutton. The blond hissed, both in pain and in pleasure, and his cock bucked in response. He arched, stretching his arms upwards and bumping the box of chocolates he had taken earlier.

Sephiroth reached for the box, taking it from Cloud and, setting it on the blond's stomach, removed the lid and studied what was inside. Cloud let Sephiroth rub a good-sized piece of chocolate against his lips for a moment before obeying and opening his mouth.

"Slowly," Sephiroth whispered, and Cloud nodded, moving the chocolate around in his mouth and letting the heat melt it. Sephiroth descended, and Cloud froze when his underwear was pulled down, having little time to react before Sephiroth licked the head of his dick. He nearly choked on the chocolate, and he closed his eyes and threw his head back at what Sephiroth did next.

His butt clenched of its own accord, instinctively reacting to the tongue that inserted itself into his virgin hole. He blushed, and he was sure that his entire face was scarlet. Muffled moans threatened to leak out of him, and he coughed on his own saliva.

"Slow," Sephiroth said firmly, giving Cloud's butt crack a quick lick. The blond swallowed his own spit and rearranged the chocolate's position in his mouth. He panted hotly while Sephiroth inserted his tongue into his anus, and he couldn't stop himself from instinctively pushing Sephiroth away. The silver-haired demon grabbed onto his legs and pushed them upwards, coaxing Cloud to bend