follows her gaze, anxiety suddenly pooling in his stomach.


Shit.


There in the entryway, little Sam stands on buckling legs, nervously looking from the woman to his father and biting his unsteady lip.

Anxiety then turns to panic.


Why why why why why why why


"Sam, go to your room." He barks, noticing the breathiness in his voice.

The boy visibly falters, wanting to listen, but he glances at the woman again—shaking down to his toes—and instead stumbles forward to clutch his father's leg.

Levi curses. This is not the time. He swivels his attention back on the intruder, eyes blazing silver.

"Leave now." The words rip from his throat in a vicious growl.

Her eyes finally tear from the child and flick back to attention. A gun then appears in her hand from a strap around her thigh and she raises it to aim at Levi's head.

Click. 

Sam whimpers. The sound draws the woman's eyes to him again, and she seems to hesitate. 

Suddenly her body lowers until she's kneeling on the ground, gun still raised to Levi without even looking in his direction and mossy stare boring straight through the frightened child. He shivers and grips the pants-fabric tighter against his thumping chest, shying away behind his father's leg. The woman only tilts her head in that strange alien way once again, and reaches out her hand to gesture with sleek fingers; come.

Levi's body goes rigid. His mind becomes wracked with confusion and shock.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" He threatens; a deathly whisper.

He wants desperately to shoot. His fingers twitch with anticipation, but Sam is there. He doesn't want him to see that, never, but the conflict wages on, putting sweat on his brow and making the ache in his head feel close to bursting.

Fuck it.

He's a split-second away from releasing a shot when Sam abruptly lurches forward, now staring transfixed at the masked intruder. Levi lowers his gun slightly with wide, horror-struck eyes, the air suddenly feeling as though it's being sucked out of the room.

"Sam?"

The woman gestures silently again and the boy takes another hesitant step forward, eyes never leaving her ghostly face. Sense comes to Levi then and he stretches outward to steal the child away with one arm, whipping back and aiming at the mask again, entire body trembling with fury. 



His breaths come in fast, weighted pants as he snarls again. "Get the fuck out of my house."

Her attention returns to him, flicking to his gun for only a moment and back. She stands upright in one swift motion, aim still locked between his eyes, and walks steadily back towards the open living room window. One step, two, three…four…five… and she vanishes into the darkness beyond; just like that, a breeze humming through and gently rippling the curtains.

Levi's body slackens. He sets a dazed Sam upon the ground and quickly paces toward the window, looking out.

Nothing.

He curses under his breath and slams the window shut, attempting to lock it before realizing the mechanism is broken. He makes a sound of frustration and slams a fist against the wall, shutting his eyes tight and huffing loudly through his nose. He remembers Sam behind him and his eyes blink open. Sam.

He turns back to find the child staring blankly at the ground. His shoulders have stopped shaking. The man sighs softly and approaches his son with gentle steps. He kneels before him and gingerly lifts his chin with a finger to meet his gaze.

"I'm sorry…" Sam sputters immediately, eyes beginning to well.

Levi smiles weakly.

"You should be. That was a really dangerous thing. You've never acted like that. What got into you?"

He lowers his eyes again, sucking in his bottom lip. A small tear drips from the corner of his eye and trails down. Levi moves his finger from beneath his chin to wipe it away.

"Look at me."

Sam looks.

"That was a bad lady, Sam. Very, very bad. If you see her you run as fast as you can. Understand?" He tries to be stern, but the tenderness slips in.

"Very bad?" The boy asks, confusion in his voice.

"Yes, the worst."

He uses as much emphasis as he can in hopes that the message will stick in the five-year-old's flighty realm of thought, though Sam is admittedly smarter than most, so it's not really necessary. At least it wasn't.

He only nods in response, seeming to accept this enough, and Levi's mind wanders back to the strange encounter between his son and the masked woman. Fear and confusion ebb into his thoughts again, and he remembers then the promise that he made four years ago. With it comes the remnants of his recent nightmare; the memory. A memory of a man sprawled cold and dead on the ground