towards his portable dvd player, and turning it on. "Just wait a second."

Minato sat on the bed uncomfortably. He felt like he was trespassing... like he shouldn't be there. He knew of the danger it represented with him being there... The same instant they had reached the second floor, the atmosphere had changed.

But he didn't have more time to reflect on those thoughts because when the dvd player, which was placed at the head of the bed, started to play, he froze. There he was, in the living room of his current place, with Kushina.

"What the fuck Fugaku?!" He almost yelled ready to stand up, but before he could, those strong hands pushed him down again. "What's the meaning of this?"

"Oh... I think you know what this means," Fugaku whispered in his ear, making shivers run down his spine. "I'll show you who you belong to."

"Asshole!" Minato spat, annoyed, ready to get into a fight when he recognized the day of the scene before his eyes. It had been a couple weeks ago, Fugaku had invited him to play poker with the other guys, but in the end he had called it off. Naruto was with his grandmother, he had to take that chance...

"Minato" he heard Kushina giggle as he tickled her on the screen.

He hadn't lied to his friend, he just told him he had gotten busy... he only hadn't told him how. Minato wanted to scream, to destroy that thing, to punch his friend but he couldn't move, he was transfixed.

In the back of his mind he could heard the sound of fabric, he could feel Fugaku's movements on the mattress, he could feel Fugaku's eyes on him, he could feel Fugaku's hands unbuttoning his shirt, touching his skin...

"Minato" Kushina moaned into the kiss they were sharing, it was barely audible but he could remember that day, they had sex all night long.

Fugaku's lips were on his neck as one of his hands was on his nipple. His back was against Fugaku's chest and because of their position, Minato could feel the erection poking him.

"Minato" They both whispered throatily, and as the Minato on the screen undressed her Fugaku started to stroke his member over the fabric of his clothes, undoing the button and the zipper.

"I'll show you who you really crave for" Fugaku whispered as he tried to remove Minato's jacket and shirt prompting him to wake up from his trance.

"Get off me!" Minato half screamed, pushing Fugaku off him, standing up and glancing at the screen while he undressed his wife. "How could you do something like that?!" Minato said almost hyperventilating. "Was that the reason you lent me your house?"

"Don't be a fool Minato, it was just because your new house wasn't ready and you already sold yours."

"But you planted cameras!"

"Hm" Fugaku said as he watched the screen with disdain as Kushina threw Minato over the bed jumping in one second after him.

"You, bastard!" Minato growled as his fist closed tightly, his body trembling in rage. "How dare you?!" He moved closer, ready to hit him.

Fugaku was faster though. He held Minato's hand and in a smooth movement, he turned him around, pushing his face against the mattress. As Fugaku held both of the wildly thrashing blond's hands with just one of his as he used the free one to remove Minato's pants. When Minato's pants were around his ankles, Fugaku pushed his legs apart. "No" Minato kept grunting.

"Try not to be too loud" Fugaku said as he positioned himself between Minato's legs, freeing the blond's hands as he rested his weight on Minato's back. One hand covered Minato's mouth while the other one smeared the precum over his erection. "You wouldn't want them to hear us, would you?"

"What are you thin-aaaarh!" His scream was muffled by the hand covering his mouth, small tears of pain gathering in the corner of his eyes as he rested his head on the pillow. An anguished sob filled the room along with the long digital moan Kushina let escape.

"Shhhh, it's ok," Fugaku whispered as he helped Minato take off the rest of his clothes as well as his own, waiting for the blond to adjust to the intrusion.

"Minato... oh gods Minato!" Kushina's voice filled the room.

"It is only me who can fill you," Fugaku said as he thrust once, getting the finger in return. "Oh yeah," he chuckled, "you like to delude yourself," he thrust again. "But here," Fugaku said reaching Minato's leaking erection, "you can't lie."

Fugaku smiled when he noticed Minato was biting the sheets, clutching them tightly, trying to hold back. "There is