-chan. I’m going to have a lot of fun with this.”

               The moment passes, and she’s back to being the infallible Anissina-chan I know and love. Picking up her clipboard, she gestures at a row of machines at the back of the room,

                “Great. Now perform some tests for me, and get to it. We haven’t got all day.”

 

After a few hours of testing the limits of this body’s physical and mental capacity, I finally give Anissina-chan the slip.

                At first I felt kinda bad—after all, she’s the one who gave me this body in the first place. But then I realized there’s no way I could have escaped if Anissina-chan was really intent on keeping me there, and I relaxed. Oh, that Aninssina-chan, as un-straightforward as ever.

                With her implicit permission, I start my adventure as a girl.

                First of all, I have to say, this chick is quite cute. I turn a lot of heads just walking down the corridor, and revel in the attention. Well, I shouldn’t be surprised. I mean, she was modeled after me, after all, and I’m the most beautiful—

                “Hold on there, young lady.”

                Hmm? That’s no way to get a girl’s attention, y’know. You’ll never get yourself a girlfriend like that. The soldier even grabs my delicate wrist forcefully.

                “Hey, how did you get in here!? Do you have permission?”

                Of course I do, the Young Master gave me express access to anywhere I please. And besides, according to His Excellency Lord von Voltaire’s orders, it’s my job to get where I wasn’t allowed to go.

                But of course, all my ID is on that other body. Silly me, I really should remember to transfer these things next time.

                I cough slightly and try out that pretty voice again. “M-mister, I’m s-sorry but I think I got lost…”

                “What’s the commotion here?”

                A familiar deep voice cuts through the hullaballoo. Ooh, here’s my first test subject.

                “Your Excellency!” The soldiers back away from me and stand at attention.

                The crease between my boss’ eyebrows deepens again. “Who is this young lady? How could you let just anyone into the palace!? What if she’s an assassin!?”

                I almost feel offended that such a lovely little girl could be suspected like that, until I remember that not too long ago, a lovelier littler girl did in fact sneak in and attempt to stab our beloved young king. Okay, fine, as soldiers we have to suspect everyone and anyone. But you still failed, Your Excellency.

                I beckon him over shyly, and he obeys almost out of instinct. He really is hopeless when it comes to cute things. When he bends down towards me, I give him a quick peck on the cheek.

                He turns a shade of red even brighter than Anissina’s hair. It’s the ideal reaction.

                “Y-You—” Even his voice is shaking. Ah, but that’s no good, he’s frowning again.

                I stand on my tiptoes to flick his forehead with a perfectly manicured nail. That reminds me, I have some wonderful nail polish at home that would look great with this skin tone.

                “Lighten up, boss, or you’ll scare away your kitties.”

                “Wha—” Gwendal vol Voltaire stumbles backwards, his hand clapped to his forehead. “That insolent manner of speaking…! Is that… is that really you, Gurrier!?”

                “The one and only.”

                “I thought you looked familiar but… what happened to you!?” And before I can explain, he takes off in the direction I came from. “Anissina! Oh, she’s done it this time, that guy will surely lose it—Anissinaaaaa—!”

                See? He cares deeply for her, after all.

 

Lord von Voltaire had been my boss for almost thirty years now, and he still couldn’t tell a thing until I deliberately made it clear to him. That’s actually kinda cool~ Just thinking about the pranks I could pull off with this, I almost can’t help whistling to myself.

                After that I go off in search of His Majesty, just to see his reaction, but he isn’t in the study when I poke my head in. Instead, I see His Excellency Günter teaching the would-be assassin turned princess.

                Not two minutes later, I have the dreamiest guy in Shin Makoku, who was voted ‘Man I’d Most Like to Marry’ ten years in a row, chasing me down the halls while screaming ‘no-good, scheming, seductress!’. Hey, it’s not my fault that the Young Master still seems to prefer women. If you really think that’s not fair, why don’t you ask Anissina-chan for a new body too?

                Anyway, His Majesty