to delete and clear later. 



These days, he didn't go into his Mind Palace. Usually, the occupants in it came to him. It must be a mess right now. But he can't go in there. It's far to painful to do so - the effort of hiding in his mind far too complex it seemed as each movement brought pain that  pulled him out of his mind. There was just so much it was overwhelming. He thought his senses or his skills might have dulled over the months - he hadn't had much practice - but it seemed that they had heightened to an almost inhuman level of processing.



The smell of his blood, of waste and vomit and the familiar musty smell of men and women and doctors(bad doctors, his mind supplied) and acid and fire and burning wood and boiling water. The little stains that he shouldn't be able to see on the cuffs of a faraway Serbian guard, the slight lifts and sounds that would've sounded the same to anyone else but each tone and lilt of a voice crisp and clear to Sherlock's ears. The grimy feeling of dirt on his unwashed skin, the mixed grains of sand and dust and blood and skin. The feeling of different ropes and cuffs and floors and walls.



There was just so. Much. So so so much. The voices, the Mind Palace people didn't make things better. He wondered if maybe he'd done something wrong to deserve it. Maybe it was because he had faked his death. Maybe maybe maybe…. So many millions of possibilities that danced and played around in Sherlock's head. It was dizzying it keep up with the rush. Even solving petty little crimes hadn't been this… Exciting. 



Maybe he should just rest. Maybe they would let him. Just this once for five measly seconds to close his eyes. He desperately needed it. Wanted it. He hated that his transport made him so weak. So dependent on rest. It was such a hindrance. However. It was just transport. It was all mind. They couldn't touch him there. No matter how hard they tried. Even if they pushed him past his breaking point, his mind would still be flexible. It would still hold on. It had to.



Sherlock desperately hoped for someone, anyone to take him away.



“We’re closing in. Lockside, are you secure?”



“We're secure and ready June. Atlantis, watch your seven o'clock.”



John is almost about to explode just listening to their confirmations. Almost a near 7 months had passed after his discovery of Sherlock's existence. After a long, long time of searching and making sure and double checking, ruling out places and possibilities… it was almost as if John was back on the field, adrenaline running high, expectations even higher, hoping that the battle field wasn't too chaotic, that there weren't too many dead or injured, and that hopefully you'd survive and leave without so much as a scratch.



There's a flurry of movement in the helicopter and suddenly, Mycroft is next to him. He's out of his usual tux, instead, in commando clothing, thick, heavy.  Bullet proof. John decides it doesn't fit the man very well. Or maybe it's just because the older Holmes was always seen in a suit and his trusty umbrella. Seeing him out of it just felt… strange. In fact, John wouldn't have been surprised at all if Mycroft entered the battlefield umbrella waving. 



“Are you ready Doctor Watson? Once the area has been locked down and Sherlock's captors dealt with, we'll land and deal with whatever trouble he's gotten himself into.”



“Stop making it sound like it's Sherlock's fault. I don't want anyone to make him sound… stupid. Fake.”



Mycroft sniffs, almost as if he's about to say something but then thinks better about it.




John: You should have gone with him. People will think—







Sherlock: I don’t care what people think.







John: You’d care if they thought you were stupid or wrong.







Sherlock: No. That would just make them stupid or wrong.







John: Sherlock, I don’t want the world believing you’re…







Sherlock: That I am what?







John: A fraud.







Sherlock: You’re worried they’re right.







John: What?







Sherlock: You’re worried they’re right about me.







John: No.







Sherlock: That’s why you’re so upset. You can’t even entertain the possibility that they might be right. You’re afraid that you’ve been taken in as well.







John: No I’m not.







Holmes: Moriarty is playing with your mind too. Can’t you see what’s going on!







John: No, I know you’re for real.







Sherlock: A hundred percent.







John: Nobody can fake being such