lips.

Phone sex. Well, in this instance, intercommunications sex. Private phones were not allowed on missions, and the intercommunications – while you could initiate a private, uninterrupted line with someone – was only to be used in emergencies. Phone sex was not a thing that her and Fareeha had explored in such a manner before, if only because they hadn’t had to; but the idea was already giving Angela a rush.

She made herself comfortable on their bed, donning a smug smile; a mess of blonde hair, Fareeha’s shirt and perfumed skin. She knew the code to her lover specifically off by heart – 202 – and her slender fingers eagerly brushed against the keypad off the mahogany dresser.

Her blue eyes glinted.

There was little hesitation. There was little deliberation over whether Fareeha would be against it; Angela already knew she would love something so submissive.

Before she realized it, her thumb had pressed against the pale rubber keys her all too familiar number.

Angela clipped the earpiece to her ear with a knowing smile, waiting for her lover to answer. She held up a hand, arm outstretched before her face and fingers spread, and looked at her engagement ring with a warm smile. She couldn’t wait to just hear Fareeha’s voice, let alone what she actually intended to get upto.

The click of a receiver hit her ears, and her breath hitched in her throat.

“Oh! Fareeha?”

“Angela!” Fareeha replied, and there was a scramble as she clipped on the headpiece to her ear with a clink of her braids against the plastic. “Angela, it’s so good to hear your voice! Is everything alright? You aren’t hurt, are you?! Is mom -”

“No, no!” Angela replied with a warm laugh, and twirls her hair around her index finger idly. “I’m fine, Ana’s fine, I promise! I just…I just missed you. I’m sorry, I know I shouldn’t use this line, but -”

“…You never need to apologize when I missed you so, angel. I’m so happy to hear your voice.”

Angela felt her stomach get a wave of butterflies as she listened to Fareeha smile, and let out a small laugh.

“…You did, huh? You missed me?”

“Do you even have to ask me that Angela?” Fareeha chuckled. “I did. I do, even. Very much, and always.”

Despite her solid resolve, for a split second, Angela forgot entirely why she had called. She was so overwhelmed and in love and god, just so happy to her Fareeha’s voice. The scent of her shirt against Angela’s skin as she lay, the sensation of her husky voice speaking softly against her ear; what more could she ever want than this?

She is reminded what she could possibly want even more when Fareeha laughed into the silence.

Her dulcet, familiar laugh, deep from her throat. Angela can picture the small feeling of a vibration of her voice when she would lay on her chest, followed by the bright smile accompanying it.

She felt the sensation of being unbearably horny hit her between the legs again.

“…I’ve been missing you like crazy too, you know.” Angela replied, a stiff feeling enveloping her whole body, shuffling only to move somehow closer into Fareeha’s arms in spirit. “I’ve been rather…besides myself, even.”

Fareeha paused, and chuckled a little softer. Angela knew that she had already worked out what she meant.

“…That so? You sound it…somehow.”

“I’ve missed you so much, liebling. What’s a girl to do when you aren’t here?”

“Well…” Fareeha asked, and Angela can hear the coy smile playing on her lover’s lips. “What have you been doing? I’m sure the devil makes work for idle hands.”

“Idle hands? I’ve had nothing of the sort. What do you think I’ve been doing?”

Fareeha made a noise of faux contemplation as Angela let out a flirty laugh.

“...Is it a good idea for me to guess that while I’m on the job?”

Angela laughed again.

“You know, Fareeha…” she began, a goading tone to her voice. “I really have missed you.”

“Is that right?” Fareeha asked, and Angela could practically hear the cheeky smile.  

The sound of Fareeha’s voice was so damn good. It was like ecstasy just to hear her talk, her listening dragging on every single word she spoke.

“Of course. I’ve missed your lips, your arms, your face…”

Both waited with baited breath. Fareeha shuffled in her makeshift hideaway.

“But most of all,” Angela whispered, “I missed your touch.”

“My touch, hm?” Fareeha asked a little too eagerly to be so ‘concerned’ about being on the job, and noticed Angela’s laugh go from flirty to seductive.

“My hands…” Angela began, before biting