and being driven out of my dorm by my roommate.” She added, giving Genevieve another winning smile, “I’ll be over there, eating fries and doing homework. Feel free to kick me out when I fall asleep.”

“She wouldn’t dare kick out someone as hot as you.” Misha declared, sashaying over to join Genevieve behind the counter.

“Duly noted.” She said with a grin, grabbing her fries and depositing them on the nearest booth with an outlet.

She munched on a fry while she booted up her laptop, rubbing her eyes again. Her mascara was probably smudged by now, but who cared? Apart from the small part of her that reminded her that there was an attractive female in the near vicinity. 

She set the laptop up to charge and pulled out her phone noticing a text from Jen.

‘Sorry Danni, Jay x.’

It seemed only fitting that Jared would be the one to apologise. Jen was such a dick. She snorted softly and shoved a handful of fries into her mouth.

“Dick.” She accused, before sending back, ‘don’t mind me, just burning my eyes out with bleach over here’

Rolling her shoulders, she looked at the lab report she needed to finish and sighed, it was going to be an extremely long night.

 

A tap on her shoulder made her jolt dramatically and clutch her heart.

“What’s up?” She asked, breathing heavily and yanking her earphones out. Genevieve bit her lip.

“You mind me sitting with you? I have an essay to write.”

“No problem.” Danni swept her sweater, bag and phone off the table and onto the place next to her in the booth. Genevieve slipped in, her ankles almost brushing against Danni’s and she pulled out a battered MacBook, covered in stickers and booted it up.

“So, what are you majoring?” Danni asked, as casually as she could when there was a hot girl, with big brown eyes and kissable lips (not to mention the boobs. Danni would never forget them) was sitting across from her out of her trashy uniform and in a cute comic book shirt and leggings.

“Philosophy, god knows why.” She sighed, tapping her laptop softly, as if trying to wake it up.

“Wow. Did not peg you as a Philosophy girl.” Danni said, slightly bitter because how the hell was she meant to win over someone hot and smart. Danni could only manage one at a time for crying out loud.

“Didn’t peg me as a Philosophy girl, you mean you thought I was doing something non-academic. Like Art or something.” Genevieve huffed, giving Danni a slightly sour look.

“Hey, don’t knock Fine Art, it’s actually really difficult!” She protested, shifting slightly and almost blushing when their ankles knocked together. But she’s a grown woman so the school-girl blushing was reined in. Jen touches her ankles all the time when they wrestle for the TV remote and that doesn’t bother her! What was the new significance of ankles anyway?

“Oh, so sorry.” Genevieve said, sweetly and Danni grumbled. Stupid hot girls who are smart and sarcastic. Stupid Genevieve.

“What I meant was, I thought you would be doing Drama or something. Maybe even dipping into modelling. You are very beautiful in a kind of, untouchable way.” Danni amended, saving her work quickly and watching as Genevieve’s hands flew over her keyboard.

“I did Drama for a while, but no one really liked me, and it’s hard to try and fit in all the time for a whole semester. I do Psychology and Philosophy now.”

Danni whistled lowly, “And here I was thinking I was something special.”

Genevieve looked up with a glare, “Excuse me?”

She backpedalled immediately, “I’m only taking Chemistry and I’m always complaining and stuff about the hours and all the lab I have to do, but you’re juggling two really time consuming subjects, I mean who does that? On top of that you’re really attractive so sorry for feeling inadequate.”

Genevieve raised an eyebrow, “Okay, let’s redo this, okay?” 

Danni nodded, slightly confused and Genevieve stuck out a hand for her to shake.

“I’m Genevieve Cortese, you can call me Gen.”

“Danneel Harris, you can call me Danni.”

Gen grinned, “Lovely to meet you Danni, what brings you here?”

“My roommate is having sex with her girlfriend, I’ve been kicked out.”

Gen sighed, “That sucks, you look tired.”

“I am.” Danni said, rubbing her eyes again, “I’ve been in the chemistry lab all day.”

“You do Chemistry? Isn’t that super hard?” Gen said with an air of mock surprise.

Danni laughed, “There’s a lot of work to do, mainly needless work.”

Gen smiled sympathetically, “I know what you mean, I’m majoring Philosophy, and wow, let me tell