You meet them at an ice cream parlor, once, and you both talk about issues in the LGBTQIA+ community, racial issues, the like. They were wearing a short skirt and tights that did their legs favors, and they walk you home that day, and you wished you could be as open in identity as they were. There’s a flutter in your stomach when you lock the apartment door behind you, and you grinned. Full-out grinned.



     Meetings grew in both frequency and length between the two of you, until a day in November, when you’re both sitting at a coffee shop, and they invited you over. There was a tightening in your chest, as though someone had tied strings around your ribs and was pulling on them.



     You agreed breathlessly, not without heat having risen to your cheeks.



     Adrian’s home turned out to be a three-room apartment they shared with two siblings, and when you got there, they introduced one boy, sitting on the couch and tapping at his Mac, as “Ronnie,” and another kid reading a textbook as, “Jasp.” You then retreat into their room, when you settle atop their bed. Adrian picked up their laptop, settled it on the bed before them, and you ended up resting your head on their shoulder, watching Parks and Recreation with wide grins and brushing hands.



     At the end of the night, at around eleven o’ clock, you began grabbing your stuff, preparing to leave, when Adrian took your wrist (gently, pleadingly) and 

kissed 

you. Like, the questioning, gentle sort of kiss that made both parties wonder whether or not it’s really what they needed. Internally, you panicked, but externally, you softly pushed Adrian away.



     Adrian Sprite was in love with you at age twenty, and you were not.



     You explained this to them, and they nodded, apologized, seemed genuinely regretful. You didn’t bring it up again, which is probably why you didn’t meet them face-to-face again for the entire month of November.



     On November thirtieth (i.e. 

today

), Adrian invited you via text to meet them at a pizza parlor for birthday’s eve shenanigans. You have always been a lover of fun, and you agreed. The two of you met at the place at around seven thirty, and you had pizza. You both talked about stuff, like Dave’s photography and how Adrian’s art classes had been going and whether or not you had finished working out that theory. You both did not talk about other stuff, such as Adrian’s kissing you and your explanation.



      When Adrian gets up to use the restroom (yay for family bathrooms, they say with a forced laugh), you push down the butterflies in your stomach, reminding yourself that you are 

not 

in love with Adrian Sprite, and that even if you were, you blew that a long time ago.



      Adrian, wearing the beanie they wore the first time you met (the same skinny jeans, the same flannel, the same everything, you realize, and you wonder if that means anything), asks you if you want to get out of there, maybe home, and without thinking, you tell them that, no, you want to do something 

fun

, because it’s nine forty-five the night before your birthday.



     They grin (that same glorious grin they usually wear, except, this time, it looks 

real

), take your wrist, and guide you to their car.



     You let them drive you wherever it is the two of you are going, resting your chin in your palm and staring out the window. About fifteen minutes into the ride, Adrian rolls down the windows, cranks up the music, and two college kids with nothing (but student loans and their own internalized issues) weighing them down belt out lyrics to songs they hardly know, because it is ten thirty at night and you have no clue where you’re going. They know, though, and you think that’s all that really matters.



     At ten fifty, Adrian pulls the car off into the matted grass to the side of a dirt road, rolls down the windows, and turns off the engine. You both sit in silence, breathless and ecstatic, before they push open the driver’s door, then come to your side to open yours. You and they stomp through the grass to reach the road, follow it for a good five minutes, then reach a large black gate. It looks locked, but Adrian gives it a firm push, and it opens, just wide enough for you to slip in. 



     You wonder if this is illegal.



     You’re not sure you care if it is.



     You and Adrian are approaching a large mansion, and they take your hand (you try to ignore how nice and warm their hand feels against yours) and lead you around to the back. There, you see a trellis scaling the back wall. Adrian explains that’s how you’ll be getting to the roof.



     They climb it first, taking care