do anything for his family, anything at all. I respect that."

Whatever the guy sees in John's gaze, it doesn't throw him. He smiles. "I'm glad you understand," he says, and he jerks his chin at the guy hopped on whatever it is. "Bring 'em in."

Turning back to John, he goes on, "You've just made something a lot easier for me. I've got a couple of boys myself, y'see," he says, and starts looking over the shotgun like he's examining it for ticks. Dean can hear the other one breathing, the rattle every time he inhales; neither of them are paying Dean much mind, and he eases his hand back. "Well, one of 'em's my cousin's boy, actually," the guy says. "Been taking care of him since his daddy died, trying to teach him right from wrong, teach him to look after his family. Like any man would," he says, looking at John again.

The door opens and the guy comes back in, ushering a couple of kids in front of him not much older than Sam. All three men are watching the kids now, and Dean sneaks his hand up under his shirt, unnoticed.

"Max, Leo," the guy says. "I want you to meet Jeb Ryan and his boy Henry. See, Leo here," the guy goes on, turning back to John. "Leo's my cousin's boy, and Leo's a three-time loser." Leo's hands are knotted into fists in front of him and his eyes are cutting from the guy with the 12-gauge to the other kid, back and forth, back and forth. "Three times I've asked him to do a man's job and three times he's been a coward about it, snivelling and whining how he doesn't want to. Doesn't wanna shoot some bastard's come around causing trouble for us."

Leo doesn't say anything, white as a ghost.

"One of 'em come after me with a Bowie knife long as my arm. One of my own," he says, "practically like family himself, and he come at me with a knife wanna split me open and gut me right here." He fixes Dean with a hard stare. "Someone come after your old man with a knife like that, you'd wanna do something about it, wouldn't you?"

Wasn't a Bowie knife, Dean thinks. Too goddamned long, just looks the same.

"Yessir," he says, meeting the guy's eyes steadily. "Yessir, I would." He wonders what this guy did to piss the dead man off.

"Well this one don't give a damn." The guy cuffs Leo on the back of the head and Leo winces, doesn't make a sound. "Had to do the job myself." He shakes his head, and Dean thinks the ghost got all the wrong people.

"And Max," the guy goes on, "well, Max has reached that age where he's gotta learn how the world is. Gotta learn that obedience to your family, that's everything. That's all that matters."

Max is looking from his dad to Leo to John, and he's shifting from one foot to the other like he's gotta piss. "Dad," he whispers, and his dad snaps at him, "Shut your goddamned mouth, boy."

John's fingers are curling against Dean's hip, and he can feel his dad's tension, tight as a wire. The air should be singing with it, but no one notices except Dean.

And maybe Max.

"Leo," the guy says, and Leo looks up.

"Yessir?" he says, and his voice is thready.

The guy strokes his hand over Leo's hair. "I was gonna have Max shoot you in the head," he says, calmly, and Leo makes a sound like a hurt animal, a whining whimper that makes the hair on Dean's neck prickle. "Get rid of a pissant little coward and get my boy blooded at the same time."

Leo's shaking, wide-eyed, and Dean can see where this is going, and it's no place good. He's got his fingers on the butt of the pistol now, though, and he's feeling the room come into focus, bright and sharp as the edge of a knife.

"But now we come here and find these two sleeping beauties trespassing on our property," the guy goes on, turning back to John. "And I'm thinking maybe it's the Lord's way of saying give Leo another chance."

He smiles, and Dean's stomach lurches sickly, his heart pounding. Dad, he thinks, Dad, oh goddamn it, Sammy. Sammy.

"Max, you got your birthday present?" the guy