toes of his feet. He glanced around, even though he knew no one would see the breakdown. Kyungsoo slowly got worse when the guy spoke up.

“Jongin.”

Kyungsoo’s eyebrows furrowed together. “What?”

The guy rolled his eyes. “My name is Jongin. What’s yours?”

Kyungsoo’s mouth formed an ‘o’ and he nodded. “Right. I’m Kyungsoo.”

They awkwardly stared at each other for awhile before Jongin held out his hand. Kyungsoo nodded gratefully and grabbed it, letting Jongin pull him up. Jongin glanced over Kyungsoo’s shoulder before smiling at the shorter boy.

“Don’t worry, being dead isn’t that bad.”

Jongin, who was still holding Kyungsoo’s hand, pulled him slowly away from the scene. Kyungsoo didn’t question Jongin, letting the older guy pull him along. They passed by many buildings, even the supermarket before Kyungsoo recognized where they were.

“Wait,” Jongin paused and looked over to Kyungsoo. “This is the way to Chan’s boyfriend’s house.”

Jongin licked his lips. “Really? My like great nephew lives around here. I like fucking with him once in awhile.”

Kyungsoo snorted. “You seem like the type to do that.”

Jongin smirked. “Hey now, don’t be so judgey. It’s hilarious watching people freak out.”

“What’s the great nephew’s name?”

“Baekhyun. He’s such a little shit.”

Kyungsoo couldn’t believe it.  Holy shit. What are the odds that Chan is dating Jongin’s great nephew? They don’t even look alike. Maybe their jawlines? Nah. 

“Kyung?”

Kyungsoo blinked a few times, clearing his thoughts. He looked over to Jongin. The guy had his eyebrow raised  (does he ever lower them?) .

“So Chan, my roommate or former roommate, I guess, his boyfriend’s name is Byun Baekhyun.”

Jongin’s eyebrows fell and so did his jaw.  Well that answers that question. 

“Soooo…..same Baekhyun then?”

Jongin closed his mouth and nodded. Kyungsoo nodded and looked away from his  beautiful  face. Jongin squeezed his hand slightly which reminded him that they were still holding hands.

“Oh, well.” Kyungsoo turned back to Jongin when he finally started speaking again. “I was planning to take you to Baek’s house so we can mess with him to make you feel better.”

Kyungsoo didn’t know what came over him suddenly. Maybe it was because death wasn’t as bad as he thought it would be, maybe it was because a hot ghost was holding his hand. Kyungsoo smiled brightly at Jongin, surprising him and himself, before bursting into a full on sprint towards Baek’s house, dragging Jongin behind him. Kyungsoo felt laughter bubbling up in his chest and at one glance at Jongin’s surprised look, Kyungsoo let the laughter leave him. He could faintly hear Jongin chuckling slightly behind him. Without even hesitating, keeping in mind that he’s a ghost, he ran through multiple people, laughing more at the weird sensation it brings to his stomach. In his excitement he almost passed Baekhyun’s house but quickly took a sharp right, straight through Baek’s mailbox and stopped right in front of the door. Jongin didn’t stop however and walked right through the front door, dragging Kyungsoo with him.

Kyungsoo was greeted with the sight of Chanyeol and Baekhyun furiously playing Mario Kart. Kyungsoo was hurt for a second because he was  dead, why were they so happy and energetic? Kyungsoo calmed himself, remembering that they might have called his family not his roommate. His mom or dad would most likely be calling Chan soon,

“This is perfect.”

Kyungsoo glanced over at Jongin for a second before returning his sight to his friends. “How?”

“Chanyeol most likely doesn’t know you’re dead which means we can fuck with him now. When he does find out you’re dead, he’ll most likely assume his dead friend is messing with him.”

Kyungsoo frowned slightly. “Isn’t that kinda fucked up?”

Jongin shrugged slightly. “Not really because it really is you fucking with him, not some random dude.”

Kyungsoo shrugged, it sounded fine. “So how do I do this?”

Jongin’s smile looked borderline crazy and it made a shiver run down Kyungsoo’s spine.

“You know how in movies they’re always like ‘concentrate on moving the object’? Well for this don’t concentrate. Don’t even hesitate. Basically just do it how you would when you were alive.”

Kyungsoo nodded.  Sounds simple enough. 

He walked over to the outlet that had Baekhyun’s wii plugged into and without thinking, he grabbed onto the plug and pulled it out. He watched as the tv turned blue and the two boys were deadly quiet.

“Baek, what the hell?” Chanyeol whined. “I was about to win.”

Baekhyun scoffed and turned to Chanyeol, “Would you please explain to me how I could’