care about what we had as kids. And how she fired that canon at me... like I was nothing... I blamed myself for the longest time. I thought I was the reason she’d left Zaofu.”

                “How could you have been?” Jinora sternly countered, “Kuvira celebrated when you joined the Air Nation, she was so proud of you.”

                “You weren’t there. When Korra and Aunt Lin came to take me to the Temple... Kuvira and I fought nearly every night about whether or not I should go. She was angry at me when I left, but was too distracted by the Red Lotus to... we didn’t speak for nearly two years...”

                Jinora wasn’t even distracted by the fact that Opal had once loved a woman. It was that she should have seen this... everything pointed towards it. The hostility between Opal and Kuvira during the battle of Zaofu... of course... it all made sense.

                “I’m sorry. But she’s not going to hurt you anymore. I promise,” Jinora whispered, hugging Opal close.

                “How can you promise something like that?”

                “I won’t let her. And neither will Korra, nor Asami, nor your Mother, nor anyone else.”

                Opal cried for the rest of the night in Jinora’s arms, and the latter’s heart broke with every tear shed. The rain continued on like a singing wind chime, whispering soothing tales to send the both of them to sleep.

               


 



Fall, 182 AG:



               

                Opal and Jinora weren’t fans or Airball, leaving that for the younger kids and teenagers to enjoy. They did love meditating together, but even that grew old sometimes outside of the mandatory daily sessions. But they did enjoy hiking together, across the local mountain range. Often their goals took up a whole day, and Jinora had to prep all of her responsibilities early and leave instructions with Ikki (who merely rolled her eyes and insisted that she had everything covered) just so that they could climb to the nearest summit and admire the view. The view that never got old.

                “Thank goodness you had the idea to bring along a few canteens of water. Remember our first attempt?”

                “We were sick for days,” Jinora recalled. “Ikki made me promise never to go ANYWHERE without water now. I have to carry water with me to meditation!”

                Though she was in shape, it was still difficult to hike up the side of a mountain, but there was one perk— Airbenders were never short of breath. It was why they could live at such high altitudes and feel nothing. Acolytes, on the other hand, almost never left the temples. They’d finally adjusted to the height, and it wouldn’t be worth it to put themselves in such jeopardy when a teenage Airbender could be asked to glide down to the local village instead.

                “Never again,” Opal laughed.

                The Beifong’s hair was now long enough to be pulled into a bun, and Jinora couldn’t resist stealing a few glances at the strands that’d fallen out, combined with the sweat from hiking and her shoulder muscles straining under the weight of the backpack... Jinora felt just a tad out of breath for the first time in her life. Opal’s beautiful olive eyes caught hers and the Beifong began smiling mischievously as she asked;

                “What is it?”

                Jinora shook her head back into focus, “Oh. Nothing.”

                “You were staring at me,” Opal teased.

                “No. I wasn’t.”

                “Yes you were.”

                “I wasn’t! I lost focus and my mind was wandering... and I just happened to be looking in your direction!”

                Opal’s whole mouth smiled wildly, showing teeth and all as she giggled at Jinora’s attempt to hide her fixation. Time had passed and Jinora was sure that Opal knew of her crush, but hadn’t said anything. It was even more infuriating now to know that Opal had once loved a girl, that she could love a girl in the future. But love took time, and it was just a crush. Right?

                But the object of her affections merely turned towards the mountain range and let out a “WHOOP!” to celebrate their achievement of climbing to the peak, the noise startled every living thing for miles as it bounced off the crags and cliffs. Jinora could swear that she’d never heard anything as beautiful as Opal Beifong’s voice being echoed by nature itself. And she finally gave in;

                “Do you like anyone?”

                “Hmm? You mean in a romantic way? Oh sure! I’ve had my eye on someone for a while now!”

                “Oh,” Jinora said, a little disappointed at the forwardness of Opal’s words, “Is he at this temple? Is he an Airbender?”

                “Yes and yes.”

                “Oh.”

                At this, Opal began laughing so hard that she fell on the ground and rolled around a little in the grass. Jinora grew annoyed; what boy was so special that he could get Opal to laugh like this? What man was