. "Through the pants ‘s fine."

Castiel just nodded as if he understood but he continued anyway and Dean, God help him, Dean let him. Even sighed a little as the pressure lifted from his dick. Castiel licked his chapped lips and reached inside Dean’s boxers to pull him completely free.

Goddamnit all, the images that flew through Dean’s mind as he watched Castiel’s pink tongue slide over his lips made Dean think he deserved to go back to hell. No amount of torture would purge the sin of tainting this angel, though.

But fuck, Dean thought as Castiel’s smooth fingers found his aching cock. Will it still be a sin if the angel is the one to initiate it? Shit, Dean hoped so.

Castiel massaged him effortlessly even as he pulled Dean out through the Y in his boxers. He was glancing now and then to the TV, as if for instructions but by the way his hand moved Dean would never have guessed he had never done this before.

It felt so lewd. Castiel’s fingers felt cool against Dean’s heated dick and it was just goddamn awesome. Dean was rock hard and had even leaked a little pre-come already. Castiel slid his thumb against the slit to gather it and Dean fucking moaned when he spread the sticky liquid down his dick.

"Fuck, yes." Dean gasped when Castiel pinched at the head and he bucked his hips slightly, suddenly wanting so much.

"Is it enjoyable, Dean?" Castiel asked, his voice calm as ever, and Dean couldn’t help it as another moan and blob of pre-come escaped. He felt humiliated by the angel’s composure and so fucking aroused at the same time.

"Yes, yes, just please—" his hips stuttered up when Castiel took a firm grip on his dick, just holding him.

The thought that Castiel somehow wasn’t even affected made Dean harder. God, he was fucked up and he would never have believed it but he was actually getting off on this. On Castiel using him as a test subject and on the embarrassing feeling of being used.

Dean’s hips bucked up and Castiel let him fuck his loose fist as he studied the TV again. Dean was panting by now, his dick sliding easily in the meaty tunnel of Castiel’s hand, aided by pre-come and sweat and sheer bliss. It felt fucking amazing.

Dean’s hands were clenching on the couch and he sort of wanted to grab Castiel by the coat’s stupid lapels but he refrain. He leaned his head back again and moaned open-mouthed with his eyes squeezed shut as his hips rolled rhythmically.

"You look very good like this, Dean." Castiel commented suddenly and Dean’s face contorted in a grimace of need, need it now.

"Sh-shut up." He forced out even as his hips bucked harder and of course Castiel knew to ignore Dean this time.

"I have always admired your physique, Dean, ever since I first saw you and even more after I touched your broken soul." He leaned in and Dean felt his breath brush against his face. "I have always thought you looked the best like this. Flushed and panting."

"Shit." Dean bit out and he refused to open his eyes. His balls felt heavy and his body was taut with the orgasm just there but it wasn’t enough. He needed… needed more, needed like a drowning man needed air.

He gasped when he tried to voice it and then again when Castiel seemed to understand and actually gripped Dean hard to begin stroking him steadily. His pace was slower than the one Dean’s hips had set but so sure and so grounding that Dean was almost crying with the want, and need, and desire and nownownow, please now.

Then Castiel hummed for the third fucking time, and Dean couldn’t imagine why other than it being a satisfied sound. That Cas maybe was satisfied to be doing this. His chest was pressed up against Dean’s arm and Dean hadn’t really noticed that until now, until he felt the hum like a low rumble in the angel’s body. Goddamnit, he wanted to curl up against the sound.

He fucking whimpered when Castiel’s weight suddenly lifted from his side and the angel withdrew his hand. No, God no, he was so close. He had moved his hand as far as to his thigh when he realized that no, that wouldn’t be nearly enough. He couldn’t finish himself off now, not when Castiel’s deft fingers hand been dancing so beautifully around him.

"Cas?" He managed and it sounded garbled.

Castiel just nodded at the TV and Dean nearly choked on his own spit when he saw what was currently happening in the porno. One of the guys had slunk down to sit on his knees between the other’s legs and was deepthroating his dick with gusto.

Was Castiel suggesting…? Would Dean accept?

Castiel had already placed himself on the floor before Dean could make up his mind. The angel was pulling at