in my arms.  Tears filled my own eyes as he wept into my shoulder, but I didn't let them fall.  I needed to stay strong for Bruce.  As much as this hurt me, he was the one who had held a little life in his body, and he was the one who had felt that life slip away.

"He ruins everything.  He takes everything I love away from me.  I hate him, Tony," Bruce muttered into my shoulder.

"Bruce . . . I'm sure Hulk . . . " I started.

"No," he cut me off angrily.  "He killed our baby.  I never want to talk about him again."

When I opened my mouth to argue that maybe he was being too harsh, he glared at me with an icy intensity that froze me to my spot.  There was something in his expression.  Something cold and determined that scared me.

The source of that determination quickly made itself known when Bruce locked himself in the lab a few hours later.  He refused to open the door or talk to me, but JARVIS said that he was trying to find a way to destroy the Hulk.  He was unable to get anymore details though, because Bruce muted him every time he mentioned Hulk.  

The team tried to talk to Bruce, but he shut them all down.  He refused to let any of them in, and when they broke in, he refused to talk to them.  He just continued his experiments with a dogged single-minded focus.

I was worried that he was going to work himself into exhaustion, but there was nothing I could do.  He was shutting me out, and all I could do was hope that he would come out of it eventually.

A couple days later we received a call to assemble.  Giant slugs had been set loose in Central Park, and nothing the police or National Guard had tried seemed to be stopping them.

Bruce surprised us all by showing up at the rendezvous point.  No one said as much though, because the look on his face clearly showed that he didn't want anyone to mention it.

Bruce transformed quickly, probably because he'd had so much anger and hurt boiling so close to the surface for so long, and the battle got under way.

The slugs were tough.  Bullets didn't slow them down much, but they didn't fair so well against repulsors, exploding arrows or lightning; and they really didn't do so well against Hulk.

Hulk was able to smash the slugs easily, but as the battle continued I realized that he wasn't just smashing them.  He was ripping them apart, his fury barely contained as he turned them into slug confetti, and he was only getting more violent with each slug he killed.

Following Cap's orders, I flew closer to investigate.  We needed to make sure that Hulk wouldn't be a threat once the slugs were defeated.  If he had lost control and couldn't contain his rage, then we would have a problem.

He was pounding the last slug into a pile of goo when I finally reached him, and when I did what I saw surprised me.  His face wasn't twisted in rage or anger like it usually was, it was filled with desperation.  In fact, he looked like he was trying not cry.

"What's happening, Big Guy?" I asked as I raised my visor.

"Hulk sorry," he boomed.

"What?"

"Hulk sorry.  Hulk hurt baby," he said sadly, and then hung his head and said, "Hulk smash baby.  Hulk didn't mean to.  Hulk love baby.  Hulk want protect baby; stay away for baby.  But Banner hurt.  Hulk  couldn't stay away.  Banner dying, and baby dying.  Hulk tried to save.  Hulk failed.  Hulk sorry."

Hulk's confession hit me in the gut and brought tears to my eyes.  He blamed himself.  He was hurting just as much as Bruce or I were, because in a way it had been his baby too, and he had been blaming himself for what had happened.  It was wrong.  

"It wasn't your fault, Big Guy," I tried to soothe.

"Not true.  Hulk fault baby gone.  Banner blame Hulk.  Banner angry; hate Hulk.  Want to kill Hulk, because Hulk killed baby.  Tony hate Hulk too," Hulk mourned, giant tears forming in his eyes, and then being loosed as he broke into sobs.

"No," I countered brokenly, my tears freely flowing now as I gently wrapped my arms around the neck of the grief-stricken giant.  "I don't hate you, Hulk.  I love you."

"Tony no hate Hulk?  But baby gone because of Hulk.  Hulk bad," he said.

"You're not bad.  You protected Bruce.  He would have died without you.  You didn't do anything wrong," I tried to reassure as he continued to weep.  "Bad things just happen sometimes.  It's not your fault our baby died.  I don'