the pity he didn't want to see in Kanzaki’s gaze.

“Mm. A slumber party, that sounds fun,” Kanzaki chuckled. The scrape of wood on wood told Makishima it was safe to look up “You know he'll be up waiting, so you best stick to your word.”

Resisting the urge to roll his eyes, Makishima rose from the table to make his exit. Their admonitions weren’t exactly unwarranted. Journeying down from the mountain on a regular basis, as they very well knew, was difficult.

Or was it just another excuse?

Bah.

Judging by the sun’s descent toward the horizon, Makishima guessed it was around five. If he left in the next half an hour, he’d be able to make it to the family grounds for dinner, and back to the shop by eight or so. That should satisfy his overgrown bear of a friend.

A short walk down the alley, which was ever-changing, led Makishima through familiar storefronts. A shop advertising cleansed and charged tools, DIY starter kits—was nothing free of being commercialized? Frowning, Makishima gazed around the cheap-looking tools, until his eye fell on an ugly little statue. It was chipped and bent out of form (and then back again if the split seams were any indication), featuring the head of a bird and the body of a man. The wings that hung onto its back held onto only about half of the scraggly blue feathers that clung pathetically to the rest of it. How wrong they’d gotten his kind.


What woke Makishima up from his light sleep wasn’t apparent, but he knew from the way his heart beat rapidly and his senses spoke of something out of place that it wasn’t merely from being well rested. After a full day of practicing healing charms, he’d toppled over onto his futon and promised to help his mother with dinner; he could smell fish and smoke, and sighed. She was supposed to wake him up…


“Oi, mama,” Makishima groused, his voice heavy with sleep, as he walked into the room that held the irori. “I said I would help.”



It was evident almost immediately that Chiyo was distracted. “Well, you looked so peaceful that I…” she started. A deep frown painted her features. “Did you hear that?”



“Hear what?”



“The thunder. Did you hear it, Yuu-chan? It didn’t sound natural.”



“I’m sure it’s fine,” Makishima shrugged. He dropped down next to the fireplace to check the rice while Chiyo returned to the fish lying just off of the fire.


“Well, if you’re sure it’s fine,” Chiyo said fondly. Makishima laughed. “Ren and Hanako are down in the village buying tsukemono to go with dinner, I hope they’re not caught in the rain.”


“You’re going to worry yourself crazy,” Makishima chided. That was his mother, though—always thinking about her children, always concerned about what was happening in Chiba-shi, and by extension, the small enclosure of mountain they’d carved out for themselves just at the edge.



“Thank goodness I have children then, someone will be able to take care of me!” Chiyo shot back with a crooked grin that mirrored that of her son’s. Makishima watched her wave her hands; small bottles of dried seasonings floated by, and as they did, each one turned upside down to season the fish under Chiyo’s guidance. “Ahh, that smells good. A bit spicy…”



“What is it?” Makishima asked. He scooted around the irori, careful not to burn himself, and sniffed. It did smell a bit hot—his nose wrinkled, and he quickly turned away to sneeze into his elbow. “You’re going to melt our tongues!”



“K’ha! Who’s worrying now!” Chiyo laughed brightly, swatting at Makishima’s unkempt hair. Piece by piece she began to remove food from the irori, setting fish on a long clay plate, placing the rice pot on a thick towel to prevent scorching the wood. A third pot, full to the brim with a clear soup that had chunks of tofu swimming among green onions, was placed next to the rice. For a moment, Makishima marveled at just how well Chiyo could pull together a meal. Though it was a morbid thought, Makishima was grateful that his father had died. They were able to live comfortably, without judgmental eyes scrutinizing them. The same wouldn't have been said if the man had simply run off.



“Mama!” Ren’s voice came from the front yard, loud and panicked. “Mama, come quick! He's hurt, they hurt him!”



Before Makishima could even process what he'd heard, Chiyo was on her feet, running toward her older son's voice. Hurt...hurt who? A moment later Makishima was following, but his mother had moved quick: on the tatami in the front room lied a trembling figure Makishima didn'