.

Harry pulled the throw off the bottom on his bed in a hurry to cover himself, watching the other man cover his eyes frantically and raise a hand up in apology. He couldn't hear the man, but Harry was sure he was muttering 'sorry' over and over. Harry couldn't help but laugh at the situation. He'd never been unsure about his body, and he wasn't about to start now.

He pulled the blanket back and stood from the bed, going to the window with his hard cock still bobbing between his legs. Harry stood at the window, head tilted in amusement, until the neighbor lowered his hand from his eyes. The other man's eyes cheated to the ceiling for a moment before lowering slowly back to Harry. The green-eyed lad just smiled and waved.

The man across the way lifted a hesitant hand and waved back, eyes dropping momentarily to Harry's lap and back up. Harry smirked and trickled his hand over his hip to his dick, pulling on his shaft. Then, it was like a car crash, like the neighbor knew he shouldn't look, but couldn't look away. His eyes fell to Harry's prick in his hand, but didn't come back up that time. He kept watching as Harry tugged himself off, head wet with precome.

He'd never thought of himself as an exhibitionist, despite his love of nudity, but then again, he'd never been faced with the opportunity. He'd never had an unknown, extremely fit man give him the chance to show off. He didn't realize how good it would feel, how much he would want to show off for someone he'd never actually spoken to before.

When the man lifted his eyes again, Harry saw a barely concealed desire in them. He leaned forward, a hand pressed to the glass like he was trying to reach through it and touch the other man. The neighbor answered, his hand coming up to touch the glass of his own window. He bit down on his lip as he watched Harry get himself closer to the edge. Harry could see the hard line of the other man in his joggers, imagined what it looked like, how it felt in his hand.

Harry's mouth fell open as he came, white splattering the window, marking his home with his indecency. He tugged himself through it, chest shaking at the feeling of tightness in his groin, until he could finally open his eyes again and saw the neighbor leaning on his arm on the window, head hung between his shoulder and a hand down his pants.

The sight must have been something similar to the performance he'd just put on, and if it was, Harry was proud. It was erotic and filthy, and Harry consciously tried not to get hard again at the view. The man's hand curled into a fist against the window and Harry saw the gray of his bottoms grow darker with wetness. As the neighbor slid his hand down the window lazily and looked back to Harry, they knew.

Things were just getting started.

___

Liam caught his breath, backing away from the window. He was shocked, at himself, at the other man, at what they'd just done. He just watched a near perfect stranger get off and did the same for him. But, God, if he didn't want to see it again.

His neighbor was smiling at him like he'd just won first prize, and Liam felt a need well up in his chest. He wanted to devour that boy, ruin him. If the begging look in the man's eyes was anything to go by, he wanted the same. Liam pointed a finger into the air and twirled it, telling the other man to turn around.

The lithe man did what he was told, but looked back over his shoulder at Liam, waiting for instructions. Liam added a finger to the one already up and brought his hand down to the level of his hips before he mimed pushing his fingers into the other guy. The neighbor's eyebrows rose up in shock before licking over his lips and running to the bed. He was back at the window in seconds, back turned to Liam, while he fiddled with something in front of him.

Then, a slick finger was brought behind the man and he pushed into his hole. Liam leaned on the window, wishing the barrier between them would just disappear. He could practically feel the fit lad's warm body around his fingers, but not quite. He could only watch as the neighbor fingered himself open with two, pulling on his rim while sweat collected on his brow.

The man leaned over, cheeks spreading so Liam could clearly see where two fingers disappeared in his hole. Liam felt himself chub up under his pants and didn't wait to get his bottoms to the floor. He stood there, pants around his ankles, wanking off to this boy shoving fingers into his body. Liam nearly lost it when the guy brought a thick, fleshy dildo