's okay because we are ahead my three goals. Niall hands me a water bottle, grinning and blabbing away like he didn't just run his arse off going up and down the pitch.

 

 

I happily gulp down about half of the bottle in one go. Pulling my mouth away, whatever it is that Niall is talking about goes right over my head. I look over at the pitch and see something very interesting. The referee from the first half, is walking off the field while another takes his place.

 

 

"Niall," I interrupt something about a girl he met at the club last night. "What is going on with the refs?"

 

 

"What? Oh, yeah I heard coach say that Paul had somewhere to go and we are getting a new guy." Niall informs me. "Think his name's Harry or somethin'." And damn, this Harry guy is fit. Like proper 'If I saw him at a club I wouldn't hesitate to try and pull' fit. Niall apparently recognized the look on my face because he bursts out laughing, just as it's time to go back on the field.

 

 

I mutter a quick "Oi, shut it you twat' as I take off in front of him.

 

***

 

The rest of the game passes by in a blur of curly brown hair and a long torso that, somehow, makes those black and white stripes work in a way Paul never could. Unfortunately, my gawking takes a toll on the game. We end up winning by one, after Niall finally got frustrated in the last few minutes  and yelled across to me to 'stop letting my dick distract me'. Unfortunately again, I am almost positive the new referee, Harry, I reminded myself, heard him.

 

 

As Harry blew the final whistle, the rest of my teammates and I gathered in a giant group hug. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Harry smile a little and hesitate. Luckily, he didn't need to stand there awkwardly for long. Niall had notice my lack of attention and immediately found my line of eyesight. I quickly looked away, but the damage was already done. "HARRY!" Niall called over all the noise. When Harry looked up, Niall waved him over, and he came towards us with a grin of his face.

 

 

I was shocked for a second, not believing Niall would do that to me, before my eyes widened and I frantically whispered my disapproval to him. "Niall! What, no. What are you doing?!"

 

 

"Relax," Niall says,"I just think its fair that I get to meet the man who caused us to almost lose the game," he finishes loudly, and I know Harry heard. Considering he was a Ref for the game I can also bet that he noticed my lack of attention to the actual game. I blush furiously when Harry looks over at me with a smirk, obviously having put two and two together.

  

 

I open my mouth, planning on defending myself, but Niall interrupts loudly. "So Harry, how'd you like the game? Did you see Louis' arse in those shorts? Looks good doesn't it?" Niall winks at me.

 

 

"Well," he claps his hands together before Harry can even respond. "I got to get going! Harry, nice to meet you mate." Niall then starts backing away with a final nod. "Harry, Louis." And rushes away, laughing madly.

 

 

I watch him go, disbelief prominent in my expression. Harry clears his throat from my right, and I jerk back to reality. I nervously glance over at him through my lashes. "Um. Right, sorry about Niall. He's kind of crazy." I hold out my hand. "I'm Louis!" I try for a casual smile but by the glint in Harry's eye, I don't think I succeeded. He can definitely tell how much he affects me.

 

 

Harry's hand reaches out to grab hold of mine, shaking it up and down a few times, and lingering a bit before letting go. Damn he has big hands. "I'm Harry," he introduces, and holy fuck. I'm screwed, his voice is just as sexy as the rest of him. I hold back a moan, as my brain creates unwanted pictures of that same voice screaming my name while I open him up. 

 

 

Harry has been staring at me with a dark, almost glossy, look to his eyes since Niall mentioned my arse in my football kit and it gives me enough courage to test the waters. "You know," I start casually. "I think I prefer you as Ref over Paul any day."

 

 

Harry raises his eyebrows. "Yeah? Now why is that, I wonder."  

 

 

"Well, It definitely has nothing to do with the fact that you pull off those stripes way better than he does, that's for sure." I answer.

 

 

Harry looks down at his shirt and back up again with another smirk on his face. "Oh, yeah. Definitely not." He laughs.