look! Isn’t that cute!” Having flipped to the first page, I pointed to a set with bluebird appliques.

            “Yeah. Is there a store somewhere where I can buy these things?”

            “No need; order form’s on the back. How do you think I bought all this?” I made an all-encompassing motion, to indicate all of the furniture in the room.

            “You went to some high end, fancy pureblood place that sells baby furniture?”

            “No, I found a high end, fancy pureblood catalog, picked out some things I liked that went with the antique Black nursery set in the attic, and sent in my order to have it all refurbished.” I pointed to a stack of old catalogs on the dresser.

            “This is the old Black nursery set? No fucking way…” he said, bending down to examine the carving on the crib.

            “Mmm-hmmm.” I perused my catalog, glad I’d distracted Potter. So many choices.

            “I can’t believe you did all of this. Do you think this is the crib my god-father slept in?”

            “Mmm-hmmm.”

            “Thank you, thank you, thank you, Draco. I loved this room before, but I didn’t know you went to all that work! I mean, I knew it was a lot of work, but not this much!”

            “Potter?”

            “Yes, Draco?”

            “Could you shut up? I’m trying to decide if this lace is too girly for a boy. It says it’s not; says it can be charmed a variety of boy colors, in addition to the girl colors, but then they’re trying to sell it to me, yeah? And it looks a little too…but then the plain one, here, that one’s far too plain. No Malfoy would be caught in that one. But this one?”             He leaned in, his head pressed against mine as he looked at the lacey sweater. “It’s gorgeous. If we have a girl, you should definitely get one. See, pink, violet, lavender, lilac, rose; perfect for a Lily.” He pointed to the bit of the description with the colors.

            “Yes, but what if it’s a boy?”

            “That flowery sweater for a boy? No, get that for Lily. Our son should have one of the other ones.”

            “We’re only getting one or the other,” I informed him.

            “Yes, but there’s always the next baby. We should keep trying, until we have one of each.”

            “You’re not the one with preeclampsia stuck on bed rest.”

            “I could be. I have a desk job now.”

            I eyed him skeptically. “You’d have preeclampsia too. It’s the baby with the defective placenta.”

            He shrugged.

            “Well, anyway, I’m not sticking my cock up your arse,” I proclaimed.

            He shrugged again. “According to that pamphlet I read on male pregnancy, it’s the combination of semen in the anal cavity, not the cock, that does the trick.”

            “My mother give you that one too?”

            “No, I found it while you were sleeping.”

            “Good for you. So, I think what I need to do, is make two lists. No, three. One of things that I want in either case and can order now, that way we have a few things. And then two more lists, so that all I have to do is send one in, once the baby’s born.”

            “Brilliant. Or, we could just buy it all…”

            “And end up with two little boys and no one to wear the flowery lace?”

            “Three kids is good too.”

            “I want to punch you right now,” I bit out, between clenched teeth. Just that quickly and my mood had changed.

            “Or not! No, definitely not! You need to keep calm and rest! No having three children; that’s neither here nor there. We’re having this one. Three lists it is. I could even send in the correct list for you, the very moment we know. Let me fetch some parchment.”

            He hustled off to do just that. Maybe I wouldn’t punch him. Maybe I’d just look at another page of lacey sweaters.

I would like to thank all of you wonderful readers for taking the time to review! You provide the inspiration I need to keep cranking out these chapters :)Please let me know if this story starts getting boring. Right now I am planning fluff until the baby is born, but I don’t want it to get too fluffy.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

            “Oh, hello Harry, dear,” my mother greeted as her head popped up in our drawing room fireplace the next day. Harry was front and center, taking measurements of the family tree. He needed the measurements to send to the contractor, because he was having a