leave they the train. Thank you.


“Well, it was nice talking to you Levi-san.” He snapped out of his daydream, when he heard the boy speak again. Shutting his book, he watched as the younger male give him an awkward smile before shuffling out of the train. 

However, before the doors fully closed he saw the younger male lift his school bag off the front of his crotch, to reveal the bulge in his pants. Covering his mouth with his hand, Levi chuckled as he stared down at his own crotch.

So he wasn’t the only one.

After desperately trying to avoid levi after their last horrendous encounter, Eren finds that sometimes the world just likes to be a little bitch

A few days after that slightly awkward encounter with Levi, Eren avoided the late train like a disease. There was no freaking way he was going to face him. 

Seriously what the hell was wrong with him? He had always pride himself on being different from those dumbass teenagers who can’t control their fucking sexual urges, yet he goes off panting like a dog around Levi. Making a sound of disgust, he tossed his school shoes into the cubby.

“You coming Eren?”

Shifting the bag on his shoulder, he turned around. “Yeah, hold on.” He said as he gave two taps to his shoes before running to catch up with his best friend of 10 years.

“Wanna hit the arcade?” 

Eren glanced at the shorter blond through the corner of his eyes. “Nah.”

The blond slightly frowned. Out of all the years he’s known Eren, the boy has never turned down an outing to the arcade. “Come on, you love that place.”

“I’ve grown out of video games, Armin.” He replied, trying to his face impassive.

“Bullshit.” The shorter male countered. “Just two weeks ago, you dragged me there for a 48 hour gaming marathon.”

“A person can change a lot, in two weeks.”

A look of displeasure dawned on Armin’s face. He could always tell when Eren was lying out of his ass. “Really..” His voice was clipped, clearly not liking being deceived.

Opening his mouth to reply, Eren closed it again. There was no fucking way he was going to Armin that just a week ago, he fucking popped a boner in front of a guy he barely knew. 

“What’s going on Eren?”

Eren’s eyes shifted to the ground, before looking back up at his friend. He could see the worry so clearly displayed in his blue eyes. “Look, I just don’t feel like going today. Maybe another time.”  Without saying another word, he turned heel and hastily walked towards the station, ignoring the frantic shouts from Armin.

All he wanted was to get home, and bury himself under his blanket and die in shame. He wasn’t stupid, he knew that at time when he foolishly lifted his school bag off his crotch, Levi saw. He could only begin to imagine how disgusted he must have been. 

 

Shifting his bag again, Eren continued to mutter curses to himself. Never, in his life has he been so mad at himself. And this is coming from the same person who has done many stupid things in his life. 

Growling under his breath, he shoved open the large revolving door of the station and stormed in. Rudely pushing aside the other passengers trying to get home, he slammed a token down in front of the booth collector. 

All of these fucking dipshits. He mentally swore as another stranger bumped into him trying to get to their platform.

After what seemed like an arduously long journey to his platform, Eren felt his earlier frustration double. This is why he hated going home at this time. The fucking rush hour of essentially all of Japan trying to get home. But, it wasn’t like he could wait for a later train. That might run the possibility of running into Levi. 

Tapping his foot impatiently against the ground, he glared at the tracks.


Train 854 to Shiganshina will be delayed. We do apologize for this inconvenience.


A wave of mumbles erupted from the mass after the message. 

Eren was on the verge of ripping his hair out. For fucking sakes, all he wanted was to get home, and crawl under his fortitude of shame, but it seems like the whole fucking world was against him.

“That’s a scary look you have on Jaeger.” He heard someone mutter into his ear. Whipping around, he was prepared the punch the jackass who had the audacity to even talk to him in this state.

“What you say to me, you fu-” He trailed off when he got a good look at just who he was talking to. Blinking a few times, he rubbed his eyes. Was he fucking dreaming right now?

There before him was the last person he wanted to see. The person he’d been so desperate to avoid. Levi.

Today really wasn’t his day, was it?

“Levi-san…” He began, not really sure what