didn’t take long after that for Onoda to spot Manami in the crowd and for them to meet up. As it turned out Manami had also brought someone along with him, apparently his team leaders had insisted he not go alone. Naruko let out a bark of laughter when Manami and Onoda both started explaining the same thing at the same time. 

“Well I’m going to take, what was your name again?” Naruko turned to look at the redhead that was tagging along with Manami. 

“Shinkai.” He said looking at Naruko with what could have been labeled suspicion. 

“I’m going to take Shinkai and we’re going to go to not here because I really doubt you two actually need supervision.” Naruko grinned at Onoda who sputtered out half protests which Naruko ignored. He grabbed the other redheads arm and all but dragged him away, which was easier than he’d thought it was going to be all things considered. 

Manami and Onoda watched them go, Manami with a small smile and Onoda looking like he might go after them. 

“Don’t worry Sakamichi, if Shinkai had intended to stay with us Naruko would not have been able to drag him away.” Manami said quietly one hand resting on Onoda’s shoulder. “Wasn’t there a game you wanted to show me? One of the ones you enjoy?”

“Hmm? Oh yes!” Onoda nodded a smile forming on his face. He’d been practicing a few different games at the arcade in hopes of actually managing to beat Manami at at least one of them. It was almost unfair how good Manami was at video games. 

The arcade was probably one of Onoda’s favourite places, at least one of his favourite places to go with Manami. At first his plan, the one where he was better at a game than Manami, seemed to be working. In fact if it was an anime Onoda would have expected Manami to have stars in his eyes as he watched Onoda playing the game. He even managed to get two high scores. Then he passed the controls off to Manami afterwords and that’s where the plan went all sideways as Manami beat his high scores on his first try. 

“This is fun!” Manami grinned turning to Onoda as the game finished. If Onoda hadn’t been taken aback and at least a little bit upset about being instantly beaten by Manami he would have noticed that now was when, if this was an anime, Manami would have been sparkling and had stars in his eyes. “You always find the best games Sakamichi!”

“Yeah…” Onoda nodded looking at the game screen rather than at Manami. 

“Sakamichi?” Manami frowned slightly tilting his head. “Why are you upset?”

“I’m not upset.” Onoda shook his head and smiling but it looked forced even to Manami.

“Let’s go get food!” The grin Manami gave Onoda was no less forced than Onoda’s smile. 

Rather than answering Onoda just nodded and after a few minutes of walking the two of them had achieved the rather simple goal of obtaining food. They sat next to a fountain while they ate and Manami spent more time watching Onoda than he spent actually concentrating on his food.

“Are you upset because I beat your score?” The question was quiet but it caused the already rather tense silence to get worse rather than better. “I didn’t mean to upset you, I’m just good at video games, I’ve had a lot of practice.”

“I’m not-”

“You are.” Manami shook his head. “You haven’t said anything since we left the arcade, you didn’t even respond when I pointed out something that looked like it was from one of your animes, and you haven’t properly smiled in almost twenty minutes.”

“Okay maybe I’m a little upset.” Onoda frowned at him. “It’s for a stupid reason so-”

“It’s not stupid, not if it makes you upset.” This time the smile Manami gave him was smaller than the last but softer too. “I am sorry I beat your high score, I’m sure you worked hard.”

“And you’re just good at video games I know but I practiced a lot to try and get better thn you and you just beat me right away.” Onoda mumbled poking at the remainder of his food. 

“You’re better than me at other things.” Manami shrugged. “Like showing up on time, and trying hard. I’m very bad at both of those.”

“I guess.” Onoda shrugged though he smile slightly. Manami wasn’t exactly great at pep talks but the fact that he was trying was enough to help a little. When he looked up at Manami again the other boy’s smile had gotten wider. Onoda’s smile widened in response and then Manami leaned in a pressed a quick kiss to Onoda’s cheek.  

Before Onoda had a chance to respond in any way other than his face heating up they heard footsteps and turned to see Naruko and Shinkai walking in their direction