and his face buried in between her breasts.

Raven blushed, but kept her arms around him. She loved how he was so shy, it just made him so adorable. She didn't care if it was wrong, to her, it felt right. She put one hand on his head, running her fingers through his hair. He blushed but nuzzled his face in between her breasts, tightening his grip around her.. He wanted her..

"Maxxie..." Raven put her hand under his chin a bit.

"Yes?" he asked looking up at her.

"Kiss me..." She said softly.

He nodded ad kissed her softly, his soft, pink lips making contact with her plush ones.. He swallowed a bit before licking her lips a little, deepening the kiss. She closed her eyes and let out a soft noise, kissing him back as it deepened. She moved her arms around his neck and parted her lips for him. He parted his lips, slipping his tongue inside of her mouth, licking the inside and soon rubbing his tongue against hers, coiling it around hers, tasting it.. Oh it tasted so good... He couldn't get enough of it.

Raven let out a more louder noise, followed by a moan. Her hand cupped the back of his neck and she rubbed his tongue against his, loving this, loving him and wanting so much more. Oh, she wanted him.. He broke the kiss and huffed, but soon found himself pinned by her.. He looked up at her and swallowed.. He wasn't really the dominant type.. He was more submissive if anything.

Raven had switched their positions and was now the one on top of him. She was blushing. "Maxxie...I...I want you."

 "N- Nii-chan.. I.. I want you too..."he whispered.

Raven leaned down to began placing soft, loving kisses down his neck. He huffed and blushed deeply.. He gripped a handful of her hair. Raven let out a moan as he grabbed a handful of her hair. She liked when he did. He arched his back a little and exposed his neck to her, he wanted her to kiss him more.  She began kissing his neck more, adding in suckles and nips. He moaned loudly, it felt so good... He gripped her waist and started to run his hands up her shirt, feeling her soft, silken skin..

Raven mewled as she felt his hands on her bare flesh. Her shirt rode up a bit, showing her porcelain skin. "Ahh...please...touch me more.." She whispered.

He smiled and sat up a little, kissing her softly.. He gripped her ass tightly and felt her hips, rubbing them carefully. Raven pressed up against him when he gripped her ass. It made her blush and moan softly. She kissed him back, tangling her fingers into his hair. Maxxie had slipped his tongue into her mouth, coiling his tongue around hers.. He huffed and kept rubbing her ass... He soon kissed her neck and bit onto it gently. Raven moaned out his name and arched against him as he rubbed her ass and bit her neck. It felt so good. She was glad their parents were out for the day.

"Mmmph!" She arched her chest into his hands, panting softly. She could feel her body heating up from his touches and she wanted to return the favor, so her hands went under his shirt, fingertips feeling him out. He breathed and laid back, pulling her close and continued to fondle her breasts, pinching at the nipples and twisting them. Raven moaned, letting out a soft cry. Her hips pushed against his, rolling them against his own as her body grew warmer.

He pulled off her shirt and buried his face between her breasts, nipping and sucking at the skin in between "Mmph.."

She panted and reached around, unclipping her bra. She slid it off and tossed it to the floor with her shirt. Her breasts were above average, at least a high C. He drooled when her bra came off and licked her breast, soon bringing her nipple into his mouth and sucking on it, nibbling a little here and there. She moaned and gripped his soft hair gently, closing her eyes in pleasure. Her hands soon went to his shirt and she pulled it off him.

He let her undress him, he soon kicked off his socks an pants. He licked his lips and bit gently on her breast before sucking hard enough to leave a hickey. She did the same, getting her socks and jeans off. She looked down at him, blushing and panting. He soon lifted her off of him for a moment an kicked off his boxers, being naked beside her now. He swallowed but smiled up at her "Do you.. Like what you see Nii-chan?"

"I do....I like what I see a lot..." She blushed and then pulled off her underwear. "W-what about me Maxxie..?"

"I love what I see.." he whispered and grabbed her, pulling her onto his lap and latched his mouth on her neck