memory take him over.

 

xx

 

Tsukishima was sitting on the floor at elementary school, his nose in a book. Kids ran by him, but no one seemed to take any notice of the too tall boy, tucked away into a corner. He glanced up occasionally, but he didn’t make any effort to talk.

A young boy with mousy brown hair slowly made his way over, shyly picking at his hands.

“Hi, I’m Y-Yamaguchi!”

The young Tsukishima flicked his eyes up to observe the boy before they went back down to the book he was reading.

There was a pulse of light, and Tetsurou looked around confused, before the memories faded back into view.

“I’m telling you, Yamaguchi, I still see in monochrome!” Tsukishima’s voice cut through the previous silence, annoyance obvious. “Why are you so obsessed with whether I can see in colour or not? You’ve asked me every day for three weeks! Just chill out, when I see in colour, I’ll tell you. It’s not like you see in colour either.”

Yamaguchi turned away from Tsukishima, and focused on eating the bento in his hand.

“It’s not like I want to see in colour anyway. All that means is that you belong to another human. How is that right?”

“It’s fate, Tsukki!”

“It’s wrong.”

The conversation came to freeze frame, only for it to fast forward. Tetsurou watched everyone moving too quickly before it finally all came to a stop.

A teacher was making her way to Tsukishima, who noticed her coming. His fists clenched but she held her hands up. “Tsukishima, the principal needs you in his office. Now.”

A confused Tsukishima frowned, but followed.

The memory sparked, jumped ahead.

Tsukishima was staring at the principal, shock written on his face. “There’s been an accident; did you hear me, Tsukishima?”

Jump.

Tsukishima running home, tears pouring down his face.

Jump.

Tsukishima, fifteen years old, and in a bed with another young boy. From their resemblance, they must have been brothers. They were sobbing into each other, hands clinging for comfort.

 

xx

 

Tetsurou pulled himself out the memory, panting as he did so. He lay there, staring at the wall again, thinking over what he had watched.

First of all, Yamaguchi seemed to be a problem. Tetsurou thought back to the happiness in his eyes when he asked Tsukishima if he could see in colour; the confusion and guilt when Tsukishima had said it’s not like you see in colour. Had Yamaguchi seen colour because of Tsukishima at a younger age?

Tetsurou growled into the darkness of his room. He was on edge; Yamaguchi, an un-mated beta, staying near his omega- Tetsurou forced himself to stop. Tsukishima hated that phrasing, hated being called an omega.

Taking a few breaths to calm himself, Tetsurou thought back on the other words. Tsukishima, there’s been an accident. He wondered what the accident could have been, and then shook his head. Tsukishima would tell him when the time was right.

Checking the clock, Tetsurou groaned to see it was almost 3am, and he’d been tossing and turning most of the night after the game had finished – trust him to get addicted to a foreign sports team.

He ran a hand through his hair before settling down to sleep.


Tsukishima… Kei-chan… I hope you’re alright.

Heads up! I totally forgot to post this in between chapters five and six, but there is a chapter 5.5 that went up earlier today! You can read here: All I See is Grey

I am so sorry this chapter took so long to come out; I've been ill and trying to get coursework done all day and things have been a little hectic, but here you are!

Monday came quickly for Kuroo.  He slept in, rushed out the house barely fully dressed, ran back for his volleyball kit, and by the time he got school, he was exhausted. Somehow, Kuroo managed to get to classes, eat his bento and then get to the gym to practice all on autopilot.   He tried checking in with Tsukishima once or twice (or maybe seven times), but all his texts went unanswered, and his gentle little Tsukishima? Are you alright? were met with I thought I told you to leave me alone and eventually Kuroo gave up.  Stepping into the volleyball court, Kuroo felt adrenaline rush around his body and he perked up. He nodded at his team members, some of them there already; some classes must have been let out a little earlier than usual.  Disappearing to change, Kuroo wasn’t surprised to find Kozume sitting in the locker room, tapping on his PSP.  “You waiting for me now?”  “I wanted to check in on you. I saw you around today and you looked pretty distracted.”  Kuroo clenched his jaw, taking his uniform shirt off to pull on his training one. “Been a rough few days.”  “