“shocking” to traditionalists, and no one expected the venture to be at all successful, but business had been booming at Sanctuary ever since the first season it was open, and they had even recently expanded after several years of full occupancy with a waiting list.

The more he considered it, the more appealing the idea became to Jared. He’d always preferred the company of Betas and Omegas to other Alphas, and he hadn’t been camping in years. Gen was thrilled, too.

“It’s going to be great, Jared,” she insisted. “This is going to be a season you’ll never forget!”

-----

A pretty Beta greeted them in the office when they checked into Sanctuary. “Welcome back, Gen,” she said with a cheery smile, not batting an eye at Jared’s presence.

“Hey, Danneel,” Genevieve returned the greeting with a broad grin of her own. “Where’s Jensen?”

Danneel’s smile faltered. “He’s having a rough heat this year, so he’s in seclusion. It’s been over a week now, so you may still get to see him before you leave. Let me just fetch your forms.”

Jared recognized the name of the owner. “The owner usually greets everybody?” he asked Gen.

“He says he likes to know who’s staying at his place. He’s really a great guy--I think you’d like him. He’s so self-confident and tall that I almost thought he was an Alpha at first.”

Jared wasn’t sure why she thought that meant Jared would like him. He scanned the behavior contract Danneel handed him only briefly before signing. He was pretty sure he would be alone most of the time, so there was no reason to read every clause.

Gen, however, seemed to think he needed to socialize, so she dragged him to a gathering that first evening. True to his expectations, the majority of the campers were Omegas. Some of them were in mild heats, and they pressed themselves up against him, openly admiring his muscular form and other attributes. He gently refused each and every one. He didn’t feel drawn to any of them. Maybe he was broken, he thought to himself.

However, the next morning he woke up sweaty and hard from a fevered dream of knotting a faceless Omega. He hadn’t had a dream like that since he was a teenager! He told himself it was all the pheromones from the Omegas the night before, but when the restlessness and erection did not subside after several hours, he realized he was in his first rut.

At first, he locked himself in his cabin, terrified that at any moment his hormones would turn him into a sexual Mr. Hyde. He didn’t want to hurt any of the Omegas that had fled here to escape Alphas like that. Much to his surprise, he never felt the urge to pursue anyone. He was horny as hell and jerked off over a dozen times the first day, but he was no more aggressive than he’d ever been. Apparently, an Alpha rut only made one an asshole if they already were one before.

By the third day, he was going absolutely stir-crazy. He waited until early evening, when most other campers would either be in for the night or at the nightly gatherings before taking a long walk. The cool evening air felt heavenly on his perpetually flushed skin, and the sounds of nature were soothing.

He stopped in his tracks when the most amazing smell hit his nose. He knew what it was immediately, as he’d smelled the scent of an Omega in heat before, but it had never affected him like it did now. He was instantly and painfully hard. He had to unfasten his pants. He wondered absently if it was the rut making the scent so much sweeter and more inviting. He had to know who the Omega was. He would never force himself on them, but he wanted a face to connect the mouth-watering scent with. If he also selfishly wanted a face for the Omega in his nightly wet dreams and masturbation fantasies, well, it wouldn’t hurt anybody.

He wandered down the trail toward a large cabin tucked farther back in the woods than other buildings Jared had seen at the resort. It never crossed his mind that he would be unwelcome until he was confronted by a ridiculously attractive man with blazing green eyes. He was tall, though not as tall as Jared, and broad. His annoyance at Jared’s intrusion was palpable, though his cheeks were flushed and his pupils were dilated. Jared realized the delicious heat scent was pouring off this man, and he knew with certainty that this must be the fabled Jensen.

“Get out of here, Alpha,” Jensen spat the word out like it tasted bad, “I don’t want you here.”

“Sorry,” Jared mumbled, one hand unconsciously falling to press itself against his straining erection. He truly intended to walk away, but it honestly felt like his stubborn cock was being magnetically drawn