bit of myself in them.

"I love it." I reassured them. I chatted with Napstablook for a little bit and we went our separate ways; but when they left I wasn't exactly sure where to go. After wandering around for a few minutes I found a sign that pointed me in what I assumed was the right direction. I walked east for what felt like hours but eventually I came to a part in the cave where I heard voices.

"I won't... Die... I won't..." The voice echoed along with some other sounds I wasn't certain of, and I started jogging to where it was coming from. I turned a corner and stopped, my right hand on Napstablook's holster, and looked around- but it seemed I was too late. There was no human, and a pile of dust. I ran to the end of the cavern, jumping over the dust, and looked down the next path; but there was nothing. I sighed and turned back around, walking up to the dust and getting down on one knee. I laid my hand on it.

I worked from the most recent memory backwards, from their death to the events that lead up to it. My heart sank when I realized that this was Undyne, who was apparently the underground's greatest warrior. Before Undyne's fight with the human she had seen the dust of many monsters around Waterfall that I had never seen, and I saw her talking with another monster named Alphys about evacuating the monsters in a place called Hotland. I worked to ressurect all the monsters from Waterfall that had died and I did Undyne last; the same way I had with Papyrus and all the monsters in Snowdin.

When I exited Undyne's mind I found that I was pinned to the ground, someone's foot on my chest. Opening my eyes I saw it was Undyne herself, spear in hand and pointed at my neck.

"Who are you?" She growled and pushed her boot down on my chest harder, triggering a series of coughs from me. I turned my head to the side so that I didn't choke on the blood that I knew I would cough up- there was a lot of it this time. When I looked back at Undyne I saw that her expression has shifted some, but she didn't let up.

"Answer me."

"I'm not your enemy. I want to help you." I choked out through the blood that was building in the back of my throat. I shifted uncomfortably and felt that my shirt was wet and sticking to my arm.

"How can I trust you?" Undyne asked, glaring. I reached down and took my knife out, holding the blade and offering it to her. She looked at me cautiously and took one hand off her spear, taking the knife and sliding it across the floor away from me.

"Any other weapons?" She asked and I shook my head, trying to swallow back some blood and ending up coughing it up. Undyne took her foot off my chest and I promptly flipped onto my hands and knees, coughing and spitting out blood onto the floor. Undyne moved to my left and leaned against her spear.

"Thanks." My voice was horse but I kept my normal expressionless complexion.

"What are you doing here?" Undyne continued her interrogation though I didn't blame her- not only was it her job to do this but the last human she encountered killed her.

"I've been following the other human and bringing every monster they kill back to life." I answered honestly but didn't expect her to believe me- humans normally weren't able to do the things I could.

"Oh really?" Just as I expected Undyne smirked and pushed herself off her spear, readying it again.

"Ask Papyrus."

She froze, and then glared at me. "Don't you say shit about him."

"Really; call him up. I'm sure he'd be glad to talk to you. You guys need to schedule your next training session, right?" The fact that I was saying all this with a blank look and monotone voice to someone who was very dangerous and pissed off definitely wasn't my greatest idea, but I didn't exactly have any other emotion. I wasn't scared- My antagonizing was strategic. I knew she'd challenge me and end up calling him, and when he'd answer she'd be stunned as she thought he was dead. But if that didn't work out, it was just their loss- I wouldn't be there to help them anymore. I wasn't afraid of dying.

My plan worked. Undyne pulled a phone out of seemingly nowhere and called him, even putting it on speakerphone. But when the ringing was cut off by a lively "Hey Undyne!" her jaw dropped.

"Paps?" Undyne quickly took the phone off speaker and put it to her ear, though this didn't stop me from hearing what Papyrus said.

"Yes?"

"I