. Christ.” He moved aside and gestured inside of the apartment. It was clear that he wasn’t the fondest about your company. You can only assume he was busy working away with a project, or laying out on the futon watching some shitty reality TV show. “Dave’ll be home in a while, you can just go chill until he gets here. I don’t really care.”

You shake your head and walk past him, kicking off your shoes and taking a seat on the futon. Even though you were a little shaky and you were finding it hard to focus on anything but your filthy plan, you found it easy to fall into routine here. Your choice in seating was the far end of the futon, where a can of beer was open with it’s condensation dripping down the side of it and a bag of Doritos laid open. Of course you can’t help but help yourself to a handful of them, clearly Dave’s older brother was the epitome of selflessness. The warmth of the cushion indicates that your latter guess about his previous place was right, and that you had just taken his spot on the futon. You knew this is exactly where he liked to sit, without the help of the indentation in the cushion. It was some sort of sick game to you to try and get under this older man’s skin. He was always so calm and collected, taking everything in stride. Nobody would understand just how pleased it made you when you got a rise out of him.

“We’ve gone over this fuckin’ thousands of times, Egbert. This is where I sit, and your ass goes on the floor if you take my spot. If I didn’t know you well enough I’d question your intelligence.” Despite his big talk he takes his ‘new’ seat next to you. You chalk up another victory and offer him a smug grin, getting comfortable by very visibly wiggling yourself down into the spot Bro had made for himself earlier.

“I wouldn’t say it was thousands.” You start to pick at the seams and threads on the outside of your jeans, nervousness seeping back in as you felt those sharp eyes focused right on you. Hell he could probably tell something was on your mind just by how you were acting, you could feel him about to make a crack about the way you were making loving eye contact with your feet. Alright John, it’s now or never. If you don’t spit it out you’ll get too fucking overwhelmed to do it, and you’ll spend the rest of the week kicking yourself for it.

“I want to ask you a big favor, a birthday present you could say. I know you aren’t too keen to help out, but we’ve known each other long enough that it’s about time. ” You lick at your lips, your heart racing in your chest. Anyone in their right mind would hear that little crack in your voice. It wasn’t puberty; it was your nerves trying to break through your cool-guy act. This wasn’t some easy question, and bringing the topic up with someone as unpredictable as Bro Strider was tough. You played out the situation in your head thousands of times and it came out different each time. He didn’t bother with a vocal response, he gave the classic raised brow asking you to go on and you do, at least you try to.

“When I was a kid, Dave told me you were some sort of weirdo pornstar. I laughed it off as a joke, but I got curious and started searching. It didn’t take a lot of work to find you, and well I had to admit that he wasn’t lying. I know for a fact you’ve got a lot of ties with the bigger filming companies and are still regularly filming, and I want in.” You pause for a well-earned breath, tipping your head up to look into those black shades, instead of engraving the thread count of your socks into memory. “I want you to let me meet your agent, or however you do it. Help me out.” You called that talking but it was more like word vomit. You tried to pull the sentences together and struggled, losing the confidence to look at him. Despite how many times you had practised it in the mirror of your bathroom, it just didn’t flow the way you thought it would.

The way you know he was looking at you didn’t make it feel any better, you could feel it. Something about the elder Strider just made you feel like you were on the hot plate. Just when you had convinced yourself that it wasn’t going to get any worse, he actually started laughing. His laugh was a warm and low chuckle you’ve rarely heard in your life, if it wasn’t rudely directed at you, you might have enjoyed hearing it. “That ain’t no job for you, kid. If you want to make cash go