, both physically and mentally, and knows that when Bastion leaves they’re doing it for the good of the team, and that they’ll always come back. Ganyamede is smarter than anyone gives the bird credit for and will get Zenyatta if Bastion goes truly haywire. Genji worries, but lets it be – Bastion could never hurt Zenyatta, its Awakened programming managing to overwrite the old war protocols and keeping Zenyatta safe as he helps the other omnic calm down.

The team flinches back, usually. The old guard remembers Genji’s rage, how he only held back because they were allies at that point in time, and how his note said he was leaving them and if they were smart and didn’t want to be sent back in a body bag to not follow him. Not that they could, anyway; Genji was near impossible to find unless he wanted to be found. The new guard flinches back out of surprise – they’ve heard of his rage, but have a hard time believing it. Genji is more passive aggressive now if he’s annoyed, but other than that he’s very laid back though a little more down to earth than Zenyatta. Some people are particularly stubborn – Zarya, for one, is on the receiving end of a few nonchalant words that remind her that Genji is dangerous, is an assassin raised in a family of assassins, children given blades instead of dolls, and Bastion is someone who has earned his loyalty and trust and she very much is not, so if he has to pick between the two she better learn very quickly that it’s not going to be her as his first choice. Zarya is angry at the words, but cannot fault them, and so she leaves. (When Genji tells Zenyatta about this incident, Zenyatta only tells him that things between them all will only be more awkward, but it was something that needed said. Genji will nod, and the two will meditate some more.)

Once, though, D. Va, Lucio, and Tracer only look sad.

“We wanted to give them a present,” Tracer informed Genji, and the three showed bits and pieces of soft and textured cloth and suet and a little bird feeder they had accumulated for Bastion to give to Ganyamede. Genji still doesn’t go out and find the automaton, but he does promise to inform them immediately after the omnic returns, because they always do.

(Genji knows that, currently, they are next to the sparse forest area near the ocean from the memories they have shared with Zenyatta and Genji. It’s peaceful there; with no people and no city in sight, just Bastion, Ganyamede, and other forest critters. It reduces the strain on the Awakened programing from constantly overwriting the war programming, Zenyatta surmises, and Genji can’t quite understand but knows that Bastion draws comfort in both of them being there for them. Bastion will return in the hour before dawn, when everyone’s sleeping or too tired to pay much attention except for those who await their return. The gifts, Genji thinks, will do a lot for their normally despairing state they’re always in when they come back.)

He’s right, of course. Bastion cheers and immediately sets up the little feeder on their shoulder, the young members of the group excitedly crowding around and helping them. Normally, this would cause the omnic to be on high alert, but the three’s excitement was contagious and Bastion seemed comfortable enough.

Genji and Zenyatta watched from nearby. The pre – dawn light suffused the scene, adding a strange sort of timeless magic that made Genji tap the side of his visor, taking a picture with the hardly-used function. Zenyatta hummed in amusement and understanding, recognizing the action.

“It seemed in need of preservation,” Genji murmurs, not so much a defensive action as one of admission.

“It is,” Zenyatta replies in a way that makes Genji wonder if he, too, took a picture of the scene. He decides it doesn’t really matter and resolves to print it and get a frame to give it to Bastion. The omnic had a room that was more Spartan than Genji’s (which is saying something, seeing as he carries very little with him now), and most of the decorations are for Ganyamede anyway. It would be nice to give the omnic something for themselves – and it seems that they are perhaps a bit partial to presents.

Genji smiles. It will be a good day for Bastion, it seems.

Actually wanted to use a different translation, but Google was being a jerk. Japanese/Latin Characters for "link".Fun fact: I… might’ve… forgotten about Bastion a little bit. Just a bit. Which is why I spent 1500 words on a short about Bastion and the Robos™.Fun fact 2: I know the general fandom consensus is he/him pronouns for Bastion, along with some she/her and it in some others, but I like the idea of non-binary Bastion. True self is without form, and Bastion just seems to be the kind of character to not