her girlfriend’s soft pink tank top. Calliope begins to close her mouth when her breath catches in her lungs, forcing her to cough deeply, the sound reverberating in the room. One cough begets another, and another, and another, until she can barely get air in at all.

“Hoooly shit, Callie.” Roxy utters concernedly when her fit lets up. She rubs Calliope’s back soothingly.

“Thought it was weird when I woke up and you weren’t in bed. You feelin’ sick? ’S why you were out here?” Calliope shakes her head and rubs at the back of her neck.

“Just couldn’t sleep.” She admits, feeling bad for leaving Roxy without so much as a word. Was she feeling sick? Was such a thing possible?

“That was a hell of a coughin’ fit, babe. You sure you’re okay?” Roxy asks, tracing firm, slow circles into Calliope’s back. The feeling is soothing, incredibly nice on her sore body. Calliope hums in response, knowing it to be noncommittal but uncertain how to answer. Roxy shifts forward, hugging her girlfriend closer.

“Gettin’ taller, sweetcheeks.” Roxy notes, laying her head on Calliope’s shoulder. Yep, she’s right— Roxy didn’t have to bend down to hug her anymore. Whether or not this is a good thing, Calliope isn’t sure. The 3 or so inches she’s grown since her 19th birthday are beginning to show. Goodness, that had been fun. Though Calliope didn’t really have a ‘birthday’ proper, Roxy had insisted on celebrating one for her. The two had eventually settled on the date her chat handle had been registered, Roxy extrapolating it from Calliope’s computer data to be sometime after the second week of November; and the rest had been history from there. The fifteenth of November that year, they’d thrown a huge party with half of the damn Consort Kingdom invited. Roxy had referred to it as her ‘hatchday bash’. Oh, goodness, that date was fast approaching once more. Calliope couldn’t help but feel a pang of excitement at the prospect. Along with a tightening in her chest as she descended once more into another coughing fit. Roxy clapped her a few times on the back in an attempt to help her clear whatever was upsetting her lungs. She presses her ear to Calliope’s back and listens for a moment and, sure enough, hears her wheezing loud and clear.

“C’mon, we need’a get you sittin’ down,” Roxy asserts, gently pulling her away from the window. Calliope acquiesces, allowing herself to be moved to the couch. She… really wasn’t doing well, was she? Oh god, what if she was well and truly ill? Cherubs, generally, spend so little time around other living creatures that becoming sick was nigh unheard of. The only time a cherub became ill was when they were already so weak that death was not a question of ‘if’, but ‘when’. And the answer was usually ‘soon’.

Roxy shook the cherub from her momentary terror when she laid the back of her hand against Calliope’s forehead. Which wouldn’t accomplish much, given that she didn’t really have skin. But the gesture was appreciated all the same.

“Damnit, hold on.” Roxy announces, quickly walking off in the direction of the bathroom. Calliope can hear the soft clinking of bottles and other items as her girlfriend rummages in the medicine cabinet. She returns, triumphant, with the thermometer in hand. The item is placed in Calliope’s mouth, under the fork of her tongue. It’s a full, uncomfortable minute before the device beeps to indicate it has a result, with Roxy planting herself on the arm of the couch in the meantime. Roxy quickly removes the thermometer, examining the screen. Her face scrunches indecipherably.

“Everything alright, there?” Calliope asks softly, more than a little concerned now.

“I’m… not sure what I was expecting.” She turns over the thermometer to Calliope, who immediately moves to read the little LCD readout. ‘ERR’ flashes in blocky letters.

“’S made for humans. Which, uh…yeah.” Roxy explains, setting the object aside.

“This is prob’bly something we should’a thought about sooner. Shit, Callie, ‘m sorry about that.” She says, patting Calliope’s shoulder.

“Could’a gotten a proper thermometer and a baseline on ya if I’d given any thought to it. Shiiiit.” Roxy laments, throwing her head back dramatically. Calliope stews in her own private moment of fear at Roxy’s admission that something was wrong. She’s roused from it quickly when Roxy leans over and pets the top of Calliope’s head. Her hands are warm and feel nice against her skull. Calliope presses back into her palms and chirps, a rasping little crickety sound. She happily soaks up her girlfriend’s gentle attention, feeling a great