George were talking to each other as they followed her to breakfast, saying that complexities were never lost on them, and how they could have been in Ravenclaw with such brilliant minds - if  only it weren't for their red hair. She chuckled, listening to them the entire way to breakfast.

	When they sat down at Gryffindor table, Fred on one side and George on her other side, George banged his fist on the table. “I told you it was too bloody early for breakfast! 'We'll get all the bacon to ourselves' you said! 'Won't have to share the eggs' you said! Where in the bloody hell is the food then Gred? It hasn't even been served yet!”

	Darcy was surprised by his outburst, to say the least. She quickly looked at Fred, who was glaring at his twin. “Just wait, would you? The food will be served any time now, Forge.”

	“Well I can't believe anything from you anymore, now can I?” George retorted. “You'll say anything to get me to go along with you now, won't you? Lying to your dearest brother for some bird! I never thought I'd see the day!”

	“Don't be daft!” Fred told his twin. When he looked at Darcy she was watching her plate with a confused look. “I think I'm going to need an American-English dictionary.” she announced. “Birds, and  prats, and daft? Plus meat in your pie? I barely know what's going on half the time.” The twins looked at each other and start laughing at her. She glared at each of them in turn, but said nothing else. 

	A few minutes later students had started entering the dining room and the food finally appeared. The twins filled their own plates, and as Darcy was just sitting there staring at her empty plate they start filling hers as well. “This here is sausage-” George told her. “And eggs... and bacon. A typical English breakfast.” Fred said.

	“I know that! I'm not an idiot.” Darcy grumbled, and picked up her fork and started eating. George poured her a glass of juice, and Darcy just stared at it. “Pumpkin?” she asked.

	“Helps you grow big and strong!” George grinned.

	“What, you don't have coffee here?”  Darcy asked, looking around the table. 

	“Americans...” the twins said, shaking their heads in unison. Darcy shrugged and took a sip of her juice.

	Suddenly Darcy felt a weird tingling on her head, and George was laughing his ass off. She looked at Fred, and his face was white as a ghost and he was staring over her head. When she looked up she saw little hearts with wings flitting in circles above her, and little Fred's making kiss faces. Darcy was mortified. She knew that her face had turned bright red, and she couldn't bring herself to look at either twin. She got up and ran out of the dining room, but most students were coming in, and it was making it difficult for her to leave.

	She couldn't believe that she had made her budding crush on Fred so obvious. And now half the school had seen her like this... What the hell was she supposed to do? She hid behind a large statue and hoped that she could stay there forever. George obviously thought this was hilarious, but had Fred helped him pull the prank? Sure he had looked surprised, but maybe he was just a good actor. Maybe the twins thought mortifying the new girl would be funny. Maybe they thought of it as a right of passage. Darcy didn't know what to think... Fred had just been so kind last night.

	She heard Fred calling her name, and that made her cover her face. She couldn't face him knowing that he knew about her attraction to him. When she heard his steps getting closer to her hiding spot she closed her eyes and prayed to become invisible.

 

	FRED

 

	When Fred saw the prank that George pulled on Darcy he could hardly breathe. He saw his face floating above her head, looking like he was trying to kiss the little hearts flitting about and knew that George had placed a potion they had been working on in her juice. “You bloody git!” he yelled at his twin, as he watched Darcy try to run out of the Great Hall. “What did you go and do that for?”

	George tried to calm his laughter as he said “The look on your face! Priceless!”

	“Now she's going to hate me! You made a joke out of her by announcing to the whole school that I fancy her. Now she won't want to talk to me at all!” Fred was furious. He understood a good prank, but Darcy was so nervous about being at a new school and he knew that she'd hate having people talking about her. He got up from the table and walked right into Professor McGonagall.