alone!" That was it, Stiles was done.

His inside were exploding with all the angst he was keeping pent up inside. He bolted up from his seat as the whole class drew their attention back to Stiles. The tears he was fighting back all period were finally falling down as his face flushed red and he stormed out of the classroom. Everyone looked utterly confused and some were even looking genuinely worried; all taking turns to ask Scott what was going on with him.
"Is he okay?"
"What happened?"
"What the hell is his problem?"
Scott was almost getting irritated at this point, but he then realized how Stiles must have just felt with him asking questions and constantly surveying him.
"He's fine. He just needs a minute to breath. Worry about yourself right now and don't go and bother him after class."
Scott told them all with a very dry and flat tone. Keeping his eyes at the front of class trying to obviously seem like he doesn't want to talk to them about Stiles. They turned and focused back on the teacher how finally presumed his teachings once they all finally gave back their attention.
Stiles stopped in the middle of the deserted hall, dropping to his knees, he held his head in his hands and was trying not to break down. But it was too late, he was gasping for breath in between his deep sobs that came from the pit of his stomach. Scott was keeping his ears focused on Stiles and heard the frantic release of Stiles cry. 'fuck, what do i do?' He was running through his head if he should go after him or not, he wanted to go and comfort him but with the way Stiles just yelled at him to back off he didn't want to push him anymore. Stiles sat that in the middle of the hall with his back arched over his knees and his hands still rested on his buzz cut styled hair. He let out a scream, as loud as he could, he needed to get all he was feeling out, Scott slammed his hands over his ears as this was very unexpected and it hurt. The whole school had to have heard this. But did Isaac? Stiles was lost, broken to this point from 3 months of the way Isaac has been treating him. Like he was nothing but a fuck toy to dominate and control. It wasn't even just with their sex life, Isaac had been ordering him around and making him do anything he wanted. He had become a control freak, and with Stiles being Stiles, he obliged and did whatever his lover asked.. or more so demanded of him. Stiles was a lover and cared deeply for people, he would always do whatever it took for someone to be happy. Did he let it go too far this time? Was he really just something for Isaac to play with now? What happened to the boy he fell madly in love with? The shy and introverted kid that came into his life 3 yrs ago. 'He was turned ' Stiles thought in answer to his own questions, and this thought seemed to have brought feelings of resentment that he has always tried not to feel. But it wasn't like the attitude change from Isaac was immediate when he became a werewolf. He still treated Stiles with more respect than he did now. I mean granted he did become a lot more confident but it was sexy and Stiles loved it, it was only more of a playful thing when it came to Stiles. Now, it's cold and manipulating. He doesn't feel loved or passionately wanted any more. He feels used and dirty now. His whole world has been spinning out of control since werewolves became a real thing, 'i hate them. i hate it. it's ruined my fucking life. I'm done with all of them. Fuck these werewolves and all their stupid fucking drama. I'm done.' Stiles got up and ran out of the school as fast he could before people came to check what the scream was. Scott had leaped out of the classroom once Stiles' scream halted, he decided it was better for him to go get him then someone else but once he got out of the classroom and to the spot in the hallway where Stiles was, all that was left was the half piece of broken pencil from earlier laying in the middle of the floor. Stiles was running out to his jeep in the parking lot, he hurriedly pulled his keys from his pocket and was frantically shuffling through them to find the one he need to get into and start his car. Scott was more than just worried now, he feared what Stiles was going to do, he has never in all the years he has known him, seen him freak out this badly. Scott followed Stiles scent that lead out to the parking lot, He saw Stiles slamming his palms into the steering wheel out of rage all while he could still hear him crying harder than he thought was possible.


"Stiles! Wait up!" Scott was moving closer to the jeep but when Stiles noticed his best friend getting closer, he pulled himself