hour after he comes; longer if he falls asleep.

Nick gives his own cock an apologetic little squeeze - sorry, false alarm - and shifts out from between Harry’s legs, running a hand over Harry’s thighs as he eases them back together. “Right, well, I’ll just put some pants back on and do us a cuppa, shall I?”

Harry’s eyes shoot open and he grabs Nick’s wrist, fingers digging in. “No-ooo, don’t leave,” he says. “I want you to fuck me.”

Nick tries to free his arm. “Don’t be silly, you’ve just come. Give it a few minutes until you’re ready to go again. We can have a brew and I think I’ve even got some biscuits in.”

"Nick." Harry pushes him onto his back and rolls on top of him, pinning Nick’s wrists to the bed with his hands and sitting on his thighs. Nick always forgets, in between times, how strong Harry is these days. "I said, I want you to fuck me."

"And I said, give it a minute," Nick says. He bucks his hips up, trying to shift Harry off, and Harry makes a little noise and goes cross-eyed. Oh, right - he’s still got the plug in, and he must be incredibly sensitive since he’s just come.

But he doesn’t seem uncomfortable. “Nick.” Harry’s tongue darts out over his bottom lip. His expression is wicked. He shifts forwards so Nick’s cock is nestled between his arse cheeks and rocks his hips deliberately, not even trying to hide the gasp it forces out of him as the plug shifts. “Fuck. Come on, I want it. Don’t you want to fuck me?”

Of course Nick does. Nick wants everything Harry’ll let him have, and a few more things besides; but he’s been working on trying to be less obvious about it. He suspects he’s not doing very well.

"I do, but I want you to enjoy it," Nick makes himself say.

Harry rocks his hips again. “I will, I swear. I like it when it’s too much, sometimes.” He bites his bottom lip and drops his head so he’s looking at Nick through his eyelashes. “What if we did it like this, if I ride you? Then I can stop if it’s not good.”

Harry Styles is a menace. He should be illegal, or at least come with a warning label: Attention Nick Grimshaw: behind this average face lies your doom. "Alright, have it your way," Nick says. Harry always does, anyway.

Harry’s grin is instantaneous. “Wicked. Okay, let me just - ” he turns himself around so he’s facing Nick’s feet, arse in Nick’s face, and waggles his bum. “Will you take it out for me?”

It’s a lovely view, Harry’s arse with a plug in it. Nick can’t resist taking his time with it, cupping Harry’s bum and running his hands down Harry’s thighs before he even gets to the plug. Then he plays with that for a little bit, tapping the base and loving the way it makes Harry twitch.

"Nick, come on," Harry says after a minute. "Hurry up."

"Why should I?" Nick says absentmindedly, running a finger around the edge of the plug.

"Because if you don’t, I’ll do this," Harry says, and folds himself nearly in half to take the head of Nick’s cock into his mouth.

"And why," it’s an effort to keep his voice steady, Harry’s mouth is brilliant, "why would I not want you to do that?"

Harry lets Nick’s cock slip out of his mouth with a wet pop and straightens up, sending a smug glance back over his shoulder. “Because you want to fuck me just as much as I want to get fucked, and if you come in my mouth we’ll both have to wait.”

He may have a point. Nick gets a grip on the base of the plug and tugs. It slides out with a slick little noise and he drops it on the bed. Bugger the clean sheets. Or is it bugger on the clean sheets? Both.

“Mm, much better, thanks,” Harry says. Then he wiggles his bum at Nick. “Shall we do it like this?”

Nick runs his hands down Harry’s sides to his hips. “No, turn around, I want to see you.”

It’s at least a minor miracle that no-one gets kneed in the face or groin, but eventually Harry’s settled facing Nick. “Hi,” he says, ducking in to press a quick kiss to Nick’s lips. “Missed you.”

It’s the way he