drown my sorrows and you get to take my back home. You should feel honored."

"Okay, somebody's in a terrible mood tonight. I'll leave you alone. Just remember, don't do anything I wouldn't do." He walked away with a wink. The bastard went to the dance floor, joining an excited Jongin and a reluctant Kyungsoo. Luhan was really glad they hit it off so easily; when parts of different worlds connect, they don't always fit. And it's much easier when they do.

He went upstairs, scanning the room full of people chatting, drinking and dancing. The place was filled with energy, bursting with life. Dozens of different lives coming together on one crowded space. He spotted a familiar figure on the corner, sitting on a wicker chair, and wandered closer for a better look. It turned out to be the stranger from Jongin's party, though the orange mob of hair was red as fire, and he could make out his features better now that he was considerably less intoxicated. Fiery eyes, big cheeks, thin frame on tight red pants. A face so familiar, even if now it was more masculine.

He couldn't resist. He bent forward, kissing the boy softly, tentatively.

 

The boy kissed him back.

 

The world seemed to move slower on Luhan's head, as if it was stopping to savor the moment. Because he sure was. When the kiss ended, earlier than he wanted to, the boy spoke.

"That was a hell of an introduction." He smiled, looking up and placing his hands on Luhan's waist."And you still haven't asked for my name."

"I don't know what you're called" He the boy's hair, making it messy. "But I know what I would like to call you. Please? Can I call you her name?" Luhan himself didn't know why he had such an obsession with the stranger and wanting to name him after Sohee, but it was there. He couldn't deny it, so why not just roll with it. No harm in asking, he thought, especially since he was being extra-polite.

The boy grimaced. "No, you can't." His hands fell from Luhan's back. "You've asked me before, and I've answered you already. You know it's not polite to call a person by someone else's name, right?"

"Yes, but-" He didn't know how to continue. After all, he didn't know the reason behind his actions either. He was being fueled by instinct.

"It seems like you have a lot of thinking to do, and I don't want to get in the way." He got up from the chair and walked away. For the second time, Luhan was left alone, wondering how on earth would he mend his heart. He liked the boy, he knew, but was that enough?

 

***

 

The third time they met was not a coincidence anymore. Luhan begged Kyungsoo for information, giving him his best deer eyes impersonation. He wanted to make things right, and get to know him better. Kyungsoo was intrigued by his sudden interest on the boy, asking him questions with a teasing smile.

"So you like Minseok." So that was his name. Minseok. Luhan played it over and over again inside his head, as if it would give him all the answers he was looking for.

"Well, I didn't know that was his name, but yes." He admitted, looking at the floor. If he wanted things to work out, he would need all the help he could get. "I do."

"I won't even ask about that." Kyungsoo's eyes grew wide, as they usually did for everything. Surprise, joy, fear, excitement: his eyes took half of his face. Adorable like their poodles, as Jongin liked to sigh around the house. "The thing is I'm really good friends with him, and I want to make sure you're not just fooling around. Because if so, I'd have to break your face, pretty deer eyes and all."

Luhan shuddered. Kyungsoo could be pretty scary when he wanted to."I'm serious about this. Please help me."

Kyungsoo studied his face. "I've heard from the man himself he's going to the Parrot's Beak concert, alone. And he likes to arrive early. Good luck, pretty boy."

 

And so to the concert he went. It was on a show house downtown, and since he was about an hour early, the place wasn't particularly crowded. He spotted Minseok near the smoke alarm, trying to open it one-handedly.

"What are we doing here?" Luhan asked as he came closer. When Minseok turned, he could see the boy had a broken arm, with a cast supporting it and all. He had pink hair and a