answer out before the boy in question appeared with someone in tow behind him. 

“Senpai!” Manami grinned at Toudou for a moment seemingly unaware that the angry one was glaring at him. “Look Sakamichi made it! One of the other Senpai’s took over at the haunted house for me so I could go get him.”

“Hi Onoda.” Makahisma waved and Onoda waved back looking nervous more than anything else. It would probably take him longer than it had taken Makishima to get used to having a pushy fussy rival. 

“Well that’s great, now go enjoy the carnival and take Arakita with you.” Toudou said making shooing motions towards the lot of them. “Maybe shove him in Fuku’s direction.”

“You two don’t get to start on me at least I didn’t ditch to pick up my crush from the station.” The angry one, Arakita apparently, glared between Manami and Toudou. Though Toudou said nothing Makishima could see his face gaining colour again out of the corner of his eyes.

“I didn’t want Sakamichi to get lost between there and here, you probably would have let them get lost.” Manami shrugged grinning when Arakita snarled at him and dragging Onoda off before anyone else had a chance to growl at them. Arakita stalked off after them growling about ungrateful little brats. 

“So what’s so special about this haunted house then?” Makishima asked quietly when it seemed like Toudou might just inspect the ground for the rest of the night instead of bouncing back to his usual chatty self. 

Toudou looked back up at him with a grin that only wavered at little and launched into an explanation of the haunted out dragging Makishima off in the direction of where they’d set it up. The guy at the entrance, some dude with floppy red hair who was eating a bar of some kind and wearing bunny ears, waved them through with a slight smirk. 

The haunted house was pretty decent considering it was just made by a bunch of biking kids and whatever favours they could call in with the other clubs. There were even some parts that made Makishima jump. He spent most of it however distracted by the fact that every other ‘scary’ thing that happened had Toudou grabbing his arm, or hand, or once wrapping his arms around Makishima’s waist and pressing his face into his back. Near the exit was the only thing that actually surprised Makishima, other than Toudou’s sudden launch into being physically clingy. Just as they were about to the exit a ghost fluttered out of the wall with a hissing noise and before Makishima could get a good look at it it had disappeared into the opposite wall. At it’s appearance he’d jumped and Toudou had taken the moment to wrap his arms around Makishima’s waist again this time ending up half under the cloak. 

“You doing alright there?” Makishima lifted his arm so he could see under the cloak and peered at Toudou. “You were the one who brought up the haunted house first.”

“Maybe I’m just cold.” Toudou muttered his voice muffled from leaning against Makishima’s side. 

“Maybe that’s because you decided to be a cat instead of something sensible.” Makishima rolled his eyes. “Come on we’re almost out anyway.”

“It’s cute.” Toudou muttered as he let go of Makishima’s waist. Makishima just raised an eyebrow. Toudou brushed the one lock of hair that had escaped his head band back out of his face with a huff. “My costume, it’s supposed to be cute. Trust you not to know style even if it’s standing right in front of you.”

Toudou turned his nose up a little apparently deciding to go the whole nine yards with this display of drama and all but stalked out of the haunted house. Makishima rolled his eyes and followed Toudou through the rest of the festival that they’d set up. It didn’t take long for Toudou to get over whatever little huff he’d gotten himself into in the haunted house. He spent the better part of the next hour chattering at Makishima about the various things they’d had to do to get permission for and set up this little festival of theirs. He mentioned his fangirls more times than Makishima could count as well though Makishima wasn’t really sure why because they never really fit into his stories properly. 

“Do you want to play some of the games?” Toudou asked suddenly interrupting one of his own stories so quickly it took Makishima a moment to realize he’d asked a question. 

“Sure?” It was apparently the right answer as Toudou grinned and dragged him off towards the handful of games tents they had set up. In the end Makishima ended up winning a couple goldfish and Toudou won a stuffed bear. 

After that they just wandered while Toudou talked about dozens of different topics. It honestly impressed Makishima a little how easily Toudou could keep up an almost entirely one sided conversation. Makishima had always been awful at talking to people. Eventually the lights started to go out around the little festival and the people had long since thinned out. 

“I