"What are you doing here?" she asked, fighting her desire to melt backwards  	into his solid strength.

"Defending your modesty. Did you realise you'd accidentally wandered into a  	public forum without a shirt back?" His voice was a lazy whisper, the breath  	of his words on her neck making her shiver.

"It's supposed to be like that," she answered, struggling to maintain a  	straight face as his hands on her belly started exploring the edges of the  	black silk cloth she'd worn as an excuse for a top.

Xander and Anya approached as the slow song's final chords were fading,  	Xander's face flushed and grinning, his big floppy shirt even more wrinkled  	and unkempt than usual. Willow and Tara looked up from their preoccupation,  	and Willow shouted, "Giles! Why are you here? Is there evil? Do we need to  	worry about evilness?"

"What makes you say that?" Giles stood up straighter, but hidden under the  	table, his fingers continued their slow feathery caresses down Buffy's side.  	She sucked in a breath of air, damning him silently for having such good  	control of his voice. He sounded a little British, a little miffed, and  	entirely Giles-like...definitely not like a man whose hand had now found its  	way to her inner thigh, beneath her miniskirt, stroking nearer to her wet,  	needy heat. Buffy ached to squirm closer to his touch, but she forced  	herself to focus on the conversation.

"Hey, it's the G-man, braving the risk of exposure to pop culture." Xander  	shrugged matter-of-factly. He had one arm around Anya's shoulders, and she  	was smiling up at him like the cat that ate the canary. "What say, big guy,  	is it time to do some, uh, dusting? Yeah, housecleaning, that's what I'm  	talking about."

"No. I offered Buffy some time off, and I thought I might take advantage of a  	little rest and relaxation--" and here his fingers curled over Buffy's  	crotch and squeezed. Pleasure screamed through her, leaving her humming on  	the edge of explosion. She reared off the stool, her breath catching in her  	throat, and she bit back a moan. Everyone, even Giles, turned to look at her  	inquiringly.

"Uh, you okay, there, Buff?" Xander stared at her with worry in his eyes.  	"Goose on your grave?"

Buffy panted slightly, and struggled to find her voice. "Nothing, sorry, what  	were you saying?"

Giles gave her a mild look, but she could see the grin in his eyes. "I hope I'm  	not disturbing you by crashing the party?"

"Disturbing, no, there's no disturbing. Guys, you're not disturbed, am I right?  	Oh, good. More beer then? I think this is my round. Back in a sec." Buffy  	slipped off the stool, paused for a moment to smooth her clothes, and headed  	for the bar. She was trembling, melting, just from the friction of walking  	in the constricting skirt, and she couldn't help but glance over her  	shoulder longingly at Giles. He was dressed in the pair of jeans she liked  	best on him, tight in all the right places, and a blue shirt rolled up at  	the cuffs to expose his tanned forearms. From the way he stood, hip-shot and  	easy, she knew he was inviting her eyes to check him out...hers, and  	everybody else's within fifty feet. She knew what he wanted--to tell the  	gang exactly what their relationship really was--but, she thought,  	her control seeping back slowly, two can play at that game. And she  	smiled a secret smile of her own as she brought the pitchers back to the  	table.

Giles watched as Buffy sauntered away from the table, swinging her leather-clad  	posterior to good effect. His eyes followed her legs down to the strapless  	black high heels, the slender line of her back up to where the ends of the  	cloth were tied to complete her outfit. God, she was beautiful. A month gone  	and he didn't, couldn't remember how he'd lived with a secret love...a  	secret that, if he had any say in the matter, would be ended tonight. He  	raised his hand to his face, scenting her on himself, and felt his body  	react violently. He leaned closer to the table to conceal his condition from  	curious eyes, and listened to the Scoobies' idle chatter. The band was  	taking a reprieve between sets, and the conversations around them swelled.

Buffy came back, and, without a qualm, squeezed into her space at the table  	beside him, depositing the beer in front of them. Everyone filled their  	cups, and Buffy poured for Giles, letting the beer slop into the glass until  	the foam spilled over the rim onto their joined hands.

"Oh, I'm sorry Giles, was that too much head for you?" Buffy looked up at him,  	all wide