important point in the story. "This is different, ok? No one ever wanted to stay for long. No one enjoyed our company as much as you do, (F/N). And we haven't ever found anyone like you, my sweet." It was only mildly uplifting to hear, that knot of jealousy still turning in your chest. Erwin saw the look on your face, hating how he had been the one to cause it and wrapped an arm around you, body pulled into his toned chest. "I mean it, (F/N). You're my only little one and Levi takes so much pride in you, it's clear that you're special." Sighing loudly again, he patted your arm. "We love you dearly, please know that."

You sat up, shining eyes meeting your wide ones. It hadn't ever been spoken, only a presumption until now and you felt a pang of sorrow that Levi wasn't here to share it with you too. Erwin leant across and took your still pink tinted lips in his, the flavour of his coffee in your mouth as the two of you stroked tongues gently. It was wrong. Pushing back, you shook your head. "No." He knew what you meant, but the way you still had the stuffed toy on your legs mixed with the childish look in your stare had been too much to resist. 

"Just a kiss, (F/N). That's all Daddy wants. You can have some time with Levi too when he gets back from sulking."

"It's not that. We should be together."

"I know, but humour me? Please?" It was so polite and gentlemanly, the scent of his cologne intoxicating as he moved in, pressing soft pecks on your pout. A hand trailed up your bare leg, reaching under the frills of your skirt and you grabbed it, stopping his actions. 

"I said no, Erwin." Fury filled the usually friendly orbs and he pointed. 

"Corner. Now."

"But…"

"No buts, missy. Get in that corner and don't move until I return. I've got shit to do, I don't have time for your insolence." His dark voice was icy cold, brows furrowed and you huffed, taking yourself to where he told you to to go. The front door slammed shut again and you heard the sound of keys turning in the lock as he left.

A couple of hours passed and you stayed there alone, complying with your punishment as you sensed a growing regret. It was terribly wrong of him to do that without Levi, you knew it, but it still made your heart sink to recall how you had disobeyed his orders and reverted to his real name. The click of metal reached your ears, unaware of who had come back so you stayed stock still. Levi paced in, the shards of china still on the floor and he looked over to where you knelt, facing away from him and head against the wall, hands clasped behind your back. That big fucking idiot must have taken his frustrations out on you, his prize and now you would be getting that beautiful dress all crumpled. "(F/N), get up."

"I can't. Not until Erwin says so."

"Well he's not fucking here and I say you can get up so just fucking do it." He spoke softly and you rose, spinning round slowly with your eyes to the floor. Yet another breach of your instructions. Great. You'd pay for this, surely. Levi's lips were pressed together tightly as he came close, hands on your shoulders flattening the puffy material. "Look at me." Lifting your gaze, you met slits of grey that stared down as he shook his head. For the second time today, a mouth touched yours, melting you just like Erwin's had done and for a moment you were caught up, sighing as the taste of alcohol mixed with your breath. Mustering your failing strength, you stopped and held him in place with serious eyes. 

"Not without him. No." Twice you'd had to do this in a short space of time.

A faint flicker of a smirk pulled on his lips. "Good girl, (F/N). Now, where did he go?" Shrugging, you wondered if this was all some kind of test or were the two men just trying to hurt each other with you as a prop? Levi continued. "Hmm. Not to worry. I'm sure he'll be back soon. Make up sex is so fucking hot." The raised brows promised a good time and you smiled at his statement, trotting off to clear up the broken item on the floor, behaving like you should. At least one of them wasn't mad at you.

~~~~~~

Levi had been right. It was unbelievable and you sat on the bed naked, watching something rare in progress. Erwin had been pissed at you both, turning his anger to the male first. "Don