s ears, “You’re abandoning him, aren’t you? You’re leaving him without happiness, with no way of letting him fill that void inside him. He’s going to live the rest of his life searching for something, without him knowing that he should be searching for you.”

“I—I wouldn’t be abandoning him,” Zayn protests, “I’d be helping him. Trust me.”

“No, Zayn. Trust me.” Nick stresses, his eyes not leaving Zayn’s, “If you go, everything goes with you. Louis will have no recollection that you ever existed. Nothing. Louis’ given you a lifeline and you’re giving Louis everything he’s ever wanted. There’s no way of turning back once you’re gone. Remember that.”

Zayn swallows. He drops his eyes to his feet.

Abandoning sounds like such a harsh word. He imagines Louis living life without Zayn. He’d be living it with Niall and Eleanor and Liam, maybe. Maybe he’ll give waiter Aiden a call in the future, maybe they’ll get together. Zayn wonders who Louis will end up marrying, if he ends up marrying, and whether he’ll move back to his hometown or get promoted as something other than a high school drama teacher. Maybe Louis will buy a house somewhere, maybe with a family. A husband and adopted kids, and maybe a dog running around, too. Zayn wonders how Louis will look when he gets older, whether his laugh lines around his eyes and mouth will become permanent, where he’ll grow his first grey hair, or if he’ll need glasses.

Zayn blinks. He’ll never get to see any of that.

“And...and if we do end up like you and Harry, does that mean—“ He cuts himself off, his throat on the verge of being choked up. He frowns a little and turns to face Nick, who’s looking at him again like Zayn’s something to fix. “Nick, are you about to turn into a human again?”

“Eventually, yeah.” Nick says it with a smile.

Human—what it was to be human. What it would be like to be human again.

“Thanks, Nick.”

“Anytime, Old Zayn.” Nick says, then pulls Zayn into a hug.

It fills him with such warmth that it soothes the familiar pain of departing Louis inside him. He hasn’t had this type of contact in a long, long time. They remind him of his mother’s hugs, how they seemed to have comforted him despite whatever situation he was in. He’s grateful for Nick, he really is.

When they pull apart, Zayn looks at the sky. From what he can see through the clouds, the sun is in the spot where Louis should already have been home for an hour or so. Zayn supposes he should leave, too, since he knows that Nick’s probably in pain as well.

“Hey, uh, before I go,” Zayn says, “why didn’t I see you when Harry came to Louis’ apartment?”

Nick throws him a wink, “I do have a social calendar, you know. Got other ghosts to attend to.”

“What about, like, all the pain? Don’t you find it gets stronger the more you interact?”

“Of course,” Nick says, like it’s nothing, “But we’ve all had to deal with it, haven’t we? If I’ve already been killed then what’s a little pain?”

Zayn wonders how Nick died. He feels like that’s a bit prying if he asked, though. “Yeah,” He says instead, smiling a little, as though the pain he’s experienced in this past week alone hasn’t pushed him to the verge of tears.

“Zayn, where are you?”

It’s like a shout. Like Louis has grabbed a megaphone and shoved it right into Zayn’s ear, yelling into it so it surrounds his entire world.

He’s been hearing Louis’ voice all day, but it’s something that he can control—but this, just then, the sound of Zayn’s name, coming from Louis mouth, it’s—

“Nick, I have to go.” Zayn tells him quickly, flying off the roof, “Thanks for the chat!”

And then he’s darting. He’s splitting through the air the fastest he’s ever gone. He’s like a rocket, an arrow, shooting off with such power and force that it whips the air out of him when he stops.

He’s a few metres away from Louis’ window. He can feel Louis’ anxiousness from here, feel it stronger than anything else. Then, the window opens. Louis’ head sticks out from it and tilts his head upwards to see the roof.

“Zayn?” Louis calls, sounding distressed. When he gets no response, Louis