bony ankle and strums his fingers along the sweet curve of Sam’s calves.  He runs a stubbled cheek over the thin, sensitive skin of the underside of Sam’s knee and watches as the skin flushes with the friction.  Sam gasps, low and vulnerable, when Dean sinks his teeth in the strong muscle of his thigh.  He feels the soft skin against his tongue, sucks and worries at it enough to leave a deep, red mark that’ll darken and attempt to fade away with time.  But that’s okay, because that’ll just give Dean an excuse to revisit it, and leave new ones in its wake. 

He pushes Sam’s knees up, hooks them over his shoulder so he has enough space, and kisses the pale crease where thigh meets body, scrapes lightly at it with his teeth and grins wickedly at Sam’s broken whimper.  Dean pulls the cheeks of Sam’s ass apart.  Sam arches off of the bed with a muffled “oh fuck” as Dean flattens his tongue against the tight, clenched flesh and sucks.  It’s a luscious, clean tang; It’s Salt and sweat and Sam; Musky and intoxicating, each swipe of his tongue sending ripples of heat pulsing down to Dean’s cock.  He licks a long, broad stripe from Sam’s quivering, puckered hole all the way to the bottom of his balls and back again, pausing to nip at the perineum between each pass.  He mouths at Sam’s balls, sucks one into his mouth and then the next, wraps a hand around Sam’s straining length and rubs a calloused thumb over the sensitive patch of nerves just underneath the head.  Sam groans, “oh God-Dean” and it’s those pretty little sounds that get to Dean.  Amp him up and make his already tight skin shrink down a size. 

“You like that?” Dean let’s go with a loud, lewd slurp.  He knows what it does to Sam.  Knows that every other sense is magnified because of the loss of sight, hearing especially.  He focuses his attention on feasibly the prettiest cock he’s ever seen –not that there have been many- and decides that there’s really only so much a guy can take. 

He takes the head of his little brother’s dick without much pause and sucks hard, tongues at the slit, savoring the bittersweet precome and coaxing out more in sharp bursts.  God he’s loved this from day one; the feel and heat and weight of Sam’s cock on his tongue; the pulse of blood underneath the skin, molten heat that almost burns; and that almost painful stretch of his lips, skin so tight it feels like its about to split.  Dean could do this forever.  Sam’s hips jerk desperately upwards and Dean has to grip them tightly, presses them down with enough force to leave pale finger marks just above the bone.  Dean secretly hopes that they’ll bruise an evident reminder of who Sam –and his dick- belongs to. 

He releases Sam with a pop.  Smirks impishly as Sam keens and struggles uselessly against his bound wrists, expertly tied to the headboard.  

“Fuck Dean, quit teasin’” Sam cries out in frustration as Dean licks up the underside of his prick, up along the vein.  He curls his tongue in and around the head before taking him half way and sticking a couple of fingers in his mouth along for the ride.  His mouth feels stretched impossibly wide as spit and precome dribble out over his lips and fingers and down Sam’s shaft.  He pulls the digits out with an obscene slurp, the noise doing just as much for him as it does for Sam. 

Dean runs his knuckles, gentle but firm, down the sensitive patch of nerves just below Sam’s balls.  He runs a saliva soaked finger down to Sam’s tight, clenched hole, draws teasing, wet patterns around the furled skin and is rewarded by another spurt of precome in his already full mouth.  Sam curses as Dean barely presses in and pulls out, stops sucking but keeps him in his mouth.  “No-Dean-please” Sam mewls arching up and pushing down, trying to magnify one sensation but not wanting to lose the other. 

“What Sammy? What do ya want?”  Dean gives Sam’s cock one quick, dirty lick like it’s a lollypop. “Tell me.”

“Oh God-please-Fuck.”  And ain’t that the best thing ever?  Dean smirks.  To have his normally smart-mouthed, bitchy little brother at a loss for words just because of Dean’s mouth and fingers.

“Say it Sam.  I can’t help you unless you tell me what’chu want.”  Dean’s own voice is coming out a little huskier than usual, and he knows there’s only so much he can prolong this.

“Fuck. I w-want you to suck my cock.”  Sam’s face and chest are flushed red both from lust and embarrassment.  “Your fingers. Please.”

“My fingers where?”