and held up his find while announcing, "Would you prefer a bowler hat?"

"No, I wouldn't prefer a bowler hat."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes Cas, I'm sure." Cas shrugged and tossed said bowler hat out the window. Dean shook his head and wondered why it was he kept coming down here.

Dean didn't see Cas again for two weeks, he'd had to go out of town for a football game, so the first thing he did was go down to the mailroom to see Cas.

Who, without looking up when Dean stepped into the gloom asked, "You think someone went around and counted all the lakes individually?"

Dean paused, one foot still in the air, smile on his face to greet Cas, he should have known better.

"What?"

"They call it the land of ten thousand lakes, you think someone went around hand counting them? That would be an awful job. Not very satisfying."

"Where do you come up with this shit?"

Cas shrugged then looked up from whatever he'd been reading to smile at Dean, "Hello Dean. It's good to see you."

"You too, Cas." Dean returned the grin and moved to sit in his usual spot, not even bothering to pretend he didn't want to be here anymore.

"You know I'm on the football team, right?"

Cas looked up from his biology book and nodded, "I'm aware, yes."

Dean set aside his pathetic attempts of a paper and turned to look up at Cas, "So you should come to a game sometime."

Cas' attention returned to his book, "I don't do sports."

"You don't do a lot of things." Cas shrugged and returned to his regular schedule of 'Let's see how long we can ignore Dean before he gets annoyed'.

Dean lasted about ten minutes this time, "Strange how after all these months you never told me what you're majoring in."

"You never asked."

"What are you majoring in?"

"Women and gender studies." Dean stared at him, not sure if he should believe him or not.

"And that requires biology?"

"Yes, it also requires you to shut up and work on your paper and let me study for my test that I have in the morning." Dean stared up at Cas for a moment before turning back to his paper. Cas had never really snapped at him before, so Dean figured it best to just let it go.

A few minutes later Cas let out a sigh, "Majoring in biology with a concentration in microbiology."

Figured it'd be something nerdy.

"And what do you plan on doing with that?"

"Virologist."

"Seriously?"

Cas shrugged, attention going back to his book, "I think they're fascinating." Dean made a mental note to never allow Cas and Sam to meet. They would never shut up.

It took another two weeks for Dean to get Cas to go outside again. Dean didn't know how he'd managed to talk Cas into going to the small diner down the street from the college, but he had managed it and now he was going to milk it for all it was worth.

"You're not agoraphobic or anything, are you?" Dean asked, watching as Cas fidgeted beside him.

Cas snorted and shook his head, "No."

"Then what's with the... twitchiness?" Cas stared over at him for so long and for so hard that Dean almost thought the other guy was trying to crawl into his brain.

"No reason." Cas muttered, bolting across the street as soon as the light changed. By the time Dean got to the other side of the street Cas was in the diner and settled into a booth in the back.

Dean settled across from him, ordered when the waitress came by, and they both settled into an awkward silence. Cas kept twitching and fidgeting in his seat so much that Dean was tempted to slip him the Phenergan that Dean had gotten last week to help with his allergies. It had knocked him on his ass though, so he hadn't taken all of the pills the nurse had given him, they were still in his wallet if Dean remembered correctly.

"Cas, would you relax?" Dean finally snapped after their food at been dropped off. Cas' twitching was getting worse from what Dean could tell. Cas shrugged his shoulders and tucked into his food with such focus that it almost made Dean jealous.

When Cas finished with his food and got up to go to the bathroom, Dean figured to hell with it and pulled the pills from his wallet. He dropped one into Cas' drink, glad that Cas preferred Coke to Sprite and waited. It would probably ruin his weird friendship with Cas, but he just wanted to spend a semi-normal day out in public with the guy.

Cas returned from the bathroom, plopped back into his seat and gulped down his drink. Dean either hoped this idiotic idea would work or,