For my own reasons, Armin. Equally as personal as yours."

"In that case I look forward to working with you. What's your plan?" 

"Kill him."

"Well, obviously. When?"

"Do you ever stop asking fucking questions? Soon. Whenever the opportunity presents itself."

"Thank you, Levi. I'll be keeping a close eye." The blonde disappeared into shady streets, leaving the pair of you alone once more and you tilted your head, senses picking something up. 

"We'd better go."

"Yea. Don't want to get caught in a shitty thunder storm, (F/N)." Moving quickly, the journey home took no time at all and you got inside just as the clouds began to rumble deeply, telling of the imminent downpour with low growls and flashes of light. It was times like this that you wished for a window to enjoy the tempest outside and you breathed in electric freshness before the main door shut. 

Weapons stashed safely, Levi poured bourbon and you sat together on the sofa, cigarettes burning with no fear of medical repercussions and a whole load of answers hanging thickly in the atmosphere. Starting from the beginning of your eventful trip, he turned to you and smiled weakly, fingers tucking (h/c) strands behind your ear. "And all of that shit is one reason I want to leave this life behind."

"Every existence has politics and drama."

"I know (F/N), I know." He looked tired, an impossible expression, surely, but here it was - total fatigue at the whole thing. Cupping your cheek, he placed a delicate kiss on your lips, lingering a while before leaning back. "Call me stupid, romantic, deluded…I just want to be able to do normal things with you. Mundane crap like grocery shopping, trips to the dry cleaner, a walk in the park while the birds are still singing. Grow old together, entertain the grandkids, all that shit." It seemed so simple, the stuff that people took for granted and even hated, but for him it was a desire, a need. "I never dreamt I'd be fucking saying any of this but I never dreamt I'd meet someone like you."

"Oh Levi, I…" Words wouldn't come out at first, speechless gapes given instead until finally you were able to make sense. "I want all of that with you too. I know I haven't experienced what you have for so long, I can't imagine what it's been like to live as something you hate all these years. But to wake up next to you every morning, have the one I love by my side without worrying about feeding and all of that kind of thing...I never wanted an exciting life. And now I have all I need." A glaring issue remained unspoken and you sighed. "But I can't have kids, Levi. No uterus."

"I know." Quiet contemplation was followed by a cheeky smirk. "We can adopt Eren. I'm sure he'll give us a shit ton of grandchildren." Smacking at his arm playfully, you smiled, a gesture reciprocated as Levi raised his other hand, palms framing your face. "Seriously though, fuck it. Fuck consequences. If we have a chance to be together in peace, I'm taking it. I'm ready."

"Do you worry about how it'll feel? To be human again? No strength or powers?"

"It does play on my mind. I'll get used to it though." Stroking your skin with his thumbs, he traced semi-circles under your eyes and laughed once. "Superman couldn't handle it, the prick. But I fucking can." Giggling at the random reference, you eased even more and held tightly to his waist as hands slid down to your lower back, massaged spirals unknotting a tension that had no physical attributes, purely mental - like an amputee would feel their missing limb, you had the sensation of stress in that particular place and he knew it, habits from before still a vivid memory. "I'd better explain our evening."

"It would be nice, yes." Winking at him to display good natured sarcasm, you both leant into the couch, legs draped over his in a pose akin to that night on the fateful park bench. 

"Both Dot and Armin are the same. They're dhampirs." There was that word again and you nodded for the man to continue. "Mothers were human, fathers vampire. But their stories are very different." You listened closely as a tale unfolded, one which outlined their kin; strong and agile like the two of you but without the pesky bloodlust, imbued with longevity however not immortality. Often, ones like them were solitary creatures, a hybrid that fit in nowhere but these pair were a step further from the norm. Most dhampirs, you discovered, had violence and an element of the beastly inside, projected towards humans or directed at their male ancestry - the