up doing for the next hour, completely absorbed in their own world, relaxing in each other's warmth.

~

Makoto had started to doze off, but was immediately woken up by a pair of familiar voices. His head peeked out from Haruka’s shoulder and he caught a glimpse of his parents.

“Otosan, okaasan!”

The formalities between Makoto’s parents and Haruka were soon dismissed as they squatted down to face their son.

“Did you have fun today, Mako-kun?”

“Yes! Sensei is the best!”

Haruka couldn’t hide his embarrassment manifested in a bright red blush on his face.

“I’m glad, but now you have to say goodbye to sensei okay?”

The bright green eyes immediately formed a glassy coating of tears.

“H-haru-chan-sensei…”

“Makoto.” Haruka squatted down to receive the boy into his arms, “Don’t cry.”

“Sensei, don’t ever leave this place okay? I promise I will come back to find you!”

“Okay, it’s a promise.”

It took a fair amount of coaxing to get Makoto back to his parents. Even then, as they were leaving for the car, Makoto told them to wait and ran back into the daycare centre to see his sensei one last time.

“Makoto? Why did you come back?”

“Ne, Haruka-sensei. I have something to ask you.”

Haruka-sensei? He’s never called me that before. Makoto’s face was so serious, and Haruka stood there waiting for him to continue. The boy took a deep breath.

“Haruka-sensei. I love you. Please marry me, sensei!”

“W-what?”

When those words finally sunk in, a deep blush formed across his cheeks, reflecting the one on Makoto’s face, and Haruka almost toppled over with shock.

“M-marry you? Makoto?”

“Yes, Haruka-sensei. Will you marry me?”

“Maybe if you were an adult…” he muttered, “I’m sorry Makoto. I can’t accept your request right now…”

Haruka was so sure that Makoto would burst into tears, but instead the boy just stood there, more determined than ever.

“Wait for me, sensei. One day I will also be an adult like you! Please marry me then, sensei!”

When Makoto was finally safe in his parents’ car, Haruka stood there and waved until the family was out of sight. He felt hollower than ever, his heart held a hole that nothing could seal. And it was still beating rapidly from Makoto’s proposal, a proposal that neither of them would ever forget. Turning around, Haruka wiped away a stray tear that had started to slide down his face.

At home, doing the final preparations for Tokyo, Makoto had finally gotten over the initial stage of sadness at leaving Iwatobi and his sensei behind. As they started their journey to the new and foreign city, Makoto stared out the window into the sunset.


Wait for me, Haruka-sensei. Wait for me.


This is the part in which Makoto doubts not only himself, but Haruka and the promise they made a long time ago.

Okay so it's April Fool's Day ahahahaha (and my tumblog turned one today just fyi I don't know I'm rambling) Anywayssss I really still do believe I messed this up big time I don't know I just doubt this is any good...but hope you enjoy!~

Makoto stared out the window, twirling his pen idly in his hand. It was on days like this, when they were given study sessions, when it was raining, when there was peace and quiet, that his thoughts would veer off in the direction of his childhood crush.


“Please marry me, sensei!”


The brunet immediately blushed at the memory, quickly covering the bottom half of his face with his hand. I was such an idiot.

Although more than ten years had passed, despite the fact that he was now 18 and a fully grown adolescent, Makoto couldn’t shake off the deep ‘love’ he had for Haruka-sensei. In bed, he would often dream of those pure blue eyes and pale skin. Whenever he swam, he would imagine the warmth of sensei’s arms. During lessons, he would catch himself daydreaming of the monotonous face that he loved.


I’m an adult now, aren’t I?


 


 


When the Tachibanas had first arrived in Tokyo, they had immediately enrolled Makoto in a public school to get him started for the next school year. Still with the objective in mind, the brunet himself had requested to sign on for swimming classes in order to become a strong and fit. To sculpt himself a body that sensei would appreciate.

Grades and academic achievements were no problem to the young swimmer; he aced almost all his subjects, he was loved by all his teachers, respected by his peers. As he went from elementary to middle and finally to high school, not once did he let his grades slip. Everything was done so