follows Jake outside leaving me with the two bodies. I turn invisible again and follow them outside. What are you up to big guy?

When I get outside they are already talking, "Come on Sam, think about it, the two of us could easily take her out!" Ha, in your dreams buddie.

"No! This is what he wants we can't just kill some innocent girl"

"She ain't innocent! Didn't you see what she did to Ava. And how do we know she didn't kill Lilly and Andy! Ava could have just taken the credit for the kills or maybe they were working together!"

"Are you listening to yourself that's crazy!"

"Even so, he isn't letting us leave until there is just one of us. If you ain't gonna help me then you're in my way. I'm sorry man but my family needs me" he then pounced at Sammy but he dodged. Sammy took a swing at him and made contact. But then Jake uppercuts him and Sam went flying into a fence smashing it. He groaned in pain but quickly rolled over, just in time because Jake picked up the knife Sam dropped when Jake punched him and was about to stab him with it. Sam quickly grabs the metal shard that was sticking out of Jake's pocket and bashed him in the head, knocking him out. Sam gets up and dusts himself off.

I turn visible again and all the way human seeing as Dean will be here soon, then run towards him and launch into his arms giving him a hug "Oh my god are you okay?!"

"Uh" he clears his throat "yeah, I'm fine thanks" he smiles and kind of awkwardly hugs back. But then he stiffened when he heard his brother calling for him. Uh-oh I quickly let go,

"Sam watch out!" Both I and Dean shout. But since I was able to say it it was too late. Jake stabs him in the back severing Sam's spine and other vital things. Sam starts to collapse and I catch him while Jake runs away followed by Bobby. I then shout, "Run bitch, ruuunn!" And then to Sam, "hey bud, it'll be okay Dean will fix ya, he always does. Just to let you know, you die a LOT more after this so get used to it" I giggle and then hand him to Dean.

"Hey bud, it'll be okay, shhh let me get a look at ya" he then feels his back and all the blood pouring out of it. "Hey man, it's not even that bad" it's bad. He then proceeded to freak out as Sam slowly dies and I sneak away.

I wait in a tree for a while till they move Sam. When I sensed him stop moving I flew to the house and onto the roof where I fell asleep. I awoke to arguing and eventually Bobby storming out. Not much later Dean comes out and screeches away in Baby. 

I jump off of the roof and enter the house. I walk over to Sam and sit on the bed and rest my head on the wall. Not much later I fall back asleep. The bed may be nasty, but it is more comfortable than the roof. 

Again I am awoken, but this time by Sam getting off of the bed. "Oh, hey Sam. *Welcome back to the land of the living*, glad to see you're okay" He looks over to me.

"Uh, yeah you too... what happened how did I get here?" At that moment Dean walks through the door. And of course, I am the first thing he notices.

"Who the hell are you!? wait weren't you the girl from earlier?" He notices my non-human features and pulls out a knife. His voice darkens, "What the hell are you?" Sam steps in front of me, "Sammy, get away from her!"

"No dean, she is my friend. She was with me in the town. She even saved my life." I stepped in real quick,

"From Ava, not this, I am not taking credit for this" Dean still wasn't liking it.

"Dean please" Sam begged, "trust me" Dean looked at his brother and sighed.

"Fine, but I don't trust her"

"Oh just shut up and hug your brother" He glared at me again, but ran up to Sam and hugged him. Sam grunted in pain but Dean still hung on for another second. He then pulls away and looks at him almost crying.

"Okay bud, how about we sit down"

"Dean what happened to me?"

"What do you remember?"

"Well, I saw you and Bobby, then I felt this sharp pain... like white hot. Then Sapphire caught me, you started running and that's about it."

"Well that kid stabbed you in the back, you lost a lot