’s not like we have Earth-space calendars.”

Shiro looks more than amused. “You definitely didn’t do that before.”

“Desert,” growls Keith.

“I’m sorry,” says Allura, “your what?”

“Uh,” Keith shifts, one shoulder coming up. “My menstrual cycle?”

Hunk gapes at him a bit. “Galra Keith has a period.”

Shiro coughs a laugh into his fist.

“So you also experience a monthly occurrence of bleeding associated with fertility?”

“Ok, look—” starts Keith, a bit miffed.

“And you can use yours to predict Number Five’s?” asks Coran curiously.

“When people who get periods live or spend a lot of time together they start to get them back to back,” cuts in Lance from the doorway, rubbing his damp hair with a towel. Keith gives him a relieved half-smile.

Pidge pushes her glasses up and shoots a grin at Lance as he leans against the doorframe. “Basically, yes.” She tilts her head towards Coran. “Generally their cycles line up after the more ‘dominant’ member of the group but—”

“I’ve got a hormone stabilizer so Pidge’s usually syncs up after mine.”

“Wait,” splutters Hunk, “birth control?” 

Shiro chokes on his drink. He coughs something garbled into his hand before looking up with a huff of laughter, eyes glittering with mirth. Keith lobs the balled up rag he was using for his knives and it smacks into the side of Shiro’s face, catching on an ear. The Black Paladin smiles sunnily as the rag flops to the ground and Pidge tries to restrain a bout of cackles.

Keith ignores them both out of long practiced habit. “Also works as a stabilizer. I have the,” Keith’s brow furrows, “the T one?” He waves a hand, “I forget what it’s actually called.”

“Intrauterine Device, an IUD,” says Lance as he flops down on the couch next to Hunk. “Yeah one of my sisters has one of those; she looooves it.” He winks at Keith, “barely even gets her period anymore.”  

“Lucky,” mutters Pidge.

“Whatever, I'm still more regular than you ever are.”

Pidge raises another cushion threateningly.

“I suppose I’m not that surprised to be entirely honest.” Coran smooths his mustache. “The galra are generally ovotesticular.”

Keith twitches at that last part.

“I guess?” Hunk hedges. “We haven't really seen any galra that are clearly identifiable as different sexes.”

“Yes, though the galra usually have a mating season, so to speak, about five movements every deca-pheob rather than your continual human periods. But…” Allura frowns, “how by the Ancients did you not realize that you had extraterrestrial blood in your genetics?”

Keith crosses his arms. “Some humans are like that too,” he says dryly. “It’s called intersex, Princess.”

Coran still looks contemplative. “How were they able to accommodate your biological divergences?”

“It happens,” Shiro clarifies. “It’s not exactly common but Earth docs deal with it just fine—we dealt with it just fine.” He kicks his heels up onto the short table with an earnest smile. “Don't worry, he's got all his shots. Made sure of that.”

Keith muffles a groan in his hands. “Please stop making furry jokes Takashi.”

“How did you even know she was running low anyway? My sisters always did but they shared a bathroom.” Lance kicks a leg out at Keith and raises an eyebrow, “you been raiding her supply?”

“Bite me.”

Pidge actually kicks Lance. “We keep most of them in communal storage because we're not savages.”

Hunk stretches and hooks his arms over the back of the couch, eyes on the ceiling. “You don't seem to be using that many pads and stuff compared to Pidge though, pretty sure I would’ve noticed.” He looks back down with a lopsided grin, “I mean, I usually handle most of the shopping.”

“Menstrual cup,” says Keith in reply, popping the last part of the word.

“Pfft, typical Keith,” Lance snickers. “Straightforward, sustainable, and utilitarian.”

“I was living the the middle of a freaking desert, do you know how annoying it would’ve been to go into town that often?”

Lance just makes finger guns at him because…yeah, Keith basically proved his point.

Allura, on the other hand, just looks confused. “Well, why doesn't Pidge use the same thing? We could cut down on supply runs—”

“Stop,” says Keith flatly. “If she wants to switch, she'll switch. Also that's kinda none of your business.”

She jerks back, startled at the reprimand.

Keith sighs and looks away, his expression softening slightly. “Some people like to talk about it and some don’t but none of us have to justify to you what makes us the most comfortable