attempt to get close enough to strike him with blade or fist. Cole, ever omnipotent, appeared behind her each time she charged, never striking.

     “FIGHT ME!” Diana roared, dropping the hilt of her spirit blade to the ground as she lunged with clawed hands. This time, Cole’s hands wrapped around her wrists, clamping down like cold iron. A small sad smile never left his face as he twisted her arms together, folding them around until they crossed in front of her. She raged a minute more before the fire seemed to die in her, exhaustion settling into her core. “Cole?”

     “You weren’t you. I know. Songs singing sadness in you,” Cole mumbled in her ear and, for a moment, she was a little girl who had climbed into bed with her brother after a nightmare and he was telling her calming stories just soft enough for their mother to not hear. “You don’t want me to tell Cullen?” He released her, rubbing her wrists gently. Her staff appeared in his hands and she took it gratefully.

     “Please don’t. He’s already worried. If he hears, he won’t leave my side,” Diana sighed, looking over the edge of the broken wall to the battle below.

     Demons and red templars alike battled against the Inquisition’s forces. In the chaos, it was nearly impossible to tell the groups apart, but her gut told her they were winning. It was irrelevant if she didn’t cut the head off the damnable snake that was Corypheus. Overhead, a giant dragon battled the archdemon-esque dragon, jaws snapping loudly as one made a booming noise Diana recognized as Morrigan’s scary laughter.

     “But he won’t. He promised.” Diana froze, facing Cole with wide eyes. His head was tilted like a dog’s, curiosity and confusion endearing him to her. With his blades sheathed, she felt a sisterly protectiveness of him.

     “Cole. What do you mean?” He smiled widely, almost his whole face obscured by the giant floppy hat he always wore. Cole took her left hand in his, fingers dancing over the dull metal band that sat on her ring finger.

     “He promised. ‘Maker, I do so swear to protect this mage as my wife and friend, from now to the end of days.’ Hands shaking, Maker please let her say yes,” Cole whispered, reading the history the tiny band whispered to the Fade. It never failed to surprise Diana.

     “No one knows, Cole. We didn’t even get it officated. Don’t- Maker, Cole, don’t tell anyone,” Diana mumbled, pulling Cole into a tight hug, her limbs trembling in a way that made her angry. Cole’s smile was congenial, his nimble fingers brushing her white and auburn hair back out of her face.

     “Cullen will have to know eventually. You have to be careful. You’ll hurt it.” Diana’s brows furrowed again, getting the ample exercise they did around him as she attempted to discern his cryptic replies.

     “Hurt it? This isn’t really the time for a discussion about pronouns, Cole, but once we’re done,” she started, crouching before running towards cover as a fiery ball hurtled towards them. Cole followed closely, overtaking her and pulling her behind a half-broken wall. Dorian’s shadow played on the wall opposite them, several others fighting at his side.

     “Not Cullen. It.” He rested his hand on her stomach, smiling broadly. It was a strange oxymoron in the heat of battle, the warm smile Cole was giving her stomach. His hand was cool even through the cloth of her battle robes.

     “It? What-” Diana stopped, bile rising in her throat as her mind started to piece things together.

     “Warm, soft, safe, love you,” Cole mumbled, his eyes going wide when he looked up at Diana’s frozen face of terror. “You just have to be careful. Everything will be fine.”

     “Everything will not be fine, Cole!” She shrieked. Her hands were tight on her staff, knuckles white between the metal caps of her gauntlets. Lips moved noiselessly for a minute before Cole recoiled, stepping several feet away from her.

     “No.”

          “You’ve done it before! Make me forget! Please! I can’t keep fighting if I know!”

     “No.”

     The Iron Bull appeared at the top of the steps, splattered in blood of varying states of drying. His face was plastered with a giant grin, flushed slightly with the effort of battle.

     “Everything ok, Boss?” Diana stayed almost seated, eyes pleading with Cole. The moment she took her gaze off him to look at Bull, he vanished.

     “Merde.” Bull watched as her shoulders dropped, her head following. He waited, letting her fold in on herself a moment longer before Diana seemed to resolve herself. Something cold and emotionless overtook her, and Bull nodded. This wasn’t the first time he