, happy birthday, Luke." Birdie smiled.

"Thank you, Birdie." Luke grinned at how easily her name rolled off his lips. "This party is lame, though." 

"Yeah, there's a lot of old people here." Birdie giggled.

"Come with me." Luke grinned and took her hand gently, pulling her with him. Birdie squealed slightly as she stumbled along with him. She glanced at Ana and Priscilla as she followed Luke around to the front of the house. 

"What are we doing in here?" She asked as Luke pulled her into the large garage. 

"I've got the keys to my dad's yellow Hummer and we're going to take it for a spin." Luke grinned and unlocked the car. He opened the passenger side door and held his hand out to Birdie. She bit her lip gently and took Luke's hand, allowing him to help her into the vehicle. He closed the door and jogged around to the driver's side and got in. "Hold on tight." He smirked and sped down the driveway, leaving the party to shrink in the rearview mirror. Ana and Priscilla stood on the sidewalk, watching their stepsister ride away with the rich man's son.

"Where are we going?" Birdie asked, adrenaline coursing through her veins.

"Just around the block to the park." Luke smiled and turned the corner sharply.

"Are you sure you should be driving? I mean, I saw all those drinks you've had." Birdie looked over at Luke.

"I'm fine, it's only a block." He chuckled and parked the Hummer in front of the park. "Come on, we're gonna have fun at the park." Luke grinned and hopped out of the Hummer. He jogged over to the passenger side and opened the door, holding his hand out to Birdie once more. She giggled and took his hand, sliding out of the vehicle. Luke grinned and kicked off his shoes, pulling his socks off. Birdie held onto Luke's shoulder as she pulled her black heels off. They kicked their shoes under the car.

"Race you to the swings." Birdie yelled as she started running to the playground. Luke laughed and ran after her. He grinned and wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her close to him. He lifted her feet off the ground and spun her around. Birdie screamed and threw her head back laughing. "Put me down, Luke!" She laughed harder. Luke laughed and set her feet back on the ground but kept his arms around her waist. 

"I could listen to your laugh all night." Luke whispered in her ear. She tilted her head back, letting it rest on Luke's shoulder. Birdie didn't know what was happening. She had never been this close to a boy before. She didn't even really have that many friends in general. She had her best friend, Emma, from work and school. Other than that, she didn't really have anyone. Sure, she had been with boys before, but they never worked out. She figured most of them used her for her dad's money, but she had lost that now. Maybe Luke was different. He made her feel different than any boy had made her feel before. She felt safe and secure, like nothing could bring her down. 

"I thought we were racing to the swings." Birdie smiled up at Luke and held his hands, bringing them away from her waist. 

"We've got all night, Bird. We don't have to race." Luke smiled, Birdie's cheeks burning at the nickname. "I feel like doing cartwheels." Luke pulled her from her thoughts as he let go of her. 

"I don't think you know how to do a cartwheel." She challenged. 

"We're gonna have a contest. Whoever does a better cartwheel gets to kiss the other one." Luke smirked. Birdie widened her eyes slightly. It had been a long time since she kissed anyone. At least two years since she had been with a boy close enough to kiss. 

"Either way, we end up kissing." She commented.

"Well, shit, we might as well just kiss now." Luke grinned.

"Nuh uh," Birdie giggled. "If I do a better cartwheel than you, you have to let me drive the Hummer back to your house. If you do a better cartwheel, you can kiss me."

"Who's gonna judge them?" Luke asked, taking off his tux jacket. He folded it up and laid it on the grass. 

"We both are. We judge each other, but we have to be honest." Birdie giggled.

"Fine." Luke huffed. "You go first." Birdie shrugged and cartwheeled across the grass. Luke already knew that she won, but he wanted that kiss. "That was okay, I'd give it a 4/10." 

"You're a liar, that was at least an 8." Birdie