don’t take discrimination lightly and you know that.” Harry stated as he sipped steadily at the steaming coffee that allowed him to wake up more.

“I don’t need your bloody help, okay!?” Draco growled angrily as he slipped off the counter. “I’ll deal with it.”

Harry sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. He really hoped their breakfast wouldn’t burn to the ground. “I know you’re more than capable of sending them to the other side, prat. What I’m saying is that we’re a team and you don’t have to suffer through this alone.”

The blond bit his lip harshly that it was almost enough to draw blood. Harry quickly noticed this and thumbed at the abused flesh until it was released with a shaky sigh.

“You want me to distract you?”

Draco instantly felt arousal and so much want as Harry’s magic thrummed around them. He was barely able to answer with a desperate ‘yes, please’ before his enthusiastic auror physically dragged him in a harsh kiss.

“Oh, wow. Now, you taste like coffee. That’s even worse than morning breath, potty.” Draco smirked as his neck was lapped up and suckled by the brunet who growled lowly.

“Stop ruining the moment.” Harry warned as he nipped at the pale flesh underneath Draco’s jaw. The blond gasped loudly and rutted against his warm partner who was more than pleased to return the favour.

“Ngh, Harry.” Draco pleaded as he felt his knees give in. “Shit, B-Breakfast! Hngh... burning, ah!”

The auror glared but waved his hand to turn off the stove but accidentally released enough magic to render the other appliances dead to the world. The blond made a displeased noise as he peeled himself off of Harry.

“Such a show off.” Draco sneered.

“I really have to discipline someone, don’t I?” Harry quirked a brow and threw Draco over his shoulder.

The two were a mess of limbs and lewd groans before they finally reached the top floor. Draco was getting impatient to the point that he was already half naked and pleading for Harry to rid himself of his clothes or, Merlin help them, Draco will have to rip them off with a diffindo himself.

Harry made a warning noise as he shoved Draco against the spare couch situated at their mezzanine. The blond shuddered as his trousers were pushed down to release his throbbing cock. Draco was practically naked and anyone could see him in this compromising position but he couldn’t care less. He needed a distraction and that distraction was the trapped bulge peeking out of Potter’s robes.

“Just fuck me already, Potter!” Draco hissed as he clawed at his partner to come closer. Harry only gave him an unimpressed look before a quick restraining spell was muttered out of his slightly chapped lips. Draco groaned as ribbons of silk bound his hands to the railings.

“I’ll fuck you when I want to.” Harry explained as he placed a warm hand over Draco’s pale thighs. “You’re in no position to boss me around, understood?”

The blond groaned at the deep voice and was helpless at the onslaught of lewd kisses and sucking that the brunet subjected him to. Harry was entirely pleased with himself as he toyed with the other’s nipples and dragged his auror calloused hand across the exposed flesh while avoiding the leaking cock that was desperate for attention.

“H-Harry, please!”

“Please what?”

“T-Touch me! I can’t anymore!”

“I already am, aren’t I?” Harry answered cheekily but allowed his fingers to brush against the leaking member. Draco gasped and panted in distress as he tried to maneuver himself to get more friction before he loses his mind.

A cry of deep gratitude was ripped from the blond’s throat as Harry finally relented and firmly stroked him. Draco felt his eyes roll at the pleasure as the auror mouthed at his shaft up towards the tip. It was such a pleasant distraction that he was jolted into reality as he felt Harry’s tongue prod his hole.

“Sweet Merlin! Don’t fucking stop!” Draco moaned as he pressed himself more to the exploring wet flesh. He was, however, reprimanded with a slight stinging hex and the absence of the tongue. The blond mourned at the loss but was quickly distracted by the kisses on his thighs. It didn’t escape his attention that Harry was already slicking him up with a mutter of spells.

“Please hurry up before I turn grey!” The blond complained again as he spread his legs further in anticipation for the thick fingers to breach him.

Harry glared at the writhing mess and flicked the blond’s thigh, “What did I say earlier?”

“W-wha—“ Draco whimpered in a daze as another stinging hex slapped him across his arse. He panted wildly as the restraints on his wrists pulled and dug into his skin in a pleasuring pain.

“I asked you, Draco.” Harry continued with a deep voice, “What did I say