's not that, I…" Rosita starts, but trails off when she realizes she wouldn't know how to finish that sentence even if she wanted to. She can't articulate her thoughts for shit these days; she just knows she's fine being wherever Tara is now. "Somebody's gotta keep home base locked down. Watch out for you hooligans."

Aaron smiles and buys it, but Tara looks less convinced. As always, she knows not to push it, though. Instead she just takes Judith's little hands and puts them over her heart, and swoons in her best baby voice, "Our hero."

 

 

The group comes back victorious early the next morning. Well, they all come back alive, at least, and Rosita considers that a victory these days.

Dwight came through for them again, and while Tara has mixed feelings on that, Rosita is just relieved and a little bit hopeful. If someone as far up Negan's ass as Dwight was can see the light, maybe Eugene isn't a lost cause after all.

Maybe nobody is ever too far gone to turn back.

 

 

Days go by and Rosita's feelings get harder to ignore, but she's learning to deal. Nothing good ever comes from ignoring things, in the old world or the new, so she kind of just accepts that they're there. She can't control how she feels, only what she does.

But even then, she can't control her dreams.

For the first time in as long as she can remember, Rosita dreams of the living instead of the dead. She dreams of Tara; being with her, against her, under her, inside her, wrapped all around her.

It's snapshots of a life together, blurred around the edges, scenes moving too fast for her to get a firm grip on any for too long. But they're good, Rosita can feel that. It's warm, and welcoming and home.

"Are you happy here?" a version of Tara asks her in a scene that finally stays.

Hands cradle her neck and thumbs brush her jaw, and she is. She has no context for this moment or this timeline, Rosita just knows what she feels, for once. "Yes."

Then, a knock at some metaphorical door. Three knocks, actually. They sound heavy and ominous, like a bat against wood, or maybe a skull, and Rosita looks away from Tara for just a second, but that's all it takes. Tara slips away from under her, slowly, yet somehow still too fast for her to save, no matter how desperately she tries to cling to her hands as she disappears.

Rosita jolts awake in a cold sweat just as the door is kicked in, visions of barbed wire and black leather burning away as she opens her eyes to the morning sun.

 

 

Rosita's supposed to be guarding the wall when Carl asks if she wants to come with him to visit Hilltop. It strikes her as odd at first, that he'd ask her of all people when she has nobody there to see, but then again, maybe she does.

Father Gabriel volunteers to take her shift. "Can you let Tara know where I am if she comes looking for me?" she asks him as she hands him the sniper rifle, exchanging it for a smaller hand gun to bring with her.

"We'll be back by dinner," Carl promises them both as the steel door is slid open for them to slip through. They wait to make sure it gets closed and locked behind them before they leave.

 

 

Rosita isn't sure she's ever had a one-on-one conversation with Carl before, but the walk to Hilltop doesn't feel as awkward as it could be, considering.

They walk in silence, mostly, but it's not uncomfortable, and Rosita doesn't feel like she's breaking any kind pact when she finally speaks up about half way there. "I'm sorry I missed," she says simply, knowing she doesn't need to elaborate. Maybe she should be sorry to taking the shot at all, but she can't bring herself to be.

Carl doesn't break his stride as he spares her a glance, looking at her from under the brim of his old hat. He nods his head. "I'm sorry I missed, too," he replies easily, then looks hesitant to continue. After a few moments of quiet, he does. "Are you still… Do you still want to kill him?"

"Of course I do, but…" It's just not the only thing she wants anymore. "But I get that I can't do it alone." Carl kicks at the dirt and Rosita knows he gets it. They fall into comfortable silence again, until she can't help but ask; "So, what's up with you and Enid?"

Carl lets out a combination of a scoff and a laugh and dips his head, letting the question fluster him