odd, and follow the kid to the lobby where a table was set up with a banner that reads “Gingerbread Cookies = 50c” scribbled with black marker.

Sam always teased you about your Scrooge attitude, but knew your secret love for gingerbread cookies ever since he was three.

You could stuff your face with those and you’ll probably be full for the rest of the day. So you think about it for a while, just standing there and looking at the people crowd over the table. Then you notice no one was actually manning the cookie distribution. On a closer inspection, you see that there’s a drop off box for dollars. So the amount of cookies you get versus your conscience and honesty is all up to you.

You take a sip of your coffee again, willing yourself not to be a part of this fiasco. You can always buy those packed ones at Gas n’ Sip, and they’d probably be as good as the ones being sold. They’ll do, you think, compared to stealing a cookie from the innocent children clamoring to buy one. But then again, they probably taste really good if people are dying to buy.

There is a cookie in front of you.

You finish sipping your coffee, and notice the hand connected to the cookie, and the arm connected to the hand, and the shoulder connected to the arm, and the body clad in that same ugly sweater connected to the shoulder. And then Castiel is standing in front of you with those perfect blue eyes, offering you the cookie.

“Cookie?” he smiles lopsidedly (and even though he smiles kind of awkwardly, you think it’s kind of cute wait what).

Wait what.

What the hell are you thinking.

Well, you know, it’s okay to check out guys sometimes but you don’t know why you’re noticing Castiel all of a sudden, especially when you spent nearly four months with him already.

No, no stupid blue eyes.

But goddamn that cookie.

“Thanks.” You accept the offending cookie which looked really good, your mouth is already watering. It’s still warm, and the frosting looks great. “Rick’s idea?” you ask. “Yes, I believe he’s doing it for a charity event.” He nods, and sips from his blue-dotted white mug. You guess it's tea because there's that string hanging off. “Oh,” you nod, not really minding the purpose of the cookies. He sits back down his same spot on the lounge couch. Shaking your head because what the hell, you take out your wallet and pluck a couple of bills out before dropping them in the box and taking one of the three plateful of cookies. The children are staring. The parents are staring.

You are holding your gingerbread cookies like a prize.

“What’re you up to?” you ask, sitting down beside him and offering him the plate.

 


4. He put on a damned naughty or nice list near the stairs for everyone to see.


 

Why is 208 the apartment number on the naughty or nice list. Why do you even care.

Cas has turned you into a sap.

Recap of the previous week:

You got to know Cas(tiel) better and settled on Cas because you think Castiel is a mouthful. He kind of brightened up when you accidentally called him Cas, so you stuck with the nickname. You found out he was a journalist for a business magazine, he found out about your auto-repair job. You found out that he’s also great at making coffee, and he found out that you like coffee so he makes you coffee now in exchange for company. And then you found yourselves hanging out at the lobby after 5pm every other day. You snack on gingerbread cookies (you learned to drop a few extra dollars when you buy a plate. The cause may or may not be because Cas was supporting the charity event.) and Cas’s pumpkin spice or peppermint coffee while Rick played various Christmas songs on the speakers on the ceiling. Every. Day.

And you think this is typical for friends.

Except men like you usually hang at bars and not at lobbies, drinking frothy beers and not steaming coffee.

But then again Cas is weird, like the good weird. And it leaves you feeling weird. You’re not sure if it’s good or not.

What if you like him—

Nope nope nope nope-ity nope.

So anyway basically, Cas has turned you into a sap in just two weeks and you are angry because why are you the only person on the naughty list. Well, not really, because 101 (that’s Sergeant Smith, the strictest and unemotional person in the building) is above 208, but that’s a given.

“Maybe it’s because you take too much cookies.” Cas comments beside you after sipping his coffee. You jump at the sneak attack. Seriously, either the dude just appears out of nowhere or is as stealth as a ninja. You don’t know how he knows you