fully aware of the situation, Harry. What I need from you, is that memory. It’s crucial,” he replied.

            “But Draco thinks the Carrow twins were involved!” I protested.

            “Harry, I questioned Mr. Crabbe and Mr. Goyle with Veritaserum. I am already aware of the involvement level of the Carrow sisters. I’ve set Professor Snape to watch them. You, I set to obtain a very important memory.”

            “But if they were involved, why haven’t they been expelled? They could hurt someone!”

            Dumbledore sighed wearily and shook his head. “That is for me to worry about. You are to focus on your task,” he insisted, giving me no more.

            I pressed him one more time, but he insisted he was handling it and wanted to know what I was doing in terms of attaining the memory. I hadn’t come up with any ideas since the last time we spoke, which clearly disappointed him. He dismissed me, ordering me to bed. I went, but decided I would try to keep an eye out for the Carrow twins. Maybe I could catch them in action.

Please Review!


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

            We met every night that week and the weeks to come. Sometimes we left the cauldron to boil while we were away, because the potion called for it. Then I’d sneak in at the exact right time to stop it. Other times, we’d leave it under a stasis charm until we returned, doing our best to follow the directions exactly.

            It took us near a month. In all that time, we became friendly. We made small talk and got to know each other better. We bonded over our mutual distrust of the Carrow twins; he because they had gotten his lackeys expelled and me because I feared for the Headmaster. I did my best to suppress my sexual urges towards him; it seemed to work and that went a long way towards decreasing the tension between us. I even got the nerve to ask him about what he’d been up to in Diagon Alley during the summer.

            “I…I purchased the cabinet, actually. But it doesn’t matter, because it’s broken and I didn’t bother fixing it. I really don’t care about that anymore. For a long time now, I’ve had a different plan,” he admitted.

            “Which is?” I asked, still unclear what he’d want with a cabinet, broken or not. Out of all of the dangerous things in that store, what would he possibly want with a cabinet? Maybe he was much worse at this than I’d given him credit for.

            “Finish this potion, do the ritual, and go into hiding with my mother. The whole point of the cabinet was to try to get my father out of Azkaban, but I’ve given that up as a bad job. He got us into this mess; he can get himself out of prison. Everyone else and their evil aunt seems to be able to escape whenever they want.”

            I giggled at the evil aunt bit. He laughed too and my laughter turned into all out guffaws. He was funny and it was good to know that he hated Bellatrix too. He stifled his laughter with a grunt of pain, grabbing his chest; he was getting better, walking longer and taking the stairs without rest, but occasionally his chest still hurt. I cut my laughter short as I took in his pain. It wasn’t fair that he was still hurt. By all rights, Pomfrey should’ve been able to heal his ribs in a heartbeat. He shouldn’t be suffering months afterwards.

            When our laughter finally stopped, I asked one more probing question, “So you’re not…?”

            “Not what?” he prodded.

            “A…a Death Eater?” I finished.

            “Oh. That.”

            Then he pulled up his left sleeve, revealing first a wrist with a horrible looking scar slashed across, little lines crossing back and forth perpendicular to the scar, where the stitches had been. There were the most stitch marks directly over the blue vein that ran down the center. Then he pulled his sleeve further up and revealed…a black blob, about the size of a snitch.

            “He tried to mark me and told me I had to take my father’s place. That was the first time I really had trouble clotting. I know I told you it was when you learned the bleeding curse, but I’d already almost bled to death before you learned the bleeding curse. I simplified, because I wanted you to believe me. My clotting problem really did get even worse when you learned the curse and I know, because it was the night I woke up with a bloody nose for no reason.”

            “What, you were sleeping and your nose just starting bleeding?” I asked.

            “Bleeding so bad I took two Blood Replenishing potions and had to get all new bedding. I was taken to the Muggles then two. They put their burning wand up