peeved about it. The amount of natural talent that Minato possessed showed itself more and more, and it felt a little intimidating, to be honest. But then he would remember who he was and what slumbered inside of him. It was easy to forget that he had the power to tear mountains apart when his real strength was used so rarely.   Still, to Naruto, Minato was incredible. Unlike him, Minato didn't have anything that could be considered 'cheats' like a sealed bijuu or a Kekkei Genkai, enormous Uzumaki reserves or ungodly stamina. If all of that were stripped away from Naruto, 'therapy jutsu' would be the only thing that remained and that was a useless talent to have. At least according to himself. Talking people to death or submission didn't appeal to him anymore, and he didn't enjoy getting invested in the lives of his enemies anymore either. That part of his life was over.

But Minato didn't think it a useless talent at all. Quite the opposite. To him, Naruto's ability to motive and inspire people left him in awe. It drew him in and made him turn to his chunin friend for advice for practically everything. Naruto always had something brilliant to say and a new perspective on things. A beautiful perspective as well.

Minato loved listening to him when he went into his 'old man'-mode, as Jiraiya liked to call it. It was easy to forget that he wasn't supposed to know so much about the deeper meanings of life. Since Naruto was a person that liked to talk, that often resulted in 'old man'-mode surfacing as he threw around wisdom or, as he'd like to call it; bullshit. But then Minato's eyes would shimmer with something he couldn't quite name, so he'd continue to talk that way. Because seeing someone listening to him so completely, so unconditionally, made him very happy.

Sure, he'd been Hokage and had countries listen to him, but having someone do that out of their own free will and not out of obligation was different. Minato wanted him to talk the way he did because it was part of who Naruto was. And from what Naruto understood, that was also what Minato liked about him. Not to mention, he genuinely seemed to like what he said too.   That was the reason as to why Naruto couldn't bring himself to part with his friend for too long. He felt protective of him. There was nobody like him, and Naruto didn't want to lose him for anything in the world. The older boy made him feel better, happier. Perhaps even lighter than he could remember ever feeling.

But, as it was, he knew all too well that he worried himself a decade older about the boy.

Which, currently, was exactly what he was doing. The only reason he was still in his room- was that if he left, then he'd be fussing and asking Minato a million questions. He knew Minato would be okay and that he'd do well, but it didn't help convince the loud and annoying part of his brain that wanted to know if Minato packed a pair of extra underwear.

Which, for that matter, was weird as hell to bring to a written exam.

He sighed, getting tired of himself and the silly worrying. He was a grown man, dammit! He wasn't going to get anywhere with this.

"You ready?" Jiraiya's voice carried in the room. The man watched his adoptive son stand in front of his mirror, a frown on his face. Naruto did that a lot lately.

"I've grown four more inches than I did the first time around," Naruto said, something unreadable in his tone, "Was it really that bad?" he asked.

The Sannin couldn't quite stop the wave of guilt he felt, "Aa, it was pretty bad. Both of them were tall. Your height wasn't what it should have been."

Naruto was shorter, much shorter than his friends growing up. He'd grown to be a good 5'6 in time, but that wasn't tall enough for someone of his pedigree. His father had been 5'10 when he died. In time Jiraiya didn't doubt that he might have grown a little bit more as well. Minato died very young after all. Kushina was also tall, yet still growing. She'd been around 5'7 when she perished. But he didn't know if she would have grown much more. One could only speculate on these things. But in regards to Naruto- he should have been closer to his father's height when he stopped growing.

"I want to see what I'll look like when I grow up again. This time it feels like I've been given the same starting line." Naruto turned to his new father, smiled and shoved his hands into his pockets, "Realistically, I should be tired of life at this point... but I want