something slightly interesting, what they had done a lot when they were helping me to back the other day. They had been asking hundreds and hundreds of questions of the stuff what they saw here, reminding me of curious little kids.

"Uhh, oh, that one. It's.. uhh... I dunno, we should ask (Y/n) about it" Kili said. Oh God, what had they found this time? Sighing I started to message my temples. It didn't sound like nothing would've broke, but you could not know. I mean, we were still talking about Fili and Kili here. Soon the two of them appeared in kitchen, Kili holding something purple that looked like a bold stick.

"Oi, (Y/n), what's this?" Kili asked and raised his hand so I, and everyone in the room, could see what they had found. I squint my eyes and when I realized, what he had, my cheeks went rosy. My purple dildo swayed on his hand. For all of the boxes, they had dropped the one that held my fucking dildo. And all the things they wanted to know, was this bloody thing?! No, just... no. The room was quiet while everyone looked between me and the princes.

"(Y/n)?" Fili asked and cocked his head. My brains was empty from ideas, and I definitely wasn't going to tell the real use of it. My face heated up even more, when Thorin stumbled in the kitchen from behind Kili and Fili, murmuring about something in khuzdul. He stopped beside his nephews and was looking at them, and then the dildo on Kili's hand.

"Kili, what is that?" Thorin asked. Kili shuddered his shoulder and was then looking at me. Oh good, please no. I wanted to scream and run away from the situation. But, there was only one door, and the Durins were blocking my way. The shame and astonish felt horrible. All I wanted was to sink thrue the floor.

"We don't know. Kili dropped one of (Y/n)'s boxes and it rolled out from there. And we just tried to ask that from her, but she hasn't opened her mouth" Fili explained for his uncle. Thorin cocked his eyebrow and then turned to look at me. I was still trying to figure out what to tell them. Then he turned back to his nephews and took my dildo. He turned it on his hands and was examine it with clear interest. He brought it close to his eyes and then he went and licked it. If there was any possibility that my face would heat up anymore, well now it was. I definitely would never use that again, considering the fact that... he just put the tip of it in his mouth. Not much, just a... he just put his lips around it.

"Doesn't taste good, so it's not a candy" Thorin stated. Half of the company raised their eyebrows for this brainstorm. Even I had to raise mine, and give a little sigh. What the fuck did he think?

"I don' think she would keep 'er candy with other stuff, Thorin. At least not without anything covering the candy" Bofur pointed out. Thorin nodded and was then eyeing me. Kili was poking my dildo and pursuing his lips. Fili shuddered his shoulders, as I reminded silent, and went to get the boxes from the corridor. Soon he returned, carrying The box on his hands.

"There's more here, those funny looking things" Fili said as he put the box on the table. Oh my sweet lord, no. Just leave them be and get my stuff in Erebor already! Half of the company went to box to see what was in there. Yeah, go ahead boys, dig in my stuff and never mind the so called personal space. Nori picked dildo, a little reminding my purple one, and looked over his shoulder to me. I gave him a glare and tapped my foot to floor. He gave me one of his biggest smirks and turned to show it Bofur next to him. They were whispering each other, when the dildo's vibrator went suddenly on. Nice, it still had working batteries in it.

"What on Mahal's beard is it doing?!"

"Turn it off, Nori, turn it off!"

"Is it alive?"

"I think it might be some new weapon we haven't seen yet"

After a few minutes of wondering and shouting the dwarves got it turned off. Thank God for that, I didn't want to step in and do it. Then I should explain them what they did and what they were. And why I had them. And, oh look, there goes the last pits of my privacy. Next I should be telling them how many men I had bedded. What womanly secrets would I have then? None. I shifted my foot and looked at the dwarves around the table, loudly