reduced her to tears."

"But she was obviously wrong about the equation!" Rodney defended his actions.  "Even a moron could see that.  I was just pointing that out and she just started the waterworks."

"You are just making it more difficult for yourself," Radek said.  "You know that you were wrong to speak to her in such a fashion.  I explained it to you only last week.  She is a good scientist, she deserves respect.  Now, back to my question.  What did I tell you would happen to you if you made Miko cry?"

Rodney visibly deflated. "You said you would spank me."

"That is correct," Radek nodded.  "If fact, I told you I would spank you until you couldn't sit down comfortably."

"But Radek," Rodney whined.  "Can't I just apologize?  I promise I’ll try harder not to hurt her feelings."

"Oh, I expect you to apologize," Radek nodded.  "After I blister your bottom red." He took a step toward Rodney.

"But I'm the head of the Science Department!" Rodney protested, backing away.  "What would Elizabeth say?"

"Has that argument ever stopped me?" Radek said, stalking over to where Rodney was backed against his wall.  "She would most likely congratulate me on coming up with a way to keep your gigantic ego somewhat in check."

Rodney looked like he was going to protest again and Radek decided it was time to nip the dissent in the bud, as Parrish like to say.

"If you want me to leave, just tell me, Rodney," Radek offered.  "I will not bother you further."

Rodney looked panicked. Radek knew what was going through his mind.  Even though Rodney hated being spanked, at the same time he loved the caring that came with them.  Radek suspected that no one had ever cared enough before to rein in Rodney's outrageous behavior.  For someone so brilliant, Rodney's self-esteem swung from great highs to great lows.

"I don't want you to leave," Rodney said in a low voice, his head hanging down.

"And you'll submit to a spanking from me?" Radek asked, wanting to make sure Rodney agreed.

Rodney huffed a sigh and then nodded his head.

"I need you to say it," Radek said.

Rodney looked up with an aggrieved expression on his face.  Radek could almost hear the conflict going on in Rodney's mind.

"Yes," Rodney grated out.  "I'll submit to a spanking from you.  I still don't think I need it, though."

Radek nodded, willing to accept the compromise.  Rodney might not willingly admit to needing it, but deep down he did think he deserved it or he would not agree.

"All right, let's get this over with," Radek said, sitting down on the bed and patted his thighs.  

Rodney sighed and walked over to the bed.  He started to lean over, but Radek held up a finger, shaking his head.

"You are forgetting something," Radek said sternly.

"Do I have to?" Rodney whined.  "Can't I just…?"

"No," Radek shook his head.  "Pants off…both of them."

Rodney blushed, but unbuckled his belt, before unbuttoning his BDUs.  He pushed them down along with his boxers at the same time, trying to hide the underwear.  Radek tried to get a look at the flash of red and blue material, but Rodney almost threw himself over Radek's lap.  Radek shrugged.  He'd get a look at them later.

Radek hesitated, admiring the pale globes presented before him.  Rodney had such a nice bottom, so round and perfectly shaped.  It was a shame to make it pay for his rudeness, but a little chastisement seemed to help modify his behavior…for a while at least.

At his first smack, Rodney gasped and then exclaimed, "Ow!  That hurt!"

"Yes, Rodney," Radek said, spanking the other side.  "That is the purpose of a spanking."  Then Radek got down to the matter of reddening the cheeks in front of him.  The smacks were loud in the room, but Rodney's complaints were louder. He wasn't one to suffer in silence, but Radek didn't let that stop him.  The walls were soundproofed.  No one could hear.  

At first, the cries were complaints of pain and curses, but as the spanking continued, they turned to cries of contrition and self-flagellation.   When these turned to sobs, Radek slowed his blows to a halt, keeping his hand on the hot red cheeks, allowing Rodney to cry out his pain.

"You are not a bad man," Radek said, as the sobs slowed down.  He helped Rodney to get up. "You are a good man.  Just not a very patient one.  You make mistakes."  

"But when I make mistakes, people can die," Rodney sniffed, carefully pulling up his underwear and BDUs.  Radek could see that Rodney was