but as they don't voice anything, he continues. "I was there to comfort him the day you torn him to pieces. I was there the morning after, holding him as he cried himself dry. I've been there for him every night since you left since he can't bear to sleep alone. I've also been there for him every day, just to get him through and kissing him to make him feel loved. I have, Zayn, I have. Not you" 

Liam's eyes are still directed at Zayn but he doesn't look anymore; he doesn't see. He's too angry that it all blurs together into a mess and that's how he doesn't notice the tears now falling freely from the other boy's cheeks, clouding his sight. "So do him a favour, you owe him that, and leave. You've trashed him enough" He spits out that last part and as he turns around to exit the room, the way Niall had run out a few minutes earlier, and looks at Louis and Harry "Now excuse me, I'm going to find Niall"

~

 “Zayn?” Niall mumbles into the back of said boy’s head as the two of them are seated on the red couch in Niall’s apartment. It’s a normal thing for them to have it like this with an evening off: limbs tangled together, a couple of beers, a footie game on the telly (is it needed to say that it was Niall who started it?). They’re usually so relaxed around each other, searching for each other when either of them needs to let go of everything around them and just breathe, but Niall’s been restless today. He’s not been able to sit still, constantly switching position, or rising from the sofa without even needing anything, to walk around and then go back to playing with Zayn’s hair. Which, by the way, is let down and slightly damp after his shower. All this has given enough clues for Zayn to understand that something’s on Niall’s mind - though he saw it the second he walked through the door but let’s not acknowledge that, - but he waits him out as he know that the blonde needs to come to him to relieve what’s bothering him. 

Zayn just nods to show Niall that he’s listening, though his eyes never leave the game going on in front of him. He feels how Niall breathes – his mouth is not too far away from his neck (or too far away but no, let’s not go there either) and he’s just so comfortable like this. “Have you ever been in love?” And the question floors Zayn, he tries to not show that, because of all things he could’ve guessed, it wasn’t this. The first thought that reaches Zayn’s mind is ‘fuck, please don’t tell me he’s fallen in love with someone, please don’t tell me that’. It makes him panic inside because Niall shouldn’t love anyone other than him, according to him. Sure, he can love the other boys as best friends, and his brother, and Sean like a best mate as well, and his parents. But he can’t fall in love. He’s going to fall in love with Zayn, he just isn’t aware of that yet.

The second thought that reaches Zayn’s mind also causes panic. What is he going to answer? He’s been “in love” when he was younger, the first kiss when he was eleven felt like love when he was, just, eleven. The girl who more or less was his girlfriend before the band also felt like love, but it was a long time ago, he doesn’t know for sure. How do you ever know if it’s not happening in this exact moment? If you don’t feel it now? Because then, he’d say yes. He’s very convinced that he’s in love, in this exact moment, with the boy pulling with his hair, impatient for an answer to his question.

So Zayn does his best to avoid answering, but still wants to be honest “Y’know, I’ve had girlfriends...and crushes. But I don’t know, being in love, it’s so big, like, I don’t know how to grasp in when it’s in the past? I would only know if it’s happening now” Niall moves his hands down to the nape of his neck and pulls his hair and shit, Zayn bites his lip to not let out anything else stupid escape his lips. “So... are you in love now? In this exact moment?” Zayn feels his heart stop beating because, fuck, he doesn’t want to answer this either. Even less, to be honest. “Maybe” he mumbles quietly and curses himself for not being able