His mouth feels dry and his head feels like it’s full of hot air as he nods. Naomi smiles at him and Jeremy feels his breath catch, feels his heart beat against his rib cage like it wants out because God she’s so beautiful and that smile is so bright, so comforting, everything he finds right in the world is there in her smile.

There’s a sparkle in her eyes like she knows she’s got him hook, line, and sinker as a nimble finger strokes his chest, nail catching at the collar of his thin t-shirt and tugging down to reveal the skin there. Her thigh shifts so she can slot it in between Jeremy’s and he spreads his legs to let her. He closes his eyes when he feels heat spill from his face to his chest at the implication of it. 

Naomi takes that as her cue. Her soft lips brush over his and he can taste strawberry gloss on the tip of his tongue. The temptation to flip their positions and kiss her deeply, fully like how he wants to with no teasing, none of this foreplay that they always do is overwhelming for a second. But he knows that’s not what he’s supposed to do. Right now Naomi is calling all the shots and the only thing he has to do is obey.

She’s going to devour his soul one day and he’s completely on board with that.

 

3.

"Dem," Jeremy says weakly, because there’s only so much he can take and between the soft kisses to his neck and the slow, methodical strokes rubbing the inside of his thigh, he knows he’s being worked up on purpose so he won’t last longer than five minutes before he’s groveling at his knees.

"Yeah?" Dem breathes, lips grazing his ear. He kisses him there, lips soft and warm pressed to the shell of his ear. His hands slowly travel up, fingertips barely touching, until the pads of his fingers are brushing against the tent in Jeremy’s jeans. 

He groans and lifts his hips to meet Dem’s hand only to have another set of smaller hands push him down. A dainty palm cups his chin and tilts his head back until he’s looking bleary-eyed, upside-down at Naomi’s soft smile. Jeremy feels Demetrius pull back, opting instead to lightly palm at Jeremy’s growing erection.

"What do you want to do with him?" Dem asks softly, low voice rumbling something deep within the pit of Jeremy’s stomach. 

Naomi hums in thought as her hands run slowly up-and-down at the expanse of Jeremy’s chest. She stops suddenly, hazel eyes snapping up to meet Demetrius’. “I wouldn’t mind seeing him suck you off.”

Dem lets out a breathy laugh. “Sure.” He tilts his head down to look at Jeremy and gives him a soft smile. “That okay with you?”

"Yes, yeah whatever you want," He says fervently.

He hears Dem laugh again as he pulls Jeremy up, fingers dragging up his back and mapping out the muscles there which causes a shiver to run down his spine. Dem places a chaste kiss to his lips while his other hand reaches for the zip to his own jeans and pulls it down. A sigh escapes Dem’s lips and puffs over Jeremy’s face as he pulls his cock out of the confines of his pants.

He doesn’t need any prompting anymore, not after the many times they’ve done this. So he settles on his stomach on the bed, cool sheets rubbing against his bare torso, and levels his face with Dem’s cock. Without preamble, he closes his eyes and takes Demetrius into his mouth and hears him suck in a sharp breath, hand flying to grip Jeremy’s hair. He moans around Dem’s cock as he takes him deeper, as deep as he can manage without choking before nearly pulling off so his lips are just kissing the tip of his cock. And maybe Demetrius likes what he sees because he lets out a strangled groan deep in his throat as Jeremy works his way back down, swallowing around the thickness in his mouth.

Distantly, he hears the rustle of fabric and knows Naomi is touching herself to the sight of Jeremy deep-throating his childhood friend-turned-boyfriend. He feels heat pool in his hips and grinds down against the bed in search for friction. A tight grip in his hair pulls his head up-and-down on the cock in his mouth as he shallowly thrusts against the mattress, which is totally fine. Demetrius can fuck his mouth however he pleases just as long as Jeremy gets to come soon. 

It didn’t take long before Dem’s body began to tense and shake from pleasure. He forgets how to think as Dem tugs his head down to the base of his cock, Jeremy’s nose pressed against Dem’s lower abdomen as he swallows around him, and warm come spills into Jeremy’s mouth and runs down the back of his throat.