composing a song for Aoba. If it wasn't absolutely perfect, he would never forgive himself.

Closing his eyes, Clear inhaled deep and relaxed his shoulders. He needed to empty his mind of distractions if he was going to do this.

"Alright," he said with renewed vigour. "From the top."

 

~*~

 

Clear made sure to close the door gently behind him when he entered the house. In the waning light of dusk, the front room was bathed in a warm glow. He needn't turn on a light, not just yet; it seemed that he had been out later than he thought.

"Aoba-san, I'm home!" he called as he removed his boots.

There was a moment's pause before the sound of shuffling took its place. A head of grey popped out from around the corner.

"Welcome home, Clear."

Clear did his best to return the smile; it was weaker than he would've liked. "Thank you."

The man that stood before him was not the same one he met fifty years ago. Hair that once fell past the shoulder blades now stopped at his ears, and eyes that were once the colour of honey were now dull amber. Time had aged Aoba, as it did with all living things.

While Clear had knew and accepted this, it did nothing to lessen the pain. If anything, it only made it worse, only solidified the difference between man and machine.

 "So where did you go?"

Clear started. "I was watching the clouds," he half-lied as he straightened his boots at the doorstep. "The weather was really pleasant today. You should join me next time, Aoba-san."

"Maybe on a milder day," Aoba said. "I think if I go out during this summer heat, I'll just fall asleep. Either that or pass out," he added as an afterthought. Catching Clear's frown, Aoba swiftly changed topics. "You were on the rooftops, weren't you? I hope you didn't dislodge any tiles again."

Clear released a huff of indignation. "How mean! That only happened once!"

Aoba laughed and shook his head. "And that was once too many. Come on in and sit down, dinner is almost ready."

Clear almost sighed in relief when Aoba re-entered the kitchen.

But then—

"No, wait, Aoba-san, let me help! You might hurt your hip again!"

 

~*~

 

He supposed that his desperation to finish the song stemmed from Aoba's declining health. The battery on Aoba's biological clock was draining fast, and there was nothing Clear could do to fix it. Periods of sleep were longer, fatigue and weariness became commonplace, and each day, Clear felt Aoba slip away from him a little more.

Despite the constant reassurances that he was fine, they both knew it was a lie; it would only be a matter of time before Clear was alone once more.

The song was completed on a rainy autumn day.

Raindrops splattered on the transparent surface of the vinyl umbrella, creating a polka dot collage of greys and blues. Water saturated the exposed edges of his coat, and his shoes slid off the smooth surface of clay; if he had stood, he would've surely slipped.

He paid it little mind. Balancing the umbrella in the crook of his shoulder, he silently thanked the gods for sparing him the wind and stared at his notebook. It had taken him two, almost three, months, but finally, he was done.

Now he just needed to sing this to Aoba.

Clear felt his breath catch. Aoba.

Oh God, how could he be so stupid to leave the house on a rainy day?

Clear's body lurched as he rose to his feet; boots struggled to find purchase on slick tiles. For a moment, the world seemed to tip sideways. Instinct kicked in before thought; Clear widened his stance, lowered his centre of gravity, and regained his balance.

Had he been a second slower, he would've fallen off completely.

The umbrella had been forgone in his brief struggle, and his notebook was shoved unceremoniously into his pocket. He wasn't too concerned about the umbrella; it could be replaced. He had more important matters at hand.

Straightening himself and bearing the cold rain on his skin, Clear manoeuvred his way through the narrow rooftops gaps and headed towards home.   

 

~*~

 

"Aoba-san!"

No response.

Clear rounded the corner and into the living room, ready to call out again.

"Aoba-sa—!"

His voice stopped in his throat, relief warmed him from inside out. Sitting in the worn wicker sofa with an open book in his lap, Aoba opened his eyes with a few slow blinks. Clear breathed a sigh. Oh thank goodness, Aoba was alright.

Amber lifted to meet pink, slowly, carefully. "What is it Clear? Aoba yawned and rubbed at his eyes. "Whoa, what happened to you?"

Clear felt moisture building from behind his eyes. The sound of