s eyes narrowed briefly, but he shrugged it off and moved on to talk of Quidditch strategies.

 

That evening, Harry and Hermione stayed late in the common room to work on their “Potions project” after everyone had gone to bed.  In reality, they were discussing their next move.  “So we’ve done looks and interests, that’s two areas.  For the third, we should highlight something a bit deeper,” Hermione rationalized.

 

“You make it all sound so clinical,” Harry said.  “First the chart, then the list…”

 

Hermione bristled.  “Well, it’s the most efficient method, isn’t it?  It’s not as if Luna’s, I don’t know, Fleur Delacour or someone.  We have to work hard to make this work.”

 

“Speaking of which, you do realize that if it does work out, we’re going to be spending a lot more time with Luna, right?” He placed a hand on hers as she sighed.  “Why don’t you like her, Hermione?  I know she’s a little…unusual…”

 

“It’s not that, Harry.”  She sighed again and turned her hand over to clasp his.  “I’m not sure I even know why, anymore.  The reason I disliked her at first is…well, it’s been disproved.”  She glanced up at him quickly, then looked away.  “I should like her – she’s intelligent, and goodness knows I understand what it’s like to be alone – but she just grates on me, somehow.”

 

Harry hesitated.  “I think,” he finally said, throwing fate to the wind, “that you and she are more alike than you might want to admit.”

 

To his surprise and relief, Hermione took the observation in stride, tilting her head in consideration.  And most importantly, she kept her hand in his.

 

“In any case,” he continued, “you’re going to have to learn to like her, or at least accept her, if we succeed.  Remind yourself of how great she was last June or something, if you have to.”

 

Hermione sat up straighter.  “Speaking of that incident, I think I know what we should do next.  But you’re not going to like it.”

 

Harry gave her a wary look.  “Tell me anyway.”

 

She took a deep breath and fiddled with a strand of hair with her free hand.  “As you said, even I can admit she was great at the Ministry.  We need to remind Ron of that.  And – oh, Harry, I know you don’t like talking about what happened, but I don’t see any way around it while still getting the point across,” she pleaded, squeezing his hand when he moved to withdraw it from hers.

 

“You’re damn right I don’t want to talk about it,” Harry fired back, remembering to keep his voice down. 

 

“Well, do you have any other bright ideas?  Because I’m fresh out,” she responded.

 

He sighed.  “No, I don’t.”

 

She paused.  “Then…”

 

“Yeah, okay, fine.  But let me take care of it.”  He was going to do this one his way or not at all.  He kept his eyes on their clasped hands, watching and feeling her second squeeze, fully aware of her concerned but relieved gaze without having to see it.

 

“Of course.  I trust you,” was all she said.  Then she rose, kissed his cheek and wished him goodnight, and Harry was left to gaze into and beyond the crackling fire.  The lingering tingles on his hand and face gave him comfort as he thought out how on earth he could go about putting a very necessary and very personal episode into Operation Distraction.

 

~~~

 

“Um, I guess you’re all probably wondering why I gathered you here…today…” Harry began, glancing at the five expectant pairs of eyes before him in the small, empty classroom.  It was lunchtime.  At breakfast, Harry had asked Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Neville, and Luna to meet him here, while the rest of the school was occupied.  Hermione, he thought, was doing a great job of pretending to be as clueless as the rest.  Of course, it wasn’t all acting; despite her questioning looks all morning, Harry had kept his plan to himself.  Truth be told, it wasn’t much of a plan.  His only objective was to get the job done without turning the whole thing into an unneeded and unwanted pity party.

 

They were still watching him.  “Right.  Well, the six of us have never really, er, talked about, you know, what happened that night.  Not since then, anyway.  And I realized that I’d never thanked you guys-”

 

“Harry, you don’t have to do this,” Hermione started.  Her brown eyes were filling with unshed tears that she was desperately trying to blink back.  The others nodded in agreement, but Harry held