you wanted, we really went about this whole reunion the wrong way."

~~~

It was difficult, at first, to convince Garth. Tula didn't push it; the relationship with Garth was still too new for that. As much as she was willing to nudge Garth the right direction, Tula didn't want to push him away completely.

She understood that it took time, that what she was proposing was not the norm for the men of their world. Among women, Queen Mera had told her, such relationships were much common. "Less prone to fighting over territory," Queen Mera put it. "We might have greater equality than some stories I have heard of the surface world, Tula, but the same system that makes the king the head of our home, instead of the queen, makes them less inclined to share nicely."

Tula had listened to her queen's advice, and she had filed the knowledge away, while pretending that it didn't show that the queen knew more about her personal troubles than was strictly appropriate.

Nor did Tula share that popular opinion had both Kaldur and Garth being stubborn about the issue. Even as Garth's disappointment grew each time that "Aqualad" came home for brief visits before returning to the surface world and did not take time out to visit them. It was a realization and decision that all three of them had to come to, on their own.

But two months did not take particularly long to turn into six, and when the time neared for Queen Mera to give birth, Garth turned to Tula and said, "Kaldur's stay will be extended beginning tomorrow night. Perhaps we can put your plan into action, then?"

He sounded nervous and unsure, but also hopeful, and it was the latter that Tula focused on.

"I'm sure we can lull him away from the queen's side long enough to have our talk," she agreed.

Garth's eyes shown brightly as she lowered herself down onto him. "I hope so," he murmured, before claiming her lips.

Tula didn't have any fears that Kaldur would speak to them; she feared only that Kaldur would be as difficult to convince as Garth had been.

~~~

Kaldur expected a certain degree of awkwardness, when he returned. That was why he spent as long at the new prince's chamber as possible. But his king and queen dismissed him, after securing a promise from him to return in the morning, and he was left standing outside the prince's chamber next to Tula and Garth.

Uncertainty filled him, but remaining quiet would have given the impression of a grudge. It was important for his friends not to think that way of him. "The two of you look well."

Tula and Garth exchanged looks, which should have made him feel more like an outsider than Kaldur already did. But for reasons he couldn't immediately place the quickening of anticipation in his stomach was not accompanied by a feeling of loneliness, as he expected it might be.

"You should come with us," Garth said, his voice rushed beyond its normal speed. Kaldur looked for an explanation on Garth's face and finding none, he turned to Tula.

"It is late," Kaldur began, but Tula shook her head.

"It's not so very late, Kaldur. Besides you been gone for a long while - "

"Six months," Garth emphasized.

"And we have missed your company," Tula stated imploringly.

Garth reached and took Kaldur's hand in his. Once, their friendship had been stable enough that Kaldur would not have been surprised. Today their friendship felt as though it rested in much more shallow waters and Kaldur couldn't help the small jubilation that filled him with the unexpected act. "Have your surface friends replaced us so thoroughly that you no longer have need of our friendship?"

"Of course not." Kaldur cared for his teammates greatly, but the type of companionship that came with being best friends was not easily duplicated. Kaldur considered that his fingers were just as different from Garth and Tula's fingers as they were from his teammates. Yet the distant sensation of being different, that Kaldur so often felt when his teammates' hands brushed his or their eyes lingered a little longer than could be considered idle curiosity, did not befall him with Garth's hand in his.

That fact alone was enough to entice Kaldur to follow Tula as she began to swim away. Garth did not remove his hand from Kaldur's, and Kaldur saw no reason to remove his hand, either.

He was somewhat startled to find their end destination to be Tula's bedchambers. But Garth tugged with one hand, and Tula reached for the other, and before he knew it, Kaldur was inside.

"I'm not sure this is entirely proper," Kaldur admitted.

"Oh, it's not. It's absolutely improper," Tula answered. "Or, at least, we hope it ends up that way."

"But don't worry," Garth assured him. "Lorena has Dolphin over at her