minute thing. I’m not part of any other clubs. And I don’t really do much else, so I thought, why not? I was in theater in high school so I figured this would be my best bet. So I emailed Genesis yesterday, and he told me to show up here this morning to get a little training.”

Zack smirked. “But you picked it all up in only an hour.”

“Tch. I did it in high school, remember? Besides…” he let out a quiet laugh. “I really like watching the plays. I can’t wait for this one to tie together. I can tell that it will be really good.”

“Damn straight! It has to come together. Genesis will never let me live it down if it doesn’t.”

Cloud was quiet for a moment. “Why is he so hard on you anyways? Like, I know he’s hard on the others, but he’s exceptionally hard on you.”

Zack climbed down the ladder and moved it so he could paint the middle of the background. “Eh. He’s got his reasons. He and I dated for a while in my freshman year. It didn’t last very long, because of his extreme vanity and my intolerance for douchebaggery, so he holds it against me.”

“Oh.” Cloud said, surprised. “I never would have guessed.”

“That I’m gay?” Zack’s heart began to beat faster. Even though people were more accepting of homosexuality in this area than his home town, he still ran into a few people who were against it. He just didn’t think that Cloud was one of them.

“Ah, no. I can see that.” Cloud flashed a side smile. “I just never thought that you would have dated someone like him. I mean, Genesis is just…pretty?”

Zack nearly knocked over a can of paint. “What, you saying that I’m not pretty?” he accused.

Cloud knelt down to paint the bottom portion of the castle. “I’m saying that I thought you would go for someone who’s got more going for them than their looks.”

Zack’s was taken aback. “That’s a little harsh, don’t you think? I mean, yeah he’s got a temper on him, and he takes that temper out on others, but…he’s passionate, you know? I think that’s what drew me in. When he starts talking about something that he loves, he gets this damn look in his eyes that makes him irresistible. Problem is, when that love is directed at acting and theater, it leaves little room for anything else. Ergo, his vanity.”

Cloud stood up, finished with the castle portion. “Sorry. That wasn’t very appropriate of me to ask, anyways. It’s not my place.”

Zack could feel those blue eyes staring up at him, so he looked down quickly to meet them.

“I don’t mind. It was two years ago, I don’t care for him like that anymore.” Zack climbed down the ladder and scooted it farther down. “We’re almost done here, can you believe it?”

Cloud smiled weakly. “It looks really good. What else can I help out with?”

“Actually…” Zack ran his hand through his hair. “The rest is just shading. You don’t have to stick around any later if you don’t want to.”

Cloud shrugged. “I have nothing better to do. Is there anything else that needs to be done around here?”

“Umm…I mean, yeah, but you shouldn’t have to take responsibility-”

“I already told you I’m staying until this background is finished, so you might as well put me to use.” he said, irritation lining his voice.

Good God. He’s cute when he’s annoyed, too. Zack’s eyes flicked to Cloud’s lips, causing him to lick his own. He shook that thought out of his mind immediately. This kid was probably straight as an arrow. Not to mention, he didn’t need to scare of the only person who was willing to help out with the sets. “There’s a bridge in the back that needs a second layer of varnish if you want to do that?”

“Sure.” Cloud shoved his hands into his pockets. “Where is it?”

“Follow me!” Zack grinned, leading Cloud backstage once more. “It’s on top of this trolley thing so it’s easy to push. I’ll grab the varnish for you if you bring that to center stage?”

Cloud nodded, and Zack went back to the supply room.

When he came back, the bridge was already moved, and Cloud was staring up at the background.

“You alright, buddy?” Zack asked, taking stance next to him.

“It looks so real.” Cloud breathed. “You’re really good