's not intentional. It would certainly be natural for somebody who just broke up, but it makes you feel so...  inadequate. 

The ice is broken when he says you don't have to date him out of pity. That he doesn't need that shit in his life. 

You're a little offended by the implications and you tell him so but it's enough to make you realize you need to not dwell on Dirk just as much as he needs to get over him. You need to show him that you intend on having a proper relationship with him. 

You end up buying him lunch at a cute little family restaurant that you love going to. He hesitates to sit next to you at first but he easily gets comfortable with a hand around your waist. It goes no lower nor higher than it's original placing, which you're grateful for. 

By the end of the meal, you might be a little more tucked under his arm, by your own accord, but you aren't too sure.


♥


The next few dates go much more smoothly, sometimes including lunches that you both switch off on paying for, sometimes just involving walks through the park and talking and laughing. You love his laugh. Maybe because you don't hear it that often, not the boisterous, side splitting one, or maybe just because it's him and you absolutely love him. 

You love him and it hits as suddenly and hard as that baseball in middle school did — the one that knocked out two of your teeth and led you to meet Cronus. 

You love Caliborn. You like to think he loves you too, though you've never said it to each other. 

You spend the night after your fifth date researching when would be an appropriate time to bring that up.


♥


You decide to pop it up on the ninth date. Six and nine had always been your numbers after all, but you didn't feel quite ready enough by the sixth one so nine was your best bet. 

You had it all set up so perfectly and the day was going so smoothly. You pick him up for once and take him to the movie he'd been dying to see for days now, even though you don't care for gore or action movies. You walk a little and you get him to laugh that beautiful, loud laugh again.

You were quite literally getting ready to say those three small but immense words when Dirk Strider walked into the restaurant you two were eating at, with Jake English hanging off his arm. Your mouth falls open, and before you can stop him, Caliborn looks behind him and spots the couple in question. You can see the muscles in his shoulders and neck tense up, can see his jaw set as he grinds his teeth. 

You feel jealousy bubble up in you as you quietly ask for a box for the remainder of your food and for the check. The feeling doesn't leave until you're both at his home and he's got his arm around you again, relaxed and calm. 

He tries to assure you that it was just a surprise to see Dirk with his old boyfriend again but there's a tug at your chest that keeps you from fully believing him. 


♥


The mishap with Dirk sets your plans back. You lose your confidence in telling Caliborn you love him, unsure if he would say it back to you. Weeks go past, turning into a month, nearly two. You've been dating him for three months when he kisses you, unexpectedly and out of the blue. There's no sign of Dirk nor Jake nor are either of you doing anything that would make him want to kiss you. He's holding your hand, yes, but all he says is your name and when you turn to look at him you find his lips on yours. 

It's overwhelming and perfect, if not a little sloppy due to your own inexperience, and when you pull back you finally, finally pull back, you say, "I love you."

He doesn't say it back. Instead, he kisses you again, with enough of a force and vigor to convince you that he didn't need to. 


♥


The next month of your time with him is a lot more intimate, though never too far for comfort. If you show even the slightest bit of discomfort in how things are progressing, he'll stop. 

A movie often follows no matter how far you got before. Then he leaves because by that point it's late and you both have things you need to do. 

Still, you can't help but feel a little terrible for denying him so much.

So you decide that next time you'll let him go all the way. 


♥


Which brings you to this moment now. This moment when you wish you were still blissfully oblivious and in love instead of awkwardly sitting on the edge of your bed, your boyfriend sitting on the opposite side. 

Your younger brother and father were out visiting the Makara household, leaving you two alone. You had thought there was