up in the middle on the night, covered in sweat with his name caught in your throat and a craving in your guts.

The second time it happens, it's wrong on so many levels and you know it. It's at Henry's school, you went there with Regina to meet with Henry's teachers. Among the crowd of parents, you think you see him in his always so elegant black coat and scarf, holding a little girl's hand. You tell yourself you hallucinated it, that your mind is playing dirty games with you again. You attend to the parent-teacher conference, but you find yourself bored to death. Thank God Regina is here because you can't for the life of yours get yourself to focus on the monotonous voice of Henry's english teacher, but you know she hangs to his every words.

During a short break, while you are all waiting for the next teacher to come in, you excuse yourself to Regina, saying you have to make an important call, sheriff's business, and you'll be back soon. She raises an unimpressed eyebrow and you know you didn't fool her. She doesn't say anything though and you're grateful for that.

As you walk down the hallway, you see him leaning against the wall. For a split of a second, you feel like a teenager again, skipping class to meet with your boyfriend. You chase that ridiculous idea out of your head.

This time, you know exactly what is happening and you do nothing to stop it. You end up in the janitor's closet, clutching to the fabric of his coat, whimpering helplessly against his neck. You're against the wall and it's nowhere near comfortable, each thrust makes your back hit the cold stone. Your right hand is gripping a metallic shelf, your left alternates between clinging to his clothes and pulling on his hair. His head is constantly on your neck, licking, biting and sucking, and it only takes you a few minutes to come undone in his arms.

Neither of you mutter a word. You see him look at your neck and slightly cringe. He then takes off his scarf and you can't help but stare at his scar. He carefully places the soft silk around your neck, adjusting it, tugging it under your leather jacket.

When you get back to the classroom, trying your best to act natural, Regina doesn't notice the appearance of the material around your neck. Or if she did, she didn't bat an eyelid.

This time, you can't ignore or pretend it didn't happen. You have marks on your skin to prove it, and a piece of fabric wearing his scent that reminds you of him. It takes less than a week for the marks to disappear, but you still find a pretext to wear the scarf. It's February and you're in Maine, no one seems to notice.

The third time it happens, you can no longer pretend it's an accident. You can no longer put the blame on your impulses because you know you are willingly caving into your growing addiction, you're craving him.

It happens at Granny's dinner while celebrating Ruby's birthday – you can't decide whether you're more ashamed of this time or the time at Henry's school. The place is crowded, everyone is chatting happily, buzzing with energy. You are at a booth eating cake with Mary Margaret and David. Henry is playing outside with other kids under the watchful eyes of Regina and Kathryn.

You spot him in the corner of your eye. This time you don't doubt, you know it's him and a wave of desire sweeps through your body and stettles in your lower stomach. Your heart's pace quickens, your hands are shaking lightly in anticipation. You need your fix.

No one notices that you're gone and it's better that way. He is sitting in a corner and you know his eyes are on you. Your eyes lock onto his for half a second before you turn away and disappear in the hallway. You head straight for the bathroom and you don't even have to wait before the door opens again behind you. You hear the lock click. You turn to face him and his lips are immediatly on yours . You drag him in a stall.

You should feel guilty, you think. It's your friend's birthday, you should be talking with your parents. You should spend more time playing with Henry. You should socialize and make more friends. You should work on getting used to the small town life. But you can't bring yourself to. Not when his hands are caressing your thighs. Not when his mouth is bringing you over the edge. Not when you have his scarf between your teeth as you're trying to muffle your moans. Not when he is panting your name over and over, his forehead covered in drops of sweat and he's staring into your soul as