care about reputation.

“I think he helped feeding all of our little cats and even some of our fully grown-up ass! I wonder what you crows were forming him for… Maybe hunter? He had pretty sharp claws. Maybe nursing or something like that, he did have soft feathers, like the ones of that other kid we ate a few years ago!” Kuroo smirked. Oh, how much Sawamura would want to kill him with that! Keeping your cool? Not today, darling! Kuroo snorted for himself.

“Why are you doing this?” Daichi asked, finally. “What good does talking like that do to you or your business? If you expect me to make a mistake because of that, too bad, it’s not happening. At the very least, you’ll have me shooting all of my arrows to you but that wouldn’t help you either. I have other weapons.”

“Shoot, you blew my cover!” Kuroo grinned. “Now I have to surrender, is that it? Boo, I got caught by the very scary Sawamura, I’m going to die here!”

“Stop playing around. You’re despicable. I don’t know what you hoped when coming here, but I won’t let you pass nor will I let you go.”

Kuroo’s grin didn’t falter. If anything, it only grew larger. Everything was so funny to him. He knew he would have fun if he came to Sawamura but he honestly didn’t expect that much.

What Sawamura thought were his strengths were actually his weaknesses. The poor man didn’t understand anything that was happening and was so oblivious to everything. To Kuroo, the situation was even more hilarious. He could almost burst into laughter right now.

The branches of the trees around them started moving due to the wind blowing. The sounds of leaves ruffling was the only thing they could hear for a moment of silence. Sawamura set his next arrow on his bow, arched it and aimed, though he didn’t let the arrow go for now. Kuroo guessed he was waiting for any movement not to his liking. Still feeling playful, he raised his hands in the air in a shrug; the arrow flew right under his left hand. Laughter began to fill him and he let his head fall back and laughed like he never laughed before.

Predictable and oblivious. Yeah, that was how Kuroo could describe Sawamura at the moment. He had been like that since Kuroo arrived, really. But now everything was even truer. Kuroo could easily say where the next arrows were going to be shot.

“What are your laughing for?!” Daichi yelled, an angry grimace all over his face. Kuroo could almost say it was cute, to see his nose scrunched like that, the flames of rage dancing in his eyes and his pretty human-like teeth out.

Maybe in another life, Kuroo would have taken a better liking of this square face and firm body. Maybe if they hadn’t been from deadly rival clans, they could have gotten along well. Sawamura did look like the kind of friendly and reliable guy. Well, that is, if you except all those times baby crows ended up being Kuroo’s clan’s food. Reliable and trusting— a little bit too much trusting, at that; to Sawamura, enemies could ally to avoid blood baths and wars. That was a quite childish way of thinking, Kuroo had to say. Maybe after that night, Sawamura would stop believing this. His kind-heartedness was what he thought was his greatest strength. Kuroo would prove him it was his greatest weakness.

“I’m laughing for life, my dear Sawamura! Laughing for and at life, because that’s what I can enjoy for another year at least, tonight! Not sure your baby crows will think the same, though. Maybe you should ask them? Or ask my friends what they think about that?”

“What are you—“

Screams rose up in the dark sky of night. Daichi’s eyes widened and he let his bow fall on the ground. Kuroo saw shock and fear fill his eyes quickly before he turned around. Daichi took one step forward and another. But the next one was stopped right away and he found himself in Kuroo’s grip.

The predator smirk on the panther’s face gave him shivers and he felt oh so trapped. He tried to elbow him in the guts, or anywhere actually, but all that happened was Kuroo avoiding the hits and tightening his grip on his throat.

“Say, Sawamura? Do you ever think about how much feelings are fucked up? Those things can either succeed you or kill you at light’s speed. They make you feel like shit for everything and make you lower your guard in the worst situation… You know, just like what happened right now? If you hadn’t focused solely on my presence, maybe you would have seen or heard my friends when they came around and went past you! I’m honoured you see me as your biggest threat, though