cheeks. She also made sure that only his chest was on the arm of the couch. “Don’t want your tummy up there,” She purred, “Gotta make sure that there’s plenty of room for me.” She kneaded his cheeks, leaning down to lick a stripe up his spine. Mm, taffy flavoured sweat! 

John giggled, wiggling his butt against her sheath. “C’mon, C’mon, C’mon!!” He begged, grabbing one of the couch pillows and hugging it. Jade began jacking herself through her sheathe, sliding it up and down until her neon-green dog cock began to show. She pressed her sheathe back, pushing it down until it was nestled beneath the beginnings of her knot. She grinned, running her tongue over her teeth and letting out a shaky breath in anticipation. 

“Here comes the good paaarrrrt~” Jade sing-songed, holding her hands each two inches away from her slick, slightly glowing cock. John looked back over his shoulder, unsure of what she was doing. 

Her already slightly-glowing dick became covered in a thick, pulsing green light and began to grow. It’s natural six inches quickly moved on to seven, eight, ten, twelve - she only stopped when it hit sixteen inches. The width grew in time with the length, becoming a monster cock that promised an even more monstrous knot, later. 

Once satisfied with her cock, Jade moved the focus of her magic to her balls. She grew them and grew them and grew them some more - until they matched her cock in the same ratio as they had before. And the she made them a bit bigger, just because she could. She had always had a lot of cum - once she became part dog, her production had nearly doubled. Now that she was a trickster, THAT production doubled, then doubled again! So with that plus these giant balls, she was sure to get her job done. 

Drawn back the present by John’s needy squirming, Jade shook her head and set to work. She bit her left arm until her sharp canines pierced her skin, drawing forth sweet candy-red blood, tasting just like cherry syrup. She' savors the flavor - and the delicious feeling - for only a moment, before collecting the blood in her right hand to use as lube. 

She roughly pressed three fingers into John, wanting to get the prep over with quick - she only needed enough to actually fit inside. John let out a loud yelp, leading into a pleased groan. He spread his legs further, pillow clutched against his face. He could feel the large pink-blue lollipop on his head sticking to the pillow, but he just didn't care. 

Jade’s prep work was quick and ruthless, and it was only a matter of two minutes before she had her entire fist shoved into his ass. He whimpered and whined, loving every second of the sweet, sweet pleasure-pain. The small trickle of blood leaking out of his ass wasn’t just Jade’s now - but neither cared. 

Once his insides were sufficiently punched, Jade withdrew her arm. John let out a groan at the empty feeling, which prompted Jade to giggle. She pressed a kiss to his gaping hole. Standing up, she quickly stroked herself back up to full hardness - she hadn’t flagged much anyway - and pressed her large, pointed tip against his entrance. 

Jade leaned forward, draping herself over his back and wrapping her arms against his middle. “Ready to get fucked until you pop, Johnnie-Wonnie?” She breathed into his ear, licking a thick stripe up its side. 

“Nnh, just fuck me already, please~” John called out, attempting to thrust his hips back against her. She giggled, rubbing her cock up and down his crack and leaving a light-green trail in its wake. 

And then all of a sudden he was full, so full, too full - and she just kept coming and coming, ridiculously fast thrusts driving her further and further inside, too much too much too much - he screamed and yelled and oh god it was so amazing. Sugar-scented tears of joy ran down his cheeks, leaving sparkling trails in their wake. 

Jade thrusted hard and fast right from the beginning, trying to bury herself in as deep as she was able. Her canine instincts and trickster energy allowed her to thrust faster than her old human hips ever could have. Thudding noises filled the room, the sound of fur hitting flesh, punctuated by John's constant moaning and Jade’s rhythmic grunts. 

John could feel his organs getting pushed out of place with every thrust, could feel his ass tearing and spreading more cherry onto her lime. It was all just, just, so much too much too good….and too fucking funny!

John began to laugh between moans, arching his back and thrusting back against Jade. She began to laugh as well, tightening her grip around his waist and pounding harder as she snickered into his ear. She pressed her hands flat against his stomach and let out