rub it in everyone's faces without saying anything about what actually happened."

Sonoko blinked, "Not.. say anything?"

He grinned in such a way that her heart fluttered recalling a certain white-caped thief who wore the same sort of mischievous cheshire grin, "Who needs details if we make them believe we had the best date of everyone involved?"

She huffed and with a pout crossed her arms over her chest, "I hate you Kudo Shinichi."

"I hate you too, Suzuki Sonoko."


-XXX-


Sonoko hated to admit it to herself again, but if Shinichi really put his mind to it, he could be a real Gentlemen.

It just wasn't fair.

She wanted Ran to be in her place, but she also understood his point.

Sonoko came to have a good time, and she realized Shinichi really did need a break from the dead bodies that had seemingly started cropping up half the time he went out anywhere with Ran. The slow ease of his shoulders as they walked around told her as much.

They were at Tropical Land, (Shinichi muttering something about taking Ran there if she won the Championships,) walking around and taking in the different rides and attractions.

While she could have easily paid for everything herself, Shinichi insisted on treating her like a normal girl while making a quickly explained (and exasperated) phone call to his father about the credit card bill he was about to rack up. She'd faintly heard his father laugh at him from the other end before being hung up on with an annoyed huff from his son, but she appreciated his general sentiment.

Ran never used her for her money, and Shinichi treated her like anyone else. There were times growing up when she'd gain friends, only to realize they were only friends with her for her money. If it hadn't been for Ran, and later she had realized Shinichi also, she would have become bitter and cold toward anyone who might try to befriend her in the future. The two of them had kept her grounded, and could pass on enough wisdom or foresight to take a step away from those who just wanted to use her.

She owed her romanticism to them.

They were both her muse and salvation. She could Dream, and not be embroiled in the bitter rivalries of the rich and famous.

Shinichi poked her in the cheek, cutting off her internal musings, "Earth to Sonoko, you in there?"

She paused and reorientated herself, realizing she'd so completely spaced out that she's unintentionally trusted him to not only guide her to a place to sit, but also eat. She stared at the hot dog and soda in front of her confused, "Where did these come from?"

He stared at her with an upturned eyebrow, pointing at the hot dog stand behind him with a thumb, "The stand?"

Sonoko glared at him, "That's now what I-...Never mind." She picked up her still-fresh hot dog and dug in as he shrugged and did the same. Once their meal was finished she took a long sip of her Cola and leaned into her propped hand, "So, is there anything else you wanna look into you Holmes-Otaku?"

Shinichi blinked, "I heard about a fountain display and figured I'd ask your opinion on if Ran'd like it."

She raised an eyebrow, "I thought we were making this the best date ever?"

He smirked, "I don't think I can top kissing a crying girl in front of a glittering lit up fountain in the back of a flower garden to cheer her up all-too easily."

She huffed, understanding his point. So long as they had fun (and really, she had enjoyed their day out musings aside,) there was still something oddly...lacking.

He stood and took care of their garbage before coming back over and taking her hand, "Come on. We're going to miss it if we don't start walking now."

She stood at the tug on her hand and his urging, "What, is it timed?"

He stared ahead still unconsciously holding her hand, "Yeah. It goes off once every hour."

Sonoko nodded, "Ah."

They walked in an amiable silence, the general noise around her fading away as she suddenly focused on the sky as the sun began to set. The sky was slowly becoming an array of colors, the clouds reflecting oranges, pinks, and purples. She smiled, unintentionally holding Shinichi's hand a little more firmly as he guided them through the crowds without incident. His hand was warm, and she slowly realized how different his hand was from her's. The slight scratchiness of the callouses he'd reluctantly developed from playing violin over the years to be more like his idol Holmes, the difference in size compared to her own, and-

Oh God, she was seriously over-thinking this date. It was slowly becoming too real.

She could not, under any circumstance, crush on Shinichi.

He was her best friend's love interest!

Hell, she'd not only