"I told you it wasn't a good idea, Em."

"And I think you're wrong." Emmett angrily tossed his head. "You have a chance of a lifetime here and you need to take it. So what if he doesn't remember the bad times - oops."

"Bad times?" Justin asked.

"Yes, Justin, and what about Rodney?" Jennifer hurriedly asked.

"Who's Rodney?" Emmett wanted to know.

Justin shrugged. "You got me."

"The boyfriend no doubt," Brian said dryly.

"Mom?"

Jennifer warred with herself. "He's your ... dog."

"I have a dog?" You could hear the excitement in Justin's voice. Then a worried look crossed his face. "Who's watching my dog?"

"Chester," Jen admitted.

"Who's Chester?" Several voices asked at the same time.

"Chester is your agent." Before Justin could question more Jen continued. "Before you go traipsing off anywhere's there is so much you need to learn."

"Jen, he can do that just as easily in Toronto as anywhere and you're welcome to come along. Hell, Justin, you can even bring the dog," Emmett offered, ignoring any objections that might be made, then he heaved a sigh of relief. "Well, I'm glad that's settled."

***

Brian had learned throughout the years that arguing with Emmett was fruitless. Luckily the advertising business was doing good and Brian had been fortunate to be able to afford a private plane for traveling around the country. It wasn't as if it were any trouble since Ted was coming along to attend Gus' party, plus looking over the books making the trip a business expense. Ted and Emmett had their heads together, either catching up on the latest gossip or Emmett was getting financial advise. Emmett was no dummy. Jennifer was sitting fiercely, protective of her son and Justin - Justin was happily renewing acquaintance with his dog, a small shaggy haired mutt. Brian took a sip from his drink and studied Justin's profile, grateful that the flight wouldn't be long.

At this time in his life Brian Kinney was content. Did he really want to stir up old hurts? Go back to his old ways? Not that he had any regrets, he'd been who he was and that in turn had speed him toward the man he was today. Brian smirked. Successful.

"Hi."

Justin was sitting next to him and his dog was trying to lick Brian's face.

"Could you please move that stupid dog of yours away from me? He's getting hair all over my favorite suit."

Justin just laughed. "Same old Brian. He likes you." Then he got serious. "I was talking with my mom. She says I'm famous, that I live in New York City. How the fuck did that happen? What happened to us?"

"You went to New York to be the best homosexual you can be. You succeeded admirably."

Justin snuck a peek at his mother. "Why did Michael attack me?" he asked quietly.

Brian took a sip of his drink. "I don't know," he admitted sadly. "I just don't know." Somewhere down the line he'd obviously let Mikey down.

"So, Brian, what have you been doing lately?" Jennifer moved to sit nearby.

Brian was saved answering by the announcement to return to their seats and buckle up, they would be landing soon. When they descended out the door, Brian was surprised to find a limo waiting for them. He canted an eyebrow at Emmett, who shrugged and announced. "Wasn't it a nice gesture of the tourist commission to send us a ride home."

He shook his head. Toronto's tourist commission had benefited greatly from Kinnetik's advertising, especially when Brian had cut them a special rate. In return he could house and entertain Kinnetik clients at some of the best hotel's and restaurants for practically peanuts. Emmett had the pleasure of ushering everyone inside, deliberately making sure that Justin and Brian sat together.

"Call me an incurable romantic," he'd murmured in Brian's ear.

Emmett took charge of the dog, offering drinks to everyone, in other words playing the perfect host or in Emmett's case hostess. Eventually they pulled up to the building that housed Kinnetik Toronto, among other things. When Brian finally decided that he would consider Mysterious Marilyn's advice, he'd gone to Toronto and looked up some properties. None of them seemed quite right until he saw this one. It was five stories. Room for Kinnetik T, plus an apartment for him. That left two floors available should he ask Emmett to join him. Emmett did and it had turned out very beneficial. They started out small, Brian had done his homework and decided to throw a launch party to introduce Kinnetik Toronto. Emmett had taken over the ground floor and did a magnificent job of event planning, gaining himself a