choice, for while life is hesitant, it is Death who compels us to set our choices in stone.”

The one who asked for the reading looked almost hesitant now, nervous, as their moirail rubbed their knee soothingly. One of those couples who needed a lot of physical contact, which was probably why they had opted that keeping a relationship private was simply no longer an option whenever the young lordling was called back to The Court. Too many would be aware of the pair and how they felt, with intents and love and compassion written in touch and gesture and sidelong glance.

“Death calls for your choice and while the path is hard, as so many are, you must be resolute. No shrinking violets, yes?” said Rose, with tilted head and a tilted hand gesture to a table almost nearby, where a finned troll with an exquisitely purple cape lounged near their beloved princess, though at another table than her. It was obvious to all, including Feferi, that he would rather sit at the table with her but for reasons unknown was scowling into a cup of apricot juice morosely. She was rewarded with giggles that heightened the tension instead of relieving it, the group eager to hear the outcome as they surreptitiously gathered in closer.

“Two of swords promotes positivity, a change, decision making. It works with Death in this instance, with the two saying your crossroads has arrived and decisions made have a goodly chance of being in your favor, the outcome you desire.”

The troll looked startled at that, looking at his moirail in confusion, in near hope. Clearly he had come into this reading expecting much the same as Rose herself had when the matter had first been broached over a late afternoon snack of freshly baked bread topped with steaming fish and a delightful hollandaise.

 

Rose secreted the deck of the arcana away from her mother’s jewelry box on the waxing moon, two nights before it was full, and gathered her other supplies carefully: fat white tapers plucked from the family chapel, honeycakes stolen from the kitchen, straight sharp pins stashed in the hem of her tunic after distracting the maids in the laundry. She made her preparations in the afternoon in a visiting room that had not seen use in years, using the dust itself to lay out the circles needed for what she had planned but not sealing them just yet. As the air turned golden and shimmered motes in the air and the corners of eyes, she thought long and hard about what she intended to do.

At last the gold dispersed, leaving behind the odd thick gray coolness that only a proper summer twilight can cast. At its first sleek nudge into the room, filling everything at once with a flatness of shape and breadth, Rose acted. She set out the honeycakes, thoughtfully laid on her favorite plate, with a vivid purple pattern of cats bordering the rim. The plate went at the head of the not yet sealed circle, which was large enough to expand several feet around her. She laid out her supplies: box of cards, pins (so much easier to conceal than an arthame, though she hoped the gods would understand just how much most adults despised handing out knives for the hell of it to children), and tapers. The tapers she set up as she had seen their Emissary do in the chapel, where those gathered would watch from above on upper levels and look below to see the doings of their furthest gods.

She sealed the circle with one final swipe in the thick layer of dust and lit the tapers, at first lighting one with a smoldering coal in a tin cup, then using the lit wick to set the others ablaze. Rose worked faster, pulling the deck out from its box and shuffling quickly, marveling at the rightness of it in her hands. Twilight would only last so long so she didn’t dare linger, setting out a formation for the asking of advice, a simple four clover spread with the cards circling each other, echoing the circle that surrounded her. Then, with a quick breath and the blood pounding in her ears, she lifted a pin and jabbed it squarely in the palm of her left hand, so that the same blood drowning out all other noises in a growing chorus might drip on the honeycakes and give power to the offering.

She tried to speak once, failed, cleared her suddenly thick throat again and gasped out the words she had been practicing in the golden hour.

“O those of the Furthest Ring, Gods that I serve and my family has served, please, give me some answers. I’m a girl, I know it, but how do I convince those around me of this? How might I set to please you, to do my best, to bring honor to the calling?”

Towards the end the words had simply not wanted to come out but Rose refused to let herself think too heavily upon it. She was simply off her game today, today of all days, with the air still and gray and a fat lovely moon on the horizon. She coughed again, thinking the tapers should have had their wicks trimmed for the wisps of smoke they were giving off, almost as