bones and last but not least the black shorts.

Horrified you glance over your shoulder.

Okay, recap, you sit completly naked on the ripcage of the guy you have a cruch on. In other circumstances this would be pretty nice.

Just starring in his white orbs which are floating in his eyesockets you flushed again but in a even deeper shade of red. Tears starts forming in your eyes, too shocked to move. Why does all this shit happen today?

You tremble lightly, because you're so desperately trying to stop yourself from crying. You break the eyecontact. Until you see something in the corner of your eyes. A dimmed blue is shining through Sans' shorts. Just about where his pelvis is.

You still didn't move an inch.

"S-Sans...?"

"ohmystarsI'msosorry!"

He tries to sits up but eventually gives up after noticing he won't get much further than leaning on his elbows.

You don't know why you're not standing up to run towards Papy's room so you can lock yourself in and cry yourself to sleep right way. Maybe because this is exactly what you want somehow.

So much wet dreams about Sans, so many dirty daydreams and now it seems like there is a chance that all of that can come true. Thinking back to all of your fantasies, you feel that you're getting wet.

"uhh sorry to interrupt your thoughts, but ya know.. this is actually my favourite hoodie...so uhm.."

Snapping out of your thoughts you jump up and get of Sans, leaning against the wall and cover yourself with your arms again. You see a dark stain on his hoodie, right at the spot where you sat a merly a few seconds ago. Too terrified to look directly into his eyes, you stare at the spot.

"I..I will wash it, I'll promise!!"

"do you...like to see me like that?"

His voice is barely audible. More like a whisper, so soft that you almost didn't hear it. His gaze is locked to the ground.

At first you don't get what he is trying to say, but when you see the blue growing bulge in his short you understand.

"..Yeah...I really do..."

His head shoots up, eye sockets widening and searches your gaze. After some silent seconds he stand up, steps forward and holds his hand out for you. Without thinking about it you grab it and he pulls you up to your feet. Your clothes are still on the ground but you don't let go of his hand, which is surprisingly warm for just bones.

Sans lifts his other hand up as well, stopping just inches away from your arm waiting silently for permission to touch you. When you nod he caresses your arm, shoulder and neck with light touches. Sighing deeply he finds more confidence withing himself. Without much force he pulls you closer, so that you can, if you wanted, stop him. But why would you? You've waited so long for this.

You lay your lips ontop of his teeth,  his magic is tickling you lightly.  you part your lips and give a soft experimental lick at his teeth. Sans gets the message and opens his mouth so you can explore more. When your tongue enters, his magic appendage appears, fighting yours with lust.

But just like every other moment has to stop at some point, and this one is interuppted by the sound of the front doo slamming shut.

Sans reacts faster than you, and before you know you're in the bathroom again.

"HUMAN I, THE GREAT PAPYRUS, IS BACK FROM THE SUPERMARKET WITH THE MISSING GROCERIES!"

"'sup bro?"

"SANS? IS THAT YOU? WHERE IS THE HUMAN?"

"oh, we're in the bathroom, just wanted to take a quick shower ya know?"

You roll your eyes at him and shoot him a quick "are you kidding me" look.

He winks at you.

"OH I SEE, THANK YOU FOR TAKING CARE OF THEM! I WILL START COOKING, SO MAKE SURE THAT YOU'LL FINISH SOON!"

You know that he means this in a complete unsexual way, but it just sounds so wrong.

"so uhmm..I want to shower and I know you're already finished by now, but.. do you care to join me?"

You just grab his hoodie and tug it off his shoulders sending it straight to the floor. Your hands grab the hem of his shirt next. He lifts his arms to make it more eas for you to remove the piece of garment.

Then you turn around and make your way to the shower and turn the faucet back on. The water clatters nicely against the tiles.

Sans follows you but stops right behind you, just to wrap his arms around your middle and hug you from behind. His teeth nips on your shoulder, and his tongue swipes a licks at the base of your neck. A quiet moan escapes your mouth and you let your head rill to the other side to grant him more access.

After a while, when the