away. When had she gotten all the way over here!?

Eyes snapping open, he verified that her concerned face was close – dangerously close – to his own, eyes innocently imploring as she held out a couple pills and a glass of water. He wordlessly accepted them as he propped himself up to drink, administering the pills and effectively stalling his answer until his heart stilled from the surprise of her sudden proximity.

He was also flustered that he couldn't figure out why she was having such an effect on him – a very Ladybug-esque effect on him. Was it because she'd called him 'Chaton'? It certainly didn't help that she had the same color eyes and hair as his lady. Even so, he couldn't allow his heart to have such a reaction over every girl in Paris with black hair and blue eyes. Starting now, he'd be training it to be firm in his resolve to not be moved by any girl besides Ladybug… No matter how his hormones raged over such things that normally made teenage boys' hormones rage… such things that hid behind cute floral pajama tops…

Sputtering on his water, Chat coughed as some of it went down the wrong way in response to his violent attempt to stop his mind from wandering to forbidden places.

"You alright?" Marinette asked, concern etching across her naïve face, making him feel all the more guilty. It didn't help that she'd leaned forward to aid him and had begun to pat his back in what he was certain she thought was a helpful gesture – but it was anything but.
He tensed instinctively and stuttered, "H-how about that food? Now that I'm more awake, I've realized that I'm pawsitively famished."

She giggled. 'Be still my heart.' The bewildered hero told himself. This girl certainly wasn't helping this confusing situation by continuing to be so dang cute. No one ever really laughed at his jokes; he made them solely because he got enjoyment out of them; he never expected anyone else to find humor in them. Now with just a single sound, this infuriating girl was unraveling his guard, beckoning him towards a place that felt safe and warm.

Marinette couldn't help herself – she'd been so worried for her partner after that nasty tumble, but with a single pun he'd dispelled her concerns, reminding her that he was still the same old Chat and a little fall wasn't going to change that. In her relief, she couldn't stop the mirth from bubbling up and coming forth as a giggle. She then hurriedly promised that she'd be right back and went to the kitchen just a few feet over to see what they had available in the fridge.

Not wanting to disturb her sleeping parents with the sound of their microwave – for the darned contraption had been on its last legs for quite awhile, the turntable groaning in obnoxiously loud protests whenever it was used – Marinette decided on whipping up something quick on the stove instead. "Hey, are scrambled eggs okay? How about some toast?" she called from the kitchen, taking care to be both loud enough to be heard from the couch and yet quiet enough to not be heard from her parent's bedroom down the hall.
"I'm fine with anything." Came Chat's sing-song response.

She observed him briefly as he reclined on the couch, eyes closed with a look of self-satisfied contentment on his features. She was tempted to snap at him and tell him not to get too comfortable – she wasn't going to wait on him hand and foot indefinitely – his cockiness definitely didn't need any bolstering. But he just looked so peaceful, like he was right at home and this was the most natural place in the world for him to be. 'I wonder how mom and dad would feel about taking in a stray cat…?'

Shaking her head to rid it of its sudden nonsense, she busied herself preparing the food as quickly yet quietly as she could. When she'd plated the humble feast, she placed it on a tray and traipsed back to the couch, taking care to tread lightly and not trip on the way over – goodness knows she'd failed similar journeys many times before and she was determined not to embarrass herself in front of Chat.

"Need help with that, Princess?" Chat asked, breaking Marinette's concentration as she started in fright at his unexpected proximity. All her hard work went to waste as the sudden jerk caused her to trip over her own feet and, physics be darned, the food achieved liftoff.

The result was two very stunned teenagers staring at each other, one having braced the other to break her fall, but landing himself right in the trajectory of the airborne edibles in the end. They stood still as statues, regarding one another with wide eyes as the facts of the situation sunk in. Marinette was in Chat's arms, the tray sandwiched between their otherwise adjacent bodies, with Chat supporting the gist of their combined weight. He was quite thankful