care. Death was a cycle; it was endless, and it was irrelevant.

“Brooding again, I see,” a voice that sent chills down Makishima’s spine spoke from behind him. It was like Hachi’s, like Nana’s, but it was hollow; lifeless.

“What are you doing here?” Makishima asked without turning. Seeing the fourth god or not seeing him—it didn’t matter. That horrible face would haunt him until he broke apart and dissolved into the soil just as the damned. Makishima already knew that there was no other side waiting for him.

The fourth god—the one that called himself Shi—came into view in Makishima's peripheral vision, his tattered black hakama swishing as he moved. “I came to check on you, of course. Our dear Yuusuke, the mortal in the land of gods…”

Our. Shi often spoke as though he were the voice of all gods, though Makishima wasn’t sure why. Nor was he sure why Shi was so fascinated with him. The fourth god, with a name that meant death, had been wandering into the Nowhere for—well, Makishima wasn’t sure how long. Time was unknowable to him in this place.

“I’m fine. You can go now,” Makishima replied with as much indifference as he could muster. Showing emotion around Shi would only make the god want to toy with him. Unlike his siblings, he was sadistic. As if the one that ruled over hell could be anything but.

“Ah, ah. I came to see you, little spider.” Makishima shuddered, his teeth grinding together. “It is too soon to go back.”

“Please stop calling me that,” Makishima bit out. Shi laughed, a sound so wrought with emptiness that Makishima shuddered again.

“You must really miss him, don't you? Hachi?” Shi sat smoothly behind Makishima, his arms coming to wrap around Makishima’s waist too quickly for the witch to react. “I can help you with that…”

“I would rather you didn’t.” Makishima attempted to scoot away, but Shi held tight to his body. Weak as he was, he couldn’t break the god’s grip. What was Shi up to this time? Dread curled in Makishima’s chest; Shi never came with good intentions.

“Quiet, little spider,” Shi whispered, pulling another involuntary shiver from Makishima. How did Shi even know…? The idea of Hachi being destined for hell was abhorrent, no matter the rage that Makishima felt when he remembered the days before this eternal sleep.

Cold fingers brushed under Makishima’s chin, turning his head so that his eyes met the god’s; they were just as cold, just as blank as they ever were. Like the ferryman, the god had eyes like endless tunnels that swallowed Makishima whole. “What are you—mmn…”

Shi’s lips pressed against his own, effectively cutting Makishima off. Those eerie violet eyes overlapped in his vision before they closed. The witch hardly had time to wonder what the god was doing; his lips were parted, an odd metallic taste invading his senses as his mouth was ravaged. A firm hand clenched his hair to hold him in place. Waves of cold rolled through his body, pulling him to focus on the sensations rather than the absurdity of it. Damn the gods and damn their ability to control mortal minds! Makishima cursed Shi as his body went slack and his eyes fell closed; he was quickly manipulated to lie back in the dirt beneath the oversized god, panic welling in the back of his mind.

Tendrils of magic enveloped Makishima, who was at least able to realize that his will was being melded with Shi’s. It kept him somewhat grounded even as hands moved across his waist and down to his hips, slipped under his ragged yukata and brushed further down. This wasn’t a case of aggressive passion—it wasn’t lust. Makishima knew that much from the way he was being touched, from the void he sensed as his mind fought the pull to surrender, not to mention just knowing the god as well as he did. There was a goal, there had to be.

“The Nowhere does not need you,” Shi murmured as his mouth trailed downward. “You do not have to be alone.”

Of course the Nowhere didn’t need him specifically; Makishima didn’t need to be told that if he neglected guiding souls, he would be replaced. Why was Shi reminding him? Makishima forced himself to remain focused on the question even as Shi’s hands parted his thighs.


How long has it been since someone touched you, little spider?


A flare of anger burned hot in Makishima’s stomach. Hearing Shi’s voice echo inside his own head was never pleasant; unlike Hachi, Shi didn’t seem to grasp that melding like this was a disturbing invasion of privacy. He had no understanding of human emotion, which brought Makishima back to wonder: why was he imitating human intimacy?

“Stop,” Makishima tried to