ve got you some accommodations topside.  Now, the powers that be...”  Gabe rolled his eyes.  “Are concerned with you going rogue.  That whole Mark of Cain thing.  They're not sure how dangerous you're going to turn out to be.  So they've assigned me to watch over you.  So I can just zap your ass back here, pronto, if the need arises.”

Dean frowned.  “You... you sorted this all out in the ten seconds that you zoned out there for?”

“Of course.”  Gabe flashed Dean a grin.  “Angel Radio is a whole lot faster than Wi-Fi, let me tell you.”  

Gabriel touched Dean's forehead, and suddenly, they were somewhere else.

“Welcome, to Chez Gabe!”

Dean looked around.  It appeared to be a somewhat small, though quite cozy cabin.  The walls were peeled logs, and the bare wooden floor had several rugs.  Dean could see a bedroom and a bathroom, off the main area.  There was a modern kitchen, with a small dining nook.  There were lights on the end tables, a comfy couch, and a large, flat television.  It was a whole, whole lot nicer than the dumps Dean usually stayed in.  There was white snow, beyond the windows.

“Wh... where are we, Gabe?”

Gabriel walked Dean to the couch, and helped him to sit.  It was soft and squashy and incredibly comfortable.  “Best you don't know.  I can tell you, though, that we're in the middle of bloody nowhere.  I can tell you that the builders, the guys who ran the power lines and water and stuff, they hated the architects.  And I can tell you that short of a cruise liner or a plane, it's gonna be tricky to get back to the bunker.”


The bunker.


“W-where's Sam, Gabe?  Where's Cas?”

Gabriel squinched up his face and stared critically at Dean, as though trying to decide what to tell him.  “Cassie and Sam are in the bunker.  They chose to stay there.  Well, Sam chose to stay there, and whatever Sam wants, Cassie gives him.”

“Is... is Sam okay?”  Dean's eyes were wide and fearful.  

Gabriel sat down on the couch beside Dean.  “Sam's messed up, Dean.  Seriously messed up.  That demon did a number on him, man.  Well,”  Gabriel shrugged.  “You saw.  You know.”

Dean swallowed hard, and his eyes filled with tears.

“Look, look.”  Gabriel touched Dean's arm lightly.  “Cas is with him.  Cas stays with him, all the time.  And he's getting better.  But it's gonna be a long, long road, for poor Sammy.”

Dean nodded, his mouth pressed shut, and tried to blink back his tears.

“Hey.  It's okay, man.  You're allowed to cry.  Right now, you're fighting it so hard that it's giving me a headache.  And I can't even get headaches.  So you go ahead, and let it out.”

A tear slipped down Dean's cheek.  He didn't want to cry, because he was afraid that if he started, he'd never stop.

 

*

 

Sam had fallen asleep against Castiel as they watched the movie, as he often did.  But Castiel knew that sleeping on the couch in the lounge was hard on Sam's back, and so he reluctantly woke him.

“Sam”  Castiel's voice was soft, and Sam's brows scrunched together.  Sam's arms gripped Castiel a little tighter.  Sam was always like this, upon waking, clingy and not wanting to move or get up.  Castiel wasn't sure if it was how he had been before, or if this behaviour was caused by having been woken abruptly too many times, only to be tortured.

“Sam.”  Castiel's voice was a little firmer.  Sam sighed.

“Do I have to?”

“Yes.  Up.  Use the washroom, and then we can go to bed.”  Sam got to his feet, grumbling under his breath, his hair mussed.  He tottered off towards the washroom adjoining his bedroom.  Castiel tidied the lounge, and turned the movie off, before following Sam.

Castiel laid down under the blankets on Sam's bed, waiting for him to finish.  He wasn't sure how to broach the topic of Dean with him, but he felt he owed Sam an explanation of what was happening.  

Gabriel had been keeping Castiel informed, and he knew that Gabriel and Dean had been settled into a cabin in Sweden.  That Dean was conscious, awake, and interacting well with Gabriel.  That Dean harboured tremendous pain and guilt over what had been done to Sam.

Sam emerged from the washroom in his t-shirt and sleep pants, and crawled into bed beside Castiel, snuggling up against him, his head on Castiel's shoulder.

“Sam...” Castiel began.

“Yeah