i deserved that.." Minato groaned in pain, while nursing his stomach '..though, i think the bastard part was Unnecassary' he added, as an afterthought.

"Tell me...! Why did you and mother sealed the Kyuubi in me?" Naruto questioned his father, as tears started to fall from his eye.

"sigh... I was the Hokage, Naruto" Minato simply replied."and as a hokage, it was my responsibility, to protect the Village and the people.."

"I know that! DAMN It!" Naruto angrily said."I Know that a hokage, is supposed to protect the people and the village. But it doesn't explain why you have to sealed the Kyuubi in me!""Do you even know? How much i had to suffer...! I was treated as an outcast, by my own village..! Did you and mother even thought...about that! Or both of you didn't even cared about me.."Naruto!"Naruto questiones were halted, when Minato harshly called out his name.

"Naruto..." Minato called, as he took a deep breath "...huff.. I know that whatever i say won't justify my actions. But never think that... me and your mother didn't loved you. Especially, your mother.. You were her world...our world! Kushina was fully against the idea of sealing the Kyuubi into you. Since she also knew, how harsh the life of a Jinchuuriki was!"

With that said, Minato directly looked at his son's eyes with a bitter smile on his face... He looked, as if he had age by a decade; due to the weight of his guilt and regrets.. "So, if you want to blame someone; than it should be me."

Naruto, was now throughly confused... Here, his father, who had cursed his life was telling him that his mother was not to be blamed, and was also telling that both of them had loved him... Then, was he tricked by the Kyuubi? He didn't know who was to be blamed... But, he didn't care much of that... He just wanted to know, why his own father had sealed the kyuubi in him?"I don't know or even care..." Naruto started as he wiped the tears off his face "...who is the one to be blamed? But, just tell me! Your reason for sealing the Kyuubi in me? DAMN IT!!" he practically yelled out the question at the last part.

"Because... you were my son." Minato simply replied with a gentle smile. And that simple reply, was something that Naruto hadn't expected as an answer. So, he just stood there with a confused expression over his face.

Seeing the confused look on Naruto face. Minato, decided to elaborate his actions. "Just think Naruto... How can i ask someone to sacrifice their child, for the sealing. When, i couldn't even sacrifice my own... being the hokage. Won't it be selfish on my part?"

That question made Naruto to think hard.. Since, his own dream was to become a hokage, himself. And as he thought over the question, he realised that he himself, wouldn't have ask someone to sacrifice their child.. Since, it would selfish on his own part and would also be against his nindo...

"And even if.." Minato continued as he saw, a look of realisation dawn over Naruto, face. "..someone was willing to sacrifice their child for the sealing, it won't have been possible to seal the Kyuubi, into anyone other than an Uzumaki or an infant child; whose chakra coils hadn't developed.. and regretfully, you were the only infant born on that day.. And how much i loathed my decision of sealing the Kyuubi, into you."  Minato stopped and swallowed the lump, that had been forming in his mouth. " you should understand...that i didn't have any other choices."

As Naruto heard his father explanation, he just blinked owlishly and asked the one question that had been haunting his mind. " Uh.. So... You didn't seal the kyuubi, in me. Just by somehow, knowing that i would be weak when i grow up and thought that i would need the his power to grow strong?"

"eh.. Who told you that?" 

"Umm.. The Kyuubi."

"Its a lie and did he told you any other things" Minato asked Naruto, to which he recieved a nod as an answer "Tell me, what things did he told you"

"umm..yea.." Naruto said as he told his father, the conversation that he had with the Kyuubi.

"..."

Minato stared at Naruto, with a deadpan expression; like he had heard the most ridiculous thing ever.."And you believed all that?" Minato asked to which Naruto nodded, while rubbing the back of his head sheepishly, going back to his usual self.

"..."

Minato sweatdropped...

Naruto was feeling very, embarrased for believing in the Kyuubi.. and his father deadpan expression was not helping him at all.But most of all, he was