pretty neck of hers); watching as she yelled right back at him, her eyes flashing in anger. His housemates wouldn't ever believe that he ever fought with Susan, outside the DA - and that was years ago - they'd never seen her say more than five words at once. Of course, his housemates more than once told him they didn't believe it because they rarely saw him lose his temper. But there was just something about the way she got under his skin...

Over time he'd learned there was one way to deal with her messiness outside of her notes. As the 'senior partner' in their research endeavor - there were a few perks to being a hero of the war, and that was one of them - he was technically her boss (reason #85637 why he wasn't about to let himself get involved with her) and therefore able to give 'orders'.

Or at least in this case designate one day at the beginning of every month for them to do nothing but tackle book work; find all the slips of paper that seemed to lose themselves in the Tentacula's corner (times were that he swore she'd trained that thing to steal his notes) and get things in order for the new month. He wasn't sure if he would have kept his sanity this long without this book work day. Yet, at the same time, he wasn't certain how he was keeping it considering how long he'd been staring at the way her tongue wrapped around the tip of her quill as she reworked figures in her head.

He was going to be caught if he kept watching, and he certainly wasn't going to be in any condition to stand decently anytime soon considering what she'd definitely notice then. Shifting slightly in his seat, trying to relieve some pressure on certain parts of his body, he tried to turn his attention back to the order form he was filling out. She'd given him a list of plants she needed for the next go-round in her experiments and he was trying to combine her list with his and determine if there was enough grant money for this month to cover the order.

Reviewing her list, he automatically crossed off Fireweed (he wasn't going down that road again), decided that between the two of them they didn't need two flats of jasmine and glanced up just in time to see her tuck her hair up in a knot on the back of her head and secure it with her wand. (She really should wear blouses that were looser across the front, not so... snug... that the buttons pulled as she stretched back behind her; the kind where the fabric gaped open in places and gave him interesting glimpses of skin and lace.) He wasn't certain why she would put her hair up if she was cold, and she was noticeably cold - not that he was going to mention it to her. No, he wasn't going to get caught taking note of his coworker's breasts or the impossibly hard nipples said breasts sported. That was a one-way ticket to getting himself hexed he was quite certain.

Not to mention the fact that friends didn't bring things like that up. Really.

But maybe there was a more innocuous way to bring up the topic; perhaps see if she would like for him to strengthen the Warming Charms (not that he'd prefer that, as he was boiling himself, but if she wanted him to... it might be best considering things). Her current state was most distracting. Especially in his current state. As he wracked his brain for said innocuous way of asking just that, he noticed that she wasn't sitting across from him anymore but standing. Oh. She must have finished her paperwork (she always finished before him; he was certain it was because he was so distracted he couldn't think properly when they were working together).

She made her way around the table they were using as a desk, carelessly tossing the papers she had been working with on top of his. Making it impossible for him to continue working and ignore her (they were practically eye level with him sitting down, there was no way he could ignore that why couldn't she have just left her papers there like usual and must he look at her - look up at her face, don't stray below her neck, up at her face and good Godric he wasn't going to be able to stand until long after she left) as she leaned in close, shaking her head. "You're finished?" he asked, trying to keep to business at hand and hoping she'd leave. Only she wasn't leaving like she usually did. "Yes?"

"You, Neville Longbottom," she said in an exasperated, yet slightly amused voice, "are a singularly impossible man."

"Huh?" He asked rather ineloquently, not quite certain where she was going to go with this and still half distracted by things in front of him.

She just rolled her eyes and leaned in, pressing her lips