blue eyes, that she want to get out there.  At least the night’s not a total loss.  They fumble their way out back to her car and clamber ungracefully into the back; it’s pretty clean except for a couple of unopened bottles of bourbon and whiskey at their feet; And Dean shouldn’t really be sweating the minor details but for some reason he can’t quite seem to focus.  He peels off her shirt and starts working at her bra as she grinds against him and paws at him trying to get his belt unbuckled. 

“Fuck, you’re so hot.” She coos as she kisses him; her mouth tastes sour, like stale beer and cigarette ash; and emphasizes the point with a dirty grind of her hips. 

Dean’s heart is pounding like crazy.  Their skin is hot and damp.  The pressure’s intense.  It all feels… wrong.  It’s all so frustratingly wrong that Dean can’t help but gently push her back, mood all shot down to hell.  She pushes her long brown hair; it’s the wrong shade; out of her face and widens her big blue eyes; there’s not enough gold in them; in confusion. 

“I’m sorry, I can’t do this.” He hears himself say out loud, focusing on the tiny mole above her mouth; it’s in the wrong spot.

“Wha-wait-what?”  She even stutters wrong.

Dean clambers out of from the back seat; but not before pocketing one of the bottles of booze for his trouble, he is a Winchester after all; and fixes himself up all the while apologizing to the confused, half-naked woman.  He makes his way through the party, not really giving a damn about the dirty looks, because after all there are more important things waiting at home. 

-W-

The (temporary) apartment is eerily still as he gets to it.  All the lights are out and the only sound is the faint, static-y croon of Herman Munster coming from their second hand, ten inch TV complete with stolen cable.  Dean quietly; it’s second nature to make as little noise as possible; makes his way to the living room and idly stands in the door way.  Sam’s lying on the floor, clad only in a white pair of boxers and a T-shirt, distractedly gulping down mouthfuls of crimson sugar water; the slushie long melted by now. 

“Hey.” Sam turns wide eyed and startled at the greeting, and really the kid should be more careful about everything; you know the whole stranger danger and what not.

 

“You’re back.” And maybe Dean’s imagining things, but he sounds almost giddy. “Why are you back?”

 

“Party was lame.” Dean shrugs out of his jacket, toes out his boots and collapses on the floor next to Sam.  The gray and beige speckled, polyester carpet is rough and scratchy against the sensitive skin of his neck so he snatches one of the pillows from underneath Sam’s head. 

 

“Hey!” Sam complains with no actual heat behind it as Dean unscrews the pilfered whiskey bottle and offers him a drink as a sing of justification.

Sam’s less of a light weight than Dean gives him credit for.  It takes them four episodes and ¾ of the bottle; granted that was probably mostly Dean; before his words even begin to slur and his face begins to pinken. 

 

“So when does your doppelganger show up?” Dean ruffles Sam’s hair, resisting the urge to card his fingers through the long, silken strands.  Sam eyes him dubiously and Dean elaborates. “You know the thing with the hair, Uncle Thing or whatever.”

 

“Cousin It?” Sam chokes out a laugh against the lip of the bottle, causing a few drops of the amber liquid to slosh down his chin.  Dean thinks it’s really such a shame for free booze to go to waste.  “That’s the Adams Family.  How do you not know that?”  Sam drops his head against the edge of his pillow with an audible thud.  Their faces are only a foot away from each other at the most and Dean swears he can count every single fleck of gold and green in Sam’s glassy hazel eyes. 

“Looks jus’ like you man- only better lookin’” Dean Shrugs and takes another deep swig from the bottle.  “ Yer both annoying as hell.”  When he turns back to Sam his face is sad, pensive.  All the spark is gone. 

 

“Do I bug you?”  His voice is barely above a whisper and it causes a pang of ache in Dean’s chest.  He feels his throat closing up and can barely let out the words. 

 

“How can you even think that?”

 

“You’ve been acting weird around me lately.”  Dean has? “Avoiding me and- I’m really sorry Dean. I know its sick but I can’t help it-“ Sam’s eyes look glassy for a completely different reason, his voice comes out shaky, like a repressed sob,