than one, the truth to what was behind his deal just fell out of his mouth. He took a moment to compose himself, turning away with a laugh. “There you have it. You claimed two years ago that I would bring you down, but it was the opposite. You have brought me to a new low, but I won’t apologize for my feelings. I won’t give you the satisfaction of taking that away from me as well.”

Standing now that he put on blast, Sebastian shook his head and tried to counter. “Ciel-...”

“No!” Ciel turned back, hissing yet again. “I want you out. I order you to get out and do not return here until tomorrow morning. I don’t think I will be able to take the sight of you until then.” He turned away, ignoring the sound of Sebastian crossing the room and the door closing behind him. As soon as he was sure he was alone, he collapsed to the floor, tears for the first time in more than half a century falling down his cheeks. He felt broken and lost. He hadn’t felt this way since he discovered the identity of his parent’s killers.  

Even though Ciel can hold a grudge it doesn't always means he wishes to. However, when it comes to his business the Earl Phantomhive is more than ruthless.

By the next morning Sebastian was feeling more than apprehensive about seeing his master again. He knew that he shouldn’t have been so undone by what was said, but the thing was, after fifty years of wishing he was still serving only two years of service to the fourteen year old boy he’d made a binding contract with, this was the first time he’d seen him. The young man who yelled at him, screamed at him and admitted his feelings was the child he’d been so fond of all those years ago. Even though anyone else in his position would have been fearful of walking into this den, he felt himself compelled to go. Besides, they had a meeting in another hour, they needed to get moving.

Arriving finally, he unlocked the door and pushed it open. Ciel was already dressed, sitting on his bed, papers spread out in front of him. He didn’t even looked up as his butler entered. Sebastian took a moment to test the waters. Ciel did not seem as angry as the night before. He didn’t even seem tense. He just looked like he was concentrating on whatever paperwork was in front of him. “Master, if we are going to reach the factory we will need to leave soon.”

Nodding once, Ciel picked up a particular paper and held it out. “Look at this Sebastian. Tell me what you see?” He didn’t look up, he just picked up another paper and kept reading.

Sebastian looked the document over and quickly replied. “The quota is off by one hundred. Each weapon is listed the same.” It was a finance report. They were spending more making the guns than they were getting back.

“And this?” Ciel held up another paper.

Looking it over quickly he nodded. This one was a bank statement. It was obvious where the money for the missing guns was going. “He is pocketing the difference. I suppose your suspicions were correct.”

“Well then. Lets get all of this together and visit Mr. Ackerman.” Stacking the papers together, Ciel stood and handed them over to his butler. He didn’t look at him, he just grabbed his coat, heading for the elevator.

Sebastian quickly gathered the paperwork and the briefcase for them and met his master by the elevator. Ciel didn’t speak to him, he was looking at his distorted reflection in the metal doors. He seemed calm enough, but if last night’s incident was an indicator, he could blow at any given moment. Choosing not to push things, Sebastian stayed silent. If he was to bring out the young man from last night he would have to choose his words carefully. “I have a car waiting for us.” The doors opened as Ciel grunted in the affirmative.

The car ride was quiet. Ciel looked at everything but the man sitting next to him, while Sebastian made it his business to familiarize himself with the documents his Master had already looked over. They were right to worry. There were more than fifty different guns and weapons manufactured at this particular factory and in the last year every month more than one hundred of each weapon was manufactured and then magically they disappeared and in the same amount of time the amount of money for each was in the manager’s bank account. They should have caught this sooner. If they had caught on sooner things would have been nipped in the bud and they wouldn’t have to worry about this greedy bystander lining his pockets with what should be his Master’s. “We should be there soon Master.”

“Yes. Thank you.” Ciel was calm. His eyes were still distance and it was apparent that while he didn’t want