Liam quickly jumped back away from him and the sound of Louis’ annoyed voice filled the room.



********


It had been three whole weeks. Zayn and Liam had not talked about it since. In fact, things seemed to have gone back to normal with the duo. And why, might you ask, had Zayn not confronted Liam about the almost kiss? Well, for starters, Zayn was too chicken shit to ask. No, that wasn’t true in all sense of the words. He just didn’t know exactly what had happened and he didn’t want to fuck up anything else.

Management had been keeping an eye on him since his little stunt back at the signing. It was frowned upon, apparently, to scare a fan away and then drag another band mate god knows where to do god knows what. But the thing was, that nothing happened; nothing, all because of Louis. He seriously had bad timing. If it weren’t for him, Zayn would probably be safely tucked in Liam’s arms, kissing away those worried expressions he had when things were going exactly according to plan in the studio.

And of course Louis had tried to talk to Zayn about it. He couldn’t leave it alone. But Zayn couldn’t talk about it because he didn’t even know what it was. So, Zayn, being Zayn, let out his frustrations in his usual way: cigarettes, Pierre, and a little bit too much alcohol. And it seemed to be drowning out the constant babbling in his head, almost.

Louis and Niall had managed to drag out all the boys to a bar on one of their nights off, yes, even Liam was there. Not that he was drinking, but it didn’t matter, they always had a good time alcohol or not. But Zayn couldn’t get through his night without it. Not when he was watching the most atrocious sight unfold before his eyes in his nineteen years of existence.

His hand had a death grip on his glass of whatever drink Louis had ordered for him a few moments before he noticed Liam wasn’t anywhere he could see. Now he could see him quite perfectly though, so perfectly that he could see him pressed up tightly against a – what was the equivalent of a slut in male terms? Well whatever it was, that was what Liam was pressed up against, dancing. Actually, Zayn didn’t know Liam could dance, at least like that. Of course he had been giving Zayn dance lessons, but he didn’t know that Liam could be so – so provocative- when he was dancing. It would have been sexy if he wasn’t rutting against some stranger. So much sexier if that person was Zayn.

Zayn had to shift at that thought, his pants become unbelievably tight. Niall, who had been staring at him, gave him an awkward cough. “Louis told me what he walked in on. Why haven’t you went over and shoved that guy off him?”

Niall said this as-matter-of-factly, like it had been the most obvious answer in the world to fix Zayn’s problems. But Zayn wasn’t so sure. He wasn’t even sure if Liam even liked him that way. At this point, he had probably imagined everything between him and Liam. He probably had imagined the look in those chocolate eyes when he was leaning forward; likewise, probably imagined disappoint in them when he jumped back.

His eyes looked back over at Liam and said he-slut. Clearly, he was desperate for Liam’s touch, he was pressing into him when Liam would move away from him slightly to do a certain dance move. Rage swelled up in Zayn’s chest. Liam might not be his boyfriend, but he felt a certain protection over him. Some would call it possessiveness, but hey, who’s keeping track? Except that everyone else in the band was.

Just as the boy leaned in and traced a fingertip over those lips, Zayn’s mind yelled mineminemine. What was probably the worst feeling in the world was that Liam hadn’t brushed him away, no, in fact he had let them linger there, his lips curling up into a smirk. Mineminemine. This was probably not healthy, but Zayn couldn’t seem to tame that monster that lived inside of him when it came to Liam.

Downing the contents of his drink, he slammed the glass down, causing all three of the boys who were sitting with him to jump. “I’ll be back.” He muttered, and scooted out of the booth in the direction of the he-slut and his perfect angel whom he only wanted himself to be that close to.

“Don’t do anything stupid” Niall called out, his words lost in the loud music surrounding them. Zayn had about enough of the scene unraveling in front of his eyes. That he-slut didn’t deserve someone like Liam, hedeserved Liam.

Zayn shoved people aside, too busy keeping an eye on the couple before him to