from Domino, alarms blared as an escaped convict made his way outside the gates of the prison. Tattooed on his arms were three sevens that symbolized good luck and he grinned as he ran off towards the city of Domino to hide away from the searching police.

0

Yugi and his friends made it through another day of school and it was officially the weekend. Jou suggested that they all head over to the new burger restaurant that opened up. "Did you guys hear about that convict that escaped last night? It was rumored that he was hiding somewhere in the city." Jou said.

"Really? Oh I do hope he isn't around here. The last thing we need is some convict to endanger people's lives." Yugi murmured as they made it to the restaurant and was greeted by a waitress before being led to their seats.

/Don't worry, Yugi-dono, we'll protect you if that criminal does come this way./ Aqua said. Like predicted, the morning after, they were transformed back into spirits. They were saddened to know this but believed there will be other times when they will have a true form again. Yugi smiled and nodded before the waitress came back to take their orders. They placed them in and started to talk about something else, unaware of the danger coming their way.

0

Outside, the convict smirked, seeing this as the best place to hide and possibly get a free meal. "My lucky stars haven't failed me yet." he whispered as he walked inside, taking out a hidden gun that he snagged off a random cop during his escape. He posed to look like a normal customer and went to take a seat.

He looked around for a hostage that he could use that wouldn't struggle much and saw Yugi sitting with his friends.

'Perfect.' he thought and waited for the younger boy to get up so he wouldn't attract any attention to himself. At least not yet.

0

Anzu was finally free from the torture she had to endure, not getting a wink of sleep because of the dripping blood keeping her awake every second of every minute of every hour. She was also left weak to stand from the work of the shadows torturing her body and soul. She felt so lethargic she thought she would collapse before reaching the door.

But she did so, planning to get her revenge on Yugi for what he did. She thought long and hard and came to a conclusion that it was probably Yugi's ideas to have the demons send out something to come and torture her since she did the same to him.

'And somehow, someway, I'm going to make him pay for all this. Whether to get him sent somewhere far away or captured so scientists can experiment on him, as long as he's far away from me.' she thought as she continued to walk, Dae Raca following behind her. "Now all I need to do is find the brat and I can take that puzzle and throw it into an ocean somewhere…" she grumbled.

'Only if you knew they would never allow that. They'll probably burn you alive before you could even touch the puzzle.' Dae Raca thought before he summoned some shadows that slithered out and grab her legs before dragging her into a random alley, covering her mouth to prevent her from screaming.

/This will be fun./ he said as he ran into the alley as well and made an illusion to make it look like there was a wall in the open entrance.

0

When their meals came, they started to eat, chattering about some random everyday things that came to mind. Yugi placed down his burger and told them that he had to go to the lavatory and will be back. They nodded as he got up and walked off. The convict smirked, seeing as this was his chance and got ready. When Yugi walked back out, he took out his gun, grabbing him and catching the attention of everyone in the restaurant. "Alright! No one move or the boy gets it!" he called and they all raised their hands in submission.

"Now, get on the floor and someone get me some liquor and cigarettes." he demanded as he sat back down, using a short moment to tie a blindfold over Yugi's eyes before holding the gun back up. A waitress did as he asked, bringing back some strong liquor and a pack of Lucky 7 cigarettes. "Thanks." he said as he took a cigarette from the pack, unaware of the growing shadows beneath him.

"You will pay for this convict." A voice hissed as Yami and Aqua materialized once more, now in full body and Aqua began to find understanding of the moments when they had a true form. 'And that's when Yugi's in life threatening danger…the puzzle must be granting us with a solid form until he's safe.' he thought before Yami walked over to the table and he followed behind him. The convict looked to them and snarled. "Hey, I didn't say for anyone to get up." he barked, glaring at them