, taking Liam in further. Lips darkening from the stretch. Already raw.

“Want you to take me in as deep as you can,” Liam orders breathless.

Zayn obeys, loosening his throat and pushing down until his nose is buried in Liam’s pubes. Liam makes a loud, pleased sound. It ignites a warm feeling along Zayn’s skin. He shivers breathing in Liam’s musk, unable to help himself, then pulls off coughing.

Eyes watery, lips covered with saliva and a string of it still connected to Liam’s dick. Liam pushes back Zayn’s sweaty hair, “I know this should probably be disgusting but you look so hot right now.” He strokes Zayn’s cheek, “you should be doing this every day.” He says in awe.

“You wish,” Zayn teases. He's stroking him again, slow, dragging it out, just enough to keep him on edge. “But y’know, I wouldn’t complain. Not only do I love the taste of you, but your fucking scent drives me crazy." Zayn speaks casually. Liam is nodding his head, encouraging him to carry on.

"Not to mention the way your thigh spasms every time I get personal with your sensitive areas.” He coos, fingers reaching down to tug at Liam’s balls. A sneaky finger rubbing against the area between his balls and hole, always teasing. 

Zayn’s eyes come to meet Liam, just as he's about to take one of his balls into his mouth, sucking at it, until Liam’s head is falling back, mouth open. Massaging the other between his fingers, Zayn asks, “you like this, right Liam? Wanna fuck my mouth?”  

Liam takes in Zayn’s raw lips and the hungry look in his eyes, he’s so tempted. So fucking tempted he could die but, "as much as I’d love to fuck your breath away, I want to come in you.” Liam grunts, patting Zayn’s ass as he moves.

Liam flips them around, so now Zayn is lying on the carpet. He pushes Zayn’s legs up by his knees, spreading his ass and watching his hole pucker, all exposed. He leans down for a lick, never able to help himself.

Zayn mewls at first contact, back arching, ass pushing back. “Sometimes I think you like this more than I do, kitten,” Liam laughs.

Burying his face back into Zayn’s ass, tongue circling his rim, leaving heavy traces of saliva. The same saliva he uses to open Zayn up, tongue digging as deep as he can. Liam pulls back, spitting at his hole, it flutters at the new found wetness. He circles his spit around the rim, tip of his finger pushing in, moving around and teasing. “C’mon Li, stop playing.” Zayn begs.

Snickering to himself, Liam pushes in his finger half way. Zayn hisses at the slight burn, “teaches you to boss me around.”  

Liam pulls out his finger again, bringing it up to Zayn, "suck." He demands.

Zayn takes it in willingly, hands holding Liam’s wrist in place, making a show of it. His tongue circles his finger, cheeks hollowed, bobbing up and down, giving Liam a show.

“Enough,” comes a growl.

This time, Liam pushes in gentle, taking his time to move in and out. Edging up Zayn’s body, Liam reaches his mouth and teases at his bottom lip, “I can’t wait to feel your tightness around my cock.”

Zayn pulls him down, teeth clashing, tongues twisted. “Can’t wait to have you fill me up, so good, Liam. You’re so good to me.” he says sincere. Forehead to forehead. Liam pushes in a second finger in response. 

“You think you’re good now?”

“Yeah, Li, fuck, get in me, please.”

“Hands and knees, princess.” Liam asks.

Zayn’s never moved so fast, face smushed against the rough, texture of his rug. His arse wiggling in the air, anxious.

“Uh, Zayn, babe, I don’t have any condoms on me?” Liam utters.

“Fuck, Li, I don’t care, fill me up with your come. Own me." Zayn pleads, voice on the verge of distress. “Knock me up.”

“Gosh, Zayn,” Liam groans. “One more word out of you and I won’t need your ass to come.”  

Spitting into his hand, Liam spreads the wetness over his cock, finger pushing in, making sure Zayn won’t be in too much pain before replacing it with his cock. Liam teases the tip of his cock first, testing, teasing. “You ready? You want more, baby?”

“Please Li, oh God.” Liam pushes in halfway. Zayn’s shoulders dropping.

He takes this time to lean forward, over Zayn, hands moving to