.

They strolled a few doors down the street before Belle directed them into the next shop. It was The Glass Slipper run by Ashley Boyd and Sean Herman. Gold was none too fond of either of them.

"Hi Belle! Mr. Gold." Ashley greeted them as soon as they entered. "Are you having fun tonight?"

"Yes! We're having a great time!" She looked up to catch Gold's eye. "I'm trying to buy a couple of things for the Christmas Eve party. Is there a chance that you have a pair of red heels in my size?"

"I think we have a few pairs left in the back. I'll have Sean bring them out."

She left the area and Gold turned to Belle. He put his arm around her waist. He almost didn't recognize himself. "You're going all out for this party, aren't you?"

"I don't know what it is, Rum. I feel so happy lately… especially when we do things together." She looked deeply into his eyes.

His heart almost stopped. His feelings for her were beginning to overwhelm him.

"Here we go." Sean approached them with several boxes in hand. "Take a seat, Belle. Let's see if any of these fit."

Belle sat down and Sean proceeded to remove her shoes. He took her right foot in his hand and slipped a shoe on it.

"I'll help her with that!" Once again, Gold didn't recognize his own voice. He just knew that he didn't want Herman's hands on Belle.

Sean looked questioningly at Belle who nodded her head at him. Gold switched places with him and took her left foot in his hand. He slipped the other shoe on. His hand lingered on her ankle and he could have sworn that she moaned softly. Once again his body responded.

Belle got up and walked around in the heels. Gold's eyes were glued to her extremely shapely legs.

"Can you help me with another pair? These are a little loose."

Gold had to tear his eyes away from her legs. He was mortified by his behavior. "Of course, sweetheart."

She sat down and allowed him to remove her shoes. His hands caressed her foot and ankle and calf while helping her with the next pair. He heard her moan again. This time he had no doubts about it. He allowed his hands to linger on her.

When he looked up at her she smiled and nibbled on her lower lip. His body responded more than appropriate. He was glad he was sitting.

Belle got up again and modeled the shoes. His eyes were riveted to her. Why was he suddenly thinking about how sexy she looked? He never thought about her that way.

"Do you like how these look on me?"

It took him a minute to realize that she was talking to him. "Yes, they're very flattering on you." That was putting it mildly.

"I'm going to buy them. They're very comfortable."

"Let me buy them, Belle. You promised." As far as he was concerned, these shoes were more a gift for him than for her.

She began to object, but thought better of it. "OK, but I'm going to buy a little something for you."

She led him up to the counter and plucked a pair of fuzzy red socks from a display. "I thought you could wear these on Saturday night."

He could see that she was trying not to giggle. "They're not really my style."

"Please…" She pouted and bit her lip.

He gave in. He put his arms around her waist from behind and kissed the top of her head. "OK, you win." His heart began to race. He had just initiated a kiss with her. He'd never done that before. He really didn't know what was happening.

"Thanks, Rum." She reached up and stroked his cheek. He wanted to grab her hand and kiss her wrist, but he restrained himself.

"You're going to owe me, darling." Now he was flirting with her. He really didn't know what had come over him.

"I'll be happy to pay you any way you want." The look she gave him could not be mistaken.

He felt panicky and excited at the same time.

To his relief, Ashley interrupted them. Belle exchanged a few pleasantries with her while they checked out. Gold was happy when they were back out on the sidewalk.

He immediately put his arm around Belle and she snuggled close to him. He'd never felt this sure of himself with her.

They walked all the way down the street and then crossed over. Gold tried to ignore where they seemed to be heading.

"I need to buy a slip to wear under my dress. I think this is the only place where I have a chance of finding one that will be short enough."

Gold groaned internally