the phone. He hadn't reckoned on this.

"I'm coming to get you," he said and hung up. Only Harry Edward Styles could sound so calm yet terrifying at the same time.

Holy crap. zayn pulled his denims up. His heart wanted to hammer its way out of his ribcage. Coming to get him? Oh, no. He's gonna be sick. No. No. He's fine. Hang on. Harry was just messing with his head. Zayn didn't tell himwhere the older lad was. He couldn't find him. Besides, Harry's working on for a film and that meant late nights at the studio. He washed his hand and checked his reflection. He looked flushed and heavily drowsy.

He waited at the bar for what felt like eternity for the beer cans and as he turned on heels to return to the table, ta da! There he was- Harry Fucking Styles wearing a fedora hat, prince collar shirt, black denims and ocher boots.

Harry grabbed Zayn's wrist and pulled him out of the back door and pushed him into the vacant garage which had the shutters down and locked the back door.

"Harry, what the-"

“Shut up,” Harry got closer to Harry and pressed his body into him. It was the middle of the night and Zayn's head was spinning and he was whimpering when Harry separated his legs and nudged his knee between them.

“I’m sorry I didn’t know you…I...” Zayn tried again but his voice was cut off by the sound of zipper and fumbling of pants. Harry pulled Zayn's trousers to his ankles along with his boxers. As the cold air hit Zayn's small pink cock, he shivered. He didn't want this. And he didn't want his first time to be like this. Harry gripped Zayn's balls tightly and squeezed them until Zayn winced in pain.

"Harry, I'm-I-I am massively sorry about the phone call-"

"I know you are sorry, or atleast you will be."

Harry pushed him to the floor shortly after ripping off the omega's T-shirt and slapped Zayn's plump yet soft bum once.

"Nice arse, baby," Harry smirked spread Zayn’s cheeks with his thumbs , exposing his hole to the cold night. Zayn was panting, not even mildy wanting this. Both his hands were clawing the concrete as he shivered as Harry brushed his finger over his hole.

"Get wet for me, baby. C'mon I know you can, Zayn. Do it. Be a good lil' slut for me."

"Na-No-"

"I said, get wet." There it was again, that alpha voice. Zayn felt wetness gather around his eyes as he felt his body betraying him and slimy slick ran down his thigh within the next blink of an eye. He dropped his head and cried. He didn't want this. As Harry placed the tip of his cock head on Zayn's rim, Zayn forgot how to breathe. He shook his furiously.

"Harry, please. I don't want this. Please-"

His own sentence was cut off as Harry thrust himself balls deep into Zayn. Even though he was slick, Harry entered him before he was properly stretched. Zayn wanted to scream but his voice was weak. Zayn closed his eyes, trying to adjust the burning stretch, avoiding the tears that were now pouring down as a waterfall. Harry placed his hand on his hips and rocked back. He was slow. He knew going slow would make Zayn feel all twelve inches of him. He knew it would increase the pain. And Zayn cried on and on. Not just because it hurt but because he was frustrated. Zayn let out a shaky whimper.

Almost instantly after hearing Zayn's whimper, Harry quickened his thrusts after flipping Zayn onto his back making Zayn look all more vulnerable and lovely under him. Zayn's cheeks are puffy from crying and his lips have turned into a dark shade of terracotta from constant biting since the past hour.

"Oh!" Zayn banged his head against the concrete floor, clawing the minute gravel on the floor, bracing himself against Harry's thrust. "Harry, please, please, please stop!"

Harry groaned and forced Zayn to open his eyes once more. "H-Harry, I'm sorry," Zayn stammered through his whimpered.

Harry slammed his fist onto the concrete floor not caring if he was drawing blood. His other hand was wrapped around Zayn's thigh, holding it close to his side. Zayn's vision went white as Harry jabbed his prostate and though he felt like he was no longer anywhere near Harry, the sound of skin slapping against skin jarred him back to reality.

Zayn's cries sounded like pain, but now they had turned into pain that was enjoying, the pain that he needed. At best, he sounded frightened of his pleasure. Harry doesn't even stop when Zayn still tried to push him away