bottom lip.

“Yeah yeah!” Louis moans, lashes fluttering. He places his hands flat on Liam’s chest, helping to steady himself as his orgasm builds and builds.

Liam opens his eyes as he watches Louis; he rotates his hips to meet the boy over him as best as he can. His thrusts falter a bit as he feels his own orgasm building up. Loosening his grip on Louis’ hips, he lets the boy do as he wants as he continues to buck his hips upward.

The older man keeps up with the thrusts, but they’re faltering, telling that he’s so close. After a few more thrusts his body’s squeezing tighter and tighter around Liam’s cock, a sign of his impeding orgasm.

“So tight!” Liam breathes, groaning as he feels himself lose control. White explodes across his vision as he cums deep inside Louis. His thrust slows as he milks himself from the clinching of Louis around him.

Feeling warmth splash his insides sends Louis over the edge. His cum paints up Liam’s chest, striping his skin. The older brunet moans, still rocking his hips to milk his lover, leaning over to kiss the other.

Liam can barely put any effort into the kiss, just brushing his lips against Louis as he comes down from his high. Once he’s able to think a bit clearly, after he’s spent everything inside Louis, he responds to the kiss.

Chuckling, the secretary’s arms shake a bit as muscles quiver. He breaks the kiss and rolls to the side, squirming to settle his head on Liam's shoulder.

Liam obliges him, tucking his arm underneath Louis head and wrapping around his shoulders. He waits until he knows both of them are able to have a complete conversation to bring it what he knows needs to be addressed up. “So, you love me?” it’s not accusing, but more of a causal question.

Louis freezes from his head to his toes. Staring wide-eyed at his lover, he’s unsure what to say. His heart picks up to a gallop. “I” he tries, but croaks. Tears fill his eyes, but he doesn’t let them fall.

Watching him, he shakes his head. “It’s okay, I understand. People say things when they’re in the moment.” He gives Louis a small smile before closing his eyes and pressing a kiss to his forehead. Louis’ reaction is sort of a relief but on the other hand he kind of wishes it were true. It just seems too soon for Liam. He’s only been with Louis for a week or so.

Closing his eyes, but not relaxing much, the older brunet knows he’s fucked up with Liam. His insides grow cold.

He can feel it growing awkward and Liam doesn’t do awkward very well. He stays silent for a while, wondering if Louis’ going to say anything on the matter. When he decides that the older male is not, he lifts up to see the mess. “Err, I’ll be back.” He pulls away as he makes his way to the bathroom, closing the door behind him.

The lone brunet wipes at his eyes, wondering if he should just cut and run now. Biting his lip hard enough to break through the fragile skin, Louis decides to stay and tell Liam the truth. “Please, let this work out” he breathes. He knows that he has never wanted anything more than this, and can’t afford to lose this; the love of his life.

Liam makes quick work of cleaning Louis’ cum off of him. He moves to dry his chest off and throws it in the dirty pile of clothes already forming. He opens the door and makes his way to pull on a clean pair of pants. “Hungry? I think I have chips and dip.” He says, moving out of the bedroom, where it seems to have grown even more awkward. He sighs as he pads to the kitchen. Maybe he was right, maybe this whole thing was a bad idea.

Louis quickly cleans up and borrows a long shirt belonging to Liam, quickly following along. The shirt hangs off one shoulder, but the smell of it grounds something in Louis’s chest. He waits till his lover’s at the cabinets before blurting out “I’ve loved you since I interviewed.” Slapping a hand over his mouth and turning eight shades of embarrassed red afterwards. He can’t help but to hold his breath as he waits for the other’s response.

He almost spills all the contents of the cabinet out when Liam hears Louis’ words. “Wh-“ he begins, but stops himself as he pulls back away from the counter and blinks across the distance at Louis. “What did you say?” he wants to clarify what he just heard.

Shifting from one foot to the other, tugging on the shirt here and there, Louis moves his hand just a bit and repeats himself. “I...I’ve been in love