colours before anybody else have. Adrian Andrews was not always tough, she was not always aloof, and in fact, there were times where she would cry over the tiniest of things. But Franziska accepted her. She was her pillar of strength when she felt the weakest, when she felt her whole world was to collapse into shambles. Franziska was her ray of hope in her darkest hours, the hours in which she had hoped for the worst.

The ability to hold her, have her shackled within her embrace was exhilarating. Adrian did not ever want this moment to end; she did not want to leave Franziska for even one moment. But she knew better than anyone else that all good things will come to an end at one point—whether she liked it or not. Her embrace around the prosecutor’s waist would only tighten at the thought.

Never. She was her’s and only her’s—was this a dream that was too good to be true? If it was, she would hope to never wake up from the sweet serenity, the everlasting bliss. Every kiss, every embrace, and every touch was capable of sending butterflies up her stomach. An adrenaline rush, the hyperawareness of each other’s presence was something she had enjoyed and could never grow accustomed to—not that she wanted to. It was a thrill that she wanted to feel over and over again, she was insatiable and Franziska was irresistible.

She wanted to let the other know that she was beautiful, the fairest maiden on the face of the earth and that she was perfection. Tender lips would kiss the bullet scar upon the prosecutor’s shoulder ever so gingerly, as if she was afraid to break her—as if she would fade away if she was handled too roughly. The scar upon her shoulder represented the battles they both had to fight on their own—yet, she could only caress it with her finger tips as gentle as she could.

But she was out of her reach.

Separated by the oceans of the planet, the landmasses of the countries—Adrian had found herself alone, and isolated. It was no lie that Adrian Andrews loved Franziska von Karma. For years had she found herself stuck in a spot of wishful thinking, the thought that maybe one day, the prosecutor would feel the same for her.

The touch of Franziska von Karma still lingered around her waist. Her leather gloved hand wrapped around her waist, pleading out to her as she would bury her face in the crook of the blonde’s neck. She still remembered the feelings of ecstasy, the feeling of triumph when she had listened to the voice of her beloved proclaim her love to her. Her heart would skip a beat at the recalling of the events.

“Ah, Franziska…” her voice croaked ever so softly. She missed her, she missed her paramour—the woman of her dreams more than anything else. What pained her even more was the very fact that she could not call the other upon her own initiation. Perhaps that was the cost of loving a prosecutor working alongside with the Interpol.

A sob, she had choked on a sob at the very thought. The blonde had her hair splattered across the pillow of the room she had shared with Franziska. The very fragrance of her significant other still lingered amongst the bed sheets. Fresh, simple, and pleasant—that was what she would describe Franziska von Karma. The younger woman was utterly perfect for her. Not because of her constant strive for perfection but rather because of inexplicable reasons.

The blonde pulled one of Franziska’s pillows close to her. Her eyes closed and suddenly it felt like she was sleeping with Franziska in her arms. Her clutch became tighter. She feared that if she had let go, Franziska would be gone the next morning. A couple of tears slid out of her eyes. This was just a figment of her imagination—Franziska was not here; she was half way around the world at this point, solving crime and conducting investigations.

“…Adrian.”

She could hear her name roll off with a faint German accent—it sounded like Franziska. Ah, how she enjoyed listening to the other’s voice and how she had wished that Franziska was right beside her. A soft smile, filled with bliss had plastered her lips. She was happy, so very happy to even hear the voice of the other—even if it was only a figment of her imagination.

“Franziska…I miss you, come back.”

Then she felt a sudden placement of weight atop of her hands. The leathery smoothness, the way the fingers had ministered their way across her skin—her eyes opened. Faintly, she could see the light blue pigment of the prosecutor’s hair. Perhaps she was hallucinating but then it felt too real to be a hallucination.

“Franziska…is that you?” Those words barely left her lips as she blinked a couple of times to clear her vision. Then when she could finally clearly witness the visage bestowed upon her, almost instantly, she sprang upright and pulled the other into her arms.

“Franziska! Oh my goodness, it