Everything is fucked up. It's so, sososo fucked up.
Sasuke doesn't know how he's supposed to function, to breathe anymore. Every single one of his movements is stiff, robotic, automatic. Everything is numb, and yet, and yet, there's this dull ache of emptiness and grief and sorrow that just dwells right in the center of his chest. It never goes away, a constant companion.  His only one now, it seems.
All his past aquaintances has slowly but surely peeled away, leaving him bare, raw, a mere husk of a person. Because his only light in this deep, dark, terrible world has been ripped uncerimoniously away by his own, bloodstained hands. He brings those very hands to his face now and stares uncomprehendingly at them. Why,why why why why would he do such a thing? Take away his one thing, the one thing keeping him sane. He was (is) in love with that stupid blonde bastard, that usuratonkachi,  and now hes gonegonegone and its all his fucking fault.
He can still remember the way his chest felt around his hand. He remembers that stark disbelief, giving way to betrayal. All those emotions flitting over his face at top speeds and all Sasuke could do was just look at him and just keep opening and closing his mouth because he didn't even know how everything got so fucked up and he just wants his sunshine back because the world is sososo dark and Sasuke is blind, fumbling around in the dark. Every time he closes his eyes he sees redredred and pain and loss and... all he ever really wanted was Naruto, and he knows this now. Power, Itachi, it all dulls in comparison.
That stupid little blond boy who was only ever trying to be his friend, spending all his time and effort and care on him, the only one who ever did so much for one Uchiha Sasuke. And he took it, all of it, for granted. Now, he's all alone. There is no one in this entire earthly world that cares for him any longer. He deserves it, he knows this. He deserves every single piece of shit that gets thrown at him, because he is the one responsible for his own misery, his own suffering. All he really wants to do is throw himself in the nearest volcano but he wont let himself go in peace because he deserves to stay here and suffer. He doesn't deserve to be happy.
It doesn't stop him from wishing that someone will come and end his suffering because he just wants to go. He's so tired all the time and it isn't just like an I-didn't-get-enough-sleep kind of tired, it's a bone-deep weariness that exists in the marrow of his being. But when he gets into bed and tries to sleep, he's haunted by a bright smile and cerulean blue eyes that he extinguished. And you want to know the most fucked up part? That stupid, self-sacrificing dobe forgave him.
He looked at him, with that perpetual idiotic smile on his face, blood dribbling steadily out of his mouth, and whispered, " It's okay. I forgive you." His last fucking words, wasted on trying to lessen the darkness stained on his best friend's soul. Sasuke ran after that. He ran, farfarfar away, desperately trying to outrun the terrible thing he had done. He ran, and never looked back.
And now,a year later, Sasuke was back in the same exact spot that he killed the love of his life, and where he should've died instead. Back to set things right. "Well dobe," he smiled, his first actual smile in 12 months. A smile that spoke of many things, but most of all, relief. "I'll see you soon."

-

my days were filled
with wanting you,
bruised knees and blood
that clotted on my bedsheets

how do i explain the door to my heart
only swings into hell. that i keep everything
under eighteen layers of locks
that the personality i have is water,
fills any container you want

of course you ran from me,
i am a mistake in the making,
love you eternal but
will drown you the same:
every fire you make
i find ways to douse

of course you ran from me.
nobody can make a home
in a slaughterhouse.
“She pushes him away because she doesn’t want to ruin him.” // r.i.d

(i fucking love this poet)