if anything you'll be just as down in the mud as he will be." Crowley handed Dean the shackles, "Now if you'd do the honours of chaining your angel we could get moving with this."

Castiel looked at Dean curiously, head tilted in a way that only accented the confused expression. Would Dean really tie him down? Would he let this happen? "No." Dean shook his head, "I'm not doing this. We won't take your stupid training if it means I have to do this to Cas."

Though a wave or relief washed over Castiel he was shocked to find himself suddenly on his knees. "Kinda figured," Crowley shrugged, "Worth a shot."

"Cas?" Dean darted to his angel's side, "Cas, are you okay?"

Castiel squirmed under an invisible pressure, glancing up at Dean with an enraged look, "It's the collar we have to wear," he explained in a strained voice, "It was created so humans could control us but they'd never make something that couldn't be over-ridden. This place must have some kind of control system."

"Smart and pretty, I like that." Crowley smirked, "Yes, it's an override system, designed to force cooperation and all that. This training isn't an option, boys."

Dean scowled at him but didn't move from Castiel's side, "Let him go, now."

Crowley looked them up and down and sighed heavily, "Alright, alright, but you're going to need this training."

In moments Castiel was free to stand again, his body relaxing immediately as he gave his head a shake. His first instinct was to lash out, but his mind retreated back to his first fight, when Jophiel hit him that first time. They hadn't been connected then and he was nearly done in one hit, just one. Anything could happen within this tournament and he knew for a fact that luck was never on his side; Dean seemed to have less than that, even. 'I need to do this.' His expression hardened as he straightened up, focusing on Crowley, "I'll do it."

"What!" Dean looked into his angel's face and found no hesitation there. "Cas… What are you thinking? He's talking about hurting you repeatedly to up your endurance or whatever. You can't!"

"I have to," Castiel snapped his head in Dean's direction, his tone harsh as he raised his voice. "Dean you were right, we need a stronger position than where we are now. We'll never get there if I can't handle myself." He looked back at Crowley and nodded, "I'll stay in place, let's do this."

Crowley smiled, "Well alright then, let's get a move on."

Dean shook his head, "No, Cas and I aren't taking part in this."

"You'll have your own training to handle, Dean." Crowley motioned for several individuals to take Dean to a separate area. "Have fun."

"What! Hey!" Dean struggled but was no match for the fairly buff men that carried him off. "CAS!" He shouted over his shoulder, swinging his legs and squirming with as much strength as he had, "CAAAAASSS!"

He landed with an overdramatic 'ooph' when the men threw him to the floor of a relatively large building, nicely tiled and clean. Dean stood up immediately and spun back toward the door to exit though his arms were caught again, tossed back to the tiles. "Let me go!"

"You won't be gettin' out that way, friend." A somewhat familiar voice called out to him.

Dean turned again to see Ash sitting with his feet propped up on a surprisingly polished table. "Ash? What're you doing here?"

"Big shocker, I know." Ash pulled himself up and shrugged a little, "I work for the guy."

"Crowley?"

"Yep," Ash nodded and looked half-lidded at a door down the long hallway to his right, "And we've got some work to do if you're going to be champ." He waved Dean to follow him as he strolled toward the door.

Dean's confusion was evident as he went after Ash, "What? I don't get what you mean."

"Crowley pays me big bucks to have me work for him, that and all the beer I could want." Ash smiled, "My job is to train the human portion of the teams, and you're on Crowley's list of people to train."

"But why?"

"Not sure, probably because he's bored with the current set up. Current champions are kind of stuck up."

Dean shrugged, couldn't argue much with Ash on that one. As much as he liked the Bella Michael team he knew from different interviews that they had serious attitude problems. "Okay, so how