would romantically throw down in no holds barred first blood matches. The Bennet sisters went to the village to procure new bonnets and kunai for this event.

At the assembly, Naruto arrived with only two others, whom he introduced as his cousin, Karin Bingley, and his teacher, Kakashi Darcy-sensei.

Naruto was good-looking and… energetic. His cousin was a fine woman, who stared at everyone all night through a brown set of quizzing glasses. As for the last man, he immediately drew attention for his tall, fit figure, mysterious mask, noble mien, and the report, which was in general circulation about five minutes after his entrance, of his having a thousand jutsu. The shinobi declared him a fine figure of a man, and the kunoichi all considered him much more handsome than Bingley-san, until his manners gave a disgust which turned the tide of his popularity, for he was found to be a proud, aloof man, and also a complete pervert.

Naruto fought every young lady present at least once, was angry that the assembly closed so early, and talked of giving a tournament at Netherfield as soon as possible. In contrast, Kakashi-sensei fought only once, with his friend’s cousin, and declined to be introduced to any other lady; and he spent every moment, fighting or not, with his nose in an Unmentionable Periodical.

Sakura Bennet was obliged, by a scarcity of gentlemen, to sit out two fights, and during part of that time, she was seated close enough to Naruto (who was taking a water break from fighting with her sister Hinata) and Kakashi to overhear part of their conversation.

“Hey hey hey! Kakashi-sensei! I must have you fight dattebayo!”

“I certainly shall not. You know how I detest meaningless fighting, unless I am particularly acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this, it would be insupportable. Your cousin is already engaged, and there is not another woman in the room whom it would not be a punishment to me to challenge.”

“I never met so many good-looking girls in my life, sensei! And some of them are uncommonly pretty -ttebayo!”

“You are fighting with the only handsome girl in the room,” said Kakashi, momentarily pleasing Sakura on Hinata’s behalf, until he followed up this chaste compliment with the decidedly less-so “What a chest.”

“But look, there’s one of her sisters, sensei! She’s very pretty too. I daresay, very strong! Why don’t we have my partner introduce you?”

“Which do you mean?” Kakashi said, until, turning round, he caught Sakura’s eye, at which point  he withdrew his own and said coldly, “She is tolerable, I suppose, but not strong enough to tempt me. I am in no humour at present to give consequence to kunoichi who are slighted by other shinobi. Return to your partner and enjoy her dojutsu; you are wasting your time with me.”

They both went off, leaving Sakura outwardly silent, and inwardly shouting “SHANNARO! TOLERABLE? YOU’RE LUCKY YOU DIDN’T CHALLENGE ME! I COULD PUT YOUR DUMB MASKED FACE THROUGH THE WALL!” She told the story however with great spirit among her friends; for she had a lively, playful disposition, which delighted in any thing ridiculous.

———

“Kakashi-sensei, I can’t understand why you go through life determined to be displeased with everything and everyone in it dattebayo!”

Kakashi showed no reaction, but merely turned another page in Icha Icha Scandalously Visible Ankles.

Karin, sitting at the breakfast table eating kippers, whatever those are, pushed her glasses up by the frame because she’s not some Kabuto savage who puts dirty fingerprints on her lenses. “I sense the Bennet sisters are arriving.”

Sure enough, the ladies appeared at the window, popping it open from the outside and tumbling through.

“What quaint country manners! In the city, we generally use the door,” tittered Karin. “Oh my! Sakura-san, you’re filthy! Six inches deep in mud, I’m absolutely certain.”

“Rogue nin attack,” Sakura said curtly. “We had to take him out. I’m a close-range fighter, so I had to get a bit dirty.”

“We heard you might hold a tournament, Bingley-san,” said Ino excitedly, “and it would be a great shame to disappoint everyone by not throwing one.”

“Oh yes! There’s nothing that I love better than a tournament! And you can name the day if you like!”

Ino squealed, Sakura pumped her fist, and Hinata smiled shyly.

As the kunoichi sailed out the window and darted across the pond, Kakashi reflected upon how Sakura’s fine eyes were brightened by the exercise, and the contrast to the blood and dirt.

———

On their way home, Hinata held up a hand to halt them in the tree tops. “Three men coming from the northwest, and fast.”

They took up battle formations, but the men did not attack