it in different directions. He smoothed it out before speaking.

"Tell me what you sensed, dear child." He said, rested his hands on the Bible in front of him and laced his fingers together. His crisp black suit and his clerical collar pristine even though he must have been here and dressed since yesterday.

"Have I ever told you about hunters? Because I could contact one for you and have them track the monster you sensed," He said. I shook my head.

"It was a Fae." His eyes widened.

"Did they give a name?" I nodded. He bit his lip. "And?"

I sighed. Damn, what was it again? He said it was like Real or Riley.

"Riel?" I said. "Rael? Real?" He ran his hand down his face.

"Father forgive me," He whispered. "Fuck," He said. I gaped at him. Never, in the two years that I have been here, have I heard him curse. Let alone say one that strongly before.  “You said this man Rael? As in Rael Flynn?" He asked. I nodded. He sighed through his nose and stood up. He went to a little filing cabinet to his right and pulled out few papers. He thumbed through some of them.

He must have found what he was looking for since he grabbed two nilla folders and brought them over. He sat them on the desk in front of me. He sat back down and placed them before me. It had a picture of Rael. I got a better look of his face now that it was placed before me and he was not yapping about monsters.

His irises were still the brightest blue I’ve ever seen, but then inside the pupil was a thin ring of black with then a violet circle. It was so interesting. He had a Roman nose. And for a man, he had perfect shaped eyebrows, roughly the same shade as his hair.

I took a closer look of the file and was confused. It almost resembled a police file like you’d see in TV shows and movies. I read through the page quickly but then had to read it again to absorbed what it said.


Name: Rael Flynn



Age: 21



Date of Birth: August 23th, 1996



Height: 6'4.5



Weight: 195 lbs



Occupation: Prince of Incantatus, Royal Sentinel of Princess Sariah.



Prince Rael is the youngest of 8 children. He was named the Royal Sentinel of his sister and Heir to the Incantatus' royal family, Sariah Flynn at the age of 15. He is not yet married, but we believe that he isn't interested in looking for anything of the such since he is far more loyal to his royal duties. He was also named to be the protector of the Augur when she is found.



There is not much to say about him other than his loyalty and training which is that above everyone else that we have seen thus far.


When I finished, I looked up at Father Jeffery, confused. "Father, why are you showing me this?" I asked. He pursed his lips, but didn’t say anything. He pushed the other file my way. I glanced down at it. It was me. The picture of me was from before I had to come here. When I still had light behind my eyes.

My hair in the picture was longer and straighter. It was such a light brown that looked almost blonde in some lighting. The blue-green eyes that had once held light of hope of a day that I'd be free of the monsters and creatures that sensed me just as I sensed them looked back at me. It was a harsh reminder of who I once was.

My freckles were darker too. Since being here, they have lightened significantly, being used to being in the sun whenever they had the simple desire to do so. Even my lips were freckled. I felt the sudden urge to know everything that they had on me - to see how much they knew. So I read it.  Name: Abbigale Pierce


Age: 19



Date of Birth: December 12th, 1997



Height: 5'2



Weight: 117 lbs



Occupation: N/A



We have been following this Abbigale since she has been claiming to see mythical creatures and monsters since see she was at least 2. Her father has gotten into contact with the Holy Hunters since she was 3. He tells them stories of the things see she claims to see. Or simply sense.



We have come to believe that this only child of Caleb and Monica Pierce is the Augur that was predicted during the war between Fae people and the Half-Fae, Dante. The world of Incantatus felt it when the child was born - though they didn’t know who it was at the time, and assigned Prince Rael to be the one to find and secure her in order to find the next Half-Fae before another war could potentially break out.



Once Abbigale was placed in Four Winds Hospital in the psychiatric ward, on the corner of Madison Ave and E 57th St, we put