as a torture toy but but you know what?  Fuck all of them.  We can show them they're wrong.  We don't play by their rules because this isn't their fucking game anymore. We'll show 'em that our pathetic brownblood is just as valuable as their subjugglator."

Ok, first off--SOLLUX PROBLEMS ASDFGHJKL.  I know there's some controversy about what Sollux calls his friends, and that it depends on his mood and all that, but for the sake of my sanity, in this fic he is just gonna call everyone on the Low Side by two-letter acronyms, all the time, okay?

Regarding his lisp: I've always had a hard time imagining Sollux's lisp if the s's aren't explicitly written as th, and I'm a big fan of his voice, so that's why all Sollux dialogue is written like this.  I hope it's still intelligible. If any of y'all think it gets to be too much, I will replace his the th's with normal s's in the future. }:o/

Okay, okay.  So overall how was this chapter?  It was pretty fucking satisfying to write };o)

11/25/2017: New illustration for this chapter: https://www.deviantart.com/art/TAVROS-IS-THE-REASON-YOU-RE-NOT-MOTHERFUCKING-DEAD-716933861


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Chapter 7

--> BE TEREZI PYROPE

A smile snakes its way onto your face when Tavros wakes up, and you try to hide it behind your hand with an awkward cough. The explosive tension in the room suddenly dissipates, as though Tavros's returned consciousness is some kind of coolant.

You're not sure what to make of Gamzee and Tavros's tightly joined hands. Gamzee's head is bowed and he is muttering unintelligibly, and Tavros is just...looking at him, clinging to the subjugglator's hand like a lifeline (considering the mocha troll did just sort of die, that could very well be literal). You suddenly feel very hot. You decide that now is not the time to start making assumptions and that your presence isn't really needed anymore, at this moment. As a legislacerator, your specialty is investigating and analyzing evidence in the aftermath of an incident, but you're not as comfortable with being in the scene of action.

Besides, there's something else you can deal with right now. Like that troll still standing at the entrance to the tent, watching the scene expressionlessly and smelling like frozen blueberries. Hmm.

You unobtrusively sidle out of the tent, and Feferi, Gamzee, and Tavros don't pay you any mind. As you're stepping out, you grab Vriska's wrist and drag her out with you.

She doesn't cry out or say anything, but she makes a small noise in her throat that lets you know that she is surprised. Managing to actually startle the spiderbitch is a rare thing indeed.

You don't stop dragging her even after you are out of the tent, instead taking her across the camp grounds, hoping the ice in her mind will defrost a little bit and loosen her lips. You frown when you have already reached the entrance of your own tent, which you share with two other tealbloods, and she still hasn't said anything.

"This is unlike you, Vriska," you proclaim frustratedly.

She recoils when you lean forward to lick her face, but she isn't fast enough for your wicked tongue. However, you soon regret having done it because of the desire you taste on her.

"Oh geez, are you serious, Serket?" You wipe your tongue. "How are you STILL horny for him after what just happened? I mean, I know you have weird kinks when it comes to pailing, but you just saw someone's heart stop and you're still thinking about fucking him? I mean, if your bulge really is that desperate, there are literally a bucketful of people you should think of bringing to bed before him. I know his chocolateyness is sweet but I always thought you liked the sour or spicy type--"

"No."

Vriska's face smells like blueberry soda (is that even a thing?) has exploded all over it. Is she embarrassed? Haha! "What do you--"

"I'm black for him."

You are stunned into shock by her admission. You'd thought Vriska wasn't capable of taking kismesissitude seriously, considering the complete lack of caliginous interest she showed in you for the very turbulent time for which you two had known each other. But now here she is, black crushing for a lowblood who never so much as raised his voice at her, much less actually wronged her in any way?

Vriska seems to be horrified by her confession, and you sense her eyes widening and widening.

"Vriska--"

"Shut up!" she yells in your face, and suddenly you feel her mind trying to invade yours. Her