a laugh, talking with the Head like the oldest of friends.

The Fish; loud and assertive, and somehow still kind. Sometimes spending hours in the Head's office, quietly wasting time.

The Skeletons; two brothers, tall and short. Loud and quieter, one joking and one always smiling.

They told her of them all.

She learns all she can, really. The layout of the mansion, the routines of their daily lives.

And then, when she has nothing more to learn like this, she invites Asgore Dreemurr for tea.

She picks a place of her own— one of her million webs, a small warehouse no one sees anymore. Walls painted violet, and decorated with beautiful, fine spun silk.

He shows up alone.

Daylight barely reaching her doorstep, and he bows her head to her, clad in a fine, dark-coloured suit.

"Ms. Muffet," he greets her, head still bowed. "I must say, I was quite pleased to receive your invitation."

She inclines her head to him. Steps aside, and he walks in carefully, bends so his horns doesn't tear the web spun across the frame.

"And I, am pleased you accepted it."

He looks at her, briefly— then around himself, at the walls and the high ceiling, at the single table sat in the center of the room.

His smile is... something.

She is not sure what.

"This is a lovely place, Ms. Muffet," he says, and somehow she thinks he means it.

"Thank you," she says, slowly— it is a first.

She has already set out the tea, the china— one of her favourite sets, painted with small spiders and trails of glistening silk. When she gestures towards the table, his eyes immediately goes to it.

"My," his voice goes low, awed. "what a lovely tea set!"

Again, he seems to mean it.

"It is one of my favourites," she says, not quite sure why. She steps over to the table, gently touches the rim of one of the cups.

He follows her. Takes the chair facing the exit, and she lets him.

"I can see why," he says, sitting down. He takes the closest cup very gently, runs the tip of his thumb over it. "it is beautiful."

She looks up at him.

Fascinating.

She has already brewed the tea— the pot is still warm, of course, and she pours his first.

Then hers.

She wonders, as she sits down and he pulls his cup to him, if he realises it is poisoned.

They talk, over the table. All very much facade, simple polite chatter. He does not drink of the tea, simply holds it and lets the warm sink into his paws.

She cannot say she is not disappointed.

But, suddenly, she has no reason to be— he takes the first sip, doesn't even falter as he does so.

She barely manages to suppress her sudden interest.

She watches him with sharp eyes, as he gently sets the cup back down.

He smiles at her.

"I must say," his voice is warm, somehow. "that this is one of the most delicious teas I have ever tasted."

She draws back in her seat, baffled.

This is the third time he has complimented her, the third time it seems genuine.

She is used to sensing lies, to knowing when someone bluffs— Asgore Dreemurr does not ring any of those bells.

He is everything the rumours says he is.

And she has just poisoned him.

Conflicting, indeed.

She taps one long finger against her own cup, takes a sip— she watches him as intensely as she can, without being obvious about it.

He takes another sip.

She places down her cup.

"Mr. Dreemurr," her voice is crisp. "I have found you to be most fascinating. And, because of that—" she draws out a small, see-through vial from her dress. Places it gently on the table. "—I must give you this."

He doesn't look down at the vial. Doesn't look away from her.

"And why, Ms. Muffet, is that so?"

His voice is a rumble. Warm, and kind, and she cannot look at him.

She hesitates.

"... because I have just poisoned you."

Why does she feel like a child?

Why can't she look at him?

"Ah," his cup makes a quiet sound as it meets the table. "thank you for your honesty, Ms. Muffet."

His claws clink against the vial, and now that he has taken it, she finds she can look at him again.

He doesn't seem surprised.

"... You aren't shocked?"

He looks at her. Smiles.

"Ms. Muffet, I have been in this business for a very long time," he chuckles, gently places the vial in his breast pocket. "assassination attempts are quite common. Especially from an assassin