chair, Rodney,” Radek said, and by the sound of it, he’d been saying the same thing for several minutes.

“The city wants you in this chair,” Sheppard said. “I can probably do it, but I’m sure you’ll handle it better.”

Keller frowned. “I’m not so sure this is a good idea. Until we know more about your telepathy, I don’t know if we should add another person to the mix.”

“Telepathy?” Rodney and Zelenka asked in unison.

Sheppard sighed. “Lorne and I have, apparently, been communicating without talking. For several days.”

“Mind reading is so annoying,” Rodney said.

“It’s not really mind reading. I have no idea what you all are thinking. We were just talking, but not out loud.”

“That’s not so bad,” Radek said. “You and Rodney do that all the time.”

“What?” they said in unison.

“It’s actually quite disconcerting. I’m not sure we should encourage more of it.”

Sheppard shook his head. “As long as there he’s the only person connected to the city at any given time, he won’t become linked with us.”

“You’re sure of that?”

“Well, not definitively, but dozen of people sat in the Antarctica chair, and this never happened. It stands to reason that it won’t happen again unless those circumstances are repeated.”

“That’s not exactly good enough for me,” Rodney said. “I don’t want you and Lorne running around my head.”

“It’s not like that, Rodney.”

“No? I’d still rather not.”

John rolled his eyes, but sat in the chair himself. He has to push a little harder than he was used to to get it to come to life, and it’s not as easy to navigate as he would have liked. “I don’t belong in this chair, Rodney,” he said, but continued. “Anything in particular you’d like me to search for?”

“Nope. In fact, you can get up.” Sheppard sat forward. It was unusual for Rodney to be so quick to dismiss him; even back on earth he’d encouraged him to uncover as much as he could. “We just needed it initialized, to link long enough for the compute to extrapolate its primary functions. Besides, we’ve agreed to no unnecessary taxing of the ZPM until we have more charged.”

Keller stepped forward and took a few readings of John’s vitals. Satisfied, she left them.

“Radek,” John said. “Can Rodney and I have a moment?”

Radek rolled his eyes, but unplugged his tablet and walked away. “Take all the time you need. I’m getting coffee.”

“What is your problem?” Sheppard asked when he was gone.

Rodney was looking down at his tablet, paying as little attention to him as possible.

“Rodney!” he said, taking the tablet from his hands, setting it in the chair.

“What?”

“What is your problem?” he asked again. “You’ve been acting weird ever since…” Ever since he walked in on him and Lorne.

“It’s nothing. Doesn’t matter.”

“Rodney, we can’t function like this. We’re no good to Atlantis if we’re fighting.”

“We’re not fighting. I’m avoiding, and you’re pushing.”

“That’s not better. Just tell me what it is that’s eating at you, so I can try to fix it.”

“It’s not something you can fix. So why don’t you just run off to your new buddy, and let me get back to work.”

“Rodney,” he said, and he thought he finally understood. He leaned forward and pressed a light kiss on Rodney’s lips.

“What are you doing?” Rodney asked, a little dazed, when he pulled away.

“Me and Lorne… It’s not what you think it is. It was just a one-time thing.” And, okay, maybe he would have liked for it to be more than that, but he knew it couldn’t be, and he certainly didn’t want something if it meant damaging his friendship with Rodney.

*

Weeks went by. Things returned to normal. The telepathic link between Sheppard and Lorne faded – sometimes they slipped into accidentally using it, but mostly it was just there, in the background.

“Colonel Sheppard,” Chuck said over the comms.

“Go ahead.”

“Sensors have just picked up three Wraith Hives, less than twenty minutes out.”

“How is that possible?” He asked, jumping out of his chair. Rodney and Ronon followed him as he dashed out of the commissary.

“It’s not,” McKay said. “Sensors should have picked them up days ago.”

They were in the control room within minutes, but it was minutes