the swine. I side-eye him. He could be of use... After all, with his help even that Longbottom managed a Patronus. But still... What about my dignity? My honor? I'm a Malfoy, for Chri-

NO. This is not Malfoy's year.

It's Motherfucking Draco Year™.

“I was, attempting a Patronus.” I mutter without looking at him, as if maybe he won't notice me speaking. He looks interested.

“How about that, then? This place could use some cheering up.” He murmurs the words and flicks his wand lazily. To my shock, a sloth immediately emerges. Brilliant white and glowing, it slowly looks from me to Harry, sizing us up. What on earth?

“Your Patronus changed?” I ask incredulously. And to a sloth of all things. It makes a noise at me, as though offended.

“Yeah. So have I, haven't I? So have we all.” Potter shrugs, unbothered by this. “Did that a while ago. Without the war going on, feels more natural, really. What's yours? A naked mole rat?”

“Can't say.”

He raises his eyebrows. “Need help? Wait- what.”

“What? No, I mean-- no.”

“I mean, er, I could, I guess...”
“Absolutely not, that would, that would be quite useful, really- NO.”

“Yeah, yeah, of course.” An awkward pause. “What thought have you been using?”

“I don't-- I mean.” I huff. “It's difficult to think of, anything. At all.”

Harry looks at me. I don't like that look in his eye. “You can't think of any happy memories?”

“Not really.”

“None at all?”

“Any I do have from my childhood are now shrouded in regrets, and as of late there's been little for me. So yes, nothing.”

“Wow. That is sad.”

“Shut up. At least I have parents.”

He glares at me. “They can barely be called that... How is that, then?”

I close my eyes. So, so tiring. “...Better, lately. I've barely been out of mother's sight since, and the owl's from father are more than just packages to show off wealth. I've been getting letters.”

“Well, that's something?” Harry smiles a little bit, but he's clearly uncomfortable. Must be wondering why I'm opening up to him of all people. Quite frankly, so am I.

It may be... He's like the Shrieking Shack, in a way. Without grandeur or pretenses or flamboyance. You would think he would hold that in spades, being the Boy Who Lived, but he really isn't at all. He's just... there. And easy to talk to, when I close my eyes on the face I'm conditioned to hate.

Besides, it's not as if I have anyone else to confide him. Everyone who likes me likes a pretense I've set, or so it often feels. With our history of animosity, it isn't as if I can fail to meet his expectations. There is nothing to lose and everything to gain, as I am hopelessly in love with him.

Oh, didn't I mention that? It's still new to me, in all honestly. All my life I had looked at him through a carefully conditioned eye. When I finally dropped the lens, I could see what I felt about Harry Potter. And of course, it had to be the most inconvenient thing possible. Just. Bloody. Brilliant.

“Well... 's pretty clear what you have to do, then.”

“And what is that,” I mutter. This Potter. Always has the answer, doesn't he? A goddamn hero.

“Make a happy memory. Surely even you can manage that.”

“Your faith is truly uplifting.”

“I try.”

“What's there to make a happy memory of? This is the last year. Our last chance. It's not as if anyone wants to make one with Lucius Malfoy's son, anyhow.”

“I'm making an offer, aren't I?”

“And how do you plan to do that when your very face sends unpleasantness through me?”

“I have something in mind.”

He murmurs 'nox,' and flicks his Patronus away with a wave. The darkness makes me tense. “What the hell do you think you-” I feel hands on my face.

And then he kisses me.

 

---

 

It was Hermione who figured it out, as it always is.


 “I tell you, Malfoy has been acting strangely of late.” The moment she joins me and Ron at the table she starts in on her musing.



 “Yeah. He's not being a right git, for once.” Ron