will.
Zayn knows you can’t always get what you want.
~~~~~~~~~~
He didn’t understand what was going on when he sat at lunch at school on Monday.
He was sat quietly reading a book too engrossed in the book to notice that someone sat across from him.
“HEY!” Louis nearly shouted almost giving zayn a heart attack.
“Um hi.” Zayn breathed out.
“So I showed my best friend the drawing of me and he hung it up above his bed.” Louis exclaimed excitedly.
“That’s great.” Zayn said plainly looking around making sure no one was looking at them. He really did not want Louis to get judged because of him.
“I know! Oh here he comes! HARRY!” Louis shouted. Harry walked over to the table and sat next to Louis smiling widely. Zayn noticed this was the same boy that sat next to him in class.
“Zayn right? I don’t know if you remember me but I’m harry.” Harry said unsurely.
“I remember.” Zayn mumbled getting back to his book. Zayn ignored the conversation between Louis and Harry. He wishes they would disappear right now. They don’t know that they are committing social suicide.
“Hey guys!” Zayn’s head went up to see liam standing on his left before sitting down next to him.
“Hi zayn.” Liam said putting a hand on zayn’s shoulder.
“Hi.” Zayn replied simply. He didn’t understand why they were talking to him or sitting with him. He just simply did not understand.
“Niall is on his way he just bought all of the food in the cafeteria.” Liam said with a little laugh. The other boys laughed while zayn just stared not getting what’s funny at all. He tried to read his book again but before he could read more than two words someone slammed something on the table on his right causing him to jump. 

“The lunch lady gave me dirty looks. She said that I eat too much and I told her there was no such thing. That I am a teenage boy that needs his food, she officially hates me now.” Niall rambled as he sat down. He turned towards zayn and smiled brightly.
“Zayn right? I’m niall i think we’re going to be great friends.” Niall said reaching his hand out for zayn to shake. Zayn just stared at him frozen eyes wide and full of fear. 

Zayn wishes that they would disappear.
But zayn knows you can’t always get what you want. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Zayn doesn’t know how it happened but every day for the past two months the four boys have been sitting with him at lunch. The boys that have been bullying him just stopped. The four boys have been showing up at his house uninvited causing zayn to have more bruises by his father.  He ended up leaving the house more often because of the four boys dragging him out making his dad draw more blood. 

Zayn also doesn’t know how he ended up crushing on the cute little irish man. He thinks maybe because of the food he makes zayn eat. Maybe it was the way he always has a hand on him or how the boy can flirt like crazy and make zayn blush in less than three minutes. 

Zayn doesn’t want to like niall. He hates thinking that maybe he likes someone. He hates almost caring for someone. He knew that he would never be good enough for niall. He knew he wasn’t pretty enough or skinny enough. He knew he was too shy for him. But what he definitely knew was that he was too broken for the blonde boy. 

Zayn knew he couldn’t be fixed and he was okay with that. He knew that he would be living with his dad forever until his dad actually killed him. Zayn couldn’t wait for that day so he could be free of the pain and suffer. He was ready to go now. So what was stopping him?
Nothing was stopping him.
He had it all figured out he had the pills and he had his razor and he had his pain.
Zayn was ready to go.
But zayn know that you can’t always get what you want. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Zayn had it all planned out for today. After school he would do it. He felt like he owed one the four lads and josh a goodbye without them knowing he was saying it. He waited until lunch to actually show up at school. He wanted to say goodbye quick. He had too he thought it was the least he could do for all that they’ve done for him. He walked into the cafeteria and walked to the table where the four boys sat and walked up to them quickly.
“Zayn where were you? You weren’t in class.” Harry said smiling widely as zayn sat down in his original spot in between niall and liam. 

“I’ve been thinking.” Zayn mumbled quietly. 

“About what?” Liam asked. 

“I just I wanted to thank you guys so much for sitting with me shit for even talking to me. I know