sacrificed and pure, human life, a human soul, to Heaven. Sam didn't even hesitate.

     This, perhaps, was the truest test for Dean, because he couldn't volunteer in his place, not this time, not since he marred his soul in the second task, but he couldn't just let is baby brother die, could he? But Sam asked him to ("Dean, it’s okay. Please… Let me do this."). So, he closed his eyes and took a deep, shaky breath, ("C’mon.. Sammy, what am I going to do without you? Don’t you want to live?") He cried, a lot. ("You’re going to save some people, do some good in the world, but most of all, you’re going to live. Me? I’m tired, Dean. There’s no coming back from what we've gone through, not for me, anyway. This life has taken everything from me.You can muddle through it, you always have, but for me… I’m done. And that’s okay. I’m okay with this. This is what I want. Let me go, Dean. Please.") And eventually he was able to close his eyes and whisper, ("Okay.") And Cas put a hand on his shoulder, and reminded Dean that he wasn't going to go through this alone.

     Chuck had shuffled next to Sam, once it was decided he was volunteering himself. (“Well, we best get this going, then.”)

     Dean had nearly fallen over, (“Now? Can’t we have.. I don’t know, a little time?”) Chuck gave Dean sympathetic eyes. ("I think it’s best if we do this sooner, rather than later.")

     Sam agreed. It was going to be easier on all of them that way. They hugged, ("I love you, Dean.")("I love you, too, Sammy.") and Sam turned to Cas. ("You take care of him, okay?") ("You know I will.") (“See you guys on the other side.”)

     Sam said the bit of enochian to complete the trial and his chest began to glow. Chuck put his hand on Sams arm and unfurled large, dark wings that weren't there a moment ago. A beam of light ripped through the sky and engulfed the two and in a flash of light they were gone.

     ("Goodbye, Sammy.")

     Dean dropped to his knees and fell apart. Cas sat next to him, put his arms around him and told him it would be okay. Dean knew Cas was probably right but it still fucking hurt, all the same.

     They lied in that field all night.

     When dawn had broke Dean finally got up. (“We should go.”) he had managed to croak out.They stood up and Dean took Cas’s hand, intertwining their fingers and closed the distance between them and kissed him lightly.

     When Sam got to Heaven he was reunited with Jess. Bobby was there, also, and Kevin, and Ellen, and Jo, Ash, and his Father and, Christ, even his mom, too. He got to live the life he wanted with Jess, up there. He went to school, got married, shit, he even had kids. He didn't even know that was possible in Heaven. He got to know his mom for the first time and have an actual family. He still missed Dean, though. A lot, and often. But sometimes, just sometimes, Sam could hear Dean praying to him. And the more and more he concentrated on it the clearer he could hear him, and he would smile and the pain of missing him suddenly wasn't as bad.

     Dean prayed to Sam a lot. Cas said that it wasn't just angels that could hear prayers, but sometimes the souls up there could, too. Dean really just talked to Sam, it wasn't really praying, but he hoped he could hear it the all same. At first, he would mainly tell Sam how he missed him and how he wished he was there. But he started talking about his day to day life, after a while, once he started to heal from all they went through.

     He and Cas still hunted. Without Demons or Angels it was much simpler. Dean liked that. They tried to make as much a difference as they could. They didn't kill when they didn't have to. They worked with Garth and set up a resource network for werewolves. Then, they got other hunters in on it and did the same for Vampires. So, far it was working out pretty well and Cas was trying to start a network for the other monsters, too, but so far he hadn't gotten enough monsters to trust him. Dean knew it’d work out, eventually, though.

     Dean didn't touch Sams room for a long time after they got back to the bunker. Sometimes the bunker got lonely, though, It