to his ears by now, and he could feel the tears begin to well up inside his chest.

Apparently silence wasn’t an acceptable answer and with the lack of any reply one of the guys shoved Rich up against the locker by his collar. The other seemed to be encouraged by this and as if on cue whipped out his phone.

“Say it, man”

“Come ON! We’re all friends here right? I’m sure Mads will find this hilarious.” The one with his phone coerced. It looked to Rich like they had already started filming, and if it were possible Rich would’ve gone even redder.

“You guys, don’t you think that’s a bit much?” Rich heard a voice.

The guy holding up Rich dropped him and turned to talk to the newcomer.

“Mikey! How've you been!” This sudden change in demeanour was off-putting and comforting to Rich in a way that felt strangely familiar to dealing with his Father’s ups and downs.

“Hey Dustin.” The voice sounded bored, irritated even, “Don’t you think your being a bit hard on the little guy over there?”

Rich frowned at the word ‘little’. As grateful as he was to this random guy, he didn’t exactly appreciate being degraded in such a way. After all, he was 5ft 2 and according to the internet he still had a few years.

“Hey! Don’t go assuming you know what happened?”

“Yeah! This guy was asking for it”, Dustin countered. “He came out of nowhere trying to fight us and shit!!”

The guy made his way towards where Rich was slumped on the floor. Rich looked up and he was hit with the sudden awareness that without a doubt, he was gay for this man. He was saying something to Rich and motioning for him to get up. Rich stood up but Michael might have well been speaking gibberish. Just as Michael started to lead them away from the pair, Rich felt a sudden sharp pain at the back of his head.

“Ahh!!” Rich was being pulled to the ground, watching Michael getting pushed out of his line of sight. Instead Michael was replaced with the pleasant sight of the underneath of Dustin Croft’s sneakers.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

By the time Rich had come to, he could tell he’d been passed out for at least a few hours. His tongue felt stale, his limbs felt heavy, and the room was still spinning. Speaking of which, Rich could’ve sworn that he was in the hallway the last he remembered. But from looking around, it was obvious that this was no longer the case.

Somehow Rich had ended up in the Drama Room of all places, Waking up in a room of all black, freaked him the fuck out. For a second he thought he had died, or worse, joined the Drama club. It took Rich a while to properly come to his senses and when he did he was a hot mess of emotion. On one hand he was still hurt by what had happened with Madeline, and Rich couldn’t even imagine what it would be like when he got home. Although that train wreck with Dustin had led him to meet the guy of his dreams. Out of everything, Rich remembers that moment with the most clarity.

For that one moment in Rich’s life since his Mom left, Rich felt like someone cared about him, like he mattered somehow.

Dark hair with soft curls, a few locks in disarray to frame a concerned yet welcoming face. A stoic jaw, with lips slightly turned up on one side, to reveal a nervous half-smile. He remembered his eyes the best of all, a gentle brown with flecks of hazel. Rich could stare at those all day, in fact he probably did stare thinking back. (Ugh! So uncool!)

To Rich, everything about Michael was so indulgent and relaxing to look at, this ‘Mystery guy’™ was kind of like a guilty pleasure to him. An experience he felt he could keep privately to himself, to rely on and remind him that there are good people in the world. In comparison to himself, Rich felt like his appearance was a violent attack on the eyes, and his personality would fare much worse.

Rich tried to be a nice guy most of the time, but he was clumsy and awkward. Whenever he did build up the confidence to break out of him shell or try to do something worthwhile he fucked it up. Of course, Rich wasn’t that stupid, he knew that he couldn’t possibly know the personality of Mystery guy. But at the same time he already knew that he would never be able to step in like he did. He’d be too much of a pussy.

Rich started to push himself up from the ground. He made it onto his two feet only to find himself collapsing face-first onto a very familiar patch of black carpet.

“Having trouble?” an ominously familiar voice asks.

Wait is that-