and Zayn sighs, glancing at the kid across from him. "Uh, Danny, right?" He asks, even though he knows the answer is yes.

He does that to start a conversation with them easy. It's so fucking tedious right now, but he sees the kids shoulders loosen and he's not so stiff anymore.

"Yeah...the, uh "witness" I guess. I didn't really see much."

All he can think is, "of course you didn't". Obviously there's no point in saying that out loud, for many reasons, but the most obvious one being that it'd be a waste of Zayn's precious time.

"Okay, so did you see if it was anyone you know?"  He picks up one of his new, freshly sharpened pencils, and places it over the pad, letting it hover. Ah hope, the ruiner of lives.

"Oh. I don't know. It was kind of dark outside... I know it was a lady? She had long hair." He then leans forward to look at Zayn's notepad.

Zayn sighs deeply and puts his pencil back down, the table making a banging sound with the pencil smacking against it.

"...Aren't you supposed to draw it-her, or something?" Danny asks, and yes, Zayn knows he's not doing this to torture him, but fuck. 

"I can't actually draw her when all you're giving me is "long hair" you know. Quite a few amount of women have long hair, Danny." Danny sighs, his chest rising and falling with it.

"All I saw was the back of her though. She was skinny, with long hair and she was carrying a purse. That's all I can tell you." He explains, reaching his hands up and tugging at his hair.

Zayn doesn't feel like watching this kid go through a mental break down so he starts drawing the back of a woman. "How skinny?" He asks before starting on her legs. "Skinny skinny."

Zayn scoffs, he thinks that's just code for very skinny. So he draws a skinny woman, her legs with a space in between them. "Small purse, or large purse?" He questions, starting on the strap first.

"It was thin, you know?" And no, he doesn't know but he nods along anyways, he can feel his head start to ache with the feeling of being here. It feels like hell.

"The only woman that I've seen at that house before was Andy's girlfriend, or something." He speaks quietly, watching Zayn draw. Zayn stops for a second and looks back up at him.

He sighs and flips the paper over to a new, blank sheet. Zayn thrusts his hand out, "Okay...can you describe her? Just in case you know." He explains, trying to get the kid to give him something, anything.

"Uh, yeah okay." He starts, shifting in the chair nervously. "I don't remember her name but, she had wavy, long brown hair. Her nose was kind of big. She had uh...thin lips, green eyes, she was really pretty."

Zayn rolled his eyes. "Pretty" wasn't really necessary for him to say in this situation, but whatever. He was still too tired to tell him to shut up.

The two of them sat in complete silence, he didn't know exactly how to draw the shape of her face, but he goes with thin, due to the "skinny skinny" comment from him earlier.

Zayn finishes the small curve of her lips and turns the pad around, showing it to Danny. "Any similarity?" He asks him, hoping for a good answer.

Danny nods, his hair bouncing around him. "Yeah, looks like her a little." 

Zayn nods back, pulling his pad back and taking a deep breath. He shoves his chair away from him and stands up, his knees popping.

"Thanks, man." He speaks softly, meaning two different things with that statement. One being, thanks for helping and two being, thanks for making me be here asshole.

~

Once Zayn got home he turned the news on, wanting to see as much about this as possible. He sat down in the living room, not wanting to wake Perrie.

There was a man at the news desk who spoke about it first. "A triple homicide down on Main street has the police surrounding the home. Police have been searching for a main suspect. Whoever it was obviously had close ties to the family. We'll keep everyone posted. Now to John with the weather for the week."

Zayn clicked the TV off immediately afterwards. It gave him nothing. What he did know was, Danny had thought it looked like a woman. And he said the only woman that he's seen there was the guy's ex fiancee.

Zayn stretched his body out on the couch,