urged Kaminari once more.

“Say it louder.”

Bakugou watched with infatuation as Kaminari squeezed his eyes shut this time. “Amazing- Kat-“ Kaminari began, but chocked on his spit from Bakugou’s movements becoming faster. “Katsuki Bakugou is amazing!!” He cried, the entire word ‘amazing’ ripping through his throat. Bakugou gasped at the sound his face heating up even more. Kaminari was panting now, whilst holding his frame against Bakugou’s own broader one.

“I didn’t tell you to stop.” Bakugou panted, he was getting off on the words more than he was from the friction building between their lower halves; however, he knew this could be optimized. Before Kaminari could even say another word, the explosive boy flipped their position. He ground his palms into Kaminari’s knees, pushing his legs toward the headboard. Bakugou’s grogginess was now completely replaced with lust and he wanted nothing more than this despite it being so early. At least it was Saturday.

“Please Katsuki,” Kaminari breathed “You’re so good at this.” Bakugou shivered at the words. If he questioned why he was doing this before he wasn’t now. A smug smirk worked its way onto his face, it almost seemed like last night was playing out all over again. The only difference was the small thought that kept creeping into Bakugou’s mind this time.

Why was Kaminari really doing this?

It could be that he honestly just thinks Bakugou is amazing, but the explosive boy can’t help but feel there may be an ulterior motive. That, it is plausible Kaminari might have actual feelings going on; that what he said and did last night may have been the only way to get something out of Bakugou. He told himself not think too much about that, Kaminari didn’t seem offended by his cover up answer as to why he did it so that spoke volumes. Maybe Kaminari did just think he was amazing and was only acting on his own lust.

Bakugou didn’t know why he got his hopes up.

Now he was frustrated, “Damn fucking straight.” Bakugou snapped in response to the praise as he reached for his dresser to retrieve the lube from last night. “And don’t you forget it.” He added extra venom to the words trying to get any kind of reaction from the other boy. Kaminari only watched him with bated breath as he applied the lube to his fingers.

“I won’t.” He finally whispered and Bakugou almost missed it because of how faintly it was said. He cocked his head to one side trying to figure out what Kaminari was getting from this.

“Fucking what?” Bakugou questioned just to be sure he wasn’t hearing things.

“I won’t.” Kaminari repeated a little higher this time; however, Bakugou was sure he heard something resembling sadness in the words.

What- fucking- ever.

He didn’t care what Kaminari felt anymore, this was about him fulfilling what he needed. A way to numb his emotions. With those thoughts in mind Bakugou went straight to plunging a single digit into the other blonde’s body without warning. He was met with a small cry, but that’s not what Bakugou wanted he wanted Kaminari writhing for him, he didn’t want to give him a second to catch his breath. He was going to relish in this opportunity since it may be the last time he would ever get to be this intimate with the person he admired.


Admired?


Bakugou froze right as he was going to add a second finger. Where did that come from? He furrowed his brows he wasn’t about to let himself feel stupid shit like that, and just to take out his anger he abrasively lodged his second finger in to join the first. Kaminari yelped this time and grabbed at Bakugou’s wrist.

“That was too much!” He cried looking horribly panicked. Bakugou scowled. His stomach was twisting in so many directions he felt about ready to puke. He also almost felt bad thinking about how Kaminari must still be sensitive from last night, but at the same time he couldn’t concern himself with it all too much.

“Sorry.” Bakugou apologized robotically. He only half meant it. Bakugou wasn’t big on apologies, but his own guilt forced it out of him. He slowly moved his fingers trying to leave all his pesky thoughts in the back of his mind for another time and tried to focus on Kaminari.

Just Kaminari.

How he couldn’t get enough of him, and after being this intimate how could he ever regain that feeling, how would he get that high after losing all this? Maybe he wanted even more of this? Bakugou grit his teeth even harder trying to get his mind to stop roaming into territory he’d rather never explore. He added his third finger and moved his other hand onto the bed to support his sinking weight. He dipped his head down and brushed his lips against Kaminari’s he needed more stimulation to remove these thoughts, even if that sounded pathetically counterproductive.

The other blonde looked like he