few minutes going back and forth after Castiel had essentially dissected Dean's personality to the core, talking it over briefly before shifting gears back to their current situations. 

Dean was uneasily looking forward to at least three weeks of recovery time in the hospital while Cas would probably be out closer to two, since he had been admitted a couple of days prior and the nature of his stay wasn't as severe. Though the reasons for their admittance were dramatically different, both circumstances required a close eye and round the clock care. 

The hospital wasn't a very desirable place; between the interrupted sleep, grouchy night nurses, and half frozen dinners, it could make vagabond homesick. However that night, while Castiel fell asleep counting the soft snores falling from Dean's parted lips, it felt a little less lonely. 

"Okay, now do two," Castiel insisted, staring at Dean with a grin while his hands squeezed together apprehensively. 


Dean glanced at the second happy face on the pain chart and huffed out a laugh at the ridiculous expression before attempting to mimic it. He lifted his eyebrows slightly and plastered the most ridiculously pained smile on his face, barely even able to hold it for more than a few seconds before bursting out with a contagious laughter. Castiel snorted once and smiled as Dean picked up the chart and pointed to the next face over. "Your turn. Number four," Dean let out, twisting his neck to get a better view of Cas from his bed. 





"That face," Castiel could barely get the words out through his laughter, "it looks like he just found out he had a son." He smiled more when Dean chuckled and had to run a hand over his face just to collect himself. "Okay, okay," Cas said calmly, swallowing deep and taking another quick look at the laminated chart. His brow dropped significantly to match expression on the fourth face while his lips pursed into an impossibly straight line and his eyes widened. 



"You 
are 
the father!" Dean exclaimed, laughing and grinning toothily when Cas' composure melted. 



"Fuck, okay. One more," Cas breathed through his out laughter, wrapping his arms around his stomach and arching forward. "You're going to open my stitches," he groaned playfully, barely able to breathe when Dean got around to making the number ten face, his eyebrows sloped dramatically and his face reddening as he plastered on a scowl that could rival Judge Dredd's. 



"Is that how you looked when you stumbled into the ER?" Dean questioned breaking character, his own smile widening when he caught a glimpse of Castiel's beaming face. 



Dean knew that the morphine-vicodin cocktails they were both sipping probably contributed to their uncontrollable laughter but no amount of pain medication could justify the fleeting feeling of happiness swelling in his gut; it could only amplify it. Castiel had made the past few days unbelievably comfortable. He was patient when Dean would fall asleep mid conversation on account of the high antihistamine count in his medication. He always reminded him when Top Gear was on. He helped adjust his leg and pillows so Dean didn't have to summon the angry night nurse. Most importantly, he shared his cherry turnover even though Dean was technically still on a liquid diet; by that point, Dean was convinced that Castiel was literally an angel sent from heaven. 



It had been three days since he had woken up and though the pain was undeniably prevalent, Dean had spent more time smiling and laughing than bitching and griping. Sam had called to check up at least once a day and reassured Dean he'd be on his way immediately after his last midterm. While Dean protested, saying that he didn't want him to waste his Spring Break in a hospital, Sam didn't leave much room for argument by the end of their short phone call--then again, arguing was essentially what he was studying in school so it shouldn't have come as much of a surprise. 



Castiel looked up from his book at the sound of two quick knocks, his eyes immediately drawn to the gargantuan man standing in the doorway.



 "Oh, I'm sorry. I was looking for my brother," he let out, making a slightly panicked face before glancing at the number at the door, "he said he was in two o' two." Before Cas could respond, Dean's voice sounded from behind the bathroom door. 



"Hey, Sammy! You're in the right place. I'll be out in a minute...after I'm done getting the 
coldest 
spongebath ever known to man," Dean responded, practically glaring through his tone. 



"Oh! You're Sam? Wow, wouldn't have known you guys were brothers," Castiel commented, noting the dissimilarities between the two siblings immediately, "you're so tall." 



"Can it, Cas," Dean boomed from the bathroom, making both Sam and Castiel glance towards the closed door and snicker quietly. 



"I'm Castiel," Cas introduced, sitting up as painlessly as he could and extending his hand to Sam. 



"Sam Winchester," Sam replied with a smile