Run…" Naomi shot into the bathroom to grab Mello's chill pills

" I will fucking kill you!" Mello finally snapped.

Matt leaped over a couch and ran up the stairs. Mello was hot on his tail. Naomi tried to grab him, but missed.

"Beyond! Near! We need help in here." Naomi shouted.

Suddenly the front door opened and a short blonde woman was smiling into the house. A loud crash came from upstairs and a yelp.

"Hi Misa please come in, but be wary of Mello." Beyond bowed as he ran past.

"Someone got into his chocolate hmm?" She laughed walking in.

Upstairs Beyond had tackled Mello and Matt was cowering in the corner. Mello's eyes were bloodshot with anger and he shifted free of his brother's grip. He tackled Matt and started punching him in the ribs.

"Ow, fuck Mello stop!" Matt shouted, grabbing Mello's bare shoulders.

Mello froze and passed out cold. Matt set him down gently.

"What the hell was that?" Beyond gasped.

"Just give him his pill." Matt said sitting up and cradling his sides.

Naomi came over and popped the pill into the back of the sleeping man's throat to let it dissolve. They all stared at Matt who quietly limped down the stairs.

"Matt." Beyond said calmly.

Matt stopped.

"It wasn't you…he isn't mad at you… he is a sociopath… we all kinda are. Don't take it personally." Matt kept walking and locked himself in his technology room.

Moments later Mello sat up with a dazed look in his eyes.

"Chocolate…now." He bitched.

Misa handed him the partially eaten bar and laughed, "Don't scare off the newbie."

He bit off a chunk and stood up slowly. Mello felt uneasy and wobbly on his feet. Slowly the blond made his way toward the stairs, down and knocked on the tech room door.

Matt slowly opened the door and let weary covered eyes look at Mello's blue orbs.

"Can I come in?" Mello's voice was smooth.

"Sure." The redhead stepped aside and Mello came in.

The computers and equipment had been arranged like a security desk. Monitors and keyboards lined on wall while the opposite housed cameras and microphones. Mello nodded in approval.

"I like what you did with it." The blond smiled.

Wearily the techy nodded back.

"I'm sorry…I am fairly in control of my Bi-polar disorder…until someone touches my chocolate." Mello explained.

"I know…its ok."

"Tell me…what did you do to me upstairs? I felt…I dunno…" Mello couldn't find the word.

"Like your soul was on fire?" Matt said flatly.

"Yeah…I guess so." Mello rubbed the back of his neck.

"I-I…That's something I have been able to do since I was little…the calming touch, the raging touch, the…I didn't want to hurt you Mello I just…" Matt babbled.

"Hey..calm down… I am fine and look I stopped freaking out.." Mello smiled and hugged Matt.

Matt simply melted into the embrace and looked up at Mello.

"You are so warm." The redhead's chocolate laced voice floated to Mello's ears.

Mello caught a sniff of the chocolate on his breath and grinned an evil grin. He took Matt's chin into his hand and moved his lips just centimeters over the techy's soft pink lips.

"I should kiss you right now. You chocolate scented demon you… but I won't. I NEVER make the first move." He said releasing the redhead.

Matt swallowed hard and tried to ignore the sudden arousal in his pants.

"Now let's get this fucking party started!" Mello shouted as he threw open the door.

Matt stood with a dumbfounded look on his face. He shook his head and walked into the living room where loud rock music suddenly pounded from speakers mounted on the walls.

Mello was over in the kitchen loading the bowl of a blood red bong. The bowl was shaped like a Satan head and was complete with horns and goatee. Matt joined him as watched as he placed his mouth to the chamber and lit the bowl. The flame sucked into the packed bud and smoke filled the base and neck of the bong. Mello released the lighter and began sucking in soon he pulled up on the bowl and cleared the chamber. He held it in for a moment and let the velvet smoke roll from his mouth.

"Oh sweet baby Pickachu…" Matt groaned.

Mello winked at him and bit off another chunk of the marvelous chocolate. A tiny smudge of it rested on the corner of the blond's lips. Matt wanted to lick it off, but also wanted to keep his testicles, which he was rather fond of. Using his better judgment he looked away just in time to see Misa stick her hand in his face

"Hello I am Misa!" She shouted over