sky condensed in one point, a small vortex opening in the space-time right on top of him. And just like the others, only a little bigger and brighter, fell the red star.

Chanyeol was hypnotized. It was just like in his dreams, only a thousand times more intense. He reached out, hand stretched in front of his body, waiting for the little particle of light to land. It seemed to be taking its time, and he didn't want to rush it. That would take the magic out of the moment.

The instant it touched his hand, his world turned sideways.

Literally.

He'd been hit by a small but really strong form that hurled him to the ground, grabbing the star as hard as they could, both of them rolling on the grass, fighting for it.

That hadn't been in his plans at all, Chanyeol thought, as he looked for the first time at the face of the figure that pinned him to the ground. It was a young boy, his face twisted with despair, holding on to the small star like his life depended on it. He didn't seem dangerous or threatening, only really keen on having what wasn't his.

"HEY! LET GO!" Chanyeol yelled as he tried to break free, "I GRABBED THE STAR, IT'S MINE."

"No." Surprisingly, the boy spoke on a rather low tone, contrasting sharply with Chanyeol's screams, "You know we caught it at the same time. It's not fair for you to have it entirely to yourself."

"BOTH OF YOU, STOP ROLLING AROUND! It's getting hard to catch up, geez."

Oh, yeah. Luhan.

They managed to sit down on the meadow, on a spot quite far from where they stood before the whole tackling situation, both boys grabbing firmly the red flicker of light, looking both confused and ecstatic. Their hair was full of green from the grass and they were on a situation none of them could've imagined 10 minutes ago, but that was it. The journey was over. They had found the star. They were touching it.

Chanyeol watched as Luhan and another boy he didn't know, presumably connected to the one in his right in some way, ran over to where they sat.

"Hey, Soo! What happened?" The one he didn't know asked, ruffling his pitch black hair. It looked like a nervous habit.

"I'll tell you what happened. Chanyeol was about to grab the one thing he spent about 15 years obsessing over, and your friend comes and tackles him, like that would somehow give him any right to owning the star. I'm sorry, I don't know you, but that is ours. We're taking it home."

Luhan was pretty scary when he was mad. But then again, he didn't say anything wrong. Chanyeol thought that would settle it, only to hear the small boy on his side shaking. He was laughing.

"Fifteen years? Get in the line." He calmed down a little, his expression turning serious. "I touched the star at the exact same time your friend here did, and if he says I didn't, he's lying. Yes, I tackled him, and I apologize for that. But it was the only way of getting to the star on time. And I don't regret it, not one bit."

"He's right." The surprised expressions on the faces of the three boys there made clear their thoughts. Luhan didn't like being wrong, but he also wasn't a sore loser. "We caught the star at the same time. Now we have to decide what to do, since we have equal claim to it."

"Thanks." Chanyeol looked at the boy, finding him doing a half-smile. Funny; when he did that, his lips kind of looked like a heart. "I'm impressed at your cooperation. And your honesty."

"Well, I understand the weight of this dream. I wouldn't want to ruin it to somebody else, only to make it come true to me. Even if I was a little savage earlier. Sorry about that."

"It's fine, I'm sorry t-"

A loud noise came from the base of the hill. A sound like guns loading, and big people running.

"Let's get the hell out of here if we want to go back home alive." Luhan grabbed Chanyeol's arm, yanking both of them up, running to the forest in front of them. "If there's any chance of us getting away, we need to find a shelter."

"We came from the forest. There was a cave on our path here." Black-haired boy pointed to the northeast, and there they followed. Running holding the star was hard, and Chanyeol let go of one hand. The other boy did the same, and they ran side by side. It