ear to ear.

"I got it!" Proclaimed Sirius proudly as he punched his fist in the air and gave a whop of triumph.

"That's great Siri but keep it down, Harry only got to sleep a few hours ago." Said Remus as he sat up, pulling the blanket with him. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked Sirius over once again.

"Are you going to clean the soot off?" He asked?

Sirius grinned and waved his wand removing the soot. He then dropped his bottomless bag which had been swung over his shoulder onto the couch next to Remus and flopped into an armchair.

"How did it go?" Asked Remus poking a look into the bag.

"Well I got the necklace, which may I add that bint Hermoine had nicked from my room. And I took back anything else of value I could get my hands on as well as all the Black family books. If we hadn't been trying to sneak off as quickly as possible last time I would have packed the whole house and kicked them all out. But then I bet Dumbledore would have tracked us. Oh and don't worry I checked everything for tracking charms, there were a few but I removed them." Said Sirius as he happily sunk into the chair.

"That's good to know, and isn't calling Hermoine a bint a little harsh?" Remus blinked in shock as he saw Sirius face darken.

"I found the letters Harry wrote her, they were in her trash can. And I bet you anything that the others he sent out were given the same treatment."

"Really? I don't think we should tell Harry about that just yet then, lets let him have as good a birthday was we can."

" Yeah good idea."

"Well I guess we should go to bed now." Yawned a sleepy Remus as he stood up.

"Yea good idea" Replied Sirius as he snaked an arm around Remus and grabbed his bag again. "I also left a little wake up present for everyone, it really wasn't as bad as I thought, hardly anyone was staying there at all. Just the Weasly's and Hermoine. And my cousin Tonks.."

"A wake up gift?" Asked Remus who was already half asleep again.

Sirius grinned and helped guide his sleepy lover to their room.

"Yep, tomorrow they are going to wake up to a 3inch layer of sand on the floor and a heap of rosters. I figured I would help then get summer off to a bang! It's meant to be more of a pain in the arse then funny. For funny I charmed the showers to turn their hair and skin bright green, and it will take about 4-5 weeks to wear off, they might even still be slightly pale green come Hogwarts. "

Remus shook his head in disbelief and thanked every god he knew that Sirius hadn't gotten caught.

Sirius snickered to himself as he neared his godson's bedroom door, he was careful not to make too much noise. It was 9.30am and his little godson had slept in, which was a very good thing as it gave him and Remus time to set everything up in the lounge downstairs. And now the important task of waking the birthday boy had fallen to him. He reached for the door and slowly opened it, as soon as it was wide enough he transformed into paddfoot and trotted over to Harry's bed. He paused at the side and watched as Harry hugged his pillow tight chewing on it.

"mmmm my marshmallow." Mumbled Harry in his sleep clutching his pillow tighter.

Sirius gave his best dog grin and jumped up onto the bed. He leaned over and gave the side of Harry's face that was visible a big long lick with his wet tongue.

"Aaaaaa! " Yelled Harry as he sat up in his bed, his hand flying to his now wet check. He took one look at the overly happy dog sitting on his bed with his tail wagging and glared. "Sirius what was that for?" He flopped back down and pulled the blankets over his head so Sirius couldn't repeat the offence.

Sirius huffed and turned back into himself, he poked the lump that was Harry. There was no way he was letting the boy fall back to sleep. So he got up and went over to Harry's windows and opened the curtains as wide as they could go, letting the wonderful warm sunshine inside. After that was done and Sirius was pleased enough with the amount of light in the room, he walked back over to Harry's bed and pulled the cover's down, he winced slightly when he saw Harry's red and peeling skin. But as soon as he glaring godson locked eyes with him he smiled.

"wakey wakey sleeping beauty." He sang softly, making sure Harry couldn't get the sheets from his hands.

Harry glared at Sirius and glanced over to where the evil sunlight was coming in. He blinked slowly and sat up.

"What's the time Sirius?" He asked after letting off