Harry’s breath hitches.


 


“Oh, fuck. No. No. No. I uh, fuck. Louis. Fuck.” Harry huffs, frustrated at himself. Louis pulls back a bit, removing one of his hands to stroke Harry’s hair.


 


“Shh, it’s okay, babe. Use your words, yeah?” He drops a kiss to Harry’s jaw and Harry nods shakily.


 


“Yeah. No more. No more rule. Just want.”


 


“Just want what, baby?”


 


Harry whines at that and presses himself closer to Louis.


 


“You. Just want you, Daddy.”


 


“Fuck.”


 


“Please, Daddy, please.” Harry whines, rutting himself against Louis’ leg. Fuck. Louis is going to black the fuck out.


 


“Okay, baby. Okay.” Louis grips Harry’s hair tight and yanks. Harry keens and Louis latches onto the newly exposed skin of throat, sucking a deep bruise. He knows he probably shouldn’t, knows someone on Harry’s team is going to be furious about the mark, but he can’t bring himself to care. Harry’s skin is too smooth and beautiful. It’s creamy and delicate, it’s essentially fucking begging for Louis to mark it up.


 


“Wanna take this to your room, baby?” He mumbles against the damp, reddening skin.


 


“Yeah.” Harry groans. “Please.”


 


They somehow manage to break apart, but it only last a few seconds. By the time they reach the stairs, they are back at it. Panting and licking into each other’s mouths while they stumble their way up. Louis only decides to fully pull away when Harry nearly falls backwards down the stairs.


 


“Christ, love. You’re ridiculous.”


 


“And you’re beautiful and I’d quite like to see you naked, already. So if you would please hurry up. My bedroom’s the very last door on the right.”


 


“I know. I gave myself a tour.”


 


“You little shit! I wanted to give you the grand tour.”


 


“Well, you can give me a grand tour tour. A grand tour of your body.” Louis throws an over the top wink at Harry before running down the hall to his room.


 


“HURRY NOW! QUICK QUICK! I want the tour as soon as possible!”


 


He hears Harry giggle as he follows after him. Louis stops running once he reaches Harry’s bed, turns around in sits on the edge, crossing his arms and steeling his face. Harry comes to a halt, his giggles stopping when he sees how seriously Louis looks.


 


“Come here, darling.” Harry bites his lip as he walks slowly towards Louis, stopping only inches in front of him.


 


“You look good.” Louis whispers. Harry blushes and fiddles with a curl, wrapping it around his finger.


 


“I just got off a plane. I don’t look that good.”


 


“Hey, now. I’ll be the judge of how good you look and you look fantastic.” Louis spreads his legs and Harry steps between them. He slides his hands up Harry’s chest, tracing his fingers across the birds below his collarbone.


 


“You do too.” Harry whispers. Louis smiles slightly as he leans forward, pressing a slow kiss to Harry’s chest. He feels rather than hears Harry inhale, his chest tightening under Louis’s lips.


 


Louis leans back, sliding his fingers down Harry’s chest, reaching the first buttoned portion of his shirt, which begins at his belly button. He quickly undoes the first button, the two others following right after. He pushes Harry’s shirt apart, kissing up and down the exposed skin of his tummy. He pushes the shirt farther and Harry get’s the hint, ripping it from his shoulders and throwing it to the ground.


 


“I love these ferns, baby.” Louis whispers, leaning down to kiss, bite, and lick the tattooed leaves.


 


“Fuck.” Harry mumbles. His hand flies up to grip at Louis’ hair and Louis pulls back instantly.


 


“Not uh, baby. Don’t touch. Hands behind your back.” Harry whines, but obeys.


 


“You are very whiny today, darling.”


 


“Can’t help it, Daddy. I just want you so bad.”


 


“You’ll get me baby, don’t worry.” Louis pushes Harry’s hips and Harry stumbles backwards. “Take your trousers off.”


 


Harry nods, yanking the skin tight jeans off his legs incredibly fast. Louis’ impressed. Harry’s pants are incredibly tiny and black and his bulge is obscene. Louis feels his mouth start to water.


 


“Come here.” He pats his lap and Harry stumbles over his jeans as he races to straddle Louis.


 


“I missed you.” Louis whispers, nuzzling into Harry’s neck. Harry winds his arms around Louis’s shoulders.


 


“Missed you, too.”


 


“Yeah, how much?” He bites at Harry’s neck, one hand gripping his hip bone as