?"

Harry waved at Helvetica and Zayn answered, "this is your-" Zayn stopped and rephrased himself, "this is an old ... friend. This is Harry. Harry this is my daughter, Helvetica."

"Well nice to meet you Helvetica. That's a unique name, just like your daddy's. And very pretty just like you." Harry shot her a wink as well.

"Well thank you Mister Harry. Dad, I'm gonna go back to your office and play on the iPad again." Helvetica told her dad and started walking off again.

"Okay, go straight there!" He called after her. Paying his attention back to Harry, he spoke again. "Sorry about that."

"No, no it's fine. Your daughter's cute. You married?" Harry asked.

Now is your chance. "No, I'm not."

"Oh, well how old is she?"

"She'll be eight this November." Hopefully he'll be smart enough and the math will hit him. 

"Almost into the double digits, she'll grow into a beautiful young lady." Harry smiled genuinely, standing back up straight.

"Yeah, she will." Zayn answered quietly, bending back down to pick up the diapers he dropped. "Well I should probably let you go and finish shopping. I need to put these back and finish my work."

"You work here?"

"Yeah, I'm the manager. Had to come in today to fix up a few things.

"Well I'll put those back for you and you can get back to work. Gotta head around that aisle anyway." Harry motioned for him to put them in the cart.

Zayn's heart dropped slightly at what he was implying. "Oh, you have a kid?"

"Nah," Harry shook his head, "my girlfriend's niece."

Girlfriend.

"But I'll let you get back to work. It was nice seeing you again after all these years, Zayn." He took the diapers from Zayn and held them in his hand.

"Yeah, you too Harry." Zayn nodded. No, don't let this opportunity slip away. 

Harry waved at him and went to push the cart forward when Zayn placed his hand on the cart stopping it. "Can I have your number?" He asked.

"Well sure, yeah. I hope I wasn't implying anything, I do have a girlfriend and -"

"It's not about hooking up or anything. It's just that ..." Zayn felt really nervous and he felt a knot in his stomach start to develop. "You know my daughter, Helvetica that you just saw?"

Harry nodded, giving Zayn a confused look, "Yes ..."

Zayn took a deep sigh before he said anything more. "Look I'd feel better if we discussed this on my office."

"Uh, okay then? Can I bring my cart with me or?" Harry asked and Zayn could tell that he really didn't pick the brightest crayon in the box to sleep with if he hasn't caught a hint yet.

"Just bring it with you," Zayn said and started walking, motioning for Harry to follow, which he did.

•

"Vet, can you go ask Melanie if she needs help with anything if it's not too busy out there?" Zayn asked as they entered the office and Helvetica was just finishing a push-pop and playing on the iPad.

"Yeah, I can." Helvetica agreed as she set down the iPad and hopped out from behind the desk and passed the two men, throwing her trash in the trash can on her way out.

Leaving them alone, Zayn walked to his chair and Harry grabbed the chair off to the side and set it in front of the desk, sitting down.

"First off, why do you still have the diapers in your hand?" Zayn asked as Harry sat down.

He looked down at the package in his hand and shrugged, "I really don't know to be honest."

You know how to find the good looking ones, Zayn but the ones without the brains.

"So why am I in here? Not to sound rude or anything but I'm really confused right now." Harry looked around the room and scratched at the back of his neck.

"Where should I even start?" Zayn mumbled to himself, unsure of how to break the news. He didn't expect Harry to just walk into his life, literally, after eight years at random. He hadn't even prepared what he'd say at this point. The subject was really just spoken of last night.

"So you know how we met right?" He started off simple.

"Yes, we met at a bar. I was drunk and a tad but high, but I'll never forget what you said to me that started it all." Harry chuckled and Zayn tried to keep the smile off his face.

"Exactly. But steering off of Memory Lane, this is a bit more of a