last time he was trouble. These days – and by that he means the days since it finally sunk in that he’s not going to be able to reach down into Hell and pluck Dean out – Sam’s pretty much trouble on two legs. He drinks, he fights, he fucks. When he’s sober enough he looks hopelessly for the answer that he knows he won’t find. He hasn’t hunted once in the two months Dean’s been gone.

Dean would be disgusted with him. Sam doesn’t give a fuck.

“Hey,” she says, sliding onto the bar stool next to him. He glances over, uninterested, but something about her catches his eye. She’s got a sad, sweet face with big, soulful eyes, like a madonna in a Renaissance painting, only she’s dark in a way those madonnas never are. She’s beautiful, and there’s something about her that stirs him deep inside, that makes heat whisper down his spine, fan out into his body. She’s small, but curvy, with the straight, graceful posture of a dancer. He could pick her up easily, and the thought of fucking her against a wall flits through his mind. He doesn’t try to disguise the way he’s looking at her, but she just stares back at him, a little smile on her lips.

She looks like she could be the crossroad demon’s meatsuit, actually. And in the end, maybe that’s what makes him say, “Hey,” in return.

“You want some company?” She signals the bartender, orders a shot of tequila.

“Depends.” Sam downs his own shot. “I’m not really in the mood to make conversation.”

“That’s okay,” she says as the bartender sets her up with another. “We don’t have to talk.”

She sits beside him as they drink in silence, her knee touching his. She leaves it there, but doesn’t press harder or try for any more contact. The silence between them is companionable somehow, as if they know each other and are already at ease together. Sam glances at her profile – strong nose, flawless skin, waves of dark hair, ridiculously full lips. He thinks of pushing his cock between them, seeing them open wide to take him. He can see his hands buried in all that hair, her dark eyes watching him as he fucks in. He doesn’t think about kissing her.

She nudges him gently with her elbow. “I’m going –” She jerks her head toward the back of the bar, where there’s a narrow doorway, a sign tacked above it that reads ‘Restrooms’. “You should –” She doesn’t finish that sentence either, but the heat in her eyes as they catch his does it for her. She slides off the stool and walks unhurriedly toward the back, disappears into that dark hallway. He gives it a minute and then follows her.

The door to the Men’s Room is open and there’s a guy in there taking a piss. The Women’s Room is closed, but not locked. He pushes it open, sees her leaning back against the white porcelain sink, arms crossed over her chest.

“Glad you could make it,” she says as he closes the door behind him and bolts it.

She holds his eyes as he walks up to her. He’s not really thinking how it’s going to go, he just knows that he doesn’t want to talk and he doesn’t want to kiss her. He’s grateful when she sinks to her knees without him having to say anything, opens his jeans and strokes him until he’s hard, her attention focused on his cock, not looking at his face.

Her mouth is wet and hot and perfect and she opens wide and swallows him deep. He grunts as she sucks hard, her throat caressing him, pulls back to let her tongue trace along the vein. He lets his head fall back, his eyes fall closed, trying to lose himself in it. Her hands slide over his hipbones, holding him. They’re strangely strong as he tries to push against her, keeping him in place so she can tease over his cockhead with light, wicked flicks of her tongue and gentle, caressing sucks. He looks down and groans out loud at what he sees, his cock, rock hard and flushed, filling up her pretty mouth, her lips stretched wide around him. He uncurls his fingers from where he was gripping the sink, cards them through the hair at her temple. Her eyes snap to his and they’re so bright that they’re almost glowing. There’s a look in them he can’t name, but it makes him think of the crossroads demon, the look in her eye when she turned him down.

Sam pushes her off of him, lifts her to her feet, shoves her against the sink, thinks better of it when he catches