Karkat did his best to pay attention. But this, however, was difficult to do when someone was staring at you painfully obviously. Dave had his head resting in his hand and his arm hung lazily over the back side of his chair, his whole body facing Karkat's direction. It distracted him to the point where he wasn't even listening to the professor anymore. What the hell was this guy’s problem?! What was so interesting about him that Dave had to devote all of his attention to Karkat's presence? “Why don't you take a picture, it'll last longer, douche bag.” Karkat glared at the boy next to him. Dave only let a small twitch of his lips break his otherwise stoic expression. “Don't have a camera. Name's Dave by the way.” Karkat stared at Dave's out-stretched hand like it contained a deadly and vicious contagious disease.“Yeah, I gathered that much from your implorrable introduction earlier, now would you leave me alone? Believe it or not, some people actually have a future to look forward to and wouldn't mind broadening the wealth of knowledge in their brains.” Karkat then turned away from this total ASSHOLE and back to the lesson, but Dave didn't seem fazed by Karkat at all and continued to stare at him, or at least gander in his general direction, like he was some rare and never-before-seen animal at the petting zoo. 	When the hour finally ended, Karkat bolted from his seat and exited the room as quickly as possible to avoid the creep inside. The day had gone from shitty to worse as Karkat realized that it was pouring rain and Gamzee had his umbrella. “Fuck that clown asshole and his fucking smokes. Why can't, for once, I be the one with that dumb as fuck umbrella!” Karkat seethed in the doorway of the building as he waited for the rain to let up-there was no way he was going to run around and get wet in this horrifying weather. “Need a dry space?” Karkat groaned as he turned to find Dave, standing in the doorway opposite him, umbrella in hand. “I think I would rather drown in a freezing puddle of this torrential downpour than share an umbrella with you, as that would cause me to be within close proximity of your vile existence.”  Karkat growled before taking a step out into the rain, immediately shivering at its cold wetness. Dave didn't move from his position in the doorway, umbrella still outstretched. “Then here, take mine.” Karkat swirled around, just being in the rain for about ten seconds drenching him through. “And what good would that do now, asshole? I look like I just took a swim in the fucking ocean, you fuckass. Take a hint and leave me the fuck alone.” And with that, Karkat left Dave alone in the doorway and stomped off to his next class. Dave stood under his recently acquired umbrella in the rain, rubbing the back of his neck. “Well. This is gonna be harder than I thought.” **	Karkat was sitting Gamzee's dorm room on his roommate, Tavros's, bed, while Gamzee was making one of his infamous pies. Karkat, still realing about his encounter with Dave, was ranting while Gamzee listened intently. “And he stared at me the whole fucking class like I was some fucking exhibit at the national museum of freaks gone wild. Seriously what was with that prick? And THEN he had the audacity to offer me his fucking umbrella, but since he was such a weirdo douche I couldn’t accept his pathetic attempt at chivalry and had to walk all the way back here in the fucking rain, and get drenched by this torrential down pour. Like. Are you fucking joking? Just when shit couldn’t have gotten worse.” Karkat got up half way through his rant and began pacing the room, Gamzee’s lidded, violet eyes following his movements lazily. “Aw, come one bro, this little mother fucker doesn’t sound all that bad. He’s just all up and getting to know a cute face like yours.” Karkat whirled around to meet his best friend with a glare.“Not that bad? NOT THAT BAD?! Are you fucking deaf as well as high off your mind?!” Gamzee just smiled and stared back at his hot-headed friend. “I think I can hear all up and pretty motherfucking well Karbro.” Karkat groaned and resisted the tempting face palm that he usually required when indulging in conversation with Gamzee. “Well in any case, I’d better get back to my dorm. I’ve got an AP statistics exam I need to study for tomorrow.” Karkat grumbled dejectedly. As he began pulling his shoes on, the oven dinger went off and Gamzee rushed to its door, quickly putting on some oven mitts and pulling out the pie, it’s delicious, pastry scent wafting through the air. “Hold on bro, let me cut you a couple slices of this here miracle before you go. Maybe it will all up