“If lesbians didn’t date their friends’ exes, there’d be no one to date.”

I laughed and then nodded, realization coming over me. “That’s true!” I said. “That’s true for boys, too! There’s only, like, four gay guys in this whole town.”

“Aren’t you bi?”

“What? Oh, yea, I guess.”

She laughed at me and ruffled my hair affectionately.

I found him sitting on an ottoman in front of the fireplace, his beanie in his hand, messing with his hair and glancing at his phone.

“Hey,” I said.

He looked up at me and beamed. “Hey, stranger.”

I sat down beside him, realizing too late that ottoman’s aren’t really built to accommodate multiple passengers.

I told Louis as much.

“Passengers?” he asked, laughing. He rose a brow at me. “A bit tipsy there, Styles?”

“Um, no.” I shook my head. I smiled at him, “Maybe a tiny. Little bit.”

He grinned.

I reached out without quite registering what I was doing and put a hand in his hair.

His eyes widened enormously and he went completely still.

If I’d been sober I’m quite sure that would’ve made me still, as well, and drop my hand immediately. As it was, I raked my fingers through his hair and sighed. “Soft,” I said.

He took a breath in, slow and ragged.

I was lucid enough to know something was off about this situation, so I tried to counter the weirdness with something normal. “How’s uni?” I asked, one finger catching behind his ear as my hand tried to tug at his fringe and slipped.

He shuddered under me, and that made me smile, for some reason totally beyond me.

“Um,” he said, “Uni’s good.” He glanced over at me. A little grin snuck onto his face, even as his eyes remained wide, unsettled. “You already asked me that, Haz.”

“I did?”

“Earlier.”

“Earlier?” I repeated, like this was a completely foreign concept.

He laughed and shook his head. He moved his hand up like he was going to push me away from his hair, then dropped it to his lap and sighed. Resigned.

I frowned. That didn’t seem right.

I dropped my hand of my own accord and straightened my shoulders.

He was stiff beside me, uncomfortable.

“I made you uncomfortable,” I acknowledged.

“No!” he said. “No, Harry, it’s fine.” He smiled at me, then drew his brows together.

“What’s wrong, Lou?” I asked. He shook his head. I tried to think of what could be wrong. Then I said, “You miss Liam?”

“Um,” he said, laughing, an unpleasant laugh, “uh, no, sorry. Not really.”

“Oh.”

He didn’t say anything else, and I didn’t either. We sat there for a while, me confused and him quiet, and then I sighed and said, “Can I touch your hair again?”

His whole body shuddered, abruptly, and he turned to me, his eyes big and confused and something else I didn’t understand. “Yea,” he said, “yea, uh huh. Sure.”

I smiled and did so.

*

He left soon after, Niall finding him asleep on my shoulder and laughing, “Guess I should get this little one home, then, huh?” He shook his head. “Never could hold a drink well.”

I stayed a little while longer to make it look like maybe I had any reason to be at this party besides seeing him. Then I walked home– I lived close by, just a couple streets down. The whole time I kept touching my hair, the ghost of Harry’s hands still burning my scalp. I couldn’t think straight, couldn’t gather my thoughts into anything coherent, and I’d barely finished a single cup of egg nog.

It felt like I’d made the whole thing up. But maybe it just wasn’t that big of a deal. Harry was drunk. Maybe he was just an affectionate drunk, a touchy drunk. I wouldn’t know. Liam and I had never been the party-attending type of couple.

I groaned and ran a hand through my hair right where Harry had as I turned up my driveway. When I closed the front door behind me, Lottie looked up at me from her spot on the living room couch. She rose a brow at me. “You’re home early.”

“It’s not that early.”

“It’s not that late.”

I ignored her and went up the stairs to my room. I fell onto my bed and turned off my phone. Harry might drunk-text me. That could happen.

I did not foresee myself dealing with