. I know I can. Let me do it.”

“That’s insane Chang; you have no idea what you’re going up against. If 50 trained military men couldn’t extract him what the hell makes you think you can?”

“Because I have gone against Shinigami. I know exactly what he is like.” Wufei’s voice was clear and confident. “Let me do it Yuy.”

Heero stared at him for a long moment before he nodded.“You have 5 hours. If you don’t succeed by then, I will have no choice but to bomb the base.”Wufei felt a sigh of relief try and break through but he stubbornly stamped it down. He hadn’t succeeded yet. “Very well Chang out.”

“Wufei wait.”

Wufei hesitated, his hand on the power button on the com. He looked back to Heero.

“Bring him back. Bring him back Wufei. I don’t want to kill my best friend and his lover.” Heero eyes were full of pain. “If you can’t do it I’ll have to bomb the base even if you are still in it.”

Wufei could feel the hurt and pain from what Heero said. He closed his eyes at the sudden stab in his heart. “I will succeed.” He whispered.

“I hope you do. Yuy out.” Those were the last words as the vid went black. Wufei stared at it.

“So do I.”

 

Well there you have it. Please don’t be mad at me for what Heero has to do. I guess now would be the time to tell y’all that this is a TWT because I have no clue where this takes place in the actual series. My best guess is before Endless Waltz, and that’s about it. So if you wouldn’t mind please be kind, and rewind… Lol sorry I couldn’t help that. Does anyone else remember those little stickers on video tapes from the rental places?

Disclaimer: Do to a failed attempt at spell casting I now own an evil horny Duo that can fly. He delights in reminding me that I in fact could not capture the REAL Gundam Wing characters, no matter what spell I tried. So no I do not own Gundam Wing, and there for don’t make any money from it. Damn spells. Doesn’t help that I was aiming for Wufei.

I am dedicating this chapter to In2lalaland who made my day the best day I've had in a long time because of the story she wrote. It made me smile, daw, and cry at the beautiful way it was written. So thank you Lala. Without you and Syn I would of been able to write any fan fictions let alone post them.

 

Ok first off sorry about the long absence. I’ve been going through some reorganizing of my life and needed some time to find myself. But now Pixie Duo and I have reached an understanding. That being as long as im writing he wont try and kill me... Now that I think about it, that is exactly what we were doing before! Duo! looks around frantically screaming his name, hearing nothing but his laughter* Well shit. Oh well I suppose you cant really argue with your muses can you? They always win in the end. But I am truly sorry for not posting till now. Now that bit of business is out of the way. I would like to point out that these next few chapters are gonna be a bit... odd. Ok to be bluntly obvious I am going off any and all standard English Writing rules. I’m using two if not more types of POVs . I apologize for any confusion that this may cause. I’m hoping that the way I wrote it is easily comprehended. PLEASE tell me if you cant understand this. I will do my best to fix it. So without further ado...

 

 

Shinigami's POV

 

They are watching me. I can feel it. Everywhere I turn I can feel their stares. Stupid humans. They think they are so smart. Peh. They got what they deserve. They always do. I cock my head to the side and listen intently. A sound. Hmm. It seems that someone else has dared to try and come after me. I smile brightly. A sight that would of scared the body at my feet to death if they saw it. I laugh to myself. Scared to death. The woman is dead already. Hehehehehe. I crack myself up sometimes.

 

 

Wufei's POV

 

Wufei had arrived a mile out of the base. He had hiked the rest of the way. The entire time his mind formulating and rejecting plans on how to capture Du- no Shinigami. If what Heero said and it is Shinigami then it would be a mistake to go in there expecting to find Duo. A fatal mistake. Even now his blood ran cold at the thought of facing Shinigami alone. He was a deathly being who guarded his own life with an iron fist. Things only happen when he is out, because HE wants them to happened.