saliva? No, it was too much for that, it—

Jesus, it was lube. Jack’s low whine was masked by someone's loud phone conversation and the sounds of the train speeding along the track. He had planned this – this was probably not the first time he did it, either – the hand spread the lube along Jack’s ass, passing over his hole, nearly dipping in. Jack was trembling, and he had to stop himself from spreading his legs further. His body was responding without asking for his opinion. The hand on his dick had reached a steady rhythm, stroking in time with the sway of the train. As the first finger went in, Jack let his eyes flutter closed again, mouth opening slightly, drooling on his scarf. He was sticky all over from sweat and feeling increasingly dizzy.

The man fucked him slow and deep, very obviously preparing him for what was to come next. He had enough lube on his fingers than Jack could feel it dripping down his thighs. The second finger went in smooth, and Jack tried to pretend he was some ex-boyfriend, or at least some fuck in a seedy bar who’d bought him a drink and kissed him roughly on the dancefloor. Closed off from the rest of the train like he was, enveloped in the stranger’s smell, he could almost believe no one else was there.

The train came to a halt and the doors dinged open. Fuck. This was his stop.

The man let go of his dick to hold him closer, and his hand stopped moving, buried deep in Jack’s ass. He felt his panting was going to give them away any second. He didn’t try to run, but the stranger held onto him like he’d just tried to make a break for it – Jack was having trouble breathing, constricted like this. The guy’s fingers moved less than an inch inside his ass and he felt he was going to explode if he had to keep quiet any longer.

As the doors closed and the train lurched into movement again, the stranger relaxed his grip on him a little. His free hand rustled behind Jack, and then it came to the front again, opening Jack’s pants one handed. A third finger went in, moving with purpose again, and he could feel the tip of the man’s erection rubbing against his lower back as he stroked his dick again. He felt close. He was being stretched to the limit, but the guy’s fingers just weren’t reaching deep enough – he pushed back against them, just a little, and the man went harder, but it still wasn’t enough. To Jack’s dismay, he pulled his fingers away, and started jerking himself off, rubbing the tip of his dick against Jack’s back. He realized the angle just wasn’t going to work. The stranger was too tall, towering over even Jack’s already impressive height; no way could he get his cock in with both of them standing against the wall.

That…that was a good thing, right? He was being raped. He didn’t want the man to put his dick in him. He hadn’t asked for any of this.

Jack felt a pipe against his feet. It wasn’t as wide as a step, and it was probably slippery, but it was sturdy, and it’d give him the few inches he needed. He didn’t need. Why was he even considering this? The hand on his dick stroked slow all over his length, reaching the tip, ghosting a thumb over it. He could feel the man’s precum sticking to his back, under his coat. He shivered.

Well, fuck. He’d gotten this far.

His stomach dropping like he was in an elevator in freefall, he climbed on the pipe, shaking. He wasn’t that much taller; he reached about the height of the man’s nose, but it was enough. The stranger chuckled, low and deep, and giving him no chance to change his mind, pulled Jack’s pants down just enough to line the tip of his cock to Jack’s asshole. He nuzzled Jack’s hair, taking a deep whiff. Somehow this made him feel more violated than everything else that had happened so far.

Oh, shit, he was huge. The man slid in in one slow thrust, holding Jack’s hips still. Jack was pretty sure he’d never taken a dick this big, and that was saying something. It was perfect. The stranger stayed still for a second, stroking Jack, before he began to move. The thrusts were short and really, really slow – he realized he was moving in time with the sway of the train, to better hide what he was doing.

The doors opened again, and Jack felt ready to murder someone. They both remained perfectly still as people came and went, Jack braced against the wall, trembling. The car was somehow even more packed than when