Louis realized as he looked at Liam and Harry having a loud conversation downstage. His heart started to beat twice as fast and he allowed himself one small luxury, relying on the shadows between lighting cues to hide him as he rocked his hips up to meet Zayn's fingers.

After the show he'd pulled Zayn aside, face nearly completely pink, and asked him breathlessly if that had just been Zayn acting. Zayn had pulled him aside and kissed him, and that had been reply enough.

 

-

 

"You're a good man."

"I know, I know... come in!"

Louis is not entirely sure he trusts Ben yet and from what he's heard from the other boys they all agree, holding the same reservations themselves. But this is fun, getting to dress up as the sleazy studio exec. Louis is nearly being blinded by the huge LEDs they've got on them for this shot, and this feels incredibly professional. His thoughts are drawn to acting, which leads as per usual to Zayn.

As if on cue (which it had been), the doors open. Zayn nudges his way in, and Louis can't take his eyes off Zayn's hips and eyes and mouth. "One Direction are here to see you." His voice is sweet and high and he sounds a bit like El, on the days when Louis actually likes her instead of just smiling for the cameras.

"Sure, I love the direction," Louis sputters out, and Niall laughs easily, reaching over to shove his arm.

"You missed my line, you prick."

He had, and Louis flushes, fairly embarrassed by his own blunder. Ben calls cut and Niall is giving Louis the most knowing look, but all he can focus on is Zayn and that little smirk he's got underneath his lipstick.

After the full day of shooting his outfit feels less fun and more fucking awful, and he's uncomfortable as hell so he gets makeup to fix him immediately. All the boys do, in fact, Niall making some lecherous joke about leaving in his Harvey outfit but eventually giving it up. The one who stays in his costume the longest is Zayn.

"Imagine if it'd been Liam though," Harry says amidst tears of laughter, and Louis is giggling  as well but he still isn't finding the ability to take his eyes off Zayn in all his glory. "Starring Liam as Veronica Payne."

"Hey, I could have done it!" Liam pouts a little and Harry leans over to pat his cheek.

Zayn says, still speaking in his feminine voice, "Could not. I'm not surrendering this role to anyone. Not even to play Leeroy."

Liam and Harry laugh, and Louis is just smiling softly, which is maybe the reason Niall says, "I've got to take a piss. Liam, Harry, do you two know where the toilets are round here?"

"Sure!" Liam gets up, happy to help as always, and Harry gets to his feet as well, already grinning as he thinks of some dirty joke about the three of them in the bathroom together, Louis is sure.

The three of them exit and suddenly Louis is alone with Zayn, although he's looking less and less like himself and more like Veronica with every moment. He saunters over to Louis, high heels clicking against the tile. His lips are pursed in a small pout and the roof of Louis' mouth is entirely dry.

"I kind of like dressing up," Zayn says, and leans forward. There's no cleavage to be seen but for once in his life Louis isn't finding it hard to keep his eyes in line with a girl's-- since Zayn's eyes are so completely breathtaking. Even more than usual. "Especially when it's for you."

"Are we still acting right now, Malik?" Louis hardly recognizes his own voice, embarrassed at how high-pitched and squeaky it is. Zayn's laugh as he leans to kiss Louis sounds like a tinkling fairy bell, and Louis is bi, bi, bi.

 

-

 


ZAYN DON'T DO THIS TO US WE LOVE YOU SHE JUST LOVES THE FAME



Perrie is a fake bitch! I will CUT A BITCH! >:(




i cant believe this i heard the news before class i'm heartbroken how do my teachers expect me to not cry




THIS BS CANT BE REAL!!! ZIAM FOREVER!!!


He can't read through the entire last tweet in one go, pausing to laugh aloud. "Ziam forever," he concludes, and then bends over to laugh hysterically, tears forming in the corner of his eyes. "You and Liam!"

"I don't love the ones where they're threatening her," Zayn says, although he's laughing too. The engagement was announced just one hour ago, and Twitter's already gone mad. "I mean, this whole thing's not her fault."

"Oh, but they don't know that." Louis' smile is maniacal. "As far as they're aware, Perrie Edwards