you directly in the face with fire extinguisher foam.  And you've never gotten even close to hulking out any of the other times they've done things like that to you either.  Admit it, you love them and you couldn't smash them."

"The Other Guy might not agree," Bruce cautioned.

"The Other Guy is a bigger, angrier you," Tony shot back.  "You love them, so he does too."

"Is there a reason you came down here?" Bruce asked, clearly trying to change the subject.

"Oh yeah . . .dinner's ready.  You've been down here for two days.  You really need to come up and eat."

"Pot . . . Kettle."

"I'm delivering the message for the team.  Speaking of which, we should both get up there before they send Clint through the air ducts to flush us out of the lab."

Bruce sighed, but followed Tony out of the lab.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bruce awoke on the lab floor covered in at least a dozen blankets.  Under the blankets he was naked, and the ache through his body and the destruction around him were enough to tell him why he didn't remember anything after dinner.

"Hey Big Guy," Tony called as he tossed him some clothes.

"Did I hur . . . " Bruce started, but when he saw the frown on Tony's face he paused and said, "what happened?"

"Some guy who thought he was a tech genius sent an army of robots to attack the city," Tony explained.

"Why am I in the lab?"Bruce questioned groggily.

"That's the best part," Tony said with barely contained glee.

Bruce cocked his head and raised an eyebrow, but allowed Tony to continue.

"Not-such-a-genius sent some of his robots to try and hack JARVIS."

"How is that the best part?"

"Let me finish . . . Hulk followed them to the lab, and when one of the bucket of bolts shocked DUM-E for getting in its way, Hulk went berserk.  He herded the kids into a corner and smashed all of the invading robots while yelling at them about not hurting his 'shiny babies.'"

"What?!?" 

"I told you!  He is you.  You love the kids and so does he.  He called them his babies!" Tony gloated.

A couple of despairing beeps echoed across the lab.

"Speaking of . . .the kids love you too.  They were really worried after you de-hulked.  They kept bringing you blankets.  I think they thought you were cold . . . . "

"Is that why it looks like the linen closet threw up on me?"

"Yeah.  After about a dozen blankets I figured that was enough, and you probably wouldn't want to wake up to a bunch of metallic claws in your face, so I sent them all back to their charging stations."

As if on cue, a trio of mechanical whines filled the room.

"DUM-E!  Butterfingers!  You!  Come on," Bruce called.

The three bots hustled over to Bruce as fast as their treads would take them, and immediately began nuzzling him with their pincers.

"See?  They love you!" 

"It's alright," Bruce cooed as he pet the trio of robots.

Tony smiled fondly.  He knew most people considered him weird for calling You, Butterfingers, and DUM-E his kids.  Pepper had always rolled her eyes, and so did the other Avengers.  There were probably even people out there who would think that Tony should be committed because of it.  They would say it was crazy, and that they were just "things," but Tony knew better.  And so did Bruce. 

Watching Bruce treat his mechanical babies like they were his kids too was more than Tony could ever have hoped for.  He knew when he watched Bruce with his boys that he had finally found a kindred spirit; a soulmate even.

"Okay, okay, okay guys.  Daddy Bruce is tired.  You saw that he's okay, now go back to your chargers you overgrown blenders," Tony chuckled as he realized Bruce was falling asleep among the sea of whirring mechanical arms.

"Daddy Bruce?" Bruce questioned wearily from his spot on the floor.

"Oh, come on Banner.  Your greener self called them his babies.  I think it's safe to say the kids have two daddies, and you're one of them," Tony mock scoffed.

"When did we become an old married couple with three large metallic children?" Bruce asked with a half smirk.

"A, we are not old.  At least I'm not . . .so speak for yourself.  B, the kids thing happened the moment you started babying the bots.  I mean you totally spoil them.  And C, we aren't married, but we can fix that if you'd like."

"Did you just propose marriage?"

"Yes?"

"Was that a question?"

"No?  Look, Bruce, we were clearly made for each other .