they don’t know.  It’s all just details.”

“Details.  Exactly.” Jensen replied, leaning in to tip his forehead to meet Misha’s.  He glanced into the other man’s eyes, giggling at the distortion of being at such close range.  “I want you, Mish.  Fuck, do I want you, but I don’t want to make this weird.  First and foremost, you’re my best friend.  Hell, I spend more time with you and Jared than I do anyone else.  You’re already family, man.”

Misha smirked with his perfect gummy smile, relaxing Jensen completely. 

“I know you and that gigantor moose are still gonna make my life living hell,” Misha laughed, rolling his eyes.  “And I wouldn’t have it any other way.”

Jensen gave his friend’s shoulder a solid shove.  “Good to know some things won’t change.”

~*~


Misha and Jensen were thrilled to find the kids all settled for the night and fire blazing in the outdoor pit after a contemplative walk back to the Villa.  The patio umbrellas and nearby trees were strung with white fairy lights, and coloured tiki torches and solar lights decorated the foliage.  Both men smiled at the sight of their loved ones’ infectious laughter as they moved in to join them.  

Vicki was taking a long swig from a bottle of Patron which she passed off to Misha as soon as he settled down beside her.  Jared appeared to be at the punchline of some long-winded joke or story with lots of hand waving – obviously having had a good amount of the bottle contents already as well as more than one of the beers from the cooler at Gen’s feet.  All three girls had clearly been Jared’s intended audience and Gen was rolling her eyes at her husband’s dorky antics.

Misha passed the bottle off to Jensen once he’d had a few good swallows.  It was apparent that they had some catching up to do.  Danneel glanced over at them, a questioning look in her eyes, and Misha just nodded once, imperceptible to anyone else.  Her slight smile showed that she’d understood.

“So, what did we miss?” Misha wondered out loud, grabbing the bottle back from his friend.  “S’mores?  Pole dancing?  Friendly orgy?”

The characteristic Misha comment caused laughter all around the fire pit, so much so that Jared almost slipped out of his chair.

“The kids ate all the marshmallows!” giggled Gen, trying to hoist her giant moose of a man back into his seat before he hurt himself.  “Can’t pole dance.  There’s no pole.”

“Or music,” piped in Vicki. 

Misha glanced over at Jensen, who so far hadn’t said a word since they’d been back.  Hoping he wasn’t making him uncomfortable, he leaned over and handed the bottle back, looking straight into his friend’s eyes.

“How about you grab your guitar, Jen?  It’s too quiet and the ladies want to dance.”

“Not sure I’ve had enough of this to play anything dance-worthy yet,” Jensen replied, holding up the tequila bottle before downing another swig.

“Why don’t you just mess around and see what happens.  We can keep the booze flowing.  There’s plenty apparently.”

While Jensen wandered into the house to dig up his guitar, Vicki hopped up from her patio chair, mischievous excitement written all over her face.  “I managed to procure a little something today that’ll get everybody moving and shaking.”

“Oh my God, Vick!”  Danneel giggled as she pinched the tiny Ziploc baggie of green twisted buds and stems out of her friend’s fingers.  Her eyes lit up at the contents.  “Where did you get this?”

“Same place I got this,” replied Vicki enthusiastically, sporting one of her patented wicked grins, pulling a small ceramic pipe with a well-seasoned bowl out of the pocket of her denim shorts.  “The staff in this fine establishment are incredibly helpful.”

By the time Jensen came back out to the patio, Danneel had already stuffed the pipe with a couple of pinches of the bag contents and was digging in her purse for a lighter.

“I checked on all the kids and they’re all out for the count,” Jensen mumbled, apparently distracted by what his wife was up to.  “Uh, where did we get that?”

Misha was quick to answer, trying to not to let his eagerness show.  “Apparently my darling better half has an in with the staff.  You find a lighter there, Danni?”

“Yeah, all set.  Who’s in?”

Everyone agreed that as long as the kids were all settled, they would all partake in the unexpected treat.  Occasional recreational smoking wasn’t unheard of when they relaxed together as a group, but they hadn’t expected it on this trip.  No one was foolish enough to bring anything across international borders and not knowing anyone posed a problem for buying local.

Misha took a couple of hits off the pipe