Yuki said nothing and sent him his research looks, and Chris taught him and soothed him. Only Miyuki didn't behave as usual. He don't make jokes of him, was not smiling like he knew all in the world and most importantly, he avoided eye contact. Eijun feel with all of this really nasty, but unfortunately he couldn't do anything.

Lessons at school has never been so long. Sawamura really wanted already to go to the Inashiro's game and meet with Mei. As soon as he thought about it, he felt in his stomach crazy herd of butterflies, and at his face appears a smile. He never imagined that the meeting with the enemy off the pitch, may make him so happy.

Finally the moment has come. Main composition of Seidou team went on to a baseball field in the suburbs, where Inashiro was taking the match. When they reached the place, the first inning just started. Sawamura saw him clearly. Mei stood on the pitcher's place. It couldn't be otherwise, after all. The match started with the first ball thrown.

"Strike!" Shouted the referee, and the catcher threw the ball back to Naruymiya.

"Strike!" Another shot ended with complete success.

Eijun watched the blonde with mouth open in awe and admiration. Surprisingly, Mei looked at him, smiled, and winked. Sawamura looked away and scratched the back of his head. He was surprised that Naruymiya as soon had spotted him in the stands but at the same time he was happy because of that. However, not only Sawamura saw blonde's gestures . Miyuki clenched his hands into fists, and he promised himself that after the matches he will count with Mei once and for all.

"Strike! Batter out!" Shouted the referee when another Mei's wild ball hit straight into the catcher's glove.

"Amazing ..." Eijun thought . "Did I ever reach that level?"

The match was one-sided. The Inashiro team didn't allow their opponents get a single point. All of them played great. They seemed to have no weaknesses. They were on the national level. When everything has already over, the Kataoka coach announced the return to the dorm. Everyone went their way back. Everyone except Eijun and Kazuya. The young pitcher said to Haruichi that he must go to the toilet and soon they'll catch up. But truly he went in search of Inashiro's locker room.

He was going to wait until Narumiya comes out . He had to talk to him and he had to do it now. Unfortunately Sawamura didn't know the place a lot and it took some time before he could find what he was looking for. In the end, he walked toward the locker room. He felt that the closer to the meeting with Narumiya, the more he starts to get nervous. His hands were sweaty and his heart was beating really fast. He couldn't catch his breath. He leaned against a nearby building, and was staring at the blue door with an inscription "Inashiro's changing room".

It took a few moments before the Inashiro members began to leave the locker room. Eijun's eyes followed each of them waiting impatiently for Mei. The blonde didn't show for a long time, but finally he came out. Sawamura didn't even take a step in his direction when he saw Miyuki walking straight towards Narumiya. The catcher stood with him face to face and said something that Eijun was not able to hear from such a distance. Mei laughed and made a pleased face. Sawamura didn't hear what they said to each other, but no doubt they were having a fight. Then he noticed that Miyuki clenches his fists. He even have no time to react, and Kazuya already hit Mei in the face with so much strength that the blonde took back a few steps. He grabbed his nose and closed his eyes clearly suffering. Eijun didn't believe his eyes. Narumiya was furious. He jumped to Miyuki and wanted to repay him with the same, but just then Sawamura stood in his way.

"Stop it!" He shouted and increased distancing between them, spreading his hands. He couldn't believe that these two started to hate so much because of him. He wanted undone all of it, but didn't know how. He glanced first at Mei, who gasped and looked at Kazuya as if he were about to kill him. Then he looked at Miyuki, who turned his head and kept his hands in his pockets. "Stop it, please."

The catcher didn't say a word. He looked at Eijun in a way as if he really suffered and gone as though nothing had happened. Sawamura wanted to follow him and talk, but Mei put a hand on his shoulder.

"Naruymiya-senpai." The young pitcher turned to the blonde and put a hand to his mouth when he saw that his left cheek is all red and swollen. "Quick, we have to cure it"

"It's nothing. I'll be fine."

"Don't