s chest and Jared gets the message. He lets go of Jensen and steps back, giving him his space.

“Are you all right?” Jared asks.

Jensen nods. He reaches for Misha and grasps his shoulder. “Thank you,” he says.

“You’re welcome,” Misha says and fades into the background.

Jared swallows, his throat rippling. ‘They didn’t…?”

Jensen shakes his head. “You got here in time.”

Jensen feels sick. Mostly because there’s a part of him that’s wishing he’d just let it happen. Because it’s going to. It’s inevitable. And in some ways he just wants to get it over with so that the worst has happened and it’s not an unknown any more. On the other hand, he really doesn’t want it to happen. The thought that he might do certain things with Jared for fun, is a good one. They thought that he might be forced to do certain things with other people is a bad one. So…it’s not the things, per se, that he has a problem with. It’s the lack of choice.  His status means that he no longer has any right to make decisions about his own body. Jensen frowns. That’s not exactly true. He could decide to have sex with Jared and that would be his own choice, freely made. He just won’t always have a choice.

“Jensen? Are you sure you’re not hurt?”

Jared’s eyes are big and liquid and he looks like he needs to hug Jensen again. Jensen moves into his space and Jared’s arms come up and wrap around him.

“I’m not hurt,” he says. “Just thinking.”

“They’ll be punished,” Jared says. “Marcus won’t let them get away with this.”

Jensen snorts. “It would be a different story if they were patricians and they’d paid Marcus for me.”

Jared’s eyes become even more sorrowful. “I know,” he says and hugs Jensen even more tightly.

“C’mon,” Jensen says. “Let’s go home.”

--

After supper that night they’re all taken into the main training arena, where there are two A-Frames set up. Brunus and Benito are led out naked and they are each tied face-first to one of the A-Frames.

The Lanista gives them all a short lecture about in-fighting among the familia of the Ludus being unacceptable and then the punishment begins.

As floggings go, it isn’t a bad one. By the time it’s done their buttocks, thighs, and shoulders are red and welted and blood is beading in some areas, but they’ll be healed in a week. Which is just as well, because the Games start in eight days. Until then, Brunus and Benito will be confined to their cell, which is a punishment in itself because they’ll miss a week of training right before the Games, which is both bad for conditioning and also means they’ll slip in the Ludus’s rankings. The lower a gladiator is ranked; the less valuable they are; the less likely they are to survive the fights that are chosen for them.

So Jensen is satisfied with the punishment handed out to his would-be rapists. He heads back to his cell determined to put the whole thing behind him.

Jensen trains hard over the next few days and cements his position as Secundus Palus.  Life is more pleasant when he doesn’t have to look over his shoulder for Brunus or Benito too. And their flogging seems to have deterred anyone else who may have been harboring thoughts of touching Jensen without his permission.

It’s a good week and then, suddenly, tomorrow is the final day before the Games. Tomorrow night there will be a big public banquet, the coena libera, which Jared has been talking about for days, because there will be both meat and wine provided.

“I miss meat so much,” he grumbles to Jensen as they get into bed. “Back home we hunted regularly and had meat at least once a week. Sometimes Mama ground the meat and wrapped it in kiseli kupus,” Jared sighs. “Ah, sarma, how I miss you.”

“Who is Sarma?” Jensen asks.

Jared chuckles. “Not who, what. It is a dish from my homeland made with ground meat and sour cabbage leaves.”

Jensen wrinkles his nose.

“No, it’s good,” Jared insists. “Everyone loves sarma.”

“Where are you from?” Jensen asks. Because though Jared has asked him, he has never asked Jared.

“I am of the Breuci tribe. Illyrian. My people lived in the Sava Valley. Some of them may still live there.”

“Rome conquered you in war?”

Jared nods. “Several times. We are a proud people. We tend to revolt. This last time, though, Rome’s victory was…decisive.”

“And you were taken as a prisoner