.) Generally speaking, it is much easier to get accepted for summer terms because less high school seniors apply for them. Many students bank on this strategy to get into more competitive schools. If you apply for fall, most universities automatically consider you for the summer term too.

About dorms-- while some schools have more progressive, trans-friendly housing policies, the majority of U.S. universities room trans students in a room/floor that reflects their legal sex. Unfortunately, having your sex changed legally is much more difficult than a name change. Many states require you to have undergone sex reassignment surgery, something that is unaffordable for most college-age trans folk-- not to mention not something that every trans person even wants.

Can you believe I originally intended Part Two to be one chapter?! What was I thinking?! I hope y'all enjoyed the final segment of Part Two. And, uh, I'm sorry about that ending.

Follow me on tumblr (zhedang) or twitter (zhe1dang3) for fic news. I may be going on a semi-hiatus from fic writing for a while due to my health, so if that happens I'll let people know through those channels.

in which people live, people die, nothing much changes, everything changes

I said last time that I might be going on a break, but apparently that was a lie. An outrageous lie because I'm pretty sure this is the fastest I've updated so far for this fic, haha. Enjoy this monster chapter.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


PART THREE (1/3)


The apartment was one bedroom and one bath, with a separate kitchen. Oscar was sure that the landlord had told him the exact square footage at some point, but he could no longer recall. He’d picked this apartment because it was reasonably close to work and seemed clean enough. When he’d first moved in, the space seemed tight compared to living at his mother’s house, but he’d gotten used to it before long.

Now the apartment was wide and spacious. Empty.  All of his furniture was still there, all of his stuff, but it wasn’t nearly enough to fill the gaping hole.

In the mornings, he couldn’t wait to leave and go to work. At night, he turned the television’s volume up high and pretended that the people talking on the screen knew his name. When they glanced into the camera, he stared back and imagined they could see him too, if only they would look at the camera a few moments longer.

He tried not to think of Levi. Apparently, Levi did the same.

“No cheerleader this season?” Vivian called out as she threw to him.

Oscar caught the baseball in his glove, relishing the familiar sting of its impact, and threw it back in a smooth, mindless motion. “What?”

“Where’s your roommate?” she clarified, tossing again.

“He’s at college.” And probably not in the mood to root for me even if he was here, he added to himself.

“Ah. Is that why you’ve been so down in the dumps lately? Lonely?” Oscar shrugged, exaggerating the motion so she would be able to see it from where she was standing. Vivian caught the ball and then paused to wipe some sweat from her forehead before it ran into her eyes. “You know what would cheer you up?” she said.

Oscar examined her cautiously, squinting to see her face better through the direct sunlight. He was certain that she wasn’t about to ask him on another date— they’d both agreed they made better friends—but he couldn’t help feeling a bit paranoid. It seemed like recently he’d been exceptionally dull when it came to romantic cues. “What?”

“My cat had kittens. You should come over and see them.” She resumed her throwing stance and flung the ball to him. “They’re really cute.”

Oscar didn’t get a chance to reply because the warm-up ended and it was time for the coin toss. Their team wound up on the offensive, so he waited until they were in the dugout to ask, “This is just a ploy to get me to fall in love with one of them and take it home with me, isn’t it?”

Vivian chuckled, wiggling her fingers into batting gloves. “Yeah, and? A cat is better company than no company.”

Oscar grunted noncommittally. “I don’t know. I’ve never had a cat before.” Hell, he’d never owned a pet more challenging than a beta fish. And didn’t cats need attention and affection? He didn’t know if he had any to spare. Summer was usually the best time of year for him mentally and emotionally, but this one felt more like a winter. It didn’t seem fair to subject a cat to his dubious care when, honestly, he was struggling to handle himself.  

As though she could sense