one of the only people who knew how to decipher his handwriting.

Iwaizumi debated with himself, then answered, “Ah, a guy I know in another department. I wouldn’t say ‘friend’ but…”

“Oh,” Kyoutani gave the slightest show of distaste by furrowing his brow, “that swooshy hair guy who was running around campus all week asking about you?”

Iwaizumi choked, crumpling up his paper. “You never mentioned that!”

Kyoutani shrugged in that obvious ‘I didn’t realise I was supposed to’ way. “I wasn’t sure he was talking about you.” He gave Iwaizumi A Look, adding, “I didn’t know you knew guys like that.”

“Like I said, not a friend .” Iwaizumi grumbled. As reinforcement, he added, “We’d only met once.”

“Oh.” Please don’t ask how. “Why was he looking for you then?”

Iwaizumi rested his face on the desk, enjoying the cool feel of it against his burning cheeks.

“I don’t know. Because he’s a weirdo?”

-

Oikawa snickered as he looked at the picture. The upper left corner of Iwa-chan’s face had been caught, and he spied the tips of a pair of bunny ears the stoic man had thrown up. The faces of the other two were nothing special, and he felt a kind of smugness. So that was his competition, huh?

“They’re the guys you’re bringing?” The girl beside him asked. He smiled, snapping his phone closed and sliding it into his back pocket. She had a look on her face that was too innocent. Wrapping an arm around her shoulder, Oikawa smiled.

“It’s fine. They’re fun guys, despite how they look,” he lied easily.

Oikawa loved girls. Girls with long hair, short hair, dyed hair, natural hair. Big eyes and lazy, narrowed eyes. Glasses, no glasses. Short enough that he could see the whorl on top of their head when he stood beside them, or so tall he could see up their nostrils. There was no such thing as a girl who wasn’t cute to him, but at the end of the day, the cutest type of girl was a girl in love. Lots of girls loved Oikawa, and they were all adorable, and sometimes he met girls that liked someone else (and it wasn’t that he actively triedto switch their attentions, it was just that he had the kind of charisma that drew people to him), and they were cute too. Girls in love, with pink cheeks who fidgeted out all their nervous tics and got distracted in conversations because all they could think about was the person that made their heart race. Aaaah, just let him drown in those lovestruck gazes.

Oikawa was loved by lots of girls, and loved love, but he’d never been in love. The closest he’d come is hate, he supposed. Or volleyball. He whistled to himself, leading the girl into their classroom. He’d dated girls before and really thought he’d loved them, but it always ended with them saying something about how they didn’t really feel like he loved them. “You treasure me like I’m a precious object, but you don’t really love me like I’m a person.” One of his first exes had told him. He didn’t really understand what she was talking about then and he didn’t understand it now, but when he’d had his arm stuck in that vending machine with people ignoring him or, in the case of a few guys, throwing him smug looks, and Iwa-chan had appeared around the corner, presented by a trumpeting of cherubs’ trumpets and a burning corona of kindness beating behind his scowling head (admittedly, by that point Oikawa was near-delirious with boredom and may have added a few embellishments to the memory since then), Oikawa had been struck by a thought; Aaah, something like this could be love. 

Or desperation, in retrospect.

We're Back! A Volleyball Story: I died a horrible alcohol induced death over the holiday season, but I've been resurrected by the power of anime boys and finally slammed out the chapter where Shit Really Gets Going. Screams, look at all those kudos and bookmarks, oh my god, you're angels, thank you for humouring me. That being said, roughly 60% of this chapter was written while I was skunk drunk, so please. Please don't judge me too harshly. Also, sorry.

As always, special thanks to my bud Ryan for providing a blazing chapter title, and also TAKE. A. LOOK. AT. THIS. Dani is a devil and a saint and you should all send her thank yous for making me want to write all the most horrible cracky things just so I can cackle as she's forced to illustrate it.


The world was spinning around Iwaizumi in the most spectacular, sparkling kind of way. It took a great deal