eyes looking at her companion earnestly- "It's not an invalid request. It appeases the council when powerful bloodlines are paired off to ensure its survival, especially one as famous and endangered as the Uzumaki Clan. Furthermore, most of the Hokages were married and it was a sign of their loyalty as they brought forth the future generation."

"I understand the need to pass on the Hi no Ishi." Naruto grounded out. "But I'm just frustrated, 'ttebane. I hate the fact that they tossed me a dossier of potential candidates like they are slabs of fresh meat in the butcher's market. They didn't even consult my advisors about it."

"But it's not confirmed. The council understands your hesitation. You are young and in your prime," Hinata chided. "However, we are at a rare stage of peace with the alliance established and there is no better time to begin since the dust of the War has finally settled. You still have time to find your partner and choices to choose from. As long as the person is loyal to the Village and a respectable Shinobi, they will respect your decision."

Hyūga Hinata allowed her words to sink in as she steeped another cup of tea for both of them. "And at least you have a choice." She murmured, her ebony braided hair shifting.

"Hinata-chan, if you don't want to follow your clan's traditions, you don't have to." The Hokage affirmed lowly. "No matter whatever endeavour you take I will support you no matter what, even if it means reforming your clan. If you hate the marriage, I'll find ways for you to get around it. If your husband is a teme, I'll kick him into next year."

The dark-haired beauty's heart warmed at her words, a smile gracing her lips. Alas, she shook her head. "My partner must come from the branch house to break the Caged Bird Curse Seal. I promised Neji-niisama that I would break the segregation that has plagued our clan, bounding slaves to master. Everything is just beginning: I refuse to allow my selfish whims to deter me. It's for the sake of the future generation, for our little Kings and Queens."

Her hands tremble in anger. "I don't ever want my children believing that they are superior to their cousins. I don't want the future generation to be blinded by discrimination despite having the all-seeing eyes." She clenched her fists. "I used to believe that someone would come to change the clan because I was weak. But for my clan," she spoke with fierce devotion, her Byakugan eyes involuntarily flaring, "I will change it with my own hands. I will stomp the adversity with my own feet."

Naruto laughed breathily, reaching forward to hold Hinata's hand. "And I'll always be right next to you as you purge that ugly seal into non-existence." Her smile was deliciously sweet and mischievous. "Hinata-chan, if I was a male, I would have married you in a heartbeat. You are so breathtaking and strong and I'd be the luckiest man on Earth if I was given the honour."

Hinata giggled. "You jest, Hokage-sama."

She retracted her hands and puffed out her chest. "The Rokudaime Hokage, jest?" She scoffed, feigning hurt. "I would never."

The matriarch of the Hyūga Clan resisted rolling her eyes, remembering the time she called Code Orange because she was peeved that some Shinobi was not taking their duties seriously. "So who were your possible candidates?"

"Lee was one of them."

The lilac-eyed kunoichi paused, her snack halted at mid-consumption. "The council are lacking in taste, aren't they?"

The blonde jinchūriki snorted. "No kidding."

"Who else?"

"Shikamaru."

Another asinine choice. "I heard he is quite smitten by Temari-san."

"Exactly. Even Bee knows it and he's from Kumo and he's not exactly the brightest crayon in the box."

Hinata sighed, her approbation of the council plunging while she prepared another cup of tea to soothe her nerves, toying with her porcelain cup. "I pray that the next choice is decent."

"They recommended Kakashi as well," Naruto mentioned casually.

Her posture became rigid as her mind cried out in relief. Finally. Maybe she didn't have to transplant her eyes in one of the council members after all.

"Et to…. Hinata-chan?" Naruto called out anxiously.

A saccharine smile appeared on her face. "Yes, Naru-chan?"

"Your tea…?"

The Hyūga heiress coughed, pouring away the ruined tea in the small drain and waving off her mistake. "A small mishap. Is Kakashi-san a viable choice to you?"

The Hokage scrunched her nose. "He's a close friend and my sensei."

"And you never considered him as anything else?"

"How else should I consider him then?" She asked incredulously.