Here, come on,” he said, tugging on Levi’s arm until Levi followed him further up the beach to where the waves wouldn’t reach. He squatted, pulling Levi down with him, and set the shell on the sand. “Maybe it’ll come back out,” he muttered.

With Eren’s eyes trained on the shell, Levi took the opportunity to study Eren’s face. His nose and cheeks were flushed from the cold breeze blowing in from the ocean, though the temperature didn’t seem to bother him like it did everyone else. His hair was not immune to the breeze though; it stood up in complete disarray, as though he had just risen from sleep. Eren bit his chapped bottom lip and Levi’s focus zeroed in on the tiny movement.

“Ah!” Eren said suddenly, body tensing. It startled Levi a bit, but he concealed the minor fright with a slow blink. “Look, see?”

Levi wrenched his gaze from Eren’s face to the shell and was surprised to see it was crawling along the sand. “What the fuck?”

“Right?” Eren shifted his squat to kneel on all fours, crouching low to the sand to get eye level with the shell. “There’s this little animal inside that looks kind of like a spider.”

A spider? Levi bent low too and sure enough, there was a reddish creature inside the shell with several legs of various sizes. “That’s fucking weird, Eren.”

Eren looked up at him and smiled that devastating grin. “But it’s amazing, right? I wonder what kind of stuff is deep down in the water where we can’t see,” he said, nodding towards the ocean.

Levi glanced at the endless expanse of water. “Could be anything,” he agreed.

Eren stood up, brushing sand from his rolled up pants. “You were standing out there for a long time,” he said. “Isn’t the water freezing for you? Even Connie hopped out after about a minute.”

Levi stood too and shrugged. “Got used to it. Besides, I didn’t dive all the way in like he did.”

Eren glanced down at Levi’s pale legs. “It doesn’t bother your ankle?”

“Made it feel better, actually,” Levi admitted.

“Really?”

So Eren rolled his pants up higher and joined Levi in walking along the shallows, occasionally splashing water with an almost child-like glee.

Levi had never liked killing. There had been no joy in slicing Titans, not even pleasure at a job well done. When the war had already ended, all he’d felt was bone-deep exhaustion and sorrow at what a cost their victory had come to.

Walking up and down the beach with Eren, so close that their arms and hands brushed every few steps, he felt a glimmer of happiness about his role as a soldier for the first time—an odd gladness that he’d helped shape a world free of Titans. A world where Eren looked down at him, salty sea breeze ruffling his hair, and smiled.

Fuck, he had it bad.

4

“Captain,” Eren said, quietly so he wouldn’t startle Levi’s horse. Levi glanced up from picking her last hoof clean to see Eren approaching with slow, measured steps. He didn’t really need to bother. Levi rode this particular mare through two years of Titan battles; she did not spook easily and she was nearly as accustomed to Eren as she was to Levi. “What is it?”

“I’ll wait,” Eren said. “Unless you want help?”

“Nearly done.” He pried the final pebble loose, checked the hoof and shoe for damage, and allowed the mare to lower her foot to the ground again. She made a soft huff and he stroked her flank a few times, murmuring that she’d done a good job, before finally turning to face Eren properly. He had one hand tucked behind his back and Levi raised an eyebrow. “So?” he prompted.

Eren withdrew his hidden hand and presented Levi with three flowers. “Look. Mikasa noticed them. From far away, they just look kind of purple, but if you get closer…” He gently tapped a single large petal. “The ends are black! And the middle where the… I forgot what Armin called it, but anyway, the middle is bright red! Have you ever seen a flower like that?”

Levi had to admit that he had not, although he usually didn’t pay much attention to flowers. These were nice though, despite the fact that it seemed too cold for any flowers this big to still be in bloom. Their colors were interesting and a pleasant fragrance wafted from their heavy petals. “They smell like tea,” he noted.

Eren’s face lit up and Levi’s heart somersaulted. “You think so too? I told Mikasa and Armin that, but they didn’t think so.”

“I’ve drank a fuck-load of tea. That