would have been thinking. It would help if he knew what he was looking for. He smiled. There was no doubt in his mind that it would be an undergarment. Belle liked to torture him and she knew that would be one way to do it.

He first searched his dresser drawers and closet to no avail. That may have been too obvious. He tried the bathroom. Had she left something on a hook or in the vanity? Nothing surfaced. That too may have been too easy. Then it dawned on him. Maybe she left something in the nightstand on her side of the bed. Her side… he liked saying that to himself. He walked over and opened the drawer. It was empty. Then he saw it. He wasn't sure why she would have removed the ring that she always wore, but it was sitting on top of the nightstand. That couldn't be what she had left for him. Could it?

He picked it up and studied it. It had a light blue stone that reminded him of her eyes. He tentatively slipped it on his pinky finger. He was surprised that it fit. He was also surprised that it made him feel connected to her. He wondered if she felt that way wearing his ring. He'd keep it on until she returned. He liked how it made him feel.

He knew the ring couldn't be what she was referring to. She'd made it pretty clear to him that this item of hers would spark his sexual desire. He knew her too well to think otherwise. She liked being naughty.

He pulled the sheet down on the bed thinking she'd left something there. Nothing. Then he chuckled. His darling Belle. He knew exactly where she had hidden it. He grabbed her pillow, the one that he'd been snuggling with the night before. He reached into the pillowcase and pulled out her panties. They were silky and white and the softness of the fabric between his fingers made his cock stir. He sniffed them and his cock began to stiffen. The scent of her arousal was on them. She was being naughty even from a distance.

Gold placed the panties in the drawer of his nightstand. They were already doing things to him that he wanted to avoid. It would be better for him if they were tucked safely away until tomorrow night. Just as he was about to close the drawer, he noticed the glittery gold condoms. He remembered what Belle had said about wanting to make use of them. He decided to put them in her nightstand. He was sure she'd put them to good use. Something else to look forward to with Mrs. Gold. He twisted Belle's ring on his finger as he thought it. Maybe she had left the ring for him. It was certainly reminding him of her.

It was getting late and he was feeling tired in a good way. His separation from Belle was making him appreciate her all the more. He decided to lie down on the bed and think about her. He played with the ring on his finger until he fell asleep. He woke up hours later to find himself once again wrapped around her pillow and uncomfortably aware of a rather demanding erection. It was obvious to him that he'd been dreaming about Belle. His fingers went to her ring. Feeling it there on his finger somehow soothed him, though it did little to ease his arousal.

The sudden ringing of the phone startled him. It was Belle. His heart leapt into his throat. Why would she be calling so early unless something was wrong?

"Hi, sweetheart. Is everything OK?" He tried to keep the panic out of his voice.

"I'm fine, Rum. I had a feeling you'd think something was wrong if I called so early."

His heart settled but continued to beat rapidly.

"I called because I missed you and wanted to catch you before you went to work."

He leaned back against the pillows. "I'm glad you called. I was just thinking about you." He noted that his erection had completely deflated. He chuckled. It usually had the opposite effect when he heard her voice.

Belle giggled. "You sound happy. Did you have a good night?" Something in her tone made him know that she was fishing.

"Yes, darling… very good. I found the item you left for me."

"Just one item?" Her voice was teasing.

Gold was surprised. So she had left the ring on purpose. He rubbed it with his thumb. "Well, actually two…" He was wondering if she was trying to be naughty at this early hour. "I found a very welcome little surprise in your pillowcase." His cock stirred noticeably.

"That one's for tonight. I hope you like it."

Gold chuckled. "I liked it so much that I had to lock it away."

She giggled. "I was hoping it would have that effect. Just make sure you have it handy tonight."

His cock was on its way to tenting his boxers.