face into his hands and mumbled something about not being related to his embarrassment of a twin brother.

“You know, I can’t say I’ve ever met someone so eager to get into my handcuffs,” Arthur replied with a good-natured grin.

“It’s not your handcuffs I want to get—” the rest of Alfred’s answer turned into a mumble as Matthew covered his mouth with the palm of his hand.

“Please shut up,” Matthew begged.

Arthur tipped his police cap at the group of quiet partiers. “Thank you for being considerate of the neighbors,” he said, before making his way back down the stairs.

Seeing the lust of his life get away, Alfred broke free of his brother’s grasp and drunkenly stumbled after him. “Wait! I’ve still got to invite you to coffee and donuts!” he cried, nearly tripping over his own feet as he rushed down the stairs.

“That’s a nice offer,” Arthur replied. “You should have started with that one.”

“Really? You’ll go out with me?” Alfred asked excitedly.

“No. I’m on duty and you’re drunk.”

“I’m not drunk,” Alfred protested.

“You’ve just spent the past ten minutes completely oblivious to the fact that I am actually a constable,” Arthur replied. “You’re either an idiot or very drunk.”

“He’s both!” someone shouted from the top of the staircase.

Arthur snorted. “Well, that would explain a lot.”

“You’re not staying?” Alfred asked.

“No, I already have more calls to respond to.”

“Oh.” He was being ditched in favor of other parties. Even the copious amounts of alcohol flowing through his veins wasn’t enough to warm Alfred as he thought about his cold bed. “Don’t you wanna arrest me for drinkin’ underage?” he suggested hopefully.

“Really?” Arthur looked surprised. “How old are you?”

“Nineteen.”

Arthur’s look of surprise turned to one of relief. “This is England. You’re not underage here.”

“Oh, thas right. Man, I love England!” Alfred shouted as he hugged the surprised constable, nearly knocking them both over in his enthusiasm.

“Yes, yes, it’s a great country,” Arthur agreed as he steadied himself and then gently pushed Alfred away. “Now, go to bed, you’re drunk.”

“Right. Nighty-night!” Alfred cried, waving one hand goodbye as he hid the other behind his back. He grinned happily as he watched the sexy cop walk down the sidewalk. He hated to see Arthur leave, but he loved to watch him go.

Alfred found the party much quieter and more subdued after he climbed up the stairs to the living room. His brother gave him a particularly exasperated look and shook his head. “Is the cop gone?” he asked.

“Don’ worry, he’ll come back,” Alfred declared.

“No, he won’t,” Matthew insisted.

“Yeah, he will.” Alfred grinned and showed off his shiny prize. “I got his handcuffs!”

Alfred woke up Halloween afternoon with a pounding headache and a vague sense that he had done something stupid the night before.

Squinting in the bright light, he glanced around his bedroom and tried to piece his fragmented memories together. He remembered propositioning an entire house full of hot guys, but he had woken up alone. There was no one else in his bed and the only discarded clothing on the floor was his chaps, vest, and cowboy hat.

Wincing as he lifted himself onto his elbows, Alfred saw a glass of water on his nightstand and chugged it down greedily. That told him it was Matthew who had helped him into bed. His other friends weren’t quite so considerate. Matt had even left a note:

I have to go to work. Call me if you get arrested.

Alfred gulped. Now he really wondered what had happened the night before. He noticed a glitter of metal hiding under his pillow and blinked in surprise when he pulled out a pair of handcuffs. Vague memories of a sexy cop at the party filtered into his brain.

The handcuffs made an intimidating clink as he set them on his nightstand. These were expensive ‘cuffs, not the usual cheap plastic. That made sense though, because he remembered the sexy cop had a really impressive costume (and a nice ass).

Hoping that some coffee would help refresh his memories, Alfred stumbled down the hallway to the kitchen wearing only his briefs. He poured himself a cup of leftover coffee and heated it in the microwave. It wasn’t Starbucks quality. It wasn’t even McDonald’s quality. But at least it was strong enough to overpower the disgusting taste in his mouth.

After another cup and a piece of toast, he felt almost human. Since his brother had been nice enough to let him host the party, Alfred grabbed a trash bag and began picking up the mess in the living room. There were