important this team was to Allura, how vital it was that Voltron succeeded. Any impairment of that goal must be difficult, and Lance knew it.

Allura took a long breath. Her gaze turned soft, but the determined glint in her eyes never faded. She smiled. “This isn’t your fault, Lance.”

Lance froze, the frown on his face turning confused and panicked. “I-”

“No, please let me speak. Keith, could you write down what I say? I want to be sure he gets it.”

Keith reached for the tablet he had taken to carrying around for Lance. “Uh, sure. Go ahead.”

“This is not your fault, and you have not jeopardized the team. Do you think I am angry? Do you think I am insisting you rest because I am denying the damage you took, or because I pity you? Please do not judge me that way.”

Her face grew sad. “I am the one who should be apologizing. I am sorry if I made it seem that Voltron takes precedence over the health or safety of any of the paladins. Of course I want Voltron to succeed. I want this team to be in top form, and I want to end this horrible war that Zarkon has started. But more important than that, I want to protect you. I want to be a kind and caring ruler, like my father was. You may be the a member of this team, the blue paladin of Voltron and a defender of the universe, but first and foremost you are Lance. And that is who I want to protect.”

Lance stared at the screen as Keith typed, the tense sadness fading from his face as his features slackened. He looked up to Allura, who met his gaze with a strong nod.

Lance sobbed again then, though a choked laugh broke through and a small smile grew on his face. He rolled forward and fell onto her, wrapping his arms around her in a hug. She returned it, coiling her arms around his neck.

“Thank you,” he cried, burying his face into her shoulder.

She leaned against his head. “You will be alright,” she said, strong and clear as ever, with the reassurance that only a princess could bring.__________

Allura left soon after, leaving Lance and Keith sitting side by side in the hallway. Lance had finally calmed down, his breathing regulated and tears drying on his face.

“Want to go sleep?” Keith asked, drawing his fingers down his face.

Lance shook his head, pointing down the hallway and gesturing for food. “I’m hungry after all that. Gonna go get a snack first.”

Keith nodded and pointed to himself. “Want me to come?”

Lance shook his head and smiled. “For once, I think I actually want some quiet and alone time. Didn’t think that was even possible at this point. You’d think I’d be sick of the quiet.”

Keith had agreed, albeit hesitantly, but went to go talk to Shiro some more and get in some training before bed. Lance headed for the kitchens and found himself relieved to find it empty. He rummaged through all the different cupboards and machines, looking for something more comforting than food goo.

Just as he was about to give in and resign himself to a bowl of bland green slime, Hunk strode in the doorway. He gave Lance a small smile and a nod, but didn’t say a word as he turned to the cupboards. Lance recognized a few of the items he pulled out, but couldn’t make out exactly what they were being used for.

Hunk turned to the castle’s equivalent of a stove, where he began mixing ingredients and rolling out others while setting something to simmer in a pan at his side.

Bits of this process seemed familiar. Those ingredients mixed together, the certain measurements, the smell in the air. Hunk had made this a few times before, but it was too complex for casual meals around the castle. This was saved for celebrations and diplomatic meetings, and typically involved crowds of aliens that needed to be impressed.

It was Lance’s favorite dish of Hunk’s, in terms of space food. It was comparable to something as simple as meat, potatoes, and edamame back on Earth, but it required a lot of ingredients and time, both of which were scarce lately. Hunk was definitely not cooking this by chance, unless there was some important meeting he was unaware of. No, his sudden appearance and choice of meal were very deliberate.

Lance debated saying something, debated calling Hunk out on his lack of subtlety, debated asking if Keith had sent him to play babysitter. But the food smelled so good, and Hunk merely looked to him with a shrug and a knowing look before Lance caved.

He grabbed the remaining ingredients for later use and started mixing together a marinade while Hunk turned back to the stove. They worked like that for hours; Lance setting a pot to boil while Hunk chopped something up, or Hunk stirring a mix while Lance peeled vegetables. They