.”

“They get put over the knee of the nearest Admiral and spanked. And we already know that you’re up for that, don’t we, cadet? Slutty little doctor that you are, sending dirty texts to your captain. Is this what you’re secretly hoping for every time you cheek your superiors?” Chris runs a hand down his chest and stomach and then squeezes firmly on his groin. Leonard is already half-hard just from the sound of Chris’s voice. He, like many cadets, may have had a fantasy or three about receiving a private chastisement from the handsome Commandant of Cadets but he’d never expected it to actually happen.

“Phil, strip him.” Having to stay at attention while the Surgeon-General unbuttons his shirt and peels it off his shoulders, unzips his pants and pulls them down over his hardening cock is one of the more mortifying things that has ever happened to him. It is also one of the most arousing.

“Can’t I get some action here?” whines Jim. “Somebody’s mouth on my dick would work.” His dick is indeed waving perkily in the air. Watching his lover being stripped for disciplining seems to inspire him. Leonard makes a mental note to dump Jim on the couch for the next week.

“Shut him up,” orders Chris as he sits down on a footstool that Phil has found. “On your knees, cadet, over my lap.” Leonard is crimson with embarrassment and can’t quite bring himself to move. Phil steps up behind him and puts a warm hand firmly on his abdomen. He speaks softly in Leonard’s ear. “Take a deep breath, Leonard. It’s not a scene. No means no, stop means stop.”

They are all watching him. He tries to think over the rush of blood in his ears. He’s about to become CMO of the flagship. He’s not fucking ready for it. He regularly wakes up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat, knowing he’s not ready. If he can’t bring himself to push past his fear, he’ll never be ready. He steps away from the warmth of Phil’s body and kneels next to Chris, not meeting the man’s eyes as he bends over his lap and presents his ass for a spanking he privately acknowledges he might deserve.

A hand runs gently over his backside. And then suddenly connects with a hard smack. He jumps. A second slap follows. He’d let Jocelyn spank him on occasion but it’s only now dawning on him that a combat-trained man might hit harder. A lot harder. The rhythm is punishing, and disconcerting in its unpredictability.

A muffled protest makes him peer across at Jim out of the corner of his eye. Phil is busy gagging Jim with a tie.

Oh god, they are so out of their depth.

They've taken his doctor away. Jim's not happy.

Jim shifts restlessly on the hard chair. The knots make sure that there isn’t much wriggle-room. And how the hell did the Surgeon-General get this good at tying people up? What do they get up to in the medbay of deep space vessels? Which gets him thinking about what he and Bones may be able to get up to, which leads back to the annoying realization that he is up alright, up and quiveringly hopeful, but getting nothing more than a chilly breeze swirling round his aching cock, while Bones is getting the ride of his life. How the hell did that happen?

The spanking had been disconcertingly inspirational. Bones had squirmed and cursed and flailed and Pike had just kept on smacking. Boyce had lounged on a chair, legs crossed at the ankles, watching as coolly as if reviewing a vid on inter-planetary health protocols. “Enough,” he’d said eventually. “Chris, you’ll give yourself repetitive strain syndrome and try explaining that to your doctor. There are other things you could be doing with that peachy ass.” He’d thrown Pike a tube of lube.

“You do it,” Pike had replied. “My hand needs a rest. I’ll work on shutting up that pouty mouth of his.

Jim had watched, tugging against the ropes, biting down on the damned gag, as Chris had lain back in a pile of pillows and guided Bones’ head into the open V of his legs. Boyce meanwhile had cheerfully stuck two lubed fingers up to the knuckle in that reddened ass, leaving Bones swearing forcefully.

“We’ve better things for you to do with that filthy mouth,” Pike had said, grabbing Bones firmly by the hair and impaling the younger man’s face on his cock. Boyce had moved smoothly in behind, spread the thick thighs, pushed one up to the side, and shoved in hard and deep. The movement had rocked Bones forward onto Pike’s cock and he’d let out a stifled groan of such wanton abandon that Jim could feel himself jerking, leaking precome.

He’d expected