he nodded. “I’m home.” His hand found it’s way into the Hide’s shirt.

“Yeah.” Hide gave him a smile and turned onto his back. He didn’t know how long it had been since these encounters began. He never minded though. This was a way of the other taking care of his hunger for flesh. It was love too, but it was a way for Kaneki to exert the madness inside of him without having to hurt or be hurt to do it. Hands wormed into Hide’s  pants and he closed his eyes as a kiss was planted on his lips. His mouth opened and even though he tasted the metallic taste of blood, he didn’t flinch. It was important to who his lover was that he not react and really, none of what Kaneki was bothered him. He never wanted to be a ghoul. He couldn’t help his needs and he couldn’t help what came naturally to him. Even this, even the way they touched each other, this was only natural. They cared about each other too much not for this to have evolved between them. 

Pinning Hide’s hands down, Kaneki looked into the other’s  face as he pulled his shirt up. His lover showed no fear. In fact he was at peace all most. The smile he had...it said it all. Then he saw the smudges of blood on the other’s face. He saw the smears across his shirt and belly and he knew they couldn’t do this when he was covered in the life blood of another person. Sitting back he tried to hide his guilt. Quickly he disguised it, even as the other sat up and touched a hand to his face. Hide always knew what he was thinking and he tried his best not to worry him. Taking his hand he cocked his head toward the bathroom. “Take a bath with me.” Hide nodded, his hands lifting the shirt above his head. 

 

Kaneki stopped and looked around the apartment just then...He smelled smoke...

 

Water was a universal cleansing agent. It was used for spiritual and physical cleanliness. Now, it was used to clean not only the fluids from his body, but to clean Kaneki’s soul for what he’d done over the last few days. It encouraged him, especially with Hide. His lover didn’t mind. He never minded. And as the water fell over them, Kaneki felt his soul lighten just a little bit. For him, this time with his lover was too brief and always too meaningful for words. Hide knew the weight and burden that his best friend was going through could be shared. More than shared it could be spread between the two of them so the other didn’t feel cornered and alone. Words didn’t have to be exchanged, the only thing that mattered was the way they touched one another until the water ran cold. 

Afterward, they were sitting on Hide’s bed. Hide was eating a sandwich while they played cards. This was the point of the evening where Kaneki skating around the truths of what he was doing in his time away from his lover. Hide, usually did his best to pry whatever out of his friend that he could. He knew though, that when his lover was ready he would simply speak on the subject, even if it took a long time. 

“Gin.” Hide laid out his cards excitedly. “Thats five in a row.” 

The ghoul narrowed his eyes calmly. “Why do I feel like you're cheating?” 

Hide put on his best smile. “Would I do that to you?” he rubbed the back of his neck calmly, before waving a hand at the other.

Kaneki raised one eyebrow. Without meaning to one tentacle of his kagune struck and snatched out a suit of cards from his sleeve. As he took them from the bloody entity, he waved them at his friend. “I knew you were cheating.” He went to collect the cards and begin shuffling again, when he noticed that his friend had gone silent. Looking up, he noticed the way he was staring at the appendage growing from his tailbone. His first reaction was to draw the thing back, to hide it from the one person he hoped would never truly lay eyes on this particular part of his makeup. 

 

He saw smoke for only a second...

 

“Don’t.” Hide reached out, his fingertips not even trembling. He had never seen Kagune up close before. He’d always known that Kaneki had them, but at the same time it was never real, mainly because the white haired man in front of him made sure to keep them away from him at all times. Now, as he set his eyes upon them, he couldn’t help but be curious. His fingers touched the very tip of the tentacle and he smiled as it felt like hardened jelly. It was funny that something like that should be scary. However, he knew that his friend had used it to kill before. That was not a mystery to him. What was really