that eventually their luck would run out.

“And in the ‘verse where you both, miraculously, survive? You’re both miserable, have grown to hate each other in ways you can’t even imagine.”

And maybe he was right about that, because, while Rodney is sometimes baffled and irritated by the existence of John Sheppard, he really can’t imagine hating him even a little.

 

 

“You’re wrong about us, you know,” Rodney said eventually.

Quantum!McKay laughed in dark, mirthless way. “After everything I’ve seen, I assure you, I’m not wrong.”

“We’re not together,” Rodney said. “Not in any fashion. We’re friends, that’s all.”

Quantum!McKay raised his brow in something that resembled surprise. “Then you are an outlier among few. Consider yourself lucky.”

 

 

Rodney didn’t consider himself lucky at all – not in this, anyway. In other things, he was plenty lucky. He was in the lost city of Atlantis. There were dozens, if not hundreds of things that should’ve killed him, but he had miraculously survived. He’d spent most of his life as a social pariah, and despite that and his difficult personality (he was not an idiot, he knew he was hard to get along with), he had friends, good friends who would do anything for him.

If he thought about it, he might have been the luckiest man in two galaxies.

But the most he can say about John Sheppard is that they were best friends. Most days, that was enough, more than he could ask for, but it was hard to count himself as lucky for being one Rodney McKay in a thousand to not have the guy he was in love with.

 

 

“What did he say to you?” Sheppard asked, sitting down across from him in the commissary.

“Hmm?” Rodney asked. He didn’t bother to look up from his tablet.

“It’s been twelve hours since Rod left, and you’re still grumpy. Well, extra grumpy. So what did he say that’s got you in a mood?”

“Nothing. Doesn’t matter.”

“Obviously it does, or it wouldn’t be bothering you.”

“There are no doubt numerous inconsequential things that occupy my mind at any given time, this conversation being one of them,” he snapped, effectively halting any further questions.

 

 

Not that Sheppard wasn’t persistent.

“Come on, Rodney, what’s eating at you?” he asked over lunch. It was late in the afternoon, but the commissary was still fairly crowded.

And Rodney, despite his brain telling him to just let it go, told John everything Quantum!McKay had told him (well, almost everything).

“So, what, it bothers you that in some alternate universe somewhere, you might be a little gay? I never figured you for a bigot.”

Rodney blanched. That was not at all what he meant. And besides, between the two of them, if one was a bigot, surely it was the American military man, not the Canadian. “That’s not what I’m saying.” What exactly was he saying though? “Does it not bother you?”

“What, that John Sheppard is sexually flexible in some universe out there? That’s not a dramatic difference from this universe, Rodney.”

Rodney was glad he was already sitting down, because he was pretty sure that particular revelation would’ve knocked him on his ass. “What?”

And Sheppard, damn him, actually had the audacity to laugh.

“How come you never said anything?” Rodney asked when he found his voice.

John shrugged. “Not something we’re supposed to talk about in the military. Even with the repeal of DADT, it still a touchy subject, and I didn’t feel the need to announce to everyone that, oh, by the way, I like dick. I always figured I was really bad at hiding it anyway.”

“Well, I certainly never realized.” There were countless times Rodney could cite, where Sheppard had been intimate in alien women… but as he ran through a few in his mind, that he may have been a little jaded, and where he saw John getting too cozy with women, it may have actually been women flinging themselves at him, with little reciprocation. Maybe.

“So what’s the big deal? In some alternate universe, we’re a couple-”

“Not just one,” Rodney corrected. “All of them. Apparently. At least, the vast majority of the ones Quantum!McKay has visited. And that’s not the problem, not even slightly.”

“Then what?”

“He said they were all doomed, and that we’re lucky we don’t have each other, like that. Because maybe we’ll survive. But I don’t feel very lucky, because all those other Rodney’s… at least they had some kind of happiness, however short-lived