towards the commotion but no other voice rose to the challenge. Some of the murmurings changed to mutterings about patience and youngsters. You bristle at the second wave of mutterings. Having been looked down upon by slimy relics of board directors, the mutterings stir your ire.

When you look up to chastise those who insulted the younger generation, to hell with them recognizing you, you notice the crowd parting in front of you. It seems that someone is defying all sense and pushing away from the skyscrapers that are the office of many, heading towards the old stadium behind you.

You see her shoving her way through the crowd, her head still turned back for whatever reason. She stands out because of her opposing the tide of flesh and resignation. She stands out because from her dressing, far too warmly that she should be melting, she clearly isn't from around these parts.

She stands out because she stops and stares right into your eyes with electrifying intensity, rooting you to the spot. No one has ever directed a haze of such magnitude towards her.

You have been subjected under a smattering of gazes in your life. The first of many came from the monster that swallowed your mother. He had been contemplating whether to have you as seconds when your father finally arrived home to save you, but too late to rescue the woman who had nurtured you for six short years.

That gaze had been hungry, savage, more akin to a feral beast than an actual human being. Nonetheless, no human could ever perform such a deed in front of a child.

Another gaze you remember is when your father announced his decision not to re-marry in front of the board. By naming you as his heiress afterwards, he had skimmed over many more exprienced and older men qualified for the title of heir.

The gaze came from your father, one filled with pride and promise. He had trained you for more than a decade in all fields; you are more than ready for the job. That gaze fueled you to ensure you will always get gazes like that from your father in the future. The blueprints in your briefcase and your other accomplishments as heiress-in-training are proof of your efforts.

And there were the gazes of greed and jealousy. Greed came from the clients and fawners who thought you more swayable than your father. You taught those people what you thought of their intentions but you have always been distrustful for the past year or two after the endless stream of such people.

Jealousy. You don't go a day without being subjected to gazes of envy. From the board directors, the female workers who wanted to be you, and the men who cast their eyes on you when you are forced to bring a date to your father's various functions. You dearly want all these people to step into your shoes for a day and hope that they will find that your job isn't as heaven-sent as they think it is.

This girl’s gaze, however, displays none of that. Her eyes are a melting pot of emotions. Resignation, determination, surprise, and attraction; these are the ones most prominent in the girl's eyes, flitting in and out like the many business deals you go through everyday.

Resignation. Perhaps it is because it was trying to hide from your gaze that made it stand out even more in this girl’s eyes. You cannot tell what it is but sympathy wells inside you; there were many a time you had resigned yourself to being just your father’s daughter.

Then the determination. That was when you decided to cast off your father’s shadow and work to have yourself recognized. You see the same subsequent determination you get every time after recovering from the resignation of feeling your father’s shadow looming over you. The time for helplessness is long gone.

You glance to your left and right. All you see are people angrily shoving past you. In reality, you have stopped in your tracks to meet the gaze of the dark-skinned beauty in front of you. Then it hits you; the girl’s surprise and attraction were being directed at you.

Something sparks inside you. It definitely has something to do with the girl’s lightning blue eyes. Your own eyes wander down to avoid that penetrating gaze; you do not feel worthy of having such a tender yet passionate gaze being directed at you. As a result, you catch the sight of sleeveless, corded arms and a fitting tank top, displaying a spectacular show of fitness to you.

You take in a breath and she does the same, lean body rising and falling with a little bump. The girl turns her head away, even though you can still spy her cheeks darkening. You hold back. Maybe your own staring has intimidated her?

Your far-fetched guess proves to be right as the girl turns back but not to gaze at you again with those blue, blue eyes but to power her way forwards, crashing into someone a little too hard and bowling over a half dozen people, causing a chain reaction among the crowd within a ten-people radius. Your eyes