mista shot back. this argument was heating up and gio had to get out of the room fast before they might question him on his sex life, and so he bolted to the back door of the hq, escaping into the darkness of the night.

‘sex life.’ he thot to himself. did he even rly have one? i mean soemtimes he got intimate with his padre, that was some real daddy kink if u kno what i mean, but other than tht he rly didnt think too much about it. ‘a sex life, thats what i need in my life to spice things up.’ he sed to himself as he smiled, walking down the bleak streets. but .,..,, he was only 15. he shouldnt be thinking about such obsurd things should he? no. or thats what he thot, before he saw a mysterious chip bag, laying alone in the street. his heart ac
hed.

“chip bag!!!” he screamed as he ran to it, quickly pivking it up off the ground. he looked into the crumbled, stomped on bag. it had been abused. chip abused. what monstr could do this. he shrugged it off and began to slowly push his hand into the crisp bag. he bit his lip.

“fuck im hungry” he sed to himself softlu as he began to withdrawl the chip from the unkown flavourted bag. slowly dragging the chip across his tounge, he knew the bitter, yet sweet taste was foreign to him. as he was about to bite down he had discovered this is not just a chip bag!!!!!!!

THE BAG TRANSFORMED INTO A SLENDER BUT TALL MAN WITH RED HAIR, A NOODLE HANGING IN FRONT OF HIS FACE, DARK SHADES COVERING HIS EYES. it wass…..

“kakyoin!?!?!??!” giorno yelped as he had dropped the chip to the ground. kakyoin gave him a soft smile.

“hey fucker dont waste my cummies” he shot at the golden donut haired boy as he looked to the ground, then to the empty bag on the ground of which he transformed from. the flavour read “cherry cummies”. he knew it tasted odd. giorno did nothing but blush, picking up the cummie chip from the ground, pushing it against his lips once more, making eye contact with noodle boy. he dragged his tongue across the salty but sweet chip, making kakyoin shiver in delight.

“baby thats a turn on” he whispered pulling giorno into his lap softly, watching the younger boy push the whole chip into his mouth.

“o-oooohb giorno i can feel u eating my cummies its almost too good!” he moaned into the night. giorno was afraid they would get caught cause he like 15 and he dont wanna be caught outside after curfew and licking a mans cummies so he silenced kakyo with his mouth giving him a kiss, pushing a ccherry cummi chip in between their lips , the two eating it and it wass rly sloppuy. they kne they ahd 2 be silent so kakyoiun did the dirty deed done for dirt cheap and fuckd giorno in the middle of the street.(a/n: presidnrt funny isnrt here dont worry i hate that shithead hes not allowed in my fanfic)
and the two hornys livef happily every after.
but wait! u thot it was the end of the fanfic but nooO!OO!O!
giorno after being fucked senseless by the chip bag was about to kiss his saviour, kiss kakyo, the man who had spiced up his sex life but then he realized he had turned back ointp a chip bag!!!!! daylight peaked over the horizon as he then realized what was going on. just an ordinary chip bag by day, horny cherry fucker by night. he knew it al too well.

“goodnught sweet prince” giorno whsipered into the chip bag as he gave it a ifnal lick, getting his clothes together running back down the street as he fixed his donut hair, running into the passione hq making sure there was no evidence of his saucy night.

he tried to sneak in but he failed rip.

“giovanni!!!’ he heard his boss yel over to him. he sweated.
“yes blueno>?” he said nervously as his boss pulled him over.
“you didnt sneak out last night and fuck a chip bag did u”
“uh no duh im not tht horny” giorno tried 2 defend himself. he knew his plan would work, his plan of hiding all the evidence, bruno would never be able to figure out he had snuck out 2 fuck cokyoin.
“o rly” bruno said licking his salty cherry cummie face.

HOW COULD HE HAVE BEEN SO STUPID, HE 4GOT TO WASH HIS CLOTHES N HIS FACE OFF AND BRUNO COULD TASTE IF HE WAS LYING HE WAS SURELY DED!! !  ! 1 1 1 1  ! 1 1     OH NO

“this... giorno giovanna… maybe it is the taste of a liar…”
he whispered hotly into his ear.
giorno gulped. he knew he was done for. bruno then pin him against a wall and said
“we might have to get a taste to find out” bruno whisper as he ripped down giornos pantaloos and suckyed his dicky,.  giorno gasped
two boys 1 night? he knew he was the ultimate teenage hoestar