still in shape from playing volleyball...WAIT...He shouldn't even be in this situation right now!

He slid around a corner and kept running. He blamed Oikawa for this damn situation. The setter was his roommate and when his fans found out they were staying together they started making his life hell. It started with death glares and threats in his mail box, shifted to them stalking him and now he has them ambushing and chasing him down. He chanced a glance behind him and saw that the crowd had grown.

 

"Shit!" He sped up and dashed down a stairway and slammed out the door to a courtyard. He quickly cut through it and ran for the science building. He hoped Oikawa was still there, he was the only one that could get him out of this situation. He ran up the stairs leading to the science building, pulled the door open and ran through. He ran up another set of stairs and up a hallway. He glanced behind him again and spotted the crowd coming up the stairs.

 

"Fuck, Fuck, FUCK!" He tried running a bit faster and turned a corner only to slam into a hard body. Strong arms wrapped around him and prevented him from falling.

 

"Oh~? Yama-chan? Why're you running?" A familiar voice asked and he looked up to see the man he'd been searching for.

 

"Ambushed....crowd...chasing me..." He panted.

 

"What?" Oikawa asked just as the crowd came around the corner. There were various squeals of "Tooru~" , "Oikawa-san" and"Ohmygosh!" but there were also various shouts of "You thief!" , "Get off him!" and "He's ours!". He hid his face in Oikawa's chest and clung to him.

 

"What're you ladies up to?" Oikawa asked and Tadashi could hear the irritation despite him sounding cheerful.

 

"O-oh w-we were just asking Yamaguchi to hang with us!" One girl answered nervously.

 

"Oh? Then why is he running away from you?" Oikawa asked.

 

"M-maybe he's n-nervous?" Another girl answered.

 

"You're lying." Oikawa replied with an edge to his voice.

 

"W-what?" Several girls asked.

 

"Fuck Off~" Oikawa said and when Tadashi glanced up he saw that the older man was glaring at the girls despite his cheerful voice. The girls flinched and started walking away, some of them grumbling and he breathed a sigh of relief. 

 

"T-thanks Tooru..." He smiled and moved out of the older mans arms. He jumped in surprise when Oikawa cupped his face and tilted it up.

 

"Are you okay?!" Oikawa asked worriedly.

 

"I'm fine, I'm fine." He blushed.

 

"Are you sure??"

 

"Yes, Tooru, I'm sure." He chuckled and the older man sighed in relief.

 

"That's good, I'm glad!"

 

"I see~..."

 

"Shall we head home Yama-chan?" Oikawa grinned and Tadashi heard that song playing in his head again.

 

"Sure!" He let the song lyrics play through his head as he walked back to his dorm with Oikawa.

 

Later that evening he was sitting at his desk reading when Oikawa tapped his shoulder.

 

"Yama-chan~ I need to talk to you..."

 

He ignored the pounding of his heart and spun in his chair to look up at the brunet. "What's up?"

 

"Um...You d-don't have to say yes but I really wanna tell you this..." Oikawa started nervously while staring at the floor.

 

"What is it?"

 

"I h-have a c-confession..." The brunet peeked at him before looking down again and Tadashi tried ignoring the song that began playing in his head again.

 

"A confession?"

 

Oikawa blushed and nodded. "Yes, a confession."

 

"Okaaay? What're you confessing?"

 

Oikawa answered softly while staring at him. "I like you."

 

He blinked... "Huh?"

 

"I love you Tadashi!" The brunet said louder.

 

He froze and blinked again before shouting... "WHAT?!"

 

The brunet sighed irritably... "I SAID I LIKE YOU YAMA-CHAN!"

 

"M-ME??? B-BUT WHY?"

 

"Who wouldn't like you?" The brunet frowned.

 

"Oh...my...god.... ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod...." He stood and started pacing while mumbling to himself. "He l-loves me... Oikawa Tooru. Loves. ME. Oh. My. God. Ohmygod... HE loves ME! OH. MY. GOD!"

 

"Y-you don't like me? I t-thought you did..." Oikawa asks dejectedly and He whirls to look at him.

 

"No no no no noo!" He rushed to him and grabbed his hands. "I do like you!"

 

"You do?" Oikawa asked, pouting.

 

"I LOVE YOU!" He shouted and their neighbors banged on their wall yelling "Shut up!".

 

"Good~" The brunet smirked and leaned down and kissed him. He froze and