kisses down his face and jaw until Dean’s shoulders slump and his breathing slows. They’ll lay down eventually and Cas will comb his hand through Dean’s hair until he falls back asleep.


Who steals the blankets?


Castiel, on the nights that he needs to recover, is notorious for hogging the blankets. He spreads out over the entire bed, limbs strewn across Dean’s, mouth hanging open to accommodate for the little snores he lets out.

Dean is convinced it isn’t about Castiel having the blankets to himself, it’s about Dean not having them since more often than not, they end up in a heap on the floor next to the bed.


Most sensitive areas?


Cas’ most sensitive area are his shoulder blades and the little dimples on his lower back.

Dean’s weakspots are his earlobes and his neck.


Do they ever trade clothes?


It isn’t so much trading as much as it is Dean being obsessed with how Cas looks in his shirts. They’re a little bit too big for him—loose enough to slip off his shoulder and just long enough so that they barely cover his ass. And those are just when he wears the flannels.

Dean absolutely loses it when he catches Cas walking around the bunker in his band shirts. Especially the Led Zeppelin one because Zeppelin fucking rules.

Needless to say, not a lot of research gets done as long as Cas is strutting around like that. Generally, it ends with Dean’s cup of coffee going cold and Castiel getting fucked against the nearest wall.


Do they ever go swimming together?


During Castiel’s spill as a human, he discovered just how much he enjoys the feeling of water against his skin. Even with his angel mojo back, he takes showers just for the experience alone. Once Dean realized that, he was the one to suggest trying out the swimming pool at one of the motels they were held up.

Cas was a little overwhelmed at first but after a few laps and some encouragement on Dean’s part, the angel was swimming happily in the luke warm water. He ended up on Dean’s shoulders at one point, participating in something called a “chicken fight” with Sam and some other hotel guest that they had met in the lobby earlier and while that was fun, nothing could really top the swimming lesson Dean had given him in the Jacuzzi later that night.


Do they ever cook together?


Dean loves to cook whenever he can. Granted, it isn’t very often but when he does, he always creates some kind of culinary masterpiece.

Castiel, on the other hand, finds a way to burn water. So naturally, when the angel attempted to bake a homemade pie on Dean’s birthday, it resulted in the bunker almost being burned down.

The fact that Castiel had tried was enough to melt Dean’s heart but after seeing the slight disappointment on the angel’s face, he opted to help him out. While Castiel measured, Dean formed the dough for the pie crust. And for the hour that the dough was in the refrigerator, as directed by the recipe, Dean spent his time standing between Castiel’s knees while Cas sat on the counter.

The cherry filling of the pie by itself was much too tart for Castiel but tasting it on Dean’s tongue was just right.


Do they enjoy a good round of truth or dare?


Dean is absolutely shameless when it comes to truth or dare. He’ll answer everything and anything in way more detail than anyone asked for.

Cas thinks Dean always comes up with the best dares too. The best part? Cas will actually do them. Whether it’s 'I dare you to set Internet Explorer as the default browser on Sam's laptop' or 'I dare you to take a selfie wearing the Pope's hat'.

That’s Dean’s lock screen background on his phone, by the way—a picture of Castiel in the fucking Vatican, wearing the fucking mitre and giving the camera a thumbs up.


Do they give each other nicknames?


Dean uses them all: babe, baby, angel, and obviously, Cas.

Castiel tried to mimic the shortening of names thing but “Dee” doesn’t really have the same affect as “Cas”. He usually just sticks with “Dean” but occasionally taps into Jimmy’s archive of pet names. He’s discovered that Dean likes being called “sweetheart” even though he’ll never admit it.


What movies do they enjoy watching most?


Dean has a long list of movies that he intends to show Cas. They have barely made a dent in it so far but he is proud to say that they have gotten through all the Star Wars movies at least. Apparently the hate for Jar Jar Binks transcends beyond humanity.

They’ve recently started watching some old Western flicks too. Dean thinks Cas has a crush on Steve McQueen.


Have they dedicated songs to each other?


They don’t really have any songs dedicated to each other but Dean set Castiel’s ringtone on his phone to Stairway to Heaven