trying to ensure that you and your wife and children live to see the new millennia!” Harry snapped back irritably. “But if you want to perish at Voldemort’s hand, please do be my guest and apparate us out of here as soon as you can.”

There was a moment’s pause and then Sirius had Harry back on his feet and standing in front of him on the loose rock by the quietly trickling stream. The man’s grip on Harry’s upper arms, as he held Harry in place facing him, was just as firm and unyielding as his grip had been around the teen’s middle a moment prior, as he had held off against Harry’s attempts to escape him.

Sirius’s eyes were grave and shimmered a dull gray in the moonlit, as he gazed down at Harry. The spark of optimism and life that Harry had known the man to possess more often than not was nowhere to be found. “Just how crucial is your success tonight?” he asked, the words strained, yet deadly serious.

“Somewhere along the line of hundreds to thousands of lives verses millions of lives,” Harry said, his own face marred with the gravity of the knowledge that he possessed in regard to the possible future that this world would face should he fail in his mission to dismantle the Kill Wards.

“You nearly died back there, Harry,” Sirius said, his voice tight with grief and concern. “For moment…I-I thought that you had. You all but stopped breathing – you do realize that, don’t you?”

“I know what I’m doing, Sirius. Trust me.” Harry forced himself to pull himself together and look as confident as he felt about his capabilities. Sure he was still in a significant amount of pain, felt half-sick, and was shaking with the raw adrenaline pumping through his veins, as his body attempted to combat the onslaught of pain and general unpleasantness assaulting him, but all that had no bearing on what he knew that he was capable of. He just needed a few minutes to get his Occlumency fully in order and he would be good to go another round, so to speak.

Harry had endured and fought actual battles in the other world, when he was in a much worse condition. In fact, with over 250 yards of distance now between him and the edge of the Kill Wards, Harry’s mind felt significantly clearer of the wards’ influence and, with each passing second, the pain from rapidly detaching himself from the Kill Wards was naturally lessening. He, after all, was well practiced at burning magic through his system without doing himself too much lasting damage, as well as well practiced at confronting various strengths of Kill Wards and these Kill Wards had most definitely been much weaker than what he was used to. Their weakness, however, did not at all disappoint him and suited him more than fine, as he was weaker – physically at least – compared to any other time that he’d went up against a set of Kill Wards in the other world.

“I won’t actually be messing around with the wards anymore tonight,” Harry said, upon noting that Sirius didn’t look very convinced of his previous statement. “I promise, Sirius. I’m more than capable of handling getting past the wards without having to expose myself to them again.”

“The only way to get past wards is to go through them or to dismantle them to their very core,” Sirius said knowingly, his gaze accusatory.

Harry grinned at Sirius with mischief, for it had been mischief enabled by the ample use of a certain Marauder’s Map in the other world that had ultimately led him, the Weasley twins, and Bill to coming up with a way to get around the Kill Wards…get around a good majority of wards actually, once they knew where the wards were anchored and plotted out the weakest point for a breach. The wards protecting Hogwarts, for example, currently had seven breaches in their defense, five of which had been purposefully installed by the Founders. “Bypassing wards doesn’t always meaning going through them or dismantling them, Sirius, though with a majority of wards, I do admit, it is often quicker or much safer to do so.”

Sirius raised an inquiring eyebrow, still looking skeptical that Harry’s promise not to mess about with the Kill Wards anymore that night was legitimate, though the strength of his hold on Harry had lessened by a barely noticeable amount of pressure.

“Have you ever wondered why medieval castles were constructed with moats around them?” Harry asked, deciding that reasoning with his godfather with logic and facts would get Sirius’s cooperation faster than just blatantly giving his godfather the solution to the wards and hoping that the man would take his word for it and allow him to get on with doing what had to be done. “You know, back in the days when our existence wasn’t a secret and kings and lords often had a trusted wizard or two on retainer to defend them and their people from the magicals that roamed the lands.”

“They were