in his head.”

“The more I hear the story, the more I don’t believe it, Fukuda.” Kawahara said.

“Yeah, it seemed like some ghost story you see in manga or drama.” Furihata also said.

“Ok, ok, whatever. They say that all they can remember is the boy’s blue hair.”

 “Blue hair…” Kagami recalled the events before, and the boy sitting in the boulder.

– Hello, good afternoon –

The deadpan expression, the distant voice, and how the sounds just became cancelled when that boy started talking...

– Are you also going to feed the fishes? –

And the spreading black pigment-like object arising from the bottom of the lake, as if a dream...

– Why is the water in this lake…very murky today? –

“Kagami? Kagami?” Furihata called out, worried about his friend spacing in one corner, uncharacteristically ignoring his food. Kagami was known for his appetite, after all.

“Ah…sorry, it’s nothing…”



3rd person POV




That’s not true. Not fucking true. And blue hair... it’s definitely very rare, or maybe that dude dyed his hair, but it can be any shade of blue. There’s dark blue, navy blue…light blue…


Kagami scratched his head as he kept thinking about the story Fukuda shared a while ago. The possibility that it might concern that bluehead boy he saw in the lake scared him, but he could not bring himself to believe. However, when he recalled that scene about the dark water in the lake, he thought, maybe it was true.

No, no, no. He kept telling himself.

It had only been about half an hour since they left the cafeteria and went separate ways. Kagami had no more classes, and decided to go home. It was still early, around 3pm, but maybe he could play a little bit in the street courts.

And unfortunately, his path towards his apartment meant that he had to go across the Math building. Which also meant that he needed to pass by the lake.

He sighed. What a day.

As he stepped inside the park, he could feel that the atmosphere of the surrounding had changed. It was like everything became quiet once again. The noisy background from the adjacent buildings was reduced to silence, and even the sound of wind or the chirping of birds vanished.

His line of sight unconsciously followed the lake. And so his feet.

He came closer and closer. He was conscious. He knew he was going towards the lake. Yet, he could not fight it, nor he had the will to even struggle. As if he was hypnotized.

The bluehead was again sitting in the same boulder just like this morning. He looked at Kagami with the usual deadpan look, and greeted him with monotone voice.

By the time he heard the voice, he became aware of his location, and his condition. He was standing a meter away from the bluehead, and his shoes were slightly dirty from the muddy path.

- You really like going in here, don’t you, Kagami-kun? –

Kuroko was once again throwing pebbles in the lake. And the ripples were created when those pebbles touched the lake. Pebble after pebble, and every wave pattern interfered with one another.

“Well, yeah. It’s the shortest way to my apartment and to the Math building, after all.” He answered.

And then, he remembered the talk about the lake.

He wanted answers from this boy. Maybe he knew something.

“Na, Kuroko?”


- Yes? –


The bluehead looked at Kagami. That was when the latter felt the shivers. The look that Kuroko was giving him had no emotions in them, his eyes looked dead.

“Do you know the term ‘Kurokai’?” he finally asked. But his heartbeat remained very fast.

That expression from Kuroko did not change.

- It is a mythical fish that is said to live here. –

“Huh?”

Now, that was not Kagami was expecting.

Wait, what did he meant about that?

“Are you a student here?” he asked. “You take classes?”

Kuroko looked disappointed, Kagami thought.

- I am a student here. I’m a major in Japanese literature. –

“Ah, I see… haha.”


- How about Kagami-kun?-


“I’m from Sports Science.”


- I see, so do you play any sports? – 


“I play basketball! I like dunking!” Kagami answered enthusiastically. Somehow, he found himself talking to Kuroko, who he once suspected as a dead man, like a normal student would do.

- What a coincidence. I also play basketball. –

Kagami saw Kuroko smile. So that man could also smile, huh.

That was really unexpected.

“Really?! With that little body of yours?” the redhead said, and then he felt a jab in his abdomen.

“Ite…! Hey!” he hissed in pain, and saw Kuroko already standing near him, his left fist curled from the punch.


-