hex bag we found in this case’.

‘Oh?’

“I think we just confirmed Cas is a huge nerd”. Dean smiled like a cat. All the ribbing yet to ensue!

‘Better face to face, rather than using this infernal human contraption. Are you up for a coffee?’

‘Coffee?’, asked the three men in unison.

‘Well’, Harut pointed out reasonably, ‘I know how much you enjoy these quaint human things. Coffe, my treat’.

‘Sure’, Castiel said, a bit taken aback.

‘I’ll be right there’.

Castiel hung the phone, Harut disappeared, and Sam and Dean looked at each other.

‘Did Harut just use us as a springboard for a date with Cas?’, Dean said.

‘It seems like it’.

‘What a bitch’. Sam decided not to comment on how angry Dean looked at that, because that was some righteous wrath right there, and there were things one did not mess with. Dean continued, saying: ‘So sorcery is really subtlety. Even angelic witches are sneaky’.

‘I hate witches’, his little brother concurred.

 


VII.


 

‘Although, I don’t know how we are going to manage the next one’.

‘Why not?’, said Hannah. ‘There are several angels who have done ‘great deeds’, both in the civil War and during the Apocalypse’.

‘Yeah, but it says ‘great deeds for one another’, doesn’t it?’

‘Yes’, agreed Hannah, ‘but the particular characters seem to hint at a more sacrificial sense’.

‘That makes more sense for you; you were allied with the Metatron and then went against everything, and became Castiel’s envoy even at your own risk’.

‘Jegudiel…’.

‘So’, she asked, her eyes lighting up in flames and her wings unfurling joyously, ‘are you entering it, yet?’

‘No’.

 


VIII.


 

They were hanging out with Castiel in some woods, before departing to their respective cases, when, all of a sudden, Castiel yelled.

‘Sam, Dean! To the floor! And close your eyes and cover your ears!’

Their ears were ringing, and even with their eyes closed and their backs turned from Castiel, the white light made their eyes sting.

‘Zadkiel’, Castiel said annoyed.

Sam started to wonder if Heaven had some sort of miracle-equivalent for spy satellites, because this was getting ridiculous.

‘Brother’, Zadkiel greeted.

Zadkiel was, in what seemed to Dean, the buffest vessel ever. He looked like a stereotypical Russian or something, with a strong jaw and green eyes.

‘Why did you do that?’

‘It seems to me you have forgotten the glory of our kind, by spending so much time amongst humans’.

‘There’s nothing heavenly about winged dicks!’

‘You cannot comprehend the true form’, snarled Zadkiel, ‘you arrogant worm’.

‘Ooo, I’m so offended’.

‘In olden days, I would have smitten you for your insolence’.

Castiel massaged his temples, a startlingly human gesture, as if a giant headache was oncoming.

‘Brother, could you please get to the point?’

‘I’m just saying it’s been a while since we roamed the Earth in our true forms. What was the last time you did it? Since you rose the Not-So-Righteous Man?’

‘I always knew you guys were incredibly petty’.

‘Agreed’. Sam nodded along with Dean.

‘Yes, but I’ve been busy. Amongst humans’.

‘Your wings deserve better’.

‘Zadkiel, you are the leader of the Hashmallim—’

Sam gasped at that.

‘Wait, is the guy like a Heaven big-shot or something?’

‘—I know you have better things to do than just inviting me for a flight’.

‘I just wanted our leader to spend some time doing things more befitting of angelkind, that’s all’.

‘Frankly, Hannah is working more as your leader than I am’.

‘You led us into this’.

‘Every time I lead anyone into anything ends in tragedy’.

‘I disagree. For the first time in a long while, we’ve had peace’.

‘You call this peace?’

‘This’, Sam whispered to Dean, ‘is turning kind of heavy’.

‘As you say, I’m the leader of the Hashmallim. We gave out the orders of the Archangels. It is better than eons of war’.

‘Yeah’, trailed off Dean, unsure of where this was going.

‘So’, Zadkiel continued, ‘let us at least enjoy what our Father afford us’.

Castiel almost automatically inclined himself in Zadkiel’s direction, much to Dean’s chagrin. Zadkiel smirked, and seemed to straighten out more, and puffed out his chest. Dean crossed his arms.

‘Wait, what is going on now?’

‘Nothing’, Zadkiel happily crowed. A wistful smile formed in Castiel’s lips.

‘Hey, Cas, we’re out of the loop here, mind explaining?’

‘Zadkiel’s wingspan is very impressive—reminds me of my own’.

‘Very impressive