games are Tenten, Neji, and Kiba. Multiple clipboards lay on the table already filled with dozens of names.

"Wow I didn't know a lot of people were going to sign up," I admit walking up to the table.

"Yup! We have a dozen of contestants already!" Shizune exclaims with a bright smile on her face.

"Your going to enter too, Naruto?" Tenten asks turning around.

"Why not," I say walking up to the clipboard. I sign my name on the next blank space then set the clipboard down. "Well I guess I am officially entered!"

Suddenly I feel an intense itch on my legs. I scratch my legs but it doesn't seem to stop, my legs feel like they are burning.

"What the hell why are my legs itching so much!" I yell still scratching my legs.

"Its the temperature change, dobe," A voice says behind me.

More getting to know how he games work and announcing Naruto's partner.

Hey c: I am kind of nervous to see if people will like this fanfictionThanksgiving break so I have time to make it Anyways I hope you like this chapter. It is longer than the first but I will make the next ones longer, or try to.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

"Sasuke! So your going to enter too?" I question.

"Well why else would I be here?" Sasuke replies in an annoyed tone.

Sasuke is always like this, at this point I think he is bipolar. He can go from friendly to annoyed in the matter of seconds. He is either bipolar or just needs anger management.

"I am only doing this for the reward," Sasuke sighs and walks over to the table. "Is there any catch?"

"Well, You have to do the challenges outside in the cold no matter the weather," Kurnenai replies offering the clipboard to Sasuke. "All questions will be answered on December 22 when the pairs are chosen. Every contestant will come to the exam stadium to find out who their partner is and everything else is explained there."

Sasuke takes the clipboard, looks over it, then writes his name. After that he puts it down and walks out of the building without saying a word.

"That was really awkward," Kiba noted breaking the silence.

"Sasuke makes everything awkward," I agree. "I do not understand why people find him intimidating. He is the girliest guy I know!"

"You sure about that?" Tenten asks pointing her head towards Neji.

"Tch, long hair doesn't make you girly," Neji objects with an unamused face.

"Naruto, maybe you are jealous of Sasuke," Kurenai teases smirking at me.

"Jealous?!" I yell taking a step back. How could I be jelous of Sasuke? I have nothing to be jelous of. Sasuke is just an antisocial person who thinks everyone is below him. That is the very last thing I ever want to be.

"I mean you always talk about him!" Tenten chuckles. Great now everyone its ganging up on me.

"I think that is something other than jelousy," Kiba chimes in and at that everyone laughs.

I storm out of the building embarassed and mad at the same time. What are they talking about me being jealous and talking about him all the time? I barely even talk about him! I do not understand what Kiba meant by "something other than jealousy."

The whole walk back to my apartment I stare at the ground. It is only the afternoon and my day is already stressful. As if on point my stomach grumbles. Well on the bright side I could really go for some ramen right now!

I lift up my head and run to Ichiraku Ramen. I can feel my mouth watering as I run through the snowy paths leading the way to my destination.

As I arrive I smell the sweet aroma of cooking ramen. I lift up the short curtain hanging from the roof that blocks out the inside. The heat from the stove warms up the small area.

"Hey Naruto, cold out there isn't it," Ayame says walking up to the counter.

"It is going to be even worse at the games," I reply sitting at the stool in front of the counter.

Ayame is Teuchi's daughter and Teachi is the owner of Ichiraku Ramen. I am an active customer because it is ramen! What is there not to love about ramen.

"You entered too?" Teuchi asks walking out from the back of the shop. Teuchi puts his hand on Ayame's head, "Ayame here entered yesterday."

"Really? Maybe there's a chance I could get paired with you!" I boast setting my arms on the counter.

Ayame nods, "Well anyways Naruto, do you want your usual?"

"Yes m'am."

Teuchi gets to cooking the ramen, and a few moments later a bowl of ramen is set on the counter in front of me. I dig in to the bowl and enjoy every last bit of it. I put the money on the counter and get up from the