you I'd say soon."

I felt that strange feeling again. "Oh really now?"

"Yes, I think so."

We danced further, our bodies rubbed together. Oddly I was okay with this, I just felt a little nervous. We talked more about our likes and dislikes. Soon the dance was coming to an end and I knew I would have to leave Nicholas. Oddly I didn't want to.

"Well it's getting close to the time where I need to get going," I said.

"Can I walk you somewhere?"

"Oh, sure," I said as I felt a hot blush appear on my face. "I was headed back to my room."

"Alright," he moved so we were locking arms. "I'm not sure where that is."

“I can lead," I said.

We left the ballroom out the main entrance and I led us towards the back of the castle. We walked down the hall and all I could focus on was the proximity of the two of us to each other. That strange feeling intensified. I felt a fluttering feeling in my stomach as we walked towards my room.

We made it back to my room. "Well here we are, this is my room," I sighed.

He took my hand in his and bowed and kissed it. "Well, it was a pleasure getting to know you, Jessica. Hopefully, I can get to know you better soon?"

I could feel the blush creeping back onto my face. "I think I'd like that Nicholas," I said.

He smiled at me and stood up, "Good. Then it's a date." With that, he turned around and left.My body felt hot all over and I was confused by the way I was feeling. The sudden weight of the word 'date' hit me. This couldn't be a date! I was a man and so was he. Yet the thought of it made my rod hard. Did I like him?

I opened the door to Jennifer's and my room. I walked over to my bed and flopped down on it. What the hell was I doing?

Jennifer came into the room a little while later. "Jessica, tonight was awesome! How was yours? Jessica?" She said as she saw my face down on the bed.

She walked over to me and sat on the bed placing her hand on my back. "Jessica are you okay?"

"No," I said muffled into my pillow.

"What's wrong? What happened tonight?" She sounded concerned.

"I think I agreed to go on a date with Nicholas," I said as I turned to face her.

She gasped, "Oh no!"

"But that's not the worst part," I huffed.

"It gets worse?" She asked.

"Yes. I think I'm ok with going on a date with him," I buried my head in the pillow again.

Jennifer was silent for a moment. "Do you like him?"

I turned back to face her, "I..." I thought about that odd feeling I was having around him. Is that what it was? Did I like him? "I think so?"

"Jessica... you know you can't be with him like this," she sounded so sad.

"I know...I hate this," I said as I buried my head in my pillow again.

Jennifer rubbed my back as we sat there in silence.

The day went on and I eventually helped Jennifer change out of her dress and she helped me with mine. I hopped in the bath to try to relax. I washed off my makeup and washed my hair. I relaxed in the tub thinking about what had happened today. As I thought about it I sank down into the tub feeling embarrassed. I realized now that I felt something for Nicholas, I wasn't sure exactly what it was, but I knew I liked him. That really bothered me because I was actually a guy, not a girl.

I sighed and got out of the tub and dried off. The rest of the day I was in a half-aware state as I thought about Nicholas and out time together. I looked forward to seeing him again. What was I doing though? This was going to turn out badly if I kept pursuing this path.

The day seemed to drone on being the same as any other day other than how I felt. By the time night fell I was in my room in my pajamas sitting in my bed. The lights were off, I curled up in bed.

"Jessica," I heard Jennifer's voice.

"Yes?" I responded.

"Are you going to be alright?" She asked.

"I think so..." I had no idea if that was accurate or not, but I didn't need Jennifer being worried as well.

"Ok goodnight Jessica."

"Goodnight Jennifer."

I fell asleep and had restful dreams.

 

The next day I woke up anxious as to what was going to happen. I spent the