, he doesn’t care.

    What he knows  What Draco does know is that freedom to the Malfoy family means great money and, ironically enough, having good connections. He knows that to Narcissa freedom means making her own family, and to Lucius is having his status justifying all his actions.  Draco knows that to him freedom should mean being better that anyone else in everything. Or if that fails (in the spirit that everything is just a vague and a too encompassing word), it should mean to be better that anyone else in all the attributes that would made him an all deserving Malfoy heir.  Draco knows all these, and he cares, truly, but…  To Ron Weasley, freedom means being able to parade inside his living room in just his underwear because he has The Burrow all to himself; no protective parents, no pestering bothers, no annoying sister to worry about. No responsibility, no expectations. Draco knows this because Ron told him once, with his eyes full of laughter and his body tired but satisfied, without knowing what he was actually revealing.  Draco also knows that his personal definition of freedom is… Well, far less Malfoyian that he is willing to admit.

    “Harder… Harder, Weasley, just…”  A husky laugh as an answer. And then: “Oh my, Malfoy… Just look at you all desperate. Harder, you say? What? Like this?”  And, why yes, just like that, thank you.  “But—but… Oh, come on!”  Because, surely, Weasley was thrusting inside Draco with powerful movements (oh-so-deepdeepdeeprighttherebullseye) but now the speed was all wrong. It was too fucking slow.  Another laugh, even more breathless this time. And more teasing:  “What, Draco? What was that?”  “Hurry the fucking up, you git! Just—Oh Merlin— Just… Like that but… But… Faster! Faster!”  More laughter. The bastard. It was always the same way: he would give Draco whatever he asked for but then he took away something else. Or Weasley’d give him more than he thought he could handle.  “No.”  A second later, the ties at Draco’s wrists, magically, made themselves even tighter and Weasley’s hands gripped his waist brutally, using force to stop all of Draco’s movements. But Weasley keep thrusting. And Draco moaned with abandon. It was the only thing he could do, as a matter of fact.  It took him a full minute to heard himself whispering “Ron… Ron… Ron…” in-between all the “ggghmm” he was making but, really, he had no control over his body, non whatsoever, and “That’s the name of your King, that’s right”, was always the fucking answer, like they got an inner joke going on, and Draco didn’t care, and did care at the same time (oh, he cared so fucking much it hurt). But he just wanted to come—Oh, God, just—  Draco never begged, no even in the state of heavy arousal; he just couldn’t. Weasley, against all odds, never asked him to.  “Then fuck me hard and make me come, you—My fucking King.”  That did the trick. Because as much as Ron knew where all of Draco’s buttons were, Draco knew more than a few things about the ginger. For some reason of another, Ron loved when Draco said “fuck me”. In the right moment, it could get him wild. just like right now.  Because right fucking now, Ron Weasley was at his top speed and power. And fuck—Hell, yeah—Godric saves the worthy Gryffindors—Like that, like that, more—Fuck you—More, Weasley—Oh, Ron, Ron, Ron!  Draco may or may not have said all of that out loud. By Ron’s reaction though… Yes, yes he did.  And finally, finally, finally Ron’s grip on waist got just as abrasive as the pace in his thrusts until one of the ginger’s hand took itself to Draco’s hair and pulled and pulled and pulled until it hurt hurt hurt. And Draco was howling in pain-pleasure but then Ron’s teeth found their way to Draco’s shoulder, just shy of his neck, and Ron bit and then—  White. Glorious, consuming, earth-shaking, amazing, wrecker, healing, loved white.  Ron finished inside him, Draco could always felt him no matter how high in pleasure he was, and it was like another shot of adrenaline.  When Draco at last came back to his present, Ron had already cleaned them and put them comfortably on the very messy bed. He had Draco in a cuddle inside his arms but Ron’s hands were caressing Draco’s newest set to bruises by his waist and, as always, he was whispering by Draco’s ear, in a sweet and soft voice: “There you are, my gorgeous. I got you, I got you