made Zayn remove his hand from his pants. "Wha-" Harry groaned out as he was slammed, face first against the table.




He sees his face reappear on screen and his assumptions were right. He looked a dazed and hot mess. Hooded eyes, flushed cheeks...



...kind of what he looked like right now.




Zayn's feeling his back, his neck, shoulders, then his back again, his ass - giving it a good squeeze making Harry pull his bottom lip in between his teeth and groan. A wide smile on his face.





"Like that?"





"Mmmm." Harry hummed and stretched his long arms forward, grabbing the opposite edge of the table.





Zayn squeezed his ass again before slapping it, which made Harry's knees buckle. He does it again, harder this time, eliciting a long groan from Harry.





Harry was furious with Zayn not so long ago and now, now he was like putty in his hands, getting punished by Zayn.





"So can I fuck you?" Zayn's voice is impossibly gruff and all Harry wants to do is to scream 'yes' from the top of his lungs. "Hmm, Harry?" Zayn's grinding against him again, making him feel just how hard and ready he is for Harry.





Harry didn't answer him but instead let go of the table he was holding onto for dear life to undo his jeans.





When Zayn leaned down to press a quick kiss to Harry's back that's when Harry saw the fat smirk that Zayn had on his face. He missed that cheeky Zayn that surfaced so very often. These past years it was just not as easy to get the reaction from him that often.






Once unbuttoned and unzipped, Zayn slides his fingers into the waistband and tugs down furiously.







Once again, he's pressed against Harry, and Harry's again gripping at the edge of the table.







"Come on then,"







"Not mad at me anymore?" Zayn's teased him many times before, but Harry's never gotten used to it.







"No," He juts his ass out and Zayn palms a cheek.







Zayn's so soft one minute and rough the next, Harry can never anticipate what's going to happen at anytime or during any situation.







As he inhales Zayn pushed two fingers in making Harry choke on his breath. Zayn's slow, keeping his arm and hand still, only letting his fingers do the work. He's got his other arm wrapped around Harry's stomach, kissing his back tenderly as Harry moaned softly.







"Zayn." Harry said his name in such awe and surprise as if he's asking him what he's up to.







Once Harry felt that Zayn's removed is fingers he's about to to turn around but stopped when Zayn pushed into him, making Harry still and his jaw fall open.







Zayn wasted no time and was by no means gentle with Harry, making him moan and curse - being so rough that the table moved slightly with their force and body-weight.







Harry bit down on his arm, pretty sure that Niall said he was going to be spending the afternoon in the hotel room, so he can't afford to let another band mate hear this little rendezvous.






Last time it was Louis who had strolled onto the tour bus and seen Zayn and Harry going at it like it was no one's business. It was all 'Titanic' style with the window steamed up and Harry's hand pushing on it for support. The next day as expected, Louis wouldn't let it go. He smirked at Harry and Zayn, moaned loudly into his microphone during rehearsals -mimicking Harry - and then tried to play it off as a cough. Zayn had sauntered over to Louis and gave him a pat on the cheek. "Don't be jealous it wasn't you, Lou." He joked with a wink and then winked at Harry as he went back to stand next to Liam. Harry pursed his lips thinking about that day. He had blushed when Louis poked fun at him and even more when Zayn winked at him, messing up the lines to 'Over Again' when they tried to practice.






"FUCKING SHIT I'M GOING TO COME." Harry couldn't hold it together any longer and shouted out before he squeezed his eyes shut and let out a strangled moan. He thrashed forward, his hips knocked against the edge of the table and soon after felt Zayn fill him up with his own cum.







Harry's orgasm was so strong that he was on the brink of tears.







Zayn kissed up his back until he reached his neck and then turned his face to kiss his swollen pink parted lips. "Acting like it was fucking coke that Lou and I snorted."







Harry's not laughing. There was a very faint frown on his face as he looked at Zayn.







"Joke about that shit like you haven't fucked with it before."







"Only once." Zayn murmured against his lips. "And it was a little. Just to see what it was