ask if it’s okay to bring that little rat here”


 


“I see” Keiji reached the phone on his pocket and pressed the screen a few times, searching for the number.


 


“How should I save your number,  ‘Nurse Akaashi-san’ maybe?”


 


He smiled and typed the man’s number on his phone “Just Akaashi is fine” he explained “I’m not used to be called by my full name”


 


“Kenma calls you Keiji though”


 


“Kenma is an exception, since we’re almost the same age”


 


“Did you just call me old?” Kuroo raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms over his chest “I’m only a year older than you then”


 


“And that makes you worthy of honorifics, Kuroo-san”


 


“You’re just trying to mess with me now, aren’t you? If not my first name then at least drop the honorifics… Deal?”


 


“... Deal”


 


The next time Keiji checked the time an hour had already passed in which they had finished their drink, paid and left the cafe. On the way out Kuroo had seen the custom cake designs they had and decided to order one for Kenma’s birthday.








The next day was nothing but quietness and an oddly pleasant weather. Keiji had been tempted to congratulate Kenma for his 24th birthday in the morning but decided to wait until his parents arrived and celebrated th

e 

occasion on their own. They arrived around 11am and took him out. Kenma didn’t seemed to mind. 


 


“You look quite happy today, darling. Did something good happened?” 


 


Keiji looked at the woman from the other side of the room while gathering all the medicine he needed to dispense to her “Something good? My life is quite uneventful, Fukunaga-san. I consider that to be something extremely good already” having said that, he put on the sanitary mask and plastic gloves. He reached for a package of syringes and took one to fill it with the medicine.


 


“I can’t be tricked, you have a cheerful feeling all around you”


 


“Do I?... If you say so then I must confess something to you” he spoke calmly while opening the line and inserting the syringe “I’ve done a risky thing for some friends recently so rather than happy it’s quite the opposite”


 


“You’re young, darling. Now’s the time to take risks for something or someone you believe in.”


 


“I’ll take your advice if the time ever comes, Fukunaga-san. Thank you”








Keiji felt just a little lonely during lunch, since he would usually join Kenma at said time. 


 


It was weird, he hadn’t been by himself at work even a single day since he arrived. It wasn’t until 4pm that Kenma and his parents had to come back due to Kenma’s regular check-up so he still had a little time off until then. He figured he would go help the other nurses or go to the library in the mean time.


 


“Can I sit here?”


 


“...”


 


“Kei-chan!”


 


Jumping out of his thoughts, Keiji looked up and sat straight. “Ah, yes. Sorry”


 


“It sure’s been a while! Now that you spend all your time with the kid” the man proceeded to sit in front of Keiji, while placing a folder right in the middle of the table.


 


“ ‘The kid’ is turning my age today,  you know?”


 


“You have to be kidding me” he said with a rather exaggerated expression. 


 


Oikawa Tooru had always been that way, over dramatic and eccentric. People wouldn’t believe he was not only a certified doctor but also one of the best students of his generation.


 


“He is, so don’t make such an expression” 


 


“Sorry, sorry. Are you free right now?”


 


Keiji met Oikawa about seven years ago, during his second year of college. Oikawa was an assistant in his Anatomy class at that time, and a very lousy one so Keiji would usually avoid him at first, but eventually he figured out —despite his personality—, he was very serious about his work. 


 


Somehow, one way to another lead them to end up working together in Haruyama Caring Center.


 


“I am, do you need anything?”


 


“I’ve got a call from the hospital, my shift got changed to an hour earlier so I have to go right now. Would you mind keeping an eye on one of my patients for a while? His physical condition is stable now but I’m afraid he might be on the verge of something else” he said in a calm voice that seemed to get quieter with each word.


 


“And by that you mean-?”


 


“I’m afraid he’ll get post-trauma depression soon enough if we don’t something…” Oikawa sighed and quickly look up again, facing Keiji with a smile “And then I thought ‘who’s better with kids than mom-nurse Kei-chan?” no one for sure.” Oikawa made a peace sign and grinned at the younger man