pulled that teasing facial expression again. "You're kidding?"

"No. She has a way of persuading that's pretty much along the lines of the way Grissom gets us to do things. Get moldy feet, make you dive into body filled swimming pools, get blood from the fresh meat..." Greg smiled back a little more. "She kinda made me do... painting. It's weird. It helped, brought things up to a head. Never thought I would do painting - my line has been weird molecules on the glass board."

"And guess that chemical compound." Nick's face pulled towards a smile, and he finally picked up his fork again, playing with it in one hand. "I've missed that."

"I've missed working with you but when we go back, we'll get a chance to do it again huh? If... if you trust me out on scene with you again," Greg added at the end of his hopeful comment. "And... if you are thinking about going back."

"I can't think of anything else I want to do." Nick's voice fell a little quiet, and he leaned on his elbows. "I was an EMT and then a cop before I went to Vegas. And being a CSI grabbed me in a big way."

"Yeah. Big world, hands on justice," Greg answered. "I have to admit, it scares me. The thought of it." It was okay for him to admit it, people expected that sort of thing from him. "Because we were on that scene and it wasn't like we did anything wrong. We weren't taking chances and then all that happened."

"We're supposed to be the hands off guys who just work the case," Nick agreed softly. "Hey, you want any syrup?"

"Yeah," Greg looked at him as he took the syrup. "You'll probably see the tape sometime. Of me. You needed to know first. But..." He paused and looked down at the pancakes. "But I don't think anyone else would understand if I told them that it might've been easier not to make it out of there."

"You might be surprised." Nick took a sip of his coffee, and added in a thoughtful voice, "Not that they can understand it in the same... visceral way?"

"Yeah. Yeah, in the real way, or what I mean by still being in the Box," Greg replied he considered. "Maybe I'm being weird but maybe I want it to be the both of us getting out again."

It brought a smile to the edge of Nick's face, fleeting again, but there. "So... got any ideas? I, I mean, I can't think of how to move on except by just goin' forwards."

"Well, what's bugging you most of all?" Greg asked taking a much more satisfactory mouthful of breakfast. He was rather strangely feeling better.

"That there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it. The bugs were... bad, the ants, but it was that I was trapped there and there wasn't anything..." Nick shook his head a little, and cut a triangle of pancake for himself.

Helplessness. Yeah, Greg knew about that. "You think you didn't do anything, didn't control anything right?" He leaned forward a bit gesturing with a fork. "You did Nick, the most important thing of all. You survived. You lived. Everything about what happened to you was designed to make you take your own life. You didn't do it. You beat the guy. You were stronger than him. Everybody's efforts would've meant nothing if you hadn't been able to tough it out. You controlled that, and I know how damn hard that was."

"Because you were doing it, too." Nick had survived and Greg had kept that chance open for him, if he thought about it that way. "I just... have issues about control."

"I have issues about a lot of things. Fire, explosions," Greg added. "Are these old control issues or... from this?"

It was good, Nick was talking and he sounded like Nick, not someone pretending to be Nick.

Not like someone wearing a Nick-mask. "Older ones." Nick's eyebrows had a line struck down between them, and he was holding onto the coffee mug tightly. And somehow that was better than the slightly vacant host of the night before.

Greg tried to think back, but it wasn't something he remembered Nick telling him. "Kid stuff?" he hazarded a guess in a quieter voice, willing Nick to talk about it.

"Yeah. It was..." Nick gave a tight shrug. "Just one of those things. That we run across on cases."

Greg looked at him sharply. "Oh... Oh." Not family, couldn't be family because