going toward some empty castle place, garbing Merlin's wrist in tow. Merlin is amazed and runs behind Arthur until they arrive at one dark and empty corner. Arthur pins Merlin against the wall and stares at him, breathing heavily. Merlin stares back at Arthur with his wide eyes.

   "I know now Merlin. I know. I know what you was asked. I know what is my problem now."   Merlin looks at Arthur unblinkingly and says slowly.   "Then what it would be?"   "The answer is…"

   Arthur doesn't pays the answer with words but with the seal to Merlin's lips with his own. Merlin gasps with amazement but it doesn't take long to amaze. Merlin realizes soon what it's and he cooperates with Arthur quickly, he's smiling in the kisses. Arthur's kissing Merlin with all eagerness and wantings from the very start when he's first met Merlin again. No actually it could be since when Merlin was four. Arthur holds Merlin's beautiful face in his both hands softly and Merlin embraces back Arthur's middle tightly. All Merlin knows is that the nebulous figure of a boy in his all childhood dreams and the most handsome man in his teenage heart is kissing him insatiably. There is nothing more he wants to ask for in his life now.

   At first the kisses are all chaste and closed mouth but gradullay they can't get enough with that and deepen the kisses to all tongues and teeth. Now Arthur know that Merlin's soft lips are really sweet and Merlin know that Arthur pouty lips are just made for him to kiss. The sucking and smacking noises from kisses are spreading loud in the desert hallway. If it could be they want to stop the time in here and kiss forever together.

 

Say your love 'I love you' before anything forward.

   After they've been kissing for ages Arthur and Merlin need the air to breath. They gasp and pull away from each other only a little distance between them just be able to breath. They inhale and exhale quickly because of long term oxygen lackage. Then they look at each other face and are smiling like complete fools. Smiling of Arthur tries to take a few quick pecks to Merlin's smiling lips that are red and swollen from his eager kisses. Merlin's changing from smiling to giggling because of too much happiness. They touch their forehead together and breath in each other air.

   "Tell me your answer Arthur."

   Merlin tries hardly to whisper. Arthur stares into Merlin's eyes.

   "Aren't they enough? Then I can prove you more."

   When Arthur reaches out to kiss again Merlin puts his fingers on Arthur's lips to stop it.

   "Yeah. I really want to take it more but I need. I need to hear as words. I need Arthur."    Arthur understands what Merlin asked for.

   "Okay. Okay. The answer is that you're not going to marry anyone because you belong to only me. I'll not marry any other because I belong to you. We are meant to be Merlin. You are my baby. My one and only baby. You are mine. I'm yours. You understand Merlin?"

   "So. That's all?"

   "What do you want to hear from me? Just tell me Merlin. As you know I'm a bit slow at that."

   "Yeah. that a bit would be very very huge bit. I don't want to hear what I want to hear. I just want to hear what is the answer of your heart."    Merlin says earnestly and sincerely, looking into Arthur's eyes. Arthur looks back at Merlin and smiles back.

   "Okay. If I said the truth of my heart you'll also tell me yours?"

   "Yeah. I'll"

   "Okay. Ahamm. Well. The real answer is I like you. Well no. Actually I love you. Not kind of friendly or brotherly. It's a kind of love between a girl and a boy. I know you're not a girl but I love you anyway Merlin. To be honest I think I've been loving you all before long sine you're four. Wow! That sounds like I'm a pervert. Well it's your turn. Tell me yours."

   "Me too."

   Merlin says jusy two words and is staring Arthur with mocking look.

   "Hey. It's not fair. I told you everything. Tell me everything too."

   "Gweee… Glup"

   They are not words from Merlin's mouth but the hungry noises from Merlin's stomach. At first Arthur is at a loss and doesn't know what the voice are. Then he's gone realized and is starting to giggle loudly.

   "Oh my god. My baby told me the deepest truth of his stomach. I'm very exicted. Oh My God."

   Arthur can't stop laughing and fussing Merlin's hair. Merlin is deep blushing and he reaches out to suck his thumb. When Arthur sees that he suddenly