those two would spark harmony and balance. Their relationship was mutualistic, just like how an emerald necklace would complement the eyes of a person, Miles and Phoenix complemented each other.

Prosecutor and defense attorney, people of different fate, different occupation—however, they all had one purpose and that was to find the truth. Miles loved Phoenix and Phoenix also loved Miles. Together, the two have been through numerous indescribable and bizarre journeys of life—the revealing of DL-6, the Hazakurain case, Phoenix’s disbarment, and the ending to the Dark Age of the Law. They were inseparable and invincible.

II.

A good cup of tea was how Miles Edgeworth would like to start a day. During the morning he would be awaken by a ray of sunshine, the kiss of Phoenix Wright on his forehead, and breakfast made in bed. The grey haired chief prosecutor would smile—though, obviously flustered in response to the actions… that was, if Phoenix Wright actually successfully completed ANY of those steps.

He would take a sip at the brim of his porcelain cup and Miles felt the urge to spit out whatever he had placed in his mouth. Tentatively, he pulled the cup away from his face and only appalled to find out that Phoenix had brewed him cheap green tea that has expired two years ago—that ditz! But instead, he would groan and sigh making noises along the lines of ‘NGOHH Wright!’.

“Miles, I made you breakfast!” Phoenix triumphed as he walked over to the bed of Miles Edgeworth and displayed a tray of scrambled eggs, cooked sausages, and a piece of toasted toast.

The disappointment Miles felt previously had melted away and then he would take his first bite into the scrambled eggs—salty. He had visibly flinched and had the dire need to drink something. Without any hesitation he would drink that cup of expired cheap, green tea Phoenix had previously brewed him.

“Wright, just how much salt did you put here?” Miles blinked, trying his best not to make any inhumane noises that sounded as if he was about to curse something aloud. He tried to keep his composure like the cool chief prosecutor he was.

“I saw that we were running out of salt so…” his signature sheepish grin was plastered over his face as the defense attorney reached to scratch the back of his head. “So I decided to use it all, heh.”

That day Miles Edgeworth had learned a lesson. One, Phoenix Wright was terrible at making romantic things romantic—in fact, he would just turn them into comedic moments that they could retell their grandchildren in the future. Two, Phoenix Wright was a horrible dork. Three, Miles Edgeworth love Phoenix Wright more than anybody on earth even though he was everything he had hated in the past.

III.

Today was Trucy’s first day going to school, like real school. Young and eighteen, finally making her way into an art’s academy for performance art Miles and Phoenix were proud. It was evident that the two of them were overreacting. Even though it was a local university at Los Angeles, it was a HUGE deal for the two fathers of Trucy Wright.

For that day, Phoenix had spent forty minutes trying to spike his spikes on his hair to a go a specific direction whilst comparing two very similar suites, wondering which one would look better. Trucy was his daughter, his very first daughter too and to have her go to school whilst away from him was something he had a hard time letting go. After all, with her gone who would be there to watch over the office and Apollo scrubbing toilets when he was on a case?

Miles on the other hand was picking out cravats. Cravat or sans-cravat? Ruffles up or ruffles down? Tie or cravat? Ah, the dilemma of an inexperienced parent! A distressed sigh was let out as he had proceeded to wear something he would not usually wear—a suit, a dark red one to match with Phoenix’s blue suit but of course, he quickly took it off. It didn’t work with his cravat, he needed something that would look nice with his cravat. In the end, he had gone with his usual attire—though; his ‘usual’ attire was formal enough to pass off.

“Phoenix are you ready?” he had asked, opening the door to Phoenix’s room and spotting him just finishing up spiking his hair. A nod and an enthusiastic ‘yeah’ came his direction before an unpredicted motion came his way—Phoenix Wright took his hand into his own.

--

Exiting the red car of Miles Edgeworth, Phoenix and Miles had looked at the academy entrance whilst trying to find their young magician daughter. It was not hard to spot Trucy Wright considering her blue hat along with her cape, which she has had since who knows when?

“Trucy!” Phoenix called first, then Miles followed along, and finally they called her name in unison. It was then that she would turn around to find her two dads standing there waiting for her.

“Daddy! Papa!” the young aspiring magician had dashed to them and leapt straight into