work up there,” Morgan said, pulling on his leather jacket and looking at him oddly. “Are you… okay?”



Spencer swallowed. “I’m fine.” But, curiously, for once, he decided to try sharing a little. “I’m just thinking of that thing I told you about, with the football team. In high school.” He looked at his shoes. “It just feels sort of personal, even though I know it’s not.”



“I get that, man,” Morgan nodded. “It’s hard, seeing those kids up there. We’ve been through some sick things,” he said, and he wasn’t only talking about the case. “But that’s why we’re here, right? That’s why we’re doing this. To save them. So what happened to us…” 



“Doesn’t happen again.” Spencer took a deep breath. “Yeah. It’s hard to remember that, sometimes. Who we’re doing this for.” Them. The teenagers strung up there. But also, the unsub. Isolated and unnoticed and in so much pain he felt like he needed to murder just to feel real. And it won’t work. It never works. The unsubs, they’re ill. And this won’t make it feel better, Spencer had been around long enough to know that. The only way to help them was to stop them.


i hope you all are enjoying this!! i'm having fun writing this. drop me some kudos or a comment if you enjoyed it :D <3

sorry it's been a few days since my last update! i've been trying to update a 2,000 word or so chapter every/every other day, but i missed my deadline because of holiday celebrations. my schedule will be resuming now, though. i added some reid/morgan fun in here with the case drama, because i'm a sucker for them. still unsure if i'm going full slash with them here or just hinting at it. either way, i hope you enjoy! <3



All things are subject to interpretation; whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth - Friedrich Nietzsche



 


Morgan bobbed his head to the beat of the Springsteen song that blared through the radio of the large black FBI van. Reid sat in the passenger seat, staring out the window and thinking. 



“You know,” Spencer said, breaking the silence. “The crew of the space shuttle Discovery played Rendezvous by Bruce Springsteen in 1999 when they rendezvoused with the Hubble Space Telescope.”



Morgan glanced over at Reid, raising his eyebrows. “You astound me, kid. You can make even The Boss sound boring and geeky.”



Spencer blushed. “The Discovery really isn’t boring. You know it’s launched and landed 39 times? That’s more than any other spacecraft. That’s more than Columbia and Challenger put together!”



“Man, I stopped caring about space stuff around the time Star Wars stopped being a thing,” Morgan said.


“Star Wars never stopped being a thing!” Spencer exclaimed, aghast, and, as if to demonstrate, rolled up his pant leg to reveal a pair of patterned R2-D2 socks.

“Oh, now I know it’s not cool anymore,” Morgan laughed.


“Take a right here,” Spencer pointed to the upcoming intersection.



“I know how to get to the D.C. police station,” Morgan said. “It’s just up ahead.”



“Yeah, up and to the right.” Spencer pointed again. “Take a— take a right, you’re gonna miss it.” He jabbed his finger at the window.



“Stop pointing, I know where I’m going, it’s not yet,” Morgan snapped.



“I live here! It’s right— oh, look, there it goes,” Spencer said, watching it go by as they passed the road they were supposed to turn onto.



“Goddammit,” Morgan swore. “It was back there. Why didn’t you tell me?”



“I literally just told you,” Spencer’s voice jumped up shrilly, but then he saw Morgan suppressing a laugh. “What? What?”



“I’m just messing with you, kid,” Morgan said. “Man, it’s fun to watch you get so worked up.”


Spencer crossed his arms and glowered at Morgan as they made a U-turn. “It’s not funny.”


“A little. Maybe just a little, c’mon,” Morgan grinned at him, and Spencer couldn’t help but smile back. There was something about Morgan, an energy, that was irresistible.



When they got to the station, the others were already halfway through their briefing of the local police.



“…Highly likely to be psychopathic, given the level of extreme control over the crime scene,” Hotch was saying. “Neat, organized, obsessive tendencies. He is socially isolated, craving attention and