sent a chill through their bodies.

“What the fuck.” Jesse muttered, a memory he would like to forget came to his mind. The day he lost his arm he remembered laying in a cold room, the pain causing him to come in and out of consciousness. He remembered his side and torso being slick with something wet and hot, then he heard a growl. He remembered seeing a hulking beast attacking the men who hurt him while Bella’s old dog, Ash, was crouched above him snarling. He could have sworn the large creature looked at him and he saw Bella’s eyes. Bella said a bear was there and it took out the men before it wondered off wounded, he figured the blood loss made him imagine he was looking at Bella. He obviously had seen correctly.

Through the smoke both men saw a hulking shape, a strange roar and growl mixture was heard, then they heard screams of terror and then guns going off. The flash from the weapons briefly showed a creature and what looked like Shadow, attacking the Talon agents, the agents screamed in terror and then in pain. Jesse and 76 jumped when they heard the ripping of limbs, breaking of bones, and gurgling of blood. The men that were screaming for help were silenced with a sickening crack.

“Fucking hell.” Jesse said holding his gun tighter in his hands. 76 stood with his gun ready to fire, Jesse noticed the old man was trembling slightly.

As soon as the sounds started, they stopped. Then there was a deep howl, it echoed throughout the city causing every dog in the area to start howling and barking back. The only thing that was heard was heavy breathing and sniffing. The smoke began to clear and in the middle of the market sat Shadow looking up at a large wolf standing on its back legs. It was just over six feet, about the height of both men, its coat was a grey color with hints of reddish brown.

Around the creature were the dead Talon agents, many were ripped apart and had large bites on their bodies. Many were ripped apart or missing limbs, while others were disemboweled. Blood coated the ground, along with pieces of human bodies. Jesse covered his nose when they smell of blood hit him, he gagged slightly but held down his food.

“Fuck.” 76 muttered at the carnage, the creature turned its head to the two men. They gasped when they saw its eyes, one eye was a dark amber while the other had a scar running across the eye leaving it white. Blood stained its muzzle and bits of flesh hung off its claws.

“Bella?” Jesse asked, stepping forward. He grimaced when his boot stepped in the blood. The creature let out a low chuff at them, as if it was confirming their thoughts. The creature stepped back and changed back to the Bella both men knew, she stumbled back and stood there awkwardly. They noticed she had a bullet wound in her thigh and her shoulder.

“Shit she’s hurt.” Jesse said rushing to her. 76 removed his jacket and wrapped it around her naked body, they examined her wounds but were shocked when the rounds were pushed from her body and the wounds healed.

“What the fuck?” 76 asked, clearly shocked and possibly terrified.

“Hand me my bag, I’ll dress and we can talk somewhere safe.” She chuckled. Jesse gave her a shirt and a pair of sweat pants, she pulled them on and took the men to her home. Jesse was holding her rifle and she ran with her combat boots. Halfway there the men removed their blood covered boots and followed her the rest of the way in their socks. Shadow had to clean the blood form his paws and Bella wiped her feet clean.

When they arrived at the front of the bakery, Bella was glad the lights were off. Alejandra and her mother were asleep now. She wouldn’t have to worry about Alejandra seeing her with 76 and a funny looking cowboy, the young girl would ask so many questions. They would be safe.

“You live here?” 76 growled.

“Second floor. Don’t worry, Alejandra is asleep. You won’t have to worry about her bugging you with questions. She is thankful you saved her though. Plus, she has developed quit the obsession with Overwatch, she’s going to follow in our footsteps one day.” Bella said, guiding them to the back of the building.

“She’s a kid. She shouldn’t want to become us.” 76 muttered.

“We were all kids once. It’s up to use to leave her a world that she can easily fix and help.” Bella said opening her door. She motioned everyone inside, “Alright you two make yourself comfy. I guess you both have questions.”

Jesse was sitting on her couch with Shadow sniffing his boots, Shadow looked excited to have the men over. He always loved Jesse. 76 was staring at her with his pulse rifle still in his hands, he eventually sat at her small table and watched her.

“You’re a werewolf