san is right!” said a guy with an unfortunate bowl cut wearing a green tracksuit. “You must preserve your youth! Guy-sensei, you must give him the recipe for your famous protein shake.”

“I’ll hit the vending machines!” said Naruto in a panic, as a similarly track-suited guy stood up as if to give a speech.

At the end of the night, when they were all packing up (Naruto throwing everything into his backpack and chattering about how awesome it was that the NPCs named the bridge after him, Sasuke silently placing his dice into colour-coded velvet bags), a good-looking but very irritated man stalked up to their table. “Let me join your table next time, Kakashi.”

“Hello to you too, Neji,” said Kakashi, lazily folding his screen. “Usual good time with Guy?”

“We all died. Again.”

“I am sure that your downfall burned brightly with the flames of your–”

“Don’t even say it. Yes or no? Otherwise I have to catch Asuma or Kurenai before they go out for a smoke.”

"Hmm. Let me talk with Guy. Maybe we can come up with a way to get everybody in our campaign.”

“Oh, like a tournament? That’s awesome! Do a tournament!” Naruto turned and shouted, “Hey, who wants to do a tournament campaign with Kakashi-sensei?”

There was a general atmosphere of approval. A man who had a packet of cigarettes in his hands–presumably Asuma–said, “Awesome, then I don’t have to DM anymore.”

“Do you see this?” Kakashi fanned a notebook at Naruto. “Do you see tournament plans in this? Look at this map I drew for the next mission. Look at it.”

“But a tournament is more fun dattebayo! What do you think, Sakura-chan?”

Amazing how she was already Sakura-chan to him. She couldn’t help but notice that Sasuke frowned slightly whenever Naruto used the affectionate suffix with her name. “I, um… my character’s quite weak, so I don’t see how she could keep up with the rest in a tournament…”

To her surprise, Kakashi’s visible eye widened, and then he pulled out a pen and began scribbling viciously in the notebook.

“Kakashi-sensei?”

“Don’t talk to me, I’m having ideas.” Kakashi tapped the end of the pen against his mask and scribbled some more. “I think we’ll be doing it. I’ll text you.”

Sakura excused herself to visit the restroom, and when she came back, most of the people were gone, except for Ino, who seemed to be exclaiming over an engagement ring on the finger of a diminutive, dark-haired girl, and Kakashi, who was still writing away in his notebook.

She walked up to him to pick up her stuff and said, “Um, Kakashi, do you want my number?”

His head jerked up and she could see a blush spreading behind his mask, so she hurriedly added, “I mean, for the game? Since you said you wanted to text us about it?”

“Oh, right, the game,” said Kakashi, looking down at the notebook he’d just been writing in as if he’d never seen it before, and then looking back up. “But uh… would it be alright if I texted you… not about the game? Like… friendsish stuff.” He immediately winced and put a hand to his forehead. “Friendsish stuff. Unbelievable.”

“Looks like you rolled a 1 on that one,” she teased, pulling the pen out of his hand and scribbling her name and number across the top of the page. “But fortunately for you I rolled a 20 on sense motive. Friendsish stuff sounds good to me.”

He lifted his head back up, and his fedora had shifted such that she could see both eyes, and the left one actually had a scar vertically bisecting it.

“Wow, that scar is–.” She stopped herself. “Sorry, that was horribly rude of me.”

“Don’t worry about it.” He gave her finger guns. “I’ll text you the story about it tonight?”

Now that was a lot smoother. “Sure,” she said.

“Okay, Forehead, let’s hit the road,” said Ino, strolling back over casually.

“Forehead?”

“I’ll trade you that story for the scar one.”

“Alright, so the Ten-Tailed Beast is launching a wooden projectile attack.” Behind the screen, the rattle of dice is heard. In front of the massive monster figurine, Kakashi sets down a bunch of toothpicks. “Roll for initiative… Okay, Naruto, you’re first.”

“It’s immune to ninjutsu… and it’s out of range of all of my taijutsu… so uh… I guess I just stand there.”

“Pretty much all you can do, yeah. Hinata, you’re next.” Kakashi takes a swig of water