the tell tale bulge at his breeches. “Yes Cullen, please, let me taste you…”

He undid the laces and pulled himself free, he moved his hands to her hair, wrapping the dark curls around his fingers and she opened her mouth to swallow him whole. He groaned at the sight of his arousal sinking into the pillowy circle of her mouth. She swallowed at him greedily, her tongue darting out to lick at his under-shaft every time he pulled out a little, licking the full hard length of him. He almost came undone when she darted her tongue out to lick at the bead of moisture gathering at the very tip of him before her soft lips pressed a kiss to his swollen head and she swallowed him down once more. Her eyes rolled back in pleasure as he began moving his hips almost involuntarily. He was now fucking her face and the only sounds were those of his flesh sinking into her and her soft and muffled hums of pleasure.

He felt his balls tighten, ready to spill himself inside her and he knew that she would eagerly swallow his seed down as though it were the finest nectar in all the lands. Just before his orgasm fell over him he forced himself to pull back and she briefly looked confused before thick ropes of his hot seed spurted out over the taut, flat planes of her stomach; marking her as his.

He pressed an almost tender kiss to her forehead before lacing himself back up. “I love you, my dove. I promise this next meeting won’t be long and as soon as it is over I am locking all my doors and am going to spend the rest of the day pleasuring you, you just need to wait a little while longer.”

He stood and moved her, adjusting her limbs and the ropes so she was on her knees, still bound but now with the perfect curve of her rear facing the ladder, the pink lips of her sex swollen with arousal and just waiting for the moment he would return and tend to her. Downstairs a door opened and several recruits streamed in, he called down to them that he would just be down and turned to walk to the ladder. He paused then, a mischievous smirk tugging at his lips as he quickly turned and without warning gave a long and hard lick right along the slit of her sex causing her to buck backwards towards his mouth and a loud cry of ecstasy to spill from her lips, only slightly muffled by the pillow she had bitten down on.

“Commander Cullen ser?” One of the Scouts called up, Jim maybe. “Are you alright ser?”

“I am very well, just stubbed my toe that is all.”

He gave her behind a playful swat and descended back to the office where the recruits pretended to believe the stubbed toe story even though he was wearing his boots.

His breath caught in his throat when he finally ascended the ladder once more and was greeted by the sight of her round ass in the air and her sweet wet cunny waiting for him. He licked his lips and prowled towards her like a lion hunting his prey, or in this case, his mate.

She held her pose, muscles straining slightly with the effort, desperate for him to just fuck her. All day he had been keeping her wound up and on display, all day he would pull away before she found her release. She  smiled softly as she heard the sound of him shedding his armour. The mattress dipped a little as he moved up behind her.

She felt the head of his cock just barely brushing her sex and she let out a breath she had not even known she was holding. His large hands moved, kneading the flesh of her rear.

“How wet you are my perfect girl. Is this all for me? Were you thinking of me, hmm?”

“Yes, all day, I need you Cullen, please…”

“I have been thinking of you too my love, imagining what you would do if I led the recruits up here, let them see how wanton their leader is….”

A shiver of arousal went through her, excited by the thought of herself on display to admiring glances.

“How would they like to hear their illustrious leader begging for their Commander’s cock? Perhaps a demonstration would be needed in stamina and strength?” He slid deep inside her and her back arched up feeling so gloriously full of him.

His hips set a brutally punishing pace causing her to moan out in ecstasy with every thrust that buried him deep inside her. His voice with a raw streak of lust never ceasing, painting the fantasy she had confessed to him when they had concocted this little plan.

“Maybe a hands on demonstration would be needed for some of the more promising recruits? Let that pretty blonde archer you were admiring taste how sweet your tight little quim is? Would you grind yourself down into her mouth while I fondled your breasts? Pulling and tugging on your nipples as she pushed her tongue inside of you?” He moved the pad of his thumb down over the bundle of nerves at the top of her sex, rubbing slow and firm circles causing her to tighten with the first orgasm she