and get down here before they run out of food." .

Baekhyun muttered a quick goodbye and hung up the phone, ignoring the rest of what Jongdae was planning on saying.

 

--

 

"Baekhyun!" Jongdae shouted when he saw the other walk into the hotel breakfast area. It was overflowing with people in and out of cosplay. Baekhyun had to tiptoe to see where Jongdae and the others were. Luckily, Jongdae was standing up and waving his hands wildly. Baekhyun huffed and made his way over to the group.

"I got you a plate of food, just in case," Chanyeol stated, handing Baekhyun a plate of eggs of all types. Baekhyun muttered a thanks.

"Chanyeol said he was planning on going to the convention in two hours. He says we should meet at the elevators," Jongdae explained. "Chanyeol you're so smart! Isn't he smart, Baekhyun?" Baekhyun groaned. It was very obvious what Jongdae was trying to do. He suddenly regretted inviting his friend to be his wingman. He didn't know what he was doing and he was being painfully obvious.

"That's sounds good. I could be ready in an hour," Baekhyun stated, choosing not to answer Jongdae's question.

 

--

 

Baekhyun did finish getting ready in an hour. Chanyeol was still in the hotel room finishing up. Baekhyun didn't know what he was going as, but Chanyeol said it was some dude from one of his favorite anime.

Jongdae had texted him that he and Junmyeon were ready and going down to meet them at their room instead. Baekhyun decided that he needed space, especially because Chanyeol decided that they were close enough for the taller to walk around in just boxers and it was distracting.

Jongdae and Joonmyun came out of the open elevator. Jongdae was walking backwards and fussing over his boyfriend's collar. Junmyeon was dressed up in brown robes and if it weren't for the lightsaber that he was carrying, Baekhyun wouldn't have known what the older was dressed as.

Jongdae was wearing a Spider-Man suit and Baekhyun wanted to punch him. Jongdae turned around and spotted him. "Baek! I thought we were going as Spider-Man and Doctor Oct," Jongdae whined.

"I never said that."

"Who are you even supposed to be? You're showing too much leg," Jongdae chided. Junmyeon hit his boyfriend in the shoulder and Baekhyun thanked him.

The hotel door opened behind them, scaring Baekhyun. ""I heard voices," Chanyeol muttered. He was dressed in a straw hat and a red unbuttoned shirt. Baekhyun wanted to curse his luck. Of course Chanyeol had to go around looking hot the whole day.

"Wow, you look great Baek,” Chanyeol complimented. Baekhyun ignored the fake gagging that Jongdae was doing behind them. Instead Baekhyun just mumbled a thanks. "Okay guys. I have a plan. I'm going to take as many pictures with cosplayers. We're going to go to as many panels as we possibly can. We're also going to join a League of Legends tournament." Baekhyun beamed at this. He was a boss at League.

--

Baekhyun was mortified and Jongdae couldn't stop his laughter. Junmyeon was behind them asking what was wrong. Chanyeol was in front of their group trying to wave down a cosplayer. 

It was the fifth one in that hour and they all had a common theme in their outfits. The first one was Ursula from Little Mermaid. The second one was a mermaid/hybrid with tentacles attached to the tail. The third and fourth one were both a character from some anime. 

The fifth person was Doctor Octopus. Chanyeol was trying to wave down Jongdae, but the older was still laughing, keeling over trying to catch his breath. Baekhyun was glaring down at his friend as his boyfriend was patting his back trying to help him catch his breath. 

“You’re the worst friend ever. You’re also the worst wingman ever,” Baekhyun hissed. Chanyeol was waiting for them and trying to take a selfie with the cosplayer. Baekhyun helped Jongdae up and took him by the forearm harshly and dragged him over to where Chanyeol was. 

“Jongdae! He said we can take a picture together!” Chanyeol exclaimed excitingly. “Baek, can you take the picture?” Chanyeol asked shoving his phone in the shorter’s hands. Baekhyun just nodded. He watched as Jongdae and the cosplayer got in a fighting pose. Chanyeol positioned himself right in the middle, his hands outstretched as if trying to keep the two away from each other. Baekhyun rolled his eyes and took a few pictures. He handed the phone back to Chanyeol and pulled Jongdae aside letting Chanyeol talk to another cosplayer. 

“I can’t be the only one who’s noticed what’s happening,” Baekhyun hissed. Jongdae’s smirk returned to his face and Baekhyun hit his shoulder again. “He seems to be very into something.”

“Tentacles,” Jongdae replied with a straight face. Baekhyun’s eyes widened and he squeaked hitting his friend again. 

“Yes. Ugh this is so embarrassing,” Baekhyun cried out.