with nature and your instincts. Boxers too,” Naruto adds, quickly coming up with an excuse to get his son bare naked.

Boruto gives the other people one final shy look: Shikadai, Sarada, Mitsuki and Chōchō, they all appear to be oblivious to his presence.

Boruto's thumbs go underneath his waistband and he lowers his boxers over his perfectly round little bubble butt, tossing them to the side as well, leaving him with nothing but a headband on.

"Good, now come over here," Naruto commands, getting down on his knees.

Boruto obeys, silently standing completely nude in front of his father.

"Now pay attention to what I'm doing and how I'm doing it," Naruto instructs, before quickly sucking his son's soft boy cock into his mouth.

Boruto gasps at the warm, wet sensation, not expecting it at all, and his hands grab fist fulls of his father's slightly long blond hair in reaction. His small boyhood quickly hardens and shortly after he begins to happily buck his hips into his father's mouth. Naruto wastes no time bringing his son to the brink of orgasm, an easy task to be honest because of the boy's inexperience.

Naruto stops his sucking all of a sudden, getting up from the ground twirling Boruto's headband around his finger.

"When did you?" Boruto questions, realizing that it's gone and feeling his forehead for the missing headband.

"Now if you ever get captured by the enemy, you can easily swipe the cell keys from the guard by using this technique as a distraction. Now you try," Naruto explains, his needy semi-hard dick ready for some attention.

Boruto eagerly tries to take in his father's massive meat, but he can barely get most of the head into his small mouth. He tries sucking, licking and lapping at his dad's bulbous gland instead, but Boruto's inexperience shows and Naruto is unsatisfied with the poor blow job.

However, Naruto notices Boruto beginning to fondle himself as he attempts to copy his father's dick sucking technique.

"Oh, so you like sucking on your old man's cock?" Naruto questions with a Cheshire-like grin.

"Shut up… Maybe… Ah!" Boruto says, embarrassed to admit he actually likes it, then caught by surprise when a stray shuriken plants itself into the dirt next to him.

This catches the attention of Sarada as she is doing some target practice, she watches one of her shuriken ricochet and disappear with no explanation.

"Sharingan!" Sarada yells inwardly to herself, forming the ram hand sign to focus her chakra.

She can definitely see that something is there, a box of thick chakra, but her underdeveloped Sharingan can't penetrate the powerful barrier with only two tomoes at her disposal.

She has no idea what it could be, someone practicing a new jutsu, or maybe even a threat to the village, with the object's purpose completely unknown she decides to surreptitiously observe it at a distance from the outskirts of the training field in the tree line.

"Well now that you're decent at that technique, time to show you another," Naruto instructed, his breath hitching a tad and his member now fully erect.

"Ok!" Boruto says happily, perhaps a bit too excited to learn.

"Get down on all fours. Kiba showed me this a long time ago,” Naruto orders and reminiscences about the dirty fun he had with his pal in their youth.

Naruto begins to eat out his son's beautiful, hairless, pink, virgin asshole. Boruto's cock drips pre-cum as he experiences wave after wave of pleasure, elicit moans escape his mouth as his father licks his entrance, and soon he was tongue fucking the smaller boy's bum.

"Good, you're ready," Naruto says, finally penetrating Boruto with his huge cock.

"Ahhh, you're so warm and tight," Naruto comments breathlessly, thrusting deep into his son.

"Oh! Harder Daddy!" Boruto screams, his fingers dig into the dirt as his prostate is being hit over and over by his father's cock. Naruto quickens the pace of his son's rough fucking in response to the pleas.

By now most of the genin at the training field have turned in for the day.

Sasuke jumps down silently onto the branch Sarada has been observing from.

"You see it too, huh? You want to know what inside?" Sasuke asks smirking, knowing full well Sarada's curiosity will get the better of her.

"Yes, of course!" Sarada replies, a little too intrigued.

Sasuke briefly activates his rinnegan, switching places with the shuriken and teleporting Sarada as well as himself inside the barrier. The girl immediately gets wet as she observes Naruto balls deep in his own son, skin slapping together as Boruto is getting relentlessly pounded.

The incestuous father and son both freeze, startled by the sudden intrusion.

"S-sasuke sensei, S-sarada!" Boruto stutters out surprised. A deep crimson hue comes across his embarrassed face, obviously from the