here."

Balthazar hummed and just hung up but that was nothing new. Castiel had never known anyone with such bad phone etiquette, except maybe Gabe.

"Are you sure he’s your friend?"

Castiel almost jumped at the sound of Dean’s voice. Not that he had forgotten about the man — far from it — but the effect Dean’s deep voice was having on Castiel’s body was bordering on unnerving.

"Sure, he’s just a little odd. Uncle Zach isn’t wrong about that." He tried smiling but Dean was frowning and Castiel realized how his words might have sounded. "Not-not that I think Uncle Zach is right or… or anything, I just—"

"So Balthazar’s gay too?"

Castiel blinked. "Bi or pansexual or," He paused and pursed his lips in thought. Tried really hard not to notice how Dean’s eyes flickered down to his mouth. "Well, I don’t know exactly, he’s just really open-minded."

"That so?"

Dean’s eyes were really intense and were they standing closer than before? Had Dean moved closer when Castiel had his back turned? Castiel’s fingers tingled with the need to reach out for the man but why would Dean want that?

The sudden honking of Balthazar’s car made Castiel jump and God, he was standing so close to Dean. Their bodies almost brushed with the sudden movement and did Dean look irritated at being interrupted? Castiel was probably just projecting again.

"Are you crazy kids looking for a ride?" Balthazar called from the curb. He was grinning in his usual way but his eyes looked over Dean sharply. Castiel frowned in confusion but shook it off.

"Are you sure you’re good to drive?" he mumbled as he slid in beside Balthazar, Dean in the backseat directly behind Castiel. Didn’t make the back of Castiel’s head feel prickly at all, knowing Dean was behind him. Not at all.

Balthazar scoffed and clapped Castiel on the knee. "It’s fine, sweetie."

Castiel just sighed and leaned back after having buckled in. Balthazar’s hand was warm on his knee and he liked how it grounded him. Balthazar was his best friend, after all, and it felt good to be in his company. Being alone with Dean was stifling and not only in a good way.

"So did good ol’ unca Zach make a good impression on you?"

Castiel glanced over but realized Balthazar was talking to Dean through the rearview mirror. He couldn’t see Dean from where he was sat but he clearly heard the contempt in his voice when he answered.

"He called Cas out for being friends with you and made Cas seem stupid."

"Jesus." Balthazar muttered and squeezed Castiel’s knee. "Well, I’m sorry I’m such a bad influence on you, Cassie."

Castiel made a face and patted Balthazar’s hand. "It wasn’t that bad, nothing out of the ordinary."

"So fucking insane, then?"

Castiel rolled his eyes but Dean interrupted him by snorting.

"Understatement, dude. It was a hair’s breadth from gay-bashing."

"It wasn’t that bad."

Castiel was adamantly ignored by the other two.

"So I get why Cassie’s leaving, although he’s never done that before, good for you honey." Castiel wondered what the sudden need to give him endearing nicknames came from. "But why are you leaving too?"

"Ah, well…" Dean sounded embarrassed all of a sudden and there was some shifting around in the backseat. Castiel smiled fondly.

"Dean defended me against Uncle Zach and then had to leave. I decided to come with him."

"Well hell." Balthazar muttered. "He actually kicked you out? That’s never happened before, has it?"

"No, I left on my own. I didn’t want the evening to end with me punching Cas’ uncle."

Balthazar snorted out a laugh just as he turned down Boulder Drive to idle along towards their house. "I would’ve paid to see that, you know."

"Please don’t." Castiel mumbled and his cheeks burned when he heard Dean’s low growl.

"He was being an ass to you, Cas. He would’ve deserved it."

"He would’ve!" Balthazar exclaimed just as he pulled up to the curb outside Castiel’s house. "So, am I really dropping you off? You sure you don’t want to come to the party?"

Castiel made a face but didn’t have time to answer before Dean opened the door on his side.

"Thanks for the invite but I’m not going to a party with high schoolers. Thanks for the ride, though."

He left at that and Castiel’s stomach felt heavy and cold with what Dean had said. So he only saw Castiel as a high schooler after all. Well, it was the truth and was what Castiel had been thinking all along but it still