and see if she would lend her lap for a time,” offered Rumil. Haldir looked over his shoulder at Rumil, who was sketching once again, and waggled his tongue. A moment later, Erestor stepped into the room, took a look around, and began to retreat.

“Hold, Erestor, you do not have to leave.” Erestor turned back around at Celeborn’s words and gave a nod.

“I am sorry, it appeared I was intruding upon something,” Erestor said.

“Nonsense. There is nothing to apologize for.”

Erestor nodded once more and crossed the room to retrieve a book from the shelves and traveled back across the room. He left, but then came back in. “If I may ask, what are you doing?”

“I am going to tell a story once I think of one to tell,” Celeborn told him.

Narrowing his eyes, Erestor looked at Haldir sitting on the floor. “You’re not telling that balrog tale again, are you?”

Celeborn shook his head and Haldir stuck his tongue out at Erestor this time.

Erestor looked upon the volume in his hands, and saying nothing more, walked to the shelf to replace it before coming to sit next to Haldir on the floor. He folded his hands neatly in his lap and looked up expectantly. Celeborn felt Vilya fidget and he leaned his head down so that she could whisper into his ear. “No, no elf is ever too old to listen to a bedtime story.” Something else was whispered to him and he added, “Nor is any peredhel ever too old.”

Vilya relaxed once more, still thinking Erestor was being unusually silly, but she liked the dark elf immensely and often followed him around the house. She was told constantly by her parents not to pester him, but he always smiled and said it was nonsense to think she was a nuisance.

Looking down from her perch, she was pleased to see that Erestor was wearing his ‘snuggly robes’. Sometimes he had ‘scratchy robes’ – wool, her Nana often corrected her, or his ‘slippery robes’ – silk, her Ada said. But these were the ‘snuggly robes’ – velvet, she knew, but ‘snuggly’ sounded better to her. She slid off of Celeborn’s lap and bounded over to Erestor, finding a good spot in his lap to sit and sighing when Erestor loosely wrapped his arms about her. The extra material from his sleeves helped cover her feet and the peredhel was glad for the extra warmth on her toes. “I think your Ada has room for you on his lap now, Uncle Haldir.”

Haldir chuckled and patted Vilya on the head. “I am comfortable here on the floor, but I thank you for thinking of me.” Smiling to Erestor, he nudged the older elf with his shoulder. “Remember when I used to do that?”

“How can I forget? I was interrogated each time,” grinned Erestor.

“Only when I had Orophin with me,” Haldir corrected him.

Someone cleared their throat at the door and all of the elves looked over to see Legolas and Gimli standing in the doorway. “What about Dwarves? Are they ever too old for bedtime stories?” A grinning Legolas posed the question.

Celeborn gave some thought to this. “I have never known a Dwarf to be too old for a bedtime story.”

“Excellent. Come, Gimli!” Legolas tugged on Gimli’s sleeve, but left him at the door as he joined Rumil on the couch, leaving more than enough space for Gimli. Rumil watched with amusement as Gimli finally settled onto the couch. Obviously, the Dwarf hadn’t been too worried about whether he was too old to hear a story or not, but Legolas was fully concentrating on what Celeborn was going to tell them.

Making an attempt to begin again, Celeborn was interrupted by the twins, who rushed into the room with slightly panicked looks on their faces, which changed a little too quickly to relief when they spied the elflings. “Ah, El, here they are!”

“Just where you thought they’d be, El!”

“Now, Nana just said to find them, right?”

“She never specified what to do with them after we located them.” Elrohir paused, giving a look about the room. “Say...you’re not telling a bedtime story, are you, Granpapa?”

Legolas choked on a laugh, and Celeborn regarded the elf on the couch for a moment before looking at the twins. Both of them had questioning expressions, but Celeborn knew they were being faked. “Who else is waiting outside the door?” he asked.

Glorfindel sheepishly poked his head into the room before walking briskly to a chair.

“Oh, come on, let’s just go in.” Valarda pulled a snickering Orophin over to the floor where they sprawled out comfortably. Nenniach wandered in, and Rumil leaned his sketchpad against the side of the couch, offering his lap to her. Celebdreth and Elodien followed, hesitantly finding spots on the floor as well. Even Mitzi seemed to know something was going on, and stepped around the elves