. Wrap the swollen area with a sheet of garment leather to protect the skin, and then cast Winter's Grasp, an Elemental spell, at very low intensity, on the leather. Leave that for a short time, no more than an hour by the candle, but set the bones immediately when it comes off, because the swelling may become worse, afterward, if you do not take advantage of the moment.



Cramping can often be reduced with the application of heat, such as that in the Elemental spell Warm Hands. While a warm-runed stone is the best treatment, Warm Hands can be used on the cramped area in a circular motion, until the muscles release. Sometimes, having the patient drink hot tea will help, if the cramping is in the belly. In the case of belly cramping, check for other things that might be causing the cramps, like pregnancy, vomiting, inexplicable swelling, or pain -- these can be signs of a serious problem that requires a true healer. If warmth does not help or is not available, consider using Primal's Spark to tease the muscles into easing their grip.



Unsurprisingly, Warm Hands will do wonders, here, but it must be used with caution. Place the afflicted part in a bowl of water and heat that over half an hour to bring the skin back up to the expected temperature. Warming too quickly may cause swelling and splitting of the skin. If the entire body is chilled past what can be fixed with a blanket and a cup of broth, use a whole bath and damp rags for the face. Offer room-temperature drinks before anything warm, to give the body the opportunity to adjust and avoid internal swelling.

-- Excerpts from Beyond Creation: Healing Spells for Clinics without Healers, by Enchanter Inella of Kirkwall

Some of these solutions are fucking terrible ideas, but they're based on common trends in folk medicine. Thedas hasn't got the grip on biology or germ theory that we have in the modern world, partially because autopsy and surgery are banned in a lot of places because of concerns about blood magic.


References:


A collection of short snippets displaying the common, public-facing uses of magic and runework in Thedosian living and industry.


From the desk of the librarian of the Choir of Silence:
Gentlemen, for the seven hundredth time, do not shelve codices with your bare hands. It confuses the automata. Leave them on the shelving table, so the Silent Eye can recognise the titles and check them back in, before they are sorted back into the stacks.


A series of notes found tattered in a ruined shrine:
Octavian,
Have you lost your mind? Why would you copy that by hand? Send it back to me or give it to Marius, and one of us will have it done by morning!

Dumat bless your poor head! What were you thinking? Four thousand pages, and you can't even read the language!
-- Bib. Peristratos

Bibliothecarius,
I copy it by hand, instead of using the spells that would duplicate it perfectly because I don't speak the language, and I'm trying to learn it as I go. I can only hope that being immersed in these elven words will spark something in my mind, that I might remember them, later.
-- Octavian

Octavian,
It's utterly inspirational that you have chosen to pursue a study of a dead language that has so many secrets to offer us, but that doesn't change the fact that the book is deteriorating, and I desperately need a clean copy that can be put on the shelves and another to send back to Minrathous. Copy it the easy way a couple of times, and leave those on my desk, and I'll leave you to make your own copy in your copious free time.
-- Bib. Peristratos


From a glazier's essay on the change in glass quality in Marothius:
I have seen with my own eyes that glass is still made, in this age, with no magic at all, and often it is very fine work, excepting on the matter of windows, in which the evenness of the pane and its stability are the foremost concerns. The Ciriane slaves brought from the south make beautiful bottles and beads, but their panes are simply not suitable for use in public works. They blow the glass into monstrous tubes, which they then slice and flatten with a roller, leading to low-quality glass, mostly opaque and stranded with bubbles. Some shops will blow it round and spin the bubble flat, leading to thick-centred wheels with too-delicate edges, all of it streaky and not fit for looking through.

But, in the shops that use magic, we are able to maintain a stable high temperature, burning away the impurities that prevent a clear glass. Magical flame is far easier to control and maintain than any of the natural sorts, and the temperature is minutely adjustable across a range that cannot be achieved with natural fuels. Using shields and barriers, we shape the molten glass into the thinnest sheets available or into temple glass that can divert even a dragon's claw. We have no spills,