be heard and Erwin took a deep breath, thinking mainly with his penis at this point in time as he placed a large foot on the four inches of solid sill surface that lay between him and potential death, fingers gripping tightly to the drainpipe which now felt much more slippery than before and he boosted upwards with a grunt. Sweaty palms threatened to put an end to his adventure, squeaking across black metal and Erwin calmed himself, crouched uncomfortably in the window frame and teetering dangerously, feet no longer holding him steady.

"Shit…shhhhhiiiiit…"

It was all or nothing, backwards or forwards, now or never. He couldn't remain here so used momentum to his advantage, swinging a meaty leg out into the balmy evening and following it with something of a ballet-esque leap, body and other limb flying in an arc, all helped by the damp hold he had on the pipe. Levi shot to his feet as six foot two's worth of boyfriend crashed through his open window, socks first and sliding on the ledge, ass next. The final part of Erwin appeared, dropping to the floor like a sack of potatoes with a small cry of shock and Levi gaped in disbelief, heart pounding at the incredible noise that had just been created.

"Fuck! Erwin!"

He checked on the dazed and panting human quickly before padding silently to the door, sure that the teacher would be banging on it within seconds but he was pleasantly surprised, craning his neck to spot the chair at the far end of the hall. It seemed that other goings on had alerted their guard and taken him further away, a fact which made Levi smirk in excitement. Imminent danger cancelled, he turned to see Erwin standing in the dark room, topless and breathy, cheeks flushed with adrenaline.

"Finally."

Levi was on him in a flash, lips clumsy and unpractised, teeth clashing and hands roaming as they found one another's hair, pulling desperately in their feverish embrace. They'd made out countless times before, sometimes gently and sometimes passionate, however the current situation was not lost on either of them as clothing was grabbed at, both naked in a matter of seconds. The light from the television lit their journey to the bed, Levi's small frame jumping under the covers in a fit of self consciousness, sheet pulled up to his chin as Erwin slipped in beside him, their kiss picking up from where it had been left off.

Wet sounds accompanied the random groping, hot palms covering as much ground as possible and they lay face to face, limbs entwined and erections grinding on whatever they could find. Levi ran his hand through blonde locks, loving how they were still damp from a shower and the pads of his fingers rubbed at the soft brown flash at Erwin's neck, eliciting a purr of approval from the other man. Their friction proved effective and Levi tore himself away, mindful of not finishing so soon and he knelt soundlessly, allowing his heat to die down somewhat before moving to the foot of the bed, sloppy kisses following along Erwin's abdomen.

He hadn't a clue what he was doing, taking every single porno he'd ever seen and attempting to remember what was sexy and what should be good and Levi looked up, his chin brushing on coarse brunette curls as he licked at Erwin's base, the taller male shuddering under the moist touch. Pale hands grabbed hold of broad hips, adjustments made and Levi was on his knees, straddling Erwin's shins and he dipped, tentatively sucking at the red head which bobbed and twitched before him.

"Jesus Levi…"

Erwin bunched the covers in his right hand, the left one travelling to stroke black shiny hair kindly and Levi took what he could inside, causing a whimper of pleasure. He started up a rhythm, cheeks hollow and mouth slurping loudly, only managing half way down before lifting again, spit mixing with the taste of salt which he had already savoured briefly in the past. Levi didn't think to use his grip to cover more flesh, simply maintained the rapid motions in the hope that it felt nice, groans and sighs suggesting success and he grew bold, tonguing Erwin's vein in swift laps.

The blonde watched enraptured as they reached the longest tryst ever experienced, Levi's head jerking with fast nods and Erwin swallowed, lips parted and throat dry. He wanted to fill Levi's mouth for reasons he didn't quite understand, let go in what he assumed to be an extremely arousing fashion but Erwin also longed to have his partner in his arms again, reach their peaks together and he moaned softly, unable to move his eyes away from the show.

Levi gagged once, then twice, reflexes on high alert after the initial flinch and he pulled back, breathing shallow as he wiped his face.

"Sorry. But I doubt you want to see my dinner again."

Erwin could do little but shake his head, dumbfounded and fixated on the glistening bead of saliva on Levi's bottom lip and the short male smiled, proud of his ability to render his boyfriend speechless so he crawled up