.  And it was finals.  He wasn’t going to be able to cover himself, though.  Instead, he hid behind some familiar sarcasm.

“I know you think you’re, like, some kind of intergalactic space bimbo magnet…”  John wrinkled his brow quizzically.  “But don’t you think you should be studying, too?  You know, finals? That strike a bell?”

John tilted his head.  “Elizabeth’s going to Israel for the summer.  And anyway there’s not really anything I need to study for yet.”

“Well, yeah, I don’t need to study, either,” Rodney said defensively.  John had crossed his arms over his chest, tucking his hands into his armpits.  Now, all Rodney’s attention was drawn to his stomach, which was remarkably flat and firm-looking.  He could literally see the bones of John’s hips curving down into his waistband.  The patch of dark hair from his belly button, too, leading down.  John Sheppard looked far too relaxed, and Rodney just couldn’t stand it anymore.  He pushed himself off of the wall, intending to turn around and go back to the studying he didn’t need to do.  But he must have misjudged the distance, because all of a sudden he was way too close to his roommate.  Clearly, John thought so, too, because he had uncrossed his arms and was looking decidedly less relaxed.

Rodney wasn’t sure whether he leaned up or John leaned down—it was probably both—but he didn’t care because for the first time in a year and a half all the annoyance, all his irritation at his roommate dissipated.  They kissed with all the stored up tension of those long months, and Rodney could almost read their story from John’s point of view in the kiss; the living basically on top of each other in a 14 by 14 room, the clashing personalities and battle of wits, John’s initial hurt at Rodney’s sharp tongue and his later delight in baiting him, his loneliness…  It was smooth and fierce at the same time, and as first kisses, first kisses that came completely out of the blue, went, it felt so natural he almost forgot they hadn’t been kissing for months.

They pulled away before either of them got too caught up in it, Rodney staring up at John with wide eyes.  John turned his face away a little under the scrutiny, and Rodney could see the tension in his jaw, but John was still holding onto Rodney’s upper arms, breathing too heavily. 

A door opened down the hall, and John glanced around hastily.  Still holding onto Rodney’s right arm, he ducked back into their room.

 

“What just happened?” he asked accusingly, as if it were all Rodney’s fault.

Rodney gestured mutely.  “Well,” he whispered.  “I, uh, think we just kissed.  Which is really not what I expected was going to happen when you brought your girlfriend here tonight.  Not, not to say that it wasn’t—”

He stopped short when he saw John’s wide eyes.  Rodney followed his gaze up to John’s bunk behind him.  Elizabeth was sitting up in bed, a shocked and slack expression on her face.  Oh, shit.  Rodney had thought she was asleep.  She scrambled down out of bed, grabbing her things when she got to floor level.

“Elizabeth!”

She held up her hand.  “Don’t.”

“It wasn’t—it wasn’t,” John said desperately.

“I don’t know what you think you’ve been doing, John Sheppard, but it obviously was something,” Elizabeth said, indicating John and Rodney’s shorts with her eyes.  Rodney looked down involuntarily and realized that John was every bit as aroused as he had thought he alone was.  “You clearly have something to work out.”  She rubbed her hand over her eyes.  “Believe it or not, this isn’t the first time this has happened to me.  Not quite so…dramatically, but…it felt just as bad the first time.  So, let’s just…leave it at that, okay?  Goodbye, John.”

The door would have slammed behind her, but they didn’t slam in this dorm.  In the deathly quiet of her departure, John slumped down onto Rodney’s bed.  They didn’t usually share what small personal space they had in this little room, but Rodney sat down next to him, his heart both pounding and racing.  He waited for John to say something, but his roommate was silent, staring down at his clasped hands.

“Look, I, uh,” he was gesturing with his hands again.  “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry.”

“ ‘S not your fault.”

“No, of course it’s not my fault, but we’re kind of…in this together?  Now?”

“I really didn’t think Elizabeth would wake up.  She usually sleeps so