baby. We need to protect this little—little—okay I’m going to stop. They’re shooting daggers at me with their eyes,” Lance cooed, but immediately grew afraid as Pidge glared at him. He tried to avoid their gaze, but their eyes were locked on him, as he moved his head, Pidge was following him.

            “Yeah don’t mess with them. If looks could kill you’d be dead five times over,” Keith stated. Pidge broke their stare down and nodded in agreement with him.

            “Lance you literally just turned nineteen. You are barely two years older than them,” Hunk said with an eye roll. Lance narrowed his eyes at him.

            “Okay, but did we need to point that out?” he grumbled.

            “Wait, so Keith is the oldest? Keith you’re the dad friend now. You have to take responsibility for us,” Pidge said with a laugh.

            “Pidge I can’t even take care of myself responsibly. I am not being in charge of you guys. Most of y’all are adults anyway,” Keith sighed.

            “Did he just say y’all?” Lance asked in a hushed voice, leaning towards Pidge. Pidge snickered.

            “He says it sometimes. Y’aint as well. He’ll explain another time,” Pidge whispered back. Lance gave them a thumbs up and leaned back up. Keith was glaring at the two of them, arms crossed again. Jeez, did this guy ever loosen up?

            “I heard that,” he said sternly.

            “No you didn’t,” Pidge said nonchalantly. Keith glared at Pidge, Pidge smirked at him and it was silent for a few moments during their stare down. Hunk and Lance exchanged a few glances. But after another moment, Keith and Pidge just smiled and laughed with each other.

            “So like, what do you guys wanna do? Hunk and I are free ‘til three, so,” Lance said, putting his hands behind his head and putting a foot up on the table.

            “I’m actually pretty hungry. But uh,” Keith said, pulling on a few strands of hair.

            “But what?” Pidge asked.

            “Nothing, never mind,” Keith said. Lance looked over at him with a heavy heart. Keith just looked so sad and helpless. Did he not have money?

            “Hey, I’m pretty hungry too. Keith, come with me. I’ll show you the food area,” Lance said, standing up. Keith just shook his head, causing Lance to sigh. “Keith, come with me.”

            Keith grumbled under his breath and stood up to walk with Lance. They walked shoulder to shoulder again, despite there being even more room to walk. But Lance wouldn’t complain. He enjoyed the shock that went through him every time he touched Keith. He couldn’t explain it, but it was nice. It made him feel warm all over.

            “Okay so, welcome to the food. It’s like a mall food court here. There’s a pizza shop, a Subway, a Chinese place, soup and coffee. All in this central area. Pretty nice if you ask me. Now, what do you want to eat?” Lance said, turning towards Keith.

            “I’m fine. I just came to walk with you because you insisted,” Keith shrugged.

            “No, wrong answer. What do you want to eat, Keith? It’s on me today,” Lance said, nudging him. “Really, get whatever you want. I’ll pay for it, okay? I’ve got college cash and actual cash. If you’re hungry, I’m not gonna let my friend just starve. No matter the circumstance. And don’t worry about paying me back.”

            “Uh, th-thanks Lance. That’s really, um, sweet of you…?” Keith stammered. Lance grinned at him and bumped him again.

            “Don’t sweat it buddy. We gotta look out for each other, yeah?”

            “Yeah. We do.”

            Lance couldn’t see it fully with his head turned away, but he was sure he saw Keith smiling. And a full smile too. Usually he got little half-smiles, but this… this could be the real deal. His heart skipped a beat in his chest and he licked his lips nervously.

            “So, uh, what do you want to eat?” he asked again.

            Keith looked all around at all the choices before saying, “Pizza. Greasy, delicious, pizza.”

            “Excellent choice! This little place has the best New York style pizza I’ve ever had that’s not in New York,” Lance grinned. He steered Keith over to the pizza line, getting behind a really tall guy with a slouched beanie. Keith accidentally bumped into said tall guy and he turned around.

            “Oh! Lance! Hey buddy!” said the tall guy.

            “Rolo! My man! What’s up? Haven’t seen you