tossed three fluffy white towels at Freddie and Arthur, one for each man and one for the wet cat. Arthur dried himself off before changing into different clothes. When he finished, he found Freddie staring at him, a strange expression on his face.

"What is it?" Arthur demanded.

"Thank you," Freddie mumbled. "I don't know how you knew, but I think if you hadn't been there..." a dark cloud crossed over his face and he shivered.

"Well, the cat woke me up," Arthur admitted. "That's how I knew."

Freddie turned to smile at the cat. "Thanks, Hero."

“I suppose he has some uses after all,” Arthur grudgingly admitted. He crawled back into his makeshift bed and wrapped himself tightly in the warm coats.

“Are you two done?” Yao interrupted. “I’m ready to go back to sleep.”

"But what if it happens again?" The teen asked, a slight tremble in his voice.

Arthur sighed and climbed off the floor. He pushed their suitcases in front of the door. "There," he said. "That'll stop you."

"Thanks," Freddie murmured, doubling the number of times he had ever shown Arthur gratitude. He even gave Arthur a small smile.

Arthur curled up on the floor again and tried to tell himself that the warmth in his cheeks came from the heat of his makeshift blankets.

He was a good liar, but even he didn't believe that one.

Happy Birthday, Bex! Here's some fem!Russia as Sophie just for you :D


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

After two nights of smooth sailing, they arrived in Diamonds on a perfect spring day. The ship sailed along the river that cut through the heart of Triomphe, bringing them closer and closer to their goal. For as much as he had dreamed about this moment, Arthur found himself filled with a strange sense of unease.

His companions didn’t seem to share his concerns. Yao had been particularly fastidious in choosing his outfit that morning in anticipation of their meeting with Vanya. Lost in his own thoughts, he stared off dreamily into the distance.

A little to their left, Freddie gawked in unabashed delight as he took in the sights of Diamonds. He watched people sip coffee outside cozy cafes as others strolled along the banks of the river. The tree-lined streets were filled with people, carriages, and new-fangled automobiles. Gaping in amazement, Freddie leaned over to get a better look the autos.

“Be careful!” Arthur warned. He grabbed the back of the young man’s suit jacket to stop him from splashing into the river.

Oblivious to the danger, Freddie took a step closer to Arthur and pointed to the lively streets. “Ooh, I want to eat outside! And then let’s go for a ride in one of those,” he eagerly proposed, gesturing to a dark blue automobile.

“Impress the dowager’s cousin and you can dine wherever you want,” Arthur replied patiently, trying to keep Freddie focused on their goal. “And I’m sure she has a chauffeur who could drive you around town.”

Freddie pouted. “I don’t want a chauffeur. Where’s the fun in that?”

“The ‘fun’ is that someone sees to your every whim and makes sure that you want for nothing. You’ll have a life of luxury without having to lift a finger,” Arthur explained. A hint of bitterness crept into his tone as he thought about how much work it took to provide an upper-class lifestyle, not that the nobles had ever spared a thought to their servants’ burdens. And yet, as much as he had disliked the system, he still dreamed of having enough wealth to enjoy the same level of luxury himself. He wasn’t sure if he was a hypocrite or just a fool, but either way it left a sour feeling in his chest.

“That doesn’t sound fun.” Freddie wrinkled his nose in distaste.

Arthur snorted. “Well, you’d better get used to it. That’s how you’ll live once we reunite you with your grandmother.”

To his surprise, a look of disappointment settled on Freddie’s face. The teenager stared glumly at the happy people walking along the river promenade. “I didn’t think about what it would be like after… well, you know,” he said. He sounded nothing like his usual cheerful self.

“It doesn’t have to be that way,” Arthur said gently. After disappointing the boy, he felt the urge to return a smile to Freddie’s face. Just so that the young man would look good for his meeting with the dowager’s cousin, of course. “Royalty can do whatever they like. If you want to drive your own car, who’s going to tell you no?”

“Yeah…” Freddie perked up. “You’re right!”

“That’s the spirit.” Arthur grinned back. He noticed that