you want ?” Sehun breathed on his tummy, pushing back Junmyeon’s shirt. The latter lifted his hips and gripped the younger’s hand, urging him on without wording his request. Sehun smiled and took off his underwear, smirking at the sight of his boyfriend’s hard on. “Already ?” Glaring at him, Junmyeon only grunted and bit his own hand to stifle his noises.

Sehun licked his cock from base to tip, teasing him, before taking all of him in his mouth. Junmyeon moaned and bucked his hips up, wanting more of his younger lover’s hot mouth around him. Sehun hummed around his cock and began to bob his head, alternating between sucking, licking and deep throating him. Junmyeon was shortly reduced to a moaning mess, sweat pearling on his forehead and neck, while his mouth was wide open to breathe properly.

When Sehun sensed that his boyfriend was nearing his orgasm he stopped and let go of his dick, licking his lips while staring him down. “Will you make Baekhyun promise not to say or do anything tomorrow ?” He asked sweetly, jerking Junmyeon’s off as slow as he could. “Fuck Sehun…!” Sehun stopped and gripped his hard on suddenly making his lover cry out. “Fucking fuck…Sehun !” His lover released him then and pecked the tip of his cock to make it up to him. “Ok ok I’ll do it. I’ll tell him and make sure he won’t ! Now can you please suck me off ?” Junmyeon mumbled, embarrassed.

Sehun beamed at him and finished his task, sucking him off quickly, swallowing his release when he came in his mouth a few seconds later. When the younger pulled out, tucking Junmyeon’s cock back in his boxers and pants, his lover was panting and recovering from his orgasm. Sehun pecked his lips and pushed his sweaty hair out of his face, smiling. “Don’t forget your promise” He chided.

“Not going to happen don’t worry” Junmyeon answered, grinning.

 

 

Once Sehun was alone again, his smile disappeared from his face and he slumped on his bed, defeated. If before he was terrified about the diner now he couldn’t help but feel helpless and miserable. What if tomorrow was a disaster ? Would Junmyeon break up with him then ? He doubted his lover would do something as drastic as that but he knew how important his parent’s approbation was to him.

 

 

When Junmyeon came to get him, Sehun was feeling restless. He fidgeted a lot and bit his lips without realizing it. His lover couldn’t help but stare at him, nervous and worried about him. Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea. Junmyeon had really wanted to introduce Sehun at his parents – and he would have done it sooner if possible, but looking at his lover’s state right now he wasn’t so sure. He didn’t want to put pressure on him, he just wanted to be able to gather together all the important people in his life.

“You know we can…cancel if you want. You seem ready to pass out…” He commented softly. Sehun turned his head from the window and smiled at him. “No, don’t worry. It’s ok, I’m just a bit nervous that’s all.”

A bit nervous was an understatement, Junmyeon thought.

Junmyeon fixed his tie once they stood in front of the door and smiled at him, pecking his lips. “All pretty”. Sehun smiled back but didn’t answer, not trusting his voice.

Junmyeon’s parents turned out to be very nice and patient with Sehun, questioning him about his life and hobbies. They were truly curious about him and didn’t look down on him while he talked about his past or family background. Junmyeon was smiling at him reassuringly, stroking his thigh under the table. Baekhyun wasn’t talking, silently listening to them and Sehun was glad, relaxing a little.

The conversation went on with Junmyeon talking about his studies with his parents and bickering with Baekhyun. Sehun just smiled politely and ate in silence, careful not to make a mess. He was trying to make himself scarce in hope that no one would talk to him – maybe they would forget him if he tried hard enough.

It wasn’t his lucky day it seems because as soon as Junmyeon ended talking, Junmyeon’s mother looked at him and began to question him about his studies. Sehun sat up very straight and stopped eating, wiping his lips with a napping and answered as best as he could. He threw a few glances in his boyfriend’s direction for help or any kind of approbation but Baekhyun jumped on the occasion to talk to his brother, waving at Sehun innocently. Fucker.

Sehun answered all Junmyeon’s mother questions smoothly. He was particularly proud of him when she laughed at one of his jokes. Sehun : 1 - Baekhyun : 0, he thought smugly.

Things got a bit awkward when Junmyeon’s mother asked them about their future plans though. “When do you plan