"Scrambled eggs?"  Sam nodded. Cas got milk and the bowl, "wanna crack the eggs Sam?"  Cas turned the stove on and watched Sam crack the eggs, making sure he didn't get the shell in the bowl. Cas added a little bit of milk and gave Sam the fork to mix it, after showing him how to mix it.  Cas poured the eggs in one pan and placed the bacon on the other.  Cas checked on Riley and she was happily sucking/chewing on her cereal.  Cas let Sam scramble the eggs but he did the bacon, not wanting him to get splattered by the grease.  When the food was almost done, Riley started crying, pushing the rest of her cereal onto the floor.  Cas jumped, muttering a quiet crap.  He bent and picked the cereal up, quickly taking Riley in his hands, "s-sh baby, you don't wanna wake daddy up. Hushh.  "Too late." A frozen teething circle appeared in front of Cas's face.  "You might want to try this. Terrible two's."  Cas looked to Dean, taking the sleepy look in and grabbing the teething circle from him, giving it to Riley. Who immediately started chewing it.  "You were supposed to be sleeping still."  Dean smiled, holding his hands out for his pup.  Cas handed her over and went to check Sam and the food. Dean sat at the table, bouncing Riley.   When the food was done, Cas plated the food for three and got drinks, sitting down.  Dean seated Riley in her height chair again and smiled at the plate of food in front of him, his having a lot of eggs and bacon.  "We made bacon De!"  Dean smiled, "I see that."  "We were gonna bring you breakfast in bed but that got ruined."  Dean shrugged, digging into his food,. "mmm. Still good."  "Happy birthday De!!!"  Dean smiled, ruffling Sam's hair, "thanks Sammy."  After breakfast, Cas washed the dishes, Dean joined him in drying.  "I asked Gabe to watch Sam and Riley today, thought we could spend the day alone together."  Cas had his eyebrows raised, Dean smiled widely, "are you implying what I think you are because if you are, then that would be a perfect birthday for me."  Cas grinned, "well besides that, I thought we could watch some movies and you know have the occasional make out which could always lead to more."  Dean huffed a laugh, "sounds perfect."  Cas grinned gummily, "I think Gabe set up a playdate with Michael so Caleb, Sam, and Zack can all play today."  "Okay. When do they go over?"  ~~~~~~~~~~~~  They hadn't gotten through ten minutes of the first movie before Dean was all over Cas.  Dean had climbed into Cas's lap, arms hooking around his neck, sucking on his tongue with his lips.  Cas' hands hooked themselves onto Dean's butt, rolling him onto his lap, hardening his length.  Dean broke for air, gasping and rolling his head up, eyes turning gold.  Cas growled, nipping at Dean's neck, rolling him hard.  Dean's hands unhooked from around Cas's neck and went to his pants, undoing the button and pulling out his cock.  Cas's mouth latched onto Dean's neck, sucking and biting, leaving dark bruises that would hurt later but felt amazing now.  "B-Baby- Alpha- W-Want your knot. Now."  Dean was pawing at Cas's pants, Cas froze from sucking another bruise into his mates neck, taking a breather.  "W-Wait. I don't have a condom Dean. They're in the bedroom."  Dean whined, grinding his hips down against him, "don't need it."  Cas gave him a face, eyes going from Alpha red to his sky blue once again, "Dean-"  Dean shook his head, whining, "please. I-I don't care if I get pregnant. I want more pups. I'm ready," Dean grinded down, keeping a steady pace, "aren't you ready baby, Alpha? Don't you want more puppies. Sam's older now and so is Riley. Everything is going so good. We're ready."  Cas stared into Dean's eyes, that had also gone back to their normal color, at the emotion flowing in them. The want. Not just for the sex but to be pregnant again, the connection.  Cas surged forward and kissed Dean deeply, hands curling into Dean's hair, following it with pecks, "okay, okay."  That made Dean grin, sitting up a little to move his pajama pants off his ass, no boxers underneath.  Cas rose an eyebrow at Dean, who shrugged.  "I was planning on morning birthday blowjob or something. But that didn't obviously happen, but this makes up for it."  Cas rolled his eyes, Dean surged forward and captured his lips with his own.