moments.



"I-its Okay.... Please, J-Just tak-ke Goth and g-get out of her-re." Geno said, Preparing for his life to take its toll.



Death could only sit there and stare as he tried to fix the cut on the other's chest-bones which was overflowing with blood.



"H-heh, You nev-ver change, Snarky Asshol-le." Geno spoke up with a chuckle, Trying to push the other off of him.



"Pl-ease, No! Don't die on Me!" Reaper panicked. But, if he was Death, why was he helping Geno?



"Its Okay, Ev-verything is a-alright." Geno cried out, Gently stroking the other's cheek, Humming Softly.



 "As if nothing ever happened, 



 the world continues revolving till the next season. 



 Like flowing clouds, 



 I keep walking forward alone..." 



Reaper started to cry, as his lover's eyes started to drift close.



 "Farewell, farewell to the sky beyond, 



 I can't forget your last smile that I saw. 



 Embrace me once again with those arms, 



 For it is a promise i believe in..." 



Geno's eyes closed, and he passed on in Death's arms.



Tears fell from Reaper's eyes as he held his lover, Murmuring back the song as he pressed his teeth against the other's in their final kiss.



 "Farewell, farewell to the sky beyond, 


I can't forget your last smile that I saw..." ---- "D-Daddy? What happened t-to M-mommy?" Goth said, Sorry shaking him.

The two could only hold eachother as there sat the Cold, Dead body of one so close with them not to long ago...

Silence filled the air with sorrow once again.

Reaper held his child in his lap as they sat there, Just processing whst had happened.

It had all been a good Morning, why had this had to all happen now? Reaper Gently let go of Goth and Goth walked out of the room.

"Geno, please come out. I know you're somewhere in here." Reaper called out, Trying to hold back tears.

But he knew Geno wouldn't show up, For he was dead. Reaper didn't know why he was calling out for Geno, Infact, He should just be showing now emotion.

But no, Here he is, Crying out for His dead lover. He swore he could feel a cold hand placed upon his shoulder.

"P-please look at me." A so familiar voice called out to the Crying Skeleton below. Reaper Immediately lit up.

"Wait a m-minute, i must b-be imagining things. Geno is d-dead, right in front of m-me." Reaper said, Trying to confront himself.

"R-Reaper please. I d-don't have much time." Geno's Spirit tried to calm the other down, But he just wouldn't listen.

"N-no, Y-your not real...." He spoke to the spirit.

"A-am i? Well i g-guess i sorta a-am." Geno spoke out with a chuckle, As he stroked the other's cheekbone, Wiping the tears away.


"At a faraway place where I learned the warmth from distant past,



I received courage as we gently grew closer."


Geno's Sprit gently wrapped Reaper into a hug, As the other started crying.


"As if nothing ever happened, the world continues revolving till the next season.



Like flowing clouds, I keep walking forward alone..."


Geno stroked Reaper's cheek as The other ended up in an Emotional Break-Down. Geno Sang again, In a Soft, Warming tone.


"Farewell, farewell to the sky beyond,



I can't forget your last smile that I saw."


Geno Pulled Reaper over his shoulder and let the other cry his heart out, Trying To comfort him.


"Embrace me once again with those arms,



For it is a promise i will believe in...."


The Skeleton and The Spirit sat in silence. Geno Pulled Reaper into a small kiss.

"P-please... Please don't l-leave me.." Reaper said, Clinging on to Geno's Spirit as he cried.


"Farewell, farewell to the sky beyond,



I can't forget your last smile that I saw."


Geno repeated the first to last verse of the song as He comforted Reaper, But he could slowely feel his spirit fading away.

"N-no.. Don't g-go!" Reaper spoke out, Trying to keep Geno with him.

Geno just softly smiled. "Please, take care of our child for me, Okay?" Geno said, As he faded away. He gave Reaper one last kiss, And he was gone.

Reaper just sat in silence as He tried to hold back tears, Saddened at the fact that he won't ever see Geno again.

He went in the hallway, And Goth was gently curled up against the