flashes across his own swollen mouth, and he takes one of Kris’s hands and drags it down from his nipple to where his cock is jutting against Chanyeol’s bare belly.

 

“Chanyeol, I think your boy is getting impatient.” Kris murmurs against Jongin’s neck even as he wraps his long fingers around the thick, hot weight of his cock.  Jongin lets out a sigh of faint relief at the contact, his hands encircling Chanyeol’s biceps and squeezing.

 

“Oh?” Chanyeol says, holding Jongin high on the ribs, brushing the pads of his thumbs over Jongin’s nipples.  Jongin makes a soft noise between a moan and a whimper, and Kris strokes a long hand over Jongin’s throat as Jongin tips his head back onto Kris’s shoulder.  Kris squeezes his hand around Jongin’s dick, just tight enough to make Jongin gasp with need, and Chanyeol frowns and bats Kris’s hand away sharply.

 

He takes over with a fist around Jongin’s cock, his movements slow and clumsy for a moment until he finds a more comfortable position for his wrist, and Kris is kissing him again, and between the two of them he’s got no breath left even to moan.

 

“Hyung—” Jongin breathes when Kris takes a nipple between long fingers, too winded to really say much, but the word is wrung from his throat helplessly.  He doesn’t even know which of them he’s addressing.  It’s all too much—Chanyeol’s hot palm stroking smoothly along the underside of his dick, of the shape of Kris’s cock pressed into the cleft of his ass through loose basketball shorts, of Chanyeol’s ragged breathing as Jongin attacks his mouth to keep himself from breaking apart too early.

 

“Can I fuck you?” Chanyeol says into Jongin’s panting mouth, and Jongin breaks away to take a deep breath, eyes wide even as he ruts forward automatically into Chanyeol’s grip.

 

“Yes,” He murmurs, grabbing at Chanyeol’s hair to ground himself, “but what about Kris hyung?” The last word dies out on his tongue as long fingers suddenly trace up the insides of his thighs from behind, teasing him; he curves unconsciously into the touch, coming up on his knees to urge those hands into going right where he wants them.  He tries to look over his shoulder, but then he catches Kris’s eye in the mirror.

 

“Don’t worry about me,” Kris says with a laugh, “Just enjoy yourself.”

 

Chanyeol lets out a long, shaking breath, cupping Jongin’s balls in one warm hand and squeezing gently before sliding his fingers up to drag them down the cleft of Jongin’s ass.  Jongin whimpers, pushing back against the touch, his Adam’s apple jumping in his throat as he swallows a louder noise out of instinct alone.

 

“You don’t have to worry about being heard.” Kris mutters knowingly, and Chanyeol lets out a soft, low moan that might have something to do with the way Jongin bites Chanyeol’s lip sharply.  “Nobody but us here.  Not even Joonmyun to bother you.”

 

“He doesn’t bother me.” Jongin says, smiling against Chanyeol’s mouth even as his tongue slips out to mesh sloppily with Chanyeol’s again.  “He’s a pretty fantastic fuck.”

 

“So we hear.” Kris says dryly.  “He apparently isn’t much a fan of all the noise we make...”

 

Jongin moans, loud and unrestrained, when Kris holds him open with one hand, teasing around his entrance with the other, rubbing the pad of his thumb rapidly over the tight pucker until Jongin’s breathing breaks hot and panting against Chanyeol’s cheek.

 

“Fuck, please.” Jongin whines, glassy-eyed and puffy-mouthed where he’s been biting his own lips, red and swollen from where Chanyeol has sucked on them like candy.   “No more teasing.  Just do it.”

 

Kris passes Chanyeol a little bottle, and Jongin takes a deep breath, arching his back again, shameless in his need and desperation.  Kris murmurs something obscene and braces against Jongin’s ass, kneading the firm flesh before spreading him open again for Chanyeol’s fingers, now dripping wet and cold with lube.

 

“Chanyeol,” Jongin mutters, his neat fingernails digging into the back of Chanyeol’s neck.  Chanyeol bites his own lip, drags fingertips across Jongin’s tight entrance before sinking only the tip of one finger inside Jongin at first, then another right away, stretching him open shallowly.  Jongin is panting already, his hips rutting erratically against the open air, and when Kris strokes big hands up the insides of his thighs and converge on his dick, he’s pretty sure he’s going to explode.

 

But Kris moves away after a couple of slow, tight strokes, and Chanyeol finally buries his fingers deeper, gritting his teeth against the pain in his wrist but not daring to move them.  “God, you’re tight.” Chanyeol hisses.  “Fuck, I’m worried I won’t