.

The youngest Winchester pulls his hands into his lap.

"Uh… I’m thankful for my family, and my friends and … uh, Jess-" he ducks his head when he mentions his girlfriend’s name. Dean makes a teasing noise in response which gets a glare from Mary.

"Shut up, jerk."

"Bitch."

"Boys, language."

"Sorry, sir." Is the chorused reply to their father’s reprimand, but it doesn’t stop them from pulling faces at each other and you’re pretty sure Dean kicks him under the table, but you can’t call him out on it because Mary interjects.

"Dean, what’re you thankful for?"

Dean looks like a deer in headlights when he’s called upon and you’re amused, smile pulling at your lips.

He clears his throat, fiddles with his fork and shrugs.

"Well, I guess it’s the same stuff Sam said-" he starts off serious, but the way his lips curve up from the edge tell you there’s a joke to come. "-especially Jess ‘cause God knows where he’d find a girlfriend if it wasn’t for her-"

"Hey!"

"Boys." Mary says sternly.

Her sons have the decency to look shameful but you can’t help your amusement.

"Dean. Go on." She encourages but the man in question is suddenly looking nervous.

"Maybe Dad should go, mine’s the same as Sammy’s anyway so-"

You place your hand on his thigh comfortingly when he breaks off. He takes a deep breath – you watch the rise and fall of his chest – and places his hand over yours.

"I’m thankful for my family, and my friends, but mostly…" he pauses and swallows. "…I’m thankful for y/n. I’m thankful for everything." The atmosphere tightens slightly and frankly, you’re thankful when Sam makes a teasing noise, much like his brother had before. Laughter breaks out in the room and you’re glad to see a smile on Dean’s face once more.

John goes next—thankful for his boys and his wife, and their friends, and that he’s here to see them all so happy. Mary aww’s and repeats the sentiment but phrased in her own way.

"y/n, would you like to go next?"

You shrug, "Sure." Dean intertwines your hands and you throw him a smile.

"Um- I guess I’m thankful for my car-" there’s a bark of laughter from John and you think it sounds like approval. When he pats Dean on the shoulder afterward, you’re sure it is.

"-and now, after having the opportunity to meet you all, I’m thankful for you guys. Especially, how you’re all here for Dean."

You rub a hand across your forehead, debating whether you should delve into how you’re feeling. Your last thought is fuck it before you do.

"To be completely honest, I was nervous about coming here tonight. I was worried you wouldn’t like me—that you wouldn’t… approve. I mean, it doesn’t help that I’m socially awkward as it is, but for you to open your home to practically a complete stranger, based on a few words about me from your son, I think, speaks highly of how much trust and affection you all share for each other."

You glance up to meet John and Mary’s gaze respectively. They’re listening intently, smiles fond, but you can feel the prickle at the corner of your eyes.

"I guess what I’m trying to say, is that I’m incredibly grateful that Dean has you all."

You turn to face Dean when you feel him squeeze your hand. Your heart’s pattering away in your chest and you know all their eyes are on you.

"I’m thankful for you." You have chance to murmur before he leans forward and kisses you, chaste and appropriate for a family setting. Your hand goes up to cradle his jaw automatically. When he pulls away there’s nothing but love in his eyes and a smile on his face.

"Remind me to show you my bedroom later." He murmurs quietly, for your ears only and you blush.

Mary catches your hand in hers and says, "We’re here for you, too."

You nod appreciatively, as you clear your throat and you all dig in. The atmosphere eases, once more, into its relaxed state.

You offer to help clean up but Mary declines, smiling in the direction of her sons stood together laughing quietly about something until Dean ruffles Sam’s hair and the latter pulls out of it, smile still on his face.

"You should join the boys, have fun, John’ll be here in a minute anyway."

You take her instruction but Dean meets you halfway by the staircase. He grabs your hand and tugs you up the stairs.

"