, he feels Touya's knee pressed to his thigh, a touch that is unassuming but rather like Touya's longing curled into a question mark – and Yukito wonders if they have made the transition correctly, from friends to King and Priest to whatever this moment means, whatever Touya meant but grabbing his arm and kissing the corner of his mouth; the expression on his face afterwards, like Touya himself was just every bit of surprised as him.

`You can ask me anything, Your Majesty,´ he replies, Your Majesty is an afterthought and a trap and the only way Yukito has of drawing a line and seeing if Touya wants to cross it or not.

Touya shakes his head, pained. The weight of his hand on Yukito's shoulder, resting sadly, becomes unbearable.

`You are good at seeing the future. Did you see this as well?´ Touya asks, his voice catching emotion inadvertently, carefully covering something. His voice like dusk trapped in a cave underground. Dark, volatile, aching to be freed.

`This?´ Yukito asks.

He finds that suddenly words are important. He has grown used to Touya's silence and his own, the way they know each other by instinct and heart, the way a wild trust in each other mean they can do without words. Yukito wants them now.

Touya offers no words. He places a kiss against the hollow of Yukito's neck, careful and terrified, like adoring the statue of some ancient deity, that kind of reverence, that kind of fear of losing him. It's that what makes Yukito tremble in response, not the touch of lips over his skin.

`This,´ Touya repeats, voice damp and wounded with desire. He slides one hand under Yukito's robes, under his shirt and places it over his stomach, fingers spreading in a semi-circumference, accompanying the movements of breathing in and breathing out, fingertips listening for heart-drumming.

`Did I see this in my predictions?´ Yukito repeats, trying the question out on his tongue, unable to tell which answer would be a lie, and which the truth. He asks: `Would it change anything if I said yes?´

Touya raises one eyebrow. He props himself on his palms – his knee brushes Yukito's leg and he somehow is missing it already, the warmth of the king's body so close – to take a better look at Yukito.

Yukito looks away, over Touya's shoulder and at the ceiling, the dome, the sphere, the detailed paintings covering it. Yukito wonders how many years it took to build. It has always been here, this place. Touya has always been here, since he can remember, all his life, and Yukito has trouble imagining not being the one by his side, in battles and in official ceremonies, attending to his little sister when she is ill, or giving advice to Touya about new plans. Maybe they are too many of these things, to be this, too. Yukito experiences the fear of change, and it's a bitter taste at the back of his throat.

Touya puts his fingers against his cheek and makes Yukito look at him.

`It wouldn't change what I feel,´ he says. `But I admit I'd like it if this wasn't part of your predictions. That this was something about me and you only.´

He kisses him. Yukito opens his mouth under Touya's and soon Touya is leaning against him again, letting his weight and the weight of his days and decisions and worries find a place to rest. He makes a falling, sighing noise that Yukito swallows whole, the taste something new, something not on his books of magic and certainly not in his predictions.

The visions were there – a king pressing his priest against cold stone floor, Yukito saw those images as if outside his own body, he heard the noises of love-making, the rustle of clothes and scrape of knees against white marble. He witnessed how it would go: the hand upon his hip, the hand between his legs. The moment when Touya would turn him over and press his mouth to his nape, everything that comes after that, the heat, the dampness, what the change would do to them, it might have been written somewhere, it might have been chosen before they chose it, but Yukito is beginning to believe otherwise. He heard his name in Touya's voice and Touya's name in his own and held it as some sort of chant, holy words, salves against evil times. His visions did not have the warmth of the back of Touya's neck when he places his hand there.

(It might have been chosen before they chose it, but they chose it, all the same.)

No prediction could have prepared him for the reality of it.

He breaks the kiss and smiles at Touya.

`There are many things that will always be about you and me only,´ he tells him and twists one finger into Touya's dark hair, watching his eyes as the King studies the sincerity of his