Dean said. Even with the monotone, there was a hint of concern in the voice. Dean turned around and saw Castiel, wearing his usual, light brown trench coat. He stood there, silently staring at Dean.

"Well?!" Dean shouted. "What are you waiting for?!"

***************

Castiel pressed a finger against Dean's forehead, and both of them appeared in an open field covered in perennial flowers of various colors. A scrawny man with a white dress shirt and a grey vest looked at Dean. Dean recognized him instantly.

Dean looked at Castiel and asked, "What is Garth doing here?"

"That's not Garth," Castiel replied.

Dean, not thinking clearly, gripped the collar of the man who looked like Garth and shouted, "Who the hell are you!" He pushed the man down and stormed over to Cas yelling, "He's a shifter, isn't he?!"

"I'm Zadkiel," the man stated.

"I don't care what your name is!" Dean roared.

Zadkiel looked over at Castiel, his eyes brooding with confusion and concern. It was clear to him that Dean was mostly angry at himself, but his rage was getting out of control. He exhaled sharply and looked at Dean, "I'm not a shapeshifter. I want to help you."

"I don't need help!" Dean shouted, folding his arms.

"I'm the angel of forgiveness," Zadkiel explained. He slowly and cautiously walked over to Dean.

Dean's anger disappeared and was replaced with a mixture of confusion and guilt, "Garth became a werewolf."

"He did," Zadkiel confirmed. "Angels can't possess a human once they turn into a monster unless that human is their true vessel, and they possessed them at least once before they turned. Do you remember that case in Kearney, Missouri, where you hunted a spectre? That was me, not Garth."

Dean scoffed and shook his head, "No. That was definitely Garth!"

Zadkiel chuckled. "I'm glad I was convincing."

"To be fair, he was convincing because he and Garth aren't too different," Castiel commented.

Zadkiel held up a finger, ready to defend himself. After a bit of silence, he lowered his finger and shook his head, "I can't argue with that." He looked Dean straight in the eyes and said, "I'm here to help you forgive yourself, not explain how I'm so good at acting like my vessel."

"You're a good man, Dean," Castiel stated.

"I killed Sam," Dean told Castiel. "How could a good man kill someone they love?" His voice was slightly higher than usual, and tears flooded down his cheeks.

"When you beheaded Sam, did you intend on killing him?" Zadkiel asked.

Dean glared at Zadkiel. How could he ask that kind of question? "No. That doesn't mean anything. I still did it."

"It does mean something, Dean," Zadkiel countered. "It means that you care about Sam and would never want to hurt him. If a nightmare like that affects you, it means you are a good man. A monster wouldn't care. They wouldn't feel remorse, anger, or grief. You're afraid of losing Sam. Tell me how that doesn't make you a good man."

Dean didn't say a word. He stared at the flowers in front of him. The tears continued to flow down his face. Zadkiel was right about one thing. He was afraid of losing Sam. Sam died before, but there was going to be a time when Sam's death was permanent. He couldn't accept that. Sam was all he had left. "How can I forgive myself?" He asked as he bawled.

Zadkiel put his right hand on Dean's shoulder. "You start with seeing yourself as a good person. You're the reason everything is still here. If it weren't for you and your brother, this world would have been destroyed. Even on a smaller scale, you saved the lives of others when all hope was lost. You stand strong in the face of danger. Thanks to you, people can sleep safely at night."

Dean's tears slowed down, but they didn't completely stop. "I have done terrible things as well."

"How do you feel when you do terrible things?" Zadkiel asked.

"Bad," Dean answered. He couldn't understand why the angel asked that question. He already knew the answer. That was why he was here. If he didn't feel bad about the terrible things, Zadkiel wouldn't need to convince him to forgive himself.

"You have made mistakes, and I'm not here to tell you that you didn't," Zadkiel explained. "I'm here to tell you that you need to put what you did in the past. You can't change it now. As for your brother