don’t want you ripping out all the blankets and making a mess of the living room every day.”

            “But why not?” Minseok yelled and fell silent when Chanyeol brought his hand down again.

            “Because messes aren’t okay,” Chanyeol growled.

            They both stayed silent for a few moments, Chanyeol’s palm resting on Minseok’s thigh; the bunny’s face buried in Chanyeol’s leg. After a long minute, Minseok finally nodded. “Okay,” the bunny whispered, his voice thick with tears – a tone Chanyeol recognized from when the hybrid has been upset in the past. “I won’t do it again,” he mumbled.

            “Good boy,” Chanyeol sighed as he pulled the bunny to sit up on his lap. Minseok’s face was flushed red and he refused to look at his owner. “I’m sorry I had to punish you, Mini, but you need to listen to me, okay?” The bunny nodded. Minseok suddenly lurched forward, wrapping his arms around Chanyeol’s neck.

            “Does Daddy hate Mini?” The bunny asked and Chanyeol could feel tears dripping down his collar where the bunny’s face was pressed.

            “Of course I don’t,” Chanyeol said, rubbing Minseok’s back comfortingly. “I just needed you to understand what I was saying,” he said, pressing kisses to the droop bunny ears.

            “Mini is sorry,” the bunny rubbed at his eyes.

            “It’s okay,” Chanyeol assured, kissing at the hybrid’s chubby cheeks. “Did Daddy hit you too hard?” Minseok flushed redder, shaking his head. Chanyeol raised his eyebrow slightly at the fact that his bunny still refused to look at him, which normally only happened when he wanted his daddy to ‘pet’ him. “Are you okay, Mini?” He asked, not completely talking about the spanking. Minseok paused, pressing his hands to his warm face. He shifted uncomfortably in Chanyeol’s lap, before looking down at his lap.

            “C-Can daddy… can daddy and Mini have petting time?” Minseok whispered.

            Chanyeol glanced down at where the bunny was half hard in his sweatpants. He was taken back slightly, wondering where this suddenly came from. “What…” Chanyeol trailed off, looking at how embarrassed the bunny was. “Did Mini like when Daddy spanked him?” He asked carefully, always feeling like he was walking on glass anytime their relationship developed sexually or romantically at all.

            “Kinda..?” Minseok said, his voice raising as though in question at the end. He shoved his burning face into Chanyeol’s chest, refusing to look at his owner.

            “Can you talk to daddy about it?” Chanyeol asked, cuddling his bunny close. Minseok shook his head.

            “Mini doesn’t want to talk about it right now,” the hybrid said honestly. He shifted slightly so his legs were straddling Chanyeol’s thighs, his erection pressing into his hip. “Mini wants daddy to pet him,” he whispered. Chanyeol nodded and pulled Minseok closed, kissing over his cheeks and down to his neck.

            They’re relationship had been developing, in Chanyeol’s opinion, strangely. He hadn’t even realized that it was considered normal to have a relationship with your hybrid until five months ago when Kris and Tao told him about their sexual relationship with Yixing – on top of their owner/hybrid relationship with him. Chanyeol let Minseok lead it completely. He never initiated anything, letting the bunny decide when they did anything – meaning, some weeks they would be having sex every day, and other times there was a month in between. They also had never actually had intercourse – sticking instead to exchanging hand jobs and Chanyeol giving Minseok oral fairly often.

            “Mini doesn’t want to have real sex,” the bunny had explained when Chanyeol asked him about it after one of their ‘petting times’ (as Minseok began calling it). “Mini is scared it’ll hurt – like before,” he whispered, alluding to when he was raped nearly two years before. Chanyeol had tried to assure the bunny it wouldn’t, but cuddled him close and told him that they never had to do anything the hybrid didn’t want to do.

            There was also the fact that Chanyeol had to get used to the fact that his bunny had quite a daddy kink – and was slowly imparting it onto his owner. At first, Chanyeol had been convinced that the bunny was calling him daddy because he genuinely thought of the human as a father figure who took care of him, but realized pretty quickly he enjoyed bringing that dynamic to the bedroom. The bunny immediately fell into third person speaking and much more childish behaviors, refusing to call Chanyeol by his name, anytime they did anything even remotely sexual. Needless to say, the human was lost for quite a while until Tao had given him a book all about the kink – snickering as he did.

            He couldn’t really say he hated it.

            Especially as his pants tightened when Minseok rolled his hips against his own and mumbled the word in his ear.

            “