few hours later, Meg leaves with a hug at the door that his parents try to not frown at from the living room where they’re pretending to read. He’s at least ninety-eight percent sure she does it especially to irk them and part of him applauds her for it.

She skips down the porch steps leaving a wink in her wake. When he closes the door behind her, he hears the inevitable "Castiel".

"Yes, mother." He walks into the living room, hands clasped obediently in front of him.

"Are you and Meg…?" she tries to ask, glancing at her husband.

With a sudden, frustrated, regrettable burst of courage he finishes the question for her. "Are Meg and I fucking?"

The look on his parents face is one that Castiel is proud of for putting there. Before they have a chance to reprimand him, he adds, "My apologies. I am only stating it like the other teenagers would say it. The answer is no. Meg and I are simply friends." It physically pains him at how he has to defend their completely innocent friendship but he also adds, "She’s like a sister to me."

His parents eye him for moment before nodding. "Good. You know how we feel about you consorting with her."

"Yes I do, and also, Ruby, Casey, Amelia-"

"Yes, Castiel. We know." His mother says, brushing him off and she’s already gone back to reading her novel. Castiel glances at his father but the man doesn't meet his gaze either.

All of a sudden, something spiteful builds up inside him and he says, "Just so you are aware, Dean will be staying over this weekend."

Both heads look up at his news. A smile graces his mother’s face. "Well, that’s wonderful. You know Dean’s welcome here anytime."

"Anytime." His father repeats pointlessly with a nod.

"Great." He turns to go to his room before adding, "Oh, but the air mattress is over at Cousin Uriel’s." He says specifically because he knows what his mother’s response will be but he just wants the pleasure of hearing it from her mouth.

"No matter, Dean can share your bed. It’s not a problem, is it?" His mother offers with no idea about what she’s really allowing him permission to do.

"It’s never a problem." He replies with a sickly sweet smile that his mother seems satisfied with so she goes back to reading her book.

 

-X-x-X-

 

"You’re coming over on the weekend and we’re having sex in my bed... and if everyone’s out then on the kitchen counter and on the couch, too."

"Damn, Cas. I get all tingly when you take control like that." Dean laughs through the phone.

"I’m serious."

"Hey, you know I don’t ever have any objections to sleepovers at your house."

Castiel lets out a groan of frustration.

"Jeez, save that shit for the weekend… and the kitchen counter and the couch." Dean lists jokingly.

"It’s not funny." Castiel says picking at the loose thread on the chequered throw over on his bed.

"You okay?" comes Dean’s concerned voice.

Castiel flops back onto his bed so he’s facing the ceiling. "They think they’re being proactive but they’re being idiots. You’re lucky they don’t monitor my cellphone."

"It can’t be that bad."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah. I mean, I get to stay over now and again, don’t I?"

"Only because they don’t know about us." Castiel lowers his voice, throwing a cautious glance towards his bedroom door. "And if they ever found out, I’d be shipped off to boarding school faster than you could recite Vonnegut."

"Hey, that stays between us." Dean scolds.

"You’re incredibly intelligent, Dean; I don’t understand why you hide it."

"Shut up, Cas." Dean replies quietly. Castiel can imagine the blush running into his cheeks and how he would be rubbing at the nape of his neck.

"Can I tell you something if you promise not to tell another soul?"

"Okay."

Castiel turns onto his side, phone held between his ear and pillow. He presses his mouth as close to the phone as is possible and lowers his voice for effect.

"It gets me really hot when you recite literature."

"R-really?" Dean breathes.

"Yes." Castiel practically moans into the cellphone.

There’s nothing but shuffling on the line for a moment before Dean speaks again. "Fuck, Cas. I had to walk outta the living room where my entire family was sitting. God, warn a guy before you start that."

Castiel laughs amusedly.

"I’m glad you find my impromptu boners so hilarious."

"I’ll take care