. He wasted no time and kissed Sasuke back, no longer caring about his rain soaked clothes as he inhaled Sasuke’s fragrance. The bastard knew it drove him crazy… his smell, his eyes, the force of his kisses.



Naruto caressed Sasuke’s side at the same time attempted to pull him closer but Sasuke grabbed him by the wrists, placing that hand above his head.



“I’m in charge here”


Naruto let out a needy whimper as he faced a closed door.

Someone cleared their throat in the hallway. “Good evening Mrs. Taylor.” Naruto greeted as he scratched the back of his head nervously, getting just a nod in acknowledgment and a suspicious glare.

Sighing, Naruto let himself into his apartment, leaving his keys, umbrella and briefcase by the door and grinning because he knew Sasuke always scolded him about the briefcase.


“You have been a naughty boy Na-ru-to”



Naruto heard Sasuke’s voice behind him. His eyes widening when he saw the leather pants Sasuke was wearing, he didn’t even know Sasuke owned a pair of those!



“It seems like I’m gonna have to punish my disobedient pet.”



That was when Naruto noticed the handcuffs Sasuke was toying with.



“On your knees.”



“What-?”



“Now bitch!”



Naruto was speechless. Sasuke had never talked to him like that. But as Sasuke circled him like a wild animal, he unconsciously obeyed. A shiver went down his spine when he felt the heat emanating from Sasuke’s body when he put the handcuffs on, blushing when he felt his own member rapidly becoming erect.


“Naruto... is that you?”

Naruto smiled as Sasuke walked towards him.

“I thought I had imagined the door.”

“Nope... it’s me.”

“Hm”

“How was your day?”

“Boring.”

“C’mon! A forced vacation doesn’t have to be boring.”

“Hm...”

“Don’t, Sasuke, please. You know I can’t take as much vacation as you can... and I’ll be free next week.”

“Take a shower, you are gonna catch a cold”

“Sasuke…” Naruto whined.

“Go... I’ll make dinner in the meantime.”

Naruto accepted. After all, he wished he could take as many days off as Sasuke could. ‘You could if you worked at the company.’ Naruto could still hear Sasuke’s speech in his head, but he didn’t want to, at least not yet.

“Hurry up” Sasuke said as he went towards the kitchen, making Naruto smile when he saw the small glare Sasuke gave his briefcase.

He walked towards their bathroom and turned on the shower. While waiting for the water to warm up, he went to grab a pair of boxers from their bedroom.

“I can’t wait for the next damn week! I hate the rain.” Sasuke said making Naruto jump a bit as he hadn’t noticed before that Sasuke was also in the room.

“I know,” Naruto said smiling knowingly. “I wish I could stay with you as well,” he thought.

“Hurry up!” Sasuke scolded again. “Stop wasting water,” he said before heading to the kitchen.

“Aye aye, captain.” Naruto teased as he entered the shower.


“You know, you could always try to convince me,” Naruto called loudly as he placed both hands on the shower’s wall, relieving his stress as he freshened up.



“Really?” Sasuke asked, amused, as he placed his hand in Naruto’s hips. “And what would I have to do to convince you?”



“Oh... You are a smart guy, I’m sure you could come up with something…”



“Like this?” Sasuke asked as he pushed half of his erection into Naruto’s warmth, making him grunt.



“You will have to try a little harder”



“Do I?” Naruto could feel the lips on his neck forming a smirk as Sasuke thrust all the way in. He set a frantic pace as he pushed in and pulled out, making Naruto scream in pleasure as Sasuke stroked his pulsing erection. He felt like his life was sucked out of him when he reached his orgasm, hearing nothing but the loud beats of his heart.


“Naruto, are you alright? Dinner is ready.”

“Coming.” Naruto snickered at his own joke.

He stepped out of the shower, dried himself quickly, and put on his boxers, a pair of lounge pants and a comfortable t-shirt.

What could Sasuke have made for dinner? He didn’t know… Maybe a salad or something healthy.

Naruto knew what he would like for dinner.

Something like Sasuke in top of the table with some chocolate around his delicious cock… Yeah... Naruto would enjoy that kind of delicacy. He knew he would enjoy Sasuke’s noises and smell, he would smell somehow salty... like ramen.

Ramen?

Curiously Naruto went to the kitchen and saw ramen on the table. He almost cried, ramen... naked!Sasuke... ramen... naked!Sasuke