that forbidden path.

"Then I ain't doing it either."

They glared at each other angrily, neither willing to yield, but neither really wanting to end the game either, because really, when would they ever have such a great chance to ruin each other's life again?

"What's the problem now?" Ymir drawled, watching the standoff with interest.

"They're both too scared to take the other's dare," Connie answered.

The two boys' answers were instantaneous and identical. "I am not!"

"So do it," she challenged.

Jean glanced hesitantly at Mikasa, who, like always, was watching Eren. He then jerked his hand to the side, pointing his finger at Eren. "We have until the end of the week, and if one of us doesn't complete their dare then..."

"You have to kiss each other," Reiner suggested.

Both boys blanched at that.

"Isn't that a punishment to the one who does complete the dare?" Christa asked, not understanding the point.

"It will just convince you to either both take the dare or end this stupid game," Bertholdt answered.

"The end of the week then," Eren muttered, not sure how he was going to accomplish this dare.

They shook on it.

Disclaimer: Most, if not all, of the characters, setting, and concepts included in this story belong to the creator(s) of the original work that this fanfic is based off of and not myself.

 

 

 



Procrastination

"I wonder what happened," Petra mused, looking across the dining hall at the trainees from the 104th squad. "They've been playing that game for so long now, it is strange to see it stopped."

"Maybe they just got bored," Gunter suggested. "You can only play 'Truth or Dare' for so long before people start getting tired of it."

"Or they all start fighting," Erd added.

"I just can't get rid of the feeling that something happened."

"What does it matter anyway what those brats do?" Auruo asked. He then tried to tsk like Levi often did, but only succeeded in biting his tongue so hard it bled. Erd gave him a handkerchief.

"That's what you get for trying to be someone else," Petra scolded. "Why can't you just act like yourself?"

Across the room, the trainees were involved in their own conversations, split into four distinct groups: Eren, Mikasa and Armin; Reiner, Bertholdt, Ymir, and Christa; and Sasha and Connie. Jean, the only missing member, walked in a few minutes later, carrying his dinner in one hand.

"Half of the week's already passed," Reiner remarked, then added a few seconds later in a taunting tone, "You both too chicken to do it?"

"Confessing to your love is a challenging thing," Christa replied in the two boys' defense.

All of the trainees knew the general description of the dare, even if they didn't know the specifics. The only three who knew those were Eren, Jean, and Connie and the two headstrong boys had bullied the third into keeping his mouth shut. It was essential that the subjects of the dares did not find out about it from another source.

Jean snorted derisively. "Eren just doesn't want to get beat up."

"I don't see you doing it either, Horse-face."

"You wanna do this now?" Jean asked, standing up abruptly.

Eren stood up too and whispered into Jean's ear, a smug grin on his face "She's right here."

Mikasa yanked Eren out of the way before Jean's fist could connect with his face. "Enough."

"Three more days, Jaeger," Jean said warningly, then turned back to his lunch.

It didn't take three more days. Many of the trainees gasped when Jean walked into the dining hall with a bright red cheek, the spot slowly morphing into the shape of a hand. It looked like it might end up bruising later.

"Are you alright?" Bertholdt asked in concern.

Sasha tried to speak with her mouth full, but no one could understand what she was saying, so she quickly swallowed and asked her question. "What happened?"

"Two more days," Jean said. "You'd better do it, Jaeger. I'm not kissing you."

"So that's what happened," Armin remarked, glancing at Mikasa, who was calmly eating her lunch and completely ignoring Jean.

He had guessed long ago that Jean had a crush on her, so it was no surprise that she had been the subject his dare. Also, with Annie gone, none of the other girls would have hit him quite that hard. Armin couldn't help but feel a little sorry for the other boy. It wasn't his fault that Mikasa's feelings toward her foster brother were...complicated.

Eren didn't like this. He didn't like this one bit. He had been hoping that