knew it, Suzaku was crying. Suzaku began to walk forward, and before Lelouch could do anything more, Suzaku firmly pressed his lips against Lelouch's, his hands finding their way to Lelouch's face. Lelouch didn't have time to process anything, so he didn't respond. Suzaku pulled away, and Lelouch looked at him wide eyed. "Suzaku..." Lelouch began. "I love you." Suzaku said, staring Lelouch in the eyes. "That's why..." Suzaku began. Lelouch leaned in and Suzaku met him halfway, crushing their lips together. Lelouch felt his eyes tear up a little and he wrapped his arms around Suzaku's neck. Suzaku pulled away several seconds later, slightly panting. "That's why...I will not kill you." Suzaku said. "But, after all that's happened between us, why me?" Lelouch asked. "I fell in love with you as soon as I met you again. I may not have agreed with what you were doing for awhile, but I didn't hate you, I don't want to hate you, and I don't think I ever could hate you. I love you, Lelouch." Suzaku said, smiling a little. "I love you too." Lelouch said. 


 

 Lelouch kept his gaze on Suzaku, who was incredibly still. Lelouch smiled, and began to play with locks of Suzaku's beautiful hair. Suzaku soon woke up to the sight of his boyfriend, and he smiled. "How long have you been up?" Suzaku asked. "A little while." Lelouch said. "Why didn't you get me up?" Suzaku asked. "Because, I wanted to watch you sleep." Suzaku blushed at Lelouch's words. "You're so cute when you blush." Lelouch said, smiling. Suzaku returned the smile. Lelouch was still on his side, facing Suzaku who was also laying on his side, but facing Lelouch. "Come here." Suzaku said, motioning Lelouch forward. Lelouch rolled closer to Suzaku, smiling. Suzaku pulled Lelouch even closer, kissing his boyfriend's cheek. "Could you not sleep?" Suzaku asked. "Not really." Lelouch replied. "What happened?" Suzaku asked. "I was just thinking a lot. About a few years ago, when I told you you needed to kill me. And then, you kissed me." Lelouch said, a smile forming on his face. "You know what, Lelouch?" Suzaku asked. "Hm?" Lelouch asked. "You have no idea how long I wanted to kiss you. I knew I liked you when we were kids, but we were just kids, but as I got older, it became clearer." Suzaku said. "And when you asked me to kill you, I couldn't do it. I didn't even want to think about it. You know what else?" Suzaku asked. "Yeah?" Lelouch asked. "I never thought you'd feel the same." Suzaku said, kissing Lelouch's nose. Lelouch blushed lightly at Suzaku's action. "I knew I loved you from the start, too. And I wanted to kiss you, but I was afraid." Lelouch admitted. Suzaku said, and looked into Lelouch's eyes. "I love you so much, Lulu." Suzaku said, whispering in Lelouch's ear. Just how gently he said it made Lelouch shiver. "I love you too, Suzaku." Lelouch replied, smiling. "I'm going to kiss you now." Suzaku said, and pecked a blushing Lelouch on the lips. Suzaku and Lelouch both wrapped their arms around each other, and kissed. Over and over again. Suzaku smiled into the kisses. It's just like it's my first time kissing him again... After awhile, Suzaku pulled away. I love him so much.

 

"Lelouch?" Suzaku asked, getting up from the bed. "Hm? Where are you going?" Lelouch asked. "I'll be right back, I promise." Suzaku smiled, and left the room. Lelouch waited a few minutes, and he was sitting on the side of the bed, looking at Suzaku, who had just walked back into the room. Suzaku took a deep breath, and was giving off a nervous vibe. He began to sweat a little, and he was slightly shaking. "Suzaku? Are you ok?" Lelouch asked. "Yes." Suzaku replied. What if he says no...? Suzaku took one last deep breath and began. "Lelouch, I love you. So much. I always have, and I always will. You're so beautiful and kind and sweet and I'm so happy to wake up next to you every day. I'm so lucky to have you. We've been together for several years now. And you know what? I want to be with you all the rest of the years I have remaining on this Earth. I want to wake up next to you every morning. I want to kiss you