You could just try calling out ‘hey, it’s me, Jared.’ That’d work.”

“You’re no fun,” Jared pouted.

“I’m lots of fun,” Jensen said. “Guess I’m gonna have to prove that to you when I come around.”

He hung up before Jared could respond.

--

Jared was sorely tempted to knock ‘shave and a haircut’ on Jensen’s front door, because he was pretty sure that was something that bad guys wouldn’t do. Instead, he just followed Jensen’s advice, knocked and called out that it was him and Jeff.

 There was the rattling of numerous locks being unfastened and then the door inched open, the safety chain still attached.

“What’s the password?” Jensen said.

Jared gaped. “You ass! You said we couldn’t have a secret knock or anything!”

Jensen snickered and swung the door wide open.

“Hi Jeff. Come on in guys, I’ll just put some shoes on.”

Jensen’s skin was shower-warm, his hair was damp and messy and he was dressed in dark grey track pants and a stained, over-sized olive green hoodie.

“Did you get my text message?” Jared asked.

Jensen finished pulling on his socks and then hefted a small backpack. “Got all the paperwork in here,” he put it back down and then went in search of sneakers.

As he pulled on his old, ratty, black and white Nikes, Jensen glanced up and saw Jeff looking at him thoughtfully.

“Sorry,” Jeff said off of Jensen’s raised eyebrow, “It’s just…you’re usually so…put together. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you looking so,” Jeff appeared to fumble for the right word, “casual.”

Jensen’s other eyebrow joined the first one.  “And here we have the Hooker in its natural habitat,” Jensen intoned in his best dramatic wildlife documentary voice. “When not trying to attract a paying customer, the Hooker is just as capable of being a slob as anyone else.”

“Sorry,” Jeff said, coloring slightly.

Jared smacked Jensen’s arm. “Don’t be so prickly,” he said. “Usually, you even dress nicely when you come to scrub pans down at Per vias rectas, so don’t blame Jeff for being surprised. It’s good, though. That you’re relaxed enough around us to just be your regular slob self.”

Jensen’s mouth fell open slightly and then he grinned. “Okay. Fair call,” he hefted his backpack. “We ready to roll?”

Back at Sam and Jeff’s apartment Jared and Jensen spread their college applications out on the kitchen table and began to work on them.

“Did you sit the SATs Jensen?” Jeff asked.

Jensen nodded. He pulled a piece of paper out of a pile on the table and handed it to Jeff. Jeff whistled.  “97th percentile. Well done! That’s outstanding!”

Jensen smiled. “Not just a pretty face, huh Jeff?”

“A score like this is a real credit to you Jensen, considering you never went to high school.”

Jensen ducked his head and rubbed at the back of his neck.

“So about your extra-curricular activities,” Jeff began.

Jensen barked out a laugh. “Yeah, I don’t think I’m gonna mention those.”

Jeff rolled his eyes. “Keep helping out around here and I’ll give you a good reference. Community service work always looks good on a college application.”

“Mention the work you’ve done as a model too,” Jared said.

“And make sure you apply for financial aid,” Sam added.

Jensen bristled. “I don’t need financial aid,” he said coolly.

“Everyone should apply for financial aid,” Sam said. “You won’t get anything you’re not entitled to.”

“Do you need any help with the essay?” Jeff asked.

Jensen got to his feet. “Restroom’s that way, right?”

He disappeared into the bathroom and Jared folded his arms and cleared his throat. “Uh guys? I know you mean well, but y’all might wanna back off a little. Jensen’s used to having to do everything on his own. You’re crowding him.”

Sam sighed and sat down next to Jared. “One of the things I learnt when I did my course is that there are two types of people: orchids and dandelions. Orchids flourish when conditions are just right and wither when they aren't. Dandelions, on the other hand, grow just fine in a wide range of conditions. Jensen’s a dandelion.”

 Jared looked at her dubiously. “I don’t think Jensen would appreciate being compared to flowers.”

 “It’s an allegorical way of saying he’s very resilient,” Sam said. “And resilient people have four things in common,” she ticked them off on her fingers, “social competence, problem-solving