change out of these jeans..." was the reply before the bedroom door was tightly shut which made Chanyeol drop back onto the sofa to pick up his crumpled pride. 

It was later on, when the couple had finished with their dinner cooked by the chef hired by the Antillian royal family, that Baekhyun brought up the topic again. 

"So, what were you thinking about me?" Baekhyun kept his head on Chanyeol's shoulder while he faced the TV, but laced his fingers with Chanyeol's as their hands rested on his thighs. 

"Nothing… I guess I was just used to having you present whenever I fell asleep. Not having you here made me feel like something was missing." Chanyeol's words made Baekhyun realise how they acted more and more like a married couple each day. 

Baekhyun turned to peck Chanyeol's cheek as a thank you for being honest with him. He knew how hard it was for the Prince of Antillia to be open about his thoughts -- especially his feelings. "To be honest, I felt the same too, but I ignored that feeling because I knew the professor was strict and I couldn’t afford us being late again." 

Chanyeol rolled his eyes and tightened his hold on Baekhyun’s waist to pull in closer which resulted in Baekhyun almost entirely on Chanyeol's lap. "Yeah, I am not as afraid as you. I am a brave man who has served in the Antillian army as a--"

"Oh, stop it!" Baekhyun stopped the arrogant ramble with his hand pressed to Chanyeol's soft lips. 

He could feel the latter’s grin beneath his hand, and because he wanted to have the upper hand in this conversation, he removed his hand that was soon replaced by his eager lips. 

Chanyeol expected the turn of events, and it was common for them to resort to kissing whenever either of them thought the conversation wasn't going in their favour. His heart felt warm when he thought about them resolving their future conflicts like this. Chanyeol found it to be the best tactic to resolve their frustration. After a dozen or so kisses, then neither of them had energy left to argue, and just solved the matter in soft hushed voices where they eventually fell asleep. 

"I will miss you during the Christmas break," Baekhyun broke the kiss to say between heavy breaths and moaned slightly as Chanyeol planted soft kisses along his sensitive jaw.

"Me too. We will video chat a lot," Chanyeol said into Baekhyun's milky skin as he sucked and bit lightly when the thought of not seeing his fiancé for two weeks was brought up. 

It would be their first time away from each other for a long time since their relationship had progressed. 

"You better," Baekhyun pulled on Chanyeol's hair to have him face upwards, "and make sure to study well for the exams, and that way we can get them out of the way quickly and plan a trip to Europe."

Sometimes Chanyeol felt like they were already married with the way Baekhyun nagged him to study and clean, and the way both of them planned their outings as they argued about the littlest of things. 

"I will ask my parents for permission," Baekhyun mumbled out after he pecked Chanyeol's inviting lips for the final time before he rested his head against the broad chest. 

"And if they don't agree?" Chanyeol asked nonchalantly as his fingers ran through Baekhyun's hair to sooth the brunet male into slumber. 

"They have to. Nobody can say no to Byun Baekhyun. Remember that, Park," was the sassy reply that made Chanyeol chuckle. 

Baekhyun whined at being jostled and told him to stop with the laughing and to carry him to bed so that they could sleep. 

"Alright, Your Highness," Chanyeol whispered on the top of his head before he planted a kiss, and carried the drowsy Prince to his bedroom.

***

Before Baekhyun knew it, he had already started the last year of his degree. His engagement with Chanyeol was more than a year old. On the day of the engagement anniversary, Baekhyun woke up to Mr Henry who said that a large amounts of flowers that had been delivered to the Coudor Palace.

He remembered how hard it was to hold in his excitement when he got to see the deliveries while his mother's eagle-like gaze scrutinised his every move. Later that night, Baekhyun made sure to thank his fiancé with a special video call. 

The autumn semester flew past with both Princes busy with their final year of studies yet they never lost an opportunity to hang out together.

With the Christmas holidays now just around the corner, Baekhyun was excited for this year's Christmas Ball in Coudor. This year, amongst countless other guests, was the Royal Family of Antillia. It was Chanyeol's first time visiting his country, and so the Coudorian Crown Prince couldn't wait to finally show him around the places where he had grown up. 

The Palace bustled with the preparations for the welcome of his future in-laws as Baekhyun sprinted along the wide hallway. His polished shoes skidded against the red velvet carpet as he nearly crashed into a group