his fingers over Liam’s length.

Liam had immediately begun kissing back, and the pleasure of Zayn’s touch only added lust to Liam’s fire. Liam wrapped one leg around Zayn’s, and bent the other so that Zayn had access to anything. Zayn broke the kiss and, breathing hard, nipped his way down Liam’s throat, then moved his lips up to Liam’s temple. “Live because your perfect.” Zayn said, then he kissed the words, replacing the bad memory with a good one.

Zayn did the exact same to the next scar,”You deserve to live.” This was punctuated with a kiss to each word, as if to smooth over the pain of the bite.

Liam felt tears begin leaking out of his eyes and let out a watery moan. Zayn gently tapped Liam’s scarred thigh, prompting Liam to roll over. Zayn let his fingers ghost over Liam’s wonderful ass then down to the back of Liam’s knees.

“Priceless”

“Perfect”

A trace of a finger along each letter, and Liam moaned. His senses were making even the hot breath on his calves feel like a sensual stroke. His body felt like it was suspended in air.

Just falling and falling.

Zayn tapped again, and Liam dutifully rolled. Looking into Liam’s usually light brown, now dark and muddy, eyes, Zayn knew his own were almost black with desire. “Beautiful”, Zayn said, circling his hand around Liam’s cock again. That word was punctuated with heat slowly enveloping Liam’s erection. Liam’s eyes held Zayn’s as he slid his mouth fully over Liam’s dick. A moan fell from Liam’s lips when Zayn hummed softly, the vibrations causing Liam’s hips to involuntarily thrust, even though Zayn had taken it all.

Threading his fingers through Zayn’s hair, Liam’s heated gaze followed Zayn’s lips from the base of his length to the tip, where Zayn Zayn licked. Zayn looked up at Liam and smiled mischievously before running tongue along each and every scar. Liam felt his heart grow at the look of desire on Zayn’s face.

Not disgust.

Desire.

That was when Liam knew he was in love, throwing his head back to hide the tears of despair at the truth; Zayn would probably never love him back. Through his tears, Liam moaned loudly as Zayn picked up his pace, moving his mouth quickly to bring pleasure to Liam.

With a quick flick of his wrist, Zayn became Liam’s undoing. His now entirely black eyes turned up towards Liam, and the words he was about to say died at his lips. In the throes of his orgasm, Liam was crying. Zayn hastily wiped at Liam’s tears, whispering fearfully,”Did I hurt you?”

Liam could only shake his head violently for a few seconds before letting out a shuddering breath and locking eyes with Zayn, cupping Zayn’s cheek and rubbing his thumb across it repeatedly. “Why did you cry yourself to sleep?” Liam asked, instead of explaining his own tears.

Zayn frowned at the subject change, but sighed and opened his mouth to explain. His phone rang first.

Liam was closer, so he picked up the phone and handed it too Zayn who looked at it, biting his lip before pressing answer. A muffled voice that sounded broken came from the phone, and Zayn put the device on speakerphone just in time for Liam to hear.

“-rry! I didn’t mean to hit you, but you deserved it, Zayn!

You were flirting with my friends!

You’re mine!

If you weren’t being such a whore I wouldn’t have had to beat your ass and teach you a lesson!..

Zayn?

Are you there?

Zayn, listen to me, it won’t happen aga-“

Zayn cut him off,”No, it won’t. You’re right.

I ended us, respect my boundaries and stop calling, leave me alone, don’t come up to me in public, I don’t wanna see your face.

Bye.”

A spluttering sound came from the phone, but Zayn ended the call before the asshole could gather himself enough to spout out more bullshit.

Liam searched Zayn’s face before grabbing the other man up in a hug. There was a half angry, half relieved expression on Zayn’s face, and Liam’s hug made the angry part disappear. Zayn hugged Liam back, burying his face into Liam’s neck. The smell of cinnamon wafted into Zayn’s nose and he gladly breathed it in, taking comfort in the closeness. It was then, while Liam was whispering,”You made me feel loved, now I’m gonna love you.” and Zayn wished Liam really did love him, that Zayn realized he had fallen for the elf.

Liam pressed a quick kiss to Zayn’s lips, and began licking every dip and raise he found along the expanse of Zayn’s skin. Zayn’s collarbones were lavished with love bites, Liam carefully