.

                “Actually, Yuuri, I think I figured it out.”

                “Oh?” I ask excitedly. It’s almost like solving a riddle. “I give up, what is it?”

                Well, I never said I had much patience for those riddles.

                “Your Eminence gave me a clue just now,” Conrad beams brightly. “It’s jokes.”

                “…”

                “I haven’t told him any jokes recently, I still remember how not long before that, Wolfram begged me to tell a joke—”

                “H-he did? When was that?”

                “Ah, of course you wouldn’t remember, you were rampaging while trying to act cool, and then you sneezed, so he asked me to help you.”

                “By making it even colder so I would sneeze some more?” It’s no use, I don’t understand this at all. “But are you serious about that?”

                “Why not? A doctor even told me that laughter is the best medicine.”

                And with that he walks away, already muttering jokes under his breath.

                Is he really going to be okay…?

 

“Okay, Yuuri, I think I’m ready.”

                The next morning Conrad wakes me up with breakfast, as well as black rings under his eyes and a large sheet of paper in his hand.

                “That’s—”

                “My script. His Eminence told me professional comics have a whole routine with many jokes.”

                Is he really going to be okay!?

                But he just looks so serious about it, as though he’s preparing to go to war, that I can’t say anything discouraging. Instead, I just eat my breakfast wordlessly as he takes his seat beside our bed, holding the piece of paper like a high school student doing some last minute memorizing.

                Eventually, I put down the empty plates and sigh. I’m going to regret this, but…

                “Let me see that.”

                “Hm? Oh, of course.”

                It occurs to me that I don’t see Conrad’s writing often. I’m really used to Günter’s elegant slant now, since he writes so many notes for me, and I also see Gwen’s proper nobleman writing often, in some of the more important proposals he drafted himself. As for Conrad—

                “Is this in English?” I squint at the scraggly letters.

                “Yes, His Eminence suggested it. He said this way, my routine will be completely coded and no other comedian in this world can steal it.”

                “People steal jokes? How sad…” If this code has a difficulty scale of ten to the mazoku in this world, it will be zero to Hazel, one to Murata and about five for me. My eyes feel tired already.

                “Let me see… ‘Why do the Red… Sox’-- ah, isn’t that your favorite baseball team? It’s a baseball joke?”

                “You really do get excited over anything to do with baseball, don’t you, Yuuri?”

                “Ah, sorry, I’ll continue reading—‘Why do the Red Sox like fall?’ A-and… I can’t read the answer…”

                “Because it reminds them of the Yankees.”

                “…”

                “…Yeah, I’m not very sure either. But it was your father who told me this joke, Yuuri.”

                “A-haha… That makes a lot more sense—Wait, wait! That doctor you mentioned, could it be--!?”

                “Do you know him? His name is Rodriguez.”

                “…Well, I’ve heard of him…”

                There’s a groan beside us, as Wolfram starts to stir.

                “…you two… it’s too early in the morning…”

                True, usually Conrad would have woken me up and we’d be off to morning training by now. So it’s not very early for us, but it is still earlier than usual for Wolf. Pretty boys really do have low blood pressure, huh.

                “Here, I brought you some food.” Conrad picks up a carton from the bedside table, and continues with a straight face, “Milk is very important in the moo-ning.”

                Just like that!? Without any prep time!? I have to admire Lord Weller’s guts.

                The intended audience doesn’t seem too impressed, though. Wolfram just stares at him with bleary eyes, as though his brain barely registered what Conrad said.

                “How about eggs for breakfast? You have to break them first though.”

                …Ganbate, godfather. I cheer Conrad on quietly in my heart. By this point all I can do is pray that his sincere emotions get across to Wolf.

                “…Huh? What the hell are you talking about?”

                I-is that an improvement? I rub my eyes and stare intently at both of them. Upon closer inspection, Conrad does look a bit nervous, but also rather excited and hopeful. Wolfram just looks as beautifully grumpy as usual.

                “I was wondering if you would join us at training, Wolfram. But since we can’t take a train to train, we’ll just