t understand.” Niall crosses his arms. Bad enough he doesn't even make eye contact talking. “Anthony said to come with him here!” He's half-yelling now. It didn't need to be like that. At least he's looking up. But that would only last 2 seconds before he'd look back down. “For what?” “He said Louis invited him.” “Do you know why?” “No, sorry.” Zayn shakes his head. It's quiet again. 5 minutes left, and it's killing Niall how boring it is. Then he remembers 20 questions—a game that you end up leaning a bit of something about the other person. They weren't going to kiss any time soon, Niall has to accept it. “What do you like doing?” Niall sighs. Zayn perks up with a feeble smile. “Um, I illustrate—like comics and stuff. I, umm... Read too. Familiar with Catcher in the Rye?” “No. Tell me about it.” “Ok, um... There's a teenager named Holden who goes to a pretty impressive private school but he gets kicked out for failing all his classes but English. This was a few weeks before Christmas break so he couldn't let his parents know. He decides to run away, and goes through a series of self-realization and how the world goes about around him.” Niall found himself smiling at Zayn. Learning that, Niall quickly frowns but softens his expression after. “That's the most I've heard you talk.” “Sorry.” Zayn laughs very quietly. “No. It's good.” Niall looks down at his phone: four minutes left. He looks at him afterwards, and finds his sight fluttering from his. His eyelashes could kill someone. Since he was so afraid of him, he'll stare at him until he cracks and has to. Maybe it was the distance apart before, but Niall can't find himself to stop. He was even leaning his head against the doorframe, making himself comfortable in a supposedly uneasy and claustrophobic room. What was he saying before? Baby cute? He is, in a way like Jade is. Not the brotherly type like he thought before. What was he thinking? He knows people don't kiss their siblings because that's what he wants to do with Zayn right now, just as he pulls his eyes off his flitting eyelashes, eying his lips. He imagines sinking his teeth between them; actually feeling something there compared to the other people he's ever kissed. It's not like he's in the position to judge.

He's even better than Jade or Leigh combined, what the fuck was he thinking? There's something just pulling at him to look at Zayn as if he's star struck. He's feeling sick to his stomach thinking about a freshman like this. He was even younger than his brother. It should be fucked up to him; it's not though. If it was, he would immediately stop feeling the way he is now. “Niall, if I tell you something, you won't get mad?” He looks up but looks away as he asks, speeding his words out. “Why am I going to get mad?” Niall continues to watch his lips, hoping he'd talk more so he can see more of how his lips move when he articulates his words. “I-I can't kiss. I've never kissed anyone.” He confesses and Niall looks up to meet his eyes that actually stay staring at him. “D-do you want to?” Niall couldn't believe that. He was perfect to. Fuck! He shouldn't be thinking like this about Zayn. Freshman and seniors never go together. But then there's Louis and Anthony who don't care either. “I want to but I'm sure you wouldn't. Look at me.” “I'm trying but you keep looking away.” Niall laughs quietly. He’s been eying him the whole night. “Oh! Um, sorry. I-I thought you hate me.” Zayn swallows and pushes himself back, just to hit against a box as Niall inches his body closer to his. “No?” Maybe he did, but that was before getting to know that he might not be such a bad person.

He holds the left side of Zayn's jaw, tense to his fingertips because Zayn's clenching his jaw enough to break his molars trying to keep his anxiety away. Then Niall’s arm latches around his tiny waist, pushing their hips closer. He can feel Zayn's nervousness easing off to him; he's shaking mad crazy and he's stiff. Everything felt tense to Niall, and he understands why he feels like this. Zayn shouldn't have to, it's only Niall. He shouldn't be intimidating; he’s just as tall as him, giving the