I can do support but they’ll sight me way before I can clear a path myself.”

“Hunk?”

“Yeah, Shiro I’m tapped down over here—doing just fine, but I’m not gonna be getting anywhere anytime soon.”

“Okay, we’ll take care of it.” Shiro flicks his wrist, cybernetic hand activating and bathing the walls with a purple wash. “Keith, on my six. We’ll punch through in wedge formation.”

Keith gives him a wild smile. “Aye-aye, sir.”

They cut through the forces like a knife.

 





“Keith! Keith come in! Keith! Answer me you stupid mullet!!”

“Lance?”

“Shit shit shit. Shiro, Keith just went off comms.”

“Lance…” Keith always goes off comms, they’re used to it by now and Lance generally deals with the best. Except when—Shiro’s eyes widen. “Hunk, do you still have eyes on Pidge?”

“...Oh no.”

“FUCK.”

“Lance!”

Something explodes in the distance.  

￮￮￮

“Hey” Keith slices through three bots and kicks a soldier in the stomach, “did you just get the feeling that Lance is crying right now?”

Pidge marks the stress points on the ground then anchors with her bayard, letting Keith brace against her. “Statistically, I’d say the chances of that—shit!” They both duck a gout of flame and Keith smashes through the floor, the entire corridor collapsing in. She lets Keith drop down first before sliding down the rubble herself. “I’d say chances are high.”

Pidge slices through a power line then sends a jolt of electricity down it. The central generator whines at the surge, alarms wailing shrilly. “We’ve got ten,” she calls as she skidded over to Keith, who kicks his way through a hatch.

He rips off the cover and Pidge shoots her bayard around a beam. She leans back and tests the stability of her line, judging it secure enough to support their descent. “Pretty fucking high, actually.”

Feet braced on the walls of the chute, Keith wraps an arm around her shoulders, tucking her into his side and pulling them both into position so he can take the brunt of the impact. “Yeah?”

She shoots him a grin. “Yeah.”

They drop.

 

this installment is brought to you by the fite squad, aka team arm. that is, as opposed to the spite squad: our two vulgarians up there.





“Shit, are we in the central maintenance module? We’re in the central maintenance module.”

Hunk slams the door shut just after Pidge sprints in. Engaging the locks, he pushes his back into it and lets out a gusty sigh of relief then flinches away at the sound of a squad of thwarted bots crashing headlong into the door. Pidge is already across the room, plugging into the computer.

“Can you get at the sensor relay?” Hunk starts ruffling through the mess of tech on the floor, “if we can cut off the infrared we can get around the pileup.”

Pidge curses. “No, it’s a closed network, just the maintenance and safety systems.”

“Okay, okay, we can at least get some of the sweepers started up, distract them a bit.”

Hunk catalogs the inventory as Pidge drums her fingers on the console sharply. Suddenly, she stills.

“Hey, we already cleared the base of prisoners and non-coms, right?”

“Sure but…” Hunk catches Pidge’s eye and realization flashes across his face. “Shiro, can you guys make sure your suits have full filtration and life support engaged?”

“Done. Just—just don't go overboard. Please.”

Pidge eyes the fire suppression controls with a grin. “Mm, we’ll try.”

“You’re just gonna have to hope for the best guys,” Hunk says offhand as he pries the plating off the main console, exposing the wires and circuitry.

“Bitch u gon die…” comes Lance’s voice faintly over the comms.

 





“Oh. My fucking—!!”

“Stop shouting in the comm, Lance!” Pidge snaps.

“He’s doing the thing!” he hisses back, “he’s doing it again and I—Shiro I fucking swear!” 

Shiro  deliberately ignores  the plasma cannon firing up at his back and Lance swears like the fucking  dickens  as he triangulates his shots to overload the power banks  before the thing fries their leader like a fucking chump  what the hell.

“Sorry man,” Hunk offers, voice commiserating even through the static of the communicator.

Shiro just barely ducks under one of Lance’s blasts to punch his hand through a sentry because he has no sense of self-preservation whatsoever. “Lance, I’m gonna open up the corridor,” he says before razing through the security lockdown hatch and barricade.

Which…yeah opens up the corridor and gives Lance perfect line of sight, but also takes out most of Shiro’s cover and leaves him out in the open against the wave of gunners coming in through a side hatch