I would say yes? At La Taverne, I mean.”

“I didn’t.”

“Aren’t you—weren’t you afraid of getting caught?”

“Of course I was—but my dear Remus, there’s a war on. What else could I do?”





III. 1941

1940 had ended as a disaster for the Italians, whose strategic preference for fortification over mobilization proved impossible in the shifting desert. But ultimately it was not the Italians they were fighting. It never was—it has always been Germany. Erwin Rommel landed in Tunis in early 1941 with the newly-formed Afrika Korps, and proceeded to trammel his way through all the British garrisons from the Gulf of Sirte to the Egyptian border.

In those days Remus stayed up late at night over reports of German divisions flooding in from agents in Libya; the nearby offices were abuzz with conflicting intelligence—Signals were reporting estimates from decrypted German communiqué to the tune of an infantry army upwards of 100,000. Three armored divisions. Highly mobile. Somehow they also got a hold of the codename—Sonnenblume. Sunflower. A strange imagery for the tableau. The geographic division worked on estimations of travel time through the Libyan desert—a fresh set of calculations taking in to account updated photographs of German equipment: light-armored Panzers especially made for desert-travel and heavier Mark IVs tanks to be driven across the Mediterranean coast with air cover. Advance rate is maybe as fast as three hundred miles a day for a whole division—even faster for the Panzers.

The worst of it was figuring out how they were supplying themselves with water and food. It was impossible without native cooperation; who else could have that kind of knowledge? What European could navigate by sight for water in those trackless dunes, or by the feel of their camels, by scent? Maybe Álmasy, according to Col. Bagnold, but who knew who he was working for, or where he was, or even if he was even alive.

—

Remus sometimes thought of them: those Edwardian explorers who went into the desert on their biplanes looking oases, for vanished cities where no living cities would do. They found mountains and ruins. Things to mark down for the privilege of a name. For the lacunae in their maps. For the Royal Geographic. They returned with a sea of glass in the desert, with weathered rocks in the shapes of clouds. They found water-wells that have been in there since first the erosive sand spread through North Africa, before the Pyramids, before Aeneas left Dido in tears and she swore his demise, before the Celtic isles were first set sight upon by Caesar’s centurions—Britania, that savage land. This is more or less how it works. A conqueror, Roman or English, steps onto the tip of the continent, an island in the ocean, or the heart of a desert, and its name changes, its meaning changes. In his actions he casts himself as protagonist in the story of all of man; a map gets made. Lands shift. Boundaries expand. He comes home victorious, and presents his maps in an atlas: Here are the Paradisaeida named after the princes of Europe. Here is the Lake of Queen Victoria found by tracing the cataracts of the Nile. Here are some islets of the savages; here is Egypt, China, India. History is in every map.

And the explorers—those hatted and ruthless men of the wilderness—had all died or else retired home. Then the War came and took all the maps. Knowledge, it turned out, could be requisitioned just like every bit of farmland. Statisticians now sat in RAF Medmenham to work on their theories of probability: replace cows with bombs; subdivide your maps in the usual cylindrical projection; model airstrike hits as a Poisson distribution; model the German army as a fluid transport problem. Repeat. Geographers like him assembled their maps for the War—of the War. They christened battles and orchestrated their shapes. Geography, like mathematics, became the director of death.

No knowledge was innocent.

—

By the end of spring the Germans were stopped at Halfaya Pass, and the 4th Indian Division was able to turn the tide of battle. The frontline ebbed and flowed between the Egyptian border and Tobruk, until finally Rommel was pushed all the way back to western Libya.

—

“Did I tell you that they got James?”

“No.”

“Yes. His mum wrote to me after getting all my forwarded letters. Shot down somewhere in France. Some hush-hush work, they say.”

“Sirius—”

“It’s so fucking bloody, Remus. What are we doing here? In Egypt, for fuck’s sake. You know their house was bombed last spring? Total War—what shit.”

Total War: the extension of belligerence toward the civilian population. As if there had been any other kind of war; as if there was some ancient, Edenic past when wars were chess-matches, bloodless and un-Total. An invention of the State whose movements are filled out with flesh.

—

Remus would leave his southern window open so he could