want to know if I think we’re just having sex or making love?” He sounded like he was mocking me but regardless I felt my stomach flutter.

“So we did make love…”

“Is that what you’re calling it?” Back to irritated. That worked because I was getting annoyed too.

“Just answer the question Gabriel, please. Did we do it or not.”

He hissed his reply at me.


“You fuck me then snub me. You love me, you hate me. You show me your sensitive side, then you turn into a total asshole, is that a pretty accurate description of our relationship, Lucifer?”


Oh. My. Fucking. God.

“… What did you just say?...” I managed to choke out.


“What’s wrong with you?”


“What did you just call me? Say my name.” I said desperately. I heard Gabriel sigh.


“Lucifer DuBois, you weirdo. What the hell is going on?”


I couldn’t have answered if I tried.


“That’s it I’m coming over.”


“No wait Gabriel I’m not there—“

He hung up on me.

“Hey buddy.”

I jumped at the voice, dropping the phone and standing up quickly. Lucifer himself was sitting in the chair adjacent from the bed on which I had previously been sitting. He looked… different. He wasn’t in his jeans. He was wearing a white suit with a red tie and black dress shoes. He had a red rose tucked into his breast pocket. Very formal, very put together, and very much freaking me out.

“Lucifer what the fuck is going on here? Why do people think I’m you?”

Lucifer didn’t say anything, only looked at me.

“Answer me!” I pushed, feeling my body getting jittery. Lucifer squinted at me before folding his hands in his lap.

“… Sit.” He said, motioning to the bed. I did.

“Answer me, why do people think that I’m you?” I repeated.

He had that predatory grin on his face again.

“I think you know.” He said vaguely.

“No I don’t.” I lied. He saw right through me as always, because he chuckled.

“Yes you do. How could anyone possibly confuse you with me?”

“I don’t know.” I said. Suddenly an image flashed before my eyes.

The vampire that Lucifer had killed a month or so back lying at my feet, not his.

I stared wide-eyed at him. His smile widened.

“You’ve got it.”

“No…” I said disbelievingly.

The shape shifter’s skin coming off in my hands and not Lucifer’s hands.

“Say it.” He prompted me. I took a deep breath.

“Because…”

Me firing the gun with the silver bullet that killed the werewolf, not Lucifer.

“Say it.” He said again, still smiling at me.

“Because… we’re the same person.” I finally said, feeling my stomach turn when Lucifer nodded.

“That’s right.”

I felt the panic rising up in my throat along with bile. I raked my hand through my hair, holding it in my fist.

“I don’t understand this.” I looked up as Lucifer pulled the rose from his pocket, spinning it slowly between his fingers as he looked at me in turn.

“You were looking for a new chapter in your life. Yes you were.” He insisted as I shook my head. He continued.

“You wanted something new, something exciting. Everything you wanted in life, that’s me. I act like you wanna act, I fuck like you wanna fuck, I am smart, capable, and most importantly,” he leveled me with a stare. “I am free in all the ways that you are not.”

I was shaking my head again, feeling lightheaded.

“No this is impossible. This is crazy.”

Lucifer looked amused.

“No. People do it every day. They talk to themselves and interact with people who simply aren’t visible to other people. They don’t have the courage to do what you did and just run with it.”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.

“Naturally you’re still struggling with it so,” he shrugged. “Sometimes you’re still you.”


At the bar the night I met Lucifer, I’m talking to an empty seat and pouring beer into my own glass, refilling twice as often.


“Other times you imagine yourself watching me.” He continued.

The werewolf from a few months ago. I could have sworn Lucifer had been the one to shoot her.

“Little by little, you’re just letting yourself become Lucifer DuBois.” He said with a grin. I still just couldn’t even believe it.

“No. No, you have a house.”

“Rented in your name.” He answered as he began pulling the petals off of his rose, dropping them one by one onto the hotel room