hang out and it feels more than just that.

It makes him irate that Zayn looks extra fit today. Him and his stupid middle part hair, dumb all black attire with a snowy cardigan—just fuck him. He's not even trying and Niall's flustered. Letting his bike sit on the ground, he stands back up beside Zayn, and right then his temptations are kicking in.

"Do you have painkillers on you?" Niall blurts out. He is starting feeling a pang in his mind, and it isn’t because of Zayn’s intimidating good looks.

"Oh, uh yeah." Zayn turns his back towards Niall so he can open his bag. "Front pocket. Water's in the bag itself."

Niall unzips the front pocket for some pills. Interesting, he's got his keys, a lighter, gum, an unopened cigarette pack, and condoms. Oh, those are always nice. He uncaps painkillers and pours one out for himself before he can close it and zip the bag shut.

He keeps it closed in his fist when he opens Zayn's bag. Extra clothes, cologne, deodorant, of course the wraps Niall didn't want but probably could eat because he's damn hungry now, and the water bottle. At least he doesn't hide weird stuff in there.

"Thanks." Niall pops the pill in his mouth, and sips enough from the water bottle before he can turn Zayn back around and hand it back to him.

"It's cool." He shrugs a shoulder, taking a taste of the water for himself. He holds it from the bottom with his entire hand. That, is something Niall's never noticed. It's odd but very attractive of him. Why did he never see that before? Why does he even care? That's the first question he should ask himself.

He pulls the bottle away, his lips glistening like dewdrops on grass at night. Niall's swallowing down the sight of Zayn licking his lips. It's nothing, it's nothing, Niall tells himself. It's just Zayn's firm and plump lips. It's no big deal. It’s—a very big deal.

He did it. Of course he did it. He just had to. He let his lips press over—filled with an awkward feeling when it was as if Niall had just pushed his over. No, he wasn't aggressive. It was soft and tender—sweet if Zayn could see how hard Niall's cheeks are flushing in embarrassment.

It was in a mere second Zayn's pulling away, yet—that wasn't it. Zayn parts his lips open and nudges right over Niall, fitting his lips in between. His hand is on Niall's forearm, pressing his fingers down through his sweater before he can officially pull back.

Niall blinks a few times; he’s certain that it finally happened. His face wouldn’t feel as hot as the summer’s sun in Miami as it does now where he’s left speechless and mindless. The moment is still fresh within his mind—like a stop-motion movie. He could see each picture that makes that two seconds feel like a whole hour to him. Zayn kisses like he means it—whatever he could possibly want a kiss to mean—he proves it well. It’s not in any way Niall perceives the kiss to be aggressive. It was understanding, at the same time hesitant and confident—a whole paradox Niall can’t explain. And maybe that’s why Niall’s left to find the words for his tongue to conjure in a labyrinth deep inside his thought. He didn’t think his mind would feel so free from a haze that made him hold back his steps to take forward.

Finally, there’s the laugh he hates and loves altogether that mocks him quietly. ”Thanks for sharing your headache with me." Zayn smiles faintly where the corner of his lip curves up.

Great, now he's making jokes.

"That's why I took a painkiller before—that." Niall doesn't really have a headache. He felt a few throbs and didn't want for it to become a massive thing.

Zayn sighs when he sits down. He unstraps his bag and Niall's left standing with his arms crossed while he watches Zayn lie down. "You make it sound like you'll contract a disease from me."

Niall huffs. "Yeah, it’s the disease of bein’ an idiot."

"You're very hostile right now." Zayn laughs, bending his arms back behind his head.

"Please, stop talking." Niall derides through a groan when he sits down beside Zayn. His feet were hurting. That's all. "I'm still reflecting on what just happened."

"It's called a moment of weakness." Zayn smirks. "Don't worry. Everyone has those."

"But you don't." Niall scoffs. "Mr.