protect them from, that would drastically change the two.

Notes:

Started: 2013年5月11日（土）

Finished: 2013年5月12日（日）

Needless to say, everything gets worse from here on. For some reason, I find myself replaying the song Halleluja by Rammstein over and over. The lyrics don't match up with the story, but the music itself seems to. :/

Right, better go back to working on Doll. This is the second time in a row that I worked on this story in the middle of writing the other. O_o

30 March 1970

The thick green water poured into the cramped tank, filling the entire tank in less than a minute. Too fast, it filled up way too fast for Sephiroth, and he choked on the green water, coughing and sputtering until his lungs burned. His breathing slowed drastically, and his chest hurt with a dull yet stinging pain as the Mako traveled in and out of his lungs, feeling as if he was being injected with a lot of shots at the same time. He clawed and pounded at the glass as hard as he could, but his hits were reduced to taps. Through the watery green haze, he could see his sister strapped down on the lab table, kicking and screaming for the white coat people to let her and Sephiroth go.

Suddenly, a loud noise boomed, and now his ears were hurting along with the rest of his body.

"Be still," Hojo snapped. His presence had a greater effect than his muffled command; Sephiroth tried to shrink away from him, but the burning – the horrific burning that hurt so much more than when he had to get injected – and the limited space prevented him from moving. Jenova looked as terrified as he felt and yelled louder and harder, stopping abruptly when Hojo walked over to reprimand her.

Gast had said that they weren't going to poke him and his sister today. Sephiroth and Jenova thought that they didn't have to do get poked or hit Banini the dummy. The poking hurt a lot and made Sephiroth feel extremely sick afterwards, and Banini hurt his hand the harder he hit it, and Hojo always forced Sephiroth to hit the dummy as hard as he could. Jenova had to hit Banini, too, and she once made her hand bleed. Gast had wrapped a bandage over her hand and Sephiroth tried to touch it to make it feel better, but only made it hurt more.

Sephiroth trusted Gast. Mean Hojo always called him and his sister names like Specimen, Boy, Girl, and Little Monsters, but Gast didn't. He was always nice and helped make them feel better after they got poked.

But now, Sephiroth wasn't so sure what to think about Gast. Instead of being left alone, he had his clothes taken off by the white coat people and was tossed into the tank. Jenova had kicked at the tank to try to get Sephiroth out, and then the white coat people had taken her and strapped her to the table so she couldn't move.

The Mako hurt every single part of his body: his skin burned and movement irritated it even more; his hands, fingers, feet, and toes felt like they had hit and kicked Banini a hundred times; and his eyes felt heavy. The more he blinked, the harder it was to keep them open. His vision grew more and more black, and soon he couldn't open his eyes anymore. He still felt everything, but he could no longer move and was limited to breathing the Mako in and out. It continued for what felt like forever. In, out. In, out.

An explosion of hurt erupted through Sephiroth's entire body as he fell forward when the Mako drained. He couldn't manage a single sound, nor could he open his eyes. Somebody held him gently and laid him out onto the metal lab table, which nearly froze his back. The voices around him were rushed and unintelligible.

He finally screamed when his arm was prodded. His cry was weak, but the pain was strong, and it was nothing like he had ever felt before. He felt so very alone – where was his sister? In the midst of all the pokes, prods, painful sensations, and unclear noises, there was no clue as to her whereabouts.

Slowly, the voices gained clarity. The first thing he heard was, "Is he dead?"

"No, sweetheart. Don't touch him," the voice – Gast's – said suddenly. "He's hurting a lot."

"Wake up!" Jenova's voice rang loudly in his ear. "Stop sleeping!"

Sephiroth wanted to tell her very badly that he wasn't sleeping, that he just couldn't move. His body wasn't functioning well enough for him to even speak, though he did manage to wiggle a finger or two, and the sluggish feelings were slowly wearing off. The pain, however, stubbornly clung to him like a parasite and discouraged him from moving.

A small touch on his hand burned him and made him jerk, yet it also soothed him at the