around, Zayn.” 

-- 

It’s been weeks since the ‘incident’ and Liam can’t help but keep Zayn on his radar more often. 

He’s even taken it to a point where he dresses in his favorite pair of panties - a pretty pair of pale pink ruffled lace that fit snugly right under his cheeks - and struts in front of his wall length window in hopes of catching Zayn’s eye. 

But to no avail. 

-- 

Zayn’s had it with Liam’s shamelessness. It’s just who gave him permission to flash the neighbours, it certainly wasn’t Zayn. 

He’s tense when he answers his phone, it’s Niall, inviting him to his birthday night that weekend. Zayn’s been civil this far but he loses sight of his manners when he sees Liam drop to his knees, back facing Zayn and bending over. 

-- 

Liam’s just about over with his “show” when his phone rings. He reaches up onto the table to pull it off caller id showing ‘Livvy.” 

“What do you want?” he snaps. 

“Wow, just wanted to invite you out to Niall’s birthday this weekend but I see you don’t deserve it.” 

“Sorry,” Liam sighs, sitting up, “it’s just been a long week.” 

“Yeah, I know, you haven’t been making me any dinner lately. That’s why I stopped coming over.” 

“Whatever. Is it just gonna be us? I don’t wanna third wheel like last time.” 

“No, it’s a proper gathering, tell me you’ll come! Please,” she begs. 

“Fine. I gotta go.” 

Liam was really, really not in the party mood. He needs a nap.
-- 

Come Saturday night and Liam’s found himself in a crowded club, with music and lights that’ve already given him a headache.

He’s sitting on his phone playing with the filters on his snapchat. He’s so distracted that he doesn’t register the air in the room tensing around him. 

When he’s picked his “Welcome to London” and time stamp filters and clicked send to story, he looks up not ready for who he sees. 

The object of his wettest dreams, clad in a white graphic tee and some ripped jeans. He’s the picture of cool and Liam can already feel the drool forming. 

“Liam, babe, this is Niall’s friend Z-”

“Zayn, yeah, I know” 

“Hello, Liam,” Zayn grins, hand outstretched. 

Livvy doesn’t give them a second glance as she turns back to her boyfriend - pulling him out the booth. 

“Fancy seeing you here.” 

“Told you I’d see you around.” 

Zayn reaches out for Liam’s drink, downing it before his grin grows and he leans forward. Breath on Liam’s lobe as he says, “I’ve seen a lot of you around, Liam.” 

Liam chokes before letting out an uncertain, “is that so?” Not sure he has enough liquid courage to go through with this game. 

“Yeah, babe,” teases Zayn, hand at the top of Liam’s thigh. “I’ve seen all those pretty panties you put on. Such a whore, letting all our neighbours see you.” 

With that he finds Liam through his pants, making him let out a moan.

“Shh, baby, don’t want anyone seeing you beg and squirm, do ya?.” 

“Please, Zayn,” Liam begs, skin on fire. “I need something.” 

“Me too, I think I need to dance.” 

With that he leaves a dumbfounded Liam with his hard on and shirley temple. Which is definitely not strong enough. 

--

Four shots and too many drinks later, Liam makes the decision to go home. He decides it’s best because the lights are making his head spin and he can no longer spot Zayn and his partner. 

His head is spinning so fast that he doesn’t hear the velvet voice calling out his name. He just wants to get home to his bed. He’s shocked when a hand grips his shoulder and spins him around - he’s not conscious enough for a fight. 

It’s not a stranger but he doesn’t mind fighting the person in front of him. That’s why he’s not too stunned to find his fist making it’s way towards Zayn’s face. He’s too drunk to have actually hurt him, he knows that, but when he hears Zayn’s laugh, his blood boils.

“Can you go back to grinding your ass on random strangers and leave me alone?” he spits.

“You’re drunk, man, let me get you home.” he teases and Liam’s mad that his dick twitches at the thought. 

“I can manage,” he snaps but as he’s turning he trips over his own two feet but instead of landing face first on the pavement, he falls into