’s work starts off with a demon’s growl and advances into something high paced and metal as fuck. It just makes you want to headbang. There’s something evil about so much auditory adrenaline and the guitar riffs are insane!”

Professor Bane adds “‘ALL BLACK’ - GOOD CHARLOTTE” to the board.

“The piano at the start and end of ‘All Black’ is goth AF. It’s like if a clan of robed vampires gathered in a cemetery. It’s literally the most Goth thing I can imagine. The lyrics are deep and relatable to the outsider and it references some of the greats: The Rolling Stones, Johnny Cash. It’s a love song in its own way. How many songs do you know that fill so many categories in life?”

Professor Bane gazes at Raphael with something akin to pride and writes, finally, “‘MR. CROWLEY’ - CRADLE OF FILTH” on the board, “Impress us, Mr. Santiago. What makes this cover better than the original?”

“It’s deeper than Ozzy, darker, harder, more in tune with the satanic behavior Aleister Crowley was accused of. Let the record show, however, that Crowley was  actually  an occultist hated by God-fearing people because he aimed to obtain all knowledge, to learn what’s forbidden, to divulge secrets known only to God. Dani Filth’s guttural tone and the women vocalizing in the background add a sinister edge to the song. Then, of course, we’re back to the guitar riff. I’m all about those raw instrumentals. It makes you wanna nod your head along, kind of throw your body into it, lose yourself in it, pump the Devil’s horns.”

“Thank you for the history lesson,” Professor Bane drawls, smirk stretching his lips. His wristwatch beeps, signaling that class is five minutes from ending. His eyes widen in surprise, “Alright, let’s turn this into a little project. I’ll pair you guys up. Discuss--with your partner--whether you agree with Raphael or not. Bring your answers with you to the next class as well as a statement detailing your favorite  actual classic. Please make sure the song is over 100 years old.”

“Okay, but…” A girl from the front row starts, raising her hand.

“No, Maia. The oldies do  not  count.”

Somehow, someway, Simon ends up partnered with Raphael. While most people would see this as unfortunate because they’re literally going to discuss Raphael’s opinions, Simon feels blessed. Finally,  finally , he gets to have an in depth conversation with someone about music. And, thankfully, Simon likes half of the songs Raphael mentioned in class.

They’re sitting in Simon’s bedroom just staring at each other. Well, Simon’s actually taking Raphael in for the first time. Glistening golden skin, sharp dark eyes rimmed in black liner, eyebrows arched in a steep slant. His eyelashes must be defined by black mascara, Simon thinks, and his plump, curvaceous lips have to be getting assistance from some honey toned lipgloss. Raphael’s wearing some obscure band tee and black skinny jeans that have seen better days. And, because they’re sitting cross legged on Simon’s bed, Raphael only has black, holey socks on his feet. His big toes stick out of the cotton.

Raphael’s not really  just  staring at him either. He’s glaring at Simon with an air of superior indifference. Simon doesn’t mind. He’s used to pretty people like Raphael looking down on him.

Simon coughs, clearing his throat, “So, what you said in class, about nobody else appreciating music like you do. I totally get that.”

“I doubt it.”

“No, seriously. I was literally just complaining about that to my roommate Clary.”

“What, does she refuse to understand the depths of the latest Taylor Swift single?”

“Actually, Beethoven and AWOLNATION,” Simon says. His insides are caved in, confidence and excitement abandoning him. Raphael’s glare shifts into something softer but Simon can still see a glint of skepticism in his eyes, “Anyway, I took notes on some of the stuff you said in class.”

“What’s your favorite Beethoven song?”

“‘Für Elise’. You?”

“‘Moonlight Sonata’.”

“I’m not surprised.”

“Excuse me?”

“You know, it goes with your whole,” Simon starts, waving his hands in frantic motions to encompass Raphael’s entire being, “Edgy, goth thing.”

“It’s not a  thing …”

“It’s not a phase, mom,” Simon mocks. Raphael’s expression hardens, face returning to its stoicism.

“ That  has nothing to do with my taste in Beethoven. I like ‘Moonlight Sonata’ because it’s  peaceful  . It helps me focus and relax. And as an insomniac, I can relate to it. The moon was basically my sun for the better part of my life. Plus, it pairs perfectly with van Gogh