Got real excited you know? I'm ready to move in and yeah, would love it for you to help."











"Give it a go." Harry tries not to think of anything else as he's being offered a spot on Zayn's bed, all while Harry just got out the shower in nothing but these plaid pajama shorts that Louis gave him for Christmas ones. That's not stopping him from wearing it, because they are his most comfortable pairs of pjs ever. 


 




Though nothing can compare to the feeling when he plops onto Zayn's queen sized bed. Forest green silky material draping over the mattress as there are like six or seven pillows. It's like sky diving into a casting wave of feathers when Harry starts doing snow angels on the bed. 


 




"Why is this cozier than mine?" Harry sighs contently, tucking himself further into the sheets that these thick, but feathery blankets cover his face. "Just wake me up when foods done." 


 




Harry finds himself in one of the best slumbers he's had in the longest time. It's even been a century since he's been able to sleep in the arms of another person, in the sheets that smell other than himself. 


 




Though his peaceful nap doesn't prolong when he hears a dense echoing sound that can only belong to the person of this room, "Look, Louis! My own room! That I don't have to share with anybody else!" Zayn's voice wavers for a moment before continues to speak with a singing voice, "Oh except Harry. Let's wake him up." 


 




"Wait what's he doing in here?" Louis. Harry can tell it's him as well, even with his eyes shut he knows it.


 




"Told him to try it out."


 




"Is that your way of telling him to sleep with you? I came on the wrong time, I'm sure." There's a little soaring feeling in the bottom of Harry's stomach that just whirls throughout his system because, yeah, if he can understand through the blankets covering his face, he's sure Louis is slightly irritated, even jealous to say. 


 




"Fuck off, I'm not like that. I actually you know, have feelings for him. I wouldn't do that. I mean of course I would, but not so easy." Now with this piece of information, it gets Harry's stomach churning in the wrong way. He doesn't like it because it gives him the same feelings Louis once gave him, and because he feels downright awful for using Zayn like this. 


 




"Alright. Alright. Wake him up. I want to eat."


 




"He's your friend too. You wake him then. I'm nervous. What if he doesn't want me to touch him." Ha, touch me. Harry thinks. But wait, he shouldn't want to think that, because he doesn't need, not want Zayn like that. Or so, he thinks. 


 




"We're─ yeah, we're friends." 


 




Harry continues to listen to the two bicker at one another, not bothering to make his presence known. Especially with the bit of Zayn's confession, and Louis' almost confession, he'd rather not make himself obvious that he's eavesdropping.


 




"Then do it."


 




"It's your bed! You do it!"


 




On second thought, Harry is pretty hungry too, especially after the naps. So his actions happen before he can contemplate them, throwing the duvets and thick blankets off his body and shouting, "I'm awake! I'm awake. Stop complaining. I'll get up." 


 




"Hi, sunshine. Sorry for waking up like this. Dinner time, yeah?" Zayn's voice is soothing, but not as much as Harry remembers Louis waking him up from his oversleeping schedule.


 




Harry rubs his cheeks against the silk pillow cover before he applies his professional heart eyes to meet Zayn's honey shade ones, and let's his lips curve into a coy grin naturally, "Yeah! Of course. Lead the way." 


 




Getting up, he does a quick stretch, letting his shirt rise up a few inches enough to show off his belly button. A flicker of glance is exchanged to Louis as he smiles politely, "Hi to you too, Lou!" Harry saunters off as if it's normal to be sleeping in your ex boyfriend's childhood bestmate's bed. 


 




The two, Louis and Harry, are sitting at the dining table meanwhile Zayn's got a glass tray in his hands, claiming that he's baked fried rice. But isn't that a peculiar meal? Doesn't sound familiar to Harry whatsoever, but the way it looks has Harry's mouth watering. 


 




With the steam rising above the mixture of perfectly golden brown rice, orange diced carrots, the brightest shade of yellow corn bits and little baby green peas that resemble ocean pearls, Harry would rate it above five stars,