on one side. Somewhat disappointing, since he’d been hoping she might have gone into the bedroom, but at least he hadn’t come out to find her sitting seiza.

Sakura accepted the water and took a drink as he sat down next to her, and then blurted, “I’m not sure if I’m ready to do this. I’m sorry.”

Well, at least she was being direct. He could be direct too. “Sakura, were you deceiving me about the toxin? Am I going to die?”

“What? No!”

“Or perhaps it’s greatly shortened my life?”

“No! Nothing like that at all!”

“You’re not planning to go missing-nin, are you? Because I will have to take you into custody Sakura-chan. I only allow myself to be fooled by one missing-nin per decade and the position has already been filled.”

She laughed. “No, of course not!”

“Well then, it sounds like we have no reason to rush this, then.”

Sakura smiled, looking much more comfortable but still a bit shy. “I guess you’re right. I was just… with Sasuke… well, I came very close to… doing it…”

“Having sex,” Kakashi supplied helpfully.

“Yes,” she laughed a bit guiltily at being caught out in euphemism. “And it just all came on so suddenly and there was no condom, so I finally said no, and then the next day he was gone, without saying goodbye as usual, and I haven’t heard from him since. And I can’t help thinking, if I had slept with him, would it have changed anything? But even if it had… would I want to be with him, if saying no to sex without a condom made him vanish with no word for months? Have you heard from Sasuke?”

“Yes,” Kakashi answered honestly. “Not often, but regularly. He’s still visiting other dimensions, I believe.”

“Since he’s the only one with that eye, he has to do it… is what I’ve told myself… but… at this point… I really wonder if it will ever end… if he’ll ever be satisfied that he can come back to Konoha… am I being selfish, giving up on him now?”

Kakashi breathed in and considered his answer carefully. For all that there was bitterness there, part of her still loved Sasuke and probably would always love him. “I think you have to decide if the happiness you might, possibly, someday be able to give Sasuke if he is ever willing to accept it, outweighs the happiness you can choose to give yourself and others who are willing to accept it right now. And I don’t just mean me.” He wiggled his eyebrows. “Although I do very much mean me.”

She giggled. “And what do you mean by ‘happiness’?”

“Well. A few things. One of which I would really prefer you only give to me from now on,” he said, and then tapped his finger thoughtfully on his chin and added, “although I could make an exception for you to give it to yourself, if for example I was away—”

“Kakashi!”

“It’s perfectly natural and healthy, Sakura-chan,” he chided her with mock seriousness. “Surely a medic like yourself knows how to make her body feel good?”

“I’m not that inexperienced,” she protested. “I have… you know… fooled around.”

“So have I,” he stage whispered, and caught the zabuton cushion she threw at him with a grin. “Although I have to say that a tatami mat isn’t the best place for that kind of thing.” He glanced significantly in the direction of the bedroom.

“It’s so odd that they gave you such a traditional living room but such a foreign bedroom.” Sakura set her empty glass to the side and got up casually, as if she was just wanted to check out this architectural curiosity for herself.

Kakashi followed her just as casually, wishing his yukata had pockets to stick his hands in. “Ah, well, that was at my request, actually. I live for beds. I love beds.” He sidled around her and fell bonelessly backwards onto the enormous mattress, making her giggle at the contrast to the taut and lithe killing machine he often moved like. “Big, luxurious, wastes of space. A bed and a reading lamp is really all I want from a home.”

“What about a bathroom?”

“And a bathroom.” He stretched and ended with a sort of awkward half-stretch half-patting gesture, that Sakura could interpret as an invitation to climb into the bed too or ignore as she saw fit.

She climbed into the bed, and Kakashi moved as she got in, arranging the small army of pillows for a surface for them to lean against the headboard.

“No television or radio?”

“No.” He stretched again, in an exaggerated way that ended with his