scrambled away from the angry Terrier that was now scratching at the window, and stumbled slightly, laughing too hard to even realise they had bumped into other cars, Niall leading the way to his car, temporarily forgetting about it’s P.O.S. state,

still high off of Zayn’s taste.

When they reached the year 2005 model Toyota truck though, Niall was instantly reminded just how shitty it really was.

It wasn’t that Niall wasn’t grateful, he knew it was enough that he even had a car, but he would’ve liked a nice, sleek, black motorcycle better…

Acting as if he didn’t care how bad it looked, Niall dug out his keys and unlocked the door.

Before he could make it to the drivers side, Zayn was pulling him back and sternly saying,”You’re still drunk.” while grabbing the blonde’s arms and slowly sliding his hands down to Niall’s wrists, intertwining his left hand with Niall’s right and swiftly snatching the keys from Niall’s left before he could protest.

A grin spread across Niall’s face, and he let Zayn pull him to the passengers side, just like he let him grip his waist softly as if Niall were a fragile piece of China, lift him up like he was a feather, put him in the seat like a small, loved child, buckle him up with the utmost care, and swoop in for another, hotter, kiss.

After all, it’s not like he minded.

In fact, he quite liked it.

Zayn jogged around the car to the drivers side, wondering the whole way why the fuck he was doing this, then, as he climbed into the car and met Niall’s cloudy, yet pure blue eyes, pupils slightly blown in lust, and saw the Irish lad’s tongue caught between canines, pink as the cancer ribbon his mother wore in her grave, he just knew.

This guy is special.

As he turned the key, starting the engine, Zayn saw a shadow under a streetlight.

Realizing what,

or rather who,

it was, he briefly scowled at the sillhouette.

He didnt like when his father came around snooping, he and his three sisters got along just fine with what Zayn made as a gang leader,

plus,

his father wasn’t welcome around here,

especially after refusing to use his drug money to pay for his wife’s treatment,

and the fucker knew it.

Niall glanced down at his lap, convinced he was the reason for Zayn’s scowl, and picked the seat, suddenly unsure as to whether or not Zayn really wanted him, or if this was gonna turn out like one of those horrific pity sex stories Niall had heard his brothers ex-girlfriends telling.

What if Zayn just up and left after the deed was done?

Nail realized he probably would, and felt the telltale pinprick of tears, sucking in a slow breath and deciding that, maybe,

Zayn wasn’t the guy for the job.

Now Niall had to play it off and pretend he was too drunk to remember what he had basically been begging for, which wouldn’t be easy at all, but he had to stop this now, or else he’ll have made his bed, as ironic as the saying was, and he’d have to lie in it.

Alone.

Soft fingers lightly ran across his cheek, moving down to grip Niall’s chin, slowly lifting his head up so that Niall was face to face with Zayn. Concerned, perceptive, chocolate brown eyes saw past a troubled gaze and into Niall’s thoughts, but not only that, his soul as well, with all its insecurities and needs, soft words quelling Niall’s fear.

“If you want me to stay, I’ll stay.”

They linked their fingers as they neared Niall’s house, and Niall had enough of a brain, inebriated as it was, to question his sanity as he playfully snagged his keys back from Zayn to unlock his door.

Chuckling at Niall’s childish actions, Zayn swung their hands a bit while they stepped into the house, a nice, homy feeling encasing them as they shut the door behind themselves.

“Shall we take this to the bedroom?”

A light clicked on in his head, and Niall grinned sheepishly, scratching his neck. “At the moment, I don’t have a ‘bed’. I do have a couch though? And a floor.”

As if to punctuate this, Niall stomped his foot to the ground.

“Lots of nice, hard floor.”

Amused, Zayn stepped towards Niall, forcing him to take a step backwards, and he repeated the process until Niall’s back met the hallway’s wall, and his breathing was once again labored, then Zayn leaned forward and, in the near dark, mouthed at the hollow of Niall’s neck, all but moaning the words,”I’d rather have lots of nice, hard you.”

Letting his head fall back, Niall’s mouth opened a bit, and his