to hoist him up. Kenma wrapped his legs around his waist while he positioned himself so he can rub his erection on Kenma’s ass. 

“Shut up, just hurry and fuck me hard” Kenma whispered to Kuro ears and this makes Kuro riled up; completely given up on holding himself back. He pulled Kenma’s hair with his right and while his left hand was on Kenma’s back to support him. He relentlessly licks and bite Kenma’s lip and shoves his tongue on Kenma. This kiss was rough, both of them not wanting to dominate and does not think of submitting.

Kuro then moved his left hand to Kenma’s ass and gave it a squeeze, Kenma who was unprepared, can’t help but moan and Kenma’s moan never fails to make Kuro arouse, and it hurts because he wanted to fuck Kenma as soon as possible but he still hasn’t prepared Kenma.

Kuro who was excited to move on to his target felt his hair pulled back and was forced to look up at Kenma.

“Bed. Right now” Kenma’s voice was dripping of impatience and need. His body craving Kuro. Wanting Kuro inside of him.








The way to Kenma’s bed wasn’t that difficult, but since they were drowning each other with kisses, while on their way they have definitely bump into a million of things but they didn’t mind. As long as their bodies is flushed against each other. 

Finally reaching Kenma;s bed. Kenma was laid down on his back and Kuro temporarily pulled back to get his pants off completely along with his underwear, while Kenma reached out to get the condoms and lotion from his drawer and handed it to Kuro.

Kuro then poured lotion all over Kenma and the smell of the lotion filled the room. He then also poured a generous amount on his hand while Kenma took of his shorts. Kuro who has just finished pouring the lotion on his hand pulled Kenma into him, and they are in now in a sitting position with Kenma straddling Kuro while sitting on him. 

Kuro started with two fingers right away because Kenma is completely sopping wet, Kenma whimpered and moaned with the contact, getting himself wetter and his pre-cum dripping into Kuro stomach. He then leaned his body closer to Kuro, giving Kuro an easier time. 

“More...” Kuro then stretched him painfully slow for Kenma and then nibbled on his ear.

“Kuro...please.” 

“Sorry Kitten, I don’t want to hurt you”

“I promise you’re not, it’s more painful if you won’t” Kenma breathe into Kuro ears and made his way down to his neck to leave marks. Kuro complied and inserted another finger inside him.

This made Kenma harder, wetter and turned on that he pressed himself back at Kuro fingers then making a mess on Kuro stomach with his pre-cum. Kuro likes it when Kenma becomes sluttier during their sex because this boy always show little to no emotion and loves seeing Kenma wanting him. He then started thrusting his fingers inside Kenma more roughly.

Kenma then suddenly stiffened because Kuro’s finger has found his good spot. Kenma panicked because If Kuro continuously rubbed that place he would inevitably come right away.

“Wait Kuro, not there” pushing Kuro away but this only made Kuro rub him more at the same place. Kenma feeling too good and slowly reaching his peak have made his mind a mess.

“No, I don—wait-- Kuro” and he climaxed, spilling his cum all over him and Kuro as he collapsed on the bed. 

“I told you to stop, idiot” Kenma pouted which goes straight to Kuro aching member. Kuro absolutely loved seeing Kenma with his eyes wet from cumming, his faced flush and his hair messed up. 

“Erotic.” He then dived in for Kenma lips, kissing him deeply. He grabbed the closest pillow and put it behind Kenma to make it easier for them to fuck.  And Kenma clings into him, reaching his arms around his neck and his legs trying to straddle Kuro. Kenma then felt Kuro entering but he wasn’t prepared for Kuro to suddenly thrust into him. Gasping when he felt himself full.

“I thought that you don’t want to hurt me.”

“It’s your fault for being too erotic” leaving more trail of kisses on Kenma. Kenma moaned in return. Kuro continued thrusting into Kenma while Kenma matched his pace. As their climax builds up by the second, they were both calling each other’s name out.

“…Kuro” Kenma calling him out.	

“Ah…Kuro”

“What do you want, Kitten?” His hips continues to thrust into Kenma.

“Kiss..I want to kiss.” Kuro complied. He hold Kenma cheeks and kissed him full on the lips. And this time the kiss was intense and sloppy because both of them are going to reach their climax soon. And Kuro was calling Kenma’s name again and again.

Kenma looked at Kuro which has his eyes closed. And Kenma loves seeing Kuro like this. He loves it when Kuro found himself irresistible, he