't mind if I do, old boy," smirked Douglas, his voice as smooth as 25-year-old Talisker. "I'm sure you provide an absolutely splendid ride."

"Oh darling," teased Herc, "with your reputation, I'm expecting the most awfully lovely, super-scrumptious time."

Douglas pushed his armchair up against the armrest of Herc's and leaned across the arms, letting them provide a solid barrier to anything below the waist. He put a hand confidently round the back of Herc's neck, feeling the short hair bristle under his hand.

"Just you relax, baby, and let Captain Sex-God Richardson take control," murmured Douglas, letting his lips pout into kissing shape close to Herc's mouth.

Herc slide a hand into Douglas's thick long hair and tugged gently. "With this lot, I'm pretty sure you're the girl, sweetcheeks. Why not let Captain Sinful Shipwright show you how it's done?" He slid forward and pressed his lips slowly, showily, against Douglas's pouting mouth. 

Douglas tilted his head obligingly to the side and for long moments they relaxed into the soft press of lips and skin and gently roaming fingertips.

Douglas pulled back just an inch and whispered quietly enough that their audience couldn't hear, "Tongue?"

"Why not?" replied Herc softly, shivering lightly as Douglas teased the short hairs on the nape of his neck. "Let's show these losers how to do it properly." He pulled back further, raised his voice and purred in his warmest tones. "Oh Douglas! Douglas darling! Take me, I'm yours!"

Douglas dropped his voice to its lowest register and growled. "Hercules! Press me to your pounding bosom!" Douglas licked his lips lasciviously  and very obviously captured Herc's open mouth with his own, managing to swallow down Herc's fit of laughter. They slid their arms around each other, offering their very best Hollywood kiss, mobile lips, agile tongues, eating into each other's mouths, sliding into warmth and heat and silky softness, into cascading desire and growing--

"Jesus, Douglas, we need to calm down." It was Herc who managed to pull back, whispering urgently to his friend while trying to control his ragged breathing. 

Douglas sucked in a deep breath and pulled back smoothly, turning to their flabbergasted audience with a nonchalant smile. "So, I think that proves the point. Herc, your car keys?"

Herc gave his keys to Douglas who tossed them across to the mortified FO, along with his own. "And I expect you to do a tip-top job, no shirking, get right up there under the wheel arches," he ordered. "And you-- What's your name? Harris, Hermann, something?" He snapped his fingers at another young pilot. "Harrow, sir," replied the man. "Right, Harrow. See the what's-his-name there does a first class job and be sure to get some pictures."

"Why? Where are you two going?" demanded the humiliated pilot, trying for one last chance to get in a dig. 

"Why, we're off to pull some stewardesses, of course," replied Douglas casually. "This thing," he waved between himself and Herc. "This is all very well for a warm up, but when a man needs to get the job done, obviously he needs a handful of warm, wet pussy. We're off to go hunting."

He and Herc left the lounge to the sound of relieved laughter from their audience as the world tipped back up the right way, with heterosexuality firmly back in its centre. 

Herc grabbed his arm and pulled him down the corridor and round a corner to where they had some privacy. "Good Lord, Douglas, did you have to push it so far? You are one hell of a cocktease."

"Why Herc old chum, did the earth move for you?" smirked Douglas.

"Don't give me that, you were gone too. If I hadn't reminded you where the hell we were--" Herc took a deep breath. "Christ, I don't know if I can last long enough to go on the pull."

Douglas leaned against the wall next to Herc, carefully not looking at him. "Well, we could just take the quick way out and-- you know--"

Herc shot him a surprised look. "You mean--"

"Yes. Just this once. Of course it wouldn't mean anything. Just friends-- you know--"

"Giving each other a helping hand," supplied Herc.

"Exactly."

"We need somewhere we definitely won't be disturbed," said Herc slowly, thinking hard. "I know, that disabled loo on the admin mezzanine level."

"Good thinking, that good old Heathrow special. Put the disabled loo on a floor where the lift doesn't stop."

Both men headed for the flight of stairs.

"Damn you, Douglas," huffed Herc as he clambered up.