go, shouldn't he? That was what he was supposed to do. And he assumed that was what Iron Bull expected. Their curiosities had been sated, and Dorian had been fucked well enough that he would sleep through the night. Possibly until the afternoon.

"Okay," said Iron Bull, tossing the shirt over his shoulder. He slid his arm under Dorian's back, lifting him up before Dorian could protest. "Hey, I need to change the sheets. You're in the way."

"You realize this is bordering on humiliation," Dorian said. Bull was cradling him to his chest with one hand, tugging at the sheet with the other. He didn't even seem to notice the extra weight. "Most adults don't enjoy being carried like swaddled babes."

"I could throw you over my shoulder," said Iron Bull. He left the dirty sheet on the floor and tugged the loose sheet up, smoothing it over the bed. When he glanced down at Dorian, he was grinning. "But then I wouldn't be able to look at you, handsome."

It was a cheap line, but it still made something under Dorian's skin sing. He looked away, muttering, "Degenerate."

"Eh, I'll take it." Iron Bull placed Dorian on the far side of the bed and settled in beside him. His knee cracked when he stretched. "You can stay, if you want."

"No," said Dorian, and absolutely didn't take one more look at Iron Bull's cock before he slipped out of bed.

"I'll pretend to be asleep when you sneak out in the morning," Iron Bull offered. His tone was light enough that Dorian knew he was teasing. Still, Dorian ignored him and searched for his trousers.

When Dorian was finished, he pushed his hand through his hair, clearing his throat. It was always good to be polite, after. "Well, thank you."

"Sure. Door's still unlocked, if you wanna go again."

Dorian didn't know how to answer that. He shrugged and headed for the door, stopping when he stepped on something squishy. It was a melted candle stub, mashed into his boot heel.

"If you clean your quarters first," Dorian replied. He scraped the wax off his boot and tossed it onto the bed. "Honestly, Bull."

"It's not that bad," Iron Bull protested. He was sweaty, sprawled in bed with one knee bent, scratching at his belly. It was annoying, how good he looked. "Sleep well."

Dorian opened the door and fled back into the tavern.

It was nearly empty. Cabot was gone, and so was the bard. He heard Sera snoring when he walked past her alcove. There were a few drunks in the corner, slumped against each other with a half-finished bottle of rum between them. Dorian stopped and checked, but they were still breathing, so he moved on.

Downstairs, he lifted a bottle of wine from behind the bar and left far too much coin in its place. He wrenched the cork out with his teeth, spitting it onto the floor. Oh, he'd been in the south for far too long. Somewhere, his parents were shuddering.

Dorian hopped onto a stool and drank from the bottle. He wiped at his mouth, sighing. The weight of Bull's hands still lingered, and his skin reeked of come and sweat. He wanted to go back upstairs and see what Bull's horns felt like.

"Fuck," Dorian announced to the tavern, and drank again.

*

There was a key in Dorian's pocket.

A key. It was too heavy. Dorian felt oddly lopsided every time it shifted in his pocket. He didn't want it. It was overwhelming, and it was just a key, so Iron Bull didn't have to keep his door unlocked or crawl out of bed in the middle of the night. A hunk of metal shouldn't have been so distracting. It wasn't a ring, or some token of affection. It was only a tool. It didn't mean something. Anything.

The metal pressed against his thigh with every step.

Was it customary to give Bull a key to his quarters in return? Probably. Dorian had no idea what he was supposed to do. He doubted Iron Bull knew much, either, but that wasn't much comfort.

Dorian scowled and tried to ignore the weight. His boots clicked against the stone floor, echoing down the corridor. This floor was mainly personal chambers, with a few storage rooms; his own quarters were just around the corner. He wanted nothing more than to sprawl in bed with cheap liquor and a good book. Perhaps he could toss the key out the window and pretend he'd misplaced it. Bull would understand.

Something clinked behind him. Dorian knew who it was before he turned around.

"Hey," said Iron Bull, from the opposite end of the corridor. For such a