, he still kept his distance. He was also a great manipulator, picking out who would lead the Muggles," he pointed out. "Also, it'll shock all the Light Wizards and I just want to see their faces," he smirked.


Hermione had a good laugh at his words and nodded approvingly.


"Then I'll be Morgana," Narcissa said. "Partly because she's my favourite witch in history and also because she was in the same era as Merlin. They were on opposing sides, so it'll be fun to go as them while we're a couple." She gave her husband a small wink that suggested some things Hermione would rather not think about.


"Mum!" Draco groaned with all the mannerism of a teenager.


"Oh hush, Draco. Sometimes Scorpius is more mature than you," Narcissa chided.


Hermione just looked around the table in amusement and noted that Scorpius was just grinning into his food. Draco did have his childish moments, but she supposed that if her parents remembered her, she would have been rather childish around them as well.


"That only leaves you, Hermione." Draco said, in a vain attempt to direct the attention away from his outburst, and more importantly, whatever his parents wanted to do in their costumes. "Who are you going to go as?"


"I really don't know. So many interesting witches to choose from. It's hard to just pick one."


"You have to go as someone whom you can look good as," Draco tried to help her. "Like with Janus, I get to dress up in the elaborate clothes of a 17th century French aristocrat. Lots of silk and lace, maybe even a fashionable cane can all be a part of my costume."


Hermione smiled at Draco. He was always so stylish and aware of the fashion of the hour. It was so very Draco to think of it like that.


"I have an idea," Narcissa spoke up. "A bit similar to Morgana was Cliodne. She was a druidess who lived around the same time as she did. She was good with potions, having discovered the properties of Moondew and was also a healer, besides being rather powerful. You said you want to train to become a healer after your divorce. She was also fond of the colours purple and green, which are excellent choices for you as well," she explained.


Hermione thought about it for a minute. She had read about the druidess and even looked into how she used Moondew to create her potions.


"Great idea, Narcissa," she said, smiling at the older woman. "I'll go with your suggestion."


They soon finished their breakfast and left the table. Hermione went up to her room to change and then took a stroll around the gardens. The rest of her day passed peacefully.




* * *

However, the coming days lacked the same sedated pace. She had attended many Ministry functions in the past with her husband, but going with the Malfoys was very different. Just the time, effort and money that was put into the preparations astounded her, but the name 'Malfoy' was still synonymous with 'perfection'; therefore, she could not let her host family down.


On the day following their over breakfast decision, she was called to the Manor's ballroom by a house-elf. She wondered about it, but she supposed it had something to do with the ball, so she went. Once she entered, to her surprise Lucius Malfoy stood at the centre of the room. To the side there was a wizarding wireless set up with a house-elf standing next to it. What amazed her was that Lucius, standing there all alone, managed to fill the large space. His cane was nowhere to be seen and he wore one of his elegant day robes. The polished wooden floor reflected his visage and the light from the large French doors at the opposite end of the room lit up his golden hair. At that moment, Hermione knew the purpose of her little one-on-one time with the eldest Malfoy.


Lucius smiled at her and called Hermione towards him. She obliged him and went to him, a bit self-conscious because of her impending dance lesson. As she stood before him, Lucius bowed to her.


"May I have this dance, Milady?" He straightened with an even wider smile.


"Of course, M'Lord," she said as she curtsied to the older, but still very handsome gentleman.


He raised his arms in the correct position for a waltz and she joined him. The house-elf started the music and they began to dance. Hermione felt very comfortable in his arms to her bewilderment. He was an excellent dancer and he lead her around the room with an effortless grace that always seemed a part of the man. She had avoided dancing during the previous functions she attended with the Malfoys because she never felt comfortable next to all the elegantly flying couples. However, in the arms of such an expert she felt safe and secure. It amazed her that her feet found the rhythm and the previously complex steps