."

"Sherlock will be back soon with the milk," John said trying to shift attention away from Mycroft. "He will have talked himself into another try by now. Or re the two of you tag teaming to try and get me into bed again?"

 "Is it that hard?" She chuckled it from the kitchen. "Takeout?" Something quick and easy implied just that.

"Hell why not," John said smiling as he got up to get the menus. "What do you fancy?" He'd have to message it in. The restaurants hated the fact that he nullified their sales pitch to buy more, and he swore he could hear the equivalent of 'bloody hell not him' every-time he had called in. Screwed with the National Barter percentage they were allowed to try and compel from customers.

 "Thai, I think." It irked Sherlock a little, but John was handy with the messaging and most businesses accepted it as a form of transaction now a days. "Pad Thai would be good."

"Shall I order for Sherlock? Or is he in a sulking mood," John asked. "I mean, he is technically between cases. You know what he's like." It had been the reason they had all ended up living together after all. Sherlock had spiraled out of control, and was able compel whatever crack, or drugs out of any dealer he wanted, and that had become dangerous.

 "He'll eat the fried rice." And Mary picked up on things that John did not necessarily always remember. They were a good team.

"And probably steal half of whatever we order," John agreed. He texted off the order for delivery and then wandered over to nuzzle Mary affectionately. "Hello."

 "Hello." She smiled, a warm familiar thing, her scent faintly chocolate and lavender and she turned her head into the gesture while finishing pouring her tea. "Good day then?"

"The horrified pitying looks were down to a minimum, and I only got called a Silence fetish-ing freak once" John answered giving her a light kiss. "Mainly because I blanked the guy’s feeble attempt to seduce my compliance. Seriously, it barely registered a 0.5 intensity."

"And Sherlock mocked him heartily, I can tell." She turned, putting her arms around his waist leisurely, a possessive motion.

"Mm, of course. Assumed I was easy pickings I guess. One day Sherlock is really going to tell someone to go fuck themselves and they'll do it." John replied, running his hands over her sides and hips. "Am I a freak though?" It brought back too many memories of Harry's accusations, and serious discussions at school about his 'disability'. Usually when he punched some developing Compulsion ability in the face for trying to force sex on him.

 "You're a rarity in this world, John. More like a unicorn than Loch Ness monster. Can you imagine a world where people had to use just words to convince someone, and everyone could decide how much weight to give them?" It had never been that way and John didn't think it ever would be, but sometimes he wondered.

"The people who choose to be like I am are considered perverted and." He grimaced and exhaled, rolling his shoulders to loosen stiff muscles. "Sorry. Being called that brings back bad memories of Harry. She would always yell that."

 "But it's not a choice for you." She rubbed fingers along his back, soothing him with gestures instead of intonations.

"No, but it not natural for you and Sherlock." John paused a moment, considering what he was saying. "Mind you, I'm not sure anything is normal with Sherlock.

 "If it weren't a massive inconvenience, I think he'd try to go voiceless just because he could. To piss Mycroft off." She let her hands wander a little lower than the small of his back.

She was beautiful. Smart, funny, successful and inexplicably she wanted him when she could have literally had anyone. "But then he wouldn't be able to screw with Lestrade and his team."

 "Like picking wings off flies. He's not about to give that up," she chuckled, tipping her head down to nuzzle at his neck. "Can't stand in the kitchen making out all day, can we?"

"We've got Thai coming...” he warned. But he couldn't resist her. "We could probably fit something in." Sherlock might be jealous, but that was usually fun.

 "Sofa?" She asked, grinning at him as she started to nudge him backwards.

"Well we all know you are brilliant," John said as they tumbled back onto the couch, practically giggling at the ungainly collapse.

And of course that was when Sherlock decided to return.

 It was a shame that he hadn't intercepted the deliveryman on his way in, but John hadn't gotten very far. It was just comfortable laying back on the sofa, Mary kneeling over him, and sitting