.

 

"Who else is involved in this game of hide and seek?" Ushijima asks.

 

"Everyone you don't see here." Tendou answers with a laugh.

 

"I suggest we check what players who have here, determine who we're missing and then find them." Suga says.

 

"Yeah...I agree."

 

"Let's separate the teams by rooms and then meet up." Iwaizumi says. Everyone in the hall moves into a room with their teams captain and after a few minutes Iwaizumi, Akaashi, Daichi, Ushijima and Moniwa meet back in the hallway.

 

"Soooo Koganegawa, Aone and Sakunami are missing from my team." Moniwa says.

 

"Kindaichi, Matsukawa, Hanamaki and Yahaba are missing from my team." Iwaizumi sighs.

 

"My team is missing Komi, Konoha and Sarukui." Akaashi states.

 

"I need to find Goshiki, Yamagata, Semi and Shirabu." Ushijima says.

 

"Noya, Tanaka, Kinoshita, Hinata and Narita are missing as well." Daichi sighs.

 

"Should we partner up to find the missing teammates?" Moniwa asks.

 

"Yeah....I'll partner up with you Moniwa." Iwaizumi says.

 

"I'll partner up with Sawamura-san." Akaashi states and Daichi nods his head.

 

"You good on your own Ushijima?" Daichi asks.

 

"Yes, I will be fine." Ushijima nods. The captains split up and begin searching for their missing teammates.

 


Tuesday night 11:12 pm...


 

"NOYA! KOMI! COME BACK HERE!" Daichi yells as he and Akaashi run after the two.

 

"WAHAHAHAHAHA! NEVER!" Noya yells as he and Komi jump into the elevator with Tanaka as the doors close.

 

"Should we catch the elevator as well?" Akaashi asks and Daichi shakes his head.

 

"No, we'd probably have better luck with the staircase. We need to catch the three of them as well as Kinoshita." Daichi says.

 


Tuesday night 11:20 pm...


 

"YAHABA!" Iwaizumi yells as he spots him in the lobby talking to Shirabu.

 

"Uh oh." Shirabu mutters as he and Yahaba turn towards Iwaizumi and Moniwa.

 

"The game is over now. You two need to head back to your hotel rooms now." Moniwa says.

 

"If you see anyone else that's not a captain tell them as well." Iwaizumi says.

 

"Okay." Yahaba replies as he and Shirabu move to the elevators.

 


Tuesday night 11:26 pm...


 

"Semi." Ushijima calls out to the player as he spots him and a Karasuno player peeking out of a stairwell.

 

"Shit." Semi mutters as he and Kinoshita step out of the stairwell.

 

"The game is over now, you two need to return to your rooms." Ushijima states.

 

"Really?" Kinoshita asks.

 

"That sucks!" Semi exclaims.

 

"Semi." Ushijima says.

 

"I got it, I got it. We're headed back now." Semi huffs as he and Kinoshita walk to the elevator.

 


Tuesday night 11:40 pm...


 

The captains stood in the hallway near their hotel rooms as their teammates finished moving to their correct rooms for the night. They found everyone and had them return to their rooms, but they also found the messes that the players created throughout the hotel.

 

"I can't believe they created such a mess!" Moniwa exclaims.

 

"I can." Iwaizumi and Daichi reply simultaneously and grin at each other.

 

"We're likely to hear about this from the coaches in the morning." Ushijima states.

 

"I don't think this will end well after the coaches find out." Akaashi sighs and the other captains nod their heads in agreement.

 

"Well we should call it a night and hope for the best." Daichi says with a smile.

 

"Agreed." Ushijima nods before heading to his room.

 

"Goodnight everyone!" Moniwa smiles as he and Akaashi move to their rooms.

 

"Goodnight!" Iwaizumi and Daichi reply as they head to their rooms as well.

WELL THAT WAS A JOURNEY LOL

Sooo I'm gonna try and update this as often as I can but my school schedule is kinda busy so we'll see how it works out =)

They were kicked out and banned, leading them to stay where???

Soooooo it's been forever since I updated this FanFic! I kinda forgot to post the update last month XD


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Chapter 4: Day 3

 


Wednesday morning 7:36 am...


 

The teams stood outside of their hotel with all of their belongings they had packed for the training camp. Their buses had yet to arrive and their coaches were currently inside the hotel talking to the hotel managers and staff. They were all woken early by the staff and managers ordering them to pack their things and evacuate. After about fifteen minutes the coaches finally walked out of the hotel looking tired and irritated.

 

"Well we have no place to stay tonight and have been banned from this hotel." Coach Irihata sighed.

 

"I knew something crazy was going to happen but I didn't expect us to get the boot." Coach Ukai chuckled.

 

"Hopefully Coach Nekomata can help us find a place to stay