managed to answer. He became intrigued on my identity and decided to check on the business card and he's mouth gaped open again. "Y-You're E-Ethan.."

"I am. If you don't have any business with this guy, I prefer you leave and find another place to get a coffee."

The guy hastily nod and left also mouthing a 'thank you' before he went off. I faced Niall. He blinked twice. "So you aren't hurt or anything?"

"I'm not, thank you." He bowed down, "Thank you so much! But sir I don't think I'll be able to pay the amount you placed on the cheque." He frowned.

"Don't worry, I'm not even asking you to pay for it." His eyes widen, "I'm really sorry for the inconvenience, sir. I couldn't thank you enough for standing up for me..Could I please get your name?"

"Well, Chris, if you're really that interested. I'm Ethan. Ethan James."

And his eyes doubles the size hearing that.


Louis


I stood by Harry's side as we watched Zayn and Niall perform their scene. I gave a glance to Harry, he's got his focused on Zayn. He's pretty much still worried about Zayn, I know he haven't seen Zayn anything like this before.

I know they can do this and I was proven correct after they did the scene all in one take. Harry yelled 'Yes!' triumphantly and suddenly tackled me for a hug.

I was uncertain for the moment but slowly I find my arms adjusting and embracing him. To be honest, I was uncertain about everything that we both have. I know people might see us as normal friends though there's something even deeper than that. The first time I landed my eyes on him, I had a crush. The first time I shook my hands with him, I felt the sparks. The thing I was looking for.

I've made it my practice, belief, or whatever, that if I ever find a guy that I like no matter how much I like him if there's no sparks then he's really not the one I'm looking for, not the person I would spend my life with.

But Harry, he was the guy that made me feel sparks and I wouldn't miss the opportunity to chase him. So after our first meeting, I took his number and reasoned out that I need it if ever I need updates about the show. When we got home, I sent him a text to let him know that it was my number and that didn't stopped. I asked him questions, I am persistent, I wouldn't let this guy slip out of my fingers. We texted the whole night, our topic changing from time to time.

His texts we're quite a bit short to my liking. I tried to ask things about him since we really wasn't able to talk to get to know ourselves because damn Niall pinched my sides which still hurts to quickly put the show on topic. He said there's not much to know about him. Oh hell no. There was a lot! Definitely I could write a list that would extend from north pole to south pole about things I want to know abou him, I'm kidding, but sitll there's alot I want to know. Nonetheless, I had a great time texting with him all night.

Our second meeting was at the pre-reading and I would like to add was a lot hell better than the first. I established myself a plan, which is to drag Harry to eat and talk personally while Niall and Zayn do the pre-reading. It was recorded anyway so yeah the plan was a success. Harry was a damn cute, funny, and handsome guy and after that talk I couldn't deny I was head over heels for him. I asked him how long was he working for Zayn, what course did he take on college and other more. I'm glad he kinda opened up answering that he'd been working Zayn for quite a long time though he can't specifically said the exact time span, he just said he started working for Zayn the time Zayn decided to enter the showbiz business. Fortunately, Harry took a Film and Media Production course (idk if this is real, i'm only on middle school so yeah i don't have a complete knowledge about college courses but anyways i hope you get the point). In return, I answered my own question, telling him that I was working with Niall for well quite long time well not really since he just entered showbiz recently but we were friends even before so that's why Niall chose me. Speaking of Niall, he then barged in. I was so occupied with Harry and I's discussion that I wasn't able to acknowledge his presence instantly.

He was mad. But he quickly shook