a decorative element. He also takes note of the two large cushions covered in animal hair and wonders why he hasn't seen the dogs yet.

Steve steps into the room from the doorway leading to their side of the house just as Anne comes in from the other carrying a wooden tray with two fluffy white towels draped over her arm. James watches quietly as she eyes his friend carefully, shoulders pulling inward in an obviously unconscious gesture as if she's expecting a blow of some kind. Steve's frown as she turns to set the tray on the coffee table lets Bucky know that the gesture didn't go unnoticed by either man.

"Where?" Anne asks, gesturing toward James. He lays his right hand against his ribs in quiet answer. "Shirt off then, please."

Bucky hesitates but Anne is already turning away to shift a floor lamp closer for visibility. He tugs the long sleeve shirt off and holds himself very still as she turns back around. James sees her eyes skim quickly over the metal arm before zeroing in on the angry red lines that take up most of his side.

"How long ago did you do this?" She asks as she kneels in front of him and reaches for a pair of blue nitrile gloves.

"No gloves." James says, sharper than intended. Anne pauses and looks directly up into his face for a long couple of seconds. Without a word she sets the gloves aside and reaches for a dark green bottle instead. She pours some of the liquid onto her hands and rubs vigorously. James is expecting the smell of alcohol but instead it's something that smells crisp and light.

"Witch hazel." Anne mutters without being prompted. She dries her hands on the smaller towel before folding it and tipping the bottle against a clean portion of the cloth. It doesn't sting at all and is warm when she uses it to clean the entire length of the wound. "How long?" Anne repeats, not looking up again.

"Four days." Steve says from where he'd taken a seat on the other half of the sectional. If Bucky hadn't been watching her closely he would have missed Anne's flinch at the sound of the other man's voice.

James frowns as she repeats the cleaning process on a pair of tiny scissors and short handled tweezers. He doesn't like the tightness he sees in the set of Anne's shoulders, but is helpless to change it. Even with the added tension Steve's presence seems to cause Anne moves deftly, her hands completely steady when she lays one gently against his skin beside the smallest of the stitches. Bucky sucks in a sharp breath at the feeling of heat that courses through him the instant she touches him. She shoots him a questioning look from under her eyelashes but he shakes his head and she turns back to her inspection of the wounds.

"They're healing nicely." Anne speaks softly, her tone soothing his raw nerves. "Is there any aching or sharp pains?"

"Not worth mentioning." James replies in an offhand manner and she immediately freezes with the scissors poised in the first set of sutures.

"If it's there at all it's worth mentioning." Somehow he made her angry but he doesn't know how to apologize so instead he simply answers her question, feeling as if his ma had just given him her disappointed face.

"The muscles jump and pinch." With a slight nod she deftly snips along the first row of stitching, switching out scissors for tweezers within seconds. As her mouth moves quietly with each piece of thread she tugs gently out of his skin, Bucky realizes that Anne's counting. By the time she has them all out she's also frowning so deeply that he has to deliberately suppress the urge to apologize again. This woman makes him feel like a green twit.

"One hundred and ninety." Anne says, folding the towel with the suture threads. "Don't move."

When she steps out of the room, Bucky looks across at Steve with a raised eyebrow. He  doesn't even need to ask the question on the tip of his tongue before the blond is pinching the bridge of his nose and shaking his head slightly.

"I swear, Buck, I didn't say nothing that would get that kind of reaction." Steve's accent comes out of his mouth in a pleading tone that James recognizes from all the times his friend has put his foot in it but is too clueless to figure out how.

"Gonna have to fix this, Stevie." James says sternly, seconds before Anne comes back into the room carrying a metal tin and some sort of heavy quilted item with velcro straps.

"The problem you're having," she begins, oblivious to the undercurrents between the two men, "is that the muscles are healing faster than your nerve endings and it's causing everything to tighten up."

Anne opens the tin and scoops up a slightly orange paste onto her fingertips. As she reaches toward his side, the sharp smell hit's his enhanced senses and without thinking he