stop!"

"What the hell was that (Y/N)?" he growled.

"We were just goofing off. We were waiting for you to get done with your set. He paid for me to fly out to see YOU because he said you've been a little down lately. Why are you so pissed?"

"Why do you think?! I walk in to find another guy on top of MY girlfriend!"

"Nothing happened!" I yell, getting upset.

"How was I supposed to know?" he yells back.

"You're supposed to trust me! I'm your girlfriend!"

"Exactly. You're mine." he growled, pulling me to him. "I think you need a little reminder of who you belong to." he whispered in my ear, biting it softly.

He led me to an empty dressing room and locked the door. He turned to me and his usually vibrant brown eyes we dark and clouded with lust. He walked over to me and turned me around so I was facing the mirror on the wall. I looked up and met his eyes in the reflection. "You're mine." he said, tilting my head and attacking my neck, sucking harshly. He pushed his hips up against me. "Do you see what you do to me? Do you feel how hard I am?" I moaned in response as he started to grind into me. He turned me around and pushed me to my knees. "Do you know how long I've waited to have your pretty lips wrapped around my cock? How many nights I've gotten off wishing it was you helping me? Why don't you make daddy happy and suck me off."

I reached up and palmed him through his jeans, earning a groan from him. I unbuttoned them and pulled them down, seeing that his erection was clearly straining through his tight black boxer briefs. I kissed his length before pulling his boxers down as well, causing him to hiss as he finally got some relief. I took his length in my hand, pumping a few times before licking a stripe on the underside from base to tip. I kissed the head of cock before taking as much of him as I could in my mouth.
"Oh fuck! Just like that baby girl." he moaned, grabbing the back of my neck. He pushed slightly, causing me to take more of him. I brought my left hand up to massage his balls as I pulled off of him to suck on the head.

"Do you like that daddy? Do you like when I suck your big cock?" I said, looking up at him. I licked the slit before taking his whole length back in my mouth and moaning around him, causing him to buck his hips.

"Oh god yes! You're such a good cockslut. Aren't you baby girl? Are you gonna be a good girl and make me cum?"

I looked up at him and hollowed my cheeks, bobbing my head up and down. He was watching my through hooded eyes.

"I'm so close babe." Ashton moaned. I pulled off of him and took a deep breath before deepthroating him. I looked up at him and swallowed around him. "OH FUCK!" he yelled, spilling his seed in my mouth. I pulled off of him and kept my mouth open so he could see his cum still on my tongue before swallowing. He groaned before pulling me to my feet. He kicked his shoes and pants the rest of the way off as he took his shirt off as well. "I think you are wearing too many clothes baby girl. Why don't you strip real sexy for daddy?"

I smirked and kissed him, pushing him back to the couch and making him sit down. I started swaying my hips as I slowly brought my shirt over my head, praising myself for wearing my black lace bra and panties that I knew drove Ashton crazy. I kicked my shoes off before turning away from him, pulling my shorts down. I bent over to take them off and made sure that Ashton had a perfect view off my ass. I turned back around to see him palming his already hardening cock, making me even more wet. I bit my lip as I reached behind me to unclip my bra. I tossed it towards Ashton and let my hands wander down my body. I slipped my hand into my panties and started rubbing my swollen clit.

"Oh daddy!" I moaned.

"Oh no!" Ashton said, jumping up and grabbing my hands. "You've been a bad girl. You don't get to touch yourself." I whimpered as he led me to the couch and laid me down. He slowly pulled my panties off and hovered over me. "I'm gonna fuck you so hard, you'll never forget that you're mine." he whispered before biting my neck, hard enough to leave a bruise. Effectively marking me as his. He grabbed his length and ran it up and down my core a few times, teasing me.

"Please Ash!