resigns himself and idly starts kicking at the door, half hoping it'll open on it's own; with it open, he'd have enough room to wriggle out, right? God he hopes so.

  But the door doesn't budge, and he realizes he should have made someone else open the door for him, but no one in their right minds would be out in the halls this far into first period. Stuck until the bell, then. He quickly calculates how long that'll be and the knowledge just makes him groan.

  His head clunks onto the wall behind him, poking at some graffiti from years past. His only hope would be Isaac, if he's in a good mood, but after the toaster debacle of last year, Stiles doubts Isaac will ever leave the house on April Fools. Really, who could blame him.

  Never let it be said that Stiles is unobservant (hyper aware, more like it), but he doesn’t even hear someone approaching until they sit with a thump against his hiding spot ten minutes later.

   He yelps and whacks his head against the top of the locker, which holy shit how can that hurt so much, punching the door in attempt to relocate the pain. And, okay, it’s not as bad as getting his foot stick in a bear trap, or getting shot, but wow is it close.

   Swearing loudly, Stiles wants to murder Scott. His best friend will not escape this week unscathed. He’ll find ice cubes in his socks, and sea monkeys in his milk, and mountain ash around Kira’s house—

   “Stiles?” Jackson’s voice asks in disbelief from the other side of the locker door.

   “Oh Jesus, Jackson, thank god,” he groans in relief, his revenge momentarily forgotten. “I’ve never been so glad to hear your voice. You think you can help me out, maybe?”

   “Stiles, what the hell.”

   “The combo’s 12-3-15.”

   “What are you even—”

   “Just open the door, Jesus Christ.”

   Jackson actually listens to him, and undoes the lock. And Stiles fucking knew if he just could have gotten the door open, he would have been fine, because he uses all his blundering grace to tumble to the floor as soon as he has the space to. Jackson’s foot cushions his head as he hits the tile, and he could not really care less that he’s now sprawled in the middle of a very dirty school hallway because freedom.

   Jackson is looking down at him with surprise, just standing there with Stiles’ head on his pretentious-ass shoe.

   “I take back every mean thing I have ever said to you, you are wonderful, you are beautiful.” Stiles sits up and hugs Jackson’s legs like a life raft, mashing his nose into Jackson’s thigh.

   Jackson is quiet for a moment, surprisingly not bitching him out, but then, “Stiles, who did this to you.”

   Stiles blinks and pulls back, looking up at him just in time to see his eyes flash blue. He scrambles to his feet. “Whoa, wait, dude, what.”

  “Who did this to you?” Jackson jerks his chin towards the locker, hands shoved deep enough in his pockets that Stiles can see they’re fists.

  He looks from Jackson to the locker, then back again, aghast because this is Jackson, who didn’t join Derek’s pack because he didn’t want to care about anybody else. Caring about him.

  Stiles isn’t even embarrassed when he gigglesnorts.

  “Stiles,” Jackson grits out.

  “You think that someone put me in there? No, dude, I’m just a stupendously uncoordinated genius with no impulse control; I got stuck.” It takes a moment for it to sink in, Jackson chuffing when he gets it. “Seriously though, very heroic, offering to chase down the big baddies to protect my fragile maidenhood.”

  Stiles earns himself the famous Whittemore bitchface. “I just can’t have assholes running around shoving my team into lockers.”

  “You do realize I don’t even play, right.”

  Jackson just rolls his eyes. But Stiles is giddy, and decides that perhaps Scott’s punishment can be lessened, since he was saved. Technically.

  Jackson watches him, expression unimpressed and constipated. As per usual. Seriously, he’d mellowed out a bit since London, but there are still times that remind Stiles he’d called him Jackass since fourth grade.

  “Do I want to ask why you were stick in...” Jackson looks at the contents of Stiles’ hiding spot. “McCall’s locker?”

  Stiles flaps his hand dismissively. “April Fools prank. Do I want to know why you’re ditching class to sit by ‘McCall’s locker’?” Stiles sees his jaw tense, which usually means bad news for him, most likely a shove against the nearest hard surface as Jackson bails from the scene.

  But Jackson shrugs, and Stiles doesn’t miss his quick