snorts. He starts shaking. Steve can hear when his mouth opens, so he wiggles loose, grinning. Bucky’s giggling so hard he’s hissing and wheezing, clutching his mouth with his right hand and his stomach with his left. After thirty seconds, he has to grab hold of Steve’s shoulder to hold himself up. Tears are streaming down his face.

"You fucker. You fucking punk. I swear to Christ, I’m gonna die," Bucky sobs, laughing until his whole face turns red. "Jesus fuck, Steve. You win. You fucking jerk. Oh my God." He wraps his arms around Steve’s waist and laughs into his neck, shaking all over. "You win forever. Mary help me. I’m telling Sam."

"You are not telling Sam!" Steve exclaims, and he can’t decide if he’s horrified or proud of himself. "You’re not telling Sam shit! Shut up!"

"You are," Bucky says, kissing him on the lips. "You’re precious. You’re beautiful. Oh, you ruthless little sack of shit." He still can’t stop laughing. Steve hasn’t seen him laugh this hard since he puked on the Cyclone. "Oh, God, baby, you’re ridiculous. Why would you say that? Why?"

"You beat me three times in a row," Steve huffs, and his mouth is twitching. "Three goddamn times, Buck. I wasn’t in my right head."

"You’ve ruined cannoli for me," Bucky giggles against his mouth. "I’m just going to think of rimming every time I see one, I can’t go into a bakery or an Italian place ever again. I’ll lose it."

"Good!" Steve says, yanking Bucky closer, biting his bottom lip. "You oughtta! I can’t even look at butchers anymore."

"Oh come on," Bucky’s still shaking all over. He nuzzles past Steve’s jaw and starts sucking frantic kisses into the side of Steve’s neck. "You’re still mad about Prague? If Sam had been fast enough to get out his phone that would have been the most viral video of all time."

"Captain America laughs himself sick over dipshit fellating a sausage?" Steve says, but he’s cracked and is laughing, too. "Oh yeah. That’d be the last thing left when the Internet died."

"You turned so pink. It was cute," Bucky reminds him, rolling his hips into Steve’s in that way that makes every inch of him want to be riding them, and Bucky knows that look real well. He hums his next laugh, picking up the lube from where he dropped it and then starting to ease Steve’s pants down. "Shit, we need to go faster before they let the civilians come back. Mm. Okay, it’s a tie. We’re both complete assholes. We deserve each other. Kiss me, you fool."

"My asshole ain’t feelin’ very complete right now," Steve grumbles, his chest shaking, and Bucky grins against his mouth before pinning him back to the wall again. "The Hell does Sam see in us?"

"His dick. Anyway, don’t think I forgot about your back," Bucky murmurs. "I’m serious, I’m tellin’ him everything you did today. You know how he feels about you letting shit close up with dirt and fibers in it."

Steve kisses him, and his uniform pants are down around his knees, and Bucky makes low, encouraging sounds into his mouth, curling Steve’s fingers around his cock before he puts his hand anywhere near Steve’s. Once he’s touched it, he times his strokes with Steve’s, and they pant into each others’ mouths until Steve’s dizzy, and Bucky flips him around.

"Spread those sweet cheeks for me, Cap," Bucky says, and Steve motions with his head that he’s rolling his eyes, but then Bucky’s got his cock slick and sliding up and down that spot, that damn spot where he had his hand before, and Steve has to bite his lips together to keep from moaning any louder than he wants to.

Bucky’s fingers inside him are just beyond cursory, enough to make sure he’s slick more than open, because Bucky would never push Steve more than Bucky was comfortable. Mission sex is the one time Steve wants something quick and with a burn instead of his usual slow, comfortable screw. He’s still high on adrenaline and Bucky’s still laughing when he starts to push inside him. Steve gives and stretches and groans Bucky’s name, louder than he usually dares when they’re outside. 

"Feel good, baby?" Bucky asks, resting his forehead against the nape of Steve’s neck. He’s only about a third of the way in, but Steve’s already starting to