him, their cocks grazing each other just barely enough to make a lasting effect though it was driving him completely mad. He leaned forward to press his lips against Louis' shoulder which was still masked with sweat, but the scent of him was still so sweet, so intoxicating and he buried his nose in the crook of his neck, smelled him as his fingers inched towards the crack between his arm, middle digit easing inside of him and the moan that came from Louis made a shiver roll down the length of his spine. It brought back more memories, his tongue pressed flush against that very hole, a taste that consumed him, a smell the made him dizzy with lust, and his cock hurting so bad pressed up against dress pants that he was dying to take off.

His index finger joined in and Louis' hands drowned in his hair, tugging the strands as he licked the length of his neck up to his ear, biting on the lobe, growling softly, rolling his hips. "It's not nice to tease."

"Never said I was nice."

Louis chuckled lightly, nibbling along Harry's jawline in between words. "Last night you promised to be a good boy.."

"That was last night. It's morning now and I think it's your turn to be a good boy."

"Mm, sorry. No can do. I'm much better at being a bad boy."

"I can work with that." Harry smirked and let his fingers slip out of Louis, basking in the small whine that the man gave him before pushing him to the side and standing to exit the bathtub. He grabbed two plush towels from the shelf, wrapped one around his waist and turned to toss the other at Louis once he'd followed his movement and began to walk out of the bathroom, back towards the sinful bed. He removed the towel and dried off again as another memory resurfaced, one of them barely making it to the bed, falling on the plush carpet and making out like two dogs in heat while tearing each other's clothes off. Harry dropped the towel on the floor then reached for one of the two ties on the headboard, letting the silky material soothe out in his hand then wrapping it around Louis' neck and tugging him towards the row of windows covering the far wall of the hotel room. 

Harry pushed Louis against the clean window, twisting the tie so that it was resting along his back and damn near crumbled to his already raw knees when he saw how it curved over the dip in his small back. He went to the bed and quickly searched, praising the Lord when he found the bottle of lube and an unused condom, returning to the awaiting man who'd resulting to rutting his dick against the window. "Someone's impatient."

"Always have been."

"If you come before I allow you to, we're going to be problems, Mr. Louis."

"Then get on with it and fuck me, Mr. Harry."

"In due time.." Harry smirked and popped open the lube bottle cap with his teeth, pouring a small amount of liquid onto his fingers before reaching down to slide two into Louis easily. The man gripped at the window, groaning lightly as he lifted himself onto his tiptoes before finding his rhythm, rolling back against the digits inside him. Harry remembered how pretty Louis moaned last night as he rode him and his cock stirred, throbbed, wanting nothing more than to make the man's face twist in the very pleasured expression that was now taunting his mind. He placed a kiss against his shoulder, trailing up to his neck, sucking on the sweet skin there as Louis leaned his head back against him, moaning softly into the air, clenching his walls around the fingers inside of him, begging for more.

A few seconds later, Harry pulled away and grabbed the tie wrapped around Louis' neck, leading him towards that sinful bed, guiding him onto his knees as he reached for the twin tie still hanging from the headboard. He wrapped that one around Louis' wrists tightly, enough to bound him so he couldn't easily break free, though making sure it didn't hurt him. Though the man didn't seem to mind if it did or not at the moment whether a little pain came with the final result. Once tied up, Harry pushed him down against the bed and littered butterfly kisses down his spine, over his hands, and down to his perfectly round ass, biting into the thick flesh where a tattoo inked his skin. It made Harry smile because, of fucking course, he'd pick the prettiest bastard up who turned out to be a tattooed bottom down for whatever with a stranger he'd met that very night. Harry retraced his steps last night as fingers spread Louis' ass cheeks, groaning at the site of his hole, pulsing and slicked up, ready to be ravished, taken, fucked. He placed the tip of his tongue along the rim and tasted the other man with kitten licks, enjoying the way he whined and squirmed against the bed.