advantage of this situation, he added, "I would like to thank him for all the work he's done. None of this would be possible without his technology, right?"

Pegasus's eyes seemed to harden for a moment, and Otogi could tell that he was unhappy with the thought that his game wouldn't be as easily accessible without another company – or another person's – genius. But this expression was very quickly overcome by one of his whimsical smiles, and Otogi knew to avoid the subject for the rest of the night.

"I'm afraid not, Ryuuji. He's… met with unfortunate circumstances that have kept him from this event tonight. But several of his associates are in attendance. In fact, we've been discussing the possibility of a small business merger between us. It would be fantastic, no, KaibaCorp and Industrial Illusions to own a project together?"

"Of course," Otogi answered, because he knew it was the right answer. At the moment, however, he was more concerned about his own business venture with Pegasus, not anyone else's.

The dinner seemed to go well enough, with Otogi easily capturing the attention of the women in attendance. This was much to the chagrin of the bigwigs that were at the party, both that a younger male was around to contend with them and the fact that, despite Otogi not being nearly as wealthy as them, he was able to actually command their affections.

Money can't buy everything, Otogi thought to himself. Despite this, there were quite a few things he needed money to acquire himself. But he would stick to his talents, as they had benefitted him so far.

Pegasus stuck within eyesight of him, and navigated the banquet grounds much better than Otogi could have hoped for. He began conversations simply by standing near a small group of people, and ended them by excusing himself. Though he had natural talent for dealing with people, Otogi reasoned with himself that there were certain skills that money didn't necessarily buy, but provided with its acquisition.

The mingling lasted nearly an hour, in which nearly no one bothered to ask about Dungeon Dice Monsters. Pegasus spearheaded a few conversations and was nice enough to pull Otogi into them, often deferring to him for information on the product and strategy involved. It was a nice in for Otogi to showcase his knowledge of the game and how he expected to sell it, and many of the men and women he spoke to seemed to be impressed by his level of research and forethought. Finally, some of his business model intel was going to use, and it was having the effect that he wanted.

Had this been Pegasus's plan all along, to save the information for this?

"I know how to pick them, don't I?" he boasted to nearly everyone Otogi spoke to, sending him a small wink each time.

At the actual banquet there was a lot of talk about Duelist Kingdom and everyone who had contributed to it, construction, technology or otherwise. There was a review of the island's locations, where it was revealed that the island was a gigantic set of terrains meant for dueling, with very real locations that reflected stat boosts for certain types of Duel Monsters. It was an ingenious plan for a tournament, where the contestants would have to survive while dueling others. The starchip system allowed for possible redemption, or even for an underdog to barter his way to the top with wisely picked duels. The terrain allowed for hiding from powerful opponents and ambushing weaker ones, including an underground maze.

Everyone applauded the plans, Otogi along with them. He hadn't thought Duelist Kingdom would be anything other than your average dueling tourney, albeit an expensive one that made its contestants feel as if they were on vacation. This would be grueling, and would challenge even those who felt as though they were the best of the best. Dueling skill was nothing to surviving and traveling, matching and re-matching players who had time to reflect on their strategies and reformulate their plans of attack.

It would be a perfect tool for leading in his game.

Pegasus accepted recognition modestly, but Otogi knew that he was fit to bursting with pride on the inside. Or, at least, he would be if he felt anything about his creation as Otogi did about his own.

It was difficult to get Pegasus alone after the presentation. Even though the two of them (plus Mister Croquet) were the only ones at their table, their meals were continually interrupted; by those who were attempting to pitch new ideas, call on favors and otherwise persuade Pegasus to acquiesce to their wishes in the wake of what would be an obvious success with Duelist Kingdom. Even the women that had so obsessively sought out Otogi's attention earlier suddenly forgot that he existed as they batted their eyelashes and put on their best face for persuasion. To that end, the CEO did a good job of using his obligation to Otogi as a reason for not being able to cement any plans until a bit later, after the Dungeon Dice Monsters launched. This was not an answer that any