"Yes, I noticed that. It's getting to be a habit. You shouldn't rely so much on me, you know. Eventually you're going to need to stand on your own two feet, Major."

John couldn't help but laugh, even though it hurt like hell when he did. "I'll keep that in mind," he said.



~ * ~ * ~

Tepidarium
The first of three bathing rooms, the tepidarium contains a lukewarm bathing pool.



~

The service had been simple, with Weir and McKay each standing to say a few heartfelt words about the men and women killed by the nanovirus, and John couldn't help thinking how glad he was that none of the military personnel had died this time; he'd be happy if he could live out his life without ever giving another eulogy.

He'd come close, though—too close—to being up at the front of the room today, struggling for something to say, with all those eyes staring at him, knowing that all those people were relying on him to keep them safe. It was a responsibility he never asked for, a millstone around his neck. He took another drink, hissing as the burn slid down his throat; they really needed to get some better booze.

Or maybe just have fewer memorial services.

The sight of Dr. Zelenka, hovering at one side of the room and surrounded by his fellow scientists, pushed John out of his reverie, reminding him that the situation was so far from being all about him that he really wasn't in the picture at all. On the opposite side of the room, Ford was clutching a mug of the Athosian rotgut and looking well on his way to falling-down drunk.

Before he'd taken more than a few steps in that direction, though, two marines had closed in on Ford as smooth and synchronized as if they were running a combat simulation. John kept moving, not sure whether he should be worried or reassured at their actions.

"Hey, El Tee." Stackhouse distracted Ford from the left while Markham slipped the drink out of his right hand and set it on the low table behind them.

Markham said, "Let's get you back to your quarters, sir." He pulled Ford's arm over his shoulder and slipped his own arm around Ford's waist, Stackhouse mirroring him on the other side. As they started toward the door, an unresisting Ford between them, Markham looked up and his gaze met John's, a glint of protectiveness showing through. John just nodded, glad to see that Zelenka wasn't the only one who had people watching his back.

Reassured that Ford would be well taken care of, John went back to looking around the room. He took another drink, then hissed again because somehow he'd forgotten in the last five minutes just how bad it was.

"I thought about getting completely trashed," McKay said from where he'd suddenly appeared at John's elbow, and maybe it was time for John to put down his own mug because he hadn't even noticed McKay's approach. "But I decided that it would kill far too many of my incredibly valuable brain cells."

What the hell, John thought, tossing back the last of his drink. "So you're a teetotaler for the sake of the expedition?" he said, letting a teasing note creep into his voice. "I wouldn't have pegged you as being that selfless, Dr. McKay. What's next, a vow of chastity for the sake of the concentration of the women of Atlantis?"

McKay snorted. "It looks like Lieutenant Ford isn't the only one who's been overindulging tonight. I think it's probably bedtime for you, too, Major. Come on," he said, grabbing John's elbow and steering him toward the door, and it was on the tip of John's tongue to say something lighthearted, something flirty back, but McKay's expression made him stop.

"Yeah, okay," he said instead. "I can make it on my own. I'm not that impaired."

A long, measuring look later and McKay let go of his arm, leaving John feeling oddly bereft. "If you say so," McKay said, shaking his head. "Don't blame me if you end up dancing naked in the hydroponics lab, though."

John fought back what would absolutely not have been a giggle and held up three fingers. "Scout's honor. I'll be fine."

"You? Were never a Boy Scout," McKay muttered just loud enough for John to hear—intentionally, John was sure—as he turned and headed toward his own room, leaving John alone in the corridor.

He really wasn't that drunk, just feeling warm and companionable and more relaxed than he had in several days. He made it back to his quarters without incident, yawning as the door closed behind him. Leaving his clothes in a pile on the floor and his comm on the