liar. "I mean, needing someone to shield you from what's under the bed, in the closet. That is so not for me. I don't want that." Aching. His brain and heart were suddenly welded together with an aching bead of longing and that longing hurt. "It sounds like a mommy thing." He held up a quick, warning hand.  "I'm not trying to piss you off, Sam, just trying to feel this thing out. And you're still looking for that?"

"I don't know. I don't know much of anything anymore, Dean. It was good. I could forget. Hell, I did forget, for years, like she was some kind of protective amulet....I felt safe. And yeah, I can see how you might think it was a mommy thing. Maybe I need a mother. Maybe we both need a mother, Dean."

He shook his head, looking over Sam's shoulder, into the shadows of a small copse of trees far in the distance. Glancing back to where the Impala was parked on the edge of the asphalt. "Yeah? You don't feel safe now."

"No, Dean. I don't feel safe. I don't feel whole. I feel torn open, gutted, laid out. All the edges are sharp and hard and everything wants to cut me, or you. Cut you. I've pretty much given up on finding Dad and I don't think finding him is going to change things anyway."

"Not going to make anything soft, that much is true."

Sam laughed and it was so hollow a sound, Dean could hear the echoes of something else inside it. "I know that. God damn, I know that. But I would like to stop feeling as though someone has handed me a live grenade with the pin pulled and I've got to hold onto it or else...I wanted to believe that Dad would know how to deal with that. That feeling. I can't shake it, Dean."

Another silence turned. Seconds becoming minutes.

"Can we get outta here, Sammy? Find a hotel and crash? I need a beer or six."

Sam climbed to his feet, brushing at his jeans, heading towards the car. Dean fell into step beside him, at his shoulder. His hands trembled to reach out, the muscles in his arms and shoulders tremored towards embracing. He turned his face away and told himself he was watching the shadowed edges of the park for anything that could threaten his brother.

~***~

He could fix broken things, mechanical things, things made of metal, but this broken Sam was so unfamiliar, so horrifying. He had no tools, no manual, no direction. It was the experience of seeing, feeling, a wild animal pulled under the wheels of the Impala, doubling back and finding it struggling in its own blood and bile, crawling out of its skin, away from its shattered bones. Eyes rolling, voice silenced. Pain, pain, death, creeping ugly brokenness. Wanting to toe it off the hot road and onto the cool shoulder, wanting to run away, wanting to sit on the edge of the pavement and cradle the creature for its last few moments. Wanting and wanting. But instead, bending low, pressing the muzzle of the 9mm against the skull, not imagining the animal's eyes closing in gratitude but really seeing them close in gratitude. Squeezing the trigger, saying I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry.

He was seated in the uncomfortable motel chair, sucking back beers, playing mental games in which the reward was glancing over to watch Sam sleep. Waiting for his inevitable descent into the place of nightmares, tonight was going to be different, tonight he was going to wade into the maelstrom of his brother's dreams and wrestle with all the demons that dared torment him.

He finished the four beers and wished he had bought a case. He got up and retrieved the bottle Sam had been nursing before setting it on the bedside table and lying down. Half full, he tipped it up and swallowed it down. Then he sat on the edge of his own bed, watching Sam sleep, waiting.

It took an hour for the nightmare to find Sam, Dean watched it happen. Hands twitching into fists, curling into his chest, knees pulled up, a foetal helplessness. His face contorting in pain, lips mortising, eyes rolling behind their thin lids. And then the low moan and Dean was up on his feet, moving quickly towards the other bed, down on his knees beside Sam's face, reaching out, gentling him to wakefulness. Calling his name in a low-pitched whisper.

"Sam, Sammy, Sam, wake up, wake up, come on. It's okay. It's okay. I'm here. Right here."

He watched as Sam pulled himself to wakefulness with a groan, a shudder. "Dean?" His eyes opened slowly, gaze fixing and