like this?” He grinned down to Sam. “We were staying in some cabin and Dad was away, and you were what, sixteen?”

The wind had almost been knocked out of Sam and he felt slightly annoyed at the soil for dusting his hair, but he remembered what Dean was talking about. Oh, he remembered it clearly. 

“Yeah.”

He rolled them this time, hearing Dean gasp in surprise as the smirk was wiped off his face and he was beneath Sam now, their legs tangled and his not-so-little brother weighing down on him, just short of crushing him. God, had Sammy grown since then.

“I remember you holding me down just like this,” Sam breathed, finding Dean’s wrists and placing them up above his head on the ground. “I was much smaller back then that I could barely move under you, and I knew you loved it.”

Dean’s breath hitched at the memory, his eyes going wide as they stared back into Sam’s creasing ones. As if he needed proof, he flexed his hands and tried to squirm under him, which didn’t work much. Sam’s body was too strong, too encompassing. Dean was no small man himself, but this kind of moments often made him feel tiny.

He tried not to whimper, not so soon.

“That’s right,” Sam emphasized by pushing into him a bit more, their abdomens pressed tightly together, forcing a thin gasp out of Dean. “That’s how it felt. Dad, or anyone, or anything could pass by, but you wouldn’t let me go.”
“S-Sam…”

He leaned down, his hot breath tickling Dean’s ear with every tantalizing word. “You just told me to be quiet when I asked you to touch me, to kiss me, to do something, please, big brother, and you were looking so smug when you started to just, thrust, a little.” 

And he did; slowly rutting down on Dean once, the hard-on under his jeans pressing against his brother’s, similarly trapped under denim. 

Dean couldn’t hold back that whimper anymore.

“Yeah,” Sam’s lips brushed his jaw as he kept whispering, “I was already so hard for you, just by your weight, but you were such a jerk weren’t you, you wouldn’t get our clothes outta the way, wouldn’t touch me the way I needed so much…”

Dean was never going to own the low whine he made in his throat as Sam nipped at the tender skin behind his ear, his clothed hips thrusting deep into Dean’s, yet not keeping up from the agonizing pace. He could feel his own cock damping his boxers like a teenager- fuck he hadn’t been this horny in a while, for they’d been running from one case to another with barely time to release some tension.

Now that they had the chance, Sam had decided to take revenge for that autumn an era ago. 

“B-Bitch, come on,” Dean whined, though his voice lacked authority, or dignity. “It was years ago… Sammy please, just…”

“Just what?” Sam asked into his mouth, interlacing their fingers as he continued his frottage. “Just take off your clothes, right here? Touch your cock, maybe suck you off?” He gave a slow lick to Dean’s upper lip, making him shut his eyes and arch his neck delightfully. “Or maybe even fuck you, right here in the woods in daylight? Like animals? That you want, Dean?”

Goosebumps broke all over Dean’s skin and he arched up into Sam as much as he could, with a soft moan that banished the masculine gravel in his voice. Yeah I want that, god I need that Sammy, need you here, right here, please, it’s been so long… 

For all his show, he was never able express his desires so unashamedly in these moments, and he was supposed to be the bad boy. His lips moved, letting out a sound that might have been brother, lost in an exhale. 

Something glinted in Sam’s eyes, a speck of softness from his usual self, and for a moment he was merciful enough to kiss Dean- that was anything but soft; just repressed, aggressive passion, a tongue invading Dean’s mouth, lips that wished to suck his soul out. Dean hummed in relief, but it wouldn’t last long.

“I know, big brother,” Sam whispered into his mouth. “But I’m not gonna give it to you now. I’ll just,” he thrusted, making Dean choke on a gasp, “do this,” and he thrusted, quicker, “until you come in your pants like a fucking teenager.”

Dean whined under him long and low, his shame out of the window by this point- gripping Sam’s fingers tightly back, he started to grind back up into his brother as much as he could, meeting him