Cas mentioned, studies showed that music stimulated a child's brain and the dancing would help with gross motor development. He told them they would meet Wednesdays at 4:00 pm (which Cas knew there wasn't another group at that time). He said all the information was included in the inside cover of his autographed CD. Cas repeated this speech at the attachment parenting group and baby dance class. 

They both were exhausted when they got home and they just wanted to hold their baby and kiss her and not think about baby play group's for at least an hour. Cas went and got Claire from Julie. They sat in the living room with her on the floor. They took turns having her walk from one of them to the other. Claire had just recently taken her first step's. They were still really excited by it. So it was a great joy for both Cas and Dean to have her walk from one of their arm's into the other's without falling. It was like five whole steps. They were so proud.  Every time she would reach one of them they would swoop her up and kiss her face and tell her how proud they were and how she was such a big girl. Claire would laugh and giggle and they would repeat the cycle.


~ Tuesday ~


Cas and Dean did the exact same thing only with the opposite play group's. This was a bit harder as they had pissed off a good amount of people in those groups. But they were going to do this for Claire. Come hell or high water Claire would have her play group's back. They did get some positive responses. Turn's out their were a few mom's and dad's who felt the same way Dean and Cas did about the individual's who they had a problem with. So the day wasn't a total loss. 

They came home and took Claire to the Zoo. Claire laughed and kicked her feet at all the animals. She puckered out her lips at the chimpanzee's. She roared back at the lion. Cas laughed "That's my girl, not afraid of anything" He said proudly

She giggled when the alligator snapped its jaws. She hugged tightly to Dean and said "awe" when she saw the panda's. She wasn't a fan of the snake's but Dean thought it was more the stuffy environment then the snake's themselves. Before they left they bought her a stuffed panda bear. She snuggled it tightly to her chest. Cas and Dean decided it was a good day. They just hoped they would get people showing up tomorrow for Claire's play group.


~ Wednesday ~


Dean went into work to make sure everything wasn't falling apart while he was away. He trusted uncle Bobby to hold down the fort but he also had major control issue's that wouldn't allow him to stay away from the office too long. Cas got up early. He pushed back the couch in the living room as far as it would go and moved the coffee table into the den. He already had Dean help him bring the piano in last night so he just had to arrange it against the back wall.He went out and bought a bright colorful rug that would cover the whole floor. He also bought a bunch of brightly colored bean bag chairs for everyone to sit on (if anyone showed up) The last thing he bought were some small easy to use instruments. He bought castanet's, maraka's, some tamborine's, and a few little drums. He set everything up and was proud of himself. It looked like a play group, minus the parent's and kids. Clair was dressed in little jeans and a black onesie that said "my daddy rocks... me to sleep" Cas chose to wear just jeans and a blue t-shirt. 

At 4:10 Cas started to worry. Maybe no one would come. He had failed as a Daddy. He ruined Claire's chances at having normal kid interaction's because he couldn't control his temper. At 4:15 the doorbell rang. Cas sighed in relief and went to answer it. There was a line of mommy's. The first mommy was holding a little boy in her arms she explained "Hi. Sorry we're late. There was an accident right at the front of your culdesack and they weren't letting anyone through."

Cas smiled widely "Oh, that's okay. Please come in. Just head to your left. I'll grab some refreshment's. I have gram cracker's and apple juice for the little one's and iced tea and veggie platter for the grown up's"

One of the mommy's commented "Sound's divine, I'm starving and most of these group's forget there's a parent attached to the baby" She laughed.

Cas laughed back and headed into the kitchen. In his head he thought "Yes! Score one for team daddy!"

***

The play group went