shared a silent look. Whatever they had planned for America, they would wait until he wasn't holding a small child in his lap.

"Oh my, look at the time. It's getting a bit late, eh?" Canada said, glancing at the door meaningfully.

"This isn't over," Scotland warned America as the UK brothers took their leave. "See you at the meeting tomorrow."

"The truth is rarely pure and never simple." – Oscar Wilde

The next morning at 8am sharp, America walked into the conference room with his head held high and Rosemary strapped to his chest. England would have been proud of him for arriving on time, except that England wasn't in attendance. Scotland was serving as the representative of the United Kingdom at this conference. The official explanation was that Scotland wanted more say in international politics, and England had finally relented after his near attempt to leave the union, but everyone knew the real reason.

The eyes of the world followed America as he took his seat while confused murmuring filled the room. Oblivious as usual, he ignored the other nations and made sure that Rosemary was settled comfortably on his lap.

"Ähm," Germany quieted the other nations by standing up and loudly clear his throat. He wasn't the host, but at this point all of the nations expected him to take control anyway, especially since Canada had been trying (and failing) to get everyone's attention for the past ten minutes. "Amerika, you are not allowed to bring non-nations to World Meetings," he remarked.

"Hey, it's cool. Canada said he didn't mind. Right, bro?"

"Eh?" Canada looked embarrassed at all of the attention. "No..."

"Be that as it may, it is forbidden," Germany insisted.

"So why does Canada get to bring Kumajiro?" America demanded.

"Who?" Germany asked.

"Who?" Canada echoed.

"Me!" The polar bear reminded him.

"Oh, let him stay," Austria huffed. "It's not as if a toddler could possibly be more disruptive than America himself."

"That's right!" America grinned. He got the sense that Austria said it more to annoy Germany than to help him, but he flashed a smile at the other nation anyway. Germany glanced at the clock and sighed, deciding that starting on time was more important than making a fuss over the child in America's lap. He steadfastly ignored America for the rest of his presentation on the strength of various currencies, even though the other nations continued to watch the young nation and whisper amongst themselves.

Rosemary began yawning during a presentation on agricultural tariffs, and America spent his time watching her sleep peacefully instead of randomly interrupting the way he usually did when bored. She was so cute, it was like watching an internet video of a sleepy kitten! The meeting progressed through the agenda quickly, and Germany actually looked pleased for once.

Once Spain began animatedly discussing some change in the EU Entry Price System for tomatoes, Rosemary's eyes fluttered open. She glanced around the room, yawned, and gave America a pleading look. "Daddy, I'm bored. Can we go soon?"

"Sorry, sweetie. Just fifteen more minutes 'til lunch. Think you can handle that?"

"Yeah." She nodded with her mouth set in a determined line. "I'm a big kid!"

The nations closest to them sat up a little straighter when they heard her English accent and America could see the uncertainty flicker in their eyes. He grinned to himself. England had painted him as a liar, but he wasn't! At least, not as much of a liar as England claimed.

When it came time for lunch, America wasn't surprised to see Sweden and Finland make their way to his side, pushing their way through the curious onlookers. Nothing could make a crowd move quite as quickly as Sweden's frightening gaze. The promise of a "free lunch" was more than enough to earn America's cooperation. He dragged Canada along too, just barely remembering that he had already promised to have lunch with his brother.

At the nice Nordic cafe, Rosemary and Canada happily munched on Swedish pancakes with lingonberry jam, while America explained the secret to his 'pregnancy.'

"... so I found a micronation that already existed and gave them some land. You two share a border, right? I bet someone has come up with something."

Finland nodded thoughtfully. It was hard to read Sweden's expression, but he didn't look angry, so America counted that as a victory. Mostly he was just grateful that they were both too reserved to ask why England thought the pregnancy was a lie. He could see Canada giving him a look, and he knew that he'd be getting an earful from his twin later.

"Pancakes are the best!" Rosemary said cheerfully as she cleaned off her plate.

Canada smiled fondly and ruffled her hair. "I think she takes after me."

"She better not share your addiction to poutine,"