has no objections to that whatsoever.

“I want you to fuck me so hard I won’t be able to walk straight tomorrow.”

Joonmyun hears Baekhyun groan quietly into his pillow and he mentally pats himself on the back. As much as Baekhyun tries to be goofy, he’s practically an open book. A complex one, but an open one nonetheless.

“Anything for you, hyung,” Baekhyun says as he moves around in his bed. The sound of blankets rustling is loud in Joonmyun’s ear. He hopes that Heechan doesn’t wake up any time soon. There’s as much nervousness in the pit of his stomach as there is arousal.

“I think that this happens mostly for your pleasure alone,” Joonmyun jokes, smile evident in his voice and he hears Baekhyun huff.

“Take off your pants and stop lying. You enjoy this just as much as I do.”

Joonmyun snorts but does what he’s told and slips his pants and boxers down to mid-thigh. He pushes up his shirt to under his armpits and lets his hands roam along his torso as he listens to Baekhyun’s steady breathing in his ear. He won’t be able to finger himself this time, which sort of sucks because he wants to experience what Baekhyun is experiencing in his mind, but it’ll suffice for now. When he gets home, Joonmyun plans on presenting his ass on a platter for Baekhyun to have as he pleases.

“I love fucking you, Joonmyun. Did you know that?” Baekhyun sighs out and a shiver runs through Joonmyun’s body. He hums softly, and scrapes his dull nails over his stomach and chest slowly. “You’re so good for me… So tight and pretty.”

Joonmyun’s cheeks flush at Baekhyun’s words, involuntarily, and his stomach clenches slightly. His body is so in tune to every word Baekhyun says, all of the dirty things he says makes Joonmyun’s body react by itself.

“Wanna feel you inside me, Baekhyun,” Joonmyun whispers as he tilts his head back, pushing it into the pillows. Heechan is still snoring away on the other side of the room, oblivious to what is happening under Joonmyun’s covers. “You always fuck me so good.”

“Can you feel my hands on you?” Baekhyun asks, and as soon as it registers in Joonmyun’s mind, it’s almost like he can feel Baekhyun’s fingers dancing across his skin. Gripping onto his arms, his tongue licking up the column of his neck. He is everywhere, overwhelming Joonmyun in the best way.

Joonmyun breathes out a ‘yes’ as his pants slip past his knees and his legs fall open, begging for Baekhyun to be between them. His cock is slowly hardening on his lower stomach, filling and begging for attention.

“Feel my hands on your cock,” Baekhyun moans softly, and a spike of pleasure shoots up from Joonmyun’s groin and tickles his scalp. “Feel me taking you into my mouth, and swallowing around you.”

“Fuck.” Joonmyun feels like the wind was knocked out his lungs, and his toes curl into the sheets. His cock twitches against his torso, almost fully hard just at the sound of Baekhyun’s voice. “Fuck it’s so good, Baekhyunnie.”

Joonmyun brings his fingers up to his mouth and gathers spit in them before reaching behind himself and pressing his middle finger against his hole, prodding gently and whimpering softly. He wants Baekhyun inside of him more than anything right now.

Joonmyun hears the slick of Baekhyun’s hand on his cock and wishes it was his own. He lets out a stuttering breath, waiting for Baekhyun to say something more. Waiting to be fucked. His hips roll up, into nothing, begging for a touch, for anything.

“Joonmyun. Joonmyun, fuck, you’re so good,” Baekhyun moans loudly into his ear and Joonmyun bites down hard on his bottom lip, holding back a moan that would surely wake Heechan. “You’re touching yourself, right?”

“Yes, yes,” Joonmyun says in a rush, his free hand moving between his thighs to grip his cock and stroke himself slowly. He lets out a whine as he moves his hand slowly, savoring the feeling. It’s all so sensitive.

“God, I wish I could see you right now, see your face as you get yourself off,” Baekhyun says into Joonmyun’s ear, making Joonmyun shudder and squeeze his cock gently. “Wish I was fucking you into your bed, making you beg for more.”

“Fuck, I want more, please I need more,” Joonmyun begs, not just because Baekhyun wants him to, but because he does need more. He needs to feel full and he can’t, he needs Baekhyun here and he can’t. He needs so much.

Joonmyun rolls his hips up into his fist, gasping softly and muttering Baekhyun’s name. He’s dumbly close already, but he just feels so desperate for release. He whines into the pillow, a little louder