two paper plates and dropping the sandwiches on them with burning fingers. “You’re annoying me now.”

“You can’t live like this,” Ruby frowned, taking her plate. “It’s unhealthy.”

“Whatever,” she shrugged, ripping off her crust. “Now, stop nagging me about the boxes and tell me about your new boyfriend.”

“Graham?” Ruby raised her eyebrows, snorting. “Forget that, it’s over.”

“Already?” Emma said, looking at her sympathetically. “Why, what happened?”

“He’s  gay.”

“Oh.”

“Yeah.”

“That sucks,” Emma frowned, wiping her hands on her napkin. “How’d you find out?”

“Well, I saw him in the park the other day….”

“Yeah?”

Ruby smiled humorlessly. “He and his boyfriend seemed very happy together.”

Emma winced. “Ouch.”

“So, how’s that for pathetic?” Ruby pushed away her plate, slumping miserably. “Not only is he gay—he’s also cheating on me.”

Emma opened her mouth to respond, but was interrupted by a knock at her door. “Hang on,” she said, tossing her napkin down. “Let me get that real quick.”

The knocking became more insistent as she tried to make her way through the box jungle, turning sideways and lifting her feet ridiculously high to navigate through them. “I’m coming!” she called, sidestepping the last few piles. She turned the handle, pulling the door open. 

“Yeah?” she said, raising her eyebrows at the dark-haired man standing on her doorstep. 

“Yeah, hi, I’m your neighbor from—“ he jutted his thumb behind him—“across the hall?”

“Uh… okay. Hi.” She shook his hand, smiling strangely at him. “I’m Emma.”

“Neal,” he said, smiling back.

“Okay.” Emma folded her arms, leaning against the doorway. “How can I help you, Neal?”

“I was wondering if I could use your phone? I—“ He scratched the side of his head, smiling in an embarrassed sort of way. “I kinda locked myself out, and I need to call my buddy to ask him for the spare.”

“Uh…” Emma glanced over her shoulder at Ruby, who was frowning and shifting in her seat to see who was at the door. “Yeah, that’s fine.” She stepped back, holding the door open a little wider. “Come in.”

“Thanks.” Neal followed her inside, looking around curiously as Emma ducked around boxes to fetch her phone. “Lots of boxes,” he remarked. “You just move in?”

“Yeah, last week.”

“Last week? Really?” Neal frowned, nudging one of the boxes with his shoe. “They’re all still sealed.”

“She’s got a box phobia,” Ruby said from the counter.

“It’s not a phobia.”

“Box. Phobia.” Ruby twisted around on the counter, smiling dryly at Neal. “I’m Ruby.”

“Neal,” he nodded. “How you doing?”

“Concerned. My best friend’s got a box phobia.”

“It’s not a phobia!” Emma exclaimed. “It’s a box apprehension, okay?”

“Box apprehension?” Neal repeated, raising his eyebrows. “Did you just make that up?”

“No, she actually made it up about ten minutes ago,” Ruby said, ignoring Emma’s exasperated groan. “It’s how she avoids unpacking, by giving herself made up mental disorders.”

“No offense, but that kinda sounds like a mental disorder unto itself,” Neal said, taking the proffered phone from Emma. “Thanks.”

“No problem,” she said, watching him as he punched in a number and put the phone to his ear. He blew out a breath, looking up at the ceiling as he waited for someone to pick up. “Robin? Hey, it’s me…”

He wandered away to the window, holding a hand to his ear as he talked into the phone. Emma followed him with her eyes, leaning back against the counter next to Ruby.

“He’s hot,” Ruby said in her ear, smiling widely. 

“You think?” Emma tilted her head, considering: he was good-looking, in a lazy sort of way. That hoodie definitely looked like it had seen better days, and Neal had an air about him that said, I can’t be bothered to stay fully awake around you. But he had an easy smile, and was possibly the first person she’d met who made the phrase “twinkling eyes” seem like an actual thing. 

“You get dibs, ‘cause he’s your neighbor, I guess,” Ruby sighed. “But ask him if he has a sexy brother or something, okay?”

“Ruby…” Emma closed her eyes exhaustedly. “I have to live across the hall from this guy. Do you honestly think I’m