say you have to lie down.” There’s actual concern in John’s voice as he feels Sherlock’s burning forehead.

“I’m fine,” Sherlock rasps. He knocks over the beaker he’s holding, and part of the table catches on fire.

“Well, would you look at that—it worked,” Sherlock mumbles quietly.

John, who had grown rather blase to these incidents, grabs a fire extinguisher and kills the fire easily. He’s had experience.

He glares, but it softens as Sherlock bursts into another paroxysm of coughing. “Can you let go of your pride this one time? I got sick. Hell, I let you tuck me in!"

“You’re going to rest, whether you like it or not. Would you like me to pick you up?” John has on a rather scary smile, because he's literally not joking, and he knows Sherlock knows it, too.

Sherlock lets out a wheeze and gives John a long, hard look.

“... Fine.”

-+-+-+-

“What?” John shouts into the general direction of where Sherlock was lying, a smoking test tube in his hand.

Sherlock didn’t even need to come out of his room to see what John was doing—he had apparently installed several security cameras around the flat, and could access them on his phone. John wasn’t even surprised by now.

 “I said,” Sherlock replies, not bothering to conceal his impatience. “Mix it with some Oxymetazoline.”

“I,  the what?” 

“The adrenergic—”

“Stop using fancy words!” John gasps out as the mixture starts to froth.

“Oh, for God’s sake,” Sherlock mutters. “Have it your way.”

The next time he speaks, John almost drops the beaker.

This sickly sweet voice floats out in a croon. “Okay, Johnny boy,” he says sweetly,  “see that… that  thing  you’re holding in your left hand? Yeah, the one that’s  smoking?”  Sherlock loses his falsetto for a second, but gets it back again, and continues in his mock voice. “Would you please reach over to your left and grab the rectangular shaped container right next to that other hollow cylinder—” his putrid voice cuts off, and in comes his real one—“Let go of that!” 

John throws his head back with confusion and panic. “What?”

Sherlock groans loudly. “Are you trying to give me amnesia? Put it back right now! No, no,  upright!” 

“OK, screw this.”

John, much to Sherlock’s aghast protest, pours all of the liquid into the sink. There’s a loud hissing noise as the metal is immediately worn away. Oops.

“Glad I didn’t drink that,” Sherlock yells.

John throws the smoking beaker in the sink and dashes over to Sherlock’s room.

“Sherlock Holmes,” he hisses, staring into his bewildered eyes, “I’m going to Shoppers, I don’t care what you’re going to say, but I’m never going into that lab again.”

And with that, he walks out, leaving a gaping-mouthed Sherlock behind him.

Once outside, John lets out a huge sigh and looks up at the gray sky.

If this was going to happen each time one of them got sick, John’ll have to go back into therapy.

Originally a oneshot.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


John spits out his tea.




“What

—you—

what in the world?”

 He glares at Sherlock, who gazes back impassively, lets out a frustrated snarl, slams the china teacup on the table with a loud rattle and possibly a crack (oh dear, Mrs. Hudson’s going to have a fit) and leaves the table.



Sherlock, all furrowed brows and pursed lips, looks at the retreating figure. “So how was it?” he queries.



John gets all the way over to the door before he turns abruptly with a little spin and looks at Sherlock with a tight smile.



“Please never make tea again.”



“It was an experiment!” Sherlock says at a shutting door.



He hears rather hysterical laughter that’s cut off with a quiet click. 

Not a slam,

 muses Sherlock with a faint smile.



He picks up the teacup and takes a sip, ignoring the spill all over the table 

(oh, you 

boys, 

would you 

please 

clean up after yourselves?). 

It’s perfectly fine, he thinks as he takes another sip. Apparently John’s tastes aren’t the same as Sherlock’s.



Sherlock shrugs, and stirs in another pinch of MSG.



-+-+-+-



Creak.



Shuffle.



Step.




Bang.




“

Fu

—!” John cuts off and silently sinks to the floor, cradling the side of his foot 

(always there!) 

as he squirms in the darkness. Wincing, he glares at where he now knew the staircase railing corner was 

(always that!) 

before getting up and tip-toeing to his destination (being much more careful this time).



He gingerly turns the doorknob to Sherlock’s