for his opinion since he was a neutral third party. But even without his input, the two resolved their issue but creating a completely new one with ideas from the both of them.

Mika did agree it was the best solution.

He ended up spending more time at the restaurant than he expected so he quickly paid and left for the arena. He was stopped a couple of more times but he didn’t have the heart to decline because it was partly his fault that he was going to be running late.

He managed to make it into the arena before the match started, but most of the seats we filled.

“Hey there!” Mika turned his head to see a group of girls waving at him. One of them even stood up from her seat to walk over to him. “If you’re looking for a seat, we have room here.”

Mika was thinking of an excuse to decline her, but he didn’t really have a reason. Although he was hoping to find someone from his class, or anyone he knew. But he would feel bad for lying if he couldn’t find anyone.

“He’s actually with me.” Mika turned around to see the girl that was with Yuu the other day.

“Akane, it’s great to see you again,” Mika greeted and noticed a faint blush on her cheeks. “Are you okay?”

“Yeah, just kinda hot in here,” Akane said as she fanned herself with her hand and laughed nervously. She then gestured to the front row, a bit further away, “We’re sitting over here. We thought you weren’t coming today. The match is going to start soon!”

“Sorry, I got caught up in something,” Mika said as they walked off. Once they were some distance away, he whispered to Akane, “Thank you for saving me.”

“No problem. Mikaela- I mean Shindo-san.”

“It’s okay, you can call me Mikaela. You’re a friend of Yuu-chan, right?”

“Yuu-chan? Do you call him that?” Akane asked and Mika nodded, “Oh that’s pure gold. I can’t wait to see his face when I call him that.”

“He doesn’t really like it when I call him that,” Mika said as they walked down the stairs.

“I should introduce myself properly. Akane Hyakuya,” she said as she turned around and gestured at her two companions, “and these are my friends, Mami Sakurai and Chiyako Hatsu.”

I found love in writing Akane's character. Expect more of her in future stories! ;D

I'm so sorry for forgetting to post a chapter last week! I didn't even realize! So busy, so much to do OTL

“Cheers!” everyone shouted with raised glasses and cans. The soccer team was lucky one of their team member’s family owned a restaurant and had space for them to be rowdy during their celebration.

It had been tough on the team as they had lost at the regional finals.

It was a little unfair to have the final match merely 2 hours after the semi-final match finished, but all four teams had been competing at the same time, so their opponent did not have a time advantage and was just as tired.

But due to the humidity, one of their primary players had a heat stroke and couldn’t play in the final match-up.

Nevertheless, the team were happy with their progress. They wanted to be the team that made it into the nationals for the first time in 12 years, but the dream was still out of reach.

“Next year, let’s cheer for Kukai-kun to lead the soccer team into the Nationals!”

Everyone cheered again.

After the captain’s long winded speech, everyone began to chat in small groups. Akane and her friends weren’t interested so they snuck out and helped with serving shortly after the speech started. Mika listened attentively but Yuu didn’t seem to bother.

“So why are you here again?” Yuu asked as Mika switched his attention from a nearby conversation to Yuu.

“Well, I came to watch the game because Kishimoto-kun asked me to. Then when I got to the stadium, I met Akane and she asked-”

“Wait, did you just call her Akane?”

There was a loud bang at the table and all eyes landed on them. Akane smiled sweetly at them, but Yuu could tell it was her not-so-pleased-but-I-have-to-put-up-an-act face.

“Sorry, the tray slipped out of my hand,” Akane apologized as all eyes were on their table.

“Just be careful next time! Don’t want to hurt anyone.”

“Of course!” Akane said and everyone resumed to what they were doing. Akane turned to Yuu and pouted, “What’s wrong with Mikaela-kun calling me Akane?”

“So first you make me get him to sign your magazines and suddenly you two are buddy buddy