from the noise, and already I regret giving Josak the day off.

                “Why not?” Shinri asks, giving me that same innocent look. “Just looking at them makes me feel lively, even though I can’t join them.”

                “You…” I don’t know what to say to him. It’s not his fault that he’s fallen sick this time—he catches a cold at the slightest turn of the weather, since his body is like a faulty heater, unable to properly regulate its own temperature. But if you really thought about it, it is his fault, for making his body that way in the first place--

                Kari giggles as she runs past my legs, and I find I can’t scold him again for what he did so many years ago.

                “…You still haven’t told Papa?”

                But he doesn’t have the same reservations.

                “If you just explained it to him, I’m sure he would have taken you along.”

                “You make me sound like a pet puppy left behind on a family vacation.” I smile at him from behind my glasses, confident that I haven’t fallen that low.

                “Of course you’re not,” he concedes. “I’m sure you know exactly what you’re doing, why you’re doing it, and you don’t regret a thing you’ve done.”

                “…Now you’re laying it on a bit too thick.”

                “Am I?” He looks at me, wide-eyed. “You let the whole world misunderstand you for the past three years. Even worse, you let Papa misunderstand you for the past three years.”

                “It’s not a misunderstanding. It’s a trap I set for them, and they fell right into it.”

                “You set the trap for everyone else, but not Papa.” Shinri pours himself a cup of tea, and I wait patiently for him to finish it. Ironically, he gets dehydrated easily, too. “Because you won’t explain, he still thinks you’re capable of those despicable things, even though you did it for him.”

                “That’s because I am capable of those despicable things, and precisely for him.”

                Because of Ian, the people of Conanshia had brought a warped impression of Shibuya into the summit three years ago. In those nine months he was gone, Dai Shimaron had utilized his absence to its full potential. For a king to be away at a critical time like this… Even our allies were beginning to wonder, how reliable he would be in a crisis.

                I needed to remind them, of his influence, his strength, and most importantly, his light. The reason why they backed him, the reason he won them over. His willingness to treat everyone equally, and fairly, and kindly, but at the same time, to punish those who are unjust, no matter how close they are to him.

                With a few words and a piece of paper written in my simplest Japanese, I managed all that in one swoop.

                The boy looks at me with eyes a lot more complicated than a six-year-old has any right to be, human or mazoku. Finally, he says, “Mama would kill you if he heard you say that.”

                “That’s why I don’t say it in front of him.”

                But the truth is, Lord von Bielefeld should be more comfortable in his position as Shibuya’s life partner by now. They already have three kids between them, and it’s not like Shibuya would have cheated on him even without the kids.

                “Grandma Jennifer once said you and Papa were like a married couple, is that true?”

                I glance at him sideways. “No. And if one day your mother comes after my life, I’ll know who to blame.”

                “If you say so.” That’s what he says, after he just accuses me of tricking the whole world. “Godfather, when are you going to get married?”

                I sip my tea calmly. “You sound like my mother.”

                “You’re never going to get married, are you?”

                I smile mysteriously, but the truth is I don’t know how to be in a proper relationship. My predecessors’ love lives were disastrous at worst, and non-existent at best. Just like Shibuya wonders how much of Suzanna Julia Lord Weller sees in him, I know that Christine broke the doctor’s heart. Jose Rodriguez calls me Ken, and I know he never sees me as anyone but Murata Ken, but still. I can’t forget how he got caught in the free-wheeling mess that was her life, and as his friend, I can barely forgive the wound she left on his heart.

                I’ve learned my lesson. I, who inherited all those past tragedies, know better than to get into a relationship. People try, but this burden of mine—of ours, is too heavy for anyone else to bear.

                “Muraken-san is never getting married?” Julie says