right now"

The annoyance on Niall's face was evident, but Zayn didn't much care. He was just enjoying the fact that he could get Niall off just by teasing him

"Zayn, please" Niall tried

"Please what?"

"I want you to fuck me!" Niall got out

"And I said you have to wait" Zayn growled hotly, rubbing himself over Niall's hole again

Niall mewled, his hole puckering against Zayn's tip

"P-please"

"You just have to wait, baby"

"Zaynie I want you in me so b-bad" Niall tried "I want you to fuck me so hard, please"

"Don't tempt me, Niall" Zayn chuckled "I have self control unlike some little boys"

Zayn pressed himself into Niall's lubed hole a little, making the blond beg again

"Please, please I want you so bad"

Zayn gave a small thrust, and pulled back, flipping Niall over as he buried his tongue right into Niall's ass

Niall gripped the sheets and came into Zayn's lap as Zayn stroked over his G-spot only once

"Now that's hot" Zayn chuckled, licking over Niall's hole

He examined the area Niall had stretched, rather impressed by Niall's work

"Hm... How long did this take?"

"A while"

"I can imagine" Zayn nodded "good job"

"I don't get anything else?" Niall asked

"Cumming is enough"

Niall squirmed, falling onto his back as he accidentally rolled over trying to remove himself from Zayn'a grip

He gave Zayn an angry look, making Zayn simply laugh

"You're too cute"

It had been 4 months since Niall had seen his mother. Greg was long gone back to Ireland. His mother was all alone and Niall was still with Zayn

Things had gotten slightly more heated. The loving up had reached its maximum. What used to be cuddled and kisses had turned into nose rubs, and face kisses and an all number of cute other things

Niall's hormones had spiked more, it had gone from one session a day of sexual things to 2 or 3 of them. Zayn only needed one when Niall wanted to help him out as well

Niall had gotten a lot more confident as well. He was standing taller, and was proud of his body which made Zayn very happy. Niall had been a very overall naive and insecure person when he'd first got there, but now he was taking pride

Niall was growing hair on his legs and underarms, and his crotch. But he'd begged Zayn to get him razors and waxing kits.

While Niall was taking pride in his body, he was also worried that by leaving hair on his body, Zayn wouldn't want him anymore.

Niall waxed his crotch and backside, and shaved everywhere else. He cleaned twice a week just in case, and had gotten a little taller. Niall was still small and skinny, and still had his plump ass, but was losing some of his baby fat.

Niall had noticed that his sex drive had escalated over the past month and a bit, but Zayn didn't seem to mind. Zayn didn't because then he just got to make Niall cum and feel amazing again.

The only thing that really bothered Niall was how Zayn always seemed to examine him, but Niall never understood why

He thought maybe he was waiting for Niall's voice to break, or maybe he was waiting to see hair on Niall before he decided he didn't love the boy anymore

When in reality, Zayn was just waiting for Niall to realise how wrong this all was. He was waiting for Niall to tell him no, to tell him that he didn't love him anymore. Zayn didn't care that Niall was now going through puberty. He was worried that Niall was going to realise how fucked up Zayn's sexual preference was and demand to leave.

Zayn was scared that Niall was going to start fighting back, start saying that he hated Zayn and meant it. Zayn was afraid that Niall wasn't going to sleep in the same bed as him anymore, wasn't going to let Zayn kiss him up. Zayn didn't want Niall to stop wanting him and that's all he was scared of.

Niall was scared of Zayn not wanting him anymore. Every now and again Zayn would avoid him for a while, which did hurt, but Niall did the exact same to Zayn more often than Zayn did to him because Niall didn't understand that by pushing Zayn away he'd weaken the bond they had. He thought that if he pushed Zayn away, Zayn would fight for him

Niall smiled at the older boy who a few weeks ago he was able to call his boyfriend. And Zayn smiled back

"Are you happy here?" Zayn asked quietly

Niall frowned at Zayn, but nodded "why do you ask?"

"Just... You're growing up and stuff" Zayn sighed "sooner or later you're not going to be so happy with me anymore"

"