his arse to his dick.

“You like it?” He can hear the grin in Harry’s voice.

“Un-be-fuckin-lievable,” he manages. He’d stopped wanking himself during all the faffing about finding the slick, but he starts again now, just as the tip of Harry’s finger slips past that spot again. His hips jerk involuntarily into the pillow and his cock spurts a little bit of precome into his fist. “Bloody cuntin’ fuck that’s good.”

“Glad you like it,” Harry breathes against his skin. “S’your prostate. Not everybody does, but.” Another light brush has Niall’s hips going again. “I thought you might.”

By now the stretch from the finger is starting to fade, and while the little shocks Harry’s sending through him are amazing, Niall’s starting to miss it. “Can you - another finger?”

“Yeah. Okay, yeah."

Niall feels it nudge up against his hole, then the slow ache as Harry pushes it in alongside the first. 

It feels amazing, better than he’d ever thought it could, two of Harry’s fingers brushing against that spot, and he sinks into the pleasure of it for a little while. But another idea’s growing in the back of Niall’s mind, now, something he’d never thought he’d want. Just the idea of it is getting distracting, all-consuming. He hadn’t woken up this morning expecting to want to lose his arse virginity to one of his best mates, but then that was the great thing about life, Niall reckoned: just when you thought you’d got yourself sorted out it’d throw you a curly one. And, hell, he’d already had Harry’s fingers in his arse; in for a penny, and all that.

“Harry,” he says into the mattress, before he can talk himself out of it. “Will you fuck me?”

The fingers in his arse still, then withdraw. Niall exerts all the self-control he has left to stop himself pushing back into them.

“What? Niall, what did you say?”

Of course Harry was never going to just get on and do it without having a good ol' chat about it first. But fuck, if Niall wants it, he should bloody well be able to ask for it. He takes a deep breath and rolls over onto his back. “I want you to fuck me,” he says, clear as he can, though he's looking at the ceiling and not Harry's face. “Like, with your cock, not just your fingers.”

“I worked that part out, Niall, thanks,” Harry says. “But I mean - are you sure? You’ve not - you’ve not done that before, have you?”

“You know I haven’t." Harry'd been there when Niall'd fumbled through his first rubbish attempts at blowjobs, and blowjobs were all he'd done with a bloke, until now. "But you have, right? So I know you’ll, like, make it good for me. Unless,” and this hadn’t occurred to Niall until now, but he supposes not everybody does it both ways, “unless you don’t want to. If that’s not what you’re into, or whatever.” He tries for a casual shrug but he doesn’t think he pulls it off.

Harry makes an agonised sort of noise. “Niall. Of course I fucking want to, don't be mental. But, I mean, your first time is kind of a big deal, and, like, I don’t want to sound up myself or anything, but I’m not exactly small, so - “

Niall rolls his eyes. “Harry, you wanker. I can’t believe I’m about to say this, but will ya please shut up and put your fuckin’ gigantic monster of a cock in me?”

His words hang in the air for a second, and then they both burst into fits of laughter. Harry flops onto the bed next to Niall and pushes his face into Niall’s shoulder, shaking with giggles. 

“My fuckin’ gigantic monster of a cock,” Harry gasps out between breaths. His attempt at Niall's accent really is atrocious. "You said it, not me!"

"Bleedin' ginormous," Niall says.

"Fuckin' huge."

"Cuntin' massive."

Eventually they run out of adjectives and settle down a bit, and Harry turns serious again, though the worried note in his voice is gone.

“Are you sure you want this?” he asks. “You know we don’t have to, not everybody does it. I don't, like, with Ben. I can get you off just with my fingers."

“If you keep asking me if I’m sure, I’m gonna say no just to piss you off,” Niall says