Seven said, "or am I just that predictable?"

"I thought Borg liked routine," Tom said.


Chapter Seven


As beautiful as the sunrises on Quarra were, Kathy Janeway had little time to enjoy today's as she tried to find a supervisor. She needed this job, and being late on her first day was not a good way to make a first impression. She knew this planet had a bit of a labor shortage which might save her, but she would still rather not risk it. Factory work was a bit beneath her skill-set, but better to get her hands dirty here than to keep them clean behind a desk on the shithole planet she was born on.

"Excuse me," she asked a pink-skinned alien who was about to pass her, "can you tell me where I can find the supervisor?""Over there," the alien said, pointing to his right.

"Thank you," Kathy said, jogging off in that direction. She made her way to a small office with a window that overlooked this part of the factory floor. The supervisor seemed to realize what she was there for just by looking as he stepped out to meet her and immediately, but politely, asked for her authorization and licenses.

He looked at them, smiling. "Level 6 in thermodynamics and quantum fusion? I'm impressed Ms. Janeway."

"Thank you, sir," Kathy said. "And I apologize for being late. I boarded the wrong transport and-"

"Ended up at the Atmosphere Filtration Facility? Don't feel bad, I did that my first day too. Happens to nearly two-thirds of the new hires in the first week. But around here we have a saying. 'First is forgiven.' Don't let it happen again, but as this is your first infraction, and a minor one at that, it won't go in your file."

"Thank you, sir," Kathy said.

"With your skills I'm surprised Atmo didn't offer you a job when you got there," the supervisor said. "But since you're here, your job is to monitor the primary reactor coils. They process more than eight thousand metric-"

"Eight thousand metric tons of tylium per second at 94% thermal efficiency."

The supervisor chuckled. "Well, hopefully we can help you keep that level of enthusiasm for the job. We like to keep our workforce happy. If you have any problems, let me know."

The supervisor turned to walk away, then stopped.

"Oh, just a head's up, we have a new efficiency monitor who also just started and she can be a bit… abrasive. She is good at her job though so listen to what she says, and try not to let her demeanor get to you. I guess being overly blunt comes with the territory when you're a cyborg."

"I'll keep that in mind, sir," Kathy said. As soon as the supervisor walked away, she immediately got to work. It didn't take her long to get into a rhythm. So much of one that she almost didn't noticed when a co-worker attempted to hand her a datapad with new specifications.

"Ah, thank you." she said to the alien, who simply nodded and walked away. She began entering the specifications, when suddenly an error alarm went off.

"Of for the love of-"

"Input Error 145," the automated alarm said between beeps. Kathy tried to correct, but was met with a "Command Code Violation 2308" for her efforts.

"Come on," she said, leaning in closer to the machine in front of her, hoping against all logic that being nice to the damn thing would work where her inputted instructions had somehow failed. "If you stop with that alarm, I promise I will never violate you again."

A hand reached into her peripheral vision and touched a button on the console, stopping the alarm immediately. She turned to see another alien, a male by all appearances, who was entering code of his own.

"You almost started a core overload," he said, though lacking the kind of judgement she would've expected from someone telling her she'd almost gotten everyone in the building killed.

If this is normal around here, she thought, maybe I should get a new job.

"I would've corrected it," she said defensively. She wasn't entirely sure of that in actuality, though she doubted it was entirely her fault and made a mental note to double check the specs she'd been handed earlier.

"Well," the alien man said, "I'm sorry for interrupting then. And for eavesdropping. I overheard you talking to your console."

"Well, it was either that or some percussive maintenance," Janeway said, feeling a little embarrassed.

"Percussive main- Oh, you mean hitting it," the alien man said, chuckling. "I like that. Percussive maintenance. I'll have to remember that one. I'm Jaffen, by the way." He extended