wood and fell to the grough just in time for the dresser to fall down on top of your legs crushing them and trapping you where you were. Looking up trying to ignore the pain until Sam or Dean could get to you, you noticed that there was a  sharp piece of metal pointed right at you thanks to the floor above that room being broken. At any moment that metal could fall and you'd be dead and you knew the odds of surviving being friends with the Winchester brothers... slim to none. As you waited for your inevitable end trying to ignore the pain in your legs, you thought back through your life wondering how exactly you came to this moment. "Hey! Watch out!" Dean cried as a baseball came flying toward your head making your (Y/E/C) eyes widen almost comically. You had no time to dodge the ball that hit you very hard on the head. Sam, Dean, and Bobby who was watching them at the time all came running over to where you had been laying under a tree at the park reading. Tears were falling down your cheeks now though you tried to hide the pain not wanting to look weak in front of these people you didn't know. "Are you okay? Uncle Bobby they look hurt. Should we take them to the doctors? Where are your parents?" Dean said quickly his big brother instincts kicking in though you were only about a few years younger than him and weren't even related. Bobby reached out slowly and gently moved your hand away from where the ball had hit you examining the damage.  "They'll be okay... There'll be a nasty bump there later though. Dean's right, where's your parent kid?" He asked and You looked down. You didn't like talking to strangers or even other kids and especially didn't like to talk about how your parents were killed by a weird thing that broke in and ate their hearts while you hid in the safety of a little crawl space in your closet. No one had believed you and now you were part of the state and were only out at the park because you had sneaked out from your foster family's strict care. They weren't bad people, per say, but they were very opinionated and did not like that you refused to believe that it had been a bear that had killed your parents. They called you a demon lover and were trying to 'fix' you."You're in my class at school here... You live with the Vickertons in town..." Sam said an understanding look in his eyes that surprised you. It wasn't pitying or mean. It gave you a little courage and you nodded. "They're my foster family... but they can't know I was here or... or... I'm not supposed to be here..." You said and were surprised at the look in Bobby's eyes as he nodded and offered you a hand."You can come over and get some ice at my place and wait there until the swelling goes down a bit. Sam and Dean here will keep you company and I'll take care of talking to your family so you don't get in trouble." He told you kindly and you took his hand which to this day you believed was the best decision you ever made. Not only did Bobby deal with your family he also contacted the state and eventually adopted you. You found out the truth about the werewolf that killed your parents and grew up learning to help others so they didn't have to share your fate. Sam and Dean became the siblings you never had and you lived a mostly happy life... if this was going to be how you died at least it would be meaningful and it had been a great life. You were shocked when you opened your eyes to a white ceiling and groaned at the chemical smell that could only mean you were in a hospital. You felt a hand brush some of your (Y/H/C) hair out of your face and rolled your eyes at the deep chuckle that went with it. "Nice to see you're not dead (Y/N). Dean nearly had a heart attack seeing you so pale under that dresser and went all hulk on the thing lifting it off of you while I dragged you out. Don't know how you slept through everything but I guess that's better than you laying there in pain. We finished to job too." Sam's voice said and you could hear the relief in it and knew he had probably been just as panicked at Dean. "Good. Now you both won't have to face my dad's wrath for getting me killed. If there's one thing scarier than a wrathful spirit it's Robert Singer when he's mad." You chuckled back and smiled as you opened your eyes to see Dean walking in with three cups of coffee and he grinned back at you. You knew that one day you're relationship with the boys would likely take you to see good old death but it looked