, grabbing Armin on his collar and dragged him on the railings. "No. I am more than just Eny. I'm the one who's doing all the killing streaks from day one."

Armin's eyes widen at the statement.

"And Levi, my beloved Levi. He just came a little late and imitated my way of killing, in order to save his own ass. I hunted him down when I notice an imposter was on the loose and that's when I found out that he was my mate. The killings on the third week are always his doing and the rest is mine."

"Eren... Why?" 

"Work is slow, I can't get rid of the criminals in the world if Reckon is too slow. So I do it my way."

"You killed innocents!"

"Not all innocents are innocents, you knew that."

"Eren.... I..."

"Save it, Armin." He punched the blonde Omega in the face until he was knocked out and bloody. He pushed his body off the railing, and it drops directly on the flowing river below. "Goodbye, old friend."

"Eren."

Eren turns around and found his beloved Omega. His gentle expression turns into horror when he saw Levi's hand, he is holding a bread knife, his left arm is painted in red and a few spots of red was on his face. "Levi! You shouldn't push yourself!"

"Sorry, can't help it." Levi purrs when Eren came to hug him. Levi laughs like a maniac when he can't find the blonde Omega anywhere.

"Let's go before they found out. I don't want them near you and our baby."

"Dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty....." He chanted over and over again as he rocks back and forth.

Legs folded to his chest, pale arms wrapped around his knees. Levi rocks back in fort in the isolation chamber. He's almost done cleaning the whole floor and now his waiting for the nurse to give him a newspaper for the floor again. It is clean but not enough! Everything is not enough!

"Dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty....." He chanted over and over again as he rocks back and forth.

He knew very well that he can't get rid of the filth in the floor which is him. No matter how much he cleans himself, he remains as the filth on his own life.

It was not his fault that he was born dirty by his dirty whore mother in his birthplace called the slums. Where dirty people coexist with dirt and filth.

No matter how much he washes his hands, he remembers how dirty he was. How he begs to be fucked in the age of 16, how his dirty whore mother sold him to a dirty old man, how those dirty hands held him against his will while he was being filled with the man's dirty fluid.

How dirty he was when he when he scattered that dirty man's inside. And stabbed his face with a knife, over and over and over again until no one can recognize the dirty old man. It was all dirty but beautiful at the same time. The way the blood splashed on the tiled floor, how his victim struggles while he stabbed his face.

Levi Ackerman is beautiful yet dirty. No one helps a dirty Omega, especially when he was painted in beautiful red. Everyone thought he was crazy, even when he is not. He defended himself, unlike any other Omega. Is that already consider as crazy?!   

Even so, no one believes him because he is a dirty whore who also came from the womb of his dirty whore mother. Does the law didn't work on dirty Omegas like him?

He remembered the first time when he was dragged in the same isolation chamber that he is sitting in right now. He remembered his own screams as it bounced back on the empty walls. Nothing changes. It's all the same dirty him, doing everything so his voice can be heard by someone, someone who can understand him even if he's dirty. But nothing came.

That's what he thought but something did come. He found out that he was pregnant. For the first time in his life, he didn't felt dirty, he felt bless and... happy. He knew well that the dirty old man made him pregnant but he never thought of that. All he knew that it was his and only his. Those were the good days, Levi hardly remembers them. He remembers more what came after those good days like it was like yesterday.

He miscarry.

Levi can't move, he can't speak while the others are moving and speaking at the same time.

"He killed his own child."

It was an accident.

"I heard he killed his Alpha too."

He's not my Alpha.

"He ripped his insides and scattered them on their home."

He raped me.

"Heard he was actually a whore."

My mother sold me.

"So he is a