and Dean could see that the blush from the warm water had spread across Cas’ cheeks and down his neck.

Cas, I’m not gonna lie. I’ve been with a lot of people, both men and women. He harrumphed when he felt Cas stiffening momentarily in his arms. He hugged the man closer. But the fucking truth of the day is that this, right here, is the best I’ve ever felt with another person. It felt awkward saying that out loud but the hitch in Cas’ breath was worth it.


You’re just—


I’m not just saying it to get into your pants, Cas. Dean turned again and this time gripped Cas’ chin to keep him from turning away. I’ve already been in your pants and I’m still here. We don’t really know each other that well so you won’t know that this is fucking special to me, okay? he eased his grip on Cas and the man didn’t look away this time. Dean caressed his chin with his thumb. My brother would probably squeal like a twelve-year-old girl if he ever heard me say this but I like… he hesitated but could see that Cas needed to hear this and he for some reason needed to give this man everything. I like just holding you. Cuddling or what the fuck ever. Cas, I like it here.

Cas’ whole chin trembled. D-Dean. He mumbled and looked away, giving Dean space enough to breathe normally. What the fuck was the spell Cas had put on him? If Dean didn’t know better he would say Cas was maybe some kind of siren. We’re both men…

Enough of that. Dean said heatedly. I know you’ve been raised differently than I but hell, Cas, you must’ve felt what I felt out there on the bed, even if you feel nothing now. Otherwise, he swallowed hard and tried to reel in the unexpected burst of emotions, damnit. Otherwise why would you get in the tub with me at all? You should’ve just kicked me out. Fuck. He pressed at Cas’ chest, pinning him to Dean’s body and leaned over, putting his lips against Cas’ ear. At least this part understands it’s okay.

Cas gasped when Dean cupped his dick and Dean’s eyebrow shot up when he felt that Cas wasn’t as innocently flaccid as Dean had thought he would’ve been. No, Cas was already sporting quite the semi to match what Dean had been trying to quell himself this whole time.

Dean, I’m sorry. Cas whimpered out and squirmed in Dean’s grasp. I’m sorry, you wanted to talk earlier and I just threw myself at you and now you wanted to wash us and I-I reacted like this. I’m so lewd.

Fuck yeah, you are. Dean pressed out, breathless with this turn of events. Fuck, Cas really couldn’t control himself around Dean and it was just so… Dean moaned when Cas’ dick jumped in his hand.


I’m disgusting.


No. Dean barked and Cas startled at the suddenly angry tone. Dean turned them as much he could in the tub, water sloshing over the sides, because he had to get to Cas’ mouth. The kiss was rough and demanding and Cas mewled into it, readily submitting. Don’t ever call yourself disgusting, angel. Dean growled against Cas’ trembling lips.


But I—


No. I’m not fucking kidding, Cas. Dean took a proper grip on Cas’ dick and it perked up real fast, filling out even as Dean stroked it easily. You’re beautiful and everyone who doesn’t think so are assholes and you know it’s really the assholes that go to Hell. Not you.

Cas was writhing in Dean’s arms, his hips bucking up so much that even more water went over the edges. Dean was already so hard but he barely felt it in his desperation to make Cas understand that this was okay, this was right.

I’m a married man. Cas gasped out even as his balls drew tighter and Dean sped up his hand.

Yeah, well, everybody makes mistakes. Dean muttered, leaning in to nip at Cas’ lips and then they were kissing again. Desperately, forcefully and fuck, Cas was crying now.


Shouldn’t… C-can’t…


Dean shushed him softly. Beautiful angel. He murmured as Cas’ hands clawed at him, his hips bucking frantically. Never met someone so pure, my beautiful little angel.

Dean. Cas sobbed out and threw his head back in ecstasy. Would’ve smacked his head on the tiled wall if Dean hadn’t caught him, reeled him, and pressed him close as Cas’ body convulsed when he came in Dean’s hand.

Dean cooed wordlessly and stroked the back of Cas’ head but fuck, the man wouldn’t stop crying. This was awful, Dean felt