that, Kotori pouts. You chuckle at the sight. "I might
come next week."

"Okay but you better." She smirks.

"Alright, alright."

Kotori doesn't visit you some days at lunch because she has other club meetings to attend to. But when she doesn't she
always comes to see you. Kotori always asks you about Eli and when you talk about her, it makes you feel better. She
even introduced you to Tojo Nozomi, an upperclassman who loved to tell people's fortunes. Nozomi even insisted to tell
you your fortune but you politely turned her down. You didn't want to know what would happen to your relationship with
Eli.

 

Months later, it was just getting worse. You never saw Eli but when you did, she never acknowledged you. Your mood was
never good during the day until you saw Kotori. You would usually talk about it with Kotori but on the days when she
was at a club meeting, you would have to wait until archery practice to feel better.

Archery was the one thing that could numb the pain. It was the only thing that could really take your mind off of Eli.
Kotori would only soothe the pain for a limited time, but archery really took her mind off it.

 

You finally had enough. You were tired of the way Eli treated you. She acted like you never existed.

You finally broke down in front of your mother and cried. You ended up staying home instead of going to school.

'Love is cruel.' Was all you thought.

That was the day you decided to get over Ayase Eli and move on with your life.

 

After you got over Eli, you made sure to thank Kotori. She gave you a lot of advice and talked to you about it. Eli was
your first crush and you really didn't know what to expect. Without Kotori, you don't know how else things would've
turned out.

You were grateful to her and you would do anything to help her from that moment on.

 

You and Eli become friends again. You are happy for once. You hangout with her, Maki, and even Nozomi on days when
Kotori doesn't visit you.

 

Eli and Nozomi eventually start dating. When Kotori hears this, she talks to you about it when you walk together to the
archery grounds.

"Are you sad about Eli-chan and Nozomi-chan?" She asks. You smile and shake your head.

"No, not at all. I'm happy for them actually." You reply.

"Good. I'm glad." She places a hand on your arm and smiles.

 

You don't know when you started to feel something for Kotori. You got excited to see her on days when she would come
visit you at lunch. Those days were usually on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. On the days where she had meetings,
you felt like you were missing something. But you still saw her afterschool on your way to the archery grounds. She
would still walk halfway with you before walking to the bus stop.

Everytime you saw Kotori, you had always wanted to hug her. When you saw her, you always hugged her. Your stomach felt
weird and your chest felt fuzzy everytime you did.

On one of the days when Kotori had a meeting, you met up with Nozomi. "Nozomi." You say the older girl's name.

"Yes, Umi-chan?" She asks, never looking up while shuffling her tarot cards.

"I...I think I like Kotori." You say. You feel heat rush to your cheeks.

"Oh..?" Nozomi smirks at you. You feel uneasy. You know Nozomi usually teases others, especially Eli and you knew she
was up to no good when she smirked.

"Y-Yes. I-I don't know what to do..."

"You should tell her!"

"Wh-What?! I can't do that!" You shout.

"But if you want your relationship to go anywhere, then you have to do something, Umi-chan."

"I...I will not." You say. "I will not do anything that might make Kotori uncomfortable." You decided to never lay a
hand on her ever again.

 

One day afterschool, you see Kotori in the distance, walking with another girl. You get curious and try to catch up to
them. You notice that the girl Kotori is walking with has ginger hair and a side pony tail. You see them say goodbye to
each other and that's when you catch up to Kotori.

"Who was that?" You ask. Kotori flinches and turns to you.

"U-Umi-chan!" She says. "That...That was the girl I like."

You slowly nod your head. 'Oh.' You think. "Ah I see. What's her name?"

"Kousaka Honoka. She's in my last class."

"How come I've never seen you walk with her before?"

"I just started talking to her recently. She's really nice and really silly