"I'm glad you came back with us."

He felt Nelson reach back to slide a hand into his hair, tilting his head back as Raleigh started to trail kisses along his jaw. "It's not everyday one finds oneself propositioned by two rugged and handsome heroes, now is it?"

Raleigh paused at that, pulling back to meet Nelson's gaze. "You saved me. I just want to thank you properly."

"Your brother had as much of a hand in that as I did," the doctor replied seriously, glancing back to Yancy. Then he cupped Raleigh's cheek, urging him back in for another kiss. "But I'm happy to reap the benefits."

"You might not say that after he's kept you up all night," Yancy murmured, sucking on the man's earlobe as his fingers started at his dress shirt, but Nelson just laughed.

"He can try and keep up with me," he replied, turning enough in their embrace to brush his lips against Yancy's. "Kiss me, both of you."

Bringing someone home together was always a bit hit or miss; Yancy had found that sometimes the reality of two hot brothers making out wasn't the same as the fantasy some people thought they wanted. Nelson seemed completely comfortable with the idea, though, tugging Raleigh closer as his lips parted to Yancy's, shifting to encourage him to join the kiss. It was messy and a little awkward and dirtier than Yancy had expected, feeling both the flick of his brother's tongue and Nelson's against his lips, and he couldn't resist freeing a hand to stroke over Raleigh's hip, to grab his ass and pull him closer.

"This isn't your first rodeo," Raleigh murmured into the kiss, and Nelson chuckled again, shifting to nuzzle Raleigh's jaw, leaving them to the kiss. Yancy was happy to continue, losing himself in the warm familiarity of Raleigh's mouth, Raleigh's hand hooking around the back of his neck as he tasted him. He felt Nelson's hand stroke up the front of his flight suit, tugging the zipper undone to caress his bare skin.

"I have a few escapades under my belt," he admitted, leaning in to lick a stripe up Yancy's neck. "Some of them rather more... unorthodox... than seeing two lovely boys like you sleeping together."

That this was going to go very well. Yancy grinned at Raleigh as he pulled from his mouth, then pulled Nelson close again, stroking hands over his chest and pushing off his shirt and vest as he claimed his mouth. Raleigh fit up against Nelson's back without urging, tugging Yancy's zipper down all the way so he could slip a hand into his boxers as he palmed the doctor through his slacks. "Is that your kink, then, doc? You like to watch?"

Nelson drew a sharp breath against his mouth as he shifted between them, hips rocking back against Raleigh. He turned his head back to nuzzle Raleigh's mouth breathlessly, nipping at his bottom lip as he indulged in a kiss. "Is that what you want, little Becket? To suck me off while I watch your brother fuck you?"

The groan his words pulled from Raleigh's mouth made him sound like a whore, hips jerking up against Nelson's ass, and his fingers tightened around Yancy's quickly hardening cock. "I wanna watch him fuck you."

Nelson turned in their embrace again, finding Raleigh's zipper and pulling his flight suit undone with one fluid motion. He wrapped a hand around Raleigh's dick as he claimed a hard kiss from his mouth, and Yancy couldn't help but bite back a moan at the way it made the kid shudder against him.

"And what about you?" Nelson's voice was low and promising. "How well do you share? Think you can last through everything I want you to do to me?"

"I can - oh - " Raleigh's complaint trailed off as Nelson's moved his wrist just so, drawing a sharp hiss through his teeth. "... what are we doing again?"

"Getting naked," Yancy replied with a chuckle, moving to press against Nelson's back again, stroking his hands indulgently over the man's firm ass before reaching around him to push Raleigh's flight suit off his shoulders. His brother managed to pull himself together enough to shed the rest of his clothes, then captured Nelson's mouth again, hands fumbling with his belt. Giving a little frustrated noise, Raleigh finally dropped to his knees, yanking his slacks and boxers down around his ankles and leaning in to take the head of his cock in his mouth.

Nelson's moan was low and approving, fingers curling in Raleigh's hair but letting him do as he pleased. He reached back with his free hand to catch Yancy's flight suit at the hip, tugging him closer. "You too, handsome."

Yancy didn't need any more urging to slip out