to continue as they had before, could it?  I mean he'd been pretending he didn't feel anything more than friendship for Tony for a couple of months now.  Surely it wouldn't be any harder to continue that now than it was before.

Only the sinking feeling in his heart when he thought about going back to the way things had been told him that it would be different.  It was one thing to be content with friendship when you thought that was all you could have.  It was an entirely different thing when you knew there was the possibility of something more.

Bruce was so lost in thought that he didn't hear the other man enter into his lab.

"Bruce," Tony called, making the physicist jump a little.  "I was wondering if you'd be interested in getting dinner and maybe watching a movie."

"Sure," Bruce called distractedly, his mind returning to his dizzying thoughts.  They frequently would eat dinner together or watch a movie on the huge screen in the entertainment room.

"Umm . . . I was thinking we could maybe leave the Tower, and maybe make it a date?" Tony asked reluctantly.

Bruce froze.  He didn't think that Tony would come to him about this, especially not so soon, but then again he was Tony Stark and he tended to go after what he wanted, when he wanted it.  Thank goodness for that.  Bruce would have agonized over this for days if he hadn't.  Now all he had to do was agree.  Sure, it was a little scary, but he couldn't deny the excited butterflies he had at the thought of accepting.  Wow, he was worse than a teenager with a crush.

"Or not.  You know what. . . Forget I said anything.  I'm sorry," Tony started to backtrack.

Bruce frowned and wondered what had happened, and then he realized that he had been standing silently since Tony's initial offer.  Great, now he'd ruined it.  Why couldn't he have just opened his mouth and accepted?  No, he had to get stuck in his own head, and now Tony thought he didn't want him, and Too much thinking.  Go kiss Tin Man. a voice grumbled in the back of his mind.

Thinking that was the best advice Hulk had ever given, Bruce rushed towards Tony, who was on the way out of his lab, and caught him in his arms to kiss him.

Tony pulled back from the kiss, shock clearly written across his face.

"No . . Um . . Don't apologize. . . I'd rather not forget about it . . . I'd really like to go on a date with you," Bruce said shyly.

"Well, okay, then," Tony said, trying unsuccessfully not to let his relief show through.

Bruce and Tony's relationship grew quickly.  They already spent a lot of time together, and they had a lot in common.  Really the only thing that changed was they started doing "couple-y" things.  Well, that, and the rest of the team good-naturally ribbing them.

Natasha and Clint had decided to give the pair a "ship name," and somehow managed to get Steve and Thor in on it as well.  The only problem was none of them agreed on what the "ship name" should be.  Natasha called them "Stanner", while Clint preferred to refer to them as "Brony."  Steve was partial to "Truce", and Thor called them "the boyfriends of science" (even though the others pointed out that made it sound like they were dating science instead of each other).  Silly nicknames aside, the two of them were very happy together, which was something that neither of them had been in a very long time.  

Given their collective track record, they should have expected something to go wrong, but they found themselves both uncharacteristically optimistic.  They certainly never would have thought that the thing that would almost undo their relationship would be a radio, but that's exactly what happened.

They were having a picnic under the stars on the roof of Stark Tower.  Sure, the light pollution blocked out most of the stars, but the view was still stunning.  They were curled together in a single large blanket against the autumn chill, when Tony took out a Starkpad and tuned it into one of those "all love song" radio stations.

Bruce raised an eyebrow and chuckled.

"What?" Tony asked innocently.  "I figured we're already pretty cliché under the stars wrapped together in a blanket.  Why not make it a complete package with sappy music?"

"You may pretend otherwise, but you, Tony Stark, are a hopeless romantic," Bruce laughed as he snuggled closer to Tony.

"Vicious rumors.  I assure you," Tony countered as he leaned into Bruce's embrace.

One moment they were enjoying the view, and the next that odd need to sing along with the radio overtook Tony again.  First he hummed; then he broke into full-out song.

"In my life,