gets the feeling that he doesn’t write the words as much as he bleeds them out, every single letter an agonizing decision that needs to be made.

The sudden onset of NaNoWriMo means that all three phases arrive at once. ‘Complete chaos’ is a kind description.

In his novel, Rodney is planning to ‘explore the inherent uncertainty of life while taking a firm stand against animal cruelty’. John and Laura both listen politely and nod in the appropriate places. When John asks him on November third how many words he’s written, Rodney suddenly turns very quiet, and then says defensively that he has plenty of time to catch up.

John vows to be a supportive boyfriend about the whole thing, so he decides to check out the website a little closer and ends up getting stuck in the forum. He finds it hard to understand how people can find the time to simultaneously write a novel and spend that much time online. The research threads are especially fascinating. Not only do people ask questions about the inner workings of the mind of a serial killer, and the most effective ways of torturing someone, and what kind of diseases a hedgehog might contract; there are people who actually know the answers. (He bookmarks the instructions for how to build a flamethrower, just in case. It might come in handy to clear weeds. Or something.)

He also comes across some writing tips that he finds very useful and decides to help Rodney out by sharing them. When Rodney’s not looking, John sneaks into his study and adds the wise old adage When in doubt, add ninjas to the notes on the whiteboard.

When Rodney sees it, he stares at it for a long time and then gives John one of his best scowls.

“You’re hilarious,” he says. “Really, I think I’m going to die from laughter.”

He doesn’t erase the words though. John takes that as a win.

* * *

Rodney starts writing for real after five days, and immediately gets stuck. He’s let John read through the synopsis and it’s good the way Rodney’s stories are always good. It might need a little polishing, but John isn’t going to mention it at the moment.

The problem is that Rodney can’t leave a paragraph alone and move on until it’s completely without fault, and every time he reads through what he’s written the day before, he starts editing the old text instead of working on his daily quota.

“How many words did you write today?” Laura asks when a couple of days have passed.

“The number of words is not important,” Rodney says haughtily. “The quality of the words is important, and the twenty-seven words I did write today happen to form two very well-written sentences, thank you very much.

“So, how much is that in total now?” John asks, trying hard to contain his mirth.

Rodney turns his head and mumbles something inaudible.

“What’s that? I didn’t hear you, buddy.”

There is a long-suffering sigh, a deadly glare, and then Rodney says, with great dignity, “Three thousand, one hundred and ninety four.”

John picks up the schedule he printed out earlier with the intent to copy it and tack it up all over the house. “Shouldn’t you be at something like 10K about now?” he asks innocently.

Rodney glowers and returns to the study, muttering something about ‘cretins’.

* * *

John wakes up one morning and comes into the kitchen to find Rodney sitting at the table, sipping coffee, and giving Newton speculative glances. He looks like he hasn’t slept at all.

“If you put him in a box, you know he’ll never forgive you,” John says.

He’s beginning to wonder if he shouldn’t just force feed Rodney an Ambien and not let him out of the bedroom until he’s had eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. There is writer mania, and then there is this.

Rodney cocks his head and keeps giving his cat that sidelong glance that John has learned to associate with strange experiments in the name of research. The last time that happened, the kitchen was a mess, and John was the one who had to clean it all up.

“You have to wear protective gloves to get him into the pet carrier to go to the vet,” John reminds him. “There will be injuries and you’re going to spend the rest of the day panicking about blood poisoning.”

Rodney mutters something about the need of supportive family members during this ordeal, and that this should include the family members who happen to be covered in fur.

John takes Newton with him when he leaves the kitchen, just in case.

* * *

During week three, Laura agrees to let the college paper do an article about Rodney’s struggles. The reporter who comes to the house to do the interview has to be one of Rodney’s students; there’s no other explanation for the glee on her face when she sees the state