let him do it himself.  One of the times Sam took his entire length in, he felt Castiel pulse, and heard the softest grunt from above him.  Sam swallowed it all down, waiting until he was certain Castiel was done before pulling off slowly.

Sam leaned back on his heels, and dropped his head and his gaze, waiting for the axe to fall.  He heard the soft sound of Castiel's zipper.

“You know, for someone who really ought to be a professional by now, there's certainly room for improvement.”  Sam stiffened, but Castiel didn't seem angry – it seemed more of an observation than a criticism.  Sam flushed regardless, humiliation flooding him, the blood flow to his face making the skin throb... particularly the cheek Castiel had hit.

Castiel's fingers gripped his chin and lifted his head... he had the muzzle in his other hand.  This time Sam accepted it without complaint, opening his mouth obediently, privately admitting that it might actually help to keep him out of further trouble.

Castiel was a little more gentle with the straps and buckles this time around.  His voice was soft when he spoke.  “Now.  I know the tattoo and the treatment hurt, and you likely want to go back to the suite.”

Sam was still, not sure if Castiel actually wanted an answer.  Castiel's hand was gentle on the crown of Sam's head.

“With that in mind, I'm going to give you a choice.  There's one more thing I'd very much like to have done today.  It also might hurt a little...”

A little?!  Sam would've barked out a laugh, if he hadn't been gagged.

“... so I'll understand if you're not feeling up to it.”   The gentle hand moved to Sam's chin, lifting his head and forcing Sam to look at him.  “But it would make me very happy if you would agree to it.”

The obvious emphasis on happy made Sam's heart skip a beat.  No, he wasn't at all ready for any more pain, but even as disoriented as he was, he knew he needed to keep Castiel pleased.  He also knew he was a hair's breadth away from being turfed into the cell again, and the logical part of his mind urged him to concede, to give himself just a little wiggle room.

The part of him most connected to his heated, throbbing skin, and the blood in his mouth, urged him to slam a fist into Castiel's crotch and run like hell before he could get to the gun in the leather bag.

Self-preservation won.  Again.  Sam made himself nod, knowing full well that 'a little' might hurt a whole fucking lot.

Castiel's face split into a wide grin, and the corners of his eyes crinkled.  Sam basked in his approval, daring to relax just a little, even if he knew it probably wouldn't last.  Castiel snagged his phone from his pocket, and made a quick, quiet call.

Sam stayed kneeling where he had serviced Castiel, watching as Castiel moved back to the table and examined its controls.  He pressed a button, and the table moved smoothly until it was flat.

Castiel turned to him.  “Come.”  He held out a hand.

Sam climbed shakily to his feet, moved to Castiel and took his hand, holding it perhaps a little tighter than he might normally have.

“On to the table, solnishko, on your stomach.”

Sam climbed onto the table and laid down, his breathing a little fast and shallow.  Castiel took his left wrist, and guided it to a handhold under the table.  He lowered his right himself, finding a matching one, and gripped them tightly, glad to have something solid to hold on to.

There was a soft rustling of fabric, as Castiel moved back to his chair and sat.

Sam's hands were aching from his white-knuckle grip by the time the door opened again.

Two men, this time.  One was the one who had done Sam's new tattoo, and seeing him made Sam close his eyes tightly against whatever was coming.

There were soft voices in Russian, and what Sam knew to be Castiel's hand, warm and comforting against his lower back.  The snap of latex, and gloved fingers touching his back.  Castiel's hand moved, and his fingers sketched out a shape:  a long, graceful curve, starting on his shoulderblade and moving downwards to just above where his hand had rested, following the narrowing of his waist.

Another agreement was reached, and after a soft pat on Sam's bottom, Castiel moved away.  Sam could feel the two men on either side of him, more gloved hands against his skin, cool alcohol, and something soft, touching in small, precise dots.  It was clear that whatever it was that they were doing, they were taking their time in making sure it was perfect.

One of the men pinched the skin, high on Sam's right shoulderblade, and