a sharp look.

Then, both adult wizards took their leave while the three speechless students were left standing in the hallway to gape at their disappearing backs.

“So,” Ron eventually said. “Any idea what that barmy old coot meant?”

Even Hermione’s automatic cry of “Ron!” didn’t discourage the redhead from pulling the answers out of their mutual female friend with all the considerable energy and stubbornness he was capable of.

Hearing Hermione’s usual long-winded explanation, of which the most important part was ‘Goblin-made blades imbibe only what strengthens them’ quickly led to the realisation that since Harry had killed a Basilisk with the sword in second year, it would now be impregnated with Basilisk venom—a substance strong enough that it could destroy a horcrux’ vessel.

Harry was swept along with the excitement in the wake of knowing that they had the means to destroy this horcrux, as well as the rest of them as soon as they got a hold of their containers, though he still had mixed feelings of indecision about it.

Ron was the most driven about getting around to ending the horcrux, perhaps precisely because he subconsciously felt the strong, dark influence he was under.

None of them were keen on releasing the highly dangerous magic of the locket during its destruction in a place as populated as Hogwarts, but they couldn’t think of a place where the risk wasn’t as great. With the dementors’ presence surrounding the school and stationed in Hogsmeade, they didn’t want to risk being caught when sneaking past them any more than they had to.

Besides, who knew what nasty side-effects being so close to so many dementors—more than would ever have been stationed at Azkaban at any given time, from what the Trio could gather—too often could have?

No, they preferred to find a spot somewhere in the castle, if they could find one. The Forbidden Forest would’ve been their immediate preferred location, but it just wasn’t feasible in this situation—the trip over the grounds would leave them too exposed, and the various creatures of the forest could either be harmed by the black magic of the locket or be a threat to the students themselves.

An abandoned corridor, secret passage or out-of-the-way room would not do either—there was always a chance that somebody would stumble upon it—and the two rooms that the Golden Trio could think of that were sufficiently isolated were not suitable for other reasons.

The Room of Requirement was at risk of having its integral magic damaged by the process of destroying the horcrux and there was also a real chance that the black magic residue of the room they would have it turn into would seep through to the other variations of the room—not to forget that those were also frequented by other people than just the three Gryffindors.

The Chamber of Secrets, on the other hand, could quite possibly be uniquely suited for the job—as far as the space Harry had killed the Basilisk was concerned—but it was possibly hiding some nasty surprises that could pose a danger to the seventh years if they went there for horcrux-breaking. If they were going to use it at all they would have to scout out the entire chamber and make sure everything’s safe, which would cost time and resources they simply didn’t have. They might even need a curse-breaker or two—and trying to maintain the secrecy in that scenario would be an absolute nightmare.

So, in short: they were really in need of a place somewhere.

After a day of fruitless searching, Harry decided to spend his very late evening with a walk through Hogwarts’ halls, for the first time since he’d returned to the castle. Only one hallway in he was already joined by a certain female ghost.

“Hey, Harry,” she smiled at him. “You’re back.”

“Hello, Myrtle,” he returned, feeling his spirits lift somewhat by her mere presence. His current frustration and the ever-present exhaustion appeared to ease up a bit because of the pleasant company.

“I’ve found many new places since last time. Do you want to know?”

Harry agreed easily—her stories were much more interesting to listen to nowadays, and the two of them got along much better with all the bonding time the human and the ghost had had together. Also, Myrtle was cheerier and much less prone to crying ever since he had introduced her to the concept of regularly taking a stroll outside her bathroom.

Accompanying him had had a good effect on her, which was why he had eventually suggested she try it on her own, and she had taken to the idea with then-unimaginable joy. Apparently, nobody had thought to clue Myrtle in on that she could leave her bathroom in a different way than only through the plumbing—that though ghosts were tied to a place, it didn’t mean they couldn’t temporarily leave.

Anyone would get depressed if they were practically imprisoned inside very the same room they’d traumatically died in, not to mention that the rest of Hogwarts’ ghosts hadn’