do. Surely Sehun wouldn’t care about clothes anyway, he had always preferred Jongin to be naked. They have already spent a lot of time naked and they were only dating for a few weeks—Sehun’s was insatiable in the bedroom. Jongin hastily took off his jeans and shirt to stay only in his boxers before taking a look at himself in the mirror. Not bad.

Red lipstick in hand, he parted his lips and applied it meticulously. His lips were plump so it would look really great, he thought. He grimaced when the line smeared, muffling his whines and stomping his foot. Taking a tissue, he tried to scrub it off the corner of his mouth as best as he could. It didn’t totally disappear but it would do the trick.

Once satisfied with his appearance, he pressed his lips together and puckered them. He giggled embarrassingly at his reflection because it gave him a seductive look he rarely liked on himself. It was sexy though. Jongin liked it. Making kissy faces at himself, he posed, squinting and biting his lips. Damn, Sehun would love it. His confidence now boosted, he took a big gulp of air, adjusted his glasses and opened the door.

“Close your eyes!” he singsong-ed.

“What? Why?” Sehun inquired, surprised.

“Please, do it!” Jongin whined. “I promise you’ll like it!”

Sehun chuckled. “Okay, okay! There. My eyes are closed.”

Jongin peeked and saw his boyfriend lying down on the bed with his eyes closed. Smiling in triumph, he quickly made his way to the bed and settled comfortably on Sehun’s thighs, peering down at him.

“You can open them now!” Jongin whispered.

Gawping, Sehun’s eyes widened when they fell on Jongin’s features and half naked state. “Wow!”

Tilting his head to the side, Jongin smiled nervously, feeling self-conscious now that he was face to face with Sehun. He wasn’t past being shy in front of his boyfriend. “Do you like it?”

“You’re asking me if I like it?” Sehun said incredulously. “You look…fucking hot!” His hands reached for Jongin’s face, cupping his cheeks and bringing him closer. “I love it. It looks sexy, you are sexy.”

Eyes twinkling, Jongin beamed at him, his own hands squeezing the tissue of Sehun’s shirt. They gazed into each other’s eyes until Sehun closed the distance and pressed their lips together gently. Sighing contentedly, Jongin opened up when his boyfriend slid his tongue inside his mouth, kissing him hotly and languidly. The red lipstick smeared on Sehun’s mouth, making a mess, and they both looked ridiculous but they didn’t care, too busy making out.

With hooded eyes, Jongin broke the kiss and trailed his lips along Sehun’s throat, his nimble fingers unbuttoning his boyfriend’s shirt to give him access to his chest. Sehun moaned at the erotic sight Jongin was giving him, red lips sliding down his body and leaving red marks on its way. Suckling Sehun’s skin between his plump lips, Jongin kept sending him heated glances as his hands teasingly caressed his chest. His mouth attached itself to one nipple and he sucked, Sehun’s breath hitching at the sensation, before attacking the other one.

Arching his back, Sehun urged Jongin to continue his ministrations, liking his lips and threading his fingers though his boyfriend’s hair. “Come on,” he moaned.

Jongin stopped torturing him, releasing his nipple with a wet plop. Then, he slid down to reach Sehun’s jeans and smiled against his abs. His mouth still on Sehun’s skin, he hastily took them off, leaving Sehun needy and aching under him, now only wearing his boxers. His hardening cock was already deforming his boxers and Jongin smirked proudly at the effect of his handy work. Glasses, red lipstick and a few wet kisses, and Sehun was a goner. All because of Jongin.

Jongin tapped Sehun’s thighs from where he was at the feet of the bed and the latter quickly opened his legs to let him settle in between, Jongin crawling his way back up his body. Sehun’s eyes begged him to go faster and Jongin chuckled, kissing the inside of his pale thighs up to his crotch, leaving more red marks. His fingers teasing Sehun’s lower abdomen, Jongin licked his boyfriend’s girth through his boxers. Sehun moaned loudly at the action, his hands pushing down his boxers urgently to free himself from the tissue.

Amused, Jongin helped him out of them and licked his lips hungrily when Sehun’s cock came into sight, adjusting his glasses afterwards for more effects. Whimpering at the sight, Sehun spread his legs wider and gripped Jongin’s hair, tugging at them until his boyfriend finally put his mouth to good use. First, Jongin pressed a chaste kiss to the tip, his tongue lapping at the pre come, before wrapping his hand around the base of Sehun’s length