"Ow! The fuck?" Jean slowly turned his head and I wasn't surprised to see Mikasa standing behind him, with her fist clenched. Mikasa always had my back, no matter what. Although it was a bit annoying since I'm not a little boy anymore and I wasn't the one that needed protection. Tch, it still pisses me off sometimes. 

"Jeez, Levi. What kind of an entrance is that?" I asked, directing my attention back to him and slowly standing up. 

"It is halloween, ain't it? A little scare wouldn't kill anyone." He still had this blank expression on his face, but looking closely he had a look of amusement in his eyes. It ticked me off, but I quickly wiped the thought away, since fighting Levi isn't the smartest idea. Again, a small smirk was plastered onto Levi's face, with the same amusement in his eyes, except more intense. Oh, how I would love to smack that look on his face off. 

"Whatever, just come in." I opened the door a bit wider and gestured him to come in.

A few hours passed, maybe two or three, (it's around 4PM now) and I decided it was time to start the pumpkin carving event. Most of us left already, leaving me with Levi, Armin, Annie, Mikasa, Jean, and Marco. What an audience. 

I handed each of them a pumpkin (the pumpkin was small, not too big), although Armin and Annie had to share one pumpkin, since we were lacking one. I told everyone that we had to create something within two hours. We're going to have a competition on the best pumpkin carving.

I decided to go for a pumpkin carving that shows a man killing a titan. I just had the sudden urge to draw that. Weird right? After two hours passed, we showed our pumpkin's one by one, starting with Mikasa. Mikasa carved my face in her pumpkin. One of the creepiest yet sweetest things I've seen. I've gotten used to her sisterly affection for me ((oooooooh burn! //slapped)) already since it's been around 7-8 years since my family adopted her. (We're both 18 now.)

Armin and Annie somewhat carved a realistic looking heart, with a knife going through it. They both had a pink tint on their faces, which was super creepy since what they carved isn't exactly the most embarrassing thing in the world. They were both sitting next to each other closely, which I thought was weird. I better ask Armin what's going on later. 

Jean poorly carved a hockey mask with a knife next to it, seeing how the stab marks of his poor attempt to carve the pumpkin show. Marco carved a simple average pumpkin, although it gave a look as if it was high. 

Levi didn't want to show us what he carved, maybe because he was too embarrassed with the final output. He's such a sourpuss. It was finally my turn to show my creation and I was pretty proud on how it became, since pumpkin carving isn't exactly an easy task. 

I slowly turned my pumpkin around and the first thing I hear is Jean's lame attempt to cover his laughter. Again, Mikasa hit him on the back of his head. I muttered a quick thanks to Mikasa and looked at my pumpkin again. There was this giant blob standing before a stick person holding what seemed like a stick. The giant blob had a stab through his stomach, though it didn't look like one. 

Regardless of the output, I'm still proud of how it became. We all stood up and went outside to display our works of art, except for mine, Mikasa's and Levi's. I decided to go against displaying mine, since a four year old could carve this. Mikasa kept her pumpkin in her room with a blush on her face. I shuddered a bit at the thought of what Mikasa wanted to do with a pumpkin that had my face on it. 

Levi still held on to his pumpkin, he looked like he had no intention of showing it to us any time soon. 

Whoever was left began to leave one by one. Starting with Jean and Marco, saying they had some "important matters" to attend to. Armin offered to bring Annie home and so they left together. Levi still stayed here surprisingly and soon Mikasa went outside with my parents. 

An awkward silence began in the quiet room and the amount of intensity in the atmosphere would make anyone cringe. Levi was sitting on the couch, legs crossed, and he was shifting his attention from his pumpkin to me, then back to his pumpkin. I sighed at this and decided to ask him what he carved on his pumpkin, even though I knew it would be a failed attempt. 

"Come over here then, I'll show you." He said. I was honestly surprised that he would show me. So I slowly stood up from my