his slacks while peering towards the grid screened window. Although they are obscured by the grille, Benny catches sight of Dean's striking, emerald eyes and licks his lips in anticipation. 

 

"Come into my side of the confessional, child," Benny directs, keeping his volume down. He knows he doesn't need to tell Dean to be discreet about it; this is not the first time they've fooled around here. 

 

Dean peaks his head out of the booth and does a quick sweep of the church before sauntering over to the adjacent door. He slips in easily and closes the latch behind him while pressing his back right up against it. A naughty smile plays at the corner of his lips as he gives the pastor a generous once over, actually biting his lower lip when he sees the obvious outline of the older man's rigid cock straining against his thigh.

 

"Hello, Dean," Benny greets, brandishing a similar expression when the teen steps up to him and tugs his T-shirt over his head to reveal his lightly toned and essentially hairless upper body. 

 

"Father," Dean retorts with a playful wink, closing the minimal space between them and draping his arms over Benny's broad shoulders. 

 

Benny rolls his eyes at the continued use of his title and encircles his arms around Dean's waist before sliding his hands beneath the back of his low riding jeans to cup his perky backside. It takes all of about five seconds for his fingers to brush against the rubber plug lodged between his cheeks. 

 

"Good boy," Benny praises, quietly. "C'mere, sugar." He beckons Dean closer for a kiss and stretches his neck to meet him when he leans over, savoring the taste of his soft lips. He gives the plug a tiny twist and simultaneously slips his tongue into Dean's mouth to keep him occupied, swallowing the boy's muffled moans with earnest. Every gentle pivot of the toy has the teen digging his nails into his shoulders and whimpering into his mouth but Benny keeps him from pulling away with a strong hand against the back of his head. 

 

"You better not already have a load in there, boy," Benny growls against his lips. He knows Dean doesn't--he can tell from the delightful way the rubber catches on his rim--but he needs to hear him say it. Dean knows better than to visit him when he's already been used the same day. 

 

"Never," he gasps, gulping hard when Benny's mouth latches on to his Adam's apple. 

 

"That's what I thought. You went home and fingered all that come out of your dirty, little hole before plugging yourself up, didn't you?" Benny grunts into his ear, sucking a bold hickey into Dean's collarbone-- low enough so he can cover it and hard enough to mark him for at least the rest of the week. 

 

"Yes, sir. Always come to you clean and ready for your big cock," Dean whimpers, growing needier by the second. Between those big hands and that southern drawl, he is putty in the pastor's hands. He can talk the talk but once Benny gets a hold of him, Dean goes weak in the knees. Sure, he has a lot of partners but Benny...well, Benny is something else. 

 

"Get on your knees and pray for me, boy," Benny orders after another hard kiss. He pulls away roughly and watches Dean hastily strip off his remaining clothing while he takes his time fishing his own arousal from his slacks. 

 

Dean lowers himself to the floor, gnashing his teeth at the slight discomfort in his knees but remaining quiet while Benny gives himself a few generous pumps. Green eyes ignite with lust as precome pearls at the tip of the older man's cock with every thorough stroke. Rather than letting him taste it directly, the pastor swipes his thumb over his slit and gathers the sticky substance there before pressing the pad of his thumb to Dean's lips. 

 

It's not ideal but Dean sucks his thumb into his mouth instantly, wrapping his tongue around the single digit and humming at the musky flavor. 

 

Using his unoccupied hand, Benny gently ushers him forward and substitutes his thumb for his manhood a few moments later. The first touch of Dean's plump lips against his sensitive tip has Benny blowing out a concentrated breath and tightening his grip in the boy's short hair. "That's it," he coos, watching through half lidded eyes as Dean swallows him inch by inch until his nose is buried into the curly hairs at his base and his chin is pressed up against his sac.

 

"That's beautiful. Take that fat cock, boy," Benny encourages, keeping his voice just above a whisper. 

 

Dean shudders under the praise and holds himself there for a long while, barely giving himself time to adjust to the thick meat down his throat before trying to swallow against it. His eyes are watering from the pressure in no time but he keeps his gag reflex at bay even as saliva dribbles down his chin and neck. When he pulls off