him and Edgeworth wormed its way into his conscious mind, slowly eating away at him.

During the second-to-last weekend of April, word finally came in the form of Franziska von Karma ringing their doorbell Saturday evening.

***

It was about 7 PM when Miles carefully pressed the last small figure into place on the board housing the model of the Steel Samurai Mansion, which they had spray-painted green and decorated with a few additional generic landscaping features. He held on to the Pink Princess, masterfully painted by Blackquill with a steady hand, for a moment longer before letting go to ensure that the adhesive had begun to bond with her spot in the open corridor lining the enclosed courtyard of the square building.

“This is it – we’re finished.”

Blackquill inspected their handiwork for a long moment, the smile on his lips one of quiet satisfaction. Miles barely managed to stop staring and refocus on the model before he felt the other man’s gaze shift toward him.

Recently, it had appeared to him that his housemate had sent more looks in his direction, far more than had been necessary in most circumstances, but since he more often than not averted his own eyes quickly, concerned about being called on his own excessive amount of glances, he had had no way read the other man’s expression in a bid to find out what drove Blackquill to pay increased attention to him.

Within these four walls, we are friends. Outside of them, I am his superior. It doesn’t matter what I would like to interpret into his behavior, we can’t be anything else to each other.

Miles had recently received unofficial word from Justine Courtney, his friendly contact within the ranks of the PIC, that the council was close to reaching a final verdict regarding his nominations for the high prosecutor appointments. Deliberations had taken this long since a few of the members had been reticent to agree to promoting Gavin and Blackquill, given their checkered history. However, by now, it apparently began to look as though cooler heads were prevailing, pointing out his subordinates’ inarguably good trial records, as well as their appropriate reactions to their respective dilemmas: Gavin had aided Apollo Justice in revealing his brother as the killer in a second murder at the end of the jurist system pilot trial, and Blackquill had used his psychology training to ultimately bring his prey to justice, even if the last-minute renunciation of his initial confession as well as his willful perjury still stuck in some people’s craws.

Should the promotions come through sometime within the next few weeks, his housemate’s account would experience a greatly increased influx of funds almost immediately. Once this occurred, his goal of purchasing a home would come within his reach – and soon thereafter, he would be gone. Whenever he recalled this fact, Miles attempted to force his wayward emotions into a state of saddened resignation, only to be blindsided by all the memories they had made together in the last three months. Try as he might, he could not suppress the encroaching despair at the thought of seeing their interactions reduced to an occasional shared meal from the cafeteria during lunch periods, and perhaps the odd weekend evening visiting each other, always speaking that Blackquill consented to continuing their friendship.

It can’t be helped. He deserves to stand on his own two feet, and if that leads to our growing distant and professional with each other once more, that is how it’s meant to be. Perhaps that would even be for the best. He would never regret inviting the man into his home, nor allowing their closeness to grow to this degree, even if losing it would likely haunt him for a long time. Likewise, he would treasure every moment they had spent in each other’s company, but his housemate moving on had always been part of the plan.

Had the much-lauded poet Gibran not written once upon a time, “If you love somebody, let them go”…?

He only emerged from firmly reminding himself of his resolutions when his subordinate spoke up. “We have done this set the honor it deserved, if I do say so myself.”

Grateful for the distraction, Miles nodded in agreement. “Indeed we have – and we finished it in two thirds of the estimated build time, no less, thanks to your excellent painting skills.”

“I only contributed to about a quarter of the finished product at most,” Blackquill demurred in response. “Most of the credit belongs to you.”

“It will receive the best spot in my collection.” While he was tempted to once again insist that his subordinate’s work had made a great deal of difference, he knew that they would only become trapped in a feedback loop of downplaying their own skills in favor of praising the respective other’s – this promise was the best way for Miles to indicate how highly he thought of the finished product of their cooperation, and of the other man’s help in creating it, without descending into an exchange of platitudes.

“This calls for celebration, no?” His housemate asked rhetorically while rising from his spot on the couch. “I will return forthwith.”

Curious