back and tugging him closer, so close that Louis could feel every rippling muscle move against his quivering frame and, God, he was weak for this man.

"Lou.."

"Don't." Louis breathed and continued to kiss him, tugged on his hair with one hand and gripped his shirt with the other. "Just don't. Kiss me. Shut up and kiss me."

Harry complied... he wasn't exactly in the position to deny the request and Louis was eager to let the pain go for the night, to give in one more time before sending the man who tore him down completely out of his life forever.

Hands gripped his thighs and before he knew it, Louis was being carried with legs wrapped around Harry's waist to the messy bed that he practically sunk into when he was laid down. They kissed heavily, panting while clawing at each others clothes, Harry's shirt coming off first then Louis' sweats, shoes dropping to the carpeted ground with soft thuds. Louis wiggled from under Harry's body to take off his shirt and threw it to the side carelessly, reaching to pull the man closer to him again and lifted his head, lips attaching to his neck. He gripped Harry's long hair with both his hands and tugged hard as moans fell from him that sounded more like soft whimpers or cries than anything else, but he couldn't be bothered to care. All he wanted was to get this out of his system and never see Harry Styles again.

Louis found himself with his back flushed against Harry's chest, head lolled back against his shoulder and hands dragging down his torso, over his hips, and to his thighs. He shivered when nails scraped against the sensitive skin and sucked in a deep breath, biting down at his bottom lip and wincing as he felt the burn on his neck where Harry was sucking a mark onto his skin. He didn't care.. he couldn't care, not until he woke up tomorrow morning and regretting this ever happened. Cool fingers wrapped around his cock and he jerked forward into the feeling, mewls rolling from his tongue as he turned his head to kiss along Harry's strong jawline and down over his Adam's Apple, a deep groan erupting from the younger man. He loved when Harry was audible during sex.. fuck, it was one of things he was going to miss most.

"Off.." He moaned and pulled at Harry's jeans, popping open the button and unzipping them before moving away and watching as he kicked them off, letting them dangle off the side of the bed. Louis crawled closer to him and aligned their hard cocks, rubbing them together as he captured Harry's bottom lip into his mouth and sucked on it before tracing the flesh with the tip of his tongue. Harry's eyes fluttered close and his hands glided over Louis' ass, their hips grinding against each other and their cocks leaking simultaneously. Louis kissed down his torso, tongue flicking over one of the hard nubs on his way down, gripping Harry's cock and wasting no time as he sunk his mouth over the hard flesh and savoring every inch until it disappeared completely. He pulled off to take a deep breath and lick the throbbing vein that ran along the shaft, take the foreskin between his lips and tug teasingly sending Harry into a fit of moans that had his eyes shutting close and his hands rubbing the back of Louis' head. He kissed the wet tip, tongued at the slit, ran his hand down the full length of it appreciating the slight curve shape it took and shivering as he remembered how good it always felt inside of him.

After a few minutes, Louis pulled away and reached for a bag on his nightstand, pulling out a bottle of lube that he unintentionally had in his possession, but thankfully so since it was proven to be of use. He popped open the bottle and laid back against the pillows, pouring a nice amount onto his fingers and tossing the tube to Harry, spreading his legs and reaching down to rub the glop over his quivering hole. He moaned and leaned his head back, eyes lazy as they watched Harry, who was watching him, take the bottle and pour the liquid onto his cock and spread it around evenly, pushing back the foreskin and getting the tip of his dick nice and slick. When finished, he settled himself between Louis' legs and kissed him sweetly, too sweetly but he decided to let it slide.

"No prep," Louis demanded when he felt Harry's hand slide between them, their eyes locking intensely, breathing heavier. "Just fuck me, Haz.. fuck me so hard I forget.."

A guttural moan escaped the younger man's lips as large hands pressed against the inside of Louis' thighs, holding them steady as he pushed himself within the tight walls slowly, so tantalizingly slow. Louis writhed underneath him, gripping his arms and letting out whines with every inch that was buried inside of him, every inch of him burning and trembling and desperately wanting more. Harry bottomed out in no time and began to thrust