s words as he thanks her, and falls into step with Yancy as they start back towards the barracks. For a moment he can't determine whether they're keeping pace so perfectly because of their familiarity and boosted closeness, or if his brother's mind is controlling his step. He tries to break stride to find out and they both half stumble.

"Careful," Yancy murmurs, tightening his arm around Raleigh's waist. 'It'll be okay, we'll be okay.' 

Raleigh can feel the bravado in Yancy's reassurance, but it still comforts him. He'd probably be more worried if the concern wasn't shared. But they've always managed to take care of each other. They'll make it through as long as they're together. He feels agreement from Yancy, a flickering back and forth of emotions that happens instantly. He knows his brother's thoughts and feeling without words, he can understand everything perfectly, and it's closer to Yancy than he's ever felt in his life.

By the time they reach their room he's calmed considerably. Maybe it'll be easy enough to ride this out after all, to fall asleep with the familiar security of Yancy's mind touching his own. Drifting isn't so bad after all. He strips down to his tshirt and boxers and turns down the lights before curling up in bed, listening to Yancy's soft breathing on the bunk above him and enjoying the feedback of warmth and contentment.

'Would be easier to sleep if I could jerk off.' The unbidden thought flickers against their minds, and a soft wave of arousal washes over him.

As soon as he takes note it becomes more than a soft wave. He can't tell whether it originated from Yancy or himself, but now that the arousal has found purchase it's all he can think about. Knowing that Yancy feels it too makes it even stronger, and he can feel a wave of helplessness come from his brother as it strengthens again. Raleigh's hard in no time at all, cock hot and aching, stretching against the thin cotton of his boxers. He knows Yancy is too, he can feel it as acutely as his own erection, and part of him starts to panic. The feedback between them is vibrant and electric and destroys all hope of being able to think about anything else. There's no way he could ever jerk off with his brother awake in the bunk above him, let alone being able to know his mind, feel him.... How the hell is he supposed to take care of this with Yancy's mind still half connected?

"I'm going to shower," Yancy mutters, sliding off the top bunk and disappearing into the bathroom, the door sliding closed behind him. It's futile, of course, there's no way to break the connection between them now. But it gives the illusion of privacy, lets Raleigh pretend that he's not already curling his fingers around his cock just thinking about Yancy jerking off in the shower.

He can feel the heat of the shower against Yancy's skin, water hitting his chest and stomach and running down over the fist he's already closed around his cock. Raleigh bites his lip and pulls his t-shirt up to his armpits so that he can stroke his free hand over his chest and pinch a nipple.

'Oh god.' The thought that flickers against his own feels like a helpless moan, and before Raleigh can stop himself he's pinched it again, rolling it between his fingers and gasping aloud. He's doing it for Yancy, he's doing it because he wants to make his brother feel good, and he realizes that this is all kinds of wrong but that's not enough to stop. He rubs the pad of his thumb through the precum beading at the tip of his cock, a trembling moan leaving his lips and echoing the one he can just barely hear through the closed bathroom door.

Raleigh half expects to finish in no time, expects the strength of sensation will make him come hard and fast. Instead he finds that it's just twice as intense, feeling Yancy's pleasure in tandem with his own. As the pleasure builds he can't think about anything but Yancy; any attempt to bring to mind the sultry blondes and sassy brunettes that are the staples of his spank bank is quickly eclipsed by the feedback from his brother. He feels Yancy leaning heavily back against the tile, stroking himself from root to tip with practiced rhythm, fingers curling and sliding over his sensitive skin. The knowledge that Raleigh can feel him is definitely there; in fact, he accepts it. Welcomes Raleigh's presence and pleasure both.

'It'll be okay,' comes the thought again, and Raleigh acknowledges it. They will be. Of course they will. After everything they've been through it'll take more than this to drive them apart. He knows that Yancy will always take care of him, but when that thought flickers across