’s on Saturday at 5pm. We can get dinner afterwards too, if you want ^-^


 

Haru stares absentmindedly at the text, trying to think of any way that he could possibly get out of doing this. It seems like such a pain. He doesn’t want to go see a movie. And where in the world did Makoto get two free tickets like that? What sort of friends does he have?!

Before he can make up some lame excuse about studying for exams (everyone knows they were all done last week) he thinks that maybe this won’t be such a bad idea. He likes Makoto after all, so he doesn’t really mind spending a boring Saturday evening with him.

 


To: Makoto



Sure.



Sent!


 

He hopes he won’t regret his decision.

 

 

 

Haru spends the first ten minutes of the movie trying to decipher if Makoto is scared of speeding cars, loud noises, or blood.

He gets it when Makoto lets out a particularly terrified squeak into his hands – it’s probably a mixture of all three right now but Haru can tell that he hates seeing blood.

“Here.”

Makoto tears his eyes off where he’s pointedly staring at his hands, pausing to look at the sweater that’s being held out to him before searching Haru’s eyes for some sort of explanation.

Haru sighs and looks away. “You can use it to cover your face if you need.”

Except that he doesn’t really know why he’s offering Makoto a sweater when he could get the job done just by using his hands but it’s too late to take back the offer, now that Makoto’s reaching for it.

“Thank you Haru, you’re really great.”

And for the next hour and a half, Haru purposely presses his entire arm to Makoto’s with the strongest urge to protect him that came from absolutely nowhere. But Haru isn’t complaining. He quite enjoys the warmth that comes with it.

When Haru returns home that night, he idly wonders why his sweater smells so nice before setting it on his chair.

 

 

 


“Please fasten your seatbelts, set your seats upright, and fasten your tray tables. We will be landing shortly. Thank you.”


Haru leans his head on his palm, staring out the window as the plane descends lower and lower. His parents had paid for a flight back to Iwatobi so that he wouldn’t have to sit in the train for almost seven hours but Haru doesn’t like the smell of the plane. It makes him feel sick, but at least he’s going to be home in less than an hour.

His parents greet him at the door, enthusiastically ushering him in with hugs and endearments. Haru’s not really used to all this fussing over him, considering the fact that his parents had been away in Kyoto ever since he was 12 with the occasional drop by to give him presents and see how he was doing.

Not that he’s finding fault in them, he just doesn’t know what to do. And the only thing he can find comfort in right now is that they’re only going to be here for five days.

“Aww, look how much you’ve grown! I still remember when you were a baby and used to wander to the bathtub when no one was looking.”

“How’s university?”

“How’re you finding things in Tokyo? It’s huge, isn’t it!”

Haru is very quickly overwhelmed, excusing himself to the bathroom as his parents rush around the kitchen preparing their first family dinner in ages. He takes deep breaths and sighs. If only Makoto were here to do the talking for him…

Dinner is far from a quiet affair, and Haru is once again bombarded with questions and exclamations from both his parents. They’re both so loud and cheerful, Haru doesn’t quite know where he got his quiet demeanour from.

“So, do you have a girlfriend?”

Haru doesn’t know why Makoto flashes through his mind but it’s gone in an instant and Haru rolls his eyes and continues eating.

 

When Haru settles into his bed that night, he feels a little cold in his loose shirt and sweatpants. He reaches for his sweater and wrinkles his nose. It smells like plane, and Haru really doesn’t like the smell of planes but he’s cold and he’d rather sit on a plane for six hours than keep waking up in the middle of the night to readjust his blanket.

He starts to drift off to sleep after getting used to the dull stench, which slowly melds into something sweeter. Haru buries his nose into the neck of his sweater, finding the subtle aroma comforting before he realises.

It’s Makoto’s smell.

Haru’s not really surprised that a guy like him would smell nice too. With a great personality probably comes a great scent. Haru almost kicks himself for such a strange ridiculous thought but then again it is past his usual bed time and he’s really out of it right now.

That night he dreams