conscious when the best thing he could do was to try and run him to the hospital. He picked him up carefully and remembered he parked his jeep not too far from here. He more so jogged trying to be sensitive to the state of the boy he was carrying, but going as fast as could.
"Isaac? buddy?" Stiles was still trying to see if he could get a reply.
"You're going to be ok. I'm gonna get you somewhere where they can help you
I promise. You're going to be ok dude" Stiles was worried. He was afraid Isaac might die in his arms before he got him to the destination. 

-No, i won't let that happen-
He finally reached his jeep and softly slid Isaac into the back seat, laying him down gently. He tuned in and listened to his breathing and heart rate, hearing them both continue he kept hope. Stiles got into the front and hurriedly put his keys into the ignition. He heard a cough from behind him which sounded more like choking on something. He looked back and saw Isaac coughing up blood on to his just cleaned seats.
-Aww man-
"Isaac, hey, can you hear me?" He inquired with even more worry in his voice. Isaac lifted his right eyelid slightly, his eyes were swollen and badly bruised.
"S..sti..stiles?" Isaac spoke out through the blood he was coughing on.
"Yea, hey buddy. Listen i'm getting you to the hospital, ok?" Isaac shuffled and tried to speak more, but the most that came out were groans of pain. Stiles almost cried at the sight, he reached back and pulled into him some of Isaac's pain. Isaac reacted slightly to his touch but wasn't aware of what Stiles was doing.
"No.. don't.. don't worry about me." Isaac's voice sounding weak and like he didn't want the help. Right after those words Stiles saw his head fall back down and figured he lost consciousness again. He pulled the car out and hit the gas as hard as he could, checking his review mirror to see if it didn't shake Isaac too bad.


He got him into the hospital for what seemed like hours later. Scott's mom, Nurse MCcall as she was known here, ran up to him.
"let's get him on the stretcher, hurry!" She called out for more help from other doctors trying to rush the boy into the E.R.
Stiles waited and waited, forgetting he had chores and homework to do the next morning. It was almost 5 am and the sun was barely starting to peak out when the nurse came to tell him the update.
"He's going to be ok." She told Stiles in a low and comforting voice.
Stiles who had is hands on his head and his face to the floor looked up with relief written all over his face. She smiled warmly at him.
"Can i see him?"
"Well he is still in pretty bad shape right now, so we won't allow anyone in except immediate family."
Stiles looked very disappointed at this but nodded anyway.
"You are welcome to stay as long as you want, and if there is anything you need just let us know ok?"
Stiles nodded again and the nurse walked off and down the hall. He finally thought about his Dad and if he would be wondering where he is by now. He pulled his phone out and checked through the messages.

{6 unread messages.
5 missed calls}

2 of the texts were from Scott wondering if they were going to hang out today, and all the rest was from his dad. He decided to call his dad back letting out a big sigh.

"Stiles where the HELL are you?"
"I'm in the hospital Dad-" And just before he could finish..

"What?! Are you ok? What happened? Why are you there? What's going on?" Now with a tone of worry in his voice.
"No, Dad, I'm fine! Don't worry. One of my friends. i found him in the woods and he was badly beat up.
I brought him here. But i think some one did this to him... Dad we have to find out who did this."
Stiles thought more about what he had just said, wondering why he was so concerned for Isaac.
"Woah, Stiles, calm down. Who did you find?"
"A boy from school, his name is Isaac Lahey."
"Hmm..." His dad remembered talking to him and his father one day. Noticing a bruise on his left eye.
"What? What is it? Do you know something?"
"Well, no, it's just that i think i've talked to that kid before. I noticed he had a black-eye."
"Yeah he always comes to school with something on him"
"Well listen son, we can't do much about it right now. Why don't you