at him now, composed again, the girlish face taut, and her gaze intent.

"I can't. I'm sorry. I can't. And it's not you."

A slight shrugging of her shoulders.

"Jo, your mom would kill me. Really."

"I don't think so, Dean. And if that's going to be what you hang this on, it's weak. She wants me to be happy. I could be happy with you." She paused. "I could make you happy if you would let me...let someone."

He bit the inside of his cheek, mulling. Some part of him could imagine it, the female body, the female embrace, forgetting himself in her arms, finding a solace that could be stolen from her. He shook his head. "I'm happy, Jo. I am." He held up a hand. "Obviously I'm coming across like a miserable brooding bastard..."

She cut him off. "No, that would be Sam."

He smiled, nodding, finishing the beer, reaching for the second, thinking about Sam. His secret, their secret. Sam who seemed so transparent, the quintessential heart-on-the-sleeve-wearing sensitive fool.  But he wasn't, he wasn't any of the things he projected or conveyed and let them all be damned if they would ever know the things Dean knew about Sam. The sharp ache of his hip bones, the span of his shoulders, the length of his thigh, the slack fall of his mouth, the close of his eyes, the press of his forehead, the weight of his head, the shape of his teeth. The things told only to him.

Dean exhaled. "Yeah, well. He might seem miserable, but he's happier than he lets on."

She nodded, one arched brow expressing serious doubt. "Okay. Good for him. But it's you I want to make happy. You, Dean." She leaned forward and he had to steel himself from leaning away. "Why won't you let me? Why not let me?"

After a long moment, she sat back in her chair, defeated.

His eyes were clear and bright, a thought churning inside his brain, tentatively his tongue traced the bow of his lip. To speak it out loud, even vaguely, to put it out to the universe, to feel the weight of the words in his mouth. He leaned towards her, into the admission. "Jo, I'm in love with someone."

Her mouth gaped, then snapped shut. Her eyes narrowed to suspicious slits. "Who?" she demanded. Then dropped her gaze. "I'm sorry. It's none of my business. I didn't know though. God, I'm so sorry." She was up on her feet, brushing at the front of her jeans, tugging at the hem of her tank.

He reached up and pulled her back down to the chair. She sat heavily. "How could you know? No one does. But that's the way it is and it's not going to change."

In an uncharacteristic gesture, she had covered her mouth with her hand. "I'm sorry, that's terrible."

He frowned. "What do you mean?"

She looked confused. "That you're in love with someone you can't be with, that you have to find a way to fit that into your life, that you can't just settle down, stay put...a regular couple...."

He rubbed his hand over his eyes, he had already said too much, way too much. "It's not like that. Exactly."

Her wet eyes were trained on him, again, questioning, wanting to be told, to understand.

He stood. "C'mere." He reached down with both hands and she lay her own into his. He pulled her up and into his arms and held her tightly. "I want you to believe me when I tell you that I am happy. That things are okay for me. That I am in love and, Jo, that I am loved. I wouldn't make this up, okay? If it was about you, I would tell you. It's not."

She was holding him close; he could feel the bone thin curves of her, the strength in her arms. He allowed her to hold him tight. Finally, he dropped his hands and the moment she released him he stepped away. "Hey, I appreciate your interest and your concern. More than I think I'm letting on. I'm flattered. You're a serious babe and you're smart and funny. It's the lucky sonofabitch who settles down with you."

A throat was cleared behind him and Dean startled inside his skin, feeling the familiar timbre in every nerve ending.

He watched Jo's gaze flick over his shoulder, then her brows