boy’s thick lashes.

Cas. He mumbled and wanted so much to reach out and caress the boy’s cheek. His hand twitched where it rested against his stomach.

You have freckles. Cas deadpanned and now it was Dean’s turn to blink owlishly.

Where’s Sam? he managed after too long a while and Cas straightened and removed his hand from Dean’s shoulder. Dean didn’t know if he was relieved or not.

He wanted to show me a movie. He’s in the kitchen making popcorn. Cas sat back on the coffee table when Dean sat up to rub his eyes. Do you want to join?

What movie? Dean asked to try and not sound like he would like nothing more than to snuggle up on the couch with Cas on his chest.

Star Wars. Cas answered but then frowned. But I don’t get it, he said we’d start with number four, shouldn’t it be number one?

It was so goddamn adorable how the whole Star Wars franchise completely had bypassed Cas that Dean could do nothing but smile at the kid and reach over to ruffle his hair. At least that was the plan. That he ended up caressing the boy’s head was a whole different matter.

Not it this case babe. He said affectionately but his throat constricted when he realized he’d used an endearment for the boy even in this normal setting. And judging by the way Cas was beaming at him he didn’t seem to mind. That was so fucking dangerous that Dean’s stomach dropped, making him nauseated enough to have to exit the room when Sam entered with the popcorns.

Hey, are you joining us?! Sam called after Dean’s retreating back and Dean couldn’t for the life of him say no.

Beer. He called back and took a moment when he had plucked a can out of the fridge to rest it against his forehead, letting the cold seep in and calm him.








*****


As the movie progressed Sam got more and more sleepy and Dean could see him on the other end of the couch, first leaning against the armrest and then starting to slide down. Poor kid was probably exhausted after a long day at school and then all that playing around. But he sure loved spending time with Cas so Dean suspected Sam didn’t want to let something as trivial as sleep get in the way of that. It was cute, though, watching the kid try to stay awake.

Cas, however, was a whole different story. The boy was so invested in the movie that his eyes never left the screen. It stayed glued to it from the moment the introduction stopped rolling and Dean couldn’t help watching Cas more than the movie. The boy bobbed his head from side to side when the starships flew by and he giggled to no end when Obi-Wan tricked the guards using the force. When they blew up Alderaan he squeaked and hid against Dean’s side and Dean let him.

When they got to the scene in the garbage room Sammy had already fallen asleep. Cas was so enthralled that he didn’t even notice. He sat with his legs pulled up, his chin resting on his knees and pressed up against Dean. He was gnawing his bottom lip while he watched and Dean had casually let his arm slide down to rest around Cas’ neck.

When the first ripple showed in the water Cas gasped and covered his eyes. There’s something in there. He exclaimed, almost as if he could warn them and when the gang discovered it too he removed his hands from his eyes. He swallowed and when the struggle got real he hid his face in Dean’s armpit instead. No, they’re gonna die. He all but whined and Dean laughed softly.

No they’re not. Dean proclaimed but of course Cas looked up in time to see the walls start sliding closer and closer.

They’re getting squished! he said accusingly, as if it was Dean’s fault and hid again.

Dean couldn’t fucking resist anymore. He draped his arm around Cas’ little form and pulled him closer. Cas snuggled up so easily that Dean should have been worried but all his did was put his nose in Cas’ hair and inhale.

Look at the movie Cas. He mumbled amusedly but Cas shook his head, his hands now gripping Dean’s sweater.


No, they’re gonna die. The thing in the water is going to eat them.


Personally Dean thought that the threat of getting crushed to death was more imminent but he refrained from saying anything. Instead he gently tilted Cas’ head up in time to see R2D2 overriding the system and saving the whole lot of them.

Cas gasped in shock. He’s the real hero. He proclaimed when the gang was safely back in the Millennium Falcon. R2D2 never asks for anything and helps them all the time. They would be dead without him.

Dean smiled affectionately at the boy. You do know it’s a robot?

Cas turned his incredibly blue eyes at Dean and Dean thought his