s what he meant. Surely he meant she’s a feminist?

                Or so I thought. It seems she has Lord von Voltaire struggling on some strange contraption table, and now she’s approaching him from behind with a suspicious device—

                Femme fatale, indeed. It seems I misjudged Lord von Voltaire, but like I always say, real men know when to give in. I won’t regard him any lesser than I did before witnessing this incident, no, I won’t. Definitely not.

                I watch them in earnest for a while longer before it occurs to me this isn’t particularly morally upright behavior.

                “Peeking is a very bad thing!”

                --I can almost hear Shibuya scolding me already. On the other hand, another deep voice is chuckling and commending me for my sneaking prowess. He really is a bad influence, that man.

                Quietly I traipse away from that forbidden wing, only breathing when I’m absolutely sure I’m out of range.

                I’m not too sure what the infamous Poison Lady would do if she discovered me spying on her labs. It’d be best to make a favorable first impression on her—maybe I should read more of her books and introduce myself as a fan?

                I’m still considering it as I wander down the corridors, then another familiar voice stops me with something akin to very mild PTSD.

                It’s that Lord von Christ—the leaky bishie. Except he’s sounding surprisingly serious right now… I wonder, what secret does he have?

                High on the thrill of spying, I sneak up on the slightly open door.

                Ah, he’s wearing glasses perched on his nose, and holding a stick to a blackboard. Shibuya did mention he’s the education minister, which means he’s a high class teacher. Looking at him now, he does fit the part. I bet he’s the kind of teacher that gets tons of chocolates and love letters on his table every Valentine’s Day, and could one day be accused of having an immodest relationship with his student.

                …Well, since his student is usually Shibuya, I imagine he would want to go as immodest as possible, though there’s a high chance of him being fired by his boss if he tries it. But wait, Shibuya is his boss too—does that make him something like a secretary? Like the homewreckers from those evening dramas Miko-san is always trying to get me to watch?

                I wonder, should I warn Lord von Bielefeld about this? Picturing Shibuya’s face as he gets yet another lecture from his feisty fiancé almost gets a chuckle out of me, then I remember I’m supposed to be spying on this lesson.

                Shibuya should still be doing his morning training with Lord Weller, so the one having classes now is—a little girl?

                The girl with red-brown hair and large eyes looks away from her teacher from one second and our gazes meet. She blinks, then smiles mischievously, winking as she puts her finger on her lips. Just as her teacher turns around, however, she raises her hand and asks, the perfect image of the perfect student,

                “Oh, Günter, what does this part mean?”

                While she has Lord von Christ distracted, I slip away, my cheeks feeling distinctly flushed. Great, now what will she think of me? Like some creepy uncle, sneaking around and spying on her class? Ahh, I really don’t want to leave a bad impression on Shibuya’s daughter—though Shibuya, is it really okay that your daughter acts more mature than you or your fiancé?

                It’s kinda nostalgic, sitting in classes like that. Sure feels like forever since I went to school. Rather ironic, too, that I’d be the one walking aimlessly down the corridors during class hours. Is this my belated rebellious period?

                Hm, the sun’s pretty high up now. I should start looking for Shibuya again, or he’ll get worried.

                Problem is, this place really is bigger than I remember. And all the corridors look the same—I turn into one courtyard, positive that I had found the right place this time, only to see a lot more people than just Lord Weller and Shibuya.

                A pretty lady officer is training a small troop of guards—I remember seeing her after Shibuya picked me up in Seisakoku. If I recall correctly, she’s a healer, even though she couldn’t really heal me on shinzoku land that time. More surprisingly, she’s Lord von Christ’s daughter.

                Hmm, is it a trend for children to be more capable than their parents here now? I remember Lady Cherie, and feel even more certain of my hypothesis.

                There are quite a few familiar faces in the ranks she’s training, and an even more familiar shiny head.

                It’s this eye-catching soldier that notices me first.

                “Ah, Your Eminence!”

                I wave with a smile, and Lady Gisela nods in acknowledgment. What an impressive woman—she holds her back