how it had happened honestly but somehow he and Aoyagi had ended up not only on a spacer crew but on one of the best spacer crews. Honestly he figured it was in large part due to the fact that Tadokoro was one of the leaders of the crew. Tadokoro had taken the two of them under his wing only a few days into the training. After training and several shifts into different places they’d ended up on the ship Sohuko. Tadokoro had just grinned at them and shown them where they’d be bunking while on ground and on ship.

It had basically been all uphill since that. A proper crew formed around their Capitan Kinjou faster than Teshima would have thought possible. It took even less time for the rivalry between Sohuko and Hakogaku to form and as soon as that happened the press got involved. Kinjou dealt with the brunt of the press along with the captain of Hakogaku but quite a few of the others got cornered as well. Though to be fair most of them didn’t seem very intent on staying out of the press. The only ones who even attempted to evade the press other than Teshima himself were Aoyagi and Onoda. Luckily their much louder crew members usually provided ample distraction for the press. In fact the only thing the press knew about he and Aoyagi was that they existed, sort of. Most papers disagreed on whether T2 was one or two people, what they looked like, and where they’d come from. Which was fine by them.

 “Junta.” Teshima started at looked up at Aoyagi from where he was leaning against one of the practice buildings. From the sound of his voice, and the look on his face Teshima instantly knew Aoyagi had been trying to get his attention for a while now.

 “Sorry Hajime.” He said quietly standing up when Aoyagi offered him a hand. “I was thinking about how we got here.”

Aoyagi’s shoulders twitched and he gestured to the building. practice he seemed to say and Teshima could hear the quite criticism too which is what we should be doing now. 

“You’re right of course as usual” Teshima nodded and stretched. They were only on the ground for a week this time but that we more than long enough to get out of shape if they didn’t practice enough. “Let’s go then.”

Aoyagi smiled obviously pleased as he followed Teshima into the building. They grabbed practice weapons and settled into stances facing each other. Most of the time they were just normal and that was how their training started. Just going through the basics. The fundamentals were the most important part of the T2 attack strategy. It had been with Tadokoro’s help that they’d come up with and then perfected their attack patterns. There was nothing particularly special about what they did. The part that caught everyone off guard was that they moved, and even breathed completely in sync. The fact that they got faster the longer they were in sync helped as well.

They didn’t spar long before other folk started to gather, mostly newer Hakogaku members. Presumably they’d been intending to practice as well but got distracted by T2’s sparing. Truth was that they were almost always synced, even when sparing. Which meant that after ten minutes or so they started sparing very fast.  Neither one ever landed a hit they were so perfectly matched. 

 “Okay enough gawking. Now you know one of the reasons this is our rival team, though you still haven’t met Maki-chan.” Teshima heard Toudou’s voice faintly as though he was much further away than he was. He was completely focused on Aoyagi.

Shortly after that the two of them slowed and then stopped sparing. They were both tired and the room was gaining more and more people as Hakogaku came in to train. The two of them shared a base due to several reasons. The big two being that Haogaku had so many crew members that they couldn’t share a base with anyone else and the other reason being that the close proximity kept the rivalry alive even when they weren’t in space. Teshima had to give his superiors a nod of approval for that one, most of both teams preformed better when competing with someone.

Once back in the bunks, and after a quick but large meal, Teshima and Aoyagi retired to their room for a while. They started out trying diligently to get finished the paperwork they were supposed to do while on ground but quickly gave up. After not to long they found themselves on Teshima’s bed. Aoyagi playing a handheld game and laying in Teshima’s lap while he played with Aoyagi’s hair.

This was one of the things Teshima loved about being on the ground. The quiet moments were calm. He could just enjoy Aoyagi’s company.

 “Love you.” The words were so quiet he almost missed them but when he looked down at Aoyagi the other was looking up at him with soft eyes and a gentle smile. “Junta.” 

 “I love you too Hajime.” Teshima said quietly returning the soft look which only softened more as Aoyagi leaned up and pressed a kiss to his cheek