from the compassionate gesture. Why was Dorian the one flinching away from him, surely it should be the other way around?

“Dorian please.” Enderan says, ignoring the man’s defensive posture as he stands from their bedroll and holds the man in a tight hug. “This was not your fault. Your father cast blood magic on you, you had no control over yourself.” He mutters soothingly into Dorians hair.

Dorian tries to push away but Enderan tightens his grip, keeping the man firmly held against his chest.

“We will go and see the woman tomorrow, and I will be at your side the entire time. No one else has to know about what happened.” He continues.

Dorian pushes himself away from Enderan once more and the man gives in and lets Dorian slide from his grip.

“How can you be so calm about all of this?”

“Dorian it doesn’t take an idiot to see that this wasn’t your fault. You didn’t rape that woman,” He says, moving forward to grab Dorian roughly by the shoulders, “your father did.”

“Oh, you are glorious! You really like to believe the best in people don’t you?” Dorian says, looking at the man with harrowed disbelief.

“I am a good judge of character.” Enderan replies without a beat.

“Or just incredibly naïve?” Dorian says shaking his head.

“Okay maybe I am naïve.” Enderan admits, holding up his hands, “But can you honestly say that you had any ounce of control on that night?”

“I-“ Dorian says, suddenly lost for words.

“Is the mighty Altus finally lost for words?”

“Don’t be an arse.” Dorian replies, catching Enderan’s eye and immediately regretting it. The man had an incredible affinity for persuasion, almost magical and Dorian could feel himself believing Enderan’s words. It was true, the spell had surrounded him like a haze, blocking any form of self control and rational thought. It had also been his father who had cast the spell, and not just any spell. Blood magic. But blaming a dead man was the cowards way out.

“You have to believe me Dorian, I truly believe it was your father, and not you, who raped that woman.”

“I think I would remember if my father had been there during all of… that.” Dorian says quietly and Enderan lets out a soft chuckle as he takes hold of Dorian’s hands.

“Probably,” He whispers, “but he was in control of your body, so technically it was him.”

Dorian snorts and pulls his hand free and sits down on his bedroll and Enderan follows, sitting down quietly beside him.

Dorian’s mind is on the verge of bubbling over, why is Enderan so accepting? Enderan has a sister, two sisters! Yet not only does he not hate him, but he also doesn’t blame him. Dorian watches him out of the corner of his eyes as the man slowly unbuckles the clasps on his gauntlets filling the inside of the tent with the familiar green glow. Dorian feels a fond warm feeling build in his chest as the man turns to face him once again, reaching out for his hand again.

“You are one of the most amazing people I have ever met Dorian. Though you like to hide it behind this grand bravado,”

Dorian interrupts him with a loud scoff as he rolls his eyes and Enderan laughs, playfully pushing him.

“I’m trying to say something nice, so don’t be an arse.” He says before continuing “Anyway, as I was saying, you are kind and caring behind all of this bravado, and I know that it would take something incredibly powerful to force you to do something like that. You are strong, but you shouldn’t blame yourself for this.”

Dorian shifts awkwardly on the bedroll, quips and insults he can deal with but compliments? They are much harder for him to handle.

“You thought I would hate you?” Enderan says, his voice making it sound like a question when in reality he already knows the answer. He had seen it in Dorian’s eyes the moment he had stepped into the tent. “I don’t hate you. I’m a little Hurt, maybe. But that’s more because you never told me. I tried to convince you to forgive your father for maker’s sake. If I had known what he had done when we went to Redcliffe then, I don’t know, I probably would have given you permission to set him on fire or something.”

Dorian opens his mouth to make a witty retort but comes up short and closes his mouth again like a clueless goldfish before sighing loudly and dropping his head into his hands. He had hated seeing his father again, that was true, but he had needed that meeting more than he thought he did. He doesn’t know why, but deep down he still loves his father, he’s not upset that he is dead, but he still loves him.

“I’m sorry