break.” Victor shook his head in acknowledgement at Chris. While Yakov had been vacationing with him over break, Georgi had decided to go to a public rink on his own. He was with Yakov when Georgi’s parents had called to tell them he’d taken a spill on the uneven ice. 

 

     “Yeah, cause no pressure or anything,” Victor laughed. At this point they’d made it up the steps and pushed open the front doors to the school. 

 

     Down the hall Yuri Plisetsky and JJ Leroy split the masses of students like the Red Sea.   “Oh, watch out!” One kid called, “he bites!” Yuri was not loved by the student body, who flinched at his glare. He was iconic for having an attitude, getting what he wanted, and the seemingly uncharacteristic love he had for musical theatre. Although he did have his following, Yuri was popular for his good looks and talent; not for his approachability or kindness. The only person who seemed to look past all of that was his adopted brother JJ, who was always found by Yuri’s side. 

 

     “The ice princess has returned from her stunning debut!” Chris joked, elbowing Victor. “How do you think Yurio spent his break?”

 

     “Uh, I don’t know?” Victor watched as Yuri and JJ walked past them.

 

     “Probably shopping for mirrors.” Chris cracked, and the skaters broke out in laughter and ohhhhs! Across the hall Phichit closed his locker and rolled his eyes. The skating team could be the equivalent of wild animals. 

 

——————

 

     Meanwhile on the other side of the school, Yuuri and his mom walked beside the principal. Yuuri grabbed his stomach and mumbled, "I think I'm going to be sick..."

 

     "You always think you're going to be sick on the first day at a new school. You're going to do fine! And we'll be staying here until you graduate this time, remember?" His mom patted his shoulder and gave an assuring smile. 

 

     "You have outstanding grades, Yuuri, I'm sure you'll fit in perfectly here with our IB diploma students. We also have an array of AP electives that you may find interesting...." The principal's words were drowned out by the buzzing in Yuuri's brain. His thoughts were moving too fast, and he could feel his chest tighten. 

 

     "I just-" Yuuri blurted without realizing, "don't want to be the freaky genius guy again." He looked defeated and clearly anxiety ridden. 

 

     Yuuri's mom rested her hands on his shoulders and squeezed them, "Just be yourself. Just be Yuuri."

 

     "Alright, I'll show Yuuri to class now, Mrs. Katsuki." The principal didn't even miss a beat. Yuuri smiled weakly at his mom before following the principal off down the hallway. 

 

——————

 

     Homeroom was unnecessarily loud and full of chatter as usual. Mrs. Baranovskaya

 was sitting at the front of the classroom with hair tight in a bun per usual and reading glasses at the tip of her nose per usual. Behind her head on a chalk board was written: Just call me Mrs. B, you’ll butcher my name anyway. In her bony hand was a thick stack of papers. Since Mrs. B happened to be the theatre sponsor, Victor could bet that she was reading the script for the spring play. 

 

     "Victor, Victor!" 

 

     "Hey, bro, how was your break?" 

 

     "Crazy about all that snow, right?" 

 

     "Oh, yeah. That was weird," Victor turned around to talk to his classmates, of only one he really knew personally. Due to Victor's unusual appearance and the fact that he was foreign, which all American girls love, he was relatively popular in school. Almost Yuri popular, except for opposite reasons of course. He had lots of friends - but Chris was the only one he'd actually ever trust with anything secret - and participated in lots of extra-curricular activities. Colleges were already scouting him for his skating abilities. His life was simple; his future path was guaranteed. 

 

     When the door squeaked open, Victor didn't turn around. He kept talking to the people behind him. "Oh man, do you even remember a couple nights ago..." Chris joined in the conversation, but his words were drowned out by the voice Victor heard at the front of the room. It sounded familiar, but he couldn't place it with all the other noise going on. 

 

     Victor tuned back in. "Sorry, I don't remember that. All I remember is you had a lighter...." He looked over as someone passed his shoulder. Black hair was all he could see until they turned around and sat two seats back. It was Yuuri. From New Years. Who he'd met in a ski lodge. And kissed almost immediately after they met. 

 

     "Victor!" Called a voice, and his eyes shot upward. Yuri stood in front of him, smiling cute-like and waving, "Hi!"

 

     "Hey," Victor was clearly uninterested and tried to peak around the