. It could happen. My point is that Lance decided pretty early on what he wanted to do and absolutely refused to let anything get in the way of that. He didn’t care if someone else could do it better or had more natural talent or ability. He just made up his mind and fought for it.”

“To be a pilot”.

“Yep.”

“Okay, I get that. I think. But what does that have to do with driving me crazy? Why not you or Pidge or Shiro?” One hand came up and made some sort of aborted gesture before it fell back to his side. “Okay, not Shiro. But seriously, you’re close. How did you get him to stop?”

Hunk hummed in thought. “I didn’t have to get him to stop because our relationship was never like that, and Pidge just ignores him when he’s irritating and he backs off because I’m pretty sure Pidge is vindictive enough to destroy someone’s life if provoked. Honestly, I’ve never seen him react to anyone the way he reacts to you, so I don’t have easy words of advice for you there. He’s just always been focused on you, even back at the Garrison. Sometimes he drove me kind of crazy.” 

Keith rubbed viciously at his eyes and groaned. ‘Great, join the club. I still don’t get why me, though.”

Because he’s like a little boy on the playground pulling the pigtails of the girl he likes because he’s too far in denial to come up with a better plan? Hunk didn’t say, because he was a better friend than that even if he was sure if was 50% true. Instead, he opted for the other 50% of the explanation because maybe sympathy was actually the best option. “You’re a better pilot than he is.”

Keith made a frustrated noise again. Hunk dropped his tone down to soothing to stall the meltdown that he could feel coming. “It’s a challenge thing. It’s part of what drives him. Pidge has laser focus, I like to put things together, Lance thrives on challenges. It’s not that he wants to be better than you…”

He stopped as Keith dropped his hands to stare at him and replayed the words he’d just said. “Okay, he probably totally does, because he’s Lance, but that’s not the point. The point is that you challenge him and push him and he can’t back down from a challenge, especially if it’s aimed towards something he cares about. And you’re just so effortlessly better at this than him that it drives him crazy.”

“But that doesn’t make sense! I’m not better than him at everything! He’s a better sniper than I’ll ever be and I’m pretty sure he’s picked up more Altean and probably more of other languages than any of us and his bond with Blue is ridiculous!”

“I know.” Hunk was hoping his tone was still soothing and didn’t sound like he was trying not to laugh, because that wasn’t exactly an off the cuff sort of comment. Those comparisons had required thought. “It goes back to the challenge thing. He tends to ignore things he can do easily because they’re not challenging. It’s not that they’re not important, they just don’t drive him. You could make them a challenge, I guess, try to distract him, but honestly he’d probably lose interest pretty fast.” Hunk sighed at the look of defeat on Keith’s face. “Look, if it helps you’re making him a better pilot faster than a year of lessons at the Garrison managed.”

“No one was shooting at us at the Garrison!”

“Point.”

Keith closed his eyes and Hunk gave him a minute to think. His mind had already started to drift back to the issue with Yellow’s guidance system and a way to direct flows through worm holes when Keith’s soft voice startled him back to the present.

“We just got into a fight about whether pineapple was an acceptable pizza topping. An actual fight. What the hell?”

Hunk didn’t even fight the grin. “Interesting. Which side did you take?”

“Against. Obviously.”

“Uh-huh.” Hunk regarded him speculatively. Keith looked a bit calmer if no less frustrated. Maybe it was time to let the other shoe drop. “And you fought with him about this why?”

“Because pizza, Hunk!” Keith sat up and stared at him with something approaching horror.

“No, whatever. I get the pizza thing. I mean why fight with him? Why not walk away?”

“I…” Keith sighed. “I honestly don’t know. He just… He says things and I can’t let it go.” His voice dropped, almost like he was talking to himself, which maybe he kind of was. “He gets