the desk droned in a bored tone. “Names, please.”

“Freddy,” Dean responded before John could take the lead, and John was going to kill him if he said his last name was “Mercury.” “Freddy Jones.” Oh. John decided to go with the theme, even if he was stuck with a terrible alias.

“Norville Rogers,” he told the attendant. The man snickered to himself as he wrote their names in the ledger.

They were handed a pamphlet with a schedule of discussion groups, other activities, and meal times and a key to a cabin.

“Scooby-Doo?” John asked as they hauled their bags from the car.

“What?” Dean asked innocently. “I wanted to go with something they probably wouldn’t recognize. Besides, we’re here to solve a mystery!”

***

They decided to stick together at dinner, in order to cement the impression that they were indeed a couple. They received a lot of odd, searching looks, and John began to wonder if his decision to play down the whole gay thing was backfiring. It wasn’t until Dean wandered off to the dessert buffet for some pie that another man leaned in and said something.

“How’d a fella like yourself land that sweet little number?” the man asked, eyes on Dean’s retreating backside and ignoring the perturbed expression of his own partner. 

John could admit that his son was an attractive man, but he was still his baby boy. He very much wanted to tell this creep to keep his distance from the “sweet little number” that happened to be his son, but that would ruin it. His expression must have made his displeasure known, however.

The same guy whistled and backed up again. “Possessive, eh? Lucky kid...” There were murmurs of agreement from others at the table. 

Dean returned with not one, but three pieces of pie. At least he offered one to his father and fake lover.

“Why’s everybody so quiet?” Dean asked around a mouthful of banana cream.

“So,” the partner of the jerk with the wandering eye asked Dean directly, “how did you two meet?”

“Work,” Dean replied. John approved. Lacing their story with just enough truth would sell it better than an elaborate lie.

“Have you been together long?” the rather nosy man pressed.

“Sure feels like I’ve known him my whole life,” Dean answered with a grin. “Why do you ask?”

The other man shrugged. “I guess you just don’t seem that physically affectionate. More like good friends.”

“What’s wrong with being friends with your partner?” John groused. He scooted a little closer to Dean, but he wasn’t going to sweep him into a dramatic kiss or anything.

Dean laughed and dropped a hand to John’s knee and squeezed. “Aw, he’s just old fashioned about PDAs. He takes real good care of me when we’re not in public, though.”

John felt his cheeks flush and his ears burn--Dean’s voice was practically dripping innuendo! 

“I know he’s old enough to be my father,” Dean continued, an amused twinkle in his eye, “but there’s a lot to be said for a lover with experience, am I right?”

The others laughed, and the topic moved on to something else, much to John’s relief.

When they were back in their cabin, Dean grabbed his shoulder.

“Hey, are you okay? I didn’t mean to embarrass you back there, but somebody had to say something.”

“It’s fine,” John insisted. “I guess I’m surprised you’re able to play this role so easily when it’s so difficult for me.”

Dean rolled his eyes. “I guess I’ve just put up with a lot of assumptions in the past, and it doesn’t bother me anymore.”

John frowned. He hadn’t realized Dean had been asked about the nature of their relationship before--his son had never said anything about it. He decided not to press the issue.

***

The next morning after breakfast, they decided to split up until lunch, each investigating the disappearances from the retreat on their own to cover more ground. Dean opted to go on a nature hike while John decided to mingle in some seminars. The next ones on the schedule were something about “toys and tricks,” which just...no, and one about control and power balance in relationships. That second option sounded so much safer.

As the speaker went on and on about how one partner always making the important decisions unilaterally was often detrimental in the long run, John scanned the faces in the room for someone either on the staff or that looked like a talker. His mind also drifted to his son.

Dean was a very capable young man in his own right, but he came running at the drop of a hat when he called. He hadn’t taken too much control away from Dean, had he? He thought he’d always