although maybe it turned out that Lucifer wasn’t all that well-suited to the job, it’s not like devils grow on trees. Finding a replacement isn’t going to be easy.

Fortunately, there’s the global political system from which to draw. The unfettered power wielded by whoever would take up the mantle discarded by the Morningstar proves too tempting to a number of the elite, who throw their names into the ring. Dean and Sam watch the proceedings from Bobby’s, sitting on the couch, drinking beer and making derogatory remarks at the TV while an inter-realm committee of angels, demons and humans questions and pontificates and probes and, after much deliberation and needless grandstanding, announces that the former vice-president of the United States best demonstrates the talents and qualities of a true Lord of the Damned. The result surprises no one – Cheney had been a shoo-in from the start.

Demons and angels are the new rage; images of sexy angels and slutty demons are plastered across billboards and bus ads and magazines, selling everything from cigarettes to pharmaceuticals. Guardian angels aren’t just an abstract construct anymore – you can hire an actual angel to watch over you. Demons replace vampires as the hot new teen obsession. Songs about angels and demons flood the airwaves and the internet, not to mention movies and TV shows. The fad is reflected in fashion and food and interior décor, in the books people read and the cars they drive and the porn they consume.

Then there’s Supernatural, or The Winchester Gospels as it’s become known, the biggest publishing sensation since Harry Potter.

And just when Dean thinks his life can’t get any more surreal, of course, it does.

Dean and Sam spend the first Apocalypse Day in Washington DC. There’s a three-day celebration, culminating in the new national holiday, which falls on a Monday, as holidays will, even though the actual anniversary of the apocalypse is on Wednesday. But hey, gotta have that three-day weekend or it’s not a real holiday.

There’s a parade and speeches (fortunately Dean isn’t expected to make any) and fireworks. Dean and Sam are given the Presidential Medal of Honor and for guys who’ve spent their lives scamming and stealing and avoiding paying taxes, Dean guesses they’ve not done so badly.

They’re just there for window-dressing really, shepherded from one event or appearance to the next. Their handlers discover early on that having Dean do the talking is a bad idea, so he’s spared the spotlight. He thinks there was maybe a time when he’d have enjoyed all the attention, not to mention the many opportunities to pick up the hot babes who telegraph their interest his way with a distinct lack of subtlety. It’s too bad that kind of thing has lost its charm, because he’s never seen so many fine women in one place.

He’s just not the guy he used to be, and he’s not sure if he regrets that or not.

The highlight of the trip for Dean comes during a press corps party, and it doesn’t even have anything to do with him. It happens when Helen Thomas tells Sam that if she was just a few years younger, he’d have to watch out. Dean’s not sure how Sam manages to keep from peeing his pants with excitement, the big dork. Still, Dean gets a little misty watching him bent nearly double to get down to Helen’s level and grinning ear to ear, nodding enthusiastically at everything she says.

A year ago, the Sam who could smile like that was gone. The Sam who’d walked out into that motel parking lot to summon Lucifer had been grim and hopeless and determined. He couldn’t have smiled like that to save his soul.

Castiel had brought that Sam back, and he’d brought Dean back and he’d saved the entire world. Sure, Dean and Sam had bought him some time by letting the champions of Heaven and Hell wear them for a while; enough time, just barely. Cas should be here to see this crazy world he saved, Dean thinks. He wonders what he would think of all the fuss. It’s comforting to realize how very little impression any of it would make on him.

“Did you see that?” Sam gushes breathlessly, grabbing Dean’s arm. “Did you see who I was talking to? Dude, that was Helen Thomas! Do you know how awesome she is? Did you know she’s covered the White House since the Eisenhower administration?”

“Yeah, Sam, I know who Helen Thomas is,” Dean says, snagging another glass of champagne from a passing waiter, and one for Sam while he’s at it. It’s not that he likes the stuff, but the line at the bar is insane.

“She said she thinks I have a fine mind for journalism.”

“Oh? From here it looked like she was interested in more than your mind. You gotta