your grandmother think?" He pouted at the other boy, eyes wide and bottom lip quivering.

"That’s none of your business," Haru retorted, turning his head away from that piercing gaze. Still, he stood with a sigh of acquiescence. Rin never took ‘no’ for an answer; the stubborn, spoiled brat. He would just end up forcibly dragging Haru to the front door with him if Haru continued to resist.

"Yay!" Rin cheered in victory, fake-pout immediately dissolving into another wide grin as he grabbed Haru’s hand, pulling the sullen boy out of the living room with him. Socked feet scampered down the hallway, soon slowing to a halt.

"Ah…" The heavy rain, pounding like the hooves of a running horse, became clear as they neared the door. It was impossible to peek out into the darkness beyond the drenched window glass. At a loss, the two stared at each other for a moment. Just how long has it been raining? There was a sharp pain in Haru’s gut when Rin smiled at him and announced, “Looks like I’ll be sleeping over tonight, Nanase!”

"No," Haru replied easily, shaking off Rin’s grip on his arm. Something told him this was a bad idea; Rin had latched onto the idea of staying a little too easily. The situation was so convenient it was practically planned, and Haru resented that. "Call your mom. She’ll pick you up."

"What?!" Rin huffed, glowering at him with cheeks puffed out. "I see how it is!" Fists clenched at his sides, he stormed off to find the phone, looking ridiculous the whole while. He always was the dramatic one. Haru rolled his eyes, scuffling to his bedroom.

———

"Hey Nanase, guess what?!" Rin sang cheerfully, draping himself over Haru’s shoulder like a lazy cat. A heavy, lazy cat with hair that tickled.

"What." Haru responded curtly, shrugging the other boy off of him without taking his eyes off his nature magazine. The self-satisfied way Rin was acting told Haru he had already lost this battle. Why couldn’t Rin go bother someone else? And why did Haru even put up with him?

"My mom said I could stay over! And your grandmother said it was okay too!"

“What.” Haru scowled at Rin, wanting to wipe the smug smile off of his face. “You were supposed to ask her to pick you up.” And of course his grandmother had been soft-hearted enough to let this happen.

"I didn’t say that, did I? You did!” The innocent smile beaming on Rin’s face hid the devious mind underneath.

Haru sighed, knowing that the conversation would only proceed in circles. “Fine. I hope you can sleep without a pillow.” He crawled into his bed, pulling the covers over him and sullenly turning so that his back faced the other boy. This conversation was over.

"Eh?! But I can’t!" Rin exclaimed, scooting closer and prodding the still lump in the sheets. "Nanaseee! Share with me!" He huffed, puffing out his cheeks when he received no response. "So mean…" Rin muttered under his breath loudly enough that his words were clear as he went to turn off the lights. He curled up on the floor broodingly with his coat as a makeshift pillow, continuing to grumble the entire time. "Mean Nanase…"

Eventually Rin’s mutterings died out to become soft, feathery breathing, and Haru sighed in relief against his pillow. Between the endless complaining and the loud drumming of rain against his window, he hadn’t been able to get a wink of sleep. Now, though, there was enough peace that he began to doze off in the stillness, the sounds of the rain and Rin’s breathing melding together into a comforting lullaby.

It wasn’t long until Haru was yanked into awareness by pained whimpers. “Rin…?” He asked groggily, receiving no response as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes. A thread of concern iced through him as he heard a choked, “Nhn…No, dad…Don’t go…Come back!” Anxiously, Haru peered over the side of his bed. He could dimly see Rin curled up as if desperately trying to hide. The other boy was shaking and sniffling pathetically, tears glistening at the edges of his eyes. A clawed hand squeezed Haru’s heart, threatening to crush it. He had never seen Rin cry before. Rin was supposed to be the cheerful, upbeat one. He was supposed to be the one who shone brightly, contrasting Haru’s own moroseness.

Feeling ill, Haru shouted, “Wake up!” He threw his covers off and crawled next to Rin, shaking the whimpering boy frantically. “Rin, wake up! Please…” It wasn’t until Rin’s eyes snapped open that the clawed hand loosened its grip on Haru’s heart.   

"Ha…ru..?" Rin asked hesitantly. His eyes widened and he bolted