wondering if Rodney has gone crazy. As a matter of fact, Rodney is beginning to wonder if Rodney has gone crazy. He knew he shouldn't have listened to Teyla and he makes a mental note to build TJ some extremely noisy toys as revenge.

"Never mind," Rodney mumbles, turning over so John won't see his furiously blushing face. "Forget it, just pretend I didn't say anything, okay?"

"Well," John drawls, climbing under the covers. "If you want me to, I probably could..."

"No, god no," Rodney moans into the pillow. "It was just an extremely stupid thought and I blame the fact that prolonged exposure to you must be killing of my brain cells."

John curls up behind Rodney, wrapping one arm around his waist. "Love you too, McKay," he says, and Rodney can hear the smile in his voice, the bastard.

* * *

Rodney remembers his parents' wedding picture clearly. It always fascinated him, even when he was very young, because the people in the picture were so completely different from his actual mom and dad.

In the picture, Rodney's parents were looking deep into each other's eyes and smiling like they're the only two people in the world. Rodney's mom was beautiful and his dad was handsome and they looked so happy and in love.

Rodney's real mom and dad were not in love anymore. The things he remembers most about them are the arguments, the sharp little barbs meant to hurt, the mind games and the martyr complexes and the 'staying together for the kids'. (Rodney despises parents who stay together for the kids. What kid would want to be the reason for their mom and dad being miserable?)

He wonders what happened. When did the happy couple in the picture turn into the condescending man and the bitter woman who raised him?

Rodney can't remember ever having seen his parents kiss each other, or hug, or even touch. There were no displays of affection in the McKay household, just a cold war growing colder every day.

Whatever happened to his parents, Rodney doesn't want it to happen to him and John.

* * *

Teyla's advice didn't work out so well, so Rodney decides to try his luck and ask Ronon instead. He grabs a few snacks and goes to knock on Ronon's office door. Ronon only picked out an office because Woolsey insisted and he goes there when he wants to be alone. Rodney has learned to bring baked goods when he visits. It holds back the most deadly glares.

Ronon is working on some kind of report and he's muttering to himself about stupid English letters while Rodney munches on a muffin and attempts to tell Ronon about his problems..

"... and now it's been days again. I mean, I get I'm not exactly the picture of male perfection and he could do a lot better than me, but..."

"Don't you have anywhere to be, McKay?" Ronon growls over the edge of his laptop. "Some of us have work to do."

"Oh, please, like anyone reads those things anyway," Rodney exclaims, rolling his eyes.

"Woolsey does."

"What, he does? Seriously?" Rodney shakes his head. "Stop distracting me. We were talking about important things if you remember?"

"You were talking, McKay."

Rodney slumps in the chair, reaching for another muffin. "Do you think he's getting tired of me? You know him, he'd never say anything if he were. He'd just suffer in silence until he started to hate me and then I'd have to hate him back and we'd do mean things to each other and it would end in a tragedy."

Ronon gives him a long steady look. "No," he says.

"No? Would you care to elaborate?"

There's another look. Ronon is very good at looks. "No."

"Because I was thinking, you hang out with him all the time, and he never said anything to you? Maybe something he let slip, you know like, 'oh, by the way, McKay is boring me to death and I want to trade him in for someone younger and hotter'?"

Ronon sighs and pushes the laptop aside, leaning forward in his seat. "Relax. If he was getting tired of you, you'd know it."

"But," Rodney stutters. "But I'm... I'm losing hair and I'm getting fat and he's..."

"You don't look so bad," Ronon interrupts. "More working out and less muffins and you don't have anything to worry about. Now leave me alone, I gotta finish this."

"Why do all your solutions involve exercise?" Rodney asks, getting out of the chair. He knows he should work out more but he never has time for it. Ronon keeps bringing up the subject and Rodney keeps feeling guilty about it.

"Get out,"