limb draped over his shoulder. "Good." Ken repeats. He hangs up quickly. Ken doesn’t think he can handle both Maeno and Yumeno-sensei. Already, there’s a pounding forming in his head. "What do you want, Maeno?"

"Is that Yumeno-sensei's-"

"And you're not in charge of Yumeno-sensei's progress." Ken shakes the arm away. The way it falls and disorientates Maeno almost make him feel bad. Maeno looks good in everything, whenever, wherever. But when shaken, Maeno looks as hurt as a drenched puppy. Thankfully, Maeno is quick to recover.

"It's Friday!" Maeno straightens his suit that makes girls swoon but Ken thinks is pretentious. "Let's go-"

"No."

"But I haven't-"

"No." And that is final. Carrying a drunk Maeno home is 100 times worse than the normal Maeno. Ken found out the hard way that his colleague actually can go beyond a 10 on a 1-to-10 scale of annoyance. I'm not carrying you again, he thinks bitterly, recalling vomit on his jersey and shoes.

-

Ken sighs when Maeno floats about his cubicle. He is humming a merry tune under his breath, dancing and clicking his tongue to an imaginary tune. Occasionally, Maeno winks at the girls in the office. Ken looks away.

"Hey you," Maeno calls and a shadow fall over his cubicle.

Ken does not raise his head. "No," he replies and reshuffles pieces of transcript to appear busy.

Maeno blazes on, undeterred. "You need a break."

Yes, Ken agrees, but he does not voice this out. When hands suddenly massage his shoulders, he drops his pen. Ken ends up thanking him for the massage, even if he really does not want to.

"Geez, your shoulder's all stiff!"

Great of you to notice that, when half the workload is from you.

-

"Imma going out," he mumbles to anyone who cares to listen, and quickly scoots out of their office building before Maeno notices. The guards' expression, Ken notes, is subtly sour. Most likely from an encounter with Maeno. Ken waves.

Once out, he walks briskly. "Yumeno-sensei," Ken enters his car, dexterously switching from handset mode to speaker mode. There's noise from the other side; lots of shouting and clattering of metal on metal. Busy. Ken thinks of hanging the call.

"Ken-san!" Nozaki booms after a moment, "It is lunch time right now, why don't you drop by our shop?"

Before Ken can decline and talk business, Yumeno had decided that yes, Ken would be dining at their cafe. It seems he'll be having a VIP table too. Seconds later, his phone beeps with an address.



"Swallowtail Butler Cafe"

Ken winces at the ‘butler cafe’ but heads over anyway. It'll be a waste not to, after Yumeno-sensei had gone through unneeded trouble.

-

The Tanuki Cake. Ken stares. It looks just as dumb as Miyano-sensei's manga. "How am I supposed to eat this?" Ken mulls over, staring at it critically. Despite its tanuki shape, everything else was impressive. The ‘fur’ was made of caramel, and the eyes made of chocolate; the positioning of the ears and nose were immaculate. Ken’s stomach growls and he stabs it with a fork.

"Ken-san," Yumeno-sensei approaches him, "Why not take a commemoration picture?"

Good idea. "Yeah, I should." He agrees and takes a shot of the tanuki cake. Nozaki watches as he quickly taps out a message with his phone. "– and sent."

"Eh, but what about- who did you-?"

"I just sent it to Maeno."

-



"Maeno, tanuki cake based on Miyako-sensei's manga. You'll like this shop.
- Ken"



“Wait what? You went without me? Even though I wanted to go with you!
- Maeno”



> 1 incoming call from Maeno



> 1 missed call from Maeno

-

“What is this.” There is two tanuki plush toys on each arm; and one balancing ridiculously atop his head. Ken resists moving his head around - partly because he wants to avoid jostling the tanuki plush toys, and partly because he does not want to see Maeno. There’s the sound of camera shutters and occasional burst of bright lights in his peripheral vision.

Maeno crab-walks until he faces Ken, a silly grin on his face. “‘What’? Featuring you on the company’s blog, of course!” He coos happily, as if it were obvious.

It’s not, Ken thinks. He knows better. “That blog features only you, Maeno!” He snaps, but abruptly stops when one of the tanukis shook and seemed close to toppling. “Maeno,” Ken lethargically asks when his colleague adjusts the tanuki plush, “Is this- is this about not