come?"

"Dude. It's got 'gay' right in it," Alfred replied, pleased with his cleverness.

"Al, 'gay' is just an old-fashioned word for happy."

"Oh, I dunno. I'm modern and it makes me pretty happy," Alfred teased. "Think about it, Art. Would a straight girl pick that quote?"

"How should I know?" Arthur shook his head and returned to his own homework. His lack of interest disappointed Alfred. Sure, they'd gotten off to a bad start when he had accidentally spilled everlasting ink on all of Arthur's books. But he thought their friendship had grown beyond that after the whole mandrake situation. And recently he'd started to hope for something more.

The problem was that Arthur was always so focused on his work, it seemed hard to imagine that he could possibly want a boyfriend. He would probably just complain about how his boyfriend distracted him from homework, the same way he always complained when Alfred dragged him along on trips to Hogsmeade.

Lost in thought, Alfred didn't realize how quickly the time had passed until his stomach rumbled, reminding him that a puzzle was no substitute for food. He walked with Arthur to the Great Hall and they picked seats near each other at their respective tables. While his classmates chattered, Alfred spent most of the meal in uncharacteristic silence. He wanted to solve this letter on his own. Maybe it would be enough to impress Arthur!

He thought about the clues he had been given. First, he was pretty sure his admirer wasn't a Gryffindor; they rarely admitted to being cowards. Second, he suspected that his admirer was in the same year as him, since they admitted to seeing him during the day and seemed to know what books had been assigned in Muggle Studies.

Thinking about the books gave Alfred a brilliant idea. What if all of the quotes were from books in that class? He devoured the rest of his dinner and raced upstairs, eager to look over his reading list from the class. He didn't stop running until he reached the bronze knocker and had to wait for the question.

“In a riddle whose answer is chess, what is—"

"—can't stop! Gotta check my book list!" Alfred interrupted. The door let him through, because there was nothing more Ravenclaw than ignoring one riddle when there was another one he was trying to solve.

His roommates didn't blink an eye as he burst into the room. They were used to Alfred going off on wild goose chases. Digging through his papers, Alfred punched his fist in excitement when he finally found what he was looking for. He scanned through the list and frowned in concentration as he compared it with the quote from the second letter. He didn't see how the hint of 'green' helped him, nor did any of the books mention a sequel. He sighed and flopped down onto his bed.

"Tough assignment?" one of his roommates asked.

"Yeah," Alfred replied. He slowly smiled as he re-read the words. Even if he couldn't return their feelings, it was exciting to know that someone liked him.

His grin disappeared as he looked at the book list again, comparing the two to see if there was something he had missed the first time. He was tempted to go to Arthur for help again, but he felt stupid admitting that he couldn't solve it on his own. The letter writer was definitely right about that; Alfred had his pride.

"So... how is your little project coming along?" Arthur asked casually as they waited for herbology class. They were both positioned at the far end of the U-shaped table, where the line of Hufflepuff students met the line of Ravenclaw students.

"Slowly," Alfred admitted. "I think it's another book we read in Muggle Studies class, but maybe in an earlier year."

"That seems like a good place to start," Arthur agreed.

"Good morning, class! We're going to be dealing with the Fanged Geraniums today, so be sure to put on your gloves," the professor instructed as class began. She walked around the tables and checked to make sure everyone was wearing their gloves. Arthur flushed in embarrassment as she spent extra time checking his gloves for holes. "Can't be too careful, dear," she explained, patting his shoulder before she moved on.

"One mistake and she's never going to forget it," Arthur complained under his breath. "I do everything perfectly 99% of the time!"

"Well... it was sorta scary," Alfred admitted. He was pretty sure his heart had stopped beating when the mandrake screams knocked Arthur unconscious. Thinking back on it though, the memory of catching Arthur and carrying him to the nurse left more of a fluttery feeling in Alfred's chest.

As the professor finished her glove check, she gave instructions for de-fanging the geraniums. Alfred was particularly grateful for his gloves when his plant tried to bite off a finger. He glanced over