't know it?

Enjolras didn't love him. He couldn't. The revolution was far more important than lonely souls. Besides, Grantaire was aware that he was ugly and often cynical and pessimistic, the exact opposite of the man in front of him. Even if Apollo wasn't trying to change the world, Grantaire wouldn't be on his list of favorite people. R dreamed that one day they would be able to be together and happy and at peace without fighting, but it was just a silly day dream he made up while watching Enjolras at meetings and nothing more.

A few quick pats on the cheek brought him back to the present, with a concerned looking Enjolras looking back at him as his eyes focused. “How much did you drink tonight, and tell the truth,” he said in a stern tone.

Grantaire thought it was awfully unfair of him to force him to math while drunk, but he didn't complain. “Ah… two? Three?” R replied, slurring.

Enjolras sighed, exasperated, and wrapped the inebriated man's arm around his shoulders, beginning to lead him home. Grantaire assumed they were heading towards his apartment anyway, though he'd follow the other anywhere. “Clearly you are too drunk to take part in the conservation we need to have. You really need to learn self discipline…” Apollo muttered, though Grantaire lost track of the rant soon enough. 

By the time the pair got to R’s simple apartment, Enjolras had managed to get himself into a tizzy about overworked help in the wine business. Grantaire had missed the majority of it, but still enjoyed the sound of his Apollo’s voice. Enjolras took Grantaire's keys from him and unlocked the door, because the other couldn't find the right key by himself, and led him to his bedroom. 

“You really should clean this place every once in awhile,” Enjolras muttered as he placed Grantaire in the bed. As R sat on the bed, Enjolras started picking up the bottles scattered around the room and taking them out. He didn't touch the heaps of sketches though, which Grantaire was glad about.

“Don't… touch… the papers,” he groaned from the bed, laying back as Enjolras cleared the bottles away.

“Fine, but the empty bottles don't need to be everywhere,” Apollo huffed, cleaning up still. 

“They’re you mostly,” he said, and almost missed when he tried to cover his eyes with his hand.

Enjolras looked over at him, confused. Part of him wanted to look and see what the drunk meant, but he didn’t want to go against what R asked him to do. “What do you mean, they’re mostly me?”

“It’s ‘cause I drew you. They’re you. ‘Cause you’re Apollo,” Grantaire slurred in response, moving his hand so he could see his reaction.

Enjolras rolled his eyes and continued cleaning up. “I am not Apollo. I am far more of a Prometheus.”

“You have fire but no king of heaven would punish you for it. You give light but it’s warm and kind,” he said in a mumble, sitting back up so he could watch him better. This probably wasn’t real. This couldn’t be real. Enjolras seemed to flicker in the candlelight, or at least Grantaire’s imagination made him do so. He couldn’t tell. Either way, he was going to soak this in for as long as possible, because his Apollo would never be in his apartment in real life.

Enjolras stared at him again, because this was entirely out of character for Grantaire and he didn’t know how to respond to this. Their relationship was simple, they were opposites who balanced each other out and didn’t really get along. If Enjolras didn’t know any better, and his friends would say he didn’t because he rarely ever did, he’d say this was some form of flirting. He stood there awkwardly for a moment before continuing to clean up, not really knowing what else to do with the drunk. He was obviously beyond drunk, or else he would never say such, unusual and oddly kind things to him. The statement barely made any sense and yet… and yet Grantaire was staring at him like it did.

“Why are you here? Why did you take me home?” R asked, finding it more difficult to speak clearly as exhaustion and the last of the alcohol filled his system.

The ‘fearless leader’ stopped and looked at him for a moment, trying to decipher if Grantaire was joking or not this time. “You really have no idea?”

Grantaire shook his head, which turned out to be a bad idea and he gripped his spinning head in an attempt to make it better. He really couldn't remember what exactly happened, nor could he remember what Enjolras had said when he first stopped him. If his Apollo was there in his apartment, actually there, it must have been something important