Sam is sitting in a tree on the other side of the road, with a rocket launcher over his shoulder.

“What the fuck?” Jensen mutters.

And then there’s the rumble of a big engine and the police car leading the prisoner convoy comes into view.

Jensen swears and resituates himself, ready to take careful aim.

The flash of light is so bright his scope eye is temporarily blinded and then there’s a loud boom and the ground shakes and Sam falls out the tree. Jensen blinks back tears and swears softly as the bus skids on its side down the road.

Armstrong is flailing in his seat and Jensen puts his eye to the scope again, but it’s still watering and everything’s still blurry and the cops bringing up the rear are out of their car, weapons drawn, calling for backup, and Jensen’s ears are ringing. There’s yelling and distant sirens and this has turned from a simple job into a clusterfuck.

Jensen packs away his sniper rifle with economic efficiency and fades from the scene like a ghost. His escape route is thoroughly planned and his getaway at least goes smoothly. 

He’s never failed to complete a job before and it stings.

He doesn’t think about Sam until he’s back in his business suit and cruising down the East Freeway in Dean Winchester’s silver Prius, his laptop and briefcase on the seat beside him and the M82 safely tucked away in the trunk’s hidden compartment.

What the actual fuck? is mostly what he thinks and he’s still thinking it when the guard waves him through into their gated community at Tanglewood.

Sam’s truck is in the garage. The roller door is up.

Jensen reverses into their driveway, waves genially at Alicia next door, and then gets his pair of Sig Sauer semi-automatics out of the trunk’s hidden compartment.

He enters the house through the window of the second living room and then makes his way to the door, hugging the walls.

“Honey, I’m home,” he calls out and is promptly showered with plaster from the wall beside him.

“Pathetic,” Jensen says. “I bet you couldn’t even hit a bus with a rocket launcher.”

The next bullet strikes much closer.

“I hit it,” Sam says. “You try firing a rocket launcher when you’re falling out a tree.”

“I’m not stupid enough to try firing a rocket launcher from a tree. I’m a professional.”

A hand grenade sails past Jensen’s head and he throws himself from the room, a gun in each hand, firing wildly as he dives, outstretched, to the hallway floor. The room he just vacated blows up and then Sam is firing at him from the top of the stairs and Jensen commando crawls into the kitchen and gets behind the island counter.

“You okay, Sweetheart?” Sam says with phony sweetness.

“Peachy,” Jensen grunts. He runs his hands over his body, makes sure he’s not hit. He leans back against the counter and considers his next move. “So how’d you get away?” he asks, buying time, “you know, after you fell out the tree.”

“I have more hand grenades,” Sam says pissily.

“But, Honey, you love this kitchen,”

Sam harrumphs. “The yard where I was hiding,” he says after a pause, “those two trucks in the driveway? I blew them up.”

“Subtle.”

“Effective.”

“Do you work for the Firm?” Jensen asks.

“Yeah. I’m their Number Two assassin.”

Jensen gapes. “The Moose? I’m married to The fucking Moose?”

“Jared,” Sam says.

“Padalecki, yeah, I know,” Jensen always reads the dossiers of the people who might kill him one day. No photos, of course. He knows everything except what they look like.

“Scared yet, Dean?”

Jensen snorts again. “Jensen,” he says.

There’s a long pause and then Sa—Jared says, “Fuck my life. You’re The Jackal?”

“In the flesh.”

Jared sighs. “Man, that job you did in Tunisia? With the cocktail fork? Fucking class, man. You’re awesome. No wonder you’re Number One.”

Jensen preens a little. And then he peeks around the edge of the counter. Jared is at the kitchen door. Jensen takes a shot and hears wood splinter. Jared returns fire and glass shards rain down from the shattered doors of the kitchen wall-cabinets.

“Sonofabitch! I thought you liked this kitchen?”

“Not like we can keep the place. The Firm obviously set us up to take each other out.”

It is the best explanation for why they were both sent on the same job.

Jensen comes up over the top of the island counter, firing both guns. Jared pulls his head back and Jensen backs into the dining room. He sneaks out the other door, around into the hallway, and creeps up behind Jared, who’s peering