’d procured from the old man in the lot.  The look on Sam’s face was quite worth teasing he’d received from the man about the size of his genitals in relation to the size of the tree, which he still didn’t quite understand, but that was nothing new.


~~~


Back at the motel, Dean’s mood had improved with a shower, clean clothes, pie, and a couple of beers.  They’d set up the little tree on the chipped formica table and were in the process of opening the box of ornaments Cas had bought to decorate it.  As they pulled them out one by one, Dean started to laugh.

“Cas, is this Santa on the shitter?”  he asked, holding up a perfect representation of Santa Claus, red pants around his ankles, perched on a toilet with a roll of toilet paper in his hand.  “What kind of ornaments did you buy?”

Cas pulled out another one, a reindeer with a string of beer cans around its neck, and passed it to Dean who only cackled louder and slapped Cas on the back.

“Man, these are great!  Good choice, buddy!”

Cas grinned at the compliment.  He had picked up the silly ornaments purely by accident, but he could see now how they kind of worked with his friends’ sense of humour, and he loved to see the brothers laugh.

An hour or so later, Cas sat with his best friends on the ratty couch, sipping a beer and watching a group of round-headed, animated children and a beagle celebrate Christmas on television.  He was content.  He was happy.  Dean’s denim clan thigh was warm against his and that alone was enough to keep a small smile on his face.

Sam’s exuberant voice broke his contemplation.  “Hey, let’s open some presents, guys!”

Dean’s low laugh rumbled beside Cas and he could feel it reverberate through his slightly smaller frame as they were pressed so close. 

“Always the big kid!” Dean replied with a smile.

The comment didn’t deter Sam from untangling his long limbs from the couch and grabbing a few items from his duffel.  He passed a plastic bag Dean and one to Cas. 

Dean tucked into his bag like the child he’d just accused his brother of being.  Pulling out the aforementioned bottle of whiskey, he grinned at Sam.

“You shouldn’t have, man.  But I’m glad you did.”

There was also a pair of black gloves and a couple of new shirts.  Dean smiled happily and the light in eyes made the green stand out in a way that made it difficult for Cas to tear his gaze away to look at his own gift.  He opened his more slowly, savouring the idea of being given something from a friend; the idea being completely new to him.  He slowly pulled out a package of white socks, and a black leather wallet.  Cas turned to Sam, genuinely pleased with what he’d received.

“Thank you, Sam.  I don’t think anyone has ever bought me a Christmas gift before.  These will both be very useful.”

Sam looked touched.  “You’re welcome, Cas.  You’re family.  I’m glad you’re here.”

Dean, having already grabbed his items and stuffed them beside the couch, now reached over the side, pulled them up, and handed the crudely wrapped items over to Sam and Cas. 

“Nice job with the newspaper wrapping, dude,” Sam chuckled before tearing into his package. 

Sam’s smile could light up a room when he saw the beautiful antique watch with the black leather strap he was holding.

“Dean, this is fantastic!  Shit, it even has a compass!” 

Sam jumped up from the couch and wrapped his brother in a massive hug, squeezing Dean to the point that Cas thought it must be difficult for the other man to breathe.  Dean clearly thought so too when after a few seconds he thumped Sam on the back and squeaked out…

“Okay, Samantha.  I got it.  You like you gift.  Can you let me breathe now?”

Sam let go laughing.  “Yes, Dean.  And I love it!  I can’t believe you could afford this!”

Dean shrugged.  “Guy at the pawn shop in Lebanon owed me a favour.  Don’t worry about it.  It’s yours.”

“Come on now Cas, open yours.” Dean pushed, impatiently.

Cas turned the small gift over and over in his hands a few times.  It was tiny – No bigger than the palm of his hand, wrapped in yesterday’s classifieds and sealed with considerably more tape than was really necessary.  He picked at the corner of the tape with the edge of his nail until it became loose enough for him to tear.  As he tore the tape, the paper rolled off and he twisted the paper in his hand until the small metal object inside fell into his palm.  He looked down to see a keychain in the shape of the state of Kansas with two keys on it.  Cas looked up