each other in the sunny spots. They were all freaking adorable.

“Where is he?” Chanyeol asked, not seeing the blonde haired kitten in the midst of all the brown and black haired kids who were starting to take notice of them. A bunny hybrid who was barely old enough to walk on his own had walked over and started sniffing at Chanyeol’s hand, and a pair of puppies were insisting Kyungsoo pet their tummies.

“Kai is right this way,” the woman laughed at their situation as they were slowly surrounded by kids all ages from toddlers to teenagers. “He definitely loves his nap time,” she explained as she made her way over to what Chanyeol had assumed was a pile of blankets for hybrids to take and sleep with. But, of course, as she pulled back blanket after blanket, a little blonde head appeared beneath them. Chanyeol felt his heart soar as he saw the tiny boy that was revealed to be dead to the world, cuddling with another cat in the blankets.

“Kai, Jongdae,” the woman cooed, rubbing her hands over the two boys to rouse them. The little black haired kitten, Jongdae, was the first to open his eyes and sit up. He stretched his arms high over his head, yawning wide, before looking up at the two strangers. He immediately stood and rubbed his head against Kyungsoo’s knee, purring.

“Hello, Jongdae,” Kyungsoo greeted, petting over the kitten’s ears. “He was here with Kai last time too,” he explained to his confused looking boyfriend. Chanyeol looked back at the blonde who was slowly peeling his eyes open, yawning every few moments as he tried to allow himself to fall unconscious again, but the woman continued her ministrations to wake him. Eventually he sat up, his head lolling to one side and his tail curled around his own waist.

“Hi, Kai,” Chanyeol said softly, kneeling and putting out his hand to the kitten who stared at it for a long moment before glancing at Kyungsoo. He stood on sleepy legs and made his way over to him, wrapping his arms around the small brunette. Kyungsoo laughed and hugged Kai back.

“Hey buddy,” Kyungsoo greeted the hybrid who was purring loudly, nuzzling his head against the other’s neck. “Hey, that guy over there,” Kyungsoo said, turning Kai and pointing at Chanyeol; “He’s the one you have to convince to let us take you home,” his boyfriend mock-whispered to him. Kai immediately ran the short distance over to Chanyeol, purring loudly and letting the taller pet over his ears and hair.

They played with the kittens for what felt like minutes but turned out to be nearly an hour. The other, Jongdae, seemed to be much more talkative than Kai – beginning to jabber about anything he thought of and asking the humans all types of questions. They were both pretty adorable, but Chanyeol could see the charm that Kyungsoo had liked in Kai. He was extremely loving and clingy, but also independent and quiet; he didn’t let just anyone pet or play with him.

By the end of their little playdate, Chanyeol already knew he was going to say okay to Kyungsoo’s request to adopt the hybrid.

“We can have him move into your care within a week if all of the paperwork goes over correctly,” the woman explained after she took them into an office in the back of the agency. She set down a stack of papers for them to sign and a bunch of legal adoption documents. Chanyeol was overwhelmed. “Do you know whose name he’ll be under?” The woman asked. Kyungsoo glanced at Chanyeol.

“Maybe we should put him under yours,” Kyungsoo said. “You have a way better track record than I do with money and responsible adult things.” Chanyeol snorted a laugh at his boyfriend’s words but agreed to sign his name – it wouldn’t really matter since they were going to be sharing the hybrid and they lived together.

“Are we allowed to change his name?” Chanyeol inquired half way through the meeting. The woman tilted her head.

“Do you not like his name?” She asked. Kyungsoo looked at him too.

“It’s not that I hate it or anything,” he said defensively, putting his hands up. “I just, I thought we’d be able to pick out a name together for him,” he said, looking over at his boyfriend who smiled slightly and nodded.

“That would be nice,” he agreed.

“If you want, of course you can,” she nodded. “Any ideas?”

“Jongin,” the both said at once, laughing slightly at the woman’s shocked face. “It’s what we said we’d always name a kid if we ever adopted,” Kyungsoo explained. The woman nodded with a smile and carried on with her explanation of how the adoption process would work. The whole lecture was a lot to take in and Chanyeol prayed that Kyungsoo was following her better than he was.

They finally shook hands with the woman and headed out with documents under Chanyeol’s