toilet,” Sherlock whispered back, equally audible.

“Wait, wait,” John said as the two men started towards the loo. “If you give it back to me, I'll make you brownies.”

John had never seen them look so ravenous for anything but dead bodies. 

“Promise?” Moriarty said, sounding like a six-year-old girl.

“Yeah, yeah, I promise. Just don't flush my phone,” John said. 

Moriarty tossed him the phone, and John pocketed it. He would call Mycroft later, when the two mad men weren't poised to torture John for tattling.

“I want to go for a horsey ride,” Moriarty told Sherlock, bouncing on his back eagerly.

“No. Fuck no. I'm not your plaything,” Sherlock said, releasing his grip on Moriarty's legs. But Moriarty held on,  legs locked around Sherlock's waist.

“I'll beat you with the riding crop,” Moriarty said.

John could see Sherlock considering this proposal. 

“Right, I'm going back to the shops for cocoa. If I come back and you've burned the place down, everyone is going to get a beating from the riding crop,” John said.

Sherlock burst out laughing, but John wasn't sure why. He just turned and left, glad for an excuse to temporarily leave.

But when John returned, cocoa and more butter in hand, he regretted leaving the two men unsupervised. Another joint was lit, burning slowly in an ashtray. But Sherlock and Moriarty were preoccupied with each other on the couch. Sherlock straddled Moriarty, tongue deep in his mouth, while Moriarty had managed to slip his hand into Sherlock's trousers without unfastening them.

“Oi! Stop that!” John shouted. Sherlock and Moriarty fell apart, the former looking more guilty than the latter.

“Hi, John,” Moriarty said.

“Hi, John,” Sherlock mimicked. “Do you want a hit?”

Apparently John's reaction face to that question was hysterical, as both men burst into a cackling fit. Sherlock nearly toppled off the couch.

“Right,” John said. “No more touching, okay? That's all we need at the end of this is a big mountain of sexual regret.”

John picked up the groceries and gathered the ingredients he needed in the kitchen. When he poked his head into the living room again, Moriarty had moved over next to Sherlock and was whispering in his ear and stroking his thigh.

“Hey! If you can't keep your hands off of one another, you might as well come in here and help.”

Moriarty and Sherlock flashed grins that made John's blood run cold.

“Here, you mix this,” John said, handing Moriarty a bowl of dry ingredients. “And you mix this,” he said, passing Sherlock the wet ones.

They stirred dutifully while John added things here and there to their respective bowls. There was some whispering and snickering, though they always managed to look innocent when John glared at them. Finally, they mixed the two bowls and John took over stirring, until the thick, chocolaty batter was almost reading for baking.

When John wasn't looking, Sherlock darted into the living room and fetched the joint, and before John knew it, they were taking hits again.

“Hey, c'mon. You're blazed enough,” John said. But he didn't try to stop them, instead resigned to focusing on getting the last of the lumps out of the batter.

“I want a lick,” Sherlock said right into John's ear, voice deeper than usual.

“If you eat it all now, there won't be any to bake,” John said.

“Please,” Sherlock murmured, pressing his body gently against John's.

“Fine,” John said, passing over the coated spoon. 

Sherlock took a long, seductive lick, eyes never leaving John's. Then Moriarty was behind Sherlock, wrapping his arms around the taller man, speaking into his ear.

“I want a taste,” Moriarty said. Sherlock turned, remnants of brownie batter across his lips, and sunk into a deep kiss with the smaller man.

John was frozen for a second, lost in watching Moriarty lick chocolate from the inside of Sherlock's mouth.

“Hey,” John said, though it was a softer protest than before.

Sherlock pulled away, taking another long lick off the spoon. Then he gazed at John heatedly. 

“Wait,” John tried, but then Sherlock was kissing him, forcing his brownie flavored tongue into John's mouth. John couldn't help but fall into the kiss, weak to his long ignored desire for Sherlock. 

When he pulled away, Moriarty was there between them, fresh joint in hand. He offered it to John with a smile.

“Fuckers,” John said, taking the joint with an eye roll. He lit it up and took a deep hit.

And almost immediately he started to cough.

“Fuck,” he choked out, trying desperately to bring air into his