confused as he is. You meet his eyes for a split second then you look back to his chest, being eye level with it, it's easy to avoid eye contact with him.

"Y/N, I don't understand what's wrong here. I just want to know why you're crying." He says, reaching up to cup your cheek and wipe a tear away. His hand feels cold but that's just because your cheek is so hot from embarrassment. You can feel his body language alter and he almost gasps in realization.

"You were supposed to be with Y/BF/N right now... I remember I saw your lights on and was coming over here to see why you were back so early... What happened? Are you okay?" He asks, concern and almost anger dripping from his tone. Your body stiffens for a second and you close your eyes, wanting to disappear but also thanking the heavens he realized this without you explaining it.

"I-I left him... W-we... We were at his place and-" You stop talking because your voice cracks and you're already embarrassed enough. He shushes you and pulls you over to your bed and sits you down. You look down at your body, visibly shivering at how cold and how disgusted you are.

"Y/N... What happened? What did he do to you?" He asks defensively. You don't even have to look up to know he's scowling right now. His voice sounds so different like this, so scary. You're afraid to tell him but you don't want him to make assumptions.

"H-he didn't... It's not..." You sigh, putting your head in your hands, trying to collect your thoughts. You feel a hand come in contact with your back and you flinch, goosebumps appearing all over your skin. Michael notices and draws his hand back and a few seconds later your favorite stuffed monkey appears on your lap and you look up at Michael to see him giving you a softened, pitiful look.

"I don't like seeing you like this, Y/N. And as much as I want to beat the living hell out of him for whatever he did, I'm not going to. Unless you want me to. But I really would like to know what happened... Just so I can try to make you feel better." He explains and your eyes well up with tears again, but this time happy, grateful tears.

"Th-thank you, M-Mikey.... I'm... He didn't, like, d-do anything, you know? That's... That's why I'm so upset. He didn't do anything. He barely even looked at me, h-he... He looked at the outfit. He said it looked nice... He didn't even look at me..." You manage to say, your sentence ending in a whimper. Michael just sits there and stares at his lap in contemplation.

"I mean, it does look nice..." He says and immediately looks as if he regrets it. You want to cry again.

"Yeah, I know it does." You say bitterly. "It's fucking beautiful."

He just sits there as if he's caught between a rock and a hard place. He starts to say something but he stops himself. You start to talk again.

"It's so pretty, Michael. It's so, so pretty. It's so beautiful, and I'm..." Your voice breaks and you take a breath. "I just th-thought that... Maybe if I... If I tried to look pretty for once, I might actually be pretty. But as soon as he saw me in it... I didn't even feel pretty. And then you come along and you fucking-" You stop there before you say something you'll regret but he catches on and a frown forms on his face.

"What did I do?!" He asks suddenly, seemingly offended. You squeeze your eyes shut, already embarrassed enough. You just want to go to sleep and pretend this night never happened.

"No, really, Y/N. Tell me what I did because as far as I'm concerned, I've been nothing but decent to you! I've been trying to comfort you and now you're going all psycho on me for something I didn't even do!" He shouts, getting up and storming out of your room, causing your heart to ache painfully in your chest. You jump up after him, just frustrated with everything. You follow him to your flat door and as he's about to leave, choking out a sob, you tell him to shut up.

He turns to face you, angry that you're angry at him and he doesn't understand why. He opens his mouth to talk but you poke your finger into his chest and tell him to shut the fuck