gathering around, some meeting and talking with friends before heading inside. She passed by The Clique; they were some of the most popular kids in school.

She almost stumbled when she caught sight of Raymond Kim. Between his athletic prowess (particularly notable since he was only a sophomore and was already making waves, making varsity for the school's football team) and his good looks, he was pretty popular. Plus, he tended to be a nice guy all around and the recent star in Kiki's dreams, much to her chagrin.

It was the same dream again...the dream where she say Raymond playing music and having a moment with his father and the dream about the other boy being tortured by a doctor. She...wasn't sure what the dreams meant just yet, but it bothered her.

She must have stared too long before Raymond glanced up and their eyes met. Ray's current girlfriend, Jennifer Benedict, looked to see what caught her boyfriend's attention and glared when she spotted Kiki. Looking away, Kiki blushed and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and hurried off into the school.

There was safety in anonymity. Being one of the tallest in her class really didn't help on that front, but she managed to make it to her locker without incident.

It wasn't until she turned to leave that she bumped into somebody and it was there was a sudden flash….


...a body slammed into something hard and metallic. They were sliding off already, only just managing to grab onto the ledge. Lightning flashed and there was an inhuman shriek. Three figures above, what looked like a curl of flame lashed out, and then they were falling again…


Kiki blinked and she was gasping on the ground. She looked around for the person that she had bumped into, but didn't see anyone.

"Hey, Kiki...you alright?"

"Oh, I'm okay Briar. I just...got a little dizzy."

Briar was one of her few friends at school. His strawberry blonde hair was designed in a fauxhawk and had friendly blue eyes. He seemed like a cool guy and seemed to know just about everyone, but he wasn't one of the popular kids.

The ubiquitous and garishly orange sash (and matching police cap) he wore that said 'hall monitor' went a long way in explaining why; Briar was earnest in a lot of ways and managed to gain the reputation of being a "goody-two shoes". Kiki thought that he was pretty fair; just as many kids saw him as a force to be avoided, he really seemed to take the school's anti-bullying stance to heart and tried to make the school a safe place.

There really needed to be more people like that, in her opinion.

"Do you need me to take you to the nurse? You're looking a little out of it," asked Briar, his eyebrows scrunching together. He knelt to help pick up some of Kiki's books.

"Oh, no, just...not really sleeping well lately."

"Midterms?"

"Midterms," agreed Kiki with a relieved smile because, really, one couldn't say "Sorry, I'm suffering from a lack of sleep due to a series of incredibly weird dreams, one of which involves Raymond Kim, the other one some boy I've never met before. Oh, and I seem to think that some manifestations of the elements are fighting each other and that, if they actually do fight, that could somehow spell doom for us. You know, completely normal stuff" Yeah, no, that just wasn't going to fly.

"Thanks for the assist," she said, accepting the books from Briar, "I should run, though. I don't want to be late for class."

"Yeah, especially since…" Briar paused, glancing furtively down the hallway. That caught Kiki's interest-Briar never seemed to look worried. He was...a fairly confident guy, when it came down to it. She figured it was a 'senior' kind of thing-the guy was close to having made it through four years of highschool hell and was finally on his way to bigger and better things, so maybe that it was it.

"Since what?" she prompted. Briar gestured with his head for them to walk before setting off down the hall. Kiki easily fell into step.

"Well...you didn't hear it from me, but some staff from Algae Acres will be here later today. Have you heard about what happened last night?"

"Uh, yeah. Something about a patient escaping. They don't...actually think that the patient is here, do they?"

Briar shrugged. "That'd be the theory, I guess."

"But...wouldn't an adult that just escaped from there look out of place here in a school?"

"Who's to say that it was an adult that escaped?" replied Briar.

That...was a good point, actually. "Okay. If they believe this person