around you. He never pushes you to do things you don't want, and he kisses your forehead and holds you when you're feeling scared. He's the best thing in your life right now.

Still, you have no doubt that he'd leave if he knew. 

You're a freak, you're a fag, you're a fairy and a pathetic waste of space. This is not an opinion, it is a fact. 

Abraham Lincoln was born February 12, 1809 and you are a piece of trash. 

Those are both concrete, provable facts.  

Dave knows you're gay, but there's a big difference between being gay and being a fag. You are the latter, but Dave thinks you're the former. You'd like to keep it that way. 

Your dad loves Dave. He's always stuffing cake in your boyfriend's face and Dave doesn't even mind. That kid has a sweet tooth like you've never seen. Dad can tell that he makes you happy, too, so he never hesitates when you ask if Dave can come over.

Dad's noticed that you've been eating and talking more and that makes him really happy. He thinks you're getting better, and really, you are. It's just not as much of a change as he thinks. 

The main difference is that you've learned how to smile again.

Dave says you have a cute smile and you're flattered, even though you don't agree. You suppose you may believe him eventually, but you highly doubt it. 

It's been six weeks since you two met in person. Time flies when you don't constantly hate yourself, you've found, and it's nearing Thanksgiving break. Dad invited Dee and his big brother over for Thanksgiving dinner because they've become almost like family over the past month. Dee only has his brother and his brother only has Dee. It's pretty much the same with you and Dad. 

When you told Dee about your mom, he almost cried. His parents died when he was seven, he said, so he sort of understood. You've never seen him get so worked up.

His brother was the only one there for him. "But now I got you, too," He said, wiping a tear from underneath his shades.

He probably didn't know how much that meant. Dave's proud to be with you. It isn't a secret. He needs you and god knows you need him too. He protects your mind more than anything else, because you don't really get picked on at your new school.

You're the weird, quiet kid who everyone thinks might sneak a gun on campus.

Dave's at your house on a chilly Tuesday afternoon when he asks why you never take your shirt off.  "It's been cold," You say, rubbing your arms and pantomiming being frozen. Your teeth fake-chatter and you smile. "You don't take your shirt off, either, man." 

"I'll take mine off if you take yours off." He says finally, smirking all flirty and sweet. You just shake your head. "I bet you have a really cute chest, but no. Sorry."

He looks disappointed.



he wouldn't be disappointed if he saw, he'd tell you to put the shirt back on, you're disgusting, freak, freak, freak,



You rest your head on his lap and look up at him, smiling. "'S not that I don't trust you. I'm just... Not ready."  At first, you worry that he's gonna think you're suggesting that taking off your shirts is equivalent to sex, but he doesn't. "Yeah, Blue. It's cool." Dee kisses you on the forehead and runs his fingers through his hair, moving one hand down to your chest. His palm rests over your scar and you fear that he'll feel it, but then he starts humming to the beat of your heart. "La da, la da, duh dum, bah dah, la dah, la da, buh dum,"

He just wanted to feel your heart beating and goddamn if that isn't the cutest thing you've ever seen. 

Your heart beats slow and steady and relaxed and he smiles, glad that he's able to make you so calm.

After a while, he moves his hand back into your hair and slowly massages your scalp. "Your hair's real soft, did you know that? Like a bunch of feathers, Bluejay." Dee lies down next to you and cups your face in his hands. "You know I'm still gonna think you're pretty no matter what, right, Blue?" 

You just shake your head, sighing softly. "I dunno, Dave. I'd rather you just not know, okay?" Dave looks a little annoyed,