nice.”

Kenma frowned. “How so?”

“It doesn’t matter.” Kuroo smiled, falling backwards. “Kenma?”

“Mm?”

“You know you’re my best friend, right?”

“I guess? I never thought about giving it a title, really.”

“Well, you are. You’re my best friend. No matter what, I’m behind you.”

Kenma smiled, albeit a small one. “I know that, Kuro. You’re my best friend too.”

When Kuroo started to sleep with men, he told Kenma immediately, and they determined that he was bisexual. Of course, Kenma didn’t mind. Kenma wasn’t the type of person to judge someone based on their sexual preferences. Apparently, he was queer too.

But Kuroo was…lost. He did do his fair share of sleeping around, but none of his partners ever fulfilled that much more important need.

So, as the year progressed, Kuroo continued to try to find his ‘someone.’

On top of finding that ‘someone,’ Kuroo was still overwhelmed by his other responsibilities. The Karasuno practice match was coming up, and Kuroo was training extra hard in order to beat them.

“Why are you doing this?” Kenma had asked after Kuroo returned from a two hour run. “You’re going to burn yourself out.”

“We have to beat them.” Kuroo said, guzzling a glass of water. “We can’t lose.”

“Is this just for coach Nekomata?”

“Yes.” He answered truthfully.

“He wouldn’t want you to push yourself this hard, Kuro. You’re going to hurt yourself.”

Kuroo waved his hand dismissively. “I’ll be fine. Don’t stress.”

“I’m not the one stressing.” Kenma sighed, moving closer to Kuroo. “You are. You’re not getting enough sleep. You’re not eating enough. You’ve got homework piling up on you, and now this practice match. I don’t want you to get overwhelmed and have a breakdown.”

“Aww, I didn’t know you cared so much!” Kuroo teased, giving Kenma a light shove.

“Of course I care, Kuro.” Kenma mumbled quietly. “You’re my best friend. I don’t want you to push yourself and get hurt.”

Kuroo felt like a complete tool. It was rare for Kenma to emit any kind of affection, which meant that he was truly worried about Kuroo. “I know. I’ll…I’ll be more careful, okay?” he set the glass in the sink. “How about we head to bed? I’m beat.”

Kuroo took a quick shower before he hopped into the bed with Kenma, who was snuggled up under a thin blanket. Kuroo took his place next to him and snaked an arm around Kenma’s waist, resting his head on his shoulder as Kenma played a game on his PSP.

“Tell me if the light bothers you.” Kenma said softly.

“You know it doesn’t.” Kuroo replied

This was a commonality between them. They had shared a bed since they were kids, so it didn’t feel awkward or weird to cuddle. It was natural.

Until that evening. Kuroo had woken up with a cramp in his leg, and he managed to quietly massage it away without waking Kenma up. However, as he tried to fall back asleep, he ended up laying face to face with Kenma.

Had Kenma…always been this cute? Out of all the times he had seen Kenma sleeping, why didn’t he notice these little things about him? How a light dusting of freckles sprinkled over his nose, or how his lips were lightly chapped, or how-

Kuroo scolded himself for these thoughts. What would Kenma think if he woke up right now and found Kuroo staring at him? He would blow a gasket. Kuroo gently pushed the hair away from Kenma’s face, letting his hand rest on his cheek.

He loved Kenma. But did he…love him? He sighed and pulled Kenma into his arms, letting him readjust until he was perfectly situated against Kuroo’s chest.

When the practice match finally came up, Kuroo was a little less stressed, all thanks to Kenma.

Until the setter went missing.

Kuroo called him once, twice, eight times, and the little shit still didn’t answer.

And Kuroo was beyond worried.

“He’ll turn up, Kuroo.” Yamamoto had laughed. “Chill.”

Kuroo could not, in fact, chill.

“I’m just going to go look for him. Call me if you hear anything.” With that, he flew out the door, running as long and far as he could until he found Kenma.

The streets were relatively quiet, once he veered from the main road. Kenma would have tried to find his way back using the most obscure side streets as to avoid all of the people, so he had to be around somewhere.

His heart nearly gave out when he saw