, could you add the sweetest dinner plate you have, one that also has the most calories if possible," Gabriel said with his own charming grin, confusing the poor waiter even more. Brownie points were given to said waiter when he simply agreed to the request without asking questions.

Gabriel simply gave Sam a challenging look once the waiter left, one that clearly stated "Your turn."

An infamous Sam Winchester bitch face exclusive was the reward.  If he wasn’t careful, Gabe’s continuous shenanigans were going to make his face stick like this.

“Well along with that, would you mind adding one of your famous house salads? If it’s no trouble...”

“Oh, it’s no trouble at all sir. I’ll be right back with your orders very soon. Enjoy the rest of your time.” Flipping his pocket book to it’s cover, Kenny slipped it back into his pocket. He’s seen some strange customers before, but these two seemed like they were trying to…one up each other? Either way, he was just going to keep to himself and hope they were gracious enough to at least tip him.

“What’s with you and trying to shove salads down my throat all the time?”

Sam chuckled softly; arms crossing while resting atop the laminated countertop. “Not only do I like the look you get but it just so happens this place’s choice in dressing is Italian, and I know how much you love Italian dressing~”

Gabriel had to fight to keep a poker face and not scrunch his nose up in disgust. Italian dressing was probably one of the least sweet dressings they could possibly have. Now poppy seed on the other hand? That was a dressing worth getting.


Think sweet thoughts. When this week is over, all the sweets you could possibly want. Just wait, only...6 more days...? Hell, if Sam keeps shoving salad down my throat there's no way I'm gonna make it...


"You know, I'm not feelin' the love here Sammy. Even after I was nice to you the other day and didn't make you eat strictly candy or ice cream for breakfast," Gabe taunts, trying to guilt Sam even the slightest. Not that it would do any good for their dinner since the order had already been placed... Maybe getting to watch Sammy eat whatever their sweetest food plate was would make up for the salad he would have to choke down...

“I have no idea what you’re talking about, I can just feel the love radiating through the air.” Determined, Sam was forced to bury his conscience. If he was going to win this, his soft heart was banned from showing through until the bittersweet end.

Words seemingly useless, the two began to partake in a short lived staring contest. If they happened to be alone it might have gone on a little longer then necessary, but an increasingly uncomfortable waiter broke the tension with a soft cough.

“Sorry to interrupt?” For a quick second Kenny gave an inquisitive look between the two. Figuring it was none of his business, or just plain not caring, he started setting the plates in front of their respective owners.

“I hope these were the calories you were looking for.” Gabriel gave a small snicker at the offhanded joke the kid tried to make. Content with that, Kenny gave his own smile as he set down a lemon cream cake.

Sam all but sucked in his lips and squeezed his eyes shut. Out of all things. Lemon. His taste buds were going to hate him. Hell, he hated himself right now for agreeing to this stupid challenge. 

Gabriel thought that, had he been human, he surely would have died simply from holding in his laughter at the expression on his dear Sammy's face. He was also tempted to take the treat for himself, if Sam was going to be so ungrateful about it...

"That looks perfect, thank you," Gabriel said kindly with a large smile to the waiter. After all, he was distracting himself as long as possible so he didn't have to look at the monstrosity that was placed in front of him. Why did humans eat such things anyway? Never mind the fact that many of them actually found these plants tasty and healthy. Why couldn't candy be considered a health food?

Finally relinquishing himself, he looked once more from Sam's plate, with a mournful gaze as his eyes met his own "dinner". It was going to be a long week.

Once Kenny placed the final plate down, he gave the two grief stricken men a dazzling smile only a waiter could possess. This meant it probably wasn’t all that impressive, but they couldn’t say he didn’t try. Whoever these two were, they were pretty entertaining. Who would be able to hold in a smile at such an imposing man as the brunet one when he shrank so low with just a mere glimpse of his “meal”. The strawberry blonde one though, seemed like he was trying to spontaneously combust the plants he stabbed onto his fork with