bit of a ru-Hey it’s you!” Toudou said hoping that that hadn’t sounded as excited as he suddenly felt. Suddenly the biking meeting he was going to at university didn’t seem as important.

“And you are?” Toudou wondered if the green haired dude realized he always looked disinterested.

“I’m Toudou Jinpachi! I can’t believe you don’t know who I am.” Toudou shook his head in disappointment. “I have fan clubs devoted to me you know!”

“You’re the guy who’s zipper my hair got stuck in.” The other said after a moment nodding slightly. Then he started walking again like now that that problem was solved he no longer needed to be there.

“Aren’t you even a little impressed?”

“Does it matter?” The comment was thrown over his shoulder so casually Toudou wanted to chase after him and explain that yes in fact it did matter. Then he was so taken aback by the sudden realization that it did bother him that the guy was lost in the crowd before he could react. Oh well he had a meeting to get to. Toudou Jinpachi was never late, except possibly to this meeting.

The next time he saw the guy was at a bike race. Well halfway through a bike race more accurately. Toudou was climbing and of course he was faster than everyone else so it was an almost guaranteed win for his university. That was right up until someone passed him halfway up the hill. Iridescent green hair and a dance that tilted his bike so far that at first Toudou thought he was over exerting himself. Toudou grinned all of a sudden the thrill of racing was back. Just when biking had started getting almost boring. The race was close, Toudou finished less than half a second behind the other. It made the defeat sting all the more honestly. To make matters worse other than for half a second as they crossed the finish line the green haired guy didn’t even smile.

“Why aren’t you smiling!?” Toudou demanded storming after the other. “You beat me! You should at least look pleased about it!”

“It is you.” The guy blinked at him. “I thought so.”

“You should be smiling!” Toudou glared at him. His glare turned into a wince as the other attempted a smile.

“See? I’m not good at faking smiles.” He shook his head. “So there’s not much point in trying.”

“If you’re going to be my rival you need a smile for the rare occasions in which you beat me!” Toudou insisted following him.

“Who said I’m going to be your rival?”

“You’re the only person who’s beaten me in years of course you’re my rival.” Toudou waved a hand. “We’re going to be fantastic rivals!”

The other just rolled his eyes but he turned back to Toudou just before he entered a tent. “My name is Makishima.”

“What?”

“You asked my name, it’s Makishima.” And he was gone into his universities tent.

Toudou suddenly felt sort of floaty. By the time he got to his own universities tent he was more excited for the upcoming biking season than he’d been since he started winning every race. He was just barely able to play off his excitement for upcoming races as a need to win now that he’d lost.

Over the next few races he kept a tally. They won one each over and over staying even with every race they had. Toudou started calling Makishima Maki-Chan at some point but Maki-Chan never called him anything but Toudou. Except when they were nearing the finish line. Their banter had increased with every race and when they neared the finish line Maki-Chan would call him Jinpachi. It was that banter that was very quickly out stripping the cheers of his fangirls for the thing that pushed him towards the finish line every time.

Just before the last race of the season they were tied at eight wins each and he was beginning to wonder if Maki-Chan checked for his name in the listings as often as he checked for Maki-Chan’s. Maki-Chan always acted as though the rivalry meant nothing to him but it didn’t matter if it did or not, so Toudou told himself anyway, as long as Maki-Chan raced him all out for every finish line.

“Maki-Chan!!” Toudou grinned as he got to the start line of the last race of the season. He didn’t let Maki-Chan’s wince at the nickname bother him. “Are you ready for the tie breaker race?”

“Of course.” Makishima looked at him. It wasn’t quite a smile on his face but he didn’t look completely annoyed either so Toudou counted it as a win.

“You’ve been eating correctly right? Lots of carbs and less ice cream?” Toudou narrowed his eyes slightly giving Makishima a quick one over. He still looked as scrawny as ever, honestly it was hard to tell if