wasn't as uncomfortable about that as he should've been. The silence had stretched to the point where he was about to ask what next when McKay suddenly shifted the Beretta to his left hand and, his eyes never leaving John's face, unbuttoned and unzipped his khakis.

John's breath hitched.

"I've always wondered if that mouth was good for anything other than smirking and sweet-talking alien priestesses into bed." The Beretta was back in McKay's right hand and John had completely missed the moment of weakness, his gaze fixed on the white triangle of boxers visible in the vee of McKay's unzipped pants. "Come here," McKay ordered, and John shivered.

He took a step, only realizing he'd licked his lips when McKay snorted derisively. "Lieutenant Colonel John Sheppard, Slut of the Pegasus Galaxy," McKay said, and heat burned in John's cheeks. Somehow, though, that didn't stop the heat that was building in his gut, flowing down to tighten his balls and fill his dick. Folding his arms across his chest to hide the unsteadiness of his hands, he kept moving forward, stopping when he was just out of McKay's reach.

McKay had shifted the aim of his Beretta as John moved; the barrel was touching the front of John's shirt now, and in his peripheral vision John could tell that it was perfectly steady. How could McKay be so cool and calm when John's hands were trembling? Well, yeah, being on the right side of the firearm helped, but still. He'd really had no idea McKay had it in him. None at all.

He could probably knock the Beretta aside, take McKay out. John was still better at hand-to-hand than McKay was, thanks to hours of training with Teyla, and McKay was also likely to be a little...distracted...at the moment. John's dick throbbed, and he was uncomfortably aware that he was also a little distracted at the moment.

"Now is not the time to have a sudden and uncharacteristic attack of modesty, Colonel," McKay said, interrupting John's thoughts. "On your knees."

There was a split second where John considered trying to disarm McKay, despite the fact that the odds weren't on his side, but he found himself sinking to his knees instead, his body apparently far more in touch with reality than his brain was. The floor was cold and hard under his knees, and his dick ached, but he didn't dare do more than just shift slightly.

"Good decision," McKay said, and John should have remembered that McKay was far more perceptive than people usually gave him credit for. He'd obviously been watching—and correctly interpreting—John's internal struggle; working together in close proximity for nearly a year had given McKay insights into John that no one else had. It was something that had been a benefit to them in the field, but was turning out to be a huge liability to John in the current situation.

He tilted his head to the side a little and smiled up at McKay. "I didn't really have a choice, did I?" he said, trying to ignore the little voice in his head that whispered, Oh, that's good, John. Flirt with the crazy man who's pointing a gun at you.

"We always have a choice, John," McKay said softly. The way he said John's name—almost tenderly—made something twist, sharp and hard, in John's chest, and John didn't exactly make a conscious decision to give in to McKay, to give in to the situation he found himself in, but he stopped fighting all the same.

"What now?" he asked. It was a formality; they both knew what McKay wanted, what John was going to do.

McKay smiled again, a smaller, darkly unamused version of his usual grin. He used the Beretta's barrel to tip John's chin up, then gently tapped its muzzle against John's slightly parted lips. "Now you suck my cock," he answered, and for a second John couldn't breathe.

Then his breath was coming faster, more ragged, and he was sliding his hands up the front of McKay's thighs, not caring anymore that they were trembling. McKay's free hand slid around the back of his head, fingers tangling in his hair and pulling him forward until he was mouthing the hard lines of McKay's erection through the cotton boxers.

Eyes closed, John felt the Beretta's barrel press along his cheekbone, cold against the heat of his face, the acrid smell of burnt powder and gun oil dragging an unexpected moan from him. He rubbed his cheek surreptitiously against the steel slide.

"Open up," McKay ordered, pressing his thumb against John's lips. His voice was rough, and when John opened his eyes and looked up, he found McKay staring down at him with such intensity that John thought he could