mouth full and the result was a moan from Steve that ended in a sharp, jabbed punch to his shoulder and a tug on his hair.

"Ain’t sexy to laugh on it, Barnes,” he grumbled, blushing clear down to his nipples. “And you better not be laughing at it, or you-“

"Never, baby doll," Bucky promised, kissing the head of his cock after he’d gotten his mouth free. "Never, ever, ever. Every bit of you, pretty as a picture. Now, you wanna roll over and let me-?"

"Oh my God,” Steve said, shoulders hunching inward. “That’s-“

"Trust me," Bucky murmured, smirking and confident until Steve started to slide a finger into him and his eyes rolled and his lashes fluttered, his voice going huskier, more rasping. "You- like it. Jesus God-“

"You do," Steve confirmed, twisting his finger as he pushed it in deep enough to get Bucky to clench his metal fist in the sheet beside Steve’s hip and push backward. "But don’t. Here."

Steve tossed Steve the lube with his free hand before starting to tease Bucky with the threat of a second finger, maybe, even, he implied with a brush against the other side, two more, and Bucky was panting so hard he tried to bury his face in Steve’s stomach, but Steve pushed him up so he could see his expression.

"Jesus," he marveled. "Is that what I look like when you-"

"Yes," Steve answered. "More so. Tongue pops out of your mouth and you don’t notice you’re drooling on yourself until you have to flip the pillow later."

"Goddamn it, Steve," Bucky panted, tucking his chin against his shoulder. "You can’t just-"

"Eyes on him," Steve ordered, and then he shot Steve a slow, conspiring smile. "Do it yourself."

Steve laughed shyly, squirming downward under Bucky’s chest, still held up on his hands and knees, popping the cap and slicking his fingers.

"You’re both shits," Bucky gasped out as he forced his eyes to stay open long enough to watch Steve work past his hesitation far enough to start prepping himself, managing to catch almost every flinch and whimper even as he was writhing and rocking and trying with increasing vehemence to jerk his hips enough to get Steve to hurry up. "You’re both punks, and shits, and- Stevie, God-“

"You’re just getting what you asked for," Steve reminded him, his breath starting to catch as he closed his eyes, pushing into himself with a third finger. "Nngh. Look- look at me, Buck. Look, s-see?"

"I’m gonna beat both of you," Bucky threatened when Steve’s moan was followed up by Steve pushing three fingers straight into his prostate and grinding his thumb into his perineum. "I’m gonna- I’m gonna-"

"Shut up, Barnes," Steve said fondly, watching his hair toss as he fought to watch Steve, his face crumpled in concentration, while Steve was stretchinghim open, too, steady and a little more relentless than Bucky had ever been with him.

"You wanna?" Steve asked him, stroking his chest with the hand not busy between his own hoisted up thighs. "You know you can, if you wanna, I don’t mind-"

"I love it," Steve amended. "I love it when you’re on me, and in me, and all over me. I want you so bad, Bucky, look at me, look how much I do."

Steve would have glared if he could see past Bucky’s shoulders, but he didn’t, exhaling in a slow shudder as he took his fingers out, taking just a little more lube from the tiny bottle and pouring it into his palm.

"Baby," Bucky tried, because little Steve was actually more likely, he thought, than big Steve, to listen to him when he started begging, but Steve’s mouth interrupted his lips as he curled his re-slicked hand around Bucky’s cock and squeezed, sucking on Bucky’s bottom lip.

"Bucky," he murmured back, caressing his cheek. "Bucky, Bucky-"

"Fuck," Bucky sighed against his mouth.

"You should," Steve agreed. "Bout ready for it, ain’tcha?"

Steve sucked on his own lower lip for a moment before he moved, rocking up and pushing his hips into Bucky’s stomach as he jerked the pillows down and put them under his ass. As he was doing it, Bucky was mouthing at his nipples and making him shake, and as soon as he fell down again, he shoved at the side of Bucky’s head.

"Don’t suck ’em like that, I ain’t a dame, you stupid-“

"Oh, Christ, Jesus," Bucky cut him off with a brief, shaky kiss. "