trip tomorrow.”

Riley gave him a playful smack as he and Rick ran outside to join the kids, Glenn, Tara, and some of the others who were rushing out to play in the snow.

.     .     .

Sure enough, the next morning, the sun wasn’t even fully up when there was a knock at their bedroom door. Before either of them could say anything, Daryl’s voice was saying, “y’all decent?”

Rick leaned down and grabbed his jeans and t-shirt from the floor. He pulled his jeans on and handed Riley the t-shirt which she quickly pulled over her head. “Not exactly,” Rick answered, “but come on in.” They’d all been through so much together, Riley wondered if they even bothered with these things out of habit or because it was some ingrained part of their socialization that they hadn’t quite unlearned yet.

Daryl opened the door and carried Judith in. “This little one is going to be a hunter someday, waking up with the sun.”

Riley stayed in the bed, the sheets pulled up to her waist, and held out her arms. “You can give her to me, Daryl.”

Rick was pulling on socks and his boots, then he started piling on layers of shirts. Finally he strapped on his gun belt, leaned down and kissed Riley and Judith, and followed Daryl downstairs.

Riley snuggled back in the bed with Judith, who never quite went back to sleep but stayed calm enough that Riley could at least get a little more rest. She and Rick had not used their night of babysitting solely for sleep, but she didn’t regret it.

Eventually she roused the crew sleeping over, fed them all breakfast, and herded them over to Carol’s where they spent the day cooking, decorating, and just enjoying being together.

Shortly after sundown, the hunting group returned. Rick popped his head in the front door and asked if someone could open the garage door. Riley and Carol went around, opened the door, and met Rick, Daryl, and Abraham.

“You’ll never believe this.” Daryl said, giving Carol a hug. “We found a flock of wild turkeys!”

.     .     .

The next day, they feasted first. They ate roast turkey, cornbread stuffing, cranberry sauce, sweet potatoes, green beans, and even pumpkin pie.

“How in tarnation did you make these pumpkin pies?” Eugene asked after his first bite.

“You have Riley to thank for that,” Carol said.

“My boyfriend, you know, before, he was a vegan. I learned all kinds of tricks for replacing eggs.”

“You’ve been holding out on us, girl!” Sasha chided.

Rick squeezed her hand.

When they finished eating, they all gathered in the living room, where a beautiful Christmas tree covered in garland, lights, and shiny ornaments stood in the corner. Judith kept crawling over to it, mesmerized.

Sasha spoke up. “My family always started gifts with the youngest. Judith didn’t do Secret Santa, so I think that leaves Enid. So who was Enid’s Secret Santa?”

“No, no! I want to GIVE my gift first!” Enid popped up and grabbed one of the packages from under the tree, and walked over to Glenn. “Merry Christmas, Glenn!” She leaned down and hugged him, then went back to her spot to watch him open his gift.

He tore into the wrapping paper, wondering aloud what it could be. But when he saw it, he went silent. Riley couldn’t tell for sure from across the room, but she kind of thought she saw a tear spring up in the corner of his eye. He held it out for Maggie to see, and Maggie turned and gave a grateful smile to Enid. Glenn then turned it toward the room. “It’s a picture frame. It says ‘We honor the dead by living.’ And it has ‘Mom, Dad, Hershel, Dale, Andrea, Tyreese’ around the edges. Thank you, so much, Enid.”

People around the room pulled each other a little closer, grabbed each other’s hands, and exchanged quick kisses. Riley leaned over and gave Carl a squeeze.

“Sasha, you seem to know how this all works. What next?” Deanna asked.

“Now Glenn gives his gift.”

Glenn went over and selected a package from under the tree and handed it to Abraham. “Merry Christmas, man!”

Abraham opened the package to find a box of cigars. “You’re a damn fine man, Glenn Rhee.”

Abraham pulled a small package from his pocket and walked over to Sasha. “Merry Christmas, Sash.”

She opened the package and gasped a little. “Abraham, where did you get this?” Then she looked over at Daryl.

“He traded me for it, but he did the carving himself.”

Sasha held it up for everyone to see. It was a green agate, cut into the shape of a heart.

“I chose that for you because the only thing