him. Goddamn, Cas had gotten better at this. Dean drew in a harsh breath when the angel kept tugging at his belt, the leather digging into his hip. "Dean," the angel said impatiently, and the hunter understood the implication in his voice. He was asking if he could just whisk their clothes away with angel mojo, something that had turned out very useful in the past.

"No." Dean's voice was a husky whisper, and he felt the angel tense with annoyance; but he didn't break with his thrusting, the hunter noticed with a chuckle at the back of his throat. Dean broke the suction on Cas's neck and glanced into his ocean blue eyes, savoring the impatience there, savoring the fact that Cas wants this.

And then he attacks him.

Lips against lips, hot and demanding, Dean clawed at the angel's tie, throwing hard across the room as if it had insulted him. Cas slipped his hands up, grabbing the bottom hem of Dean's band shirt and yanking it up over the hunter's head. Their lips met again, impossibly hotter this time with the hunter's tongue slipping in between the angel's lips, as Dean struggled with the buttons on Cas's shirt and Cas fought with the leather of Dean's belt. The angel won first, and the hunter groaned at the release of pressure on his hips and the cold against his cock. Dean lost patience and with a mental fuck it he yanked on the last three buttons. Cas helped him strip the offending garment from his arms, and that too was flung to the other side of the room. The angel reached his hands back down to the hunter's hips, seeking to relieve the straining bulge of some pressure, but Dean pushed himself up against Castiel, skin-on-skin, precome beading and spilling through the fabric of their boxers, and the contact sends forks of electricity through their bodies.

Castiel let out a soft whimper at the touch, his mind blurring from the onslaught of pleasure. No patience left to speak of, he takes the hunter's earlobe in his teeth and breathes harshly, his hands slotting Dean's hip against him so that rigid bulge presses against rigid bulge, and now it's Dean's turn to whimper.

"More." Cas's breath shakes in his throat, and he's barely able to control himself. This is what the hunter does to him, this is what it turns him into, a debauched pervert, and god if that doesn't turn Dean on. He reached down and unbuttoned the angel's pants with shaking hands. Cas hissed out a harsh breath, shaking, flesh quivering. The hunter's hands were cold against the length of his cock, and Castiel groaned loudly, letting the earlobe slip out from between his teeth as Dean's hands clasped around him. The man chuckled darkly.

"Like that, babe?"
"Yes, Dean...yes."

He stroked slow, teasing the angel, watching his face intently, watching as the angel unraveled in front of him. Tracing the lines of the pulsing veins and circling around the base of the head. Shaking, panting, his blue pulse jumping out from his neck. It made the saliva stick to the back of the hunter's throat and the hunger in his stomach become barely tolerable.

Cas whimpered again. He was quiet, and when he did make a noise, his lungs were bursting. Dean raised an eyebrow. "More?" He asked. Castiel nodded, not trusting himself to speak. Dean stroked faster, twisting it a bit at the end the way he knew the angel liked. He stroked the wet head with his thumb in circles, and Cas's knees sagged. "Please," he choked out, "please, Dean. Come...closer." The hunter grinned, and stepped forward, supporting the shaking angel with his body.

Castiel kissed him greedily, as if he needed it to breathe. Reaching down, he yanked the hem of Dean's jeans down, catching him by surprise. Cas grabbed a handful of his ass and pressed their hips together, and both angel and hunter cried out when their swollen, throbbing erections pressed together. Castiel sunk slightly from the shock, and Dean laughed breathlessly."Fuck, Cas," he muttered, and the angel grinned happily. Their hips started to rock together-neither one was sure who started it-in just the way they needed, just the way that caused them to go mindless. They were covered in sweat, gasping, writhing, saying each other's name as if it were a most sacred prayer. Their necks fit together, and mouth pressed against hot mouth; skin crackling with electric pleasure at every touch, every connection.

"Babe," whispered Dean. "Cas."
"Dean," came the reply.

Each of them were slick with sweat and precome was weeping from their cocks, and the breaths weren't breaths now; they were gasps and moans, groaning and begging. They knew they weren't going to