shoulder and Pidge disappears sometimes, but you are fine with this. Everyone has secrets and yours is hidden under your bed, in a tiny box, a secret you can’t share with Hunk or anyone else, aside from your siblings. 



You spend your holidays huddled in a corner with them, reaching three hundred cranes.



It’s a rainbow of prayers.


 



Please come back safe.



 



Please be safe.



 



Please be alive.



 


You gravitate towards darker paper with time, rare white cranes in between, your box is too full to continue soon and you send them to your sister.



She sends back even more paper.


 



Four hundred ninety nine.



 


There is hope in your heart and no more air in your lungs.



He is standing right before you, eyes dark and perfect, the front of his hair white and pretty, snow snow snow, life.



He is alive.


 


You lose all of your progress but you don’t care.



Your wish changes a little bit more with every day.



Shiro collects pretty pebbles.



He absolutely despises insects, is terrified of them actually.



He has PTSD and doesn’t sleep unless there is no other choice.



You catch him on the Holodeck some nights, staring into space, his fingers tracing faint shapes on the glass. almost like he is looking for constellations, something to remember home.



You find material that reminds you of paper and that night you start with the cranes again.


 



Please let me stay by his side.



 



Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen.



 



Two hundred thirty five. Two hundred thirty six. Two hundred thirty seven.



 


Your hands hurt, but your biggest problem is that you are almost out of paper. You find a planet with something similar sometimes, space Mall is your salvation.


 



Shiro’s hand on your arm, his breath on your shoulder, warmth seeping into your body. You feel like you are in heaven for a moment, but then he gasps and shoots up. His eyes are so full of fear and pain and you are too frozen to reach out and touch him. To hug him and help him. 



 



Four hundred and seventy eight. Four hundred and seventy nine. Four hundred and eighty.



 



Please let me help him.



 


You pay with jokes and tears hidden in your pillow. 



Her smile is sad and gentle as you step forward to shield your family and she bows her head as you name your secret as a gift.


 


You lose all your progress again.


 


You start anew and she hands you something black and shimmery.




This once this is a gift. Use it wisely.




She is gone the second you whirl around to thank her and you are left with one sparkling paper crane and a wish on your lips.


 



Please let me stay by his side.



 



Eighty nine. Ninety. Ninetyone.



 


Words are dripping onto paper, prayers for safety, one, two, three wishes for love and that one time you wish for Zarkon to just disappear.



But that one wish always, always, always stays.


 



Three hundred. Three hundred and one. three hundred and two.



 


You teach Allura to fold paper cranes one lost evening bathed in golden light from a dying star. Shiro is sleeping on the sofa, guarded by your team. Hunk is folding one little mouse after the other, Pidge is trying to recreate Rover and Coran is failing altogether. Keith is too impatient and you teach him little finger figurines and somehow you end up telling them about that one thing keeping you together.



For a few minutes you play around with finger animals clad hands and a whole zoo of mice and cats and dogs.



No one laughs at you.



Instead you watch Allura lift her first crane and whisper a wish to it before starting with the next.



Instead Keith just hands you some more paper and you keep folding.



You feel safe for a moment. 


 


This one lost moment in time.









Please let me help him.





Please let me be useful.



 



Seven hundred sixty five. Seven hundred sixty six. Seven hundred sixty seven.



 



Seven hundred seventy seven.



 


His hand brushes yours for a moment and you smile at his back.



Keith punches your shoulder and you stick out your tongue.



You can hear Shiro laugh at something Pidge mumbles and when he looks back your eyes meet.



A moment brighter than any sun and better than falling in love for the first time.



Every day you fall a little bit faster.



A little bit deeper.



Shiro is picky about his food and hates carrots. He eats them like he is walking towards his death and you can’t help but cherish that. 



He still spends nights on the holodeck, looking for constellations, but now you are all with him. You and Pidge are making up constellations, Big Shiro, Little Hunk, Emo Tea, Lion Smile. 


 



Just please let me stay with him. He doesn’t have to love me. this is enough.



 


It’s never enough. You crave his smiles, you live for his warmth and his hands on your shoulder, you sing at his praise and you fall and fall and fall with every glance, touch, and sound he makes for you.


 



Nine hundred eighty one. Nine