of my chest, and the three big guys in front of me, and… why am I nervous again?

                “It’s just water.”

                “Water from another world!”

                “Does it taste any different?”

                “Hmm, it may be a bit metallic.”

                “But that’s because of the bottle!”

                The sound of laughter from beyond the back gate catches our attention. Murata is bent over laughing, and wipes tears from the corners of his eyes. Well, I heartily hope you smudge your glasses.

                “Murata, it’s almost nine. Why are you here?”

                “Aww, I thought you said I’m welcome anytime for dinner.”

                “Dinner was two hours ago!”

                Ahh, I’m too tired to play the straight man to four idiots at once. “Seriously, though, why are you here?”

                “I sensed maryoku in the neighbourhood.” The expression on Murata’s face is nostalgic. “If you want to train, I can help.”

                “Huh? How?”

                “You’ll see.” Murata hops onto the fence, and it takes a good three minutes before he finally hauls himself over the side, landing butt-first onto the ground with a loud thud. He even sits there panting for a while.

                I look at him expressionlessly. “You do know I could have opened the door for you, right?”

                “But—th-that way is—cooler—”

                No, I really don’t think so.

                Josak tsk-tsks again. “Your Eminence, we really need to work on your stamina. That goes for you too, Yuu-chan.”

                Huh? I’m pretty sure I’m fit, especially compared to Murata. Then I notice Josak’s guns again, and can’t stop myself from swallowing hard. If I can get muscles like that— “Ow! What was that for!?”

                Wolfram glares at me, completely unapologetic. “Your eyes are about to fall out of your head. At least don’t make it so obvious, you pervert.”

                “Yuu-chan, I’m flattered~”

                “Wait, no, you’re misunderstanding! I just want his body—”

                Ah, I’m doomed.

But seriously though, how would you feel if you suddenly found out your roommate/classmate/possible best friend (and possibly more ;) is actually older than your grandfather...

//three seconds of silence for AU Yuuri

In which things get busy for Yuuri and co.

Finally, a time skip T^T Everything before this happened practically day by day gah what is this timing


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

In the end, the water was completely normal water. It didn’t even have the courtesy to taste metallic.

                “What were you expecting? For the water to turn into wine?”

                Even if it doesn’t explode or change color when I touch it, I’d at least hope it was sweet.

                Still, I was thirsty, so I drained the entire bottle.

                “Do you feel any different?” Murata asks somewhat nervously after I’m done. I shake my head, feeling a bit disappointed. My feelings must have shown on my face, because Murata pats my shoulder sympathetically. “Don’t worry, this is just the beginning. With this, you have unlocked your potential.”

                Are you really sure? I look at him with full-on suspicion, until his expression turns exasperated.

                “Don’t you trust me? I’m the Sage, y’know. You should call me a name with ‘Your’ in front.”

                “Don’t get ahead of yourself.” I punch him playfully.

                Rubbing his arm, Murata starts explaining the basics of this demon magic. Is it called majutsu or maryoku?

               “Why does everything have to have a ‘ma’ in front, just because we’re mazoku? Maybe it’s just my Earth mentality, but having a ‘ma’ in front of everything just MAkes everything sound more MAlicious—Gah, now I’ve caught the ‘ma’ MAlady as well!”

                “I would call that MAgnificent, wouldn’t you-ri?” Conrad chirps in cheerfully, and what follows is a cold, cold silence. Murata even sneezes.

                Josak sounds admiring. “Cap’n, your jokes are so bad now they can even give His Eminence a cold.”

                “Oh, I couldn’t take all the credit for that.”

                Do you even want to? Beside me, Wolfram sighs heavily. “I’m sorry you had to hear that, Yuuri.”

                I rub the goosebumps on my arm, but can’t help smiling. It’s probably strange to put it this way, but I’m glad to know that Conrad has a weakness like that, because it makes him feel – for lack of a better word—human. And for him to show me this lame side of him, does that mean that I can assume we’ve gotten closer?

                “Anyway,” Murata claps his hands together. “I think it’s