soulmate tattoo?" 

jackson's eyes raise so fast they probably flew right off his face and are halfway to the atmosphere now, "erh..." he says. 

he looks down at his forearm where his hoodie is hiding his mark, it's not that he actively hides his tattoo (maybe he should, it is kind of unconventional) he's just not used to being asked so bluntly about it. back in hong kong people tended not to really ask about the mark's but maybe it's different in thailand? who's he to judge. it's not like he's ashamed of his tattoo or anything. he's long ago (about six months ago) come to terms with the fact that he's going to have to win over his soulmate before they can have their 'happily ever after', which isn't really fair in the grand scheme of things because having a soulmate was supposed to be the easy way out, but it's whatever- jackson's never really been for the easy way out. 

"sure," he shrugs, lifting up the selves of his jumper to reveal the words. 

bambam's eye brows furrow, "oh," he says. he's quiet, taking it in and thinking for a moment, before he bursts into laughter, face going red and tears welling up in his eyes. 

if the scene wasn't so cute jackson would have been offended. 

bambam makes a show of wiping the tears off of his round cheeks, huge eyes shining as he smirks, "i-," he shakes his head in... disbelief, maybe? before calming down, "that's very nice," is all he says. 

"c'mon then," jackson says, definitely not pouting at being openly laughed at, "show me yours then." 

bambam does and proudly, grabbing the collar of his sweat shirt and pulling it down to reveal the korean characters etched onto the skin just below his collar bone. unlike jackson's tattoo, which is faint and wispy in the way that all soulmate mark's are when the person hasn't met their soulmate yet, bambam's is bolded in black, stark against his dark skin, indicating that he's already met his soulmate. 

jackson's eyes widen and bambam grins at the reaction, "how?" jackson asks in disbelief, "you're only like twelve." 

"i'm about to turn fifteen," bambam pouts which makes him look about five so therefore proving jackson's point. 

he takes a closer look and makes out something about '-not looking where i was going'. jackson huffs, of course this child got one of those straight-out-of-a-drama meet-cutes where the protagonist bumps into their soulmate and time slows down and birds sing their heavenly tunes as they look into each others eyes and realise that this was the person they were meant to spend the rest of their lives with, while all jackson's gets is a proclamation of hatred. but he's not bitter or anything. cough. 

another voice chimes in before jackson can get too deep into his soulmate envy funk, and said voice causes bambam's face to light up. 

"yugyeom!" he says, ushering him over, "come meet jackson, he's a new trainee from hong kong." his korean is silted and his accent is heavier than it is in english but it's so endearing that jackson smiles. bambam's also much better than jackson's lousy attempts at speaking the language. 

a boy walks over who looks to be about six times bigger than bambam and about twice as tall jackson with a face that at first, looks much older than bambam, but when he smiles it's full of teenage youth and sunshine and jackson might just have to adopt him too. 

"hello," yugyeom says, bowing before sitting cross legged on the floor beside bambam, "'97 line."

jackson is confused until he remembers the age hierarchy they have in korea that he somehow complete forgot about when talking with bambam in english and shit, he doesn't know what to do now so he just repeats the greeting back to yugyeom who smiles like he's fond and wait- isn't he supposed to be the 'hyung' in this situation, why is yugyeom smiling at him like he's proud of him, they've just met! 

"this is my soulmate," bambam says and god, korean is so hard. he wants to go back to speaking in english, that was so much easier. 

yugyeom grins at the worlds and it's really sickening to watch these two youths bask in their easy love. all soulmate couples are like this when they first meet and it seems that jackson's adopted brothers are no different, he really should have thought twice before signing those none existent adoption papers. 

 


                                


 

it's been a week since jackson has moved into the dorms and he's been... adapting to the life style in korea. 'adapting' being used loosely in this context. apparently living in a country for