actually was.

“Vargas,” growled the woman as she came within speaking distance. “You didn’t say anything about bringing a friend.”

Leo smiled and reached out her hand in his trademark friendly gesture. “Ma’am, nice to meet you, I’m...”

“No-one I particularly care about,” the Librarian interrupted, turning to Nick. “I’m not a storage service,” she said.

“I know.” Nick spread his hands, trying to placate her. “I really appreciate the help, Mina. I owe you one.”

“You owe me twenty grand, that’s what you do.” She reached into her pocket for a key and hobbled over to the building barracks, unlocking the door. “Come on in then, I don’t have time to stand around here all day.”

Stepping into the barrack was like stepping through the door to enter a study at Oxford. There was a large heavy wooden desk with a green table lamp. The walls were lined with bookshelves, and there was a glass cabinet where a few especially valuable volumes were kept behind etched glass doors. In one corner was an overstuffed leather chair, and beside it a low round table with ivory inlays in the wood, covered with a high pile of books.

The Librarian stepped over to the desk and used another key to unlock a drawer. She fished Nick’s flashdrive out and handed it to him. “There. Now, where is my money?”

“You’ll have it tomorrow, I promise. You know I’m good for it.”

The Librarian snorted. “That’s what your friend said yesterday. I hear you’re going to try to make trouble for Fabian Frost?”

Nick nodded and took the drive out of her hand. He let it slide into his pocket, not wanting to hand it over to Leo until they were out of sight. “Where did you hear that?”

She tapped her nose, walked over to the chair, and sat down, reaching for a big, leatherbound book. “I know everything, you should know that by now. Don’t worry, I’m not going to tell anyone. About time someone put that man in his place if you ask me.”

“Seems like a lot of people have been telling me that lately,” Nick said. He could feel Leo watching him, the look itching on the skin of his neck. “Seems like a lot of people have gotten into their head that I’m the one to do it too. Any idea why that is?”

“Good advice is extra,” spat the Librarian. Then her glower softened a little bit. Only people who knew her would recognize it for the tiny smile it was. “In my experience, if there’s a general consensus, it’s best to listen to it. You should make up your own mind, of course, but if everyone are saying something, odds are they’re a little bit right.”

Nick couldn’t help wondering what she meant by that exactly. Then again, the Librarian enjoyed speaking in riddles, so much more clever than everyone else that she refused to give out any information at all that the recipient didn’t have to work for.

“Thanks, I think,” he muttered. 

They left her in the barrack and walked back to the car. Nick handed over the drive and Leo took it, brushing their fingers together as he did so. 

Nick took out his cell phone and dialled Fabian’s private number. He’d been told to call the office to set up the new meeting, but he wanted to talk to Fabian in person, see if he could get a read on what was happening. Besides, he knew it would annoy Fabian and that was a bonus. 

It took a while for Fabian to pick up the call, and when he did, there was a very irritated note in his voice. “What?” he barked out. 

Nick had to smile to himself. Mission accomplished. “Fabian,” he said. “I was just calling to set up that meeting we were talking about yesterday. How are you? You sound a little upset.”

He could almost imagine how much of an effort it took for Fabian to get a hold of himself. When he answered again, his voice was back to the silky smooth tone, even if there was still an undercurrent of displeasure there. Nick was suddenly desperate to know why.

“Not at all,” Fabian said. “Merely a little snag that needs to be sorted. Where are you, pet?”

Nick looked around the parking lot. There was no one else in sight.  “Oh, I’m around,” he said. “Running a few errands, you know how it is.” 

Had Fabian already found out about his visit to the police precinct? Nick immediately started running through possible explanations should Fabian decide to ask about that. He could probably milk Leo’s supposed ‘crush’ for a while, but sooner or later, he was going to have to find a way to justify keeping