on him and beg for forgiveness and to turn and run away as far as possible from the concern in his deep blue eyes staring at her. She tried to gather herself.

"I'm fine. You cannot be here Ron...you will get in trouble coming here. I told you...I told you I will see you at Christmas." she tried to sound calm but the words stuttered out horribly and she dared not look at him directly. He drew a sharp breath and stepped even closer.

"You are not fine! Damn it Hermione! What is going on? Did you really mean everything in that letter? Please tell me you didn't?" he asked sharply. She glanced at him and knew he was trying to keep all his emotions in check but for how long she had no idea. She had to get him away from her fast.

"Ron go back home please. You need to leave now before you get in more trouble" she deliberately ignored his questions as she remained sitting straight up on the couch. To her surprise he suddenly slumped his shoulders and drew his hands through his hair in agony. He looked deflated. 

"Hermione please...no. You can't mean this. Is it something I have done? Do you want to end this? Just tell me what I have to do to fix this. Is it that Eric guy? Please tell me no...please Hermione." his voice broke as he dropped his hands to his side.

Just like that, all her resolve vanished into thin air. She just could not see him like this. She could not hurt him but she wasn't too sure what to tell him at the moment.

"Ron it's not you...it's not anyone else either. It's me. I just have to sort things out...I just need some time that's all. Please try to understand..." she felt the tears begin to roll down her face but she couldn't help herself now. He looked up at her again with confusion on his face as she was dying slowly in front of him. 

"Time? You want time? After all the time we wasted Hermione. After all we have gone through. I thought we were past that. We were together. What has changed? Tell me. Do you not love me again? What the hell is it?" he asked in desperation.

Tell him! Just tell him! and it will be all over.

"Don't say that Ron. I love you. I will always love you. It's just that..." she struggled to get the words out. "You are making this so...hard for me now" she sobbed.

He visibly shook as he seemed to lose all the control he had kept inside from the moment he entered the room.

"Hard for you! God Hermione what the hell do you think this is for me. You are not making any sense. You say you love me but you don't want to be with me. Look if that's the case I am going to make it very easy for you. Just tell me...do you still want a life with me...the life we agreed we wanted...our plan. Do you still want everything in that plan of ours or not?" he looked angry but there were tears in his beautiful eyes as he waited.

She open her mouth but nothing came out. She choked and swallowed as she wiped her eyes. She loved him so much but she had ruined their plan. How could she tell him.

"I do. I do want it...but I can't...I can't give you..." she managed to stammer out before someone came running through the door again.

"Hermione, Erin says you are not looking well at all. I know you don't want to see anyone but..." the tanned blonde hair boy suddenly realised he was not the only male in the room and paused awkwardly. "Oh sorry. I didn't realise you had someone here..."

Ron turned slowly to look at the new face and pulled away sharply from her. He gave her a quick hurtful glance.

"You're right. She doesn't want to see anyone right now especially me it seems so I'm leaving. I'm already late." he stomped through the door and vanished in a flash.

After an agonizing second, Hermione suddenly found her legs and bolted up from her seat, rushing past her surprised classmate and running through the door as quickly as her legs could take her. She was shouting as she scanned the corridors.

"Ron! Ron! Come back please! Don't go!" she screamed as she rounded the first corner and almost ran into the tall lanky body that was as stiff as a nail. He quickly moved away and glared at her again his anger finally taking over she could tell.

"What!  What Hermione. You wanted me to go and that is what I am doing. You were right. I left at the worst possible time without any authorization and