for. He was grateful for the Kalik to wash it down.





Dean told him generally you would have a version of spiced rum with that meal but since they had just met he really didn’t want to get him drunk. Castiel decided not to inform Dean that he could probably drink him under the table, he had a very high tolerance for alcohol.

 

After they ate they went for a walk on the pier just as the sun was setting. The sky was the most amazing shades of reds and oranges and even some purple hues. As they stood there side by side leaning on the railing Castiel said: “So, are you always this nice to guys you just met?”

 

Dean shrugged “No, just the hot ones.” He bumped Castiel with his shoulder.

Castiel smiled, turning his face to Dean his voice turned serious “I had a nice time but I suppose it’s time to return that boat. Will I see you again?”

 

Dean turned so their faces were inches from each other “I’ll be around.”

 

Castiel subconsciously licked his bottom lip and Dean’s eyes followed the gesture.




Did Dean want to kiss Cas? Hell yeah, he did. But he had learned at dinner that Cas was staying at the resort. Therefore, he was a guest and Dean ran the casino. Fraternizing with the guests was not the best idea in the world. Dean wasn’t sure what made him decide not to tell Cas he managed Poseidon's (one of the largest resorts on the island), he just didn’t. Plus, there was the subject of Dean's little problem that tended to make it difficult for him to have anything resembling normal relationships. So now, here they were, standing together under a perfect sunset after an amazing impromptu date and he couldn’t fucking kiss him.

 

Then Cas licked his lip and Dean’s eyes followed that tongue as it slid out of his mouth and lightly grazed Cas’ bottom lip. He was cursing his own damn stupidity at the same moment Cas apparently decided to throw caution to the wind. There was not enough self-control in the world that could have prevented Dean from following when Cas slid his hand into Dean’s hair and pulled him forward. His lips touched Dean’s and he pressed his back against the rail. Dean opened his mouth to protest and Cas’ tongue slid inside. Dean’s protest became a moan as he wrapped his arms around Cas and kissed him back.





Far too soon for Dean’s liking Cas pulled back his eyes seemed to be two shades darker making them a midnight blue. He bit Dean’s bottom lip then said in his gruff voice “I hope I do see you around, Dean.”

 

Dean was breathless when he replied, “Oh, you will.”

 

                                                                                          

Dean went to the edge of Pirate Cove. He folded his clothes and placed them in his duffle bag. He checked the time on his phone 11:55 pm. Any minute now. He turned off his phone and dropped it into his bag too. After zipping up the bag he shoved it into a crevice where it wouldn’t be found overnight and he walked to the edge of the island. Sitting down, Dean dropped his legs into the cool water and waited. Before too long he felt the familiar tingle. It was a similar feeling to accidentally sitting on your foot too long, it didn’t exactly hurt but it wasn’t really pleasant either. The tingle started at his toes and ran up his legs all the way to his hips. His body suddenly lurched and he was tossed into the water. In a manner of seconds, if anyone was watching what they would have seen was a glorious emerald fishtail break the surface of the water and splash down. Then Dean’s head and shoulders emerged cutting through the surface of the water. He wiped the water from his eyes and looked around to make sure not a soul saw his transformation. Then he dove, tail emerging once more, deeper under water.

 

Dean swam down, his ribs now opened from his body in a gill-like fashion allowing him to breathe freely underwater. He cut through the seaweed and under the rocks that seemed immovable until he reached the secret cavern. His voice rang clear as he sang and the rocks slid aside to allow him entry. Inside Atlantis bustled mermen and women were just arriving or waking up depending on if they were half-breeds like Dean or full blooded.





Dean’s father was full blooded and so had been bound by the rule of only being allowed legs once a year, when the moon was at its highest. It was on one of these occasions that Dean was conceived. Dean’s mother was human but his parents fell in love instantly upon seeing each other (or so Dean was told). Dean’s father would swim out to the pier to see her and she would never miss the chance to spend the entirety of the day with him on the summer equinox when he had legs for a day. When Dean was born, she was saddened to find out that in order to keep him alive