at Harry with a raised eyebrow, a hand wrapping around the throbbing cock in front of him, giving him slow, tight strokes. "And what will you give me in return?"
  



  "The fifth best fucking of your life."
  



  "Cocky son of bitch." Louis shook his head, leaning forward to brush the tip of his tongue along the foreskin of Harry's cock, using his fingers to push it back, grazing his teeth against the exposed pink skin. Harry's back arched away from the wall, head leaned back, eyes closed, lip sucked into his pretty mouth. Louis licked down the underside of the large, throbbing dick until he reached the balls, sucking one into his warm cave, gaining pleasure from the moans Harry attempted to muffle as his nails scraped along the door edge. He repeated his motions to the opposite ball before leaning back to swallow the length of the hard dick into his mouth, savoring every inch, welcoming the rough bumps to the back of his throat and encouraged Harry move his hips with a slap to his ass and a squeeze of his hips. The younger man grabbed the back of Louis' head to steady him as he began to snap his hips forward, roughly, fucking his roommate's mouth, taking pleasure in the hopes that he'd make him hoarse, to give him something to remember him by as this semester comes to a close and they'd be on opposite sides of the country visiting home.
  



 After a few more rough thrusts, Louis leaned back and coughed a few times, Harry barely giving him enough time to recuperate before he grabbed him up to push him against the washer, taking his mouth hostage, kissing him deeply, longingly. They separated enough to rip each other's clothes off, carelessly tossing articles about the small laundry room before Harry picked up Louis with ease, setting him on top of the spinning washer and leaning forward to place a kiss against his stomach, trailing downward. He gave attention to his thighs as he lifted them up and placed them on his shoulders, Louis leaning back with a moaning sigh and a soft please, toes crackling as he curled them. Harry licked a path from the tip of Louis' cock to the wet, quivering hole between his beautiful twin globes, tongue sliding through the throbbing muscle to taste the core of him, a shiver consuming him, bringing every hair to stand at attention and every nerve to feel as if it'd just been exposed and set on fire. The smell of him, the taste of Louis was something Harry couldn't get enough of, something he desired more than he cared to admit, and it was the one thing he was going to miss more in his life on campus. He could eat Louis out for hours, listen to his pretty broken moans and the sound of his back squeezing against the metal of the washer as he squirmed, the soft 'I hate you's' and 'fuck you's' every time Harry would slap his hand away from allowing any release when he would reach for his cock. Having Louis under his complete control; fuck, he was going to miss this.
  



 His tongue licked every inch of Louis' inner walls it could reach before he pulled back, sliding two fingers inside of him easily, making the older man suck in a deep breath and moan out, body shivering tightly. Harry watched as the hole stretched around his digits, beautifully opening up for him, and Louis' sweet scent nearly made him come right on the spot but he opted for licking the wetness that produced and slicked his fingers. He pulled out just a second after and reached up to feed Louis' juices to him, eyes burning with lust when the older man consumed eagerly, holding his wrist and licking every last inch of his fingers that he possibly could. Harry busied himself with tasting him again, tongue being suffocated by pulsing walls that clung to the muscle like a lifeline and he wished he never had to leave the paradise the rested between Louis' thighs. Minutes later, he pulled back, thumbed the length of his mouth and wrapped the finger around his tongue for a final taste before sliding Louis down from the washer, long legs wrapped around his hips. He used one hand to steady himself, the other to guide his cock to the awaiting hole, burning lust-filled green eyes watching the way Louis' face contorted as he filled him slowly, his eyes closed, mouth agape, thighs trembling. Harry didn't stop until he was fully seated within Louis' clenching walls, allowing himself a few seconds of peace before he grabbed the older man's curvy hips and began fucking him hard, their bodies making the poor washer bang against the wall, probably making it spin all out of cycle, though it was the least of their concerns. Louis reached up to grip Harry's shorter hair, leaning his against the younger man's shoulder as he rolled along the pleasured assault that sent shocks through his body and made his cock leak drops of come onto Harry's beautiful stomach.
  



  "Fuck, you're so pretty.."
  



"Shut up