"STOP! LET ME GO! STOP IT!" I interrupted. All I heard in response was a mix of laughter, sighs and aww’s of excitement. "I'M GOING TO BE SICK! I want to get up! Stop the film... Please, stop it!  I can't stand it anymore! Stop it, please... PLEASE!"

"Whoa! Like, how rude, Little-Miss-Piano-Freak! I was totally trying to monologue, there!" Enoshima replied. "Although....upupupu... it sounds like we're off to a beary promising start!  By my calculations, you'll be feeling fine, beary soon! Ms. Yukizome, go help our student grin and bear it through the homestretch! We mustn't let our promising student fail when they're soooo close!"

"Hee hee! Roger-roger!" a familiar voice chirped.

It was then I felt Ms. Yukizome's hands around my chest. I could not see what she was doing as I stared, transfixed upon the cinematic perversion bombarding my eyes. I was aware of each twisted touch upon my chest, each lewd caress of my nipples, each teasing lick upon the nape of my neck...all while I became oblivious to the number of times the unspeakable horror footage danced across my pupils.

I soon realized that with each looping of the movie, the horror and terror gradually subsided. Skin-crawling appallment morphed into goosebumps of anticipation. Stomach retching nausea became breathless butterflies within my stomach. My eye-twitching attempts to resist faded into a wide-eyed, glassy stare. Disgust gave way to anxiety, which made way for anticipation and arou-

I jolted forward in the chair as I felt something wet between my legs. The wave of revulsion and horror now returning full force as I regained my senses and awareness. What was I thinking? What was I doing?! This was….this was insane! What did I do to be strapped into a chair, then tortured like this?!

"S-STOP IT!! STOP IT PLEASE!!! I BEG YOU!!!! IT'S WRONG!! IT'S WRONG! ALL WRONG!!! PLEASE!!" I cried, tears streaming down my face.

As I screamed out the words as loud as I could, I felt the teacher pause in her groping. For just a moment, I thought I had reached her.

"Aww, my dear Kaede...It's okay! I know you're feeling so horrible and wrong as you watch this, but we have to be hard on you. You have to be cured...You must..." she whispered in my ear, before nibbling the earlobe gently.

"But-! This is.. This is... Why is this... This feeling isn't right! This whole thing is wrong!" I yelled, my voice cracking as my breath became ragged and labored.

"Well, of course, it's wrong! Being good is a horrible thing. That's what you're learning now. Your body is learning it..." she whispered again.

"I..I don't understand...! Why is being 'good' ba-" I gasped breathlessly, moaning in anguish and exhaustion. For hours, I tried to endure as my mind, body, and spirit were assailed in that torture chair. Emotion and consciousness ebbed and flowed as I felt Chisa's fingers slide inside of me, plucking at my clit as she eroded what remained of my feeble will. I helplessly opened and closed my thighs repeatedly. My hips squirmed and turned back and forth, but no matter where I moved it was to no avail. My slit continued to tingle in anticipation.

To ache in arousal of what was happening to me.

Another moment of clarity emerged from the fog of sensory overload. I had to stop this. I had to somehow get them to stop. I realized now what they wanted. It was all too clear.

"Oh yesss... Yes, Junko..." I yelled out breathlessly, sweat pouring down my face. "You've proved it to me... That all of this ultra-violence, mayhem and despair is... hopelessly erotic and right! I've learned my lesson, mistress! I completely understand...I see now what I've never seen before... I'm.. I'm cured!"

"Aww, how cute! She's lying to get free! Hehehehe...That's our resourceful protagonist, fighting to the very end~!" Tsumugi Shirogane said, giggling madly. "She's written so well!! Willing to lie in the face of despair to grasp hope in this twisted situation! Even cornered she tries to win and make it to the end!"

"I-I'm not lying!!" I spat out, drool sputtering from my lips. "Shut up!"

"Oops!!! EPIC FAIL! Whad'ya fuckin' know... Looks like you missed with your last lie-bullet!" Junko cackled, laughing wildly. "Upupupu! No, you're not cured yet, my little cinnamon roll. By my count, you've got a