Hospital. The one with the ex-hunter that helped us when I found out I was pregnant with James. You know I've been pretty sick lately. I wanted to make sure it wasn't anything serious.” Gabriel told him absently as they both walked over to the table and finally had to release each other's hands so they could sit down and eat. Sam frowned and looked at him. 

“And? I'm guessing it wasn't serious since you've been in a good mood all day...” He said and Gabriel smiled at him watching as Sam took the first bite of the Chicken Alfredo he had made for both of them. 

“I'm pregnant again.” Gabriel said popping the cork off of the bottle of wine and pouring some for Sam before pulling a different bottle of sparkling apple-grape juice out and pouring that for himself as if he hadn't just said something important. 

Sam nearly choked on his food. “What? Really?” He asked surprised. Most angels were sterilize like Cas had turned out to be but those who could have children usually could only have one, then their bodies would reject the conception of anymore. He and Gabriel were sure that James would be their only child. 

“I'm certain. I'm already almost three months along and he did a ultrasound while I was there. This one is a lot smaller than James was at this point but the doctor, Roy, he assured me that it's not necessarily a bad sign. But there's still a huge chance I'll loose the baby... He gave me a lot of rules to follow.” Gabriel said quietly sipping his drink as Sam digested the information. 

“That's why you've been so overly happy... you're scared that we'll loose the baby and you were trying to cover it up.” He said and Gabriel sighed but nodded. 

“Nervous habit I guess. I know I don't have to hide things from you but it's still hard to actually tell you everything all the time and not hide how I'm feeling but I'm trying. I don't want James to know until I'm in my second trimester too because he shouldn't have to deal with that sort of thing if I do loose his little brother or sister. “ Gabriel spoke the nerves finally showing until Sam moved closer and took Gabriel's hand kissing the wedding ring on it gently. 

“Gabriel... You need to stop worrying so much. We've been doubly blessed and we will see this pregnancy through just like we did for James even though he kept giving us problems. Then in a few months we'll have another little trickster to love. Cas, Dean, and I are all here and will do anything you need us to in order to make sure our baby is as healthy as can be.” He promised and hugged Gabriel when his angels finally started to cry but they were both smiling. 

“Thank you Sam... I can't believe we're having another baby.” he chuckled through the tears and Sam joined him both of them happy to be growing their little family together.

Six months later Sam paced in the waiting room of the hospital where the ex-hunter Roy had helped deliver James years ago watching as the clock on the wall chimed three o'clock marking the 17th hour Gabriel had been in labor. Things were not going well and Gabriel had insisted he leave a while back but he refused instead sticking around in the waiting room for news of his husband and the daughter that they had been anticipating.

Finally an hour and twenty seven minutes later Roy walked out and shook Sam awake from where he had fallen asleep on the couch there. “How are they? Is is done now?” Sam asked not liking the blank expression Roy had. 

“It's over but... Your daughter's lungs apparently didn't form properly and she wasn't breathing after she made it out. We tried to save her but... I'm sorry. Gabriel could really use your support right now.” Roy told him putting a hand on his shoulder until Sam hurried back to Gabriel's room pausing in the doorway looking at his husband. Gabriel's hair was slick with sweat and sticking up all over. His eyes were bloodshot and red as tears streamed from them and he looked way too pale. He was holding their daughter in his arms and crying quietly his fingers stroking the fledgling's lifeless little copper colored wings while Gabriel's own wings wrapped partly around them as if trying to shade them from the world. 

“Gabriel...” Sam whispered and Gabriel's eyes snapped up to Sam's the sorrow clear in the golden pool usually so joyful. 

“She... She didn't even... Why Sammy? Why would my father do this? She never even took her first breath...” Gabriel sobbed as Sam pushed his way onto the small hospital bed and pulled Gabriel into his arms holding him tightly around all his wings. 

“I don't know... I don'