wash up, and I need to shave.”

She winked. “Don’t worry, I’m definitely not done with you yet…”

“Excellent.” Simon’s lips curved into a heated grin.

In response, Athena moved to kneel in front of him, squeezing some body wash on the spongy material, and proceeded to wash herself, every motion sinuous and designed to tempt.


My bewitching little vixen…


Simon’s eyes were fixed on her as she finished her ablutions; he was only shaken out of his trance-like state when she extended her hand, offering him the loofah.

Wordlessly, he took the item from Athena, rising to his knees and mirroring her actions, her gaze on him nearly as erotically charged as the prior touch of her fingers.

Once he had completed his task, setting the sponge aside, she fished for her razor in the middle basket of the corner stand, beginning to draw it up on her right leg in slow, straight lines and removing the fine, almost invisible stubble on them.

When she noticed his renewed rapt attention, she honest-to-goodness smirked at him – and handed him the cheery-pink shaving implement.

“Want to help me out a bit? After all, you’ve been dealing with this kind of business for a lot longer than I have, even if you just do your face…”

Simon leaned forward to steal a kiss from her. “Gladly.”

After drawing back, he got to work, steadying her leg by holding her ankle with his left, and guiding the razor’s glide with his right. Up to now, shaving had always been a necessary evil in his eyes – if he did not wish to deal with a beard, it was something that must be done, no more, no less. However, there was something undeniably sensual in assisting Athena in this manner, particularly when he let his palm run over the now clean-shaven leg to feel for any areas he might have missed prior to gently letting it down, moving on to her left thereafter.

He was about to let go of the plastic handle after placing the razor on the rim when he caught her raising an eyebrow from the corner of his eyes.

“You aren’t done yet.”

She spread her legs. “Just a bit off the sides, it’s still in pretty good shape.”

Her movement bared her center to him, enticingly framed by her customarily neatly-trimmed patch of pubic hair. He could see what she meant at once: where her inner thighs met her pelvis, the borders were getting fuzzy with minute stubble, slightly darker than that which had adorned her legs.

When he did not move into action right away, Athena leaned forward and whispered, “I’ll return the favor… to be honest, there’s something I’d like to try once we’re out of here, and it feels even better after a bit of trimming…”

How could he say no to that?

Simon carefully began to remove the newly emerging fuzz, somewhat worried that he might cut her – the area was nowhere near as accessible as his face or her legs, and a nick would smart a lot more in her intimate area than anywhere else. However, he eventually managed to finish without causing her the slightest injury.

This time, when he put down the razor, Athena smiled at him in a way that made him wish they were already in the process of toweling off and about to go to bed. Then again, the anticipation she instilled in him with her sensual bearing left him continuously aroused like he had rarely been before.

She once more rummaged in the basket from which she had taken the razor, coming up with small, rust-resistant trimming scissors.

Her hand landed on his knee. “Okay, lie back and open wide…”

Wordlessly, Simon followed her instructions. A moment later, her fingers began to gently comb through his own rather abundant growth of hair between his legs, and the snipping sounds of the scissor blades rapidly opening and closing reached his ears.

The metal never touched him for all of the three minutes she spent on meticulously shortening his pubic hair. Then, she put the scissors away and reached for the razor once more.

“Make sure to hold still, okay?”

Simon nodded, his voice a rough whisper as he answered, “I will.”

The scraping of blade against soft skin set in, much less forceful than how he pulled his own razor over his cheeks and chin during his morning routine, but clearly just as thorough. The contact felt almost teasing, cool metal heating up, the light scratching just this side of enticing, gentleness and care imbuing every small motion…

Athena seemed to think similarly; as soon as she was done, she all but threw the shaving implement back into its basket, and there was a note of urgency in her voice when she muttered, “Let’s finish up here. Shampoo, rinse, dry off, bed. Allons-y!”

Simon rose alongside her, enfolding her in his arms for a moment before she could reach for the faucet to