it before deciding for sure." The pretty little elf teased, looking him up and down and licking her lips.

***

As one the three of them practically fell into their room, a swarm of hands and lips and tongues, stroking and caressing one another. The door banged shut behind them and Sarita used her magic to spread light throughout the room.

She lay back on the bed, undressing herself and watching, enraptured as Hayden, her large and powerful husband sinking to his knees before the Champion of Kirkwall. Hayden's hands unlacing Hawke's breeches, tugging them to the ground and taking the other mans large and powerful erection into his mouth with a groan of pleasure.

It was almost ridiculously erotic seeing her husband worshipping this man with his mouth. She had started fondling her breasts watching as Hawke's eyes fluttered shut.

***

The Champion was large for a human, Hayden was able to take in all of him easily though. It had been a long time since he had another man's cock in his mouth but he always was a natural. He swallowed around Hawke, squeezing and sucking against him, hearing Hawke's masculine grunts of pleasure as his hips started chasing his movements.

From behind him he heard Sarita's soft little sigh, the noise she made whenever she first brushed against her cunt and the combination of sounds made Hayden harder than ever.

***

Maker the Qunari's mouth was amazing, a tight and wonderful heat sucking and licking at Hawke's cock, making him feel weak at the knees. His hand rested on Hayden's horns, pushing his face in closer.

A soft noise pulled his eyes open and he practically whimpered at the sight of Sarita on the bed, naked and legs spread. Her eyes glued on the men as her fingers disappeared into her sweet and tight little cunt.

***

A tightening in his balls as Hayden sucked against him hard, a grunt and a groan as Hawke's spilled himself in Hayden's mouth where the Qunari eagerly swallowed every last drop.

Hayden rose to his knees, pulling Hawke in for a rough and clumsy kiss, the taste of his seed clinging to his mouth and Hayden's as yet untouched erection hard between them.

Greedy hands slipped between them, brushing against him and making Hayden hiss in want before he pulled back.

"Not yet, I never let my Faerie Queen go untended before me. Would you like a taste of her Champion? You are the guest after all and she is sweeter than honey..."

As Hayden spoke he was stripping Hawke of all of his clothes and then his own. Hawke was practically drooling at the sight of the Elvhen beauty before him, her pert breasts with their hard and rose pink nipples, the soft and wet peach of her cunt...

His eyes widened though as Hayden walked before him. He knew that as a Qunari he would be large but Maker the size of him. Hawke was curious how he was able to even fit inside his wife...he hoped that he would get to see.

***

Hayden climbed up next to Sarita, nestling her between  his legs. He kissed and nibbled along her neck and her ears, pulling her hands away from her legs, kissing her fingers that still tasted of her.

"Naughty girl, getting started with us." He teased, his voice gruff with desire as he pinned her wrists down and nodded for Hawke to approach.

Hawke was more than eager to obey, kissing all along Sarita's leg, nibbling her thigh and making her giggle as his beard tickled her. Giggles turned to moans of pleasure though as he flicked his tongue along the seam of her cunt.

***

Sarita wanted to wriggle, to writhe and to pull Hawke's face in closer but Hayden kept her pinned in place, kissing and sucking the skin along her neck making her whimper.

Hawke settled himself between her thighs, licking and sucking along her folds, delving his tongue deeply inside of her and drowning in the taste of her and the delicious little noises of pleasure she made. He latched his lips around the bud of her clit and making her arch into his mouth.

He felt himself growing hard again already, like he was a teenager again and unable to control his hormones. Hayden smirked seeing the way Hawke was rubbing himself against the sheets even as he made Sarita moan and mewl in pleasure.

***

Hayden had an idea and he whispered it to his perfect little wife. She turned to look at him, eyes hazy with pleasure before nodding in agreement. He released her wrists and she moved away from Hawke's wonderful mouth. He looked on, confused until she crouched near the foot of the bed. Her face and breasts pressed to the sheets and her tight little ass and soaking wet cunt raised in the air.

Hayden walked behind him, helping to guide Hawke's cock into Sarita's tight and perfectly silken heat.

Not as large as her husband Hawke stretched and filled her wonderfully all the same. Every thrust of him making her gasp in pleasure as he hit the sweetest spot deep inside of her. Her hands gripped the sheets as his thrusts shook her entire body