tell,” Bucky said firmly. “But, you know, a lot of folks do a lot more than you’d think when they know that about you.”

“I think guys would go for you, too,” Arnie said, tilting his head. “For just that reason.”

Bucky made a thoughtful noise. “I guess. I haven’t asked.”

“Would you ever give it a shot?” Arnie asked. “I mean, hypothetically.”

“Hypothetically, sure,” Bucky said, squinting upward. “It almost seems like it’d be less trouble, as long as nobody found out. Fellas don’t turn up pregnant and they don’t feel like they have to act like a hand down their pants is a slice of cake and they’re on a diet.”

Arnie snorted. “That’s true. Girls put in a lot of stop and go.”

“They have to,” Bucky insisted. “Otherwise fellas who aren’t decent make them feel like they’re used up or something. I like a girl with some experience. How are we supposed to have a good time if neither of us know what we’re doing?”

Arnie laughed. “You’re right, Barnes. You got some funny ideas.”

“It just makes sense,” Bucky grumbled.

“I bet you do know what you’re doing, though,” Arnie said. “Girls like you.”

“I don’t kiss and tell,” Bucky repeated.

“I tried it with a guy,” Arnie said, arching his eyebrows and looking down at Bucky, trying to play it nonchalant. “It wasn’t too different.”

“Didn’t figure it would be,” Bucky said, blinking. “Who?”

“If you aren’t telling, I’m not either,” Arnie said, shaking his head.

“That’s fair,” Bucky nodded. “Did you get all the way to screwing, or just fooling around?”

Arnie shrugged. “I don’t want to be specific.”

“Jesus,” Bucky grumbled. “Now you got me all interested and you aren’t going to say anything.”

“It is a little easier, though,” Arnie said. “You both get hard, you both like friction. Some fellas don’t even bother with kissing.”

“See, I couldn’t do that,” Bucky said, frowning. “I like necking. What’s the point of it, otherwise? Might as well jerk off.”

“You must not jerk off much,” Arnie teased.

“No less than any other fella,” Bucky said, grinning and polishing off his beer. “Not every girl I go dancing with is up for necking.”

“What kind of fellas would you like?"Arnie asked.

"Damn, I don’t know,” Bucky said, chewing his bottom lip. “Somewhere between joe and punk, I guess. You?”

“I like other joes,” Arnie said, shrugging. “I’m too big and rough for a little guy.”

“I don’t think I’d be any good at playing rough, either,” Bucky said, grinning. “I’m too used to girls, I’ve got manners.”

“Damn it,” Arnie sighed. “Look, Buck, I ain’t going to lie to you, I’ve been hanging around lately half because I would love to fool around with you. You’re good looking and smart and fun. But you got one big problem.”

“Where’s this coming from all of a sudden?” Bucky interrupted, blushing a little. “Jesus, Arnie. I’m not not-interested, I just feel like this is out of left field someplace.”

“Actually, it ain’t a big problem,” Arnie said, squinting at him. “It’s about five foot and change.”

“I got no idea what you’re talking about,” Bucky said, frowning as the blush intensified. “Come again?”

“You got a thing for Rogers,” Arnie said, rolling over on his back and looking at Bucky upside down. “You follow him around like a big dumb puppy. Any guy who’s even the slightest bit queer can see it in a minute.”

“Even if I did,” Bucky said, frowning harder. “I’m not saying I do, but even if I did, Steve ain’t queer. Not even a little.”

“You don’t want to think so,” Arnie said, sighing, “Because you’re his best friend, and he doesn’t want to be. God knows he’s got enough problems. But if he were, you gotta know he’d be just as interested in you.”

“That’s ridiculous,” Bucky scoffed. “People can just be friends, Arnie.”

“Yeah, sure,” Arnie said, folding his hands on his chest. “And you calling him punk at every turn isn’t wishful thinking.”

Bucky went from pink to scarlet.

"Why do you make