keeps the world running smoothly. It is the side that allows humans to build and strategize, and the very same that comprehends numerical reasoning. It categorizes and compartmentalizes and keeps the world in order.

The latter deals with intuition and creativity. It is the vivid description and colorful filter that gives off moods and emotion in bursts of inspiration and unsubtle imagination. The right side is passionate and evasive, preferring to live in the moment with great ardor, using their five senses to their heart’s content. The left hemisphere works for the products of the right side. The world exists in color because of the right side.

Takao has often found it ironic how science had designated human qualities to body parts- just as select languages assign genders to inanimate objects- it’s strange, if a little unnecessary- linking abstract concepts and silly adjectives to tangible, serious objects and organs. A little like synesthesia, but without the childish rep.

For as long as he can remember, Takao Kazunari had the ability to see everything.

A single glance at even the most distant of strangers would inspire emotive tendrils of colour and snippets of whispered conversation (and if he was within close enough proximity- he’d be able to catch a whiff of perfumes, separate from the present stranger, that he’d be unable to put a name to). Takao often thought of it as a little like mind reading- the auratic projections usually giving hints to an individual’s desires or needs.

Very often, it was another person that Takao would catch whiff of, other times it would be money and material possessions- the stark scent of aged yen or mass-produced clothing bowling him over. A few times, he came across smells he wouldn’t recognize, but he himself could associate with his own memories- family and friends, a particularly beautiful three pointer or his favorite meal.

There were, however, times where he found the scents and colours overwhelming, like spending too much time in downtown Tokyo. He would become anxious and paranoid- too aware of those around him and of those who were absent.

 

Takao had not realized that his abilities were strange (read: borderline supernatural) until his grandmother pulled him aside one day. Her wrinkled face and slanted eyes were soft, completely opposite from the severe expression Takao had been expecting, as he never knew his grandmother to be a gentle woman.

They sat in her garden, the smell of the hydrangeas sticking to his clothes and memory, where she explained that his ability was a gift her mother had. In his seven year old mind, this was another stern lecture given to him out of spite, though as he aged, Takao would find himself pulling back to the memory, looking for answers that were no longer available to him.

Growing up, Takao gained the acknowledgment from his peers as a sort of prophet. The projections were helpful in many situations, providing insight to the motives of others; knowing who was lying, and providing a better understanding of the ever elusive, fairer sex. While he was praised and endlessly credited (read: pestered) in his school years, as he grew older, he learned (better than anyone else, perhaps) that adults were liars.

Honesty is a hard thing to come by nowadays, though within his comparatively short amount of years lived, he didn’t have much to go by. Turning twenty-three with very little understanding of both his powers and the entire world was becoming increasingly frustrating. Now, lying in bed next to his latest, dozing conquest, Takao began to see the many downsides that came with being an adult. Sure he had his own place, the complete freedom to do just about any and every thing, but he didn’t have much of what he needed. The blank spot in his head was crying out for something to fill it in- for love? For stability? He turned to peek at the mass of brown hair next to him. He felt nothing besides their sleepy, post-coital glow. He didn’t know what the blank space wanted, but Takao knew he wanted answers, but he wasn’t about to make a fool out of himself to find them.

So, when he spotted the ad in the morning paper’s classified section, he jumped at the chance right away.

UNIVERSITY OF TOKYO
DEPARTMENT OF NEUROSCIENCES
DISCREET VOLUNTEERS NEEDED
CALL 81 3 555-3223

 

Sitting in the empty hallway a week later, Takao realized that the advertisement might’ve been a little sketchy, the 15 second phone call more so. Impulsiveness was never a dominant trait for Takao. He preferred to scope out his options before making any sort of move.

He had expected a large crowd, especially when an institution as prestigious as the University of Tokyo demanded subjects for what could be an important neurological breakthrough, though it may have been a manifestation of the ‘discreet’ qualities of the volunteers. Behind the curiosity of whatever he was called to do, Takao couldn’t help but be weary of what Midorima-san would think of his condition. From the straightforward texts and meager phone calls exchanged, Midorima-san seemed to