well. I can only hope to be as good of a mother as you." He encouraged as Gabriel told him about wanting to make the blankets.

"Thanks Cassie. I know you'll be a great mother. These nightmares just have me on edge though. Making stuff like this for her helps. Sam has a project of his own he's been working on in between practicing his powers and taking care of me. I feel bad that he's working so hard. When this mess is over I hope to give him a real honeymoon." He told his brother and they both jumped when Sam and Dean wrapped their arms around them simultaneously.

"I look forward to it... But for now it's lunch time. How about we head to the kitchens and see what they have prepared? Then I'm sure our brothers would like to rest, it's been a long journey for them. You should rest as well. Your eyes are too dark and you don't seem to get the nightmares when you sleep during the day." He muttered into Gabriel's hair.

The months went by slowly for Sam having to fix up the castle from years of disrepair, constantly hunt for their food, not to mention the more pregnant Gabriel got the more clingy he became. With his stomach full and round Gabriel had to have at least one hand on Sam at any given time which wouldn't have bothered Sam if he wasn't doing things that could end up with Gabriel hurt.

Like currently Gabriel was fluttering behind Sam nervously having been ordered not to enter the room where at least twenty servants were working with Sam to repair a wall that looked like it would cave in any moment the stones loose and jagged. It needed to be fixed before their child was born but Sam could see Gabriel pacing long golden wings tailing behind him sliding against the floor like a golden cloak. He sighed and walked over dropping a kiss to his lover's forehead to hopefully sooth away the constant worry that was there.

"Gabriel, you need to relax. I'm not going to go any closer then I have been, I'll be fine. You however are going to worry yourself to death." He muttered already seeing the argument forming in Gabriel's light golden eyes. "No, don't start. I know I don't have to help but I want to. A good prince should help his people with the tasks he assigns rather then let them take all the risk alone. We need this wall rebuilt before the baby comes so we don't have to worry about them getting hurt. Why don't you help in the kitchens or better yet get some sleep. You look tired." He said tracing one of the dark looking bruises that had formed under his lover's eyes from lack of sleep with his thumb. He was no longer having the nightmares he had before but now the baby was moving and while Sam loved to lay with Gabriel and revel over the life that he could finally truly connect to, their baby seemed to be a night owl adding to Gabriel's already high level of stress,

"But Sammy... I can't sleep without you. She only calms for her daddy. Plus I can't relax when all I can picture is you getting squashed under a big rock like a bug." Gabriel fretted hugging him as best he could with his belly in the way using his wings to wrap around what his arms couldn't as if cocooning Sam in the silky feathers would keep him from going back to working. A servant stepped in.

"If it pleases with your majesties... We can finish this without help. The wall is nearly dismantled and the supplies to build the new wall have yet to arrive. We'll have to wait for the supply carriage before we can resume work." He notified them wiping his hands on his blue and gold robes. All servants wore outfits in those colors now since Sam and Gabriel had decided for those to be their colors. They were still fighting on what their symbol should be. Sam liked the idea of a single golden feather but Gabriel had been bouncing out things from a charging moose to a unicorn... Thus they were keeping things blank for now.

"Thank you." Gabriel told him earnestly and dragged Sam off toward their bedroom without another word. Sam laughed at the smile on the servant's face. Most of them had come to adore Gabriel as much as they respected Sam. They'd go out of their way to make Gabriel gifts or anything really to get him to smile for them. There were a few servants that seemed jealous of Gabriel, one in particular that Sam had seen, but other then that everyone seemed to be happy whenever their future Queen was happy.

Sam laughed and laid down cuddling with Gabriel and rubbing his belly soothingly. "I can't wait to meet them. I bet it'll be a strong little boy with your hair and my eyes. He'll be a good King one day, kind but firm, respected and loved by all the people in