inside, he still couldn’t find even a trace of the other bottle. This wasn’t fair. This couldn’t be happening to him.

        There was one room that he remembered he had furnished. The only room that had mattered at the time. It was hazy but he could recall being interested in a story. A town that seemed to have travelers disappear regularly really made it seem like the best place to find something that needed to be dealt with. They were plenty of missing people and each were on business trips or road trips. The town seemed to be on each of their route which would have been interesting to find out why.  He was a hunter. Well, he was before he met her. Now, he was living a normal life with his loving wife. There was no one that could hurt them where they lived. There were no monsters there. This horrid place wasn’t where he was supposed to be.

         There was a desk and a few shelves in the office he entered. It was the only place in this  house that actually seemed lived in. Tossing things off the desk and tearing through the drawers, he finally found what he was looking for: the bottle. His heart felt so light at the sight and he could feel his eyes tear up. Finally, he would be free from all of these lies. Everything that wasn’t suppose to be will be gone and his life would be set right again.

        But when he opened the bottle, it was just as empty as the other one. A small cry came from his throat as he turned it over. He knew it was empty. He saw that it was empty but he couldn’t believe it. No, this can’t be the end. He had to see her.

        Quickly, he fumbled through the papers scattered on the floor. The card. He remembered the card. It was given to him by one of the associates. It was back when he was a hunter. Back when he was trying to rid the world of evil. After a while, he finally found it. It was a small business card that had the title Dream incorporated on the top. This was what he needed.

       Quickly, he turned to his phone. It was thrown on the floor but it seemed functional. It was good that he didn’t need to charge it as it had appeared he hadn’t any electricity yet in his home. No, not home. This wasn’t his home.

       “Hello, Dream Incorporated.” A cheery voice answered.  “How may I assist you?”

       “Hello, it’s me.” His voice was shaking and sounded rough from disuse. “You know Chris Kennedy.”

       “Oh, Mr. Kennedy.” The voice got even more excited the moment his name was mentioned. She surely remembered him, She had to. “How may I help you?”

       “The pills.” He lifted up the bottle as if she could see it, even though he knew she couldn’t. “I’m out.”

       “Let me see what I can do for you.” No sooner than she said those words, there was a knock on the door. If he wasn’t desperate and recalled the days he spent riddled with paranoia every time someone came to his door, he would have found it odd that there would be someone at his door now. He would have been cautious and not swung the door open. He, also, would have been suspicious when he found a package with new pill bottles at his doorstep. But these were desperate times and he had no want for his old wasted life.

       “Oh thank you! Thank you!” He opened the pill bottle and tossed a two in his mouth, chewing them like candy. His phone was forgotten by his side and he didn’t even care if the pills took him away right then and there. Who cared for this world? It wasn’t where he wanted to be. But no matter how long he sat there, nothing seemed to happen.

       “Is there anything else I can help you with?” She was still there on the phone. He grabbed the phone quickly.

       “Why am I still here?”

       “Excuse me?”

      “I just took two and nothing happened.”

      “Sometimes the body gets use to the pills and the effects are no longer the same.” The woman explained not nearly as troubled as he was. He dropped the phone again and opened the bottle again quickly. If two won’t work, then he would take the whole bottle. Quickly, he tossed every last pill in his mouth.

      “Sir? Sir?” He could hear her shouting from his phone but it didn’t matter. He wanted to leave. Closing his eyes, he hoped it would speed up the process but nothing happened.This had to be some nightmare this couldn't be happening. Not now. Any time but now. He had to see her. She was waiting for him. They were waiting for him. It was just yesterday she announced her pregnancy. He had