companion and Alfred.  Alfred was entranced.  He observed the pair as surreptitiously as he could throughout their meals.  

	The Frenchman stood up part way through the meal.  The two foreign men had appeared to be arguing, and their conflict seemed to have finally come to a head.  The Frenchman raised his arm and hit the smaller male harshly across the face.  The green eyed man was knocked off his chair by the force of the blow, crashing to the floor.  He stared up at his assaulter in wide eyed shock.  The rest of the restaurant went completely silent, eyes locked on the two.

	Alfred was up in an instant, crossing the short distance between himself and the fallen man in seconds.  The American knelt down next to the Brit, offering his hand in assistance.  “Are you all right?”  The ash blond looked up at him, unshed tears in his eyes, and shook his head sadly.  An obnoxious accent filled the silence.

	“He is fine.  He deserved it and he knows it.”  The Frenchman sneered down at his victim.  A woman with long brown hair came charging towards him, frying pan clutched in one hand.

	“Francis!  How dare you hit Arthur! And then to say a thing like that!  You get out before I hit you with this!”  The woman held her pan up threateningly.  “I don't care if you are Gilbert's best friend!  You get out this instant!  And don't even think about coming back!”  

	“Elizabeta, mon cher, you don't mean that,” cooed the Frenchman Alfred now knew to be Francis.  Alfred, who had been helping Arthur to his feet, glared at Francis.  'What an ass,' Alfred's mind hissed.

	“I believe the lady told you to leave,”  Venom laced Alfred's tone as he stared Francis down.  Blue fire snapped behind his eyes, adding to his already intimidating appearance.  Alfred was at least 4 inches taller than Francis and  his muscular frame left no question as to who was the stronger of the two.  Arthur, sensing the tension begin to rise to dangerous levels, quickly spoke up.

	“I'll be all right Eliza.  I don't want anymore trouble for anyone.  Don't bother trying to reason with that frog.  I'm leaving now anyway.”  With that Arthur scooted around Elizabeta and made for the exit.  Alfred watched him for a moment before coming to a decision.

	“Will you be all right, ma'am?” Alfred narrowed his eyes suspiciously at the Frenchman, not  moving his gaze even as he spoke to her.

	“I'll be just fine.  Thank you for your concern!”  Elizabeta smiled sweetly up at him before hardening her features and turning back to Francis.  Alfred nodded, backing away from Francis and heading toward the exit Arthur had just gone out.  'He couldn't have gone too far!' Alfred hoped as he scanned the nearly empty street outside.  Suddenly he spotted an mop of gleaming ash blond hair.  And it was making its way toward him!  Alfred's heart sped up as Arthur came to a stop about a yard away from him.  They stood for a few minutes, staring at each other and unsure of what to say.

*Arthur's POV*

	Arthur Kirkland's day was not going very well at all.  When he woke up that day, the sun was shining.  Normally this would be a good thing, but as it meant Arthur had overslept and was now late to work it was just the right beginning to a disastrous day.

 

	Arthur worked at his family's bakery.  This was sort of ironic because he was an awful cook and couldn't even make salad without burning it.  Luckily, he wasn't in charge of baking anything.  Rather, he was in charge of waiting on customers, making deliveries, and working at the cash register where his only contact with the food was handing it to someone.  Even he agreed this was for the best.  Arthur's parents had died years before, but he had four brothers that lived in Olen as well.  His older brothers Scott (30), Wallice (28), and Irin (27) were in charge.  They hated him with a passion.  He suspected it was because he had been their mother's baby for almost 10 years before  the youngest, Peter, had been born and their mother had coddled him.  Even after Peter's birth, Mrs. Kirkland has always been especially fond of Arthur as he was the one most like her in looks and personality.

	Mrs. Kirkland had died 12 years ago of cancer.  Mr. Kirkland then turned to the bottle and proceeded to drink himself into oblivion.  One day about 6 years ago, he had fallen into the pond behind the local bar while drunk and drowned.   Scott and Wallice were old enough to look after a child if either had a mind to but they had no interest in raising their youngest brother, so Peter went to live with his godparents, Berwald and his husband Tino.  They had been Mr. and Mrs. Kirkland's best friends.  Peter was