to calm himself.

“What?” Naruto screamed defensively through the door, “It’s not like the blackout is my fault!”

“Idiot.” Sasuke said opening his eyes, blushing when he noticed he had called Naruto’s name out loud and that while within his fantasy he hadn’t noticed the lights going off.

“Well, Sasuke, what the hell is taking you so long?”

“Nothing moron,” Sasuke said as he stepped out of the shower making noise with the door, “Just let me get dressed.”

He walked to the small cabinet where he had placed the clothes Naruto had given him as he dried his hair.  When he grabbed them he saw the t-shirt, the sweatpants and orange boxers—he smirked, there was no way he was wearing those. Keep them? Maybe. But wearing them? No way in hell. 

When Naruto finally heard his bathroom door open he smirked and turned around to tease Sasuke “Finally! I thought I would have to perform CPR... on... you” He heard Sasuke chuckle but he didn’t care. Damn! Sasuke was only wearing a towel.   Didn’t he realize how sexy he looked? Because of the blackout Naruto had already lit some candles and the light they gave off made Sasuke’s skin glow with the water drops that still were wandering down his body.  His wet hair clung to his face and his eyes seemed to swallow the light that shone around them.  He looked delicious.

“Why aren’t you dressed?” 

He stared at Sasuke who stood in the door threshold “There is no way I’m wearing these things moron.” Naruto’s eyes went to the orange boxers Sasuke had in his hands.  Those were his favorite ones, why had he given them to Sasuke? He wasn’t very sure about that... 

“Well bastard, if you don’t want to wear them you can go just like that.” The spoiled brat! If he wanted he could go commando Naruto didn’t care.

But when Naruto saw Sasuke’s smirk, he knew something evil was going to happen.  His suspicions were confirmed when, in what felt like slow motion, Sasuke straightened himself up and the hand that was resting on his hip removed the towel fluidly, letting it fall beside him...

Fuck!

Naruto froze when his body disconnected from his mind.  He watched, dumbfounded, as Sasuke approached him like a feline stalking its prey. He could feel Sasuke’s breath on his ear. “What’s wrong Na-ru-to?” His own breath hitched at the husky voice.  Even when their bodies barely touched he could feel the heat radiating from Sasuke.

Sasuke thought his heart would leave his body.  He loved the way Naruto had looked at him but when he didn’t react or say anything, it made Sasuke panic.  ‘What did I do? What did I do?’ he kept asking himself as he turned and started to walk towards the bathroom to get the sweatpants Naruto had given him.  Had he taken it too far?

But all his thoughts were forgotten when he has pushed harshly against the wall.  

“What the hell, idiot?”  All complaints died when he felt a rough tongue lick along his shoulder blade to his neck.  He heard Naruto hum before licking another patch of his skin... a wet kiss... a little suck.

“Fuck!” Sasuke shuddered.

“I will.” Naruto told him as he turned him around, and when they were face to face Sasuke could see the fire in Naruto’s eyes.  His tanned skin had a yellowish glow and his hungry tongue licked his lips in anticipation before clinging on to a nipple.

Sasuke mewled and purred as Naruto licked all over his body.  No words were exchanged but they weren’t necessary as Naruto’s eyes never left his and everything there was to say was said between them. Naruto kissed his hips and bit his thighs as Sasuke’s hands caressed lovingly his hair.  But it was when Naruto’s tongue licked from his balls to the tip of his cock that Sasuke could not hold it anymore he wanted... oh he wanted Naruto on him... in him... he couldn’t wait anymore!

“Naruto! Please Naruto, I’m going to come.”

“We are not done yet, Sasuke” Naruto said as he stood up promising deep pleasure.

When Naruto kissed him, everything else faded away. Sasuke could feel them moving desperately trying to reach an unknown destination.  The center of his world was the man holding him, kissing him in a desperate way that Sasuke returned with equal fervor.  He was so focused on him that Sasuke didn’t even know they got to the bed until he was laying on it... On Naruto’s bed... Naruto, who was already naked… Sasuke barely remembered ripping off his clothes.  Naruto kept sucking and nibbling his lips while rocking his hips creating delicious friction and taking Sasuke just one step below his orgasm.

“Turn around.” Naruto said making Sasuke whimper at the warm loss. 

“Naruto...”

“I said ‘We’re not done yet’! Turn