Yes, they all acted like that, but Bofur seemed to be the only one who changed even his character around you. Every other dwarf seemed to be just less friendly and were grunting more. Then again you thought that dwarves were just flattering your beauty, but not caring much of your person. You gritted your teeth to the thought and lifted your eyes just in time to meet Bofur's eyes. His eyes widened a little and then he turned away again. You frowned and turned back to your food. You knew Bofur was always acting a little different around you and it felt bad to have no idea why. Had you done or said something to insult him?

You had finished eating quite quickly and left right after, apologizing from lord Elrond. Now you were standing one of the balcony's, looking the surrounding nature of Rivendell. The setting sun was coloring everything in warm colors. You sighed again and wished that you could stay here. But the dwarves - well Thorin and Balin - and Gandalf expected you to travel with them until you reach Erebor or until you'd drop dead. You sighed and turned, deciding to go and grab a book from lord Elrond's library and read it somewhere in the garden. You got lost twice, ironically, before one of the elves took you to library. You thank him and gave him a sweet smile. These guys had been kind towards you this little time you had been here, unlike your travelling companion who's with you'd been travelling about an month.

Then your thought's went back to one particular dwarf. Why did you care about him so much? Grabbing a book from the shelter, you wandered aimlessly until you found the garden and a nice place where you could read. You sat down on bench, leaned on back and opened your book. It was a story book, telling about a warrior's and their bravery. You didn't know how long you had been reading, when noisy company of dwarves showed up to the garden. You looked up from the book, seeing Nori, Dwalin, Fili, Kili, Bifur and Bofur stumbling in middle of the garden.

"Oi, Kili, this is a wrong place!" Nori said in annoyed voice.

"Aye, this ain't our balcony!" Bofur said. Kili was looking around himself and was scratching his head, looking troubled. Dwalin grossed his arms and Fili rolled his eye's. Kili seemed to have his uncle's sense of direction, obviously. You rolled your eyes and continued reading your book. They'd find their way back on their own, not that you even knew where they were spending their time.

"Oh, hello (Y/n)! I thought ye were an elf maiden!" Kili suddenly shriek. You looked up from your book, eyebrows nearly touching your hairline. Kili was pondering to his toes and was smiling wildly. All the other dwarves were looking at you, non of them smiling. Clearly they thought you had been interrupting their 'getting lost' talk, even you'd been here first and had done nothing but read.

"Uh... Hi there" you said a little awkwardly. You were eyeing the members of the company, who were for their part eyeing you. No one said anything and the silence between you seemed to get worst every second. Your eyes had turned to Bofur more than once and one time he was looking at you and other time he wasn't. His cheeks were growing red again. You also noted that Bofur was carrying some sort of sac, full of something. When he sifted his leg, you could hear a slight clatter from bottles. So, they had been in the cellars. 

"Can I help you, guys?" you finally asked. You wanted to return your own peace and reading the story. One of the warriors was just gonna slay a dragon. Dwalin huffed and murmured his 'No thank's, lass' and left from the balcony, followed by Fili, Nori and Bifur. Bofur was about to leave too, when Kili grabbed him by the sleeve and made him stop.

"You should talk to 'er, ya know" Kili said, surprisingly serious tone. You almost had started to read again, when you had heard this. You were looking between Kili and Bofur, questioningly. "It'll ease yer mind, Bofur" Then Kili was leaning close to Bofur's ear and whispered something to him, before he patted his shoulder and left. Bofur stayed behind, looking after the youngest Durin and reminded there before Kili showed himself back there.

"I'll take that, thank you" he said and took sac from Bofur's hand. Bofur opened his mouth to say something, but Kili silenced him by pointing Bofur his finger. "Tell 'er" Then Kili was gone, leaving you alone with Bofur. Alone with him, with no one really around you. Not his cousin and brother bustling somewhere near. Just him. After sighing and rubbing his face and cursing silently in dwarves language, he turned to