been set up as a candlelit dinner for two. Rick looked up to Daryl in awe as he watched his beautiful fake boyfriend serve up dinner.

"What's the occasion?" Rick watched the hurt flitter across Daryl's eyes. But he quickly recovered, something he had gotten good at over time.

"It's our anniversary. Well it's mine and my Rick's anniversary anyway. Figured you wouldn't mind stepping in so I didn't have to celebrate alone,"

Daryl almost looked nervous, like he was asking his crush out for the first time.

"I'd be honoured," Rick beamed at Daryl. The other man also not being able to contain his grin.

They settled quickly into eating dinner when Rick thought that now was as good as time as any to question Daryl about something that had been lurking in the back of his mind.

"So I've noticed in this world, my partner at work isn't Shane. Then I remembered you said we hadn't spoken to him in over a year, why's that?" Daryl stopped eating abruptly, Rick could see he was trying to figure out what to say before he said it.

"I don't know how to tell you this Rick, but Judy isn't your child," Rick wasn't too sure why Daryl was telling him something he already knew and what did that have to do with Shane?

"I know that but..." Then it clicked. "Shane is my little girl's father?" He didn't want to believe it, not knowing who her father really was had made things a lot easier for him to deal with. Made it easier to accept her as his own.

"I'm sorry Rick, my Rick knew, I thought you might have done too," Daryl placed his hand over Rick's to comfort him.

"How? Why?" Rick needed answers and he needed them now.

"Lori started sleeping with Shane once you had stopped sleeping with her, once you had figured out you was gay I guess, turned to him for comfort or something,"

"He was my best friend, how could he do that? And why do we still have her?" Daryl smiled sadly.

"Once he found out he was the real dad, he took off, said he didn't want nothing to do and that you could have her," Rick wanted to shed a tear for his baby girl, abandoned by her real father. He had never been happier that he had decided to stand by Lori throughout the pregnancy.

"I think I need a drink," Rick grabbed the bottle of wine and necked it straight from the bottle. Daryl let out a little chuckle.

"Me too!" He got up and opened another bottle of wine that he too, necked straight from the bottle.

A few more bottles of wine later found Rick and Daryl quite drunk sprawled across the couch, giggling as they talked what was probably nonsense to one another. But managing to make each other laugh.

"I love you Rick," Daryl leaned over and placed a kiss to Rick's cheek. "Thanks for a great anniversary," he lay down next to Rick and snuggled into his side, placing his face in the heat of his neck.

"I love you too Daryl," Rick managed to breath out. He heard Daryl mumble a thank you as he started to place small kisses to his neck. Rick just closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensations it was sending through his body.

Soon Daryl's kisses became more heated as he planted wet open mouthed kisses up and down his neck, over his Adam's apple and along his jaw. He heard Daryl whimper slightly as he involuntarily jerked his hips forward to press his erection against Rick's leg.

Rick's own erection started to spring to life and strain against the material. He wished he could just flip Daryl over and fuck him seven ways to Sunday. But he wasn't Daryl's Rick. And he felt guilty at letting Daryl pretend that he was.

As he was processing these thoughts Daryl's hip movements had gotten more frantic, his hands moving anywhere and everywhere as long as it was Rick's skin and the kisses had turned into licks and bites.

"Daryl stop," Rick said, making Daryl cease his advances abruptly. "I'm not your Rick, Daryl," he could hear the sadness in his own voice as he said the words.

"I don't care. You're the Rick that's here with me right now, you're the Rick I might be stuck with forever, my Rick is inside of you somewhere,"

Rick couldn't argue with his logics. He was right and Rick had never been more convinced that this was it for him now. He was going to be Daryl's Rick. He was going to be in love with this man that loved him so much back, he was going to lead the perfect life he had always wanted with Daryl by his side.

Rick got up from the couch and