if Zayn was okay, if he's adjusting to life without Harry. He hopes not. It's a selfish thing to think, but Harry wouldn't be able to stand it if Zayn could go about his life not giving Harry a passing thought. He doesn't know how many times he thinks about Zayn, too many to count probably. If someone could read Harry's mind, they'd see thousands, if not hundreds of thousand, of thoughts about him; his ever-changing hair, his abundant tattoos, the way his eyes and nose crinkled during a genuine smile, everything. 

Harry's more tired these days, and it's not due to his borderline insomnia. He's tired emotionally. Other people have brought it up, they say his eyes look dull, his hair more unruly than usual. Whenever he gets comments like that, he just laughs it off, sometimes throwing in a quick "life of a popstar, innit?" But he knows, he knows that his eyes don't have the same light they did five years ago. He thinks about Zayn then, how his eyes never seemed to be missing the sparkle he'd committed to memory. The hazel brown hue never seemed so beautiful before. Harry remembers how Zayn's eyes never hid anything, always showed how he felt. Whether they burned with anger after one of the boys had knocked his phone off the table or lit up with fondness as he watched Harry goofily dance around during a soundcheck, they always glowed with something. Harry's did too. Until Zayn left. He took Harry's shine and heart with him. He sometimes wonders if Zayn's eyes still twinkle like they used to, or if they dimmed to match his. Harry doesn't know how much longer he can keep it up, the facade, acting like he doesn't break down just about every day because Zayn's gone now. 

They get a small break in between, just a few days of down time. Naturally, Harry goes to LA, hoping to have some time alone. He tries to tell himself that he's not going out there because there's a chance that Zayn might be. But the more he does this, the more he knows it's not true. He gives Zayn a call, not surprised to hear the machine-generated voicemail message. He's been getting that a lot lately. "Hey Zayn, it's Harry. Uhm, I'm in LA and I heard- well not heard but I assumed you'd be here too. If you could just..can you call me? Miss your voice. I'll talk to you later." Harry ends the message before he can go too much into how much of a mess he's been because of him. While he waits for a call back, he walks around his spacious home for hours, wonders if it's too big for just him. It won't be just him forever, he likes to think. Before he lets his mind wander too deep, the shrill sound of the doorbell echoes through the halls.  He makes his way to the front door, wondering who on the other side of it, seeing as he'd only given his address to his family and the boys. He opens the door without looking to see who'd rung the doorbell, which was a huge mistake, he realizes, once he sees who'd stood on his front porch. 

"Zayn."

"Hey Haz," Zayn replies coolly, not looking half as nervous as Harry feels. "Got your voicemail," he explains, walking into the house because he knows he's allowed, "is now a good time?" Harry doesn't know how to react because he's wearing a tank top at least 2 sizes too big paired with jogging shorts and a bun haphazardly placed at the top of his head while Zayn looks... well like he always does. Effortlessly perfect. He's got on some sort of designer shirt and his signature skin-tight black jeans, but instead of his usual long, jet black hair, he's opted for a shorter length dyed silver. He looks breathtaking; quite literally as Harry struggles to inhale and exhale properly in order to answer Zayn's simple question. "Yeah, course. Any time's a good time," Harry hopes he doesn't sound too eager, even though he is. He's been itching for some sort of contact with Zayn for months, and now he has it. They stand for a bit, Zayn looking at the decor as if he's never seen it before, and Harry looking at Zayn like he's never going to see him again in his life. Which is a possibility, with the amount of "cold-shoulder" Zayn's been giving him over the course of the last couple months. Zayn speaks up first, "Can't stay long. Got a few songs to write and record. Just thought I'd stop by