lack thereof), and more upon trust. Rather than wishing that Thorin might learn appreciation and courtesy, the Hobbit began to wish that he might earn his place in the Company, and in its leader’s good opinion.

            After all, why should a King at war not doubt a clumsy, fussy little Hobbit?

            It was, perhaps, for Bilbo to prove himself worthy of Thorin’s quest.

            This was not his reason for coming between the wounded King and a descending Orc blade. That came upon instinct, upon the shocking weight of watching the strongest of them all fall prey to the enemy. Bilbo had raced thoughtlessly to Thorin, for he knew now that this was the way of this Dwarven Company.

            In life or in death, side-by-side would they ever hold true to one another.

            And as a member of this brave Company, Bilbo’s place was at Thorin’s side. No matter the difference in skill or in strength, in title or size – as the Dwarf King would risk himself even for his weakest follower, so the Hobbit Burglar had thrown his own self in the way of Thorin’s danger.

            Then the binding of Bilbo Baggins to Thorin Oakenshield began.

            The King’s rare warmth now flooded from him. With Bilbo, he shared that very trust and friendship only his precious kinsmen knew. And it kindled the Hobbit’s opinion from distant admiration, to an all too new sense of closeness.

            Nothing evoked sure affection like the way Thorin looked at him. There was no softer possible smile, no gentler words, than those meant for Bilbo. The Hobbit could only wonder with amazement how he, one second-rate Burglar, had become the object of a King’s tenderest gaze?

            As in all things personal, Thorin pursued the Hobbit with some hesitation. There was a courting glint in his eyes, an unrepentant fascination in every slightest touch – but he voiced nothing. It had taken Bilbo’s bluntness to draw the King’s tentative overtures to a resolution.

            And it became the habit of both to lie side-by-side in the night, hands clasped, until sleep fell over them.

            The first daylight expression of their... well, of whatever exactly was budding between them (perhaps mere puppyish infatuation, perhaps more...), was Bilbo’s doing.

            Keeping up only just with the tallest Dwarf in their Company, the Hobbit coyly brushed his fingers near Thorin’s soldier-strong hand. When the Dwarf looked to him, Bilbo made a pinched little face, tipping his head in question. At first, Thorin was still and blank. Then just as the Hobbit began to withdraw his hand, Thorin caught it suddenly, and held it surely in his own.

            Not two minutes after, the Dwarves began to sing some merry, Dwarfish tune. Thorin’s brow turned deep, and he bellowed something at them in the native tongue of their race.

            The singing stopped, but there were lingering cackles.

            “What... what was that? What were they singing?”

            Thorin’s scowl became more exasperated than furious as he answered, “That... was a wedding song, Master Baggins.”

            “Oh.”

            Now, minding one’s own business was scarcely the practice of Hobbits. Even the mildest of them took every opportunity to peer into open windows, to chitchat away about the neighbors, and even to place bets on courting couples.

            But at least the pretense was usually upheld that every private affair indeed was private. The window peepers and gossipers pretended not to know of anything they oughtn’t.

            Dwarves made no such attempt, it seemed.

            With such a dearth of privacy, and an increasingly tumultuous road, nothing passed between Dwarf and Hobbit but handholding, and some huddling close in the night.

            Gandalf was witness to the first kiss.

            The Shapeshifter, Beorn, kept the most beautiful garden Bilbo had ever seen. A man that was also beast at intervals knew the natural world like his own kin – it was small wonder his was the most cared-for, liveliest and brightest land.

            For the first time in days, the Company was allowed to slow a little, to convalesce under the roof of a friend.

            The King and Burglar had thought they were alone. It was under a tree, in the midst of idle talk and dying sunlight. One face drew so close to the other, it took so little to simply do away with the distance between.

            “Ah, finally!”

            The Wizard’s interjection cut the moment short. Thorin looked about ready to behead Gandalf for doing so, but the Wizard seemed not abashed in the slightest.

            “You can never be sure, of course, but so intermingled were your futures, I guessed it right off!”

            “You... you knew?” Bilbo sputtered, almost insulted (Wizard or no, should a Hobbit’s future not be a matter of privacy??).

            Gandalf tapped above his left nostril, knowingly. “A Wizard has a nose for these things, you know.”

            “Perhaps he should be sticking that oversized nose elsewhere,” the Dwarf King suggested haughtily.

            “Oh, do carry on! I must