, seemingly irritated.

" It's Briana's baby." Zayn had let it out before he could even think about it.

"Oh yeah? Well, it could've been yours, but you decided you were too good for us." Louis' had stated, rather harshly.

" What?" Zayn had frowned.

" You think we like all of this? The life we've been tricked into? No, we don't! But we love each other, and we don't want to fall apart. But guess what you already took care of that." It had felt as if someone had stabbed Zayn right in his heart.

" Excuse me for wanting to live my life." He spat, hurt by his boyfriend's statement.

" I thought we were your life!" Louis retorted.

" You were! You are." He immediately corrected his statement.

"Oh forget it. I don't even know what I was thinking. I should've never called you. It's not like you need us anyway."

"Louis, you know, I do." It had come out more like a whine the he had intended to.

" Then why did you leave?" And there was the question he had dreaded.

" It's not like you stopped me. Not even once. You know I would've stayed. I would've survived a year longer, for you." It was something that Zayn had thought about a lot but hadn't even let himself ponder over it.

" We wanted you to be happy." was Louis' reply.

" I am happy!" Zayn stated, immediately regretting it as it left his lips.

" Bye Zayn. Stay happy." And before he could say anything else, he was stopped by the phone being hung up.

Pain.

It leaves you desolate and depressed.

For a month Zayn had stayed at his parents' house, wondering about what he had done, letting himself wallow in his self-created misery. The Raven haired lad had worked himself up to the point where he could do nothing but be mad at himself for everything. To him, it felt as if everyone was conspiring against him and everything was part of that conspiracy. He was confident that he could explain his feeling. Feeling? Calling it, that didn't even seem right. It was more like a tug, a very distinct tug in his chest, exactly where his heart laid. The unmistakable clawing at the inside, which felt as if something was trying to scratch its way out of his heart. It was as if something was trapped inside, a very strong something, and it had had enough, and it was struggling to come out. Sadly, he knew what it was. It was the pain. The pain of the words that shouldn't have meant anything to him but hit him like the cold air nipped at your skin after a warm shower. The pain that he withheld just for the sake of his sanity and ironically it drove him insane. He knew it was his own fault, but he couldn't be so sure. It was all a blur, those days. One second he'd be cheerful and the other he'd feel like screaming till he died. He was aware of what was happening, but he didn't have the heart to accept it. He just couldn't fathom that he'd have to go through it again.

The first time around he had been clueless and confused but this time, he knew what was happening and what was going to happen. The actual possibility of it made his skin crawl. But no matter how much he avoided it, in the end, he just had to accept it. He had relapsed.

Zayn hadn't accounted for his fingers dialing the particular number and turning his phone on speaker. He was so out of it that he didn't even felt surprised when the phone didn't directly went to voicemail. His eyes didn't move from the ceiling, hazy and distant. Soon the line disappeared, replacing itself with slow breathing.

"Hi, Liam." Zayn had let out. For a second there he ignored that they hadn't talked in months, and everything was a mess between them. He just let himself surrender to his depression, and it felt natural. Everything seemed natural. " I think I've relapsed." He took the sharp intake of breath on the other line as a sign for him to continue. " Yeah, it's happening again. I can't even control it anymore, and it's scaring me." He inhaled deeply, hoping for any sort of response but sadly Liam had stuck to his silence. " Last time, I didn't know what it was. Now I know exactly what it is and.." He sniffles, letting the first tear out of his eyes. " I don't want to go through it again. I don't want to feel like everyone is out there to get me. I don't want everyone to walk on