with his hand, eyes bulging to an alarming extent. “O-Oral...?”

Leon rolled his eyes.

“Get your mind out of the gutter, dude,” said Yasuhiro. “We’re talking about brushing teeth.”

That didn't interest Hifumi, apparently, because he flumped back down and started snoring again.

Byakuya flicked his tongue at his bottom row of teeth, looking like he wanted to say something that no one else wanted to hear.

Mondo noticed and cleared his throat, blinking blearily. He tried to invigorate himself by rubbing his knuckles across his eyes. “Seriously, Kuwata, it’s not a big deal. You didn’t kiss her. So what, you know? She probably didn’t want to kiss you anyway.”

“What?” A spike of indignation shot down Leon and lingered at the bottom of his stomach. “The Hell, dude? Why wouldn’t she want a taste of me?”

“‘Cause she’s not interested?” Mondo suggested. He kicked out a leg so it lay horizontal across the floor, other knee staying folded by his chest, and twisted around a bit. Frowning, he grasped Leon’s knee and gave it a firm squeeze. “S’like this... s’like, she spent more time with Kirigiri and Naegi than you. And pretty much everyone else.”

Leon locked his hands into fists and flapped his crooked arms in an imitation of an enraged chicken. “Oi, oi! I don’t need to hear this pity from you. You got to kiss Ishimaru so don’t say it’s no big deal to me.”

“I kissed Tofu,” Byakuya said, looking thoughtful. The neck of his bottle slipped down his palm until his fist was at the top of the bottle. “I liked it. We’ve both read the book of Pride and Prejudice.”

Yasuhiro glanced at Byakuya briefly. “You already told us that, man.”

Keeping his hand on Leon’s knee, Mondo pointed at Leon with his other hand and jabbed at the air several times. “S’that was a dare, me and Kyoudai, and he kissed me. He kissed me on the cheek!”

To emphasise his point, Mondo stabbed his finger into his cheek where the kiss presumably happened.

“Yeah, and then you both agreed to kiss on the mouth for like a minute afterwards,” Leon reminded him. “That kiss on the mouth wasn’t, like, you could have not kissed on the mouth.”

Mondo barked out a laugh and placed his hands onto his hips. “A’ight, you got me there. I got carried away or something, yeah?”

Kiyotaka clicked his fingers with both hands as he pointed at Mondo, shaking with silent laughter.

“That he did get you, Kyoudai!” said Kiyotaka. “And you kissed most well... I felt your soul clash with mine! Your passion spoke loud! It was extra credit worthy!”

Earlier, music had blared to the point that some guests hinted the neighbours might complain, but no police officers or local residents knocked on the front door at any point during the party. The music was only switched off when the majority of people remaining in the room voted for its termination after the girls headed back to the school, and so ten seconds of blissful silence now passed, made imperfect only by Hifumi’s snores.

Then Byakuya ruined it. “My kiss lasted more than a minute.”

“We know,” said Leon.

“A lot longer. And she has seen Branded to Kill.”

“We know!” Leon said again. He threw his hands up. “Why couldn’t Fukawa have taken you back with her?”

“The girls all took off together,” Yasuhiro said as he prodded the tips of his index fingers together, eyes narrowed. His tongue poked out of the corner of his mouth a little, in concentration. “I think it’s girl code to move in groups at night... Guys as a social category are total creeps, like even if certain individuals aren’t and even if others aren’t actively aware of their privilege, so girls have to like... take it upon themselves to protect each other, ‘cause the threats to them are also the people in power and stuff, ‘right? S’hard to change the dynamics and rules of the game when the imbalance of power isn’t in your favour.”

“Wow.” Leon furrowed his brow. “You’re really hammered.”

Byakuya let the bottle in his hand slide out of his slackened grip. It fell onto his seat, rolled, and then thudded to the floor. To Leon’s relief, Byakuya didn’t say anything and just stared into space.

More silence followed. Kiyotaka gazed out of the window while Mondo tapped his fingers against the carpet. Hifumi’s snores faded into part of the furniture, as home to Leon as the painting on the wall that looked like a stock image from the internet, and the rug in the centre of the room. Even if this wasn't Leon's house.