long way to go.

"We're here kiddo."

Sam squealed and unbuckled himself. Dean opened his door, Sam clambered out, "I gotta get Riley. You stay close to me Sam."

Sam nodded and Dean unbuckled Riley from her carseat, picking her up.

He wrapped her securely in her blanket and shut the door and locked it.

Sam was walking ahead of him but he wasn't too far. Sam opened the door for his brother, putting his whole weight against it.

"Thanks Sammy."

There were tons of paintings and tons of people.

Dean looked around, searching for Cas.

"This was inspired by me taking my mate to the beach one day-"

Dean looked over to the voice, Sam noticing him at that moment too.

"Cassie!"

Dean couldn't grab Sam fast enough before he was running to where Cas was.

"Sam!"

Dean ran after Sam and when he found him, Cas was holding him and smiling, talking to him.

The people around him were awhing and sighing.

Cas looked up when Dean got near, setting Sam down.

"Hey sweetheart, why are you here?" Cas gestured for one minute to the group of people around him and they dispersed, going to other people.

"Wanted to come suprise you, see how things were going."

Cas smiled, leaning in and kissing him, taking Riley from him after, "Things are good. I don't really have much free time. People are constantly always coming up."

Dean smiled brightly, "That's good. I don't see why they wouldn't come, your work is amazing."

Cas gave a gummy smile, "Thanks baby. So how is Riley, you?"

"Riley is healthy," Dean leaned forward, whispering in Cas's ear, "Doctor gave me permission to have non-penetrative sex and told me I could give penetrative sex. Just thought you should know."

Dean backed up and smirked at Cas, who looked a mix of turned on and scared.

Dean patted Cas's chest, "It'll be okay. Well, we'll let you get back to what you were doing. Just wanted to stop by."

Cas nodded and kissed Dean's cheek, "Then I'll see you at home."

Dean nodded and took Riley, grabbing Sam's hand, "See you at home."

~~~~~~~~~~~~

When Dean got home, the dogs came running at them.

Dean held the carseat carrying Riley up, "Hey puppies. Were you good?" They barked and wagged their tails happily.

Dean went to Riley's nursery and unbundled her, laying her sleeping form in the crib. He quietly left after and went to his room.

He stopped when he saw a pair of pants and shirt on the floor, ripped up.

"God damnit."

Dean walked out of his room and to the kitchen, "Harley, Lacey! Come here girls!"

He heard the dogs running and saw them coming in, happy and yapping.

"Hi girls! Hi Lacey, hi girl. Come here Harley. Did you guys miss me? Huh, ya. You guys missed me huh." The dogs were wagging their tails and jumping up on his legs, "so who ripped up my pants and shirt?" The dogs quickly started walking away after that, "Oh, you don't want to talk about that?"

Dean sighed and went back to his room, picking his ripped clothes up and tossing them.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sam and Riley were asleep peacefully by time Cas came home. Dean was in the bedroom, waiting.

Right when Cas walked through the bedroom door, he was slammed up against the wall, mouth covering his own and Dean's foot kicking the door closed.

Cas's hands went around Dean's waist, slipping down to his ass and squeezing.

Dean pulled Cas forward, dropping him on the bed. He sat on his lap and rolled his hips.

"God, I missed you like this."

Cad chuckled, "Its only been a couple days."

Dean growled, "More like a couple weeks." Dean smashed his lips to Cas's, groaning.

"W-Wait Dean-"

Dean pulled back from where he had started trailing Cas's neck, "What?"

"I-uh,"

Dean smiles softly, cupping Cas's face, "We don't need to baby."

Cad frowned, "but I told you we could."

Dean nodded, "I know but you're scared and I understand that. I was scared at first too."

Dean let go of Cas and started to move away to go to sleep, Cas caught his wrist.

"Please, I want too. I want to give you what you gave up when you mated with me but I'm just unsure. Just help me?"

Dean stared at Cas intently, "Are you sure? We really don't need too, I'm fine with how our sex life is."

Cas wrapped a hand around Deans neck, the other going around his waist, pulling him close