pulled away from Jongin’s embrace, ready to go out of the bath. Confused, Jongin didn’t react immediately but when he did, he circled his arms around his boyfriend’s long legs, gluing his cheek to his thigh. “Don’t go.” He whined, peppering kisses on the smooth and damp skin of his muscled thighs. Sehun’s butt was just a little higher and he kind of wanted to sink his teeth in the flesh or leave love bites all over his cute backside but he knew his boyfriend would find it offensive so he settled for the safe spots on his thighs.

Sehun laughed at his childish attitude and tried to make him release him but Jongin was stubborn, tightening his hold on him. Sehun stopped fighting, not wanting to slip and hurt himself, or Jongin for that matter. “What do you want?” He chuckled finally, defeated. Jongin was somewhat endearing when he acted like a kid—not that he would give him the satisfaction of telling him that.

“You.” Jongin replied easily, blinking up at him cutely. His fingers were brushing Sehun’s skin tenderly to coax him into staying with him.

Rolling his eyes, Sehun petted his head, tousling his wet hair. “Let me go, I don’t want to catch a cold.”

“Stay,” Jongin asked instead, grinning when Sehun hesitated. In the end, his boyfriend sat back in the bath, facing him this time. “I don’t like you very much right now,” he chastised.

“You love me!” Jongin singsonged, coming closer to Sehun. Pressing a kiss to his lover’s nose, he caught his legs and pulled him towards him, Sehun’s thighs now resting on his lap. Once chest to chest with Sehun straddling him, Jongin sighed in content, diving in for another kiss—on Sehun’s mouth this time. The younger responded to the kiss of course, his arms circling his boyfriend’s neck.

Jongin’s hands wandered on his naked back, retracing his spine from his nape to the dimples on his rears, his fingers mapping out his flesh meticulously. Slotting their mouths together with more passion, Jongin finally grabbed Sehun’s butt cheeks in both of his hands and hoisted him up his thighs. Releasing a soft mewl, Sehun shivered when his boyfriend’s hard on brushed his own cock stirring up to life between their bodies.

“One more time?” Jongin offered teasingly, his kisses leaving Sehun’s breathless and incoherent. “We’re clean now,” he reasoned against his mouth.

“But the bath won’t be once we finish,” Sehun whined. But the way he rolled his hips expertly against Jongin’s showed how little he cared about it. His boyfriend smirked and squeezed his ass, lifting him up higher, his cock now nudging Sehun’s wet fluttering hole. “I don’t care, I like being dirty with you.”

Sehun whimpered when Jongin took a hold of his erection, pushing the head to his opening, circling the rim a few times before finally easing inside. They moaned in tandem, staying still to get used to the feeling of being one once again. Planting his nails in Jongin’s shoulders, Sehun moved his hips in circle, Jongin’s cock dragging against his walls and sliding deeper inside of him, his own hardening cock brushing against Jongin’s abs.

“This is so good,” Jongin whispered against his throat, sucking on the skin until it bruised. “You’re so wet and warm around me, Sehun.”

“Fuck, just move!” Sehun sobbed, lifting himself up before letting the gravity do his work.

His boyfriend licked his lips, his hooded eyes focused on Sehun’s pinkish face as he rode him. Sehun was really sexy like that; hell, Sehun was always sexy. Squeezing the younger meaty ass, Jongin groaned when Sehun cried out, speeding up the pace and fucking himself deeper onto Jongin’s cock.

The water was splashing everywhere in the bathroom and Jongin knew Sehun would get mad at him after, but for now his boyfriend was too busy chasing his orgasm, not even minding that Jongin was barely moving under him and letting him do all the work. His hands worming his way up to Sehun’s nape, Jongin brought him closer to kiss him. Sehun’s hips stuttered and he slowed down, unable to focus on the kiss and fucking himself down Jongin’s cock.   

Jongin bit his lower lip, tearing off a groan from his boyfriend, and lifted him up to pull out. Sehun sent him a confused glance but Jongin shut him up with a kiss, ushering him to turn around, which he did, albeit clumsily. The bathtub wasn’t that big so it was a bit difficult to move around. Guiding Sehun on his hands and knees, Jongin quickly got up on his knees too, and didn’t wait long before filling Sehun’s hole once more.

He thrusted into him with more force, his hands gripping Sehun’s hips, leaning on his boyfriend’s back