and commenting 'ah, look at the cute spider!' had the potential to get you killed. But she couldn't have taken it. It was impossible to cry or get angry while under its influence, and she had done both.

So how could she view him in such light – an 18 year old Gryffindor girl, of all people? It made him uncomfortable. It was insane. For some reason he couldn't comprehend, she had painted him a hero in her mind. He wasn't. He could never live up to expectations like that. It made him feel vulnerable and brought all his insecurities back with a vengeance. 

She almost sounded – passionate – about him, about the role he was forced to play and how others treated him because of that. He had a hard time getting his mind around the idea. Of course, this was Hermione Granger talking, the girl who had single-handedly started a revolutionary campaign for the liberation of house-elves in her fourth year. She had always been one to stand fiercely at the side of the down-trodden, the mistreated, the misunderstood. That thought was quite a downer. He had no wish to be put in the same category as house-elves, goblins and – Merlin prevent – Neville Longbottom.

"A most touching evaluation, Miss Granger," he said, making an effort to put on his mask again and hide his inner turbulence behind his sarcasm. "It was missing important bits and facts, but, for what it's worth, you have my thanks. However, it still doesn't explain your desire for the kind of physical intimacy your pledge involved. One usually neither expresses respect or admiration, nor pity by exchanging kisses."

Hermione smiled. What a Snape-like thing to say. So formal, so stiff, so carefully devoid of anything that might reflect positive emotion. It was probably why people thought him to be cold and unfeeling. But it was nothing but an armour. Just like his clothes, which were always too stiff and too formal, with those tightly buttoned sleeves and the tightly bound cravat, and all devoid of colour. But she had learned a long time ago to never take anything at face value, especially not the things that were so blatantly obvious that they screamed 'charade'. She had long found out that a lot of Severus Snape was just an act. And she had grown increasingly curious about the man that was hidden behind the cold and dark facade.

"But one surely does express attraction that way..." she said, blushing again.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


"But one surely does express attraction that way..." she said, blushing again.


He gave another derisive snort. "Your speech about respect, gratitude and admiration was relatively convincing. But I hope you don't expect me to believe that you find yourself attracted to me! I'm twice your age, girl, and surely not a man that turns heads."

Severus had no illusions about his appearance. He was by no one's standard a handsome man. His nose was too big and slightly crooked, his hair fine and prone to get oily. Contrary to rumors, he did place value on personal hygiene and found his daily showers not only necessary, but relaxing. There was just no point in taking them before spending hours over steaming cauldrons with often rather smelly ingredients. He was also fastidious about his teeth and brushed them regularly. But there was only so much his selfmade toothpaste could do - especially since he drank too much coffee and often enjoyed a glass of red wine in the evening. But, he thought, he should probably try to find a supplement for the essence of chamomile in the recipe, which was great for his gums, but probably only added to the problem of staining. At least, now he had the time to invest in luxury problems like that.

He was rather proud though, that despite his almost 40 years, he hadn't developed a paunch. True, he wasn't overly muscular or even athletic, but neither was he as lanky and thin as he used to be as a teenager. His skin had always been too pale and too sallow due to stress and too much time spent inside, and the lines etched in his face were more pronounced than could be justified by age alone.

But he knew very well that attraction - especially sexual attraction - was never based solely on looks. If it were, very few people would get to procreate. There were other things women found alluring, such as intelligence, humour and a strong personality.

Well, he did have a sense of humour, but unfortunately, it was dry and often sarcastic, and his quick wit came with a heartfelt disregard for stupidity. His remarks were often straight to the point, biting and cutting, often downright mean. His tongue was every bit as feared as his wand, a weapon honed to perfection, and it could inflict just as much damage. When it was well-deserved, a small and probably slightly sadistic part in him relished being able to deliver instant punishment without even raising his