?'' Merlin finally asked with a desperate attempt at gallows humour.

But Arthur didn't smile at his jibe.

''I think my father already did that, don't you?'' he asked expressionless, turning away and walking after his father and sister, towards where the rest of his family was just getting in the car.

Merlin was left standing there with his dreams in shambles, shaking and distraught in his undergarments.


~*~


Arthur couldn't believe how stupid Merlin had been. Nor how selfishly Morgana had been, for that matter, taking advantage of it. Maybe Merlin was too love-struck to realise what a risk he had been running, but his sister had known how their father was likely to react.

Being thrown out of the race would cut Merlin worse than any of the other participants. Their reasons for wanting to join that race were vanity and fame rather than the ten thousand pounds, seeing how most of them were rich men with a lot of resources. But from what Merlin had told Arthur about his background, Arthur knew how important the shot at the price money was for Merlin. He and his friend were up to their ears in debts.

Arthur couldn't remember the last time he'd been so angry with Morgana. He understood her need to rebel against the restrictions their father and society in general put upon her. He understood because there were restrictions like that – even if of a different kind – on him as well. But to use poor Merlin like that...

Standing in the shadows on the stairs leading down to the entrance hall, Arthur watched Merlin pace, head bowed and hat in hand. He looked miserable, desperate but already close to resigned. The shout of ''Most certainly not!'' that had been heard even through the closed doors of his father's office a few minutes prior, probably had not encouraged him.

It didn't take much longer after that for the door to open. Gaius slipped out, quickly closing it behind him again. The look he gave Merlin was sympathetic, and Merlin sagged as the last hope he might have still kindled inside his chest vanished.

''I'm sorry, my dear boy,'' Gaius said, coming forward and patting Merlin on the shoulder. ''But I'm afraid Lord Pendragon is quite insistent. Not only are you out of the race, you're to remove yourself and your flying machine from Brookley as soon as possible.''

''Did you tell him that I needed to speak with him?''

Gaius nodded. ''He would have none of it. And to be honest, I don't think it would change anything.''

''But... this would be a catastrophe for us! If I don't get back in that race, I'm gonna lose everything.'' Merlin shook his head. ''We don't even have enough money to get back to London, never mind all the way to Arizona.''

''I really am sorry, but he won't be moved.''

Merlin nodded, and Arthur could see him making the effort to put on a brave face. ''I want to thank you anyway. I appreciate it that you tried.''

''What are you going to do now?'' Gaius asked, leading Merlin to the door.

Merlin sighed and gave a small, uncertain shrug. ''I don't know. I will have to sell my aircraft.''

It was obvious to Arthur that saying that out loud alone was difficult for Merlin. And even though he didn't want to, Arthur felt the stab of sympathy. If he were to lose the Excalibur... he would be devastated.

''Oh... I'm sorry to hear that,'' Gaius said with some surprise. ''But at least you'll get a lot of offers here.''

The smile Merlin attempted was pathetic, and it should not have tugged at Arthur like it did, worming itself inside his chest. When the door fell shut behind Merlin Emrys, Arthur sighed. He supposed he'd have to talk to his father.

 


~ Gratitude (The Kiss) ~



 


Merlin had stayed up all night working on the Kilgharrah. He supposed everyone else would think it superfluous and silly, but to Merlin the Kilgharrah was more than an aircraft. It was the representation of his every dream. The one thing he had found in his life so far that felt completely right. The Kilgharrah had spoken to him, had carried him into the sky and had shown him a world that was different and beautiful and free. Giving it up, handing the Kilgharrah over to someone who would not take care of her properly, would not understand her like Merlin did... Merlin felt like he was about to give up his own child.

He had tried to come up with a different solution, but time was running out quickly. So quickly that it still felt completely unreal. But Lord Pendragon wanted him and his aircraft gone before the race, and there was nothing Merlin could do about it. He didn't have time to find work, or make contact with people who might be interested in the kind of shows they had done in Arizona. There simply was