he can’t have known I’d react like that in the first place.

“Don’t be,” he says quietly. “It’s not your fault.”

“I know.” Maybe what I’m really sorry about is the now-very-present implication that I’m afraid of him. I’m not. But I’m afraid of what he could be, of the world he comes from.

“This might be my cue to walk you back to the train station,” he says after a moment. His voice is carefully free of any negative emotion, but it’s not entirely cheerful, either.

“No, don’t,” I say. “Please, no. I need to do something. Get my mind off this. Let’s... let’s finish our lunch and go shopping or something.”

“Fair enough. New sweaters usually make me forget about bad things.”

I grin at that. “New sweaters are a cure for a great many things.”

The sad thing is, I know that this is our last date. I hadn’t been ready to make the decision until now, but I think I finally see what my brain was trying to tell me for the past few days.

I can’t date him.

As much as I really like him, like the butterflies he makes me feel, of the little smiles, private jokes, and the thrill of the smallest brush of skin—his cleverness and kindness, his perception and his charm—all of that... it’s not that he’s not worth it so much as I can’t take it. Not after the incident in the alleyway. I feel like a bit of an idiot for not recognizing sooner that I’d be affected by that, but I don’t know how I could’ve known, or that I’d go crazy about it a full month after the fact.

“Takuma-kun?”

“Yes?” He takes my empty soup cup and his sandwich wrapper and places them back in the bag.

“I think it would be easier if we were friends.”

He pauses for a moment, but then stands. There’s a small rubbish bin a few feet away, where he gets rid of our lunch remains before returning to me. I stand up, slowly, and stare at the ground for a moment. But Takuma doesn’t deserve my cowardice, so I make myself look him in the eyes. “I don’t know if I can get past this. Not right now, anyway.”

Takuma nods. “I wondered why you hadn’t said anything yet.”

“Because I didn’t know,” I admit.

“That’s completely understandable.”

“I like you and I want to still be friends, and we can keep up the poli-sci course and everything. If you want.”

His smile, usually bright, is subdued, but somehow more genuine for it. “Of course. I like you, too, Hikari-chan. I’d like it if we stayed friends. Do you want me to walk you to the station?”

Call me crazy, but when you fall off a horse, you get right back on, so your final riding experience isn’t a bad one. I shift my weight to one foot. “Do you want to just... hang out the rest of the afternoon? Finish our last date?”

“Ah, yes, we must prove to the world that I can take you out and the sky won’t come crashing down on us!” He grins and offers me his arm, which I take, and we head back to the street. “I believe there was something said about new sweaters?”

“The sweaters are paramount. I demand at least one good sweater out of today if we have to go to every shop in town.”

“Your wish is my command.”

Hikari mulls over her big decision and tells Etsuko her secret.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 

The air is cold, even underground, and smells tangy, like engine grease. There’s only so much of this bench I can sit on without getting pigeon waste on my jeans, so I keep still as I wait for Etsuko to arrive.

It’s just been four days since I broke up with Takuma. It doesn’t hurt any less now than it did after I went home from our last date.

I couldn’t take not telling anyone. The restlessness from breaking up was sort of clawing me from the inside out, so I called Etsuko, who told me she’d get on the first train today to come see me, if I’d pick her up at the station.

Thankfully, I have the best older brother ever, and Kaito agreed to drive us to and from the station.

“Hikari?”

I look up to see Etsuko striding through the ticket stiles toward me. I stand up with a tired smile.

She drops her bag on the ground beside me and hugs me so tightly I can’t