this time at your collar, before moving down to your breast. The lower he moved, the more his fingers played with the edges of your underwear on your hip, causing you to breathe sharply in anticipation.

After much frustrating teasing, his lips pressed against you through the material of your underwear, his tongue slipping from between them to press at the hot, moist dip beneath. There was nothing you could do, your back arched harshly and you bit your lower lip is the sensation rushed through you; your hand moving into his unkempt hair and trying not to grip it tightly.


I’m talkin’ to yaSee you standing over there with your bodyFeeling like I wanna rock with your bodyAnd we don’t gotta think ‘bout nothin’I’m comin’ at ya‘Cause I know you got a bad reputationDoesn’t matter, ‘cause you give me temptationAnd we don’t gotta think 'bout nothin’


“Y/N?…” came the voice on the phone, bringing you crashing, once again, to reality; forcing you to release your lower lip from your teeth and gasp to recover.

“Yes, sorry… I um… I have Anderson looking for that file right now,” you replied, embarrassed but glad you had heard enough of the conversation to know what was required.

“Is everything ok?” asked the voice.

“Yes… yeah, I’m just tired… not much rest.”

“Perhaps you ought to stop  doing so much with your free time and rest a little.”

“Maybe… ok sorry, I have to go,” you said, slapping the phone down.


These friends keep talkin’ way too muchSay I should give you upCan’t hear them no, 'cause I


Spencer had finished making his coffee and was headed right for you. Noticing your hand still on your phone at the edge of the desk, he let his fingers slide up your forearm teasingly but so that no one would notice. Was he trying to get you in trouble?

Whirling around, you watched as he nonchalantly moved to his desk, sliding himself across onto his seat without even a glance back. Your eyes darted around the room to see if anyone had noticed. As you looked back at your arm, you could still feel the tingle as you watched his fingers slowly move up your forearm; your hands flat on his stomach while you sat astride him.

With no hesitation, he pulled you forward, bringing you down to lay on his chest as you felt him harden against you. It was too much to take, too much to resist as you started pleading in your mind for him to take you. You couldn’t wait for that. Every part of you was screaming for him and eventually, while your lips were locked in his you raised your body just enough to let a hand slide between you. Taking hold of him, you guided him to just where you needed him before rising to sit slowly down.

Spencer’s head rolled back as you inched him deeper and deeper, his hands gripping your hips as you took him in. Now biting your lip hard, you closed your eyes and began to roll your hips side to side, teasing him inside you till he took control again.

With a sharp and unexpected thrust, Spencer bounced you upward, forcing a gasp to escape your lips. Before you could do anything, he did it again, then again till finally, he had you bouncing in a steady yet quick rhythm. Each bounce pushed him deeper, his groin slapping against your clit as his hips moved.

Without thinking, you gripped your own breasts, partly out of pleasure and partly to stop them from bouncing so hard. It wasn’t long before each bounce caused a little moan, the pleasure building quickly till suddenly the world spun.

You didn’t know or care how, but in one movement, Spencer had taking hold of your arm and rolled you over onto your back. His heavy breathing into your neck as he slid back between your legs made the hairs on the back of it stand on end. Two hands pressed your knees as high as they would go and he raised up to look into your eyes. The grin that spread across his open mouth as he slid himself back inside you would be burned into your memory forever.


Been tryna hide itBaby what’s it gonna hurt if they don’t know?Makin’ everybody think that we soloJust as long as you know you got meAnd boy I got ya'Cause tonight I’m making deals with the devilAnd I know it’s gonna get me in troubleJust as long as you know you got me


“Oh my God, snap out of it,” you think to yourself angrily as you snap yourself out of it once again. Luckily, no one had noticed you squirming in your seat or that your lip had wandered back between your teeth. Was this the reason you’d spent the entire weekend in bed together? Because, after only a few hours of not writhing naked against him it was all you could think about.

Standing up suddenly, you stormed across the bullpen, ignoring any sore ache that