off here!”

                “Is there? I thought he was always a people person…”

                “It’s not that!” Wolfram is shouting, in spite of himself. “The way he’s so desperate to talk to everyone--” (Except me, says Conrad again, but no one bothers) “—that look of… of melancholy that’s so unlike him! It’s almost like—”

                Wolfram’s voice catches as he realizes. “Almost as though he’s dying.”

                Murata tilts his head, his glasses reflecting Wolfram’s despair. “Bingo.”

                A lot of things happen in that instant. The cup is swept off the table and shatters. Wolfram falls into a chair, Conrad jumps to his feet, but Josak gets there first. He lifts Murata up by the collar, as easily as a child would a kitten.

                “Explain.” Those blue eyes are cold.

                There’s a moment of silence as Murata’s black eyes meet that endless blue, and then – in that pindrop silence—he starts to laugh.

                Wolfram feels the heat rise to his face, blurring his eyes and mind. “If this is your idea of a sick joke…” His hand has gone instinctively to his sword, and no one seems to want to stop him.

                “No, it’s true,” Murata chuckles again. “He’s dying. Which one of us isn’t? That’s what life is, dying slowly, right?”

                Josak drops him suddenly, and he bounces back onto his chair with an ‘oomph’. It didn’t look comfortable, and Josak definitely didn’t mean it to be, but Murata still seems to find the situation funny.

                “And here I was, thinking that Shibuya has outdone himself on the overreacting part this time. This is what they mean by ‘birds of a feather’, then? Relax, sheesh. He’s just in the middle of an existential crisis.”

                “An exis—axis…” Wolfram frowns and gives up. “Okay, so what’s this crisis? It sounds fancy, so is it serious?”

                “Serious?” Murata contemplates it. “You could say so. Basically, being a year older got Shibuya thinking about growing up, growing old, time, all that shmuck.”

                Wolfram’s frown deepens. “Why would he be worrying about all that, he’s not even twenty!” Then he bats Josak away impatiently when the latter tries to smooth out his “wrinkles”.

                “And how old would that be in mazoku years?” Murata drums his fingers on his armrest. “Shibuya was never that good at Maths, but you should have seen him trying with his calculator. And we’re still not exactly sure how time passes between the worlds, after all.”

                “It’s ridiculous,” Wolfram scoffs. “Even if time moves slower there, here he’s aging just as a mazoku would, and we mazoku live for centuries—”

                “Exactly.” Murata’s fingers make one last, loud tap against the wood. “It’s normal to you, and it’s how the way his body is growing, but mentally he’s still not used to that much time. And then there are his human friends. Did you see Lady Flynn yesterday? I won’t divulge a lady’s age, but she’s obviously--”

                Gurrier coughs politely, and Murata catches the hint.

                “—Beatrice is almost a woman now, and then there’s…” He pauses, glancing at Wolfram. “Greta.”

                The name, that thought, pierces Wolfram’s heart like a knife. Their human daughter won’t live as long as them. Both of them know that, but both of them have been trying to ignore it. It’s getting harder, though, especially as she’s almost as tall as her fathers now in heels.

                “Yesterday was the first birthday he spent without his brother.”

                Murata picks up another cup and pours himself some more coffee. “Of course, that’s just because Shibuya Shouri has gone to America with his girlfriend for college, but it still shows that time has passed. Is passing. And Shibuya does look obviously younger than most of his friends, though I’m pretty sure that’s just his baby face.”

                Wolfram has gone silent. Conrad hasn’t said a thing in a long time, but Murata can see the same thought in both their hearts. As expected of brothers.

                “You’re thinking, ‘So what?’, aren’t you? You want to tell him it’ll be okay, because he’ll always have you.” Murata takes a long draft, savoring the lukewarm liquid. “How long is the mazoku life expectancy again? On earth, we can live anywhere from 60 to 80, maybe even 100 years, if you’re lucky. Or unlucky, depending on how you look at it. Multiply that by five, and remember that maous tend to live longer lives.”

               He looks at them, his eyes no longer hidden, and meets their gazes one