man in the corner unfurled a scroll and dipped his quill in ink, preparing to take notes on Baelfire’s interrogation. Regina’s advisory officers sat on the other side, thoughtfully leaning forward in their seats. 

“State you name for the court,” Regina intoned, her hands curling around the armrests of her throne. Baelfire’s eyes flickered to Emma, a wary look in them. She looked back steadily, willing him to hear her silent pleas.


Don’t make this harder than it has to be. Answer the questions, don’t make me hurt you.


He almost imperceptibly nodded, and tore his eyes away from her to look at Regina. “Baelfire,” he said, his voice hoarse with weariness. 

“And tell the court how you came to be here, Baelfire.”

“I was captured after attempting an attack on one of your ships…”

The establishing questions soon gave way to more detailed, strategic questions. Regina asked him to illustrate the defense system around Arthur’s castle; she asked him about the size of Arthur’s naval forces, and to estimate how much manpower he had at his command; she asked him about how sophisticated their weapons were, if he knew anything about his suppliers and supporters, how the siege had affected his ability to retaliate. 

Baelfire answered directly; Emma held his heart only to serve as a reminder that if needed, she would force him to cooperate, regardless of how reluctant she was to do so. During the barrage of questions, his eyes kept darting back to her, as if asking for reassurance that he was doing what he was supposed to. Emma would respond with the smallest of nods; he would relax and continue answering Regina’s questions, his voice a little steadier. 

“…but that’s only what I’ve seen with my own eyes.” Baelfire looked at Emma, as if specifically directing his next words at her. “Trust is a rare commodity in my world. I doubt Arthur would confide all his secrets to a pirate.”

Emma held his gaze, his words echoing in the back of her mind: Trust is a rare commodity in my world. Did he mean it was difficult for him to trust or to be trusted?

“So you have no other useful information to offer me?” Regina asked, arching an eyebrow. 

Baelfire dragged his eyes away from Emma, tensing as he looked into Regina’s cold eyes. “No, milady,” he said. “I have told you everything I know.”

“Hmm.” Regina glanced at Emma, then rested her eyes meaningfully at the heart. Emma’s own heart sped up, hearing Regina’s unspoken command: Crush it, he’s of no further value.

No.  She gripped it a little tighter; Baelfire inhaled sharply, bending over in pain. Emma looked over, instantly loosening her hold.

For one horrible second, she thought Regina had noticed; but then Regina flicked her eyes back to her guards, calmly ordering them to bring Baelfire back to his cell. Emma inwardly breathed in relief, watching them pull him to his feet. Baelfire didn't look away from her until one of the guards at his side impatiently turned him around. The doors swung shut behind them, rattling from the force of the heavy wood slamming back. 

“You’re dismissed,” Regina called out to her advisors, waving a careless hand. Chairs scraped and feet shuffled as they stood up to bow respectfully before leaving the room; Regina barely glanced at them: her eyes were trained on Emma as she carefully placed the heart back in the box. 

Regina didn't speak until all but the two of them had left the room. Her voice echoed in the empty, cavernous room, surrounding Emma from all directions.

“What do you plan to do with that?” she asked, nodding toward the box. “He said so himself, he’s no longer useful.”

Emma tensed, praying her face didn't betray the panic she felt racing in her veins. “I’m not sure yet,” she said, keeping her eyes down. “But I don’t want to kill him and find out later that we could have used him.”

“Why? What else do you think we could use him for?” There was a note of suspicion in her mother’s voice, which pierced Emma to her very soul. If Regina distrusted her—even slightly—she didn't know what to think, what to do: it sent her into a whirlwind of fear and anxiety, making her voice tremble and her hands shake. 

“I know what I’m doing, Mother. There’s no harm or risk in keeping him alive.”

Regina raised her eyebrows coolly. “See that there’s not.”

 

Her mind anxiously picked over Regina’s words as she made her usual way to the dungeons, keeping her hood lowered over her bowed head. She had worn the darkest cloak she owned and tucked her pale hair as far back as she could, as if it could make her less visible. The way Regina had looked at her