a bit rougher with himself, using a firmer grip and going faster. He watches bloodlust overtake his friend's features and it makes his pulse thrum hard along his skin, alighting every nerve in his body. That's it... let me drag you down into hell with me. Benny looks terrifying in his fresh blood induced ecstasy, tearing viciously at Dean's thigh, eyes open only a sliver, blood smeared all over his mouth, teeth fully out.

 Dean drowns out the pain by focusing on Benny's expression, straining his ears to hear the sound of the other man masturbating himself. He's not disappointed. The mark is starting to get pissed, Dean's head is starting to bob under the waves as the urge to kill gets stronger and stronger. His erection wilts some.

 "Benny," Dean growls, hands becoming fists. "Enough." He tugs viciously at the vampire's hair, exposing his throat. Benny snarls, grabbing Dean's thigh and slightly tugging the edges of the mangled flesh apart before it can start healing again. He tugs a couple of times, straining toward the healing wound. Dean punches him in the jaw before Benny snaps back to himself. It's taking longer and longer every time. An empty pit that yawns wider each time inside of Dean notes. He brings his bloodied knuckles up to his lips and licks them clean with grim satisfaction. 'nother awesome perk of being a demon, never have to worry about Benny's pesky STD.   

 "Brother, I..." Benny looks crestfallen, usually bright blue eyes dark with regret.

 "Sorry I had to hit you, Baby. I didn't mean any disrespect. It's cool, don't apologize. Now, you gonna' stay down there all day or are you going to fuck me?" He tugs on Benny's hair and the vampires goes with it, coming up to kiss Dean with the taste of iron and regret like ash in his mouth.

 "I'm not gonna' fuck you. I'm gonna' make love to you, cher."

 A laugh rumbles in Dean's chest. "I wouldn't be so sure about that."

 Benny gazes deeply into his eyes, stroking the side of Dean's face. "Yet here I am." He moves in close, kissing deep and slow, love welling up endlessly as he strokes down Dean's arms and over his chest, rubbing little circles around the demon's nipples.
He puts the knife on his bedside table, within easy reach.
"You're too good to me, baby..." But not for long. Benny's large hands glide down over Dean's stomach, then come back up and gently trace his ribs. He kisses along Dean's jaw as his hands go around to his back, stroking down his shoulder blades in a broad sweep before his thumbs gently trace each vertebrae in Dean's spine.

 I don't understand.... where does this tenderness come from? A small corner of Dean feels ashamed, and a larger portion feels slightly overwhelmed. Benny's lips are feathering over his pulse, brushing again and again before sucking lightly over his carotid, just under the corner of his jaw. Dean groans, getting hard again, and his head falls back as Benny's fingers come back around his front to trace his hip bones. There's only one way to get this train back on track... luckily, Dean doesn't have to lie. "Benny," he groans, "Please baby, I need you. I need you to take me, claim me."

 Benny chuckles softly in his ear. "Patience, cher. We'll get there." 

Dean whimpers, and Benny scrapes his nails down along the bone, before rubbing small circles in the hollow between ass and thigh. He takes Dean's earlobe between his lips and nibbles gently, chuckling at the shudder that ripples along his spine and arches his back. His erection is so hard it's leaking again, and the mark is calmer. It's no longer making his skin itchy; the only reason his skin feels too tight now is because Benny's gotten him so wound-up and turned around. He wants to be held in those big arms, he wants the other man to hold him, to work him open and surround him in every way. His brain wars with itself and the mark, but fortunately it's a case of being in agreement for completely opposite reasons. Benny takes him in hand, then rains butterfly kisses on his neck, making him shiver. He gives a firm squeeze and then lets go. His hand roams up, over his hip again, then down to the dimple of his ass, then back up his spine to wrap around one shoulder and squeeze again, nails scratching his collarbone, before settling into the hollow at the back of his skull, rubbing slow circles.

 "Benny, please, God man— " the vampires teeth gleam in the low light as he grins up at Dean, blue eyes sparkling