out with, but everyone does, really. They're the popular kids. Zayn wonders why he never noticed that Niall was a part of that particular group of people. And when he thinks of it, he wouldn't have expected Niall to be that kind of guy, but impressions can fool you. Zayn doesn't even really know Niall at all. But then again, Niall seems to be friends with everyone. So there's that.

As usual, Zayn is invisible as he walks through the corridors, satchel thrown over his shoulder, black horn-rimmed glasses sitting on his nose and messy black hair falling into his eyes because he's too lazy to style it. He's invisible to everyone, really, not just the people everyone knows and who only talk to the coolest kids at school. But to Zayn's surprise, Niall does notice him.

Whenever they cross ways on the way to class, Niall would shout Zayn's name, followed by some kind of greeting and a loud laugh and a wave on Niall's part and a small smile and a quiet hello on Zayn's. In their shared English class Niall acknowledges Zayn too, sometimes walks by his desk before the lesson starts and asks him how he's doing. They don't talk a lot, but it's something. Maybe even enough to consider them friends. 

The thought of it brings a smile to Zayn's face and paints his cheeks a soft pink, makes his heart beat a little faster in his chest. He hates himself a little for it, because he promised himself he wouldn't let it happen again. Last time he fancied someone didn't end well, and he swore to himself he'd spare himself from the pain of linking someone who doesn't like him back, or worse, the pain of said person making fun of him and humiliating him in front of fifty per cent of the student body. No, Zayn was done with crushing on people, thank you very much. 

That's what he tells himself, anyway.

It's not really working out, though.
_

It's been two weeks since Zayn's talked to Niall for the first time, and he can't get him out of his head. He keeps catching himself drifting away during classes, his thoughts far too occupied by a cute boy with incredibly blue eyes, pink cheeks and a loud laugh to actually concentrate on the lesson. During the few classes he shares with Josh the other boy usually gives him weird looks whenever he zones out, but he doesn't mention it.

It's a Wednesday when he gets snapped out of his thoughts rather violently. Or maybe he was just too gone in his thoughts to notice someone approaching him and that's the reason why he jumps.

"What're ya daydreaming about?" the blond wants to know as he flops down on the chair next to Zayn. Zayn blushes because that's what he does when he doesn't know what to say, which apparently gives Niall the wrong idea as he starts grinning mischievously. "Ohh, hahaha. You don't have to tell me, I was just saying. How are you, mate?" Niall asks instead and that's something Zayn actually has an answer to, for once.

"I'm good, thanks. What're you up to?" he replies, starts packing his things together to busy his hands and keep himself from playing with his fingers which is one of his nervous habits.

"Uhh, nothing much. Friends and I are going down to the football pitch later, play a little. And I wanted to ask if you want to come with me – us I mean?"

Zayn is about to think of an excuse, not because he doesn't want to spend time with Niall, he does,  but he's absolutely shit at football or any kind of sport really, and he's not keen on making a complete fool of himself in front of Niall.

When Zayn hesitates, Niall adds. "Forget about making up some story about being busy with homework, I'm not buying that. You've got enough time for that later. Just come with me, please?" he almost sounds pleading at the end. Zayn meet his eyes, which yeah. Pretty much take his breath away a little and he couldn't even say no to that face if he wanted to.

"Yeah, okay," he agrees finally.

"Great! Then meet me in ten minutes in front of the dorms? I've gotta go, kick my friends out of their rooms and stuff. See you in a bit!" Niall gives Zayn's shoulder a light squeeze and then he's gone, leaving Zayn standing there, trying to grasp what just happened.
_

Zayn drops his books off in his room and spends several minutes pacing up and down the room, seriously contemplating not going. If he does, there's about a ninety-nine per cent chance that he's going to