breath came out in heaves, unable to even yell for the simulation to stop. The training robot approached once more, looming over Lance, poised to strike again-

“End simulation!”

The robot stopped then, leaving Lance laying on the ground, arm over his eyes, coughing and gasping for air. 

“What do you think you’re doing?”

Lance pulled his arm away to see Keith standing over him. The light above blurred in Lance’s eyes, but he could make out a faint scowl on Keith’s face. He wore his usual clothes, minus his jacket, as he was accustomed to sleeping in. His bayard was in hand, sword not yet formed, but Keith’s white-knuckled grip over it indicated that he was ready for a fight if need be.

“Couldn’t sleep, just...wanted some extra practice.”

Keith sighed and extended a hand to Lance, which he used to pull himself into a sitting position. “You look like you could’ve used the sleep. How long have you been here?”

Lance braced an arm to the ground, too tired to think clearly or hold himself up. “Not sure, only a few minutes...I usually last a few hours, think I set the level too high.”

“Usually?” Keith questioned. “What do you mean, usually? How often do you do this?”

“Most nights,” Lance hummed. “Sometimes I can fall back asleep after a shower or something, but it never lasts long.”

“What?”

Lance leaned to the side, coughing into the arm not being used to keep himself in a sitting position. His elbow buckled beneath him with the force, and he found himself once again on his back.

“Hey!” Keith shouted, crouching next to Lance. “What’s wrong?”

Lance opened his eyes to see Keith kneeling above him, bayard in hand…

“No!” Lance screamed, pushing himself backwards. He managed to catch Keith off guard and knock him away, so he quickly scrambled back to push his back against the wall, knees drawn to his chest. “Please, don’t hurt me! I’m sorry, I know I’m messing up, I’m trying my best, I’ll keep training, I can be worth something, please-”

“Hey,” Keith interrupted, voice going soft and concerned. He sat a few feet away from Lance, hands lifted in a placating gesture. “Lance, it’s okay. I’m not going to hurt you. I just want to make sure you’re okay.”

Lance’s eyes filled with tears. “I’m okay, I promise. I won’t jeopardize the team, really. I can take care of myself, I’ll work it out, I promise. Please don’t be mad.”

Keith sighed. “I know you’re doing your best, Lance, but I think maybe I should help you. I’m not going to do anything to you, and no one is mad at you. Can I just come closer? I won’t touch you.”

Lance hesitated, tears spilling over his cheeks, before giving the slightest nod. Keith smiled softly before approaching slowly, as if trying to approach a frightened animal. “Okay, good. See? I’m not trying to hurt you. Can I, uh...can I touch you now?”

Lance’s eyes widened and flickered down to the bayard in Keith’s hand. Keith’s eyes followed his and saw where he was staring, so he slid the bayard across the room.

Lance just swallowed and closed his eyes, so Keith took the opportunity to gently lift his hand to the side of Lance’s forehead. He grimaced. “Okay, that’s not good.”

Lance choked out a sob before dropping his head to rest on his knees. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry…”

“No, it’s okay!” Keith rushed to apologize, before taking a deep breath. “I didn’t mean it like that. I’m just worried because you seem pretty sick. How long have you felt this bad?”

“Dunno,” Lance slurred. “Haven’t slept much, so it just kept getting worse…”

“Lance, when is the last time you slept?”

“Few minutes ago.”

Keith sighed. “More than a couple of hours.”

Lance didn’t respond, which was all the answer Keith needed. “Okay, come on, let’s go to your room.”

Before Lance could protest any further, Keith pulled him up and wrapped one of Lance’s arms around him, bracing his own arm on Lance’s back. While Lance did the best he could to walk, Keith still carried most of his weight.

When they made it back to his room, Keith helped Lance onto his bed before turning to go get food goo and water. If Lance had gone so long without sleeping and was training so often, he was probably dehydrated and starved of energy