had the scratches across the alabaster skin of her back to prove it.

Tracer loved the sex, and the days together, and the mushy romance. She loved feeling Emily’s moans against her neck, the sensation of her thighs clinging to her waist, and naturally, Emily’s perfume above all else. The scent of her made Tracer feel positively dizzy with delight.

-

Christmases soon came and went, for the two of them, but no time was taken for granted. Tracer cherished every moment she got with Emily; not just from loving her, but from the sheer fact that the thought she could have missed out on all of this. On all of her.

If she hadn’t found her way back that day, what then?

Would Emily have met someone else? Would Tracer have lost her chance with such an amazing woman? Or were they always meant to be?

Tracer knew that she wanted to make Emily more than just her girlfriend. Time waited for no one, and she knew that best of all.


Alright, I’m gonna ask her -


“What’re you thinking about, angel?”

“Ah!”

The sound of Emily’s dulcet tones reached Tracer’s ears, almost echoing off the silent streets of Christmas; and Emily chuckles at Tracer’s surprise.

“You’re cute.”

“Oi!” Tracer pouted with a flustered smile. “Oh, nothing…it’s nothing, love.”

The snow was falling soft. Each snowflake glided down gently, patting down into the already snow-laden streets of King’s Row. The streetlights shone against the cobblestones, and the stars above were just poking out, showcasing a brilliant, white moon, only to be obscured by the grey of the wispy clouds.

Tracer and Emily’s footsteps crunched against the pavements and through the snow, feeling their noses warmed from their breath bouncing back off their scarves; Emily was particularly happy with her scarf; as their hands clamped together with warmth. Tracer felt their fingers intertwined with one another, and she always smiled, feeling Emily’s hand against her own. She was always so warm.

Tracer squeezed lightly between her fingers, and Emily smiled; squeezing warmly, and gently, right back.

“Tell me…what’s on your mind, love? Did you enjoy spending Christmas with Winston?”

She was a little taller than Tracer, and even though it wasn’t by much, bloody hell, Tracer thought, she was a real heartthrob. Tracer often found herself getting lost in her features, especially in the after moments of intense intimacy; where she would lay against Emily’s skin and dot up her freckles against her shoulder with her fingertips.

Tracer laughed to herself at what she was now thinking about, and ran a hand through her spiky hair.

“I’m thinkin’ about you in bed.” Tracer replied, with a cocked head, raised eyebrows full of a swagger of smugness, and a coy laugh; goading Emily into laughing along with her.

“Aren’t you always!” she replies, with an amused tone. “But I know you better than to just be thinking of…well, you know. That.”

“…I suppose you do, don’t you?” Tracer laughed, a little sheepishly, as Emily smiled.

“I do.”

The multicolour glistening of Christmas lights, the sound of festive singing from the street’s corners, and all the jolly chatter from the pubs along King’s Row; it was indescribably comforting. It was so warm to be amidst, despite the somewhat sub-zero temperatures, and looking up at Emily with a smile and a glint in her eye, she realized something she had known all along; this was home, Tracer thought. This was what home felt like.

Despite that her cheeks were bitter with the cold, she felt a warmness wash over her, cuddling up to the wine red of Emily’s jacket as they walked.

“I was just thinking about…about how lucky I am to have you. You know…after everything and all that.”

Emily and Tracer began to walk a little slower through King’s Rows streets, as Emily felt the lump of emotion in her throat turn into a boulder, completely fit to burst with affectionate words and kisses and adoration for Tracer, but opted to bite her tongue for the time being.

She squeezed Tracer’s hand once more, nestling herself into the scarf she’d gotten from her; and concealed her grin in favour of letting herself talk.

“I’m so lucky to have you too, you know.” Emily replied, slightly muffled, and Tracer looked at her with an affectionate smile. “I still can’t believe that such a handsome woman like you wants to be mine.”

“How could I ever want to be anyone elses, Emily? You’re bloody gorgeous from head to toe! I knew I was in love the moment I saw you!”

Emily looked away from Tracer, a little bashful, and shook her head.

“You’re so dashing, aren’t you