caused Zayn to collapse in a fit of giggles.

"You never admit that your the feminine one!" Zayn said between chuckles, he thought Louis was the girl but he would never say that to him.

"Get you're head out of your ass Malik, you know I am" Louis said in fake seriousness, a smirk fighting its way to the surface. 

"No comment babe, I'm not stupid enough to fall in that trap" Zayn replied, he was finding this conversation with his boyfriend very amusing. 

"I love you" Louis spoke completely seriously. Zayn was shocked with the sudden expression of affection.

"I love you too Lou, but that was random?" Zayn was unsure of te change in Louis' demeanour.

"I just really do, I just couldn't imagine my life without you, you know that right, I love you more than anything" Louis spoke with a tear in his eye, He needed Zayn to know what he meant to him. 

Zayn took Louis' hand in his, a tear running down his cheek. "I know Lou, I love you too, more than you could ever imagine" Zayn replied, he loved this side of Louis as he very rarely saw it. Louis always told him he loved him but he very rarely cried or was serious. 

"Ah okay mushy moment over" Louis chuckled, wiping the tears from his eyes. Zayn chuckled at the older boy, he knew how to ruin a moment. 

"Okay babe" Zayn smiled at his boyfriend, leaning over to pick up the very quiet Annabelle and standing up. 

"Let's get you fed" Zayn said while he tickled the 3 year old's stomach, making her giggle. Zayn took her into the kitchen and sat her down in her highchair, he took out the baby food and sat in front of her. 

"Hungry Annie?" Zayn asked, opening The jar and getting a spoonful. Annabelle just nodded in reply and reached for the spoon. 

"Oh you can feed yourself?" Zayn asked seriously, passing her the spoon.

"She's three Zayn not one" Louis chuckled, joining them in the kitchen. 

"And I'm the expert" Zayn replied sarcastically, looking up towards his boyfriend with a huge smile.

"You're sexy though" Louis purred seductively, he ran his hand up and down Zayn's back.

"Louis! Not in front of Annie!" Zayn  exclaimed, his eyes wide at the older boy.

"She's three" Louis repeated "she doesn't even no what I'm doing" Louis loved the shocked look on Zayn's face, he Quickly gave a peck on the shocked lips.

"All gone" Annabelle spoke proudly, putting her spoon and jar of food in the air. 

"Is that so dear, well how would you like a bath and then a book?" Louis asked softly, it was getting late and Annabelle needed to be in bed soon. Annabelle nodded in approval and Louis got her out of her chair and made his way upstairs to the bathroom leaving Zayn alone in the kitchen. 

Zayn went and sat in the couch, putting the tv on and searching for a decent show, he knew Louis had this handled and he'd only get in the way.

After about 25 minutes Zayn took to the stairs to see what was going on, he walked into he bathroom to see a wet mess across the floor but no Louis or Annabelle. He went into Annabelle's room, it lit by a small lamp that had a fairy pattern on it. Louis was laying on Annabelle's bed, Annabelle was sitting in his Lap. Louis was reading her a book but it looked like she had already fallen asleep. 

"I think she's asleep" Zayn whispered, he didn't want to wake her if she had just closed her eyes. 

"Yeah she has been for some time" Louis replied knowingly, something was different about him. 

"Are you okay?" Zayn was worried about his boyfriend, he didn't seem sad just a little off, maybe he was just thinking. 

"Nah I'm fine, I'm just thinking about how perfect my life is" Louis answered honestly, he was truly blessed in life. Zayn hummed in reply, not to sure what to say.

"It's because of you, you're perfect and that makes my life perfect" Louis looked right into Zayn's eyes with love and adoration.

"I love you Lou" that was the only thing Zayn felt he could say, he had already had his cry for today and two was not good.

"I love you too Zayn, what would I do without you?" Louis spoke, he was seriously pondering that question, his life would be utterly awful without his Zayn. 

Zayn reached over Annie to place a kiss on his boyfriends lips.

"I know that I should be doing this properly, with fireworks and at beautiful restaurant but I couldn't think of a more perfect moment. I could of picked any other day