nodded, deciding it was time to move on to the best part of the night.

 His fingers slowly trailed up and down Kenma’s thigh, causing him to shiver, before trailing up to the edges of his boxers. Keeping eye contact with him the entire time, Keiji slowly dug the tips of his fingers under the elastic. Kenma’s eyes never left his, while his breathing picked up again in only anticipation of what was about to happen between them. Slowly, Keiji slid down the clingy material down slender legs. He broke their eye contact for only a second, in which he ducked his head to again kiss down Kenma’s neck.

 When he reached the collar of his shirt, he quickly slid lower to softly kiss Kenma’s flat stomach. He felt the muscles twitch under his lips and he again looked up to find Kenma studying his every movement. That only made him put on a bigger show.

 Holding Kenma’s gaze, Keiji slowly kissed lower, hands gently caressing his quivering thighs. Once he reached his leaking arousal he stopped, slowly licking his lips and enjoying the way Kenma’s face got a shade darker. Cat like eyes widened and he whined, hiding his flushed face in the crock of his elbow, shutting his eyes tightly closed.

 That was also something Keiji secretly enjoyed.

 “You don’t have to…” Kenma whined, breaking into a harsh gasp, as Keiji licked him from the base to the tip. As if the air had been punched out of his lungs.

 Keiji licked his lips again.

 “Look at me Kenma.” He ordered, voice smooth and eyes locked on Kenma’s face.

 He saw Kenma gulp, licking his own lips. The muscles of his stomach spasmed as he panted. The blonde shook his head, denying the order, but Keiji only waited patiently for him to change his mind, fingers absently running over his side.

 “Kenma.” He pressed, voice low and steady. Teasing.

 Kenma’s breath hitched. He gulped down again, biting his lip, before slowly opening his eyes, glistering with wetness. Keiji watched him intensely, eyes dark with lust, as he slowly, even more teasingly, licked around the red head of Kenma’s cock.

 Kenma moaned then, teeth digging into his lip, not daring to look away from Keiji’s eyes. His fingers dug into the bed sheets, as Keiji slowly took the tip into his mouth and gently sucked. Kenma’s fingers twisted the sheets and he tried hard not to close his eyes and disobey Keiji. His breathing picked up and he again moaned shamelessly, bucking his hips.

 While Tetsurou liked to tease, Keiji was direct and slow. He took his time, bobbing his head slowly up and down, licking from the base of Kenma’s need to tease the tip with slow, gentle flicks of his tongue. Everything he did was maddeningly pleasurable. It made Kenma writhe and moan, completely unraveling under his intense gaze.

 Kenma arched his back off the bed, head digging back into the pillow and hands twisting the sheets. His hips shot up as Keiji took him down his throat, but quickly stopped once Kenma looked – and definitely felt - painfully close. That made Kenma groan desperately, bucking his hips and practically begging for some kind of touch. This time however, Keiji didn’t indulge him.

 With predatory slowness he crawled back up over Kenma. Not minding the little glare he was met with, Keiji again leaned down for a slow kiss, which Kenma quickly returned, tasting the bitterness over Keiji’s lips and tongue before he breaks the kiss and reaches towards the nightstand for lube and a condom.

 He looked back at Kenma for affirmation.

 “Are you still sure you want to continue?” he asked and Kenma was quick to nod.

 “I want you…” he breathily said, “I want you so bad, Keiji…I love you…”

 This time Keiji smiled, leaning down to peck Kenma’s lips. Kenma’s arms wrapped around his shoulders, pulling him closer as he leaned up and kissed him, pouring all the feelings he had for Keiji into the single kiss. His knees dug into Keiji’s sides, keeping him in place.

 “I love you.” He whispered again once they broke apart and even thought Keiji couldn’t answer with the same, he felt so many new feelings blossoming in his chest, so much stronger than attraction, it wouldn’t be a complete lie if he said it.

 “If something hurts, tell me.” He said instead of answering to the short confession, gently lifting Kenma’s hips and taking the half empty bottle of lube.

 Kenma shyly nodded and hid his burning face in the crock of Keiji’s neck. His clothed chest again brushed against Keiji’s bare one as he breathed and Keiji couldn’t help but kiss his neck lovingly, squeezing a liberal amount of lube over his fingers.

 He had seen Tetsurou do this so many times. He knew so good what Kenma liked and what not. Yet this would be the first time he was doing it