can hear her giggling, throwing out friendly insults of “get up you lazy arse”. She makes him smile. They spend his days off in bed watching romantic comedies and Zayn only thinks about other people he could be with twice.

 

-------------------

 

    Perrie visits him on the last two shows of the Take Me Home Tour. Zayn is having fun in New Zealand, he parties with Harry and Liam, he sees the sights with Louis and Niall.

 

    (He only sleeps with someone once, a pretty girl with smooth tan skin, shiny brown eyes, and a smell that doesn’t remind him of a future he isn’t sure he can ever do.)

 

She hugs the boys before him and Zayn remembers he hasn’t been texting her back. She’s mad this time because he’s supposed to be proving to her that he wants this.

Zayn’s sure he does, most days. Zayn likes Perrie, thinks she’s got a great personality that could rival Louis’ in the sass category, thinks she wears multicolored hair wonderfully, and sings well. Zayn loves her when she’s asleep next to him, when she looks at him with sad eyes and shares stories about her life. He doesn’t love her when he’s away.

She finally makes her way across the hotel room, sets her bags down on the floor besides Liam, and looks at him. She looks small before him. Zayn pretends not to see the pain her eyes, the look she gives him when she’s afraid of being abandoned. (He’s used to it and that makes him hate himself more.)

“I missed you” he whispers, knowing full well it’s a lie. She hugs him, shaking with nerves. She smells like home and it makes Zayn sick.

 

-----------------

 

    Things don’t slow down once the tour ends. The boys have a break but they’re recording, promoting (in Zayn’s case, ignoring) and are kept busy with appearances.    

    She’s moved in, all over his space, and Zayn feels like he’s drowning. (Some nights he sneaks away while she’s asleep, talk to people he knows he shouldn’t, but it calms him down enough to wake up beside her and keep lying.)

 

    “You don’t care, do you?” Perrie’s voice comes as a surprise to him. He’s in his graffiti room, lost in the fumes, and maybe he should be angry. Angry at himself but it manifests as anger at Perrie for interrupting his calm.

    “What are you talking about?” he snaps. He puts down the can and crosses his arms. He’s getting impatient, getting anxious.

 

    (They stopped sleeping together a few days ago. Zayn is never in the mood to cuddle Perrie after, Perrie unwilling to cry herself to sleep. He thinks she’s going to call him a cheater again and he doesn’t want to deal with that.)

 

    She steps into the room and Zayn almost tells her she’s not allowed in but they're engaged and doesn’t that mean she’s allowed in everywhere?

 

    “The wedding?” she shuffles around him, makes sure not to come too close. “You never try to plan it or listen to my ideas.”

 

    He starts to say something, tries to formulate a way to deny her claims, but he can’t. it’s not that he’s lost interest, he hasn’t. It’s that this relationship has taken over everything, is plaguing his every thought since he proposed, and he doesn’t want to admit he never imagined this would lead to a wedding.

    Perrie approaches him with bridal magazines almost daily, asks if he wants a live band or a DJ. It’s traditional but not his traditions and maybe he should tell her that instead of being upset but he’s not ready. He doesn’t think he can yet.

    She’s still talking, chastising him, and he’s suffocating. He excuses himself, runs out of the door of the house with no plan in mind.

    He pulls out his phone and calls the first person he recognizes.

 

---------------

 

    He sees Harry that day. He tries to keep the conversation about their upcoming stadium tour, ignores mentions of Perrie. They both miss being on the road, miss the crowds roaring and screaming their names. Zayn admits to missing his family already.

    He knows he shouldn’t because he sees them more now that he’s on a break, but Perrie’s tainted that. They love her, are happy for them, but he’s sure he doesn’t love her now. He’s not sure how to leave.

    They stay in the coffee shop until Harry claims to be sleepy and leaves. Zayn’s left alone with his thoughts. His mind’s screaming at him to leave, to make peace with Perrie and go their separate ways. But he’s never been good at things like this so he calls up the pretty girl he remembers used