an electric shock through the air.

The captain turned around and cut the third in half with a quick slice. Alfred sucked in a breath, admiring Arthur's liquid movements in his stockings and tight corset. He'd never known that sword work could be so hot. Distracted as he was, it took him a moment to notice the captain stalking towards him, looking furious and ravishing. Captain Kirkland panted for breath against the restrictions of his corset, but that didn't stop him from glaring at Alfred and pointing toward the bullet mark in his ornate cabinet.

"That... is... mahogany!" the captain complained between pants.

Alfred glanced at the cabinet before returning his gaze to the much more attractive sight right in front of him. He'd never really liked lacy, frilly lingerie on women, but on a lean, handsome man it was a completely different matter. Finding it hard to think clearly as the captain waited for his answer, he blurted out the first thing that came to mind. "Corset."

"What did you say?"

Alfred grinned and tried to think fast. "Uh... of course it is."

The captain snorted. "Given the circumstances, I might be willing to overlook the way you busted into my cabin, but no one harms my furniture without punishment."

"What... sort of punishment?" Alfred asked as he felt a pleasant shiver go down his spine. He wondered if he could request spanking hand-delivered by the captain. But before he could say another word, he heard the sound of footsteps racing toward them. The captain's head snapped to the side and his eyes widened as he took in the broken door. Thinking quickly, he pulled Alfred into a walk-in closet and locked the door before any other members of the crew could see their captain half-naked in women's lingerie.

"Don't breathe a word," Arthur hissed, pressing his finger against Alfred's lips.

They heard the sound of boots stomping into the captain's quarters. "Are you in here, cap'n?" a sailor called. "We've fought 'em off."

"So has he, by the looks of it," another added.

The third whistled. "Blasted bats. I didn't know they could knock down doors!"

"Are you in here cap'n?" the first one asked.

Arthur stood next to the door and raised his voice. "Don't worry, lads. I'm just cleaning the blood off my sword. You'd best head back to the deck to watch for any more attacks. I'll be up in a minute or two."

As the captain gave orders to his crew from behind the door, Alfred took a chance to explore the fascinating closet. It was big and well-lit and resembled an eight-year-old girl's dream of every fancy dress imaginable, as well as a collection of skimpy lingerie that no eight-year-old could possibly imagine. There was even a standing mirror at the far end to let the captain admire himself once he had selected an outfit. Alfred finally understood the purpose of the captain's little afternoon quiet time and wished he had been in on the secret much earlier. Smiling to himself, Alfred brushed his fingers along the sleeves of an elegant green dress and tried to imagine what it would look like on his gorgeous captain. He lifted it off the rack and turned around to find the captain giving him a befuddled look. "Ooh, you should wear this one," Alfred suggested. "It matches your eyes."

"I'm your captain, not a dress-up doll!" The angry man strode forward on his high heels and grabbed the dress out of Alfred's hands. He leaned in close, furrowing his eyebrows. "You'd do well to learn your place."

With a scantily clad man practically pressing him against the rack of dresses, there was only one place for Alfred's mind to go, and it was straight to the gutter. "You mean... a position under you?" he suggested with a wink.

The captain arched an eyebrow. "This is what I'm talking about," he tsked. "I'm supposed to be seducing the cabin boy, not the other way around."

Alfred's eyes widened. "Wait... you've been trying to seduce me?"

"What did you think I was talking about when I kept saying that I wanted you to swab my decks?"

"I just thought you liked to keep the ship really clean."

"I even said that I knew where I'd like to put my wooden plank!"

"Oh. Now I get it."

Arthur smirked. "It's a pity I didn't realize how much you would like the dresses. I could have saved a lot of time."

A moment later, Alfred found himself pushed against the wall and demanding lips devoured his mouth. He heard a rustle of fabric as the green dress slipped from Arthur's hands and fell to the floor. His ravishing captain