an unfinished one.  There is no telling how long he might be like this.  However long it is, she cannot let him continue to pace like this and make himself more nervous.  “Rumpelstiltskin, why don’t you come sit with me.  Please?”  He turns to her, examines her carefully, but instead of joining her, he looks around through the piles of straw and wool and gold, as if he might find something in them that might protect them further.

Carefully, making sure she has a solid footing, she stands, and moves close to him.  She puts her hands on his shoulders, trying to halt his nervous fluttering.  “Rum, please, look at me.”  The touch slows him a little, but she doesn’t have his attention.  She moves her hands to the side of his face, stroking his hair and letting them slide down, until her hands are resting over the surprisingly warm skin of his jaw and neck.  Suddenly he stops, his wide eyes boring into hers, and he grabs her arms, holding her in place.  His breathing is shallow and rapid, somehow different than before.  Testing a thought, she rubs her thumbs over his jawline, and he whimpers at the touch, pulling her closer.

He likes the touch, she realizes, likes the feel of skin on skin.  When was the last time he felt such a thing?  When was the last time anyone held him, hugged him, touched him affectionately?  It’s a terrible thought, knowing that he must have gone without human contact for decades, centuries even.   In any case, the touch has captured his attention, and he isn’t pacing the room nervously anymore.  She rubs her hands up and down over his neck, letting her fingers play with the fine hair at the back of his skull.  He lets out a faint whimper, and she smiles.  “There, that’s it.  That’s good, isn’t it?  You’re all right.”

One hand trails down until her palm is resting over his chest where it is exposed by his shirt.  A small part of her thinks just how warm his skin is, how pleasant it feels to the touch.  She always imagined his skin would feel rough and scaly, but now she finds it to be smooth and slightly textured.  It reminds her a bit of a river rock that has been left out in the sun.

His entire focus has shifted to her, his eyes boring into hers, as she rubs his neck and chest in little circles, murmuring soothing nonsense.  He moves them closer – stepping forward and pulling her in – until their bodies are pressed flush against one another.  Belle’s heart races as he curls into her, hands still gripping her arms, until he buries his face in the crook of her neck.  She gasps in surprise, but just shifts so that she can hold him better, arms wrapped around his shoulders and fingers slipping under the neck of his shirt to rub his back.

She tries to wrap her head around everything.  This, this terrified, desperate man, is the true Rumpelstiltskin, the man hiding beneath layers upon layers of magic and arrogance and intimidation, and the realization is shocking.  He’s afraid of everything.  This is his most primal state.  She never would have guessed that the Dark one, the most feared being in all the lands, would be so afraid, but now that she sees him like this, it seems so painfully obvious that all his posturing and twittering is just a façade, meant to cover up the fact that he’s terrified of the world.  He makes sure that everyone else is afraid of him first, so they won’t guess that he’s vastly more afraid of them.

And yet, he’s clinging to her like a frightened child.  He has long since given up his posturing around her.  He doesn’t seem to be afraid of her.  She doesn’t have a chance to ponder what that might mean before lips close over her neck, and a hot tongue rasps over her pulse point.  She gasps at the sensation and freezes, her hands going still on his back.  He wraps himself around, his arms circling her waist and back, as he nibbles more fervently at her neck.  Within moments she all but melts in his arms, his lips and tong and teeth somehow finding a wonderful little spot on her throat, sending a rush of heat through her body and driving away most coherent thought.  She moans, involuntarily tilting her head to give him better access to her neck.  “Rum, what…?”

He whimpers softly and scrapes his teeth against her skin.  It should feel strange and even frightening, but instead the sensation just sends another wave of heat and pleasure down her spine and straight between her legs.  Before she realizes it, she is being shuffled toward the corner, and pushed down into a large pile of soft, warm wool.  Rumpelstiltskin lands on top of her, his lips never leaving her neck, his arms still tight around her.  She feels something hard and warm pressing against her thigh