?” Kyungsoo asked his seatmate Xiumin.

Xiumin nodded happily. “Yes. That’s actually the reason why we transferred here on our final year in high school. Lay, Luhan, and I passed the preliminary exams in three universities here in Korea. But we still have to take the major college entrance test to qualify.”

Chanyeol suddenly lifted himself up from his seat. “Really?!” he asked loudly. All of his classmates including the homeroom teacher looked at him.

“What is it Mr. Park? Are you having a hard time choosing your university? Please refrain from talking so you could think properly,” said their teacher.

“Yes, ma’am.” Chanyeol sunk back to his seat as he pondered over his form.

“What are you planning to get anyway?” Kyungsoo continued asking Xiumin.

“Hm. I am actually aiming for Psychology because both my parents were into that field,” Xiumin replied.

“How about you Lay? Do you already have a choice?” Seyoon asked Lay. He gave a nod and had his dimpled smile.

“I am planning to take Dance as my major course. But I am also planning to take Fine Arts as my minor course,” he replied.

“Wow! So you’re planning to take two. That’s great,” said Kyungsoo.

Chanyeol just dipped his head on his desk. ‘What? Two courses? Hmpf.’ He stretched his neck and took a peak on Sehun’s sheet.

“What?” Sehun asked him.

“I’m just looking if you already have plans,” Chanyeol mumbled.

“I’m taking Business because my parents want me to. But I will also take Dance as my minor course. They already approved my choices.”

“That’s good for you Sehun. At least, you already have your choice.”

“Of course! Sehun always gets what he wants. Ah! I really don’t know what to do,” Chanyeol whined.

“How about you Seyoon?” Sehun asked her.

“Me…oh…ahh…The truth is…” All eyes were on her, Seyoon noticed.

“Haven’t you decided yet? Or…” Kyungsoo stopped midway.

“Are you planning to study in America like Suho-sunbaenim?!” Chanyeol asked anxiously.

“Ah…It’s not that I’m planning to but I am not closing my doors to the possibilities,” Seyoon lowered her head. “But the truth really is that I still don’t know what course to get,” she added.

“Oh. I really thought you are planning to go to America,” said Chanyeol. “Don’t worry Seyoon. Let’s think things over first. I know we will eventually realize what we really wanted,” he added with a grin. Seyoon nodded with a smile.

“But whatever Seyoon’s decision is, we will always be here to support you,” said Sehun.

“Thank you. Don’t worry. I will make a decision that I think will be best for my future.”

---

It was lunchtime when Chanyeol and Seyoon excused themselves from the rest of the group.

“Where’s Seyoon?” Luhan asked as soon as he spotted no signs of Seyoon in their lunch table.

“She said that she’ll have things to talk about with Chanyeol. I think it has something to do with their college applications,” said Kyungsoo.

“Oh, so Seyoon still doesn’t have any choice?” Luhan asked.

“Yes. They’ve been thinking hard about it,” Kyungsoo replied.

“That’s odd. I thought she’s the type to have plans readied for the future.”

“Well, that’s a different case for her especially when the arranged…” Baekhyun stopped when he realized that Xiumin and Lay still didn’t have any idea of Seyoon and Kai’s arranged marriage. “I mean when her parents already anticipated that she’ll take over their business in the future.”

Sehun and Kyungsoo nodded and they also knew another person who was also going through the same problem as Seyoon – Kai.

“How about Kai? Did you ask him about his plans?” Kyungsoo asked Baekhyun who was in the same homeroom class as Kai.

“He still doesn’t have any laid out plans yet,” Baekhyun replied.

“How about you? What are you planning to do?” Kyungsoo asked him.

“Me? I’ll take Veterinary Science as my major. Chanyeol hopes that I’ll take Music as my major since it is both our passion but I imagine myself being a veterinary someday like Changmin-hyung, my brother.”

“Maybe that’s the reason why he is also having a hard time to choose his course,” said Sehun.

“Maybe I should convince Seyoon to take the same course as I do,” said Luhan.

“Why? What are you planning to take?” Baekhyun asked him.

“Don’t mind him. He’s taking Mathematics as his major. He’s a math prodigy ever since he was a kid,” said Xiumin.

“Luhan? A math prodigy?” Baekhyun tried to control his laughter