jacket did. Why did the world hate him?


“The jacket. You h-have to want someth-thing.” He wanted to take it and run.


The monster’s flames seemed to become darker for a moment, the tips turning red as his hand shook almost imperceptibly. Sans watched as the jacket crinkled slightly from the monster’s hand tightening around it. His anger was inevitable, but Sans wasn't sure what he did to have angered this monster at the moment. He did steal from his trash, but it seemed as if he had been forgiven for the time being, something that was a miracle in and of itself. Maybe he had talked too much? Maybe he had been expected to take the jacket and go with the monster without asking questions about the consequences? He didn't know. This monster was new and odd, and he seemed to want different things than what Sans had been told to give and do.


“I...I only ask that you let me help you.”


Sans looked the monster in the eyes, or what he assumed were his eyes. “You’re lying. You want more. Everyone does.”


He looked taken aback for a second before shaking his head. “No, I want nothing else. Please, take the jacket. You must be cold.”


Sans shook his head, feeling dizzy afterward. “I’m not taking the jacket until you tell me what you want!”


The monster’s flames flickered, slowly turning white. “You’re swaying. Please. Let me help you. You...you will not survive in this weather.”


Sans growled, baring his fangs at the monster. “No. I can take care of myself, so just go away!”


Almost as soon as the words left his mouth, Sans fell to his knees as his legs gave out. He dropped the sign he had forgotten he had been holding and caught himself, his hands getting buried in the snow. He gasped as pain dug itself into every single one of his joints, every last bone in his body. A whimper escaped before he could stop it as the world spun around him.


The monster drew closer. Sans pushed himself backwards, falling back on his pelvis as he tried to get as far away from the monster as he could. He stopped soon, the pain painting the edges of his visions black as he panted. The monster stopped in front of him, crouching down.


“You are hurting yourself.” The monster draped the jacket around him, picking him up easily yet carefully and holding him under his femurs with an arm around his back. He didn’t have the energy to try and escape, but the warmth the monster provided made him not want to.


“I’m gonna get fired.” It wasn’t even a protest at this point, just a bland statement of fact. How many jobs was he going to get fired from simply because this stranger decided he wanted a new toy? How would he get food for Papyrus?


Wait, Papyrus. He was still in the alley, wasn’t he? He wouldn’t know Sans was taken, but he would be able to tell after a few days, right? Sans hoped he would be smart and go stay with Undyne and Alphys instead of going looking for him. He would be in good hands, he knew.


“That is not a problem at the moment. Your bones are too cold, even for a skeleton monster. You need to be warmed up as soon as possible.” The monster began walking towards a car that was parked on the side of the road as Sans felt more heat filter through his tattered clothes and the jacket the monster had put on him.


“It is a problem at the moment. People will suspect things, you know. I’m not a monster you just wanna take off the streets. I’m known around here.” Sans looked off to the side.


“You are a child. You should not be worrying about working, you should be worrying about school and toys.” The monster opened the backseat door, grunting slightly as he sat Sans down carefully. He adjusted the jacket on Sans so he was covered more and buckled him in.


“I’m not a kid.” Sans crossed his arms, noting how some of the ice had melted and made the movement more fluid. He tried not to think about how that was the monster’s doing or about how he probably wouldn’t have been able to move by the time his shift was over.


The monster let out a sigh. “What’s your name?”


“I’m not gonna tell you, you...you k-kidnapper!”


Other than a small flicker of flames, the monster didn’t react. He got into the front seat, turning on the car and blasting the heater. “My name is Grillby. I run the bar that you were in the alley of.” There was a tense moment of silence as Grillby started to drive down the road. “Do you have any family that I could contact?”


Sans