chaos that the forest had become. The ground underneath him suddenly chilled, and he renewed his resolve to start running once again, but his left hind leg wasn’t cooperating. As he stood on shaky legs, hurting from his fall and from being trampled, he looked to his left to see another fallen. The deer was badly wounded, most likely having taken the brunt of the rampaging herd, protecting Derek from the worst of the onslaught.

He was barely standing, but getting stronger with each second his healing was allowed to work. A couple of clouds must have drifted over the moon, because all of the natural light disappeared, casting the both of them into darkness. Derek had an advantage compared to the deer, who most likely would have more trouble seeing in the dark. Derek supposed, that was why he survived while the deer didn’t.

A dark shadow reached out from among the trees, and wrapped around the hind leg of the deer. The deer started struggling all too late, and it was pulled backwards into the dense bushes, by a seemingly formless creature. Derek had no idea what the creature was, but judging by the sounds the deer made as it died, and the excessive amounts of blood Derek could smell, he didn’t want to know.

He was limping away from where the deer made its final sound of agony, careful not to put too much weight on his still healing leg, when something roughly grabbed his ankle making him tumble to the ground. Pure instinct made him kick his leg out, and by some miracle he managed to lessen the hold of whatever had gotten ahold of him. A stinging pain emanating from his left thigh gave him one last burst of adrenaline, and he managed to put all of his remaining strength into getting to his feet. His broken leg was mostly healed, having taken a bit longer than normal due to the sheer amount of damage. The new wound however, the one that resembled tree long claws dragging down his left thigh, wasn’t closing up at all. It kept bleeding, and Derek knew that with the amount of blood running down his leg and soaking his fur, he would soon start to feel lightheaded.

The creature that had attacked him seemed in no particular hurry to throw him to the ground once more. He was an extremely vulnerable target, and couldn’t understand why the creature hadn’t pounced already. It took him a moment to realize that the creature already thought of him as dead. Its venom was pulsing within his bloodstream, weakening him. It most likely though that he would soon die, and it could simply follow him later and get an easy meal.

He started making his way back towards the castle, hoping that he would make it before the creature decided that it was done waiting. Maybe he could reach Laura and Cora, or even make it inside before he collapsed from the blood loss. He thought about howling to let Laura and Cora know his position, but he didn’t want them anywhere near that creature. None of them had brought their wands with them, as there wasn’t anywhere to put them.

When he reached a stream, he realized that he was well and truly lost. They hadn’t come across a stream on their way out, and so he had no idea where he was. Even though he had no idea if the creature truly had a good sense of smell, he decided to swim across the stream in the hopes of derailing the creature.

The water was freezing, and Derek was almost regretting his decision the moment the water came into contact with his skin. Hopefully, the water would help to wash out the poison.

Lightheaded as he was, it seemed like the decline came out of nowhere. He tumbled down it, for what seemed like minutes, trying to protect the wound on his leg.  When he finally stopped moving, he just laid there breathing heavily.

The blood seemed to be flowing more sluggishly than before, but Derek wasn’t sure whether that was a good or a bad thing. He closed his eyes for what seemed like mere seconds, but found himself being poked awake an undefinable amount of time later. He turned his head slightly, cheek dragging over the moist leaves that littered the forest floor. As soon as his eyes focused on whatever had woken him up, he recoiled slightly from the shock.

A young fairy stood inches away from him, almost touching his nose, while regarding him with big, curious eyes.

“Pretty” The fairy murmured, while pulling at its own hair to make sure that it was in place.

That comment was what finally made him realize that he had shifted back to his human form. He must have done it while he was unconscious. When the fairy reached for his face, he couldn’t help but jerk back, but immediately wished that he hadn’t. The fairy looked like it was going to cry, and Derek realized how young this fairy truly was.

“Don’t cry” he rasped, voice sore from howling earlier in the evening. It felt like eons ago since he had