is more of a resigned sigh, as if he should have known all along that's what happened.

"I didn't think they were with you, it's unlike your style."

Kise cheeks flush red and his golden eyes begin to sparkle, as if Kuroko had praised him rather than just made a casual observation. This pisses Kagami off for reasons he can't begin to explain to himself.

The three men simultaneously look down at the scattered assailants.

"But if you didn't bring them, then....surely... they weren't just sent by some normal group looking to cash in the bounty..."

Um? What else would they be?

 


[Saturday. 20:15. Bad News]


 

"Are you fucking kidding me?"

Riko is distraught.

"Are you seriously telling me this is supposed to Momoi Satsuki?!!???"

Mitobe has already confirmed that yes, the picture in Aida Riko's hands is indeed a recent Polaroid snapshot of said informant (which was by no means easy to obtain, but Mitobe wasn't sent on this mission for nothing). Confirmed by at least two of her regulars. All he can do now is wait for Riko's, uhh, passionate reaction to subside.

"She's way too fucking hot..." Riko mutters through gritted teeth, clenching the photograph with trembling hands.

"Isn't this unreasonable? Shouldn't someone with her job be more, I don't know, lowkey? Like, the size of those...and her face...UGH."

".................?"

"What is she so upset about? Well...I think I can guess," Koganei whispers back to Mitobe. He'd use hand gestures to elaborate, but he's still in pain from recent events and doesn't need the holy wrath of Riko to rain down on him on the off chance she notices, in the midst of her (blood?)thirst-fueled rage.

"Oh jeez, she threw it against the wall. Must be tough, realizing your enemy is so attractive, huh?"

"......................"

"Well, she seems to think we were attacked by this Momoi's people, but she still hasn't been able to confirm it, so the revelation of Momoi Satsuki's appearance has been a....blow. God knows how long this display will last haha...."


 



[Saturday. 20:26. Ciao]


 

"HUH. What do you mean?!"

"I said," Kise repeats patiently, flapping the photograph and resume in his hand to emphasize his words yet again.

 "I'm acting as a messenger for Xx-chan-...umm, Miss Xx of the Xx Family who decided, after news of your existence was leaked through underground channels, that she wanted to arrange a marriage meeting with you. Here's her profile!"

Kagami's hands pretty much move on their own to accept this absurd proposition, as his mind is still trying to reconcile what was just said.

"What. That was your job? That's it?"

He casts a quick look at Kuroko, who shakes his head. Okay, yeah, calling bullshit.

Though this all seems pretty real.......

Also:

"Then why did you fuck with security?!"

Kise winks, he actually winks, and answers without a shred of shame:

"There's no way Kurokocchi would have let me even come close to the building if he'd known I was coming!"

This time, Kuroko nods gravely.

"Though I can't blame him for worrying I'd be up to something worse. You know," Kise suddenly gets close to Kagami, and the heir feels the same shiver as before overcome him. Kise's voice drops down to a dangerous murmur, half-seductive, half-warning.

"If everything goes well for you two, and you manage to survive the others, I'll definitely be back for more."

Kagami pushes him back, his heart pounding in his chest harder than when he was fighting the Masks.

Kise receives this with a smile, flashing a goodbye in the form of a cheeky two fingered salute.

" You're pretty fun, let's play again! And Kurokocchi, even if you don't reconsider, I'll still..."

Pause.

He leaves just like that, as if he had never been here in the first place.

 

 

 


[Saturday. 20:30. Straightforward.]


 

"What.....was that all about??? I'm so fucking confused"

"I didn't think I'd be faced with such an elusive start. I'm sorry, Kagami-kun, for everything. He...Kise-kun...we met when we were children. There are others as well, on a team, and our upbringing was...unorthodox."

"So you're like childhood friends?"


More like child soldiers.


"I can't explain myself well in this environment, but...in any case, when I caught wind that my former...teammates were assigned to attack you I saw it as my chance. To atone not only for my own sins, but also stop them at any