, slapping his hand away.

Castiel shifts back fractionally, but his eyes still pin Dean to the wall. “Stay right there,” he rasps, and Dean nods dumbly, can’t even find the words to say he isn’t going anywhere until this is finished, whatever the fuck this is.

Castiel tears the trench off, throws it and steps back towards Dean, pulling the knot of his tie looser, and Dean’s hands reach up without conscious thought, fingers shaking and awkward on the buttons, until he gives up and pulls the shirt open so they skitter in all directions. He drags the cotton halfway down Castiel’s arms, and now they’re skin to skin, the hard, flat planes of Castiel’s chest warm against Dean’s as he kisses Dean so thoroughly Dean wonders if he might be trying to climb inside his mouth.

Dean starts running his hands up and down Castiel’s back, maps the curve of his shoulders, hard bone and muscle, the ridge of his spine, all the way down until his hands are grabbing a good handful of, fuck, angelic ass. He pulls Castiel in even tighter, wrapping one leg around the angel like the cockslut he just discovered he is, melting into him. He duels with Castiel’s tongue, and it’s all wet, hot, slippery perfection, and breathy gasps, and sounds that say nothing but mean everything, and he’s rubbing little Dean up against little Cas to get acquainted. The pressure catapults Dean into the stratosphere, tingling through every nerve ending and setting them alight, and he surges forward, flips them into reverse so he has Castiel pressed against the wall.

Castiel moans raggedly against Dean’s mouth, says his name, soft and frantic, and his eyes are closed, his cheeks pink. Dean sniggers right into the angel’s ear. “Not the big man now, Cas,” he breathes recklessly. “You’re so fucking whipped.”

He sinks to his knees, planting open-mouthed, sloppy kisses down his friend’s chest to his belly, bites into Castiel there and feels him shudder, feels Castiel’s hand playing over the short hair at his nape as he hikes along the happy trail. He’s unzipping Castiel now, easing the pants down, reaching in to wrap his hand around Castiel’s cock, slow, firm strokes like he uses on himself, coaxing it rigid, his thumb playing around the head, slicking through moist, pearly beads of pre-come there at the tip. “Up there in the clouds, pining away, when you could have had this,” he mocks gently, right up against the glans so that his voice hums across it, and Castiel squirms under him and lets out a sharp exhale. “You clueless fucking idiot.”

Dean hasn’t done this in years, doesn’t count what Alastair forced him into down in the Pit, but the johns he turned tricks for back in the day always told him he had cocksucking lips, and he damn well puts them to use now. He fastens them around the head, suckles it hard, trails his tongue across the tip, tastes salt there, flicks underneath to tease the frenulum before he swallows it whole. He feels it twitch against the back of his throat while he massages it with his tongue, seals a vacuum around it, moans against it, and from faraway he can hear Castiel making nonsense sounds of pleasure. He scrapes his teeth on the underside and jacks whatever he can’t fit in his mouth, palms his own aching hard-on through his jeans at the same time. He hears a strangled whine from above him, and then hands are either side of his face, forcing him to look up to where Castiel is staring down at him, looking puzzled, mystified, ecstatic, fucking wrecked with it.

Dean draws back slowly, so the head rests on his bottom lip, keeps his gaze fixed on blue. “You like me doing that,” he whispers. “I like doing it to you.”

He swirls his tongue around the tip again, relishes the silken smoothness, presses kisses there, probes the slit lazily, watches as Castiel’s jaw goes slack and his eyes glaze over. “You damn well come when I need you,” Dean breathes around it, before he deep-throats it again, and Castiel sags, loose and pliant, smacks one hand into the wall. Dean slurps his way back up and off, with an audible popping sound. “I don’t give a shit what you’re doing up there. Your kind started this mess. You owe me.”

With that, Dean is heaved up, twisted around so they’re back to where they were before, and Castiel’s breath is hitching as he kisses his way back to Dean’s mouth. He stops abruptly, licks his lips. “I can taste myself on your tongue,” he marvels faintly, and then he rests his forehead against Dean’s, gazes at him with huge, lust-fogged eyes, and smiles.