for you. For the first couple of days I want you to stay off it as much as possible, and keep it elevated when you can. I wish we had ice, but you'll have to make due with cold compresses and ibuprofen to keep the swelling down."

Anxiety clenched my stomach. "Can you spare the painkillers?"

"We have enough," she told me, which meant no, but she was going to give me some anyway. "It will help prevent inflammation. I want to keep the swelling to a minimum just until we're sure it's only a sprain and not a fracture." The doctor straightened up. "I'll see if we can scare up a crutch or a cane or walking stick for you until it heals."

I grimaced. "Ask Eugene, he might have something."

"Good thinking." Dr. Myers said, reaching for a roll of ace bandage. I bit my lip while she wrapped my injured ankle, but the support felt good when she was done. "How's that?"

"Better," I admitted. I let her help me climb down, careful to keep my weight off my injured limb.

She helped me over to a cot and put a couple folded blankets under my leg. A faded terry towel, dunked in cold water, squeezed out, and rolled up, went on top to help provide a little cooling relief. "Get some rest. You'll be back on your feet in a few days."

"Thanks, Doc."

I smiled back, though inside I felt like a heel. Since the moment I'd come racing through the gates of Abel, a hoard of zombies at my back chasing me from that downed helicopter, it had been impressed on me that everyone here had to pull their weight. There wasn't a great deal of work for freelance illustrators who bid for commissions on the now non-existent Internet before the world as we knew it came to an end. I pulled my weight by training to be a runner for the township. There had been no contact with Mullins since the rocket launcher attack that took down the chopper that brought me in, nothing at all in more than seven weeks. Even if there had been, Mullins was a military organization, and I'd been only a civilian refugee there. For better or for worse, Abel was my home now, and at the moment I was little more than a drain on resources.

I laid on my cot, stared up at the rough and many-times patched green army surplus canvas over my head, and tried to take the doctor's advice. It was harder than it sounded, a lot harder. I had been all keyed up to start my last week of training so I could go out in the field for real, and now I was down for the count until my ankle got better. I hoped Dr. Myers was right, and it was just a sprain. The less downtime I spent, the better. A fracture or a break could lay me up for weeks, or worse. We still didn't have much in the way of antibiotics, or any medications, really. If wounds went bad, the only fallback solution was good old fashioned amputation, like Eugene's leg. I shuddered at the thought.

Dr. Myers came back after a few minutes with a couple small brown pills and a glass of water, which I dutifully downed without protest. An anxious Sam trailed in her wake. I swallowed and handed the cup back.

"Hi, Sam."

"Five! How... How are you doing? Did quite the bang up job on the old ankle, I see." He chuckled nervously. Sam always seems to get flustered when he's upset.

"Yeah, I busted myself up pretty good," I agreed. "Still not sure what I tripped over. Probably my own feet."

"Runner Seven has the off duty runners out sweeping the track to clear loose stones and marking cracks and broken pavement to make sure no one else turns an ankle," he told me. "Though he'll probably stop in to check on you later."

"I bet they're just loving that." I felt my face heat. "I feel like an idiot," I confessed. I'm not used to being fussed over at the best of times.

"Hey, it was an accident!" Sam reassured me. "Accidents happen. Better here than outside the gates with a hoard of hungry undead bearing down on you, right?"

"I suppose so," I agreed.

"Trust me, you'll be back on your feet and evading zoms for real in no time," he promised.

"I'm mostly mad at myself," I admitted. "Now it's going to be days before I can do more than hobble. I want to help, to be part of Abel for real, not just a drag on resources."

"You'll be back out there before you know it." His smile was friendly as he sank into a battered folding camp chair.