, cheeks ablaze and head hefted to the side. He didn’t wish to grant him a proper response? If possible, Seijuro’s grin magnified.

There were ways around that.

The hand that had been toying with his cock withdrew until it once more lingered on the waistband of Kouki’s practice uniform. For a moment Akashi was inert, as if contemplating his next course of action, and then before Furihata could react, he had somehow managed to shed every article of clothing adorning him.

Furihata gaped up in approval as the other began unloosing his own belt, giving rise to a dark pair of briefs that left little to the imagination as far as Seijuro’s titillated state. Kouki’s pulse accelerated as his eyes roamed his toned abdomen and legs. Slowly, and with a growing fluttering in his stomach, he raised his gaze to once more link with his lover’s.

But instead of granting him what he had been yearning for, Akashi merely lowered himself until his still concealed member was aligned perfectly with Kouki’s disrobed one. And then deliberately, with that same irritating smirk decorating his handsome features, he began to coast his hips, struggling not to hiss at the wonderful friction he was creating between them.

One glance at Kouki’s clenched semblance and he was positively elated.

“Do you feel that, Kouki?” he purred, “Do you feel how hard I am for you?”

“Ha…uhmm…mmm ha….”

Akashi leaned in, maintaining the same tempo.

“You never answered my previous question.” He abraded their hips, becoming irritated at how he himself had prolonged this. “Don’t you want to tell me what really caused you to react that way when we were outside in the living room?”

Kouki balled the sheets up within his fists, chewing anxiously at his bottom lip.

“Because, Akashi-san-!” he suddenly blurted, causing the other to raise an eyebrow.

He’d be lying to himself if he said their foreplay wasn’t generating an accelerated reaction. Akashi ground them together, gauging Kouki’s flushed expression. With that data alone, he knew he was about to become undone. The boy was far too adorable for his own good, and his reserve was wearing thin.

“What was that?” he pressed, “You have to speak a little more clearly, Kouki. I couldn’t understand what you said.”

Furihata only managed to scurry deeper into the sheets, using the flimsy material to conceal his flustered state. Not about to accept such a defiant response, Akashi ceased all movement to lean forward and cup his chin gently.

“Kouki.”

“Because,” he mumbled, “I-it was with Akashi-san….”

The diabolical grin vanished, substituted for a doting sort of smile.

“Good answer,” Akashi praised and sealed the gap between their lips.

Caught up again in assaulting Kouki's mouth, Seijuro’s hand fumbled in the drawer of the nightstand beside them. His golden eye snapped open when he realized he wasn’t uncovering the item he had been searching for. Akashi grimaced, disconnecting before glancing at Kouki with a bewildered, heterochromatic gaze.

At the implied inquiry, Furihata flushed a vivid shade of coral. As things stood, he didn’t have a hope of escaping the truth, and the longer he stalled, even to save face, the longer it would take for them to progress. No, he didn’t really have any other option but to confess.

“It’s… all gone, already,” he confessed weakly, trying to stomp down the rush of embarrassment that rose to the surface. “Since the last time we were together…”

“It hasn’t been that long of a separation,” the one guiding him interjected matter-of-factly.

He didn’t think he could be any more mortified, but Seijuro’s tone had proved him wrong. Kouki lowered his eyes, refusing to meet the one who still hovered above him. How could he respond to that? The last he had seen Akashi was over two weeks ago, and the only distraction he had was practice and occasionally having an outing with his teammates. What other distraction did he have to temporarily forget about him? Akashi on the other hand was always busy, whether it was with basketball or his other obligations, so of course there was a vast difference between their experiences during their brief separations.

Despite the humiliation, Kouki was more than determined to defend himself.

“You don’t understand,” he whispered, “You’re always busy, so of course it’s easier for you. I only spend a few hours away from home, not counting school itself. So of course when I’m not distracted, I get really lonely and then all I think about is you. You wouldn’t understand because you probably have too much to do to feel how I-”

His ramble was curtailed by the crushing of his mouth against the other’s.

“Don’t ever say that again.” Akashi’s tone was firm, but there appeared to be a slight waver