you run, still loving him, until your throat bleeds raw.

Pretend that you're with her in an alley at night.  Pretend that there is garbage all around you, and the dust of monsters; pretend that the mystical bond that flows between you erases free will and makes your every move inevitable.

Pretend: otherwise you'll remember that this is your bed and your safe-as-houses room.  You weren't forced into this; you didn't allow it to happen--you made it happen.  You watched her in the library; sunlight, drifting through dust motes, warmed her hair to chestnut and glowed deep in her tanned skin.  Her lips parted around a breath when she noticed you, and her black eyes widened.  Across some immeasurable span of time, you manoeuvred closer, until your knee brushed hers beneath the table.  That night, she was brazen, asking you to dance.  You played at coyness.  She believed the lie you told your friends, but your hands were greedy the instant they were hidden.

"Bitch," she hissed, then, as you guided her fingertips to your body, "such a fucking cocktease," and you shivered at the vicious promise behind her words.  You ground against her for as long as the music made you invisible.  You danced, and she matched your moves so precisely that you might have been alone; but her touch expands you, awakens you; brings you, shivering, to life.

Fever-bright, ferocious with sensation and want, you returned to your friends, forgotten and gaping.  "Vampires," you shouted, shrugging, and she laughed beside you, "Yeah, gotta get with the killing."

You led her away; you brought her home.

Her skin blazes hotter than anyone you've ever known and for a moment you fear that you will burn if you touch her.  She lies beside you, one hand cupping your cheek, one fluttering over the curve of your ribcage.  She kisses you; softly, thoroughly, as if she has planned every moment of your seduction.  You breathe in, long quaking breaths filled with the wonder of her touch.  You push closer, demand more; you are fierce, and soon she crashes higher to meet you.  She eases your clothes away; you tear at hers, then breathe in smoke and dusk; the scent of her flesh.  You rake fingernails over her skin; you take her nipple in your mouth and suck, vigorously, ardently.

"Fuck," she whispers, teeth tight against her lower lip then releasing in an explosion of air, "oh fuck, Buffy."

You goad her into roughness.  She seizes your wrists and slams them to the bed, and, laughing, you struggle; you writhe.  "Like this?" you ask, "do you like it?" and she whines desperately, attacking your body with her mouth, her hands, pinches and blunt teeth.  You are slick and furious with arousal; your laughter catches in your throat like sobs, your eyes burn and you squeeze them shut when her tongue reaches your clit.  You fist the bed, the sheets; you bite down on every word that rises to your mouth.  You are silent when you come, swiftly and brutally.

Afterwards, you bring her pleasure like retribution.  Nearly asleep, you wonder how long she plans to stay.

"I love you," she says, watching you, fingers twitching restlessly.  Naked, she is wholly unaware of her own body, her full breasts marked by your mouth, the contrast of white sheet against pink-dark skin; yet she is self-conscious, saying the words, and she doesn't meet your eyes.

You freeze; her eyes dart to your face, then, even more quickly, away.  She is silent.  You fight with words that refuse to be spoken.  She flings the sheet away, and pulls on her pants and boots, then her top, and you only watch.

"I thought that'd fucking mean something to you," she spits at last, her back to you.  She swings out the window, boots thumping shingles.

It is only then that you can follow her.  The heat of her anger draws you after her.  You pull on clothes and shoes; you find her walking back to her motel.  "Faith," you say, but the words are gone again, and you hurry in front of her, then stop.  "Faith..."

"Fuck off."

You reach for her.  "Please..."

"I said fuck off," and with a bright flash your head snaps back.

"Jesus--Jesus, Buffy--"

She hit you.

There's blood on the tip of your tongue, a dull throb in your lip.

She loves you.

"I'm--fuck, Buffy, I'm sorry--"

You turn your back on her; you run.  Hating her, you run, until your tears wash her memory away.

I am not a woman who likes it smooth and straight, with the lights off

Cold creeps into your heart the moment you set foot in the crypt.  It hurts,