raised a single eyebrow at the sudden clumsiness of his flatmate, and watched as he took a step back, successfully connecting his lower back with one of the pulled out chairs from the island counter, knocking over a pile of books that had been stacked there.

John let out a muttered slew of cusses -a rather impressive combination of them in fact- moving his other hand to the base of his spine, hissing out a long breath through clenched teeth. After half a moment or so of standing as if he was doing a strange sort of dance move, John switched both hands to his eyes, the sides of his thumbs pressing down on his temples. He slid them back through his hair, flattening most of the puffs, and took a deep breath.

“Definitely not gonna be my day today,” he said quietly, carefully stepping closer to the stovetop to make tea. Sherlock smiled at his remark, fluidly disentangling himself from the papers, placing the instrument on the desk, and making his way to the kitchen, wrapping his arms around John’s chest and hugging him from the side.

“I like your hair like this,” Sherlock chimed, combing his fingers against the grain, returning John’s bed-head full force.

“Wasn’t intentional,” he assured, hands shaking and fumbling as he struggled to pull a tea bag from the cardboard box.

A sound someplace between a hiss and a growl escaped from John’s throat, and he tossed the box with more force than necessary onto the counter. Frustrated, his hands went back up through his hair, pushing Sherlock’s off.

“Honestly, John, you look positively dreadful, I mean your eyes are a dead giveaway-” John held up his hand, cutting off Sherlock’s quickening speech to stem his deductions.

“Not now,” he said simply. “I’ll need to do some shopping,” he continued. “Do you know if we have milk?” John lifted a slippered foot as if to take a step towards the fridge, but as soon as it was removed from the tiles, a huge yawn ricocheted through him.

He started to lean back in the same fashion as if someone had just yelled ‘timber.’ Sherlock’s eyes tracked the slow fall backwards and flicked to follow when John jerked himself back up, looking up blearily when Sherlock placed a firm hand on his shoulder.

"You are evidently not in a state to be doing anything except sleeping." John waved him off, making his way to the fridge and bracing himself before opening it. He shut it immediately and rested his head against the cool door.

“Why are there eyeballs in the fridge, Sherlock?” John asked tiredly. Sherlock tilted his head in an overall picture of confusion. He didn’t remember putting eyeballs in the fridge. Easily shifting John out of the way, Sherlock opened the fridge, scanning the contents, smiling wryly.

“There are no eyeballs in the fridge, John,” Sherlock said slowly. John removed his hands from his face and stood up straight, narrowing his eyes in disbelief. He tore open the door again, jabbing a finger in the direction of a plastic container.

“Then what are those?” Sherlock lifted his eyebrows, not sure if it was a joke or not.

“Those are grapes, John,” he said gently. John looked utterly baffled, his mad-scientist-esque hair just adding to the picture. Sherlock wrapped his arms loosely around John’s shoulders, pulling him into his chest so John’s forehead was resting on his breastbone.

They were only standing like that for a moment before John started shaking in intervals and making noises. Sherlock pulled him away to see if he was crying or laughing, and found it was the latter. John fell against his chest again, causing Sherlock to stagger a bit. Listening closely, Sherlock heard a distinct pattern in between breaths.

“Grapes,” he was repeating.

“John. Your lack of sleep is impairing your cognitive abilities greatly. I would recommend you go to bed now,” Sherlock said delicately, holding John even with his own body. He made some sort of protesting noise, but Sherlock just began walking them out into the living room. He stepped cautiously, making sure all four of their feet didn’t hit anything. “You’re going to sleep in my room, alright, John?” Sherlock pushed the door open backwards with his foot and pushed the gathered heap of blankets out of the way.

Gingerly, he placed John on the mattress, pushing his shoulders down and lifting his legs onto the bed, pulling the blankets over him. Sherlock was about to step out of the room when John made a sound. His eyes were mostly closed, but he made a sort of grunting objection when Sherlock made to leave.

The detective was about to ask what was wrong when he saw John’s arm extended towards him. A little goofy smile quirked the corners of his mouth and closed eyes when Sherlock enclosed John’s hand in his own.

Sherlock attempted to disconnect their hands only to find that John had latched onto his fingers. His smile