really into commitment.

It's something he ought to tell Rich, who expects a return of feeling that isn't there, but Darien hates conflict.  In awhile he'll say something.  If he ever gets up the courage to fight back.

From the other side of the door he hears a tap, and Rich's voice follows, rough from crying.

"Dare?  Dare?  I'm so fucking sorry, honey.  I don't know what – I don't know why – I'm so sorry."

Smearing the Neosporin on the cut, Darien rises from the toilet and opens the door.  He smiles tremulously at Rich, the picture of the wounded lover, and keeps his mouth shut.  Rich does the babbling apology thing, and Darien just smiles and lets him.  Their makeup sex is very very nice, and Rich mumbles something about love afterwards.  Darien just pretends to be asleep.  It's easier that way.

 

IV: slower and more calculated / no chance of escape

 

It's partial.  Some days he's Hal Weathers, one-time basketball player for the Detroit Pistons, and some days he's Connor the Champion, some kind of fucking superhero saving the damned or whatever.

Started slowly enough, with pieces of his day he didn't remember, things people said he did that he never did.  Then there was the picture in the paper, and that cracked him up good.  Now he's in the Eleazer B. Wirthlin wing of the Detroit hospital, in a white room with black curtains, like the song says.

In college he found out that he could run faster than other players.  Jump higher.  Shit like that.  He joined the UNLV basketball team, scouts saw him, he went to the NBA.  It might have been more complex than that, but it just wasn't.  It was fucking easy.  Too easy.  'Cause two years later, here he is in the funny farm.  Hal.  Or Connor.  Or both.

The photo in the Detroit Free Press had shown him in the act of jumping from the top of a five-story building.  It had been captioned, "Leaps Tall Buildings. ..." The second photo, captioned "In A Single Bound," had shown him upright, apparently unharmed, walking away from the scene.  It had generated a huge uproar of publicity for the Pistons.  It had also generated many, many questions.

Hal could not answer those questions.  In fact, Hal had no idea what the fuck the interviewers were talking about.  He had deflected questions with a joke about manipulated photographs.  Just been completely puzzled.  Until someone got themselves a bona fide interview with Connor the Champion.  Great.

It had run nationally, that interview, in such prestigious papers as the Los Angeles Times and the Washington Post.  Hal can remember parts of it quite lucidly.

Connor:  So we had sex, right?  Really great sex.  Once.  And then she turned up pregnant, only it was this demon baby, right?  That's what we thought. Reporter:  Only it turned out to be –Connor:  Jasmine, yeah.Reporter:  So you're claiming to be responsible for the Jasmine phenomenon that swept the Western US three years ago?Connor:  I was her father.

Hal cannot remember giving this interview.  As far as he knows, he was in bed with two blondes from the opposing team's cheerleading squad on the night in question.  But the reporter claims that Connor was, on that smoggy summer night, out keeping the streets clean from the criminal element.

Reporter:  So then your, quote unquote, "father," ...Connor:  Tried to wipe my memory clean and put me with a foster family.Reporter:  Why would he do that?Connor:  (shrugs)  He's an idiot.

The reporter, one Mike Whitney, has photos to prove that Hal – Connor – was the one talking with him.  Hal has no explanation for this.  When Joe Dumars himself had called Hal into his office, Hal had ended up almost in tears.  The frustration was even more palpable because on one hand, he was sure it was a lie – he'd never heard of this Connor person – but a small, definite part of him knew that something was very wrong with him.  Very wrong.

Reporter:  What do you plan to do, now that you're back?Connor:  I'll cleanse the world of hatred and injustice.  Of course.Reporter:  That's a big job.Connor:  (looks down at himself and grimaces)  At least that moronic other personality kept me in shape.

Dumars had looked at him very, very patiently, and had said, "Hal, man, I think you need to see someone."  Someone had turned into someones – Connor had reared his ugly head – and here Hal was, staring through a window that has bars on it.

Doctor Wexel comes in, consulting a chart, and Hal turns around to watch him.  Wexel is a short man with a tic in his nose that makes him look like