Alfred thought was a pretty impressive feat. No one expressed anger quite like Arthur. He looked so sexy when he was angry, which was probably why Arthur looked sexy all the time.

"Give back that bottle and get out!" Arthur yelled. Alfred thought he might have taken things too far, but he saw no way but forward now.

Alfred waved the bottle from side to side. "You know," he began casually, "I think that people are more honest when they're drunk… or high. So the way I see it, we should both get sloshed and have a talk."

Arthur frowned, as he stepped back and leaned against his desk to steady himself. "That's what this is about, isn't it? I said something I shouldn't have and you're angry."

"Do I look angry?" Alfred replied so cheerfully that Arthur lifted his head. "You only said things we shoulda-coulda said months ago. Oh, and you groped my butt."

They stared at each other—Alfred trying to look confident and calm as Arthur's face flashed through a series of expressions (embarrassment, confusion, exasperation, and what Alfred really hoped was desire). He finally settled on a rather thoughtful and ambiguous expression. Clearly playing poker with Arthur was a bad idea.

Arthur extended his hand. "Pass the bottle," he said. Alfred did. The student president gave it a long look, before placing the butterscotch Schnapps on the table next to the fake rum. "We've got one hour before my parents get home," he explained, then he walked over to the bed, cupped Alfred's jaw, and kissed him soundly.

Alfred had never smoked before. He was too worried that the random testing at school would force him off the basketball team. But at that moment, with Arthur pressed against him, kissing him senseless, he had a good idea what it felt like to be as high as a kite. And it felt wonderful.

 


Part IV: Friends in High Places


Alfred stared down the long dark hallway and took a deep breath. He reminded himself that heroes weren't supposed to be scared of ghosts. He hummed the Ghostbusters theme song for a few bars and began walking forward. He wasn't afraid of no ghosts! Then he heard it. The low moaning noise from the locker next to his. Alfred ran back to the end of the hallway and huddled in the lighted area. Stupid school for trying to save money by turning off lights after-hours.

Who you gonna call?, he thought to himself as he pulled out his cellphone and quickly punched a number on speed dial.

"Hey practice is over and I was just thinking that I should walk you home because it's so late at night and do you want to meet me at my locker?" Alfred asked in a rush.

He could hear a sigh on the other end of the line. "You want me to come help you get your bookbag, don't you?" Arthur asked. "Alfred, I've told you a million times. I made up the story about the girl dying in the locker next to yours." He could sense Arthur rolling his eyes.

"But I can hear her! She's like Moaning Myrtle," Alfred protested.

"Yes, she is like Moaning Myrtle, in that she's fictional."

"Wait, are you saying magic isn't real?" Alfred asked, a sly expression spreading across his face. Arthur had once made the mistake of complaining about how Harry Potter got magic all wrong and now Alfred couldn't stop teasing Arthur for believing in magic. Alfred grinned to himself, knowing that he'd found the perfect counter-argument. Score one for logic!

Arthur huffed. "I'll see you in a minute," he replied.

By happy coincidence, student council meetings and basketball practice were both on Monday evenings. A few weeks ago, Alfred didn't know or care about the student council meetings. A few weeks ago, he hadn't been dating student council president Arthur Kirkland. Turns out, a lot could change in a few weeks.

Alfred grinned in relief when he saw Arthur approaching from the other side of the hallway. He hurried over to his locker, pretending that he had not been standing at the end of the hallway waiting for Arthur to banish the dead girl's moans. He packed away his science books in seconds, shouldered his bag, and reached out to grab Arthur's hand. Mondays should have been the worst day of the week, but Alfred had come to love Mondays over the past month because he could hold Arthur's hand in the deserted hallways and no one would be the wiser. Although they weren't exactly hiding their relationship, not many people knew since Arthur insisted on strictly following the "no PDA" rules during school hours. Fortunately, he was willing to bend the rules a little once everyone had left.

As they walked over to Arthur's home, Alfred listened to his boyfriend discuss the latest student council