of the "What the hell?" that popped up in his head.

Bones' irritation swung from Jim to basically everything else. "Personally, I'd rather not. Not until I see the research on this, the basis of where they pulled this rabbit out from what god damn hat. But what choice do I have?" Bones waved a hypospray stuffed with a vial of clear, bubbling yellow liquid like a sword. Jim edged back. 

"They're making vaccines for everything now, but just they wait. All this skipping through space with the immunity of a rock and we're going to come up against some disease we can't vaccine fo—"

"I think you should take it."

"Didn't I just say I would? Once I get everyone inoculated and treat every upset tummy from this thing, I'll give myself this undetermined, unprecedented vial of xyneophalox and—"

"I think you should take it now."

Bones shook his head, waving Jim off. "I can wait. How the hell are we going to rotate three shifts of vaccinated crew who will be suffering all the symptoms of food poisoning and still keep this tin can afloat—"

Jim wasn't sure why. Hell, he didn't even realize he grabbed Bones' left wrist until Bones jerked and whipped his head around to stare.

"I think you should take it now, Leonard."

Bones' mouth snapped shut. He blinked. He studied Jim for a long moment. His mouth opened again but then he looked hard at whatever was on Jim's face. His eyes widened.

Bones nodded.

"Yeah. Sure, Jim." Bones gently pried Jim's hand off his wrist. He didn't seem to notice the reddened mark banded around his wrist. "I'll take it."

"Right now?" pressed Jim.

Bones waggled the hypo at him. "Would you like to do it for me?" He sobered. "Okay. All right. All right. I'm doing it right now. Happy now?"

Happy wasn't the way Jim would describe it. There was this bizarre…Jim didn't know what to call it, but he found himself leaning heavier against the biobed, sagging when he heard the hypospray hiss against Bones' neck. A weight he hadn't realized sitting on his chest, a suffocating weight, eased and the Sickbay's lighting seemed to have brightened ten percent.

Jim smiled wanly at Bones. One hundred percent fatal chanted in his mind. Jim swallowed. One hundred percent? Bones must have mentioned it before.

"There," Bones said with exaggerated care. He held up the hypospray with its depleted vial. Jim arched an eyebrow at him and for some reason, Bones started.

"Jim?" Bones was talking to him like he was tiptoeing on thin ice—now there was a fun Starfleet survival course—"You feeling okay?"

"Sure." A quick slap on Bones' arm got him his exasperated yet fond "Why do I put up with you, kid" he got for three years in the Academy. It was reassuring to see. An irritated Bones was as comforting as a worn, favorite jacket; everything predictably fits right. 

"I'll leave you to your guerilla hypospraying, Bones." Jim stretched his arms above his head, enjoying the few pops his spine made. Bones, as always, grimaced.

"Fine. But if I get nauseous from this, I'm throwing up on you. I'll—Wait, what about your vaccines? Jim!"

"Later," Jim singsonged. He snapped back into a straighter posture when he entered the general area, fast enough that Bones couldn't throw that rack of test tubes he knew Bones was tempted to throw.

Jim exited Sickbay and stepped into the turbolift. The moment the doors hushed shut, he sagged against its walls, his grin dropping. The knot that cinched tight around his chest—when did that happen—released abruptly and he found himself wanting to find a dark corner somewhere to sit down.

Jim dropped his head back on the wall as the turbolift rose to the Bridge. Distantly, he stared at the ceiling and thought if he jumped high enough, he could touch it.

It would be like touching the sky.

 

The fourth time it happened, Jim was almost glad it did.

Sitting in his quarters, Jim drummed his desk with his fingers tapping out a beat of a random song he vaguely recalled hearing in his father's restored Cadillac. He couldn't remember if there were any words, just the almost vibrating notes of a few archaic guitars whining out sounds only real strings could produce.

He was stalling.

Jim swiveled in his seat, indulging in the kind of behavior a starship Captain couldn't indulge on the Bridge. But he knew that was just an excuse. He eyed the monitor and the holo-recorder like they were overloading phasers. He ignored his PADD and the half finished notes in it.

Two flat data tapes mocked him on the desk, sitting there all yellow, flat, formatted and ready for