-up waiting for a chance to kill all of them. Could be either.

It really wasn’t something he wanted to look at every time he wanted to grab a beer from the fridge.

“Try to take it down and I will shit on your grave," Tucker said.

Prompt: "Wash and York bromance."

“York, old buddy, care to explain what you’re doing in my bed?” Washington asked, eyes fixed on the ceiling. The arm slung over his chest twitched, and the rest of York stretched out in a long yawn.

“Mornin’, babe," he said, flashing his Tried Sizzling Smile no. 3 (Wash knew exactly which one it was, York once drew him a goddamn guide to his “Smoulder Ways”, and he couldn’t forget the fucking thing no matter how much he wanted to). Wash felt completely justified in kicking him to the floor.

“Oooph! You asshole! There was a spider!”

“What?”

“A giant-ass spider. In my room. And you know me, I’m not territorial, right? Live and let live. So I told him sure, Gary, you and your kids can crash here for a night. I’ll sleep in my best buddy’s bunk tonight, he will understand. He wouldn’t just kick a family out right before christmas.”

“Since when have you been afraid of spiders?”

“Since they've been growing big enough to bite Maine’s hand off. The entire left wing is being decontaminated, so good news, I’ll be sleeping here for the rest of the week.”

“This isn’t funny, York,” Wash hissed, huddling under his blanket and suppressing the urge to glance at the air vent.

“We were also reassigned to decontamination duty. Hope you remember how to handle a flamethrower.”

Prompt: "Director/FILLS".

“FILLS, if you don’t stop sending me anti-smoking propaganda, I will have you reverted to default settings.”

“The statistics show smoking causes a large propability of premature death and multiple diseases. It’s also my duty to remind you this level is a strict no-smoking area.”

“Who are you, my fascist robot mother?”

Prompt: "Grif/Simmons, Simmons teaching Grif how to play a Zelda game".

I've literally never played a Zelda game in my life and never owned a console, so, uh, if I wrote something stupid, excusez-moi.

“Oh my God, does this thing ever SHUT UP?” Grif snapped.

“After an hour or two, you learn to put it on your white filter noise,” Simmons replied, head in Grif’s lap. “Anyway, you will need a key to the dungeon, so you gotta–”

“Wait. Didn’t I already get a key?” Grif squinted at the screen. “When do I get to shoot something, anyway?”

“The keys break after you use them”, Simmons sighed. “And you can shoot arrows, but–”

“Do I get an uzi?”

“NO!”

“This game sucks," Grif frowned.He went quiet for a couple of minutes, swinging the sword at every tree and boulder he came across. Simmons sighed again and closed his eyes.

“So, does this Zelda guy have anything other than swords an arrows? I dunno, a mace, maybe?”

Simons gasped and sat up so abruptly he almost uppercut Grif with his head, then tore the controller out of Grif's hands and pressed it close to his chest. They stared at each other for a moment, one seething, the other extremely confused.

“Feel free to stay in your bunk tonight," Simmons said icily.

Prompt: "Maine/CT". Good ole training room UST. Mild asphyxiation warning, I guess.

“Surrender before I break your neck, asshole”, she said, trying to keep Maine from freeing himself. Not an easy task, seeing how he was twice as big as her, and thrashing like an animal.

He roared and jerked his head again, banging his fist on her thigh, trying to pry her legs open.

She squeezed tighter.

He let out a squeak of all sounds, and finally - slowly - raised his hand in a gesture of defeat. She opened her legs, releasing his neck from between her thighs. As he scrambled on all fours and gulped for air, slamming his fist into the ground hard enough to crack the tile, she thought that she owed an apology to the next person scheduled for sparring with him.

Prompt: "North and South, sibling stuff."

He sighed and started picking up the clothes scattered on the floor to dump them in the washer. Collected the empty mugs, snack cake wrappers, and Red Bull cans. Opened the curtains and set the window ajar to let the stench of dust and sweat out. Turned the lights off.

He took one of her sweaters and draped it over her shoulders.

She mumbled something in her sleep, drool smearing her notes. He gently removed the textbooks and notebooks from under her