fur, and his smile went from bubbly and carefree to smooth and suave. Overall, his face and expressions had transformed into the element of maturity and charm with an ever-underlying hint of intimidating unattainability. But Chara had attained him, after all these years. They were having him and he was having them. The highly pleasing thought brought them back to the moment, as they were keen on continuing it.

He was breathing deeply while looking up at them with a confused expression, a glaze over his eyes and a blush across his cheeks. He asked them nervously but with clear excitement, “What are you doing?”

Making you see how hard it can be to keep quiet. They didn’t answer him verbally though, just leaned down for another messy but somehow still wonderful open-mouth kiss, let their hands wander his soft chest as well as use it for support, then gave a nice, long grind into his pelvis, already feeling his hard-on through his pajama pants.

“Ohh… fuck, Chara.” He paused their kiss to hiss out in surprise with his eyes clamped shut. They snickered with satisfaction- Asriel rarely ever swore, and when he did, they either praised him or laughed out loud. But right now, in this context, it damn well turned them on.

“You should swear more often; it’s fuckin’ hot.” They whispered right next to his face, and ground into him again, earning another barely contained groan, and a sigh from themself. It was a teasing but fantastic movement- feeling his hard member rub against the hot space between their legs, getting wetter by the minute with only two thin layers separating them. They didn’t stop grinding on him as they sat up and ran their fingers up and down his sides in an affectionate manner.

“Ready to admit it’s not so easy being quiet?” They asked him smugly.

“Fuck- ngh- you.” He responded, similar to the answer they gave when he told them to be silent. Their slight laughter was soon replaced by a startled sigh though as they felt him start to massage their tits through their shirt, eventually finding their hard nipples and rubbing his thumbs over those too. They bit their lip and threw their head back again with a strained whimper- the pleasure to both their parts, still clothed, frustrating as well as extremely appealing. And yet, they were only getting more hot and bothered, so they swiftly removed their baggy pajama shirt and let it fall somewhere on the bed. When they looked back down at him, Asriel was staring at their bare chest with fascination and lust, but rather than embarrassment, Chara only felt disbelief, absolute awe, and as if they were one of the luckiest people in the world. Asriel had seen them in their bra and underwear more times than they could remember, but it was obviously never like this. They had never shared their bodies- only ever stolen curious or longing glances here and there. But now that they were here, doing this, they couldn’t think of any place they’d rather be.

Asriel then looked at them with what they could only think to describe as… love. He slowly sat up, never breaking eye contact, and wrapped his arms around them right before capturing them into a passionate kiss. Chara was pulled so tightly against him that they were sure they couldn’t get any closer, and their tongues were deeper in their mouths and pressing harder against each other than ever before. When Asriel unexpectedly gave their bottom lip a little bite, they let a small moan slip and tugged harder at the fur on his lower back to show their gratitude, coaxing another thrilling growl from his throat followed by his mouth pressing even more firmly and frantically against theirs.

Testing something out, Chara dragged their fingers down the length of his back, which resulted in Asriel having to break away from the kiss to take deep shuddering breaths.

“Your back sensitive or something?” They asked him.

“Y-yeah, I guess.” He stammered shakily.

Chara thought it was sort of cute- intimate touches to his back affecting him this way. But it was also interesting, and they wanted to make him feel good, so they started grinding into his lap again while using their hands to tug and drag over the fur on his back. They were rewarded by another low growl, then his strained voice next to them saying, “Chara- ah…”

“Swear again, Asriel. It sounds so good coming from you.” They urged him. It was true: Asriel only seemed to swear if he couldn’t help it, so hearing him say it while they stimulated him was just so addicting. They clutched his shoulder blades, digging their nails in to some extent, and attempted a deeper rut against his erection, which got them a gratifying reaction.

“Ah… shit, Chara. How are you so- ngh- fucking good at this?”

They laughed a bit. “I’m really just moving my pelvis against yours and feeling up your back-“

“No, I mean- ah, fuck