make me laugh, you make me happier than anyone, and you’re such a great guy and I haven’t met anyone like you before.” He confessed, and hearing those words made Niall blush.

“I-I didn’t know you felt this way.” He looked up now, meeting the big brown eyes of Liam, with tears resting inside them. He felt awful, because that was a lie. He did know. He knew all along, but he just didn’t want it to be true. He didn’t want to feel like he was stringing him along. He just wanted to be friends, and that’s all they were in the beginning, but feelings obviously had grew, and he didn’t want to break his heart. He saw how Liam stepped closer again, but he shook his head. “Gosh, Liam, I’m sorry but I can’t stop loving Zayn…” He trailed off when he felt Liam’s arm wrap around his waist.

“Please,” Liam whispered, pulling Niall closer, his mind not thinking, “Think about it?”

His heart had taken over his mind, and love had taken over his body, and he slowly pressed his lips to Niall’s once again, making the boy go limp against him. He just wanted to feel his soft lips on his again. He wanted to believe that he loved him back, and that Zayn wasn’t part of the picture. He wanted to hold him like he was now forever, Niall’s hands resting on his chest, with his perfect lips pressed against his making his heart swim with love and want.

Niall had to pull away, but he couldn’t. The guilt was eating him alive. The guilt he felt for making Liam hurt for so long, and the pain he felt because he was betraying Zayn. He finally pushed Liam back and looked into the boy’s eyes. He could see the love they held, and he felt awful for what he was doing. He couldn’t let Liam love him anymore. He loved Zayn, and that was never going to change, no matter how wonderful, or how perfect Liam was.

“I’m sorry Liam.” He said, shaking his head at him, and backed up. He couldn’t do this. He needed to get home to Zayn. “I have to go home, alright? I’ll talk to you tomorrow?” Niall asked, and he could see the pain written all over Liam’s face. He felt like a jerk, but he needed to get home.

“Yeah.” Liam sounded hurt, and Niall felt his heart rip apart. He never wanted him to feel this way. Niall grabbed his coat and scarf and put them on quickly and grabbed his phone, heading towards the door. Liam walked him there, trying to ignore the way he wanted to just lock it and tell him to stay, tell him that he could love him better than Zayn.

“Liam,” Niall whispered, making Liam’s eyes meet his. He swallowed thickly. “I don’t want this to ruin out friendship though, alright? Promise me?” He questioned, and Liam gave him a small smile.

“Never Niall. I could never stop being your friend. I promise.” He said, and leant down and kissed the blondes cheek. Niall didn’t move away and just accepted it, and blushed. He knew he shouldn’t be letting Liam do those things, but he didn’t know what to do. Everything just made him feel like a jerk.

He smiled and waved before he ran out of Liam’s house. He sighed when he got into his car, because he needed to get home, even if it was almost two in the morning. He needed Zayn, and he wanted him. Zayn was all that was running through his mind.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

It was past two now and Niall was slowly walking up the steps to his and Zayn’s house. A million things were running through the boy’s mind as he was making his way into his house. First, he couldn’t get Liam out of his head. He couldn’t stop thinking about what he said, how he confessed to him. He also couldn’t get his hurt look out of his mind. Also, he couldn’t get the kiss to disappear either, and every time he thought about it he felt even guiltier than he already was.

He didn’t want to tell Zayn, but he had too. There was no way he could keep it from him, because if he found out some other way, Niall wasn’t sure if he would ever forgive him. He knew Zayn was angry at him already, and he was nervous and scared, because how was Zayn going to react? He already hated Liam enough at the moment, and he knew why now.

Zayn must have known that Liam had feelings for him, and Niall really wanted to punch himself in the