.

You were laughing with Luke about his childhood stories as you eat your tuna sandwhich when your phone rang on the table. On the screen flashed Harry's contact. You excused yourself to Luke, grabbed the phone and answered it.

"Where are you?" Confusion in his tone

"At Subway." You replied.

"Are you alone?"

"No, I'm with Luke." You glanced at the brunette Aussie guy  sitting infront of you and he raised both of his eyebrows as he munched on his sandwich.

"I'll get you." Harry's tone was clipped.

You were taken aback by his tone. "Harry, you don't have to. We're almost finished any-"

"I don't give a fuck. I'm coming." He hissed and ended the call.

5 minutes later, an aggravated Harry came in, he stopped on his way and scanned the room. When he saw you, he walked to your direction.

"Harry" Your smile vanished when you noticed him. He ignored you and made his way to Luke's side who was giving Harry a confused look. Harry took a fist of the collar of his polo and pulled him up.

"I don't want you near her again or I'll fire you." Harry was fuming.

"Chill Mr.Styles, we're just eating!" Luke's hand tried to tear away Harry's but he wouldn't budge. Harry twist it more before completely letting go and pushed Luke back on his chair.

"Luke!"You shrieked.

"Let's go Al." Harry touched your hand but you pulled away.

"Luke, are you alright?"

"Alyssa, I said let us go." His tone was warning.

You let Harry take a hold of your hand this time and walked to the glass door of the restaurant. You looked back to Luke and mouthed "Sorry" to him.

"What the fuck is wrong with you?!" Shout that belongs to yours echoed in his office when you both walked in.

"Your break is over, go back to work."

His face blank.

"No, I'm not. What you did was uncalled for. You need to apologize to him"

Harry hit the table with his palm. "Do I always have to repeat everything that I tell you? Go back to work."

"You're unbelievable"

Tears fell from your eyes when you walked out his office.

The ride to Harry's was eerily silent inside his Range Rover. Neither of you talked. He would subtly touch your fingers or your thigh but you would pull away. 

When you both entered the house, he hugged you from behind. "I'm sorry." He whispered. His lips were on the nape of your neck.

You sighed and turned to face him. "I think I need to part from you." You said sadly.

He looked at you and couldn't believe what you said, "What do you mean? If this is because of how I acted today, then I'm sorry. You know how I am when somebody touches my girl." He groaned.

"It's not just about that. We both act like we're together even though we're not and I'm tired of it!"

"We both have advantage and everything is going perfect until today." He frowned and was as if thinking to himself.

"You don't understand me because you are not feeling what I feel." You feel tears on the brim of your eyes but you wouldn't let it show.

"What do you feel?"

You shook your head, "That I love you!" His eyes widened. This is the first time you were vocal about your feelings for him.

"I- I didn't know. Why didn't you tell me this before?" He was holding your hands now.

"You don't love me back so what difference would it make?" Your tone was harsh and bitter.

"I really don't know what I feel about you." He admitted.

"I know. I've loved you from the start Harry. I thought I could just enjoy whatever we are doing, but I can't anymore. I have to leave." You weakly whispered the last sentence.

You pulled away again and went to you and Harry's room. Or his room now.. He's always said that it's your and his. You started retrieving your clothes from your shared closet with Harry. You placed them on your suitcase. Harry followed you and tried to stop you.

He held both side of your cheeks, "No no no. Stop this babe. Let's talk about this."

You didn't realize that you were crying when his thumbs caressed your cheeks, wiping away your tears.

You couldn't stop crying. You wanted to lay on the floor and cry yourself to sleep but you have to be brave enough and leave. Leave Harry for good. You'd rather feel this pain