doing what JJ did best. Gideon had thought to bring her in to make the girl feel more comfortable with a woman in the room. "Trust me. You are so smart coming to us. Now Hotchner, the man you talked to on the phone, said you had some evidence?

"It took me three months before I could even drive a car again. The first time I drove it, must have been in September. Of course, I did the stupidest thing someone can do in my position: I went back to the scene. It's really far out, about thirty miles from our house and what feels like in the middle of nowhere. I had and still have no idea where she was going that morning and I wanted to find out; to see what was near by. Which is nothing by the way. So, I got out of my car and I just kinda stood there on that highway and I remember wondering what my sister was thinking there and how it just didn't make sense. Alice was not suicidal, and if she was, which she wasn't, then why the hell did she go there? Right in that particular spot, right in-between Richmond and nowhere."

"And she was driving towards your house, not away. She was coming back?" said Reid.

"Exactly." Remy said. "Wait, how did you know that?"

"We saw some pictures," Reid said, drawing his lips tight.

"Oh." Remy said. "Well yeah, but that's what I mean by it making zero sense: if her destination was suicide, why did she turn around?"

JJ nodded. "No, this is good. What else do you have?"

"Well, my family never got the car back. It was too damaged, and even if it wasn't...well you know, something like that happening didn't make us want the thing back anyhow, but I wanted to see it. I was obsessed with every detail of her death, so obsessed that I went out into the junk yard place alone. I found the car, and on the back bumper, well here...I took some pictures."

Remy slid the three photographs over to them. All were practically of the same thing, taken at different angles and distances: the back bumper of the gray Subaru.

The room was silent for some odd beats. Gideon leaned in closer. "I'm sorry, but what are we supposed to be looking at, exactly?"

"Right there," Remy's finger pointed to the bottom of the bumper. "See that blue?"

Spencer squinted. JJ scooted her chair closer. Gideon reached for his glasses. Spencer did see it, barely. His heart sank. This was not evidence...this was blind hope. They had seen this type of blind hope in families and friends of victims many times. Quantico's BAU phone lines were riddled with them, all trying, begging, crying for the team to take a look at their case. At their "evidence."

"Okay, I know it's not much. But it was definitely not there before. We used to share a car, I would have noticed it. I played soccer and used the trunk nearly everyday for my gear." Remy pulled the pictures back frantically, clearly embarrassed. "But there's more. Next to the crash site, I found this."

Now, came out the plastic baggy. In it, was a small speck of something red.

"Her nail polish," Remy clarified. "Outside of the car. Quite a ways from the scene actually, a little off to the side. It's hers, it has to be. Not only does it match the color she was wearing but what are the odds that someone else was there and left it behind?"

"Okay, good, good." JJ drawled, and Reid could tell from her tone she was getting more frustrated by the lack of concreteness of the entire thing.

Gideon, on his left, was still squinting at the plastic baggy. "Mind if we keep this?"

"Of course. And the pictures too." Remy slid the photos back over to them, looking bashful. "Sorry for ripping them away like a complete lunatic."

"No worries," Gideon said, bringing the photos to his eyes.

JJ cleared her throat. Spencer nodded at her to continue.

"Alright," JJ said. "Anything else?"

"That's it for the physical stuff." Remy said quickly. "I know it's not much, but if it was not for how Alice was behaving in the months leading up to her death then I would not be questioning this at all. Really."

"How was she behaving?" Gideon leaned forward, placing the pictures back down on the table.

Spencer stole them to get a closer look. Now he could see it better, the speck of blue was more like a line. Multiple lines, actually now that he looked at it longer.

"Like I said, she was the token introvert. She