’re about our age and yet he never sees you play, so he reckons you’re probably all suppressed or something, whatever that means.”

                “……” Wolfram expressionlessly throws a snowball at Yuuri’s face.

                “Bwagh!” The black-haired king and baseball boy drops his killer ball.

                “You’re too slow.”

                “W-wait! Pwah—H-hey! There’s a stone in this!”

                “Accident.”

                “That’s—gah—cheating!”

                “All’s fair in love and war.” And damn you, Yuuri, this is a bit of both.

                “Time—time out!”

                “The enemy won’t even give you time to put on your pants if they catch you in the toilet. What has Lord Weller been doing with your training, I’ll need to have a word—Puh!”

                “Haha… haa, g-got you… Aaah, wait, wait!”

               

“Aaaah~ The order has gone all wrong.” Yuuri falls onto the glistening snow, limbs spread out. Snow creeps into his boots, but he’s too tired to care.

                “You don’t seem to care much about order or rules.” Wolfram joins him, staring at the starry night sky. “Not the ones we make, anyway.”

                “Hehe, you got me there. I’m usually a good citizen back home.” Yuuri quickly catches himself when Wolfram turns to him, expressionless once more. It’s almost as scary as Gwendal, but in a different way. “Sorry, sorry, I meant back in Japan. On Earth.”

                “…...”

                “I’m already home.”

                “…Hmph.” Wolfram turns back to the sky.

                They enjoy the peaceful silence for a moment, until of course Yuuri has to ruin it.

                “Uhm… Aren’t you feeling a bit cold like that?”

                “Now you ask!?” Wolfram wants to explode, but he instantly knows it’s hopeless. “Aaaaah! How can you act so stupid while looking so cute!? I can’t be mad at you even if I tried!”

                “You’re pretty mad enough as it is… And I really don’t know how I’m supposed to feel about that.”

                “It’s a compliment, just take it.”

                “But do you like it when I call you pretty? That’s how I feel when you call me cute!”

                “…Is that so.” Wolfram turns his face aside.

                “Huh, wait, that’s not the reaction I was expecting!” Yuuri scrambles to his feet, kicking up the snow. The white is so pure that it seems to glow gently in the night, a glow that envelops and enhances Yuuri’s warm black. Mn, Wolfram decides it’s not so cold tonight after all.

                “Waa, your face is red! Wolf, are you burning up, let me—Ah, you’re so hot!”

                Why? Why can’t he ever keep up the romantic mood for more than a moment!?

                “Idiot! I’m channeling just a little maryoku to keep myself warm, because you wouldn’t wait until I put on a coat!”

                “Oops, yeah, haha, sorry ‘bout that.”

                “And stop touching my face!”

                “But I can’t help it… Wolf, you’re so warm and comfortable.”

                “…Are you treating me like a hot water bottle?”

                “Mm, better than that.” Yuuri’s eyes are a little glazed over, and Wolfram worries for just a split second until his king decides just touching his face isn’t enough. Slowly, inevitably, Yuuri sinks down over Wolfram, wrapping his arms around Wolfram’s waist and plastering his face to his fiance’s chest.

                “Haaaa… that feels good. Ah, am I too heavy?”

                “…Not really. You’re still too light to put up a good fight.”

                “Come off that, I could tackle you down anytime.”

                Wolfram instinctively nods in response, and turns an even deeper shade of red when he realizes what he just agreed to.

                “I mean, remember our first duel? I took you down in no time at all.”

                “Y-yeah.” Of course that’s what he meant. “Wait, no! You just took me off-guard, that’s all! I dare you to try it again!”

                “Ehh? I don’t wanna.” Yuuri seems particularly childish tonight. “Let me stay like this a while longer.”

                His breath ruffles the sheer fabric over Wolfram’s chest. It’s a ticklish, tingling sensation.

                “Ah, although saying this is a bit mean for you, I’m glad you’re wearing something so thin tonight. It feels like there’s nothing there at all.”

                He’s definitely doing this on purpose! “Yuuri, you little—”

                “Wolf, have you ever made snow angels before?”

                “…Hah!?”

                “I just noticed how you’re melting down the snow under you. Mn, I bet Wolf would make