on the floor. These particular pitches had the curve and power that you couldn’t get from his earlier ones. This pitch …was the epitome of all pitches.

             They watched as the pitcher went over to the batting cages and picked of an average metal bat. They all knew that Eijun sucked at batting, but he was a pro at bunting.

             The Komimato brothers looked on in astonishment as Eijun once again defied his own law. He set the machine on 150 mph unconsciously and waited for the onslaught of balls. The first ball shot out. Not surprisingly, Eijun missed it. The second time, he hit it…into the net on the other side. The third time he bunted it so it shot to the net. Safe to say, the payers on Seidou were simply amazed.

            “Think about all of the things Eijun-kun has done for us, and think of what you’ve done for him. There’s a significant difference, isn’t there.” Haruicchi stated, watching the depressed boy train.

            There were nods and quiet yeses from everyone.

            “I have an idea.”

            Quietly, the first string baseball players and Chris crept off the field with a bucket of baseballs, careful not to alarm anyone of their leave.

            Later on, the assistant coach called practice to an end. Sawamura jogged over to his locker and opened it. Inside of his locker were his normal school attire, his play clothes, an extra team uniform, and a red bucket full of baseballs filled with different markings in different colors.  The awe struck player clapped hand over his mouth to contain the sob of happiness about to burst from his body. Quickly, he put on his school attire, picked up the bucket of baseballs, and raced towards his dorm. Thankfully, Masuko-senapi and Kuramochi-senpai weren’t here. He would never find out that most of his senpais (Miyuki, Ryousuke, Masuko, Kuramochi, Chris, Tanba, Jun, Tetsu) and a few first years (Furuya and Haruicchi) were standing right outside the door, peering through the crack to see his reaction.

            In the light, Eijun took out the first ball that had writing in pink.


            Eijun-kun, just because you didn’t receive any Valentines does not mean nobody cares for you. We all do in our own way. Happy Valentines’ Day – Haruichi


            “Harucchi, why do you have to be so blunt,” Eijun sniffs and proceeds to the next ball.

             “Sorry Eijun-kun,” Haruicchi sighed, depressed. Miyuki and Ryousuke dead panned but listened to the next quote.


             Oi Sawamura, I will kick you if you don’t kill that depressing aura of yours. It’s stinking up the field and our room! – Kuramochi


             “Kuramochi-senpai…I knew you cared! Furuya owes me five bucks!”

             A certain brown headed senpai thought of painful ways to kill a certain brown haired pitcher. Miyuki chuckled and leaned away from the deathly aura.

             Eijun picked out another baseball with black writing.


             Sawamura-chan, I will give you a pudding cup for Valentine’s Day if you’re that sad. –Masuko


             “Really Masuko-senpai; I want the vanilla one!” Masuko cried internally.

             The next baseball was written in red.


             Oi Sawamura, even though being depressed improves your pitches I still don’t want you to be an emotionless pitcher. I like the spirit in your eyes, kouhai. –Miyuki


             “That sounded oddly like a confession Miyuki,” Kuramochi snickered.

             “Shut up.”

             “I’m not sure whether or not to smile or cringe at this one Miyuki…” Miyuki sighed.

              The next ball had writing in orange.

              Oi brat! Stop your damn moping, you’re affecting my batting! - JUN

              “…” Eijun just stared before tossing it into a corner.

              Jun’s face turned red.

              Furuya’s and Tetsu’s messages were written on the same ball.


              Stop being so depressed.


             “Should I even keep reading?” Eijun muttered to himself.

              Picking up the second to last ball, Eijun read the message…and promptly threw it into the corner with Jun’s.

             “I bet that one was Ryou-san’s!” Miyuki laughed.

             “You guys are so harsh on him. What did he ever do to you?” Chris chastised.

             The players of Seidou took a moment to think about it. In all honesty, Sawamura hadn’t done anything to them personally; it’s just that he was loud and annoying. They shrugged and kept quiet as Eijun read the last ball.

             “IT’S FROM CHRIS-SENPAI!”


              Eijun-kun, please don’t be sad. I’m sure that you will find someone in life who will give you a Valentines someday. – Chris


              “NOT YOU TOO CHRIS-SENPAI! Even on Valentines’ Day they manage to tease me,” Eijun huffed with a smile. ‘But at least they care. Now I’ll have to do something for them on White Day!’ he thought smiling to himself.

              The baseball players shuddered, backing away from the door slowly.