a salad and fries.

He was so nervous he almost burned the burgers. Cas walked in to hear Dean cursing and turning the small griller off for the hamburgers.

"Oh Omega, such vulgar words coming from such a pretty mouth."

Dean groaned, "Go away Cas. I can't have you distracting me. I almost just burned the burgers." Cas wrapped his hands on Dean's shoulders, massaging them. Dean gave an appreciated groan.

Cas leaned in, "You need to relax Omega. You're too tense. Sam will take it fine, I promise." Cas kissed the side of Dean's neck, right on his mark, making him groan in more than appreciation.

Dean batted him away, "Cas don't. My hormones been everywhere so far and we can not do that while Sam can walk in any second. I'm not scarring my baby brother at such a young age."

Cas nodded and gave one last kiss to his mark, he growled, "Later."

Dean tried to push down the urge to jump Cas right then, feeling the slick leaking from his ass.

He ground out, "Go get Sam. Dinner's ready."

Cas smiled satisfactorily for taking Dean's mind off his nervousness, now seeing him, in fact, turned on. Cas would deal with that when Dean got back from work in the morning, if Dean was up to it. If his Omega was tired, he would let him sleep.

Cas went and got Sam, the two walking in the kitchen to see Dean finishing putting the food on the table.

Cas kissed Dean, "Looks good." Sam made an exaggerated ew at them, Dean noogied him.

Dean waited until Sam was digging into his food before he started speaking, nerves taking over again, despite Cas's earlier distraction.

"Hey kiddo?"

Sam looked up to Dean, ketchup on his cheek from his burger. Dean wiped his thumb across the glob, wiping it on a napkin.

"Me and Cassie got something to tell you." Cas scowled at Dean using that nickname he had managed to get Sam hooked on using.

Sam nodded, "Okay."

Dean had worked himself up to the point he felt sick, "I-" He glanced to Cas then back to Sam. He stood up, covering his mouth, "I'm sorry-" He ran from the room, going to the closest bathroom, slamming the door and locking it. Tears streamed down his face as he threw up in the toilet, this time not from the baby growing in his stomach.

Cas stared surprised at where Dean used to be, he only stopped when Sam called his name.

"Yes baby?"

"Is De okay? I didn't do anything did I?"

Cas shook his head, taking Sam into his arms, "No Sammy, you didn't do anything. He just got sick. It's okay. Finish your dinner, I'm going to check on him."

Cas put him back in his chair and got up, walking to the bathroom Dean was in, he knocked gently, "You okay baby?" He could feel the waves of sick and distress coming off his Omega in waves.

Dean spoke, his voice quiet and rough, "I'm sorry Alpha. I'm sorry."

Cas figured Dean was really upset if he was using Cas's official name.

"Omega, it's okay. I'm not mad, open the door please." He heard Dean throw up again then groan.

After the sounds of his mate being sick stopped for a minute, the door was unlocked. Cas opened the door and brought Dean into a hug, Dean buried his head into his neck.

Cas ran his hands through Dean's hair, he could feel the distress of his Omega stronger now, it hit him like a tidal wave.

He whispered in Dean's ear, "It's okay Omega. It's okay." Slowly but surly Dean calmed and his distress settled.

Dean pulled back and Cas stared into Dean's eyes, they were red and puffy.

"Alpha."

Cas smiled and leaned in to give him a kiss, Dean meeting him halfway.

"You should go and get ready for work and be sure to eat something Omega. I'll take care of Sam," Cas murmured.

Dean nodded and pulled out of Cas's grip, going to their bedroom.

Cas went back to the kitchen, Sam was still there, eating. He took his seat, finishing his food.

Sam looked up to him, "Cassie?"

Cas looked down to Sam and smiled, "Yes baby boy?"

"Where's De?"

"He's going to take a bath and get ready for work."

Sam's face scrunched, "But he didn't finish dinner, you two always make me finish mine."

Cas smiled, "That's because you need to eat to grow. Dean will grab something when he leaves. Dean's stressed, he needs some time to relax Sammy."

Sam