.  Can you maybe sit down on the couch?” Bonnie replied shaking off whatever uncertainty she had before, and Damon took a place on the couch.

 

“Okay, should I be preparing myself for something bad?” He asked nervously after he sat.  There was something going on here, and he had no idea what to do.

 

“No, no, nothing like that. It’s just-“ Bonnie began and then paused, contemplating which step to take next, nipping at her bottom lip. “Would you just close your eyes for a minute? That might make this easier.”

 

“Close my eyes?  If you are trying to get me in bed Bennet, all you gotta do is ask.” Damon responded with a chuckle making Bonnie roll her eyes and glare at him. “Alright, closing my eyes.  Don’t kill me or anything.”

 

Damon closed his eyes and sat there with a dumbfounded smirk for what seemed like ages before he heard Bonnie move in front of him.  He could sense her pulse speed up and her heartbeat pound, and he could smell that mix of fresh cut grass and cinnamon that belonged only to her.  He thought about opening his eyes to see what was going on, but he resigned to keep them closed when he felt her hands move to capture his face.  His body shivered in reaction to her touch.  A second later he felt her lips softly press into his own, she was definitely kissing him, tenderly, which he returned in small movements of his lips.  She lingered for only a few seconds and then pulled away.

 

“Sorry.” She said in a breathy voice with their foreheads pressed together. “I promised myself in 1994 to do that one time for myself.  I just needed to know what it felt like.”  Bonnie finished gathering her composure, slowly moving her head away from his.

 

“Bonnie-“ Damon started.

 

“Really Damon, I know that was weird, I just had to do it once.” She cut him off and then made to stand and move away, ending the moment.  As she reached her feet Damon grabbed her hand forcing her to stay near him.  He loved the feel of her hands.

 

“You shouldn’t have done that Bonnie.” He said looking down at the floor.  Everything he knew about Bonnie Bennet was just turned upside down.  He had a thing for her sure, but it almost seemed like forbidden fruit that he would never get to touch.  He had been certain that she wouldn’t want anything to do with him in that way.

 

“I know Damon, I’m sorry.  It won’t happen again.” She said sternly, obviously trying to get him to drop it, maybe even a little hurt by his reaction.

 

Damon lifted his head so he could see the depths of her eyes.  He always did this when he had something important to say to her.  She was glaring at him.  ”That’s not what I meant Bonnie.  Now that you’ve done it, I don’t think I could live without doing it again.”

 

“You what?” She asked.  Her whole face riddled with shock.

 

“Please do it again Bon.” He partially begged, surprising both of them, because he is not a begging man.

 

“You actually want to kiss me?  You have got to be joking Damon.  You and Elena-“ She argued, trying to convince herself more than anyone.

 

He cut her off mid sentence.  “Have been over since right after you got back, she erased me.  You’re stuck in my head Bonnie, and now you’ve gone and kissed me. You obviously wanted to do it, and now I’ll never be able to stop thinking about it.”

 

They were starting to get into one of their arguments, voices raised just a little before Bonnie let out a nervous gasp. “I didn’t think for a second that you would actually enjoy it, that’s why I half tricked you into it.”

 

“Are you insane Bonnie?  Look at you.  You’d never have to trick me into anything.” Damon was almost yelling now.  This is how it always is with them, and like always she would calm him down with just lowering the tone of her voice.

 

“But, what about Elena?  I thought you two were meant to be.” She said softly, curiously.

 

Damon was losing; he always seemed to lose any argument he had with her.  “I thought so too once.  Turns out that wasn’t the case.  You know I’m not the same guy.”

 

“I don’t understand-“ Bonnie started to say before Damon gave up chasing and decided to pull her into his lap.  When they settled Bonnie was straddling Damon on the couch and their faces were inches apart again.

 

“Tell me to stop Bonnie.  If you don’t want me to-“ Damon started before she interrupted him with her lips.  This kiss was not so tender this time, but full of passion and excitement.  They were wrapped up in each other’s tongues and limbs on the couch for what