than to sneak into my bedchamber like a thief."

"I came here to do more than climb in your window." Jared leaned closer, watching with a thrill as Jensen's gaze flickered down to his lips. He paused for a moment and then withdrew, dropping his hand and stepping back. "But if that is all you will give me, I can very well climb back out."

He waited, holding his breath, watching as Jensen's chest rose and fell. When nothing happened, and no further words were said, he lowered his gaze and stepped back. The sting of disappointment was sharper than the tip of Jensen's sword had been as Jared turned towards the window.

"Wait."

Jared kept his expression neutral as he turned back around, feeling the rapid beat of his pulse as he waited to hear Jensen out.

Jensen took one step closer, and then another. He came right up to Jared so that their chests nearly touched. When he lifted his chin, their mouths were close enough that they were sharing the same breath. "You owe me a debt," he said quietly, eyes searching Jared's. "Would you leave without paying it?"

Jared swore his heart skipped a beat at the words. "What would you have me pay?"

Jensen's tongue came out to moisten his lips, leaving them gleaming in the low light. "Whatever you think is fair."

He quirked up the corner of his mouth, clenching his hands into fists to keep from reaching out and taking. "You would leave it up to me to make that judgment? When you have called me a ruffian and a common thief?"

"Not common," Jensen replied in a low voice, and then he was tangling his fingers in Jared's hair and pulling him down into a hard kiss that was everything Jared had been thinking of for the past month.

Jensen's mouth was as soft as he remembered, lips full and lush and yet not yielding. Instead, he pressed back against Jared with a delicious intensity, slanting his mouth against Jared's while using his grip on Jared's hair to hold him in place. In any other situation, Jared would have been wrestling control back into his own hands, remaining in charge here as much as he was on his own ship.

But there was something about Jensen that made Jared want to yield control to him, let the ostensibly shy and reserved governor's son do as he would with him. When Jensen's tongue teased at his lips, Jared willingly let him in, groaning at the soft, slick feel of Jensen exploring his mouth.

His hands were resting gently on Jensen's sides, feeling the heat of his body through thin linen and wanting nothing more than to tear it off and touch the skin beneath. He was starting to sweat again, and when Jensen started to trace down the line of his neck, he could feel the smooth slip of Jensen's fingers across his collarbone and across the open neck of his shirt.

Jared unbuckled his sword and tossed it to the rich Persian carpet beneath their feet. His shirt was next, and the cool breeze coming in through the window felt divine on his sweaty skin, though not as divine as Jensen's hands tracing patterns over his newly-bared shoulders and chest. He caught Jensen's mouth with his again, relishing the slide of their lips together, feeling desire burning hotter inside of him but content to let it build as it may.

When Jensen gently pushed him backward, he acquiesced, shuffling back across the floor until his knees hit the bed. Jensen kept pushing, and he sat back, pulling Jensen after him until they were both sprawled across the fine cotton of Jensen's sheets. "You still haven't told me what my payment should be," Jared murmured, stroking down the long line of Jensen's bare arm.

Jensen watched the movement of Jared's fingers for a moment, his breaths coming faster through his parted lips. Finally, he said, "I think that you should let me touch you."

Jared's own breath stuttered at that, for he had thought of that very thing for many nights alone in his cabin onboard his ship. He had already learned from their last encounter that Jensen was not the shy lad he'd assumed him to be after coming upon him being accosted in an alleyway and pulling three men off of him. But this—this was more than Jared had expected, and he added boldness to the already-long list of intriguing characteristics of his little lord Ackles.

He met Jensen's eyes, long enough to let him see the heat he could feel burning within, and then he laid on his back, spreading his arms and legs wide as a starfish. "As you will, my lord."

There was a pause. Then, "God." The word caught like a moan in Jensen's throat, and then he was moving, straddling Jared's bare torso and running his hands over Jared's chest. He felt up one arm and then down the other,