was holding in his hand. Sadly enough his eyes weren’t covered by a pink cloud. He had nodded when he was asked to the club, but right now he wasn’t even sure why he’d done it. To have fun or to torture his own mind.
‘Careful mate, don’t wanna keep a frown like that on your face, do ya?’
His face shot sideways where he looked into a pair of scorching blue eyes. ‘Sorry I didn’t mean to scare you.’ The guy smiled apologetically and he could hear an Irish accent that lifted the words up into something foreign. 

The guy still looked at him but stopped smiling when he didn’t respond to the words. His face shot in a confused stare but he still introduced himself in a polite manner. ‘Me name is Niall.’
‘Louis.’ The answer was short and the guy named Niall still had a look of utter confusion on his face. He rapidly explained himself, not wanting to annoy the only person that had spoken to him this evening. ‘The name is Louis, Louis Tomlinson.’ The blonde haired boy smiled widely at those words and suddenly the dark room seemed a lot brighter.
‘Nice to meet ya, love.’ Louis smiled back, maybe this evening could be so much better than expected.

                                                                                      -
‘It’s not possible.’ Niall exclaimed with exaggerated movements. The had fell into an easy conversation about their hobbies, screaming a bit to hear each other over the loud music.  ‘They have hated each other since they were twelve, those idiots can’t be in love. ‘ He shook his head in indignation. ‘Of course it’s possible, did you feel the chemistry between them in every film.’ Niall was still shaking his head. ‘No, Harry Potter in a relationship with Draco Malfoy, definitely a no.’ Louis rolled his eyes. ‘Well I think -.’ A cough interrupted his sentence and as soon as he looked up  he saw the radiant green eyes.
Louis kept staring until another cough disturbed him. ‘Y- yes, Niall this is Harry, Harry as you could just hear, this is Niall.’  Harry nodded and sent a quick smile towards Niall but turned back again to Louis with a frown. ' Why are you sitting here, Lou?' An awkward grin appeared on Louis'  face. ' Because I'm talking to Ni here.'  He pointed at Niall’s face. Harry's frown turned into a scowl and he certainly looked displeased. ' So it's Ni now, well I'm glad you two seem to get along.'  The sarcasm dripped off his voice and with a sharp turn he left, running right into her arms. Louis could only blink stupidly after Harry’s disappearance, he'd never known this side of Harry Styles, the ugly side. A soft giggle disrupted his thoughts and he suddenly realized that Niall was sitting there, giggling like a fool with a face as red as a lobster.' What?'  Louis eyes widened comically. ' Why are you laughing?'  Niall only started hiccupping after those words and Louis looked even more confused. ' Are you okay, this isn't because of Harry being rude, is it? Because I know he's no-'  Niall simply interrupted his apologies. ' You re-really don't have a clue, do ya?'  The words sounded breathless thanks to the constant giggling. ' I do, what?'  Niall just grinned widely. 'mate, he’s so jealous he almost looked green, love are you sure you're not dating?'
And that remark was like a knife stabbed into his heart.
Louis’ face paled even more even though the lights didn't change and his eyes dropped to the floor. He knew he loved Harry with whole his heart and he knew his love was unrequited. So why had Niall said those words, it hurt because they broke down the walls that he had built and he could feel that tiny flicker of hope inside him. He smiled bitterly. Niall, noticing the way the grey eyes dropped to the ground, hooked a finger under Louis’ chin and slowly lifted his face. ' You want him.' It wasn't a question but a statement. Louis knew he could do exactly as before, hide until Harry came knocking at his door until everything was normal again. But he knew that if he admitted it to anyone other than himself that it would be definite and nothing would be the same again.' So much.'
' He wants you-.'  He quickly put a hand over Niall's mouth. ' Do- don't say that, please.'  A whimper escaped his lips and he looked a little terrified. ' Don't give me hope so it can be destroyed later.'  Niall's eyes widened. ' I have your number, we're going to talk this week, you and me in a calm environment and you're going to talk.'  Louis nodded, his resolve  completely destroyed. Niall smiled happily. ' Let's go and get ya drunk, before this whole evening