, for now."

"For now?" Jet frowns, "I thought you accepted it long ago?"

"That was then." Zuko hums, he throws a leg over Jet's waist and pulls himself up, he pins Jet's wrists to the bed, "Now, I want to feel you ~ ."

Jet gulps, "What are you - ?"

"I believe you said I could top ~ ."

"Oh - ,"

"Don't worry ~ ," Zuko smirks, "I'll be good to you ~ ."


oOo


Grumbling to himself, Zuko arches his back in hopes he'll be able to relieve some of the pressure put there due to the fact that he and Lang had to lug that damned animal carcass back by themselves since Jet had taken the others to stake out some Fire Nation patrol, or whatever, Zuko hadn't really been paying attention considering he and Jet had woken after a rather splendid night of sex – that and he'd been enjoying the sight of Jet trying to walk without that limp.

"Yo, Zuko." Lang's voice cut through his train of thought,

"Huh?'

"I hear Jet brought some company over, why don't you go help them out." Lang begins, "I'll finish up here."

Zuko asks, "You sure?"

"Yeah, all because I'm missing a hand doesn't mean I'm useless." Lang snorts,

"I – no! No! That's not what I - ,"

Lang chuckles, "Yeah, I know what you mean."

"Are they new members?" Zuko asks, watching Lang skin the animal with his clawed gauntlet,

"I dunno – one of them's the Avatar from what I hear."

"The Avatar?" Zuko murmurs.

Instantly, he takes off, causing Lang's brows to knit from confusion at his sudden interest but merely shrugs it off, continuing with his task, he'd be a little interested in seeing the Avatar too if he hadn't already seen him – Zuko jumps over the rope railing, landing heavily upon a bridge below with a loud thump, straightening himself up, he spots Jet's familiar figure as well as three newcomers, one he instantly recognized as the Avatar.

This story is rather popular on fanfiction.net and I don't know why - I do not own Avatar the Last Airbender

"The Avatar." Zuko breathes, eyes trained upon the figure in monk's clothing.

What surprises the firebender is realizing just how young the kid was, sure, he'd seen those ridiculous wanted posters around the town the Fire Nation had taken over so he knew just what the Avatar looked like, but Spirits, the kid was no older than Zuko!

Before the teen can even consider getting the Avatar's attention as he zips by on one of the many zip-lines they have around the hideout, someone calls out to him, looking over the edge of the walkway he was currently standing upon, he spots Jet, two newcomers dressed in blue, and the rest of the Freedom Fighter gang, all of them are looking at him expectedly. Casting one final glance in the Avatar's direction, Zuko sighs, he might as well get into the two newcomers' good graces before he can even consider breaching the subject of becoming the kid's firebending teacher. Slipping underneath the rope railing, he pushes off the ledge and lands with a muffled thud just before the group, straightening himself up, his gaze is caught by that of another boy seemingly around his age, Water Tribe by the looks of it, blue eyes filled with suspicion – Jet maneuvers himself through the group, a Water Tribe girl following closely after.

"This here," Jet begins, gesturing towards Zuko, "Is Zuko; close friend to the Freedom Fighters and my better half ~ ."

"Hey." Zuko greets a little lamely,

"Hi," the Water Tribe girl steps up, "My name's Katara, and this is my brother, Sokka, and, Aang's somewhere around here."

"I could have introduced myself!" the boy, Sokka, huffs indignantly.

"Oh, I didn't think you would." Katara admits timidly.

The way her eyes slide towards Jet, as if looking for his reaction, says it all, she was hooked, Zuko casts a nonchalant gaze towards Jet who wore a fond smile, except that smile wasn't directed at him, no, it was at the girl. Something twists inside him until he sees movement out of the corner his right peripheral, turning to see what it is, he finds himself face to face with Sokka, said boy currently studying Zuko as though he were some sort of animal, this causes the latter to shift his weight from foot to foot.

"You're eyes," Sokka begins, face inching closer to Zuko's noses barely touching, "They're distinctly firebender," he finally moves out of Zuko's personal space, "You wouldn't happen to be from the Fire Nation would you?"

"I uh –