s room. As soon as he entered he collapsed on his bed, sighing. His roommate was everything Shino had hoped he wouldn't be. Putting his head in his hands, he groaned and laid down on his side. He fell asleep that way, not even taking off his dark glasses. 

||||

Kiba groaned. "He seemed like such a presumptuous nerd! How the hell am I gonna live with this guy?"
Hinata smiled reassuringly at him. "It'll be okay. I-I'm sure you'll find some middle ground."
He sighed. "Are you really, though? And what's with those weird glasses?"
"I don't know." Hinata shrugged.
"Who knows? If anything he's weird. But," he said, a cruel grin spreading across his face, "at least I won't need to worry about any parties."

Hello! I'm very happy to say there's a new chapter! I'm sorry I couldn't post it earlier.

I apologize greatly, once again, if anything's offensive. Please, PLEASE tell me if it is!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

That night when Kiba returned to his dorm, he found Shino at his desk, working on some sort of project. Looking over his shoulder, he could see Shino scribbling in a notebook with a cramped, precise script. Shino jumped when he noticed Kiba, turning in his seat.
"Sorry to scare you," he said apologetically. Shino nodded hesitantly, shoving his hands in his pockets. Kiba noticed that he hadn't seen his hands before, and found himself wondering why he wanted to see them again.
"I have no idea how you can wear a coat in here, it's been super hot lately," Kiba continued, trying to initiate some sort of conversation. Anything but the awkward silence they'd been having.
"I'm used to it, I guess." Shino seemed to be looking down, but it was hard to tell since all Kiba could see were the reflections on his dark glasses.
"Is it hot where you're from?" Kiba asked. He earned a shrug in response. Starting to get annoyed, he snapped, "Do you hate me or something?"
Shino gaped before recomposing himself. "No, why?"
Strangely excited from eliciting a reaction from the Aburame, Kiba continued. "Well, let's see," he offered. "You've barely talked to me at all, you don't SEEM to make eye contact... In fact, you've talked to my friend more than your own roommate."
Shino looked hurt. "That's not your fault..." He said, almost too quietly for Kiba to hear. He sighed, flopping down on Shino's bed and putting his head in his hands. "So that's just what you're like, then? You're just that antisocial?"
Shino nodded miserably, and Kiba grinned. "That's okay, then! I was just worried you didn't like me."
Shino nodded once. "Anything else you're intent on knowing?"
"Oh, we're getting snarky now, are we? Fine then. Why do you wear dark glasses indoors?" Kiba asked, grinning.
"My eyes are sensitive to light. It's called photophobia," Shino explained. "It makes it so light hurts my eyes, and it's somewhat hard to see."
Kiba grimaced. "That must suck."
Shino shrugged. "I'm used to it."
Kiba glanced at his phone for the time. "Well, it's getting to that time. Naruto and Sasuke are having a party tonight, if you wanna come?"
Shino weighed his options. On the one hand, he was exhausted, and had just been planning on going to bed. On the other, it might be a good idea to meet some of Kiba's friends and see if he could make some of his own. It was unlikely, but he might as well try. "Well, alright."
Kiba grinned. "Great! You can always get Hinata to walk you home early if you want."
Shino nodded, stashing this information for later.
"Do you need to get anything first? There'll be food there, so you don't need to worry about that." Kiba saw Shino shake his head. "'Kay. Let's go, then." 

||||

Shino quickly saw why no one had caught on to Naruto and Sasuke's party. Their dorm was one of the farthest from the center of the campus. Luckily, it didn't look like a very loud party. He'd felt anxious since he'd first agreed. He was clenching his fists in his pockets to stop them from shaking, though no one but he would know. He cleared his throat.
"Will there be... alcohol at this party?" He asked slowly.
Kiba chuckled. "Inevitably. Avoid Lee and Temari. You would