before she could stop herself, choke it back, and pretend to smile, she was screaming at the top of her lungs.

Before Lydia even pulled up to her house, Malia was outside, waiting. She had heard.

By now, she knew Lydia did not like to be held. Not all the time. Especially not in moments like this.

Malia said nothing, like Lydia did. She just gave her a place to stay. She gave her warmth.

She gave her home.

By the end of the night, once Lydia finished her tea, Malia offered up her bed. Lydia looked surprised, then decided differently. She smiled softly, sadly, and allowed Malia to walk her to her room.

“If you need anything, I’m on the couch.” Malia’s eyes flickered from Lydia to the door, and then shut off her lights. She had to say it.

“We still love you, you know.”

Lydia gave no response, but that was okay. She knew she heard it. If she hadn’t, there would have been a rebuttal.

It was okay that she didn’t want to talk about it. Malia understood.

She didn’t really want to talk about her mom or her sister, either. So at 1 AM, when the voices finally quieted, she let her own new best friend sleep.

Panther Beach was rocky by its waters. It was beautiful.

It was a getaway day. Away from the boys, from Beacon Hills, and they were off to the warmth of the sun and the crashing waves of Santa Cruz.

It was just Malia and Lydia. Again. Kira left last week for New York, but Lydia had been growing closer to her, too.

She really did love Kira and thought highly of her, no matter the words she let leave her mouth. She was a katana wielding, beautiful bad ass; no one could take that away from her.

Kira, Scott, and Malia made such a great team that sometimes she like she couldn’t help. She always tried, though. Even if all she had were voices.

“Stop thinking about it,” Malia said, coming up from behind her. She poked her in the sides, and Lydia slapped away her hands.

“Fine. But I’m not going in the water. Northern California’s water is way too cold.”

“Suit yourself.” Malia gave her a silly grin. “But I’m going in there.”

“When you catch a nasty cold, I’m not saving you! Nor am I giving you my towel!”

Malia was already rushing into the waves by the time Lydia could get her words out. Damn, she was fast.

“I don’t need your damn towel!” Malia said cockily. Even from a distance, Lydia could still catch sight of her big, beautiful grin.

As Malia kicked her way through the sand and the waves, coming upon seashells, Lydia eventually stopped watching her. Soon enough, she was going to burn.

Fuck.

She applied as much sunscreen as possible, her horribly pale skin susceptible to the wrath of UV rays, and lost track of where Malia had gone.

She looked up, searching for her all around. Lydia looked behind her, but she was nowhere to be found.

“Lydia!” she heard a cry.

Lydia shot up off of her towel, running right toward the waves. She strained her eyes to search the sea, where the waves were getting bigger and bigger and crashing onto the shore.

“Malia!” she called. She strained her voice louder to find her, but there was nothing.

She saw her then, being swallowed whole by the sea.

“No, no, no…” Lydia muttered to herself. But she didn’t need to be told to dive right into the freezing water.

She swam as fast as she could, legs numb from the bite of the water, to get back Malia.

“Malia!” she screamed, calling for her lost friend. Until she saw her, right beside her, and took Malia tightly by her arm. “Hold onto me,” she said hoarsely. “Hold onto me like your life depends on it.”

“It does,” Malia said, choking on the last bit of water, and kicking her legs like Lydia was.

Once they reached the shore, they were both trembling. Around each other, against each other, and while they were wrapped in Lydia’s towel.

“Don’t I have my own?” Malia asked, tugging Lydia’s towel closer around them.

“Yeah, but… here, we have body heat.” Lydia hissed through her teeth, turning toward her. “Don’t wolves know how to swim?”

“Werecoyote, first of all, and…” Malia smiled bashfully. “Not this one.”

Lydia smacked her shoulder playfully, though she really was scared, and Malia could sense it. But this time, she kept quiet. She was here now, and soon enough, Lydia wouldn’t be scared.

“I still want to tan, you