head to get a better look at the cat who sat outside the front door. "Aw, babe. What are you doing out here? God, you're a mess?" Gemma said, noticing Olivia's scruffy and muddy appearance. She picked the cat up and tried to open the door, only to find that it was locked. "Has he locked you out here?! The little bast... Harry!" She knocked. "Harry? It's Gemma... Fine." She sighed and got her own set of keys out to open the door. Once open, she let Olivia happily walk in first. "Harry w-" Gemma stood against the door frame, looking at the completely trashed room before her. She frowned and took a small step inside. "Harry?" Her black ankle boots being the only sound against the wooden floor boards. Gemma walked carefully, not being able to tear her eyes away from the mess that the lounge was in. Walking through the entire house, she noticed that all the rooms were like this. Furniture, broken dishes, whatever could be picked up, thrown and broken.

















She stopped at the staircase as something told her not to go up there.

















"Liv. Where's Haz?" She bent to ask the cat who was more interested in preening herself. Gemma got out her phone and dialled Harry's number. A muffled song could be heard coming from upstairs but Gemma waited to see if he would pick up before she moved. When nothing happened she cut the call and phoned her parents, explaining the odd scenario. She then texted Niall to explain it to him too and only once that was done, did she head upstairs. "Harry," Her soft and calming voice bounced off the walls. His bedroom door was open - all of them were, but none of them were trashed, unlike downstairs. She walked into the room and still, there was no Harry. However, she did find his phone as well as his laptop. He would never abandon his phone no matter how far or how long he would go away - no one would - and that's what set of the next set of warning bells in Gemma's mind.

















Sitting on the edge of the bed, she pulled the laptop towards her and turned it on. She also grabbed his phone to see all of her messages and missed calls as well as those from his friends. Once his laptop was on, the first thing Gemma saw was his word document. Specifically, his book that he had been working on. Gemma scrolled and scrolled, reading bits and pieces of what Harry had typed. This was not his novel - at least not what he had so eagerly and cheerfully emailed Gemma months ago to ask of her opinion. Her eyes filled with tears and she covered her mouth as she realised what he had typed.
His grief, paranoia, and, decent into madness.
It made Gemma feel uneasy, so much so that she was almost convinced that whatever was 'after' Harry would be after her. She quickly got up, taking Harry's phone, laptop and Olivia before heading out of the cabin. Before getting into her car, she checked Harry's car to find that, just like the house, it was safely locked. A sob ripped through her as she sat down in the safety of her own car. Fear and confusion held onto her like a vice grip. She placed Olivia in the seat next to her and looked around the still scenery. Her shaky hands held her cellphone as she dialled her parents again and then the police. Once done speaking to him she looked through her windshield up dark green trees that competed with each other to see could be closer to the dull grey sky. 

















"God, Harry. Where are you?"

















"I don't know mum, the whole cabin just gave me an off vibe as soon as I stepped foot in it. I thought someone had broken in because of the mess downstairs but all of Harry's stuff was still there. I don't know where he could be but I know that something's wrong – he would never go anywhere without his phone. Remember he left your birthday party to drive 45 minutes back to his place just to get it? It's not some careless mistake." Gemma cried as she spoke to her mother.

"Gemma, love, calm down. You know how Harry's been with his book and since the accident."

"I know. And that's the sad thing. We knew he had been changing and we didn't do a thing to help him – I'm his sister for God's sake I should have tried harder! I should have been there for him!

Anne was literally shaking on the other end but forced herself to stay strong. "Have the police arrived yet?"

"No. You know how far this place is." She replied in a dull voice and looked around the vast amount of land to see if anyone was there.

"Well, Gem, if they don't arrive in the next half an hour