final nail in the coffin was when Princess Gertrude accused her of shrinking all her dresses in the laundry,” the woman to England’s right finished explaining.

“I’m sure those chocolate cakes she eats at midnight had nothing to do with it,” the lad who handled the milk deliveries snarked.

“Poor Fatima,” another added.

“At least she didn’t have hot tea dumped on her like Brooke.”

“What a waste of tea.”

“Mr. Eller.”

“I hear they gave her a nice check to keep her quiet,” the woman on England’s right whispered as a hush fell over the servant’s dining room.

“Mr. Eller.”

It wasn’t until Mandy elbowed him that England remembered he was supposed to be Mr. Eller. He looked up mid-bite to find an upper servant staring at him while everyone else watched.

“Come with me,” the man commanded. England jerked up out of his chair and followed unwillingly on the man’s heels. He grit his teeth, annoyed that he had been forced to leave behind the last bites of his toast and half a mug of tea.

As they continued up staircases and along grand hallways, England’s seething resentment turned into concern. They were heading toward the royal family’s bedrooms, and that meant the Queen had something planned for him. He knew, with certainty that went to the very marrow of his bones, that he wasn’t going to like it.

Male servants were barred from entering the Queen’s bedroom. Instead, the servant led him to a small study near her chambers. England was ushered inside as the servant announced, “Mr. Eller, your majesty,” and took a deep bow.

As they entered, Queen Lucille swiveled around in her desk chair and arched an elegant eyebrow. England stood completely still and stared right back at her.

“Bow!” the upper servant hissed at England.

England rolled his eyes and dipped his head the tiniest fraction while maintaining insolent eye contact with the Queen. She kept a neutral expression and dismissed the other servant. Once he was gone, the Queen chuckled. “You are a feisty one, aren’t you? No wonder we conquered so much of the globe.”

Turning his forced silence into an insult, England studiously ignored her and instead looked around the room. The oak paneling and bookshelves reminded him of his own office. He gazed forlornly at the handsome leather volumes in mint condition that lined the bookshelves. Was that a First Edition Encyclopedia Britannica? It looked like it had never been opened! What a pity to let so many books go to waste. The volumes in his office were well cared for, but had started to show their age after decades of use. Unlike his books, these books were nothing more than unread props.

“Look at me,” Queen Lucille snapped, forcing his eyes back to her face. “I didn’t have you brought up here so you could disrespect me.”

England gave her an unimpressed look. Although he couldn’t fight her, he could still annoy, irritate, vex, pique, and nettle her. Even when forced to bow physically, he would never bow in spirit.

“You’re almost more trouble than you’re worth,” she complained as she returned to sorting through her mail. “Other countries keep trying to contact you. One even sent his ambassador to deliver a note.”

She waved a cream-colored envelope with an address written in elegant copperplate script in front of his face. England frowned as he tried to decipher the return address, but the Queen returned the envelope to the pile before he could finish reading. Who was trying so hard to reach him? Certainly it wasn’t America. The handwriting was far too nice. Nor would America send him ‘snail mail.’ Or even care that England had disappeared from the face of the Earth.

Knowing it was a male personification didn’t narrow down the options. England wondered whether it was his brothers and then decided it would be worse becoming their servant. He knew with absolute certainly that if any of the three found out about the obedience potion, they would enjoy abusing those powers to the hilt.

“I wanted more help in the palace, but Scotland was very rude,” the Queen continued, oddly following England’s line of thought. “All this Scottish Independence nonsense has made him less obedient than he ought to be.” She sighed. “And Wales only speaks gibberish.”

For once, the command of silence lined up with England’s wishes. He knew perfectly well that Wales could speak languages other than Welsh. Still, he had no desire to share that information with his nasty monarch.

“But enough of that,” she said, flicking her wrist. “I have a new task for you. I’m sending Gertie and Hetty to a six-week finishing course in Switzerland. Technically they’re not allowed to bring servants, but I’ve discovered a loophole.” She smirked. “They agreed to let me send a bodyguard, and I have one who will also obey all