couldn’t help himself, a glint in his eyes and a giddy smile on his face as he applauded. God, he was lucky Dean wasn’t around to see him being such a fanboy.

A stray thought passed his mind that he wanted to see Gadreel’s every performance from now on.

When he left the building, his chest felt heavy with songs and blue-grey eyes. The November night was quite chilly, snow likely to follow in the oncoming days- Sam was in no hurry though, hands in his coat pockets as he hummed through his slow walk home. He was unwilling to leave his fantasy world so quickly, and to wake up the next morning with Gadreel Shurley’s features blurred.

It was past midnight now, the streets mostly empty due to the cold. Still, dreamy hazel eyes caught another tall figure by the bridge, leaning onto the rail and just staring out into the city, seemingly not going anywhere soon. Everyone had their own fantasy world they didn’t wish to leave yet, it seemed- tomorrow was Monday after all. Sam continued his gentle humming as he passed by the man.

A soft chuckle made him stop. “I take it you enjoyed the show, sir?”

Sam turned his head so fast he might have pulled something. Oh, but there he was- tonight’s crush, smiling at him gently with soft, tired eyes. Despite the shadows on his face from the street lamp, he was even more handsome so close. 

The lawyer must have gone to bed already, and dreaming now. He couldn’t help his giddy chuckle -“God Sammy, such a fangirl!”- as he shifted nervously on his feet and tried to compose himself. “Ah yes, you have no idea! I-I mean. Congratulations, it was wonderful.”


‘S wonderful


Man, he needed to chill. 

The actor’s smile only grew, causing a miss in Sam’s heartbeat. “I am glad you had a nice time.”

Out of stage, Gadreel’s true voice was even more pleasant to hear; a lower, velvety timbre, still almost melodic while not singing. “You sing so beautifully,” Sam found himself saying. “Your voice is really pleasant to the ear. Not that I’m an expert on such things, but just. Marvelous performance, truly.”


‘S marvelous


The singing in his head didn’t stop, and now he was rambling. Great. The actor had to be sick of such reactions, and he was probably exhausted after the show. Still, that soft gaze didn’t leave Sam’s; he didn’t look bored at all. There was humble gratitude, maybe even a little confusion in blue-grey eyes. 

“Thank you. It means a lot to hear people’s output.” He held his hand out. “Gadreel Shurley. Thank you again, for watching.”

Sam barely awoke from his haze in time to take the handshake. “Sam Winchester. It was really my pleasure.”

Being tall men, they both had large palms that fit nicely, though Sam was a little ashamed of his sweaty hand against Gadreel’s cooler one. The man didn’t seem bothered; his gentle gaze bore into Sam’s with surprising interest from a slightly lower angle. He was just a little shorter than his eager spectator, but definitely more built under his coat.

Sam was definitely not thinking about that.

*

God almighty, it wasn’t often that Gadreel was approached by a man taller than himself, and so damn gorgeous. And how he praised; just how much adoration those beautiful hazel eyes held… Gadreel wasn’t used to this at all. He was just the third lead –his biggest role in in the business so far- and usually overlooked due to his average dancing skill, although he was quite fair at singing and acting. Broadway was all or nothing.

Yet here was this cute, handsome gentleman- with his sweaty hands and blushing cheeks and humming one of Gadreel’s songs. He remembered glimpsing the unusually tall figure standing up first to applaud him, though the dark had prevented him from seeing the face properly. Now, he did. 

Oh how he did.

“Do you watch musicals often, Mr. Winchester?”

Sam nodded eagerly with a shine in his eyes, like a giant puppy. “Oh yeah, as often as I can. I’m a lawyer actually, but I enjoy musicals very much. Of course, that has nothing to do with me being a lawyer.” He chuckled nervously, tilting his head in embarrassment at his rambling. 

Gadreel couldn’t help but chuckle genuinely at the sight, noting with delight how Sam’s face got redder at that. “Musicals are for everyone. It is nice of you to spend your free time such a way- you must be quite busy in the day.”

His little big fan scratched at his neck shyly. “It can be overwhelming sometimes, but Broadway is therapeutic honestly. I look forward to every new show.” He looked up at Gadreel beneath his lashes