that would comfortably fit John.  It was a consolation, though, to know that John had a gun, that he would be protected from some of the things and most of the people that Sherlock had unwisely allowed into his Mind Palace.

So this was what recovery meant.  This John here in his Mind Palace was the one who queried what Sherlock said and did, who angrily challenged him and swore at him.  He was the John whom he’d been before Sherlock’s fall, the John who Sherlock thought he’d always wanted, the strong one to run beside him and fight against him all in the same instant.

But he loved the needy John of his absence, too, regretted leaving him behind and wanted to take away the damage he’d caused, because it was still there buried deeply underneath the bravado.

He loved that strong, capable man and had missed him.  But the new John, the needy one, desired him in ways that the stronger John from the past would never admit to.  And he found he liked it.  So he was startled to realise that he wanted to carry on being John’s Dominant.  If he could make a man like John kneel for him, reach for him so eagerly and follow his instruction, he must have been doing something right.  For a split-second he was proud of himself.

But he should have been able to deduce why John stayed with him even under their current circumstances, he thought angrily.  His powers of deduction, as usual, had been ineffective when it came to this man.  In that respect he reminded Sherlock of The Woman.

He suddenly realised that he’d seen nothing of Irene Adler in here.  She simply wasn’t there, although he had the feeling she used to be.  He wasn’t to know why, but the truth of it was that the John here in his Mind Palace had managed to arrange for the talented singer and courtesan to embark on an extended opera tour.  A world tour during which she had met a charming and adventurous woman in Australia and wouldn’t be back.

Sherlock didn’t know about it, because John was very good at keeping that particular secret and that in turn was because there wasn’t a single aspect of Sherlock’s life that John didn’t want to be involved in.

John didn’t know how to build his own Mind Palace with its own Sherlock Holmes in it, and if he was being truthful he didn’t even want to.  He already knew the trappings that Sherlock had created, the violin and the shelves full of books and case notes, the beloved pet of his childhood years.  They were all things that Sherlock thought he needed.  Even the smiling, treasured photo of John himself on the closed lid of the piano representing Sherlock’s unseen love for him would never be enough.  John didn’t want to be dispossessed and bereft any longer.

~~~

There was a ‘real’ John out there and Sherlock hoped this figment John would never be aware enough to ask “Do you love him more than me?” because he knew now what his answer would be.  But that figment was only his own version of John, after all, the one he’d created to suit himself, to offer comfort to himself.  It had little to do with who John actually was.

Even as he thought it through the two sides of John slowly came together to form the whole.  Sherlock didn’t have to look for either one of them further than the man sleeping in the chair out there in the sitting room.  It was simple.  Not clever, maybe, but inevitable.  Perhaps it was time to return to John, whichever one was there to be found.

~~~

221b:

Closing the front door of his Mind Palace he came back to the sitting room to watch John sleeping, not entirely peacefully.  John muttered softly under his breath and twitched a little in his sleep.  Sherlock wanted to wake him with new knowledge to impart and just as he couldn’t bear it any longer John’s eyes opened mid-sigh and he was suddenly under scrutiny.

"Sherlock,” John smiled vaguely, scrubbing at his short hair.  “Did you work it out?”

This was perhaps the most significant moment in their entire relationship.  It was probably not what John might have been expecting, but Sherlock knew he had solved something right here that was far more important than any murder.  The man would still be dead tomorrow and tomorrow he would devote his entire being to doing what he could to make sure that the poor soul had the full measure of justice that he was due.

“Do you know why they never worked out?” Sherlock asked.  “All those women, all those years?”  He waited but there was no answer.  “It’s because they weren’t me.”

‘Talk about a monster ego’, John thought.

“ Whatever substance souls are constructed of, John,” Sherlock went on, simply and honestly, “yours and mine are the same and quite familiar to one another.”

It certainly wasn’t what John had been expecting,