he shrugged his shoulders but he was a little breathless when he spoke, “It’s just a body Cas’, nothin’ special.”

Castiel pulled the buckle on Dean’s jeans, then proceeded to unbutton them. “I disagree. I find your body in particular to be special and I intend to prove it tonight.” He had just slid Dean’s jeans down, attempting to figure out how to get his boots off. Now that Cas had taken the jeans down, sense flooded back into Dean’s brain. The problem was Castiel didn’t so much slide off the bed to get at Dean’s boots as he did flop off sort-of sideways and recover quickly. That reminded Dean in big neon letters across his mind CAS IS DRUNK. Dean was many things, most of them left him in the ‘questionable morals’ category, but he didn’t sleep with people who were drunk. He could be drunk, hell, he could be wasted, but they had to be on the same level of intoxication as he was and Cas wasn’t. Dean ran both hands slowly all the way up his own face and back down again and said in a voice that seemed small even to him, “Cas.”

Cas had succeeded in getting one boot off and was working on the other. He slid his hand across Dean’s thigh making Dean tremble and said, “Just give me one second.” Dean fought his mind long enough for Cas to get his other boot off and slide his jeans cleanly off his body. Cas stood and swayed triumphant. Dean bit his lip and yelled at his own mind ‘okay fine!’ “Cas, we uh...“ Dean had to get off that bed. He couldn’t have that take lying beneath Cas. He stood up and ran his hand through his hair. He turned around and Cas was right behind him.

Cas pressed him against the wall. “You were saying something, Dean?” Dean cleared his throat. He gripped Cas’ shirt so he wouldn’t grip Cas. He gripped so hard he tore open the front. Buttons flew everywhere. Cas moaned low in his throat and pinned Dean’s arms to the wall. He began kissing his neck, “Guess you want to play ‘hunter’ tonight, huh, Dean?”

Dean hit his head against the wall behind him in frustration and lust, “Oh, fuck me!”

Castiel's smile was feral, “That can be arranged, but I’m afraid we will have to go back to the bed for that.” Cas released Dean’s arms so he could drop to his knees in front of Dean.

Dean was mumbling, “Words… there were words I was supposed to be saying.” Cas went to take off Dean’s boxer-briefs and he finally got a hold of himself, “Cas, wait. Stop. We… uh… we… need to sober you up damn fast.”

Castiel rocked back on his ankles and looked up at Dean. He tilted his head to the side and squinted. “I’m barely even drunk.”

Dean sat down on the ottoman near the door to the bathroom and Cas got up and sat on the matching chair. Dean leveled with Cas, “Okay. Here’s the thing. I don’t fuck someone who’s more fucked up on alcohol then me.” Dean spread his hands wide as if that summed it all up perfectly.

Cas knelt his chin on his three fingers, “If that were really true wouldn’t it be easier for you to drink more?”

Dean grabbed the sides of Cas’ legs and pulled sliding the ottoman with him on it so that Cas was positioned between Dean’s legs. “Alright smartass, how about this, I won’t fuck you if you’re drunk. No pun intended, but I won’t do you like that Cas. You’re too important”

Cas leaned in and said, “Dean… does it feel tired in here or is that just me?” Dean laughed

“Okay, buttercup, but you owe me when you wake up. And I’m not just talking about sex either I want coffee and pie.”

Dean helped Cas out of the remaining shoes and slacks he had on leaving him in a pair of boxers. He rolled up the slacks and tossed them in the corner. Cas follow the trajectory of the pants. “Dean, what will I wear without a shirt or pants to get you this coffee and pie you requested?”

Dean yawned and pulled Cas up against him spooning. A position Cas found he liked very much. He pulled the covers over both of them and as he was shutting off the light he said, “You can wear something of mine, bags by the door.”

 

Sorry took so long to get back in here. Technical difficulties. Looks like this will be a fic after all and not a one-shot. lol

Cas wakes up when he hears a ticking sound, followed by a scrape and then music begins to fill the room, it's upbeat tempo pounds in sync