stand up, your very limbs creaking by being in motion after hours of stillness, and cautiously open the door. On the ground, face pressed flat against the rough carpet and shades neatly sitting on the top of his head, lies Dave.

You quickly drop to your knees, heart thumping in your throat, and your fingers fumble around the nape of his neck. You finally press your fingertips against a soft spot and feel the steady pulsing of blood beneath his skin. You release the breath you didn’t know you were holding—and then you begin to wonder what exactly made your boyfriend collapse outside your room at one in the morning.You’re about to shake his shoulder when he shifts and turns his head toward you, his visible eye dark brown in the dimness.

“What the fuck are you doing? You probably woke up everyone with your crashing,” you hiss, quietly. You and Dave have gotten plenty of complaints from querulous downstairs neighbors about the ruckus you both cause.

He doesn’t reply for a moment, his breathing slow and his eyes half-closed. “S’rry,” he finally mumbles, and you recognize the lethargy smeared over his voice like thick condiments over toast. “‘m tired.”

You frown at him, reaching  up a hand to let your fingers comb through his hair. His eyes flutter shut at this. “Did something happen?” you ask.

He moves his head a fraction of an inch to both sides. “J’st a long day. ‘m fine.”

 ”Far from it,” you snort with a quick roll of your eyes. “Alright, asshole, get your bum up and into bed if you’re so exhausted.”

“No.”

“No?”

“Shower,” he mutters determinedly. You stare at him, but his eyes are still shut and he looks asleep. You groan. Ever since he’s gotten a job at a nightclub, Dave has made a point to take a shower every night after he comes back to rid the lingering fumes of smoke from his body because you absolutely detest the smell. He’d often wake you up while crawling into bed by the damp strands of his hairs, as they’d often brush against your neck and jolt you out of sleep.

“It can wait until tomorrow holy shit—I promise I won’t complain. Get your ass to bed,” you say. His eyebrows knit together by a millimeter.

“No,” he repeats.

He’s insufferable, but you love him. “Can you even stand?” you demand.

He doesn’t reply for a moment, either lost in dreamland or contemplating your question. Perhaps both. “Bath,” he finally replies, his voice more of an exhale of breath than anything.

You press your palm against your face and think. Dave will drown himself if he takes a bath in this condition, but if you don’t let him he’d anchor himself to where he is now and sleep on the cruddy carpet. You’re considering the third option when the fucking mindereader, in a small, hopeful voice, suggests, “You come with?”

Fuck. His broken English wins, and you stand up to get the bath water running. You pour in some colorful bath salts, the ones that Dave’s sister gave you because they performed aromatherapy and she believes that they can aid you in one way or another, and raise the temperature of the water to the way Dave likes it.

You return to the hallway to find that Dave has managed to get himself up into a sitting position. He’s leaning against the wall, his eyes shut closed, but he feels your footsteps and cracks an eye open. You offer him your hands and he takes them, and for a second you actually believe that he might just be able to stand up by himself but he drapes himself over you like a overgrown child and you have to half-drag him backwards into the bathroom.

He leans against a wall as you undress him, and you have a feeling that he’s actually enjoying himself so, once he’s completely naked, you dump him into the bathtub without warning. He surfaces, sputtering questions, but by then you’re undressing yourself and completely ignoring him. You lower yourself into the water with him, slick skin meeting skin and you almost lose your balance while trying not to step on a limb or two. The tub’s obviously not meant for two, so you both displace plenty of water as you shift around to get comfortable, and you inwardly curse at the sound of water splashing onto the ceramic floor. Fuck--but he leans against your torso, the back of his damp head resting against your throat, and you forget it.

Wordlessly, you reach for the pink bottle of shampoo that Dave specifically uses and pump two squirts of it onto your palm. Accustomed to this ritual, Dave scoots a few inches lower into the water so that you can begin lathering the shampoo into his hair. You watch his eyelids flutter shut as your fingers card through his hair, massaging his scalp with your fingertips