with Sam or Bucky. That much of his demeanor was already in place.

Natasha closed the door behind them without, seemingly, a response, and Bucky looked up at Sam.

 "So, um, Miss Romanoff," Steve peered up at her. She wasn’t trying to hold his hand, which he appreciated, she kept both hands tucked into the pockets of her leather jacket and walked slowly enough for him to be careful with his bare feet. "How do you know Bucky?"

"Nat," she corrected. "Natasha, if you’re going to insist, which, knowing you, you will. I don’t know Bucky. I know you."

"How?" Steve frowned skeptically. "How do I have friends that don’t know Bucky?"

Natasha frowned slowly, shaking her head. “He told you there was a war, right? And you were both in it?”

Steve nodded, and Natasha relaxed.

"You got separated during the war," she said carefully. "You didn’t come home together. Bucky is just now getting home, more or less."

"Before or after we both died?" Steve said, frowning.

"During," Natasha said, frowning again. "Anyway, we work together."

"You’re a soldier?" Steve was squinting at her.

"You’re a soldier," Natasha said primly. "I am a spy.”

"I sound like a comic book," Steve opined from the dressing room.

"You had comic books," Natasha confirmed. "They made Bucky your sidekick. You were not happy."


"I’d be his sidekick, if one of us had to be. Anyway, sidekicks are stupid,” Steve said. “Kids don’t belong in a war.”

"No, they don’t," Natasha agreed, smiling faintly. "Also, you’re just as bad about picking clothes when you’re six-two."

"Six-two?" Steve came out. He was frowning down at his shirt. "Stupid question."

"No, go ahead."

"I had comic books."

"Yeah."

"You work with me."

"Yeah."

"Do you have comic books?”

She blinked at him in surprise. “Uh- I’m not really a role model. You know.Spy.”

"It’s just kind of stupid that there aren’t any dames on the superhero stuff," he said, frowning. "If there are dames on superhero teams. Besides, my mom’s all I’ve got, so-“

Natasha smiled. “No superheroes. I’ll pick something else.”

"Thanks. Just, get me some- I don’t know, plaid or something."

"No plaid, Steve."

"What’s wrong with plaid?" Steve asked, frowning.

"Oh my God. Even tiny, you’re like a grandpa."

"That guy is really popular."

"Mhm."

"Is he a real superhero or a comic book superhero?"

Natasha laughed. “Both, I guess.”

"His uniform kinda stands out, like, I can see it, and- Oh, Christ.”

Natasha grinned at him.

"Seriously?" Steve rolled his eyes. "That’s why Bucky was wearing the shirt, isn’t it?"

"Probably."

"That jerk," Steve shook his head. "Thanks for not making me get the pajamas, Natasha."

"You try really hard not to wear the stars and stripes when you’re off duty."

"It’s not terrible," he sighed. "I mean, the star is cool, I guess. I’d design a suit like that, if I were drawing a superhero."

"You did."

"I designed my own costume."

"Yup."

He sighed. “No wonder I don’t have a girl.”

 

 


"Okay, man," Sam said, his arms folding over his chest. "How much am I going to get out of you?"


"Let’s see," Bucky prompted.

"You’ve been following him around, especially on Avengers’ gigs," Sam ticked off on the end of his finger. "You know he’s been staying with me, you know magic users tend to get him on Tuesdays, and you were close enough to snatch him when he got hit."

Bucky nodded.

"He look eleven to you?" Sam asked. "Because he looks eight to me, and-"

"He’s eleven," Bucky said firmly. "Everything but scoliosis already."

Sam dug out his phone. “So- mm. Diabetic, arrhythmic heart, colorblind, anemic, stomach ulcers, partial deafness? Christ.”

"Mean as a snake, too," Bucky said, smiling a little, faintly, fondly. "Books?"

"E-books might be a good idea," Sam mused. "Get him on my tablet, blow up the font real big-"

"Near’s iffy," Bucky noted. "Far, too. Middle distance-” he shrugged.

"Astigmatism," Sam noted from the entry