it on his desk for later while, at the same time, knowing the futility of that wish.

"Rodney? Everything ok, buddy?"

"What, oh yeah, that? No big deal. Not at all. Fine, perfectly fine just need some help at night." At John's raised eyebrows, he hastily added, "sleeping! I need help sleeping."

"And the horse tranquilizers down in the infirmary aren't working?"

"Funny. No, it's not that I'm not tired, it's just my legs."

"Are you in pain? Did you pull something on that last run-for-our-lives episode?"

"Probably, but no, look I appreciate your concern but I am fine. There's no need to panic, I'll be in the gateroom tomorrow fresh-faced and ready to go as always."

"Yeah, you do look like you need a shave, there, Rodney."

The smile was the same small teasing one he'd seen a thousand times since coming through the wormhole but it went right through him this time. "Right, so if you don't need me for anything," waiting a heartbeat and getting John's wave of dismissal, Rodney took off for his own office as quickly as possible. He was just glad Keller had the same bad handwriting gene all doctors did. He figured they must give some sort of class on how to write like that in college. It was unlikely Sheppard would be able to decipher the writing, and thus be unable to tease him – or even better, tell Ronon and Teyla, and have them do it for him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The supply run couldn't come fast enough for Rodney. As he paced the too-short length of his quarters he wondered for probably not the last time if they would send him to the new shrink if he dialed the gate and demanded they throw the bottle he'd requested through. Right. Freaking. Now. He was so absorbed in contemplating his limited options that the chirp of his door completely caught him off-guard. His "Come in," sounded more like a question – he had long since stopped believing in the monster under the bed but life in this galaxy had shown him much worse monsters to fear.

"Rodney. Figured you'd be up – thought I'd drop by."

"You figured out what the prescription was for." Rodney's voice was flat and defeatist. Why did he bother? It was obvious the Universe was out to get him. Revenge for trying to unravel its secrets.

"Well, actually I asked Keller."

"Oh." What could he say? Thanks for being concerned, commence with the teasing? Before he realized it, he heard his voice saying just that. So much for a brain/mouth filter. He'd been meaning to change his out for some time. It got clogged after two days with new lab people.

"Did you think I wouldn't check up on you? You're my *friend*, Rodney."

"Yes, yes, I know. As my friend I'm sure you ran down to the infirmary, paper-in-hand, wondering if this was it."

"What?"

"You, scurrying to the infirmary, are you even listening..."

"No, not 'what-did-you-say, what, but 'it' what."

"Thank you for vagueing-it-up for me, Colonel."

Sighing, John walked fully into the room and sat down on Rodney's messy bed. "You said I would be wondering if 'this was it'. What it?"

"You know, *the* it. The you-can't-take-anymore it."

"Rodney." Sheppard used the 'dangerous' voice – the one he usually reserved for when Rodney needed to shut up and focus pronto. "What do you think I won't be able to take anymore, someday?"

"Me." When nothing was forthcoming from Sheppard but a disbelieving look, he continued. "I'm never going to be soldier material – and stop because I know what you're going to say. I'm not supposed to or expected to be. I know that. What I'm saying is, this is as good as it gets with me. Strange food upsets my stomach, I itch from bugs and dirt, I can't eat anything with citrus, I get stress headaches from trying to keep everyone here alive on a daily basis and walking more than four miles makes me feel about eighty-years old." Pausing for breath, he saw Sheppard about to interrupt. "No, wait, let me get this out. I appreciate that you're my friend. You're probably the first honest-to-goodness real friend I've had in a long time. But at some point you are going to have to let that go. There are other scientists who can go on first-contact missions with you. Some that are better suited