you don't decide you're not actually interested in men, or not actually interested in me specifically." McKay's face was pretty expressive in general, but his eyes.... Every single thought was laid bare in his eyes, if you knew the language; John was getting pretty fluent in Rodney McKay.

"I don't think that's going to happen," he said, taking one of McKay's hands and pressing it against his erection.

He could see McKay's throat work as he swallowed, and then McKay grinned a little and ducked his head, going back to removing John's other boot. "Good," he said. "That's good."

Flying and sex, huh? Well, that was a comparison that worked for him. This wasn't that different from flying blind, and he knew he could do that. He could do this, too; even if he was pretty sure he wasn't the sex god of McKay's imagination. The fact that McKay thought of him that way was equal parts flattering and intimidating, honestly.

McKay tossed John's other boot aside, but before he could stand, John reached out and ran a thumb over his lower lip, then pulled him in for a kiss. Kissing he remembered; kissing he could do. He explored McKay's mouth like a cartographer mapping a newly discovered country, noting McKay's reactions and filing the information away, some part of him determined to eventually live up to McKay's expectations. When they finally broke apart, McKay stood, his face flushed, and John leaned back again, taking a moment to let himself just look, his gaze raking up McKay's body until their eyes met and McKay looked away awkwardly at John's appreciative smile.

John unbuttoned his jeans, pushing the fly open and sliding a hand inside his boxers, fingers curling around his dick in a long, sliding stroke that was more frustrating than it was satisfying. "Did you know," he said, watching from beneath his lashes as McKay stripped quickly and efficiently, "that there's a disappointingly limited selection of porn on the server?" He'd watched—multiple times—the few movies he could get the server to cough up for him in an effort to jog his memory, or at least start filling in the blank spaces before he ended up in a situation where he had to look like he knew what he was doing.

"Not really." McKay moved to kneel on the bed, straddling John's thighs and pushing gently at his shoulder until he was lying flat on the bed. "You just don't have high enough access for the good stuff."

That was pretty much what John had suspected, actually. "As the ranking military officer of Atlantis," he complained between kisses, "I should have full access." He slid both hands down McKay's back, cupping the bare curve of his ass and pulling him closer, grinding up against him in a move that owed more to instinct than to thought.

"You think the civilians are willing to risk a jarhead stumbling across Fly Boys?" McKay asked breathlessly. "Major Hardon? Fire in the Hole?"

The litany of porn titles was surprisingly hot, especially the way McKay was reciting them from memory, each one sounding dirtier than the last. John arched his back, flipping them over on the bed and earning a startled noise from McKay. "You ever watch any of those, Rodney? Maybe fantasize about the boys in uniform?" he asked and his voice sounded strange in his ears, too low and rough, and McKay shuddered under him. "Maybe fantasize about me?"

There was a long silence, and then: "Maybe," McKay said, and John watched the flush—embarrassment or arousal, he wasn't sure which—creep up his neck and across his cheeks, and the idea of McKay watching gay porn, watching guys in uniform fucking each other while he jerked off to thoughts of John— Groaning, John thrust down against him, feeling McKay's dick hard and hot against his own, with nothing but a layer of cotton between them.

"Careful." McKay's eyes were wide and his body suddenly tense. "Delicate equipment here. If I end up castrated by your fly, you're the one who gets to explain to Carson and Elizabeth."

"Sorry." John rolled to the side, off of McKay—who lifted his head from the bed to watch John's movements—and scooted around until he was perpendicular to McKay's hip. "You want me to kiss it better?" McKay's dick twitched at his words, and John grinned, licking his lips and edging closer, watching McKay's expression out of the corner of his eye.

"Jesus. And you were accusing me of being a cocktease?"

John leaned forward and tried an experimental lick, running his tongue up the shaft, and McKay's head fell back against the bed with a thump. John repeated the move, slower and with more concentration, focusing his attention first on the