a foggy, wet embrace. Dorian hated being wet unless he was in a hot bath, and Crestwood was about the furthest one could be from warmth and cleanliness. It was almost as bad as the Storm Coast. Almost. At least there was no nauseatingly tipping sea to look at, swelling like the sour alcohol had in his gut when he'd heaved over the side of the ship for the third time. That had been his first boat ride, out of the lovely port at Val Royeaux, and hopefully, Maker preserve, his last. Semi-solid ground was a small mercy, but he'd take what he could get.

Dorian's shin ached from where he'd slipped on some kind of slimy nastiness and skinned it on a rock. He'd drifted off the road to take a closer look at a native perennial shrub that was familiar to him from Tevinter cultivars. He'd just enough time to identify it as a common Heather (Calluna vulgaris) when he'd fallen ungracefully and scraped from his shin to his kneecap. Tripped over his “skirt” Iron Bull had teased while Varric had laughed right along, helping Dorian to his feet. The mage refused to dignify either of them with an answer, and if he concentrated hard enough, the limp was hardly noticeable. Their fearless leader was all lean muscle wrapped in tailored leather that sported a brass medallion, displaying the sword sheathed in a sunburst eye that had become so familiar. Jack's hair was slicked straight to his head with the rainwater like a curtain of black oil. He was utterly oblivious to Dorian's plight and apparently the weather, not even pausing to wipe away beads of water that dripped from the tip of his nose as he spoke to the requisition officer. His eyes were hard and dark, but he smiled at little scout Harding while they chatted about this wretched little shithole of a region. Smiled. And in that moment, Dorian hated him just a little. He turned away from the nauseatingly adorable scene before his meager meal of traveler's gruel turned on him.

That the Tevinter Altus mage was unhappy was an understatement. His socks were wet now, the mud sunk so deep on an earlier path that it had sucked his boot right off his foot. His hair had long since gone wet and limp on his head despite the hood he wore as a piss-poor attempt at protection from the elements. His once perfect hair was soggy, falling into his eyes no matter how many times he roughly scrubbed a hand through it.

Mostly, he was angry because he had seen Jack direct that sultry, blue-inferno gaze of his upon Josephine the week before, cementing in his head that their dear Inquisitor was just a bloody, clueless twat after all, making heated 'come hither' eyes at everyone around him without temperance or distinction. Even if it had only been two souls Dorian had seen that stare settled upon, and even if it was Dorian on the receiving end far more often than their sweet ambassador, he still felt indignantly slighted, and frankly it left a sour taste in his mouth. Though that very well could have been the fetid, green hued corpse air feathering its way between his tightly gritted (thankfully still perfect) teeth.

He would not sulk over the loss of something that had barely existed to begin with, he simply would not. Maybe slightly. Alright, alright he was sulking a lot.

Their little party had been out for days doing this and that, mostly little things to help out, fetching a bundle of missing Elfroot here or lighting a bear on fire there. This was the longest they had spent away from their new base of operations and Jack was happy, or as happy as Dorian had ever seen him, his face didn't change much, and no one else seemed to complain. All for the good of it yes? But Dorian couldn't help feeling like he was little more than a glorified, well-dressed servant. Is this what he'd left Tevinter for? Running errands for farmers and killing undead? They hadn't seen hide nor hair of any Venatori forces, but it had been raining lumpy red Lyrium riddled templars left and right just like this wretched, well rain. No matter how nice it was to help people in need, spreading the good word of the Inquisition on top of showing that yes, Tevinter had bred compassionate people too, Dorian tried to feel like he wasn't wasting his time.

At least the servants back home were able to sleep indoors.

It almost made Dorian try to come up with an alternative to trudging about through the dregs of life, the bottom of the barrel of human existence that writhed in a mud patty smack dab in the middle of sweaty, smelly Ferelden. The only alternative was to crawl back home to Tevinter, head hung low, the disgraceful pariah, an embarrassment to everyone around him, and that wasn't an alternative at all. He quickly reminded himself why he was here, why he had given up almost everything to be here. The Venatori. His father. Alexius. Felix. His