and fumbling around with bottles and slamming drawers). There's no body heat or anything else, really, to distract him from the way his skin is tingling and how his dick and balls are starting to ache.

By the time Derek rushes—hobbles as quickly as he can, really, past his boner—back into the room, Stiles has already wrapped his hand around his dick, and is thrusting up into it, slow and leisurely. It's not enough to make him come or anything; just enough to make the aching stop. 

"There was half a bottle underneath the—" Derek freezes just inside the door, blinks, his gaze going from Stiles's face to where his hand is wrapped around his dick, and Stiles just… grins.

"Anytime, dude," he says, and can't resist bending his leg at the knee, arching his back as he thrusts up, once, slower than he had been, making a show of it. "Anytime."

"I hate you," Derek says, but he's already tossed the bottle of lube onto the bed and is tripping out of his pants as he walks over. Stiles lets himself watch, resting his head on the arm not wrapped around his dick. Derek is all… naked, his skin slightly red, his hair mussed and his dick hard. It's a beautiful sight, and it's ridiculously heady to know that all of it is Stiles's to play with.

"The feeling's mutual," Stiles says as Derek gets a knee on the mattress, lowers himself down to start kissing a trail up from Stiles's naval, to his chest, up his neck to his jaw, his lips featherlight and dry, his hands splayed on Stiles's ribcage. "I mean who doesn't prepare lube when they're obviously planning on waking up their significant other to engage in the coitus."

"We have lube," Derek says, grinning at him. "It was in the bathroom. See? Prepared."

"So it was all part of your plan?" Stiles asks as he gets a hand in Derek's hair. It's soft and smooth and Stiles knows for a fact that it's not werewolf genes that make it like that, but Derek's obsession with top-of-the-line hair products.

(Both of them smell like jasmine a lot, because the conditioner Derek buys smells like jasmine, and it's not like Stiles is not going to use it.)

"All part of my plan," Derek says against his skin, starts sucking a hickey right under his collar bone.

"Well, I mean, it would be great if you would actually use it," Stiles gasps out when Derek bites down, tugs at Derek's hair to make sure he's paying attention.

Derek snorts and makes to sit up, except Stiles reaches for the bottle first and shoves it in his face.

"Smooth," Derek says, grabbing it.

"I am the epitome of fucking smooth," Stiles says. Except he doesn't feel smooth as he watches Derek squeeze lube onto his fingers. He feels… things that are the opposite of smooth. Frantic. Pathetically excited. Jittery.

Because seriously, going without sex—okay, okay, not counting handjobs and blowjobs and one or two heavy make-out sessions—for a week is wrong. Just wrong.

Stiles moved in with Derek a year ago. Or a year and like, four months ago. Slightly more than a year ago, is what he's getting at.

For the first two years of college he dormed, even though he and Derek were both at Berkeley. It was the principle of the thing, really, that made him dorm. The whole dorm experience.

What he found, after two years of dorming, is that the dorm experience is vastly overrated and that living in an apartment with a) a living room, b) a bedroom, and most importantly c) a private bathroom, is amazing.

All of that is multiplied by five when you're moving in with the dude you've been in love with for… for a long time. Neither of them have ever tried to pin down the specifics of whether or not they should count the six years Derek knew about Stiles and the two months Stiles knew ghostly Derek as them being them, or if it was just something else. Foreplay, or something.

Anyway, Stiles moved in with Derek, and since then it's been terrifyingly nice, even though Derek squeezes the toothpaste tube from the top, and Stiles may or may not have an aversion to washing his dishes.

They work it out.

Stiles loves the way Derek works him open. He would say something, except he's pretty sure he's already said that once or twice, and plus, all he can get out now are stuttered out moans. Derek isn't actually faring any better, though, which is both amusing and hot.

It's always amusing. It's always hot.

His cheeks are flushed