another briefly. Pharah curses herself for letting the words tumble out of her mouth, and Mercy laughs with a giddy dizziness about her.

Pharah clears her throat.

“Uh, well…I’ll walk you to the docking area. Is that alright?”

“Is that alright! I wouldn’t allow you to not escort me, if anything.”

Pharah laughs, and Mercy smiles at her with an undiluted affection.

“Let’s get going, then.”

They walk, dragging their feet, and somewhere along the way, their hands lock tight between each other. An unspoken affection, such a mutual, seemingly endless love was so obvious between them, and yet, neither could quite bring themselves to admit it. Not yet, anyway. Not yet.

Pharah has never been so reluctant in her whole life than the moment Mercy’s hand leaves her own. Mercy is dragging her feet still, her boots leaving slow, hesitant footsteps up the clanging of the ramp to the ship, and Pharah folds her arms in displeasure at the situation.

“Why didn’t I tell her anything?” she mumbles to herself, and is wrenched from her thoughts one more time, as she waves to Mercy – watching her finally boards the hovercraft. Pharah is somewhat relieved after seeing the familiar faces she knows so well behind her Angela; Reinhardt, Symmetra, even McCree; and she knows that Angela will be safe.

She knows it. But her worries torment her so.

 “She already knows how you feel, Fareeha. She knows.”

Pharah feels herself a little surprised from the familiar, soothing voice behind her, and, almost as if in reaction, turns around to her mother; before wordlessly covering her lower face with her cobalt gauntlet, and looking away as the tears fell with an unwelcome arrival.

Ana’s eyes soften, and she places her hands on the arm that bears the hand covering Pharah’s face.

“It’ll be okay, sweetheart. It’s just four days. You’ll see her again in no time.”

“You know full well a lot can happen in four days, mother. I’d never live with myself if -”

“Nothing is going to happen to Angela Ziegler. This woman practically invented the healing arts! Nothing is going to happen to her. Not a damn thing. As someone who spends twelve hours and upwards a day with the girl, I’d expect you to know that better than anyone!” Ana playfully chastises with a smile, and Pharah grins weakly. “And you know she’ll be fine, especially under Reinhardt’s protection. Understand?”

Pharah sniffles a little, and Ana dabs at her eyes. It’s been a long time since I was able to be her mother.

How nostalgic, she thinks with a smile, and Pharah stands upright.

“Understand?” Ana repeats with a sympathetic tone, and Pharah nods firmly.

“…Yes. Yes I do.”

“Good. Then let’s rest up until we’re called upon.”

Pharah places a hand on Ana’s shoulder and smiles.

“Thank you, mother.”

-

It wasn’t about the time length being four days. It was never about that. Four days – as they had both said freely – really was nothing.

But too much could happen in that time. Too much could go wrong.

And although that was a few days ago, Pharah still thinks how the past four days have felt like nothing but a large, wistful, unwanted blur.

A blur without Angela Ziegler at her side, at that, and a blur that was only good for being able to scope out the chocolates for her loved one without anybody noticing. Volskaya’s airport had an imported section, and luckily for Pharah, the raptora suit was always put to good use. Like buying her girlfriend chocolates.

If even her mother hadn’t noticed her picking them out, she had done well – and she hoped that Angela would love them when she returned.

Pharah often lays awake at night, and this night was no different.

The night before Mercy’s return. It was here. All the toiling and emotional turmoil and worrying was about to come to an end.

Pharah was so excited to see Mercy again. God, just to hear her voice, to see her golden, beautiful face return, smiling like a beacon of hope right into her soul. She couldn’t wait to see Mercy idly poking the edge of her chin with her pencil, or the way she always made coffee without milk. She couldn’t wait for all the little things to be back in her life; as well as knowing the day coming was Valentine’s Day.

She lets out a groan to herself at the frustrating, recurring thought of kissing Mercy’s skin and not being able to, and consequently raking her hands down her face in frustration, tossing and turning in her bed; no position underneath the sheet can relax her tonight, and she lays like a hard board against the mattress.

Angela Ziegler is damn beautiful, Pharah thinks always, and particularly in her