, Squad -er, Hanji,” He quipped. Hanji laughed lightly and softly patted the tall boy’s arm. “Behave, Bertholdt. Oh, you wanted to ask me something right?” Bertholdt nodded and holding an armful of torn pieces of paper to his chest asked where the trash bin was. Hanji explained that they had no actual bin but a small upturned supply crate in the corner would suffice.

The pair continued on in comfortable silence for the next few hours, only broken by the occasional “Where does this go?” or “What’s this?” the latter would be followed usually by an excited and long winded explanation of the various scientific apparatus that Hanji seemed to own. Lengthy explanation or not, Bertholdt intently listened to the whole lecture, every time, taking in the parts that he needed and wanted to remember. After the third or so in depth answer Hanji smiled warmly at him. “You know, you’re actually a very good listener, Bertholdt,” Bertholdt felt his cheeks heat up a little, he didn’t get complimented all that often. “T-Thank you.” He placed some books on the now clear of clutter shelf that he had been working on. “My dad always made sure I knew how to listen properly,” he lamented quietly. Hanji perked at that, finishing organizing a drawer in their main desk. “Oh? You make it sound sad,” they remarked, closing the drawer and turning to look at him, a steak of curiosity across their face. Bertholdt started to sweat, he really wished he hadn’t said that, he almost never brought up his parents to anyone, save for Annie and Reiner. Bertholdt opted for silence. Good reliable silence, it never let him down. “If you don’t want to talk about it that’s fine,” Hanji spoke after a few moments of tense quiet

Bertholdt sighed softly, “Sorry, It’s just...,” he trailed off unsure of where he was going with this. He had some mixed feelings on his parents and talking about it was hardly helpful. He supposed he was just pent up, so he let his mouth continue without really thinking about it, more focused on the comfortable silence they had shared earlier, the same sort of quiet Bertholdt enjoyed with Reiner. “My Dad was, well, sort of strange,” He said, trying not to let much slip as he continued placing books on shelves, he could feel Hanji looking at his back and tried to ignore it as he continued, keeping his tone neutral. “We weren’t really close, I suppose. I just wanted his approval y’know? Wanted to show him I wasn’t just weak little ‘Bertl’,” the nickname left a foul taste on his tongue, Reiner was the only one who could call him that. He stopped stocking shelves when he felt a hand touch his shoulder, he eyed Hanji who smiled at him. “Look at all this!” She crooned gesturing to the room they had worked for several hours in, now mostly free of clutter with cleaned surfaces and neat desks and meticulously arranged equipment. “This was a task for only the bravest, hell “Humanities Strongest Soldier” ducked out of this one, ‘weak little Bertl’ wouldn’t have even made it this far.” The gesture and implication were not lost on him, and for the first time in a long time, Bertholdt smiled genuinely. They gave his back a reassuring pat before declaring “Right, well we have worked miracles in here, so I’m gonna go an get some tea, you interested?” Bertholdt nodded, smile still gracing his lips. He watched the Squad Leader leave the room, and he sat down on a nearby chair. A pang of pity stabbed at his gut, Hanji hardly knew him but had been nothing but pleasant thus far, but they were also a resident of the damned walls. He closed his eyes and furrowed his brows, a conversation he had with his father played in the back of his head.


 “Are they evil?” 



 “Are who evil, Bertl?” 



 “The humans, the ones behind the walls.” 



 “There’s no evil, not really. Most of them are blissfully ignorant honestly, you can’t call ignorance evil.” 



 “Then why do they say that...” 



 “Ignorance may not be evil but it’s worse in so many ways. The ignorant have no choice in the matter, nor the inclination that something may be wrong. Ignorance is no excuse, it’s a sad state of existence really, and best to be dealt with.” 


He shook his head, his father's voice was not one he wanted to hear at the moment. He would hear it when they returned, victorious, and then he would happily hear it. Hanji came back fairly quickly, tray in hand. Bertholdt offered them a hand but they refused cheerfully and set the tray down, setting out the two cups and saucers, a small pot of honey and a small jug of milk along with a plain looking teapot. “I didn’t know how you took your tea