,” Sasuke said as he went back to his computer, giving Naruto some privacy so he could get dressed.

“Well, from now on we can just leave a change of clothes in each other’s house,” Naruto said as he jumped towards the bed, wearing only his pants, “just like in the good ol’ days”

“Yes,” Sasuke smiled, “I’m glad you are back.”

“Yep!” Naruto ginned. “And the apartment my dad chose is awesome, don’t you think?”

“Yes, but what are you gonna do when your grandma comes?”

“Oh, well you see the building has apartments for when you need them, you know like short term leases”

“Yeah?”

“Yes! And even if not, wouldn’t you give me shelter?”

“No.”

“You bastard!” Naruto yelled in mock hurt as he threw a pillow at Sasuke, hitting him on the neck while he was distracted typing on his computer. “Gods... my back is killing me because of all those boxes.”

“Well I helped you too and I’m not complaining.”

“Yeah... you helped... to decorate.”

“Cleaning isn’t decorating idiot,” Sasuke said as he closed his laptop before walking towards the bed. “And tell me again, why do you want the money?”

“Well... don’t be grumpy, I’m sure my dad will pay you as well.”

“You know I don’t need it, you don’t need it.”

“Yes, but I didn’t want to simply ask for the money.”

“What do you need it for?” Sasuke asked again, sitting on the bed as he heard a low murmur, “What?”

“I said... that I’m saving it.”

“Hm.” Sasuke wanted to know if Naruto keeping secrets from him. But in the end he knew he would eventually find out and he also knew the blond well enough to know when drop an issue.

“Hmm to you too!” Naruto laughed as he scratched lazily his stomach, but suddenly fell silent when Sasuke lay down next to him. “It feels weird you know... coming back... here... after all this time.”

“Would you have preferred not to come back?”

“And you call me an idiot,” Naruto said rolling his eyes dramatically. “Of course not!” Naruto told him, “It’s just that... it feels weird being here without mom you know? I miss her.”

“I know,” Sasuke whispered, and for a few minutes he watched the nostalgic look on the blond’s face. “How did you get your dad to move back?”

“Well, I told him I would move here even if he didn’t. I was tired Sasuke, that city was full of memories of her, of her sick days. You know we lived close to the hospital.” Naruto bit his lip. “Do you think I’m a bad son?”

“No,” Sasuke answered quickly. “It was for the best.”

“Yes, I think so too. My dad was getting really grumpy, you know?” Naruto frowned a bit “And actually, I think I might have had a little help from your dad.”

“Really?”

“Yes, but don’t say anything,” Naruto said seriously.

“I’ll just thank him,” Sasuke said considering. “You think that behaving a bit better will do?”

Naruto just laughed in response. Sighing contently, both boys rested their heads on the pillows and prepared to take a little nap…

Their eyes widened when Sasuke moved one lock of blond hair out of Naruto’s eyes, caressing his cheek as he did so. Both of them froze without knowing what to do, what to say, at the sudden show of affection.

“Sasuke... I-”

But Naruto was speechless when Sasuke was suddenly on top of him, tenderly touching the skin of Naruto’s arm, making Naruto sigh as Sasuke’s scent filled his senses. Sasuke kissed him before he could say anything else.

Both boys moaned instantly when Naruto granted access to Sasuke’s tongue, kissing hotly as Naruto spread his legs to accommodate Sasuke better.

“Naruto,” Sasuke whispered wantonly when their lips parted momentarily. “Naruto,” Sasuke moaned again as he kissed the blond’s neck and ground his hips downward enjoying the shivers it caused. Naruto, who was exposing his neck, touched the skin on Sasuke’s back while removing his t-shirt slowly. He took a deep breath when their skin came into contact.

Naruto hugged him tightly when Sasuke kissed his lips again. Wrapping one leg around Sasuke’s body, a hand moved down towards his ass, squeezing it through the fabric of Sasuke’s jeans, as he thrusted his hip up to rub along Sasuke’s erection.

“What are we doing?” Sasuke asked, halting his movements.

Naruto blushed... “We are...”

“No, what are we doing?”

“I don’t know, Sasuke. I don’t know,” Naruto answered