s never felt so  right  to hug someone.

The boat whistle blows, and the man at the ramp declares the last call for anyone with tickets. Zuko is hesitant to let her go, but she pulls away before he gets a choice in the matter. “I’ll be back before you know it,” she says, as calmly as she can, before she hugs him again and dashes off. Leaving him staring at the dust stirred by her steps.

He wants to reach out to her and pull her back. But this is her journey. She will do what she needs to do.

The Jasmine Dragon is bustling and Iroh is busy, so Katara considers coming back in later. The tea is calming, but she wants to consult Iroh, wants to know what cryptic words of wisdom he has to offer her. And now that she’s here, she feels an indescribable urge to learn to play Pai Sho. She sees a man in the corner of the room leering at her chest, and she wants to pulverize him with her waterbending. She doesn’t, though, and takes a seat.

Her tea comes quickly. Iroh is quick and businesslike, but also friendly, when managing the shop. He needs to be, especially now, when there are so many customers. His tea may as well be legendary.

She sips it until the room is nearly empty. It’s been hours; she’s ordered more than five refills at this point, and she doesn’t know if she can wait any longer. It’s then that Iroh beckons her into the living area.

To her surprise, she sees Toph sitting on the floor, her dirty soles and green attire appearing right at home. Katara can’t fight the smile rising on her face at the sight of her friend, and it’s all she can do not to hug Toph and never let go.

“Hey, Sugar Queen, that you?” Toph’s voice carries through the room. Katara’s smile only widens at the nickname; in a time that may have been forever ago, the nickname may have annoyed her, but now it’s a reminder of the time they spent together. Arguing, fighting, fearing for their lives… Yes, those were good times.

“What can we do for you, Katara?” Iroh says. “You look troubled.”

“I’m…” Katara doesn’t know how to vocalize how she feels. She realizes it would have been easier to talk to Zuko, who was always so close by; but he’s always busy with his work, and she doesn’t want to trouble him with her affairs. Not when he has so much else to worry about. “I don’t know,” she whispers quietly. Her smile is smaller now, strained.

Iroh starts to brew another pot of tea. Katara thinks she’s had enough tea today to last the rest of the month, but she doesn’t protest; this is Iroh, tea is his life, and she will accept that. Just as he and Toph will accept her.  Have  accepted her.

She sees blue and red in this room, in the paintings, in the sky just outside, in her eyes and Iroh’s robes and even Toph’s dirty soles. They are all red and blue, she thinks, they are all purple. Toph is a sunset, Iroh is a sunrise.

Iroh sets the mug on the table, and she takes a seat. Toph wiggles her toes. They’re both waiting for her to spill, but they’re waiting patiently. They give her as much time as she needs, and she’s thankful for that.

“I guess I’m… lost?” The words feel foreign in Katara’s mouth. So long she’s been a mother figure, so long she’s had to keep quiet for the rest of the group, that saying how she really feels is almost foreign to her. “I don’t know what I need to do. Helping Aang defeat Fire Lord Ozai was my purpose, but now… I feel like I’ve lost that.”

Toph laughs; Katara glares at her, then remembers the blind girl can’t see her withering stare. Katara counts Toph lucky.

Iroh thoughtfully takes a sip of his tea, pausing for what feels like a long time. The wrinkles on his face are more pronounced; Katara takes a moment to appreciate just how old he must be. And still he keeps going, finds passions, works hard.

She can’t stop her thoughts from straying to Zuko for a split second.

“Your destiny isn’t one that you can find,” Iroh says finally. “You choose what happens. You must act on how you  feel.”

How  does  she feel?

She feels angry, and left behind. She feels guilty, like she’s left someone behind, like she’s passed up an opportunity. She feels… She feels…

She feels like she wants to see Zuko. She feels like she wants to apologize