Bakugou is in a suit for the first time. He’s uncomfortable but today is a special day. It’s been four years since he and Kirishima became partners. 

 



“Man, time sure flies fast when you’re enjoyin’, right? Tomorrow’s our graduation already.” Kirishima’s voice consists of excitement and something else Bakugou can’t point out.

“Yeah yeah. I can’t wait to get out of this school and be the No. 1 Hero. Gotta explode those villains’ asses.” The blonde’s sinister grin gets wider until he noticed his best friend’s continuous fidgeting.

“Got a problem? You have something to say?”

“I don’t know. I just wanna say that I really like you before we part ways.” Kirishima dared not to look at his best friend as he said those words.

“I like you too, Assmunch. Well, you’re the only one who can take my blasts head-on anyway. Really annoying quirk. Oh wait— not just your quirk. Your smile annoys me, too.”

“No, Bakugou. I don’t mean it that way. I like you in ‘I wanna marry you someday’ kind of way.” The red-haired teen wants to slit his own throat with his hardened hand for saying such a sappy line.

“That’s bullshit. Stop joking around, Kirishima.”

“I knew you’ll reject me. I just want to get this load out of my chest. I hope we’ll stay as best buddies after this—” He gulps. He is expecting a blast in his face anytime soon.

“Love? Relationship? That’s crap. You know what asshat, I don’t wanna be in a relationship mainly because I don’t want a break-up. I know with my shitty attitude no one can stand me in the long run. I don’t want to get left behind.” Bakugou’s voice is stern but calm. “But with you, maybe I could try. I want to try. So just make sure you won’t ever leave me.”

“Of course I won— W-wait, what??? What did you just say?”

“Fuck you! You heard it. Don’t make me repeat embarrassing nonsense.” Bakugou scowled and headed towards Kirishima’s door. He is this close to blowing up Kirishima’s face and his stupid smile.

“Hey Bakugou! Does that mean you like me, too?"

Bakugou just looked at Kirishima with certain intensity. He can’t utter a yes. He's feeling too many unfamiliar emotions all at the same time to speak.   

Kirishima hugged Bakugou. His smile is as wide as the future ahead of them.


“I’ll take your silence as a ‘yes’, Blasty.”



 


Bakugou stared at Kirishima. His Kirishima.  God, he wished he could look at him forever. He fixed his tie, trying to distract himself from whatever the fuck he is feeling right now. His palms are sweating and his heart throbs as he moves closer to Kirishima.

“Eijirou, will you marry me?” Bakugou took out a silver ring and slipped it into Kirishima’s ring finger. His boyfriend’s hand feels cold.

“It’s fuckin beautiful. It perfectly fits your finger.” Bakugou smiles stupidly.

The tears he has been holding back fell down as he pressed a soft kiss on Kirishima’s lifeless hand. His soul starts to crumble as soon as he realized that there’s no more future ahead of them.


“I’ll take your silence as a ‘yes’, Hair-for-Brains.”
