hell. Right." He stood up as carefully as possible, nodding. His knee seized a little, and pain snapped through his back. Just gritted his teeth to bear through it.

He headed outside, wondering whether he should speak to Becks, then call John.  John had probably given her the bare facts of the matter, knowing him, but it wasn't a substitute for the real thing.

No sign of John, or his car, so he wandered down to hail a taxi to Scotland Yard, fishing his phone out to call Becks. It rang twice.

She must have been practically sitting on the damn thing to answer that quickly. "Seb? Tell me that's you. Are you okay? Are you at home?"

"I'm at the Diogenes. Just met with Mycroft. I'm all right." Taxi drove past him, nice. "Hi."

"You're all right? Is that it?" Becks sounded incredulous. "John... John told me, I've never heard him sound like that."

He finally managed to get a taxi to stop, and slid in, telling the driver, "New Scotland Yard," before sitting back with care. He just needed to keep breathing, that was all. Fuck the pain and he'd get through it. "Yeah. I, uh." Because his sister read him like a book. "I'm pretty badly hurt, but it'll heal. No missing limbs. Fingers and toes all attached, still have two eyes. That counts as all right."

"John said it was bad..." She sounded almost scared of what he might say. "And to give you time until you were ready for people to come over." It ended on a questioning lilt as if she was scared of pressuring him.

"I don't really have the option of waiting that long. There's shit to do for work." He managed a quiet laugh, looking around sharply, staying alert. It was a little paranoid to think some random taxi driver would do something to him, but fuck. He'd been gotten the drop on enough for a couple of years. Maybe a decade. "I, uh. Actually had a bit of a break."

"A bit of a break?" Becks repeated, sounding a bit wary, and understandably so.

"I was arguing with Jim towards the end of it. There were some pretty spectacular drugs involved." He scanned the road again, feeling trapped and restless. 

"Oh." Becks seemed at a loss for words. "I'm sorry Seb, I was furious with Mycroft. I don't bloody care if he fires me."

"I do. You love your job." He shrugged, starting to relax as he saw familiar landmarks. "I think you occasionally forget what I do for a living."

"Not forget just..." She gave a heavy sigh. "I don't want to lose you Seb, and for the first time I've seen you happy. That’s amazing, and then this, because Mycroft thinks he’s infallible!"

"Yep. Nature of the job. I had to have a notch cut out of my arm once when Jim randomly changed plans once. I had this festering machete wound, and I had to hide in the jungle because he'd made a huge fucking scene and the pro-forma government was looking to execute me." The taxi driver looked at him in the rear-view and his flashed his eyebrows at the man, daring him to say shit. "So, it. I'll be okay."  

"I have read your file," Becks said. "Although I am sure things are missing. Definitely. You're not allowed to get hurt any more. I forbid it."

"Very realistic expectations." He laughed, closed his eyes for just a minute. "So, how was your week? Other than nearly getting yourself fired."

"I nearly got myself fired for screaming at Mycroft to pull his finger out," Becks said. "Then I was suspended. That's pretty much it. John has been sending me updates but I think he glosses over some things."

"Yeah, there's just some things you don't need to know." The edge of his mouth quirked a little, and he opened his eyes. They were past the turn to Scotland Yard now, and that was a problem. He shifted, reaching into his pocket in an idle, fishing for money way. It was a serrated folding tactical blade, that he kept low, leaning forward and still on the phone with Becks. "Hey, buddy, I think you drove past my stop."

"What's going on?" He could hear Becks saying that in his ear. "Oh my god, again? Where are you? I need to text John... Jeremy, where's your mob- ah.. give me a clue and they'll be there immediately."

The taxi driver seemed to be ignoring his query.

"Hey, I wanted to