in everything and who had managed to find their purpose only with military service.Insofar as Ludwig loved to fight and he found the mission of his life in it, there was a big difference between defending the homeland and hatred towards all those who were part there. One of the many things that Ludwig had learned was that the enemy shouldn't be despised in battle, but feared and admired. So he decided to save that French: he had sabotaged their machine guns with commendable action. Now the weapons had been destroyed and there was no reason to rage blindly against him.The man had to differentiate themselves from the beasts.

It was noon and it was time to go. Ludwig gathered his soldiers in orderly formation and together they began to march towards the village of Vauquais, desert, and almost completely destroyed for over a year. Although he almost immediately accepted the idea of the Frenchmen and he had tried to convey enthusiasm to his men for that initiative, Ludwig was investigating the area around them with care: there was always the small possibility that it was a trap.Some columns of smoke came from ruined houses and Ludwig heard the voices of French carried by the cold wind. His soldiers seemed heartened but some of them were still suspicious, like him, anyway. In any case, if they turned back now, they would only get relations with enemy worse.From a distance, a Frenchman came to meet them, he thanked the captain for having came and invited others to gather around the fires. Ludwig would not have disdained it but his senses were always alert, so he started to wander slowly among the soldiers camped, still struggling to enjoy confidence each other. Indeed it was an unusual situation, Ludwig hadn't memories of other episodes like that, maybe during the oldest wars ... In any case, if a celebration event of could improve the performance of his soldiers, then he favored to hold a truce with the French. Then, one of them that staggered him - probably already drunk."Oh! Pardon, monsieur!" he apologized and straightening Ludwig noted that he was not drunk - maybe - but struggled to walk, leaning against improvised crutches. He recognized that voice as soon as he heard it. He pretended to nothing but the other stopped him putting a hand on his shoulder in a gesture of premature and un welcome confidence."Hey. It is you, right? I know you better from than from the front." Ludwig turned around and actually found himself faced with the same French whose life he had saved a few days earlier. He glanced absently at the crutches."You let me this gift," joked the other, a bit too cheerful for someone who comes face to face with an enemy, "then I'll pick back my apologizes.""As you prefer," said Ludwig disinclined to continue the conversation and trying to sneak away again."Where are you going so fast?" insisted the Frenchman. "We have nothing to do and I would like to offer you a glass of wine."Ludwig didn't do anything to conceal his irritation. He decided to be clear, because the French didn't seem to understand. "Although I has agreed to this cultural exchange, I don't trust you completely, so is my duty to make sure that behind all this isn't hidden any ambush.""Oh," said the other with a hint of admiration. "Really professional, but I can assure you that no one is here for his will and all we hope is to return home as soon as possible. Having a respite, sometime, is something that we'll not give up. Rather, you could take an advantage. "Ludwig felt offended . "We have brought weapons, as agreed.""So everything is fine! Sit down with me and show me that you're here just to spend a peaceful Christmas. "The French really liked speaking."Why do you speak German?" Ludwig asked to change the subject.Before answering, the other took it easy and sat down, calmly, on a log near an unattended fire."Probably for the same reason why you speak French."It was a rather stupid statement. Ludwig spoke French because he was a captain, while the individual in front of him didn't seem a person of that rank.Not reaching any comment, the French hastened to explain. "I am a staff of espionage in the galleries. But you don't look like a person who dirts his clothes going underground. ""Yeah," Ludwig said, "I'm one of those who only get dirty hands."With the response he put him to rest for a while, but the peace didn't last long."But I think I should introduce myself, since I already know your name." Instead of reaching out, handed him an empty glass. "My name is Francis and I would like to offer you some wine."Ludwig accepted the glass reluctantly. "Those two phrases don't go along together, exactly ...""Oh yes, indeed. I love wine." Francis proved the truth of his words opening the bottle label that was leaning against the stump and pouring