It's been four years since the virus outbreak wiped out two thirds of the population, and three years since at least half of those who died started coming back.

Bakugou's father died in the outbreak, and he and his mother lasted two years before she pushed him out of the car when two of the dead made their way inside, and he watched her crash down the street after he hit pavement.

It's been two years since he's been alone, two years since he's learned to sleep with one eye open and to sew up his own wounds. Two years since he's had to protect himself from the dead that just keep fucking coming, cover his own back and look over his shoulder every waking moment.

Until he's being attacked, and they're on him, and there's too many, and he's going to die, and then they're being pulled off and a hand is reaching out for him and suddenly he's on his feet and his back is pressed against something strong and warm and alive and he's fighting and the dead are dropping faster than he alone is killing them.

The last dead falls and he turns to the man whose back was against his and he's met with a smile too big to have just ran his blade through a dozen bodies. His hair is tied back, half black and half red and too fucking long like he gave up on cutting it the day he gave up on dying it. Half of his face is marred with a long scar, and if Bakugou let's himself get close enough- which he won't- an old scar shows above his right eye.

Kirishima stays at Bakugou's side after that, and Bakugou wants to complain. He wants to be annoyed at the stupid fucking laugh next to him that echoes in his mind long after he's gone quiet, he wants to be mad at his constant rambling and humming as they walk in step that he finds himself listening for whenever he's alone. He wants to hate that smile and those too bright eyes that rest on the face of a man but show the heart of a boy, that look at Bakugou too fucking much and that he himself has trouble not looking at.

He wants to hate him, he wants to push him away, but months go by, and they fight back to back over and over again just like that first time and every time he turns around after the last fallen body looking for that bright smile and shining eyes that search in return for Bakugou.

He hates him, he doesn't need him, he tries so hard to tell himself this, until Kirishima's back is no longer warm and sturdy against Bakugou and he's being dragged to the ground, blackened hands gripping at his arms and clothes and Bakugou thinks only that that he'd die before he lets them take Kirishima from him.

For the first time since his mother died he's fighting and he doesn't fucking care what happens to him, he's tearing at those hands that keep clawing at Kirishima and he's covered in hands now but that doesn't matter, only Kirishima matters and those stupid fucking eyes that he can't see through the bodies.

He loses part of his left arm that day, but that's fine because he has someone to cover him where he can't, and so fucking what if his heart skips when he thinks about it and so fucking what if he's seen that old small scar up close with a forehead pressed against his own and too long hair framing his vision and breath warm against his own.

It's been a year since he found what it means to need someone again, to want someone at his side and to give up himself to keep them there, and as Kirishima walks in step next to him, light in his eyes and a song on his lips, he can't find it in himself to hate it.