a new sensation. "Enough, already," I whispered furiously. "I'm black and blue. Any more and I'll look like one of the uglies that Buffy's supposed to slay!"

Buffy looked up. "Did someone mention slayage?"

"No, it was nothing. Private stuff, you know, between Xander and me. Not, of course, that there is anything between me and Xander, not in the 'between' kind of sense—"

"It's okay, Will, I think they get it," I interrupted her babbling. I'm beginning to understand, I think, what's behind her on-again/off-again speech impediment.

"Yeah," Buffy agreed. "Willow and Xander conversation, Buffy and Angel conversation. I get it."

Just so long as there wasn't any Angel and Xander conversation, life would be fine.

"So what are you three up to tonight?" Angel asked, glancing first at Buffy and then at Willow before finally looking at me.

Brown eyes boring straight into my soul. I couldn't breathe.

By the time I could focus again, Buffy was explaining the cluricaun/Cordelia incident. "So," she concluded, "if you see any little men dressed in green—"

"Who may or may not be riding sheep or dogs," Willow interrupted.

"—who may or may not be riding sheep or dogs, be sure to let us know."

The corners of Angel's mouth quirked up—not quite a smile, but almost. "I'll keep my eyes open for this vile fiend from the pit of hell," he said.

Well, yeah, when you put it that way, it really did sound ridiculous. Willow and Buffy were grinning, and I had almost managed a smile.

Then he put his arm around her shoulders.

I never used to get jealous. Envious, maybe, but not jealous. Not until the vampire/slayer lovefest started. I don't even know if they realize they're doing it, all the looks and touches that say they're together and it's "special."

I couldn't stand to watch any more, so I turned and headed across the park in the opposite direction. Let them think I was hunting the cluricaun. Let them think whatever they wanted, I just wanted to get away.

And the part that sucked—really, really sucked on an epic scale—is that I wasn't sure, now, who I was jealous of.

I was so focused on putting one foot in front of the other while trying, unsuccessfully, not to think about the whole Angel/Buffy problem, that I almost jumped out of my skin when the little yappy dog let loose. I looked up from the ground and was face-to-face (or, more accurately, knees-to-face) with the cluricaun.

He was a little guy, bigger than a G.I. Joe figure but smaller than a midget, and he was riding a terrier like it was a horse. The label on the bottle in his left hand said "Bushmill," and may have had something to do with how tightly he clung to the dog's collar with his right hand.

I couldn't believe my eyes. He was wearing a kelly-green pinstriped suit and a matching green fedora was balanced on top of curly brown hair that looked like it had been combed with a weed-whacker. Even his eyes were green. With a face that looked like it had seen one too many bar fights, he didn't match my mental picture of a leprechaun. Actually, he looked a lot like a Mafia boss. A Mafia boss with really bad fashion sense.

"Um, guys," I yelled, nervous about turning my back on the cluricaun. "Guys! I hate to interrupt your little coffee klatch, but this is a little green man alert!"

There were footsteps behind me, and I desperately hoped that it was Buffy and company. The last thing I needed right then was to have some other nasty sneak up on me. Of course, with my luck that was exactly what would happen.

"So you're the little guy who posed such a threat to Cordelia's virtue."

Angel.

My heart started beating again. If it had to be a vampire behind me, at least it was a friendly one. Admittedly, Angel was maybe a little too friendly.... Or not friendly enough? Sometimes I think my subconscious has a lot to answer for.

I shook my head. Now was not the time for self-analysis. Now was the time to catch a cluricaun. Later, I could make myself miserable thinking about this weird obsession with Angel that I seemed to have.

"Keep your eyes on him," Willow said from behind me. "He can disappear if he can make us look away."

"Now why would I wan' do that?" the cluricaun asked. His speech was slightly accented and slurred. He squinted and peered unsteadily at Willow. "'s a lovely jumper,