, grabbing onto Dave's foot. "Now you KNOW that ain't a good motherfucking idea bro. Gonna make you pay for that one later, but let's just get ya settled on the cross for now, unless, you want me to just flip you over right here and now and get too it." Dave grimaced as best he could at the idea. "That's what I thought, now come on get to your feet."

 Complying, Dave was soon lead over to the large wooden cross on the wall. Pulling out the same pocket knife Gamzee smiled, dragging the edge of the blade up Dave's ass. "Nice view you got there bitch," he snickered before cutting the ties on Dave's wrists. Shooting Gamzee a quick glare Dave gnawed down on the cloth in his mouth. There was SO much he wanted to say to this prick, so very much.

 Gamzee just grinned back, taking Dave's newly freed hands and some new usable zip-ties to bind the blond's wrists to the cross. "There, all nice and tight," Gamzee cooed, reaching up to pull the wash cloth from Dave's mouth. "How you feeling motherfucker?"

 "Fuck you shitface."

 "That's what I like to hear." Gamzee's grin seemed to grow as he was insulted. "Now let's get down to business."

 Stepping away from Dave and to the foot of his bed, Gamzee knelt down in front of the large chest he had placed there. Opening it up he revealed a plethora of toys, most of them pervertables. Some of them though, were finely crafted paddles and a pair of leather floggers. For now though, he pulled out a wooden spoon with a long handle. “Time to cook up some fun.”

 Dave knew exactly what that particular horrible pun meant. He didn't have to look to know what was in Gamzee's hand when he walked back over. What he wasn't excpecting though what the other's hand to smack down harshly on his left asscheek. It didn't pull away either, instead Gamzee just dug his nails into the flesh, causing Dave to hiss. “Fucker!”

 “Just making sure you're still with me Dave,” Gamzee chuckled out, not having expected a single peep from the blond until they were in the throw of things. “Now let's get you warmed up.”

 Dave grunted in response before Gamzee began rapidly smacking him with the back of the spoon. Nothing too hard, but just hard enough to bring the blood to the skin, giving his back and ass a nice red coloring to them. “Looking hot already motherfucker,” Gamzee teased before licking his hand and grabbing onto the same cheek he had assulted before. Dave's toes curled as the cold moist palm met his heated skin.

 “Did you really have to fucking lick it?”

 “'Course I did motherfucker, if I didn't then this wouldn't sting as much.” With that he lifted his hand from Dave's rump before giving it a swift swat. This elicited a yelp from Dave that turned Gamzee's grin wicked. “Liked that huh?” He gave another bare handed smack. This one only got a grunt, Dave knew what was coming that time... “Well shit you're no fun,” Gamzee huffed before letting his grin return. “But I can fix that.”

 Stepping back to the toy box Gamzee rummaged around until he found a rubber spatula. “This will do just fine,” he said contently, running the spatula over his palm. Returning to Dave's side he brushed the spatula over his back, letting him feel the cool rubber against his inflamed skin. “Like that?” Before Dave could respond he smacked him with the spatula, the hard rubber slapping against his bare back causing Dave to shout. “Good.”

 Gamzee's hits were more deliberate now, there was more power behind them, and the harder the hit the more vocal Dave was. “Fuck!” A particularly sharp hit stung through his entire thigh, having snagged that sweet spot where the leg and the ass meat.

 “Fuck is not a safe word Dave,” Gamzee reminded before hitting the sweet spot on the other leg.

 “Shit shit SHIT!!”

 “Shit ain't a safeword either bro.”

 “I fucking know that you ass!” Dave snapped out. This was a bad idea.

 “What did you call me motherfucker?”

 “I called you an ass.”

 “Tut tut, you know what hapens to name callers. “ Gamzee left to the toy chest, picking out his floggers this time, only to crack the leather of one behind Dave. “They get punished.”

 The hair on the back of Dave's neck stood up when he heard the crack, knowing what was coming. Gamzee twirled the floggers round with his wrists before making identical smacks up Dave's ass and then down his back. Dave took a sharp inhale before Gamzee's hits with the floggers became more rythmic. The thud of the heavy hits caused Dave to