like you asked me to”, Isaac explained and let out a gasp when his father came forward and grabbed the front of his shirt.
“Mrs. Cleaver, you moron! I told you to dig a grave for Mrs. Cleaver!”, the man yelled at him and started to raise his hand, which made Isaac close his eyes in anticipation for the strike to his face.  A confused frown crept onto Isaac's face as the blow never came and his father released the grip from his shirt, looking at something over the teen's shoulder before focusing back on him. He leaned over to his son and whispered in his ear, his foul breath hot on the boy's skin.
“We're gonna work out your punishment tonight, now get the job done and fill up this hole!”, he practically growled, which was almost scarier than when he screamed at Isaac. He watched his dad spin on his heels and walk back up the path. He was still baffled that his dad hadn't hit him and when he turned around to see what had made his father let him go, he jumped back with a startled yelp as someone was standing right behind him.

“Wow, you're boss is a right asshole, isn't he?”, the teenage boy in front of him commented and Isaac realized that he actually knew him. He was that weird Stilinski kid from school, who was always goofing around and didn't seem to be embarrassed by anything. Isaac kind of admired him for that, being able to say and do whatever he wanted without caring what other people thought of him.
“That's actually my dad.”, Isaac replied, raising his eyebrows, but he couldn't keep a smirk off his face as Stiles had used one of the words to describe his father, that he'd wanted to hurl at him for quite some time.
“Well, this is awkward. ”, Stiles said and let out a chuckle, which sounded almost hysterical to be honest. “He seems like a charming man.”, the boy added and scratched the back of his head. What followed was a long awkward silence which was filled with exchanged looks between the teens and both of them glancing around at the surrounding tombstones and sunny grass.
Isaac tried to suppress a cough so he wouldn't be the one to break the silence, but it burst out of his mouth nonetheless which earned him an expectant stare from Stiles. The boy's face crumbled in disappointment when Isaac stayed silent after his coughing fit.
“Sooo...”, Stiles finally said, but then stopped talking again for another five minutes. Why didn't he just leave and save them this awkwardness for god's sake, Isaac asked himself.
“Um...so I noticed that you never go out with the rest of us guys from the Lacrosse team.”, Stiles pointed out and folded his arms over his chest as if he was accusing his classmate.
“Yeah, my dad is equally charming when it comes to me going out as he is about my work here at the graveyard.”, Isaac answered a bit hesitantly, a frown on his forehead, because he wasn't sure what Stiles was trying to get at. He'd always been under the impression that his teammates were more than happy to go out without him, especially Twitmore.

“Uh..well, Scott and I are watching a few movies together at my place today. I'm still working on getting him to agree on having a Star Wars marathon.”, Stiles explained and Isaac wasn't quite sure why he was telling him about his plans with his best friend.
“Good for you, I guess?”, he said, dragging out his words with that irritated frown still on his face.
Stilinski scratched his head again and then shook it, letting out a chuckle.
“You're really hard to invite, aren't you? I was telling you about tonight because I was wondering if you want to come over too, you idiot.”, Stiles said and rolled his eyes with a laugh, which apparently meant that he didn't really want to insult Isaac, who started to laugh along nervously.
“Well, if you're sure Scott won't mind me crashing your date, I guess I could ask my dad.”, he answered and shrugged his shoulders. A wide grin spread over his classmate's face and he nodded approvingly.

“Great, just let me know as soon as you can. Scott'll come over around sevenish and we'll order pizza before starting the movie. Here's my number, so just send me a text or whatever.”, Stiles said and Isaac almost backed away when the teen stepped closer to him, took a black pen from the back pocket of his jeans and scribbled a combination of numbers onto Isaac's hand. The boy stared at the black digits on his skin and looked up to see Stiles already walking back towards the graveyard's exit.
“Don't forget to text me Lahey”, he called over before turning his back on the other boy.
Isaac stared at the spot where his classmates had