, to learn all of Bogo’s dirty little secrets that would prove once and for all that he was an animal, and not a police cyborg from the future, like some sort of RoboCow. He would just need to get the Chief a little liquored up first, then he’d be putty in his paws.

“So…” he started.

“You agreed to be silent.”

Bogo’s reprimand shut Clawhauser up long enough for them to both finish their beers. Bogo’s stern look slowly faded into a hint of a smile by the bottom of his glass, while Clawhauser spent the time staring straight forward, forcing half his willpower into not talking, and the other half into not gawking like a tourist.

Gus came by again, “More of the same?” Bogo nodded, Clawhauser nodded. Gus didn’t move. Bogo elbowed Clawhauser. Clawhauser gave him a confused look. Gus looked at Clawhauser. Bogo looked straight ahead.

“Oh, right, right!” Clawhauser fumbled for his wallet and pulled out his own twenty, which Gus turned into two beers, and a tenner.

“Oh, and, one for Jim.” Clawhauser added before Gus could disappear to wherever it is that bartender’s go when your drink is empty, your date is bored, and you’ve looked one too many times at the list of pick-up lines on your phone to play it off. Gus swiped the ten and replaced it with a five.

Bogo gave his dispatcher a slap on the back and one of his rare genuine smiles. “One question, I think you’ve earned it.”

When did you know you first loved Gazelle? Will you host my birthday party? What is your shirt size? Have you ever killed a man with just your horns? What about your hooves? What’s your favorite ice cream flavor? Clawhauser’s mind was filled with hundreds of similarly inane questions to ask the Chief, but either it was the beer hitting him, or the aura of genuine respect from Bogo, but for some reason, he was able to push them all away. “Who’s Jim?”

Bogo nodded at the question, then lowered his voice. “That’s Old Jim to you.” Clawhauser had no idea if he was joking. “Capybara at the end of the bar, looks like he’d lay you flat for asking the time. Been here ever since I’ve started coming, place wouldn’t feel right without him.”

Clawhauser stayed silent, hoping that Bogo would continue without prompting, he had only earned one question after all.

“Think he’s at least in his sixties, was in the, mmm, never mind.” Bogo cut himself off.

“Nobody likes Old Jim,” Gus said as he reappeared, “not even me.”

“Then why did we just buy him two rounds?” Clawhauser couldn’t stop that one either. Bogo shrugged.

“Because that’s what you do. You buy one for you, one for your drinking buddy, and one for Jim.”

Clawhauser was doing some serious mental gymnastics to parse this new information, and with a mammal of Clawhauser’s size, you wanted to stand far back when he was attempting gymnastics.

“So, is he, like, the bouncer?”

Both Gus and Bogo laughed, although Clawhauser had difficulty telling who was being more sarcastic.

“I’m pretty sure a bouncer would throw Jim out soon as he saw him,” said Bogo.

“I can hear you,” Old Jim finally spoke from the end of the bar. His voice was gravely, yet soft, like he had once been a choir boy, but spent each other waking moment behind the church chain smoking and gargling gravel.

“I don’t care, Jim.” Bogo didn’t even look at Jim when he replied. Now that Clawhauser had been giving an excuse to ogle the capybara, he saw that Jim was looking straight ahead too. He doubted he’d even turned to look at the Chief when he spoke.

The cheetah lowered his voice. He might be a cop, and with Bogo, but no sense treading on toes you don’t need to be treading on. “So, what does he do here?”

“Drinks, eats, farts, and beats the shit out of anyone stupid enough to talk about him behind his back.” Jim replied.

Clawhauser’s ears went back, and he wordlessly handed Gus his last fiver, and pointed in the capybara’s general direction. The conversation died as the animals focused on drinking themselves into tomorrow. The beavers were the first to leave, their quiet argument turning into a loud fistfight immediately outside the door. Gus just shut it behind them.

“We’re off duty,” Bogo declared out of the side of his mouth when Clawhauser went to break it up. The cheetah sat back down and finished his beer.

Bogo bought the next round. One for him, one for Clawhauser, one for Jim.

“Has he ever said ‘thank you’ at least?” Clawhauser asked between sips.

“Not to anyone I