love him” Dean felt pride well up in his chest and couldn’t help but mirror the smile he saw on everybody else’s faces. 

_______________

	Once Avery was asleep, John left to burn the bones of the woman who reminded him so much of his Mary. Sam went with him while Dean stayed behind to watch the child. It was 3:27 according to the neon alarm clock residing on the night stand. He was watching a movie with only the subtitles on, so as not to wake the girl, and was laying on the bed closest to the door while his baby sister slept on the other one. I can’t believe I have a little sister. Dean thought to himself.
Lost in his thoughts, Dean was brought back to reality when he heard Avery crying. She was thrashing on the bed, fearful of the monsters residing behind her eyelids. He quickly went over to her, running his hand through her hair and speaking softly like he used to when he Sam had bad dreams.
“Hey sweetie, it’s okay you’re safe now. Your big brother has you now, nobody will hurt you” What Dean didn’t realize was that the girl had woken up and was now staring up at him. “Promise?” “Of course I promise, now try to get some sleep”. When he tried to move away the girl grabbed his hand and had a pleading look in her eyes, silently begging him not to leave her alone. Dean obliged, laying down next to her. The 7 year old placed her head on his chest and slowly drifted off into a sleep not plagued by nightmares. Dean fell asleep himself, waking when his father and brother returned home. Seeing Dean with Avery reminded him of when he was younger and Dean kept him safe at night. John knew he wouldn’t be sleeping so he took his place on the couch while Sam took his in the bed closest to the door. John knew the girl would be safer with Bobby until they caught this demon, so the next morning he ordered the boys to bring her there while he followed up leads on the son of a bitch. Little did she know she would be spending a lot longer than a few weeks there like her father had promised. Dean and Sam knew though, that that little girl was going to be the most important thing in their lives from here on out. They knew she deserved a good life, and they were determined to give her that.

Avery's been living with her Uncle Bobby for around 7 years when tragedy strikes her family yet again. This is a continuation of the boys meeting their little sister and the relationship they develop with her.

This chapter focuses more on the relationship with Avery and Bobby, the next chapter will focus more on the boys. 

Poor Avery can't catch a break, but what do you expect? I mean she is a Winchester.

Please leave comments so I can improve my work!

ENJOYYYYY!!!!!!!!!

John died a week after he made the boys drop Avery off with Bobby Singer. She had grown to be 5 feet 6 inches with long brown hair and green eyes. If Bobby didn’t know better he would have thought her and the boys shared two parents, not just one. She was a perfect mix between the brothers. Her personality too, was much like her brothers. She was sarcastic, emotionally shut off, and would eat a burger everyday just like her brother Dean but loved reading and school like Sam. Bobby was at the makeshift kitchen table in the cabin, reading up on leviathans and hoping he could figure out how to kill them once and for all. Sam and Dean were deep in it, how they were still alive was a mystery to him. He supposed they had been through worse but still, the target on their back just wouldn’t shrink. Avery was well aware of what was going on, the girl was smart, at nearly 15 years old she was also bored sitting in the cabin when she should be at soccer tryouts. “Uncle Bobby?” The nerves she had been suppressing getting the better of her as her voice caught in her throat and her Uncle eyed her with a worried look. “What’s up Avery?” “It’s just, don’t you think we should have heard from the boys by now? I mean it’s been 5 days since they last called?”. Bobby sighed. He couldn’t deny that. He also couldn’t deny that much like the girl sitting across the room from him, those boys were like his own kids. He knew they could handle themselves but things were bad out there. Hell, those sons of bitches came to his house and burned it down.

________________

	“AVERY?!” The silence that answered him would of been deafening if it hadn’t of been for the roaring of the flames that surrounded him and the cracking of wood as the house began to crumble. “AVERY!” This time he was answered by coughs, the relief her felt was quickly overtaken by worry. “Uncle Bobby, I can’t get out!” “