him at your gravesite isn't going to go down well, you know. It is not romantic, it's distasteful. Being grateful to hear you are alive is not the same as wanting to live with you again. John loved you and you knowingly left him drowning in grief. You broke his heart." "Oh like you know anything about love!" snapped Sherlock, typically ignoring the message he didn't want to hear. "You've no idea what it feels like to care for anyone. Let alone to have your heart broken."

"You're jumping to conclusions, Sherlock, you should take care with that," spat Mycroft. "I've loved two people in my life. Neither cared to love me back. I can make an educated guess at how John is going to feel about you when you stage your miraculous return."

"Two people? What two people?" demanded Sherlock disdainfully. "You've not loved any of the parade of bodies you've had warming your bed. And you may claim to love your queen and country, but it is the collective ideal, not any of the grubby individuals involved."

"How dare you question my loyalty? I learnt early enough that my duty would be to protect without expectation of acknowledgement or gratitude. My childhood was a perfect training for my current role." Mycroft listened to himself as if standing across the room, increasingly dismayed by his own loss of control and yet somehow unable to contain the flow of long suppressed emotions. Even knowing that each one he voiced would be yet another weapon for Sherlock to use against him could not stop the flood.

Sherlock surged to his feet, the better to spit his dislike into Mycroft's face. "You cared for no one during our childhood other than yourself. And you tried to mould me into a mini-you. Tried to teach me the same lessons. Fuck you. John cares for me. He'll understand."

"Oh yes, because you are such a good judge of emotions. You've no idea who I loved, who I love. What makes you think you can guess John's feelings about all this?"

"Oh spare me," sneered Sherlock. "Who are these two poor souls afflicted with your love?"

"You, Sherlock. You and Mummy. But as neither of you cared to return the sentiment, there seemed little point in showing it. I am well aware than I am not loveable. You don't need to rub it in."

Mycroft turned abruptly and stalked out the room. In his anger and his exhaustion he had committed an unforgivable error. What had possessed him to give voice to such pathetic admissions? He walked out onto the balcony that ran along the side of the small courtyard garden which lay at the centre of his home. Gripping the railing tightly with both hands, he stared down at the small haven of peace he had so painstakingly created over the years. 

He knew what many people, straight-talking people of the likes of John Watson, thought of the kind of diplomacy he excelled in. He knew they despised all the obfuscation, all the delicate talking around the key point that was never mentioned. Why not just say when you mean, a man like John would ask, why not call a spade a spade? 

Because if you never actually named the spade, you could still pretend it was theoretical. Even when you all knew otherwise. Even when the spade lay in the dirt at your feet. The naming of a thing had power to it. Once named, it could not be unknown. Once named, you could no longer pretend. Once you'd admitted that you knew yourself to be impossible to love to the brother you loved, neither of you could un-know that fact. 

They'd never talk of it, he was sure. They'd act as if it had never happened. But they'd both know. 

He took a deep breath, trying to let the scents of his garden ease the tight knot that was choking his throat. It had been an extravagant rose garden when he'd bought the house and he'd taken quiet pleasure in having them all removed. He'd replanted the garden himself, putting in an understated profusion of scented herbs, lavender mixing in with basil, mint and chamomile sharing the small space with lemon balm. The garden offered a subtle understated beauty based on plants that were useful rather than ornamental. 

Normally the soft fragrances were enough to ease the tension of yet another difficult day, but tonight no amount of slow deep breaths could diminish the ache that was spreading through his chest. He had spent a lifetime building up his facade of impregnable marble control, only to reveal the pathetic jumble of hurt feelings that it concealed to the one man who could hurt him most.

He refused to look up when footsteps on the flagstones told him Sherlock had joined him on the balcony. After a long silence his brother finally spoke. "But if you are right about John, how will telling him now help? He'll still want nothing to do with