both brains and the force, irritatingly so.

 

Why did Yuu and Kimizuki not quiet get along? It was something Shinoa always giggled at, Mitsuba shook her head, and Yoichi did his best to calm the fighting. But they pushed their heads against each other, biting their teeth hard, frustrating each other. “You wanna come at me??”

 

There were certain times of calm, when it seemed like the bickering had ceased, when they talked in peace, when they studied technique together, and it was like they comrades. After all, it was always Shiho who would watch Yuu’s back. But Yuu would say something, present an argument, and oh, it all went to hell.

 

It was a mystery how they fought together so well.

But still, Shiho watched Yuu’s back.

It’s for the good of the team, he told himself. I don’t want another thing like in Shinjuku to happen again. I’ve got to make sure he’s safe.

 

_________________

 

Come Kimizuki’s birthday, and the squad has a little surprise for their grimacing bleach haired partner. It was Yoichi and Shinoa’s idea. Just a little celebratory dinner. Shinoa’s apartment was chosen. It was large and spacey. They hung up minimal decorations but everyone sported party accessories. Copious amounts of beads hung from their necks, they wore crowns, and everybody had other distasteful party favors. Instruments to make noise and such; it wasn’t like anything matched anyhow. Yuu laughed full heartedly. “Stupid Kimizuki is really gonna like this”

 

Cooking, on the other hand, was a different hurdle to get through. Mitsuba and Shinoa had went and bought everything for dinner but it’s not like anyone on the squad knew how to cook. For the love of God. they all donned fluffy aprons and tried their best but Mitsuba had already broken so many eggs. Shinoa had burned vegetables, and Yuu suggested making chicken nuggets. Yoichi was panicking and doing his best to guide everyone, as he had brief knowledge with preparing meals, but he was not faring so well conducting everyone. The kitchen turned into a mess, with food splattered everywhere. Yoichi freaked.

 

“Everyone! Kimizuki-kun is going to show up soon!”

 

Yuu, wielding a spatula, and with some sort of formula half covering him, raised his new weapon. “Don’t worry everyone, I can save this dinner”

 

It was Mitsuba’s turn to speak. “Yuu...what the fuck can you do besides use the microwave? How can you help?”

 

“Now now Mit-chan. Maybe what we needed all along was a microwavable meal”

 

Yoichi interrupted. “You...um…. usually don’t give people microwavable food on their birthday”

 

“Yoichi is right, Shinoa,” Mitsuba declared, “This plan is an absolute mess. And Yuu, what are you doing with that spatula? There’s nothing to fight”

 

Yuu pouted and folded his arms, still holding his trusty spatula. “You never know…...the microwave is a beautiful invention”

 

“I’m afraid,” Shinoa began, “that we have to start again, if we want to deliver Kimizuki-san a dinner. Everyone, follow me! I’m sure we can do this”

 

There they stood, covered in who-knows-what, raising their kitchen utensils to the ceiling and cheering, when Kimizuki walked in through the door. He didn’t say anything, which was scary enough in itself. He stared at his teammates, wondering what all the fuss was for. They looked like fools.

 

Yuu was the first to speak up. Always so stupid and fearless. He approached the other boy.

“Yo, Kimizuki, are you impressed with my homemade cooking?”

 

Kimizuki’s eye began to twitch. Yuu looked so, so confident and this kitchen was clearly a fucking mess. He swallowed and spoke up.

 

“So, what are you trying to do here?”

 

“Ah, well, Kimizuki, surprise!!! It’s your birthday” Shinoa elaborated.

 

“That’s right, Kimizuki-kun, Happy Birthday” Yoichi chimed in.

 

From the corner of his eye he could see a banner saying Happy Birthday. So that’s why they were wearing all this weird stuff? That’s so……

 

When was the last time someone celebrated something for him? No! Don’t think about things like that. It’s stupid. This is just….a team. He looked back at them. Yuu had a stupid big grin on his face.

 

“C’mon stupid Kimizuki, you’ve got to wear the crown!”

 

This was so stupid.

 

He put the crown on and rolled his sleeves up. “So you fools want to know how to prepare some dinner?”

 

He set them to work in the kitchen, assigning each person a task but doing most of the work himself. Soon, they had recognizable food.

 

Sitting down at dinner with them felt odd…..He had shared meals with them during missions but never something like this. It felt homey. Kimizuki