to continue this.


Previously:



"Good girl " Harry Takes his thumb and slowly goes up your slit and back down. You're already wet so he slides one finger in with ease. Harrys finger starts pumping in and out of you as you let out small moans but growing more bigger each time his finger enters you again and again.



The sound of the next period bell rings loudly.



Harry smiles slipping his finger into his mouth as he opens the stall. He proceeds to walk away but you chase after him.



Now:


"You can't leave me in here!" You rush after Harry but he already left the boys bathroom. You open the door a little to peak and wait for the student rush to dry up.

Standing there until you see the last person clear the hallway you race to the main office. Acting like your mom just dropped you off at school. You walk into the office to see Mrs. Hem typing away at the computer.

"Hi Mrs. Hem, I'm sorry my mom couldn't come in to sign me into school but she had to rush to her meeting. May you excuse me from period one and give me a slip for period two?" You look at her with fake smile since you just lied. It felt so wrong.

"Of course Darling!" Mrs. Hem types in her computer and signs the yellow slip. Handing it over to you. She was just so gullible.

You walk out of the office and head to the second period class which was English. Opening the door the students in your class all look up and you hurry and hand the teacher your slip as she quickly goes over what our new assignment is. But you already have it half way done.

Taking your usual seat in the middle row you spot your best friend. Rebecca. She looks at you confused since she saw you this morning but you just shrug and start to finish the assignment.

30 Minutes later and the lunch bell rings and everyone flies out of the room. You stay back to not be in the rush of students because it can be messy. Rebecca walks over to your desk and waits for you.

"Your mom let you wear that this morning Y/N?! I can almost see your cheeks!" You push down the skirt as she says that and your face goes red.

"she insisted I wear this because of the weather, I didn't want to!" Rebecca takes off her Polo sweater and hands it to you. You wrap it around your lower stomach and feel a bit more comfortable.

"Thanks, let's go get some food then we can go to the tree." The tree was a usual hang out spot for you and your best friend ever since freshmen year. All gossip and talks were at the tree.

As you both walk into the Cafeteria, you spot the popular table and Harry Styles sitting there typing away at his phone. Also beside him was Jena and she sat in her cheer uniform with her arm draped over Harry. He looked up and saw you looking and turned to Jena giving her a look to back off.

Jena rolled her eyes and catch your eyes looking and gave you the stink eye. Oh no.

"Hey let's make this quick, too many people in this cafeteria." You signal to Rebcca who hurries and grabs her milk and sandwich. You see Jena and Harry arguing and just as she stands up you walk away.

Both you and Rebecca sit until the tree that provides shade to not make you guys sweat. There is a little breeze once in and while and it feels nice.

"How are you liking this year?" Rebecca nods as she chews her sandwich up before replying with a "good". You haven't told her about Harry and don't plan on it because it was nothing serious and won't ever happen again.

You both talk about the new clubs and the latest drama even though it's the first day. Drama here spreads fast. The bell rings and you have a free period so you head to the library to study.

 

in the library it's really quiet with you love. You can actually enjoy your work and get a good understanding. Only a few minutes into studying your phone vibrates. Weird because barley anyone texts you.

you open your phone to see an unknown number and you let out a little gasp as you read the text.


you taste so good doll. 


The text you read was short but meant so much in a way. How did Harry get my number? You were so confused you didn't realize that another text came through to you.


imagine riding my big cock baby right now on that study desk.


you look around from your phone and see no one in the library except the librarian. How did Harry know you were in here?

close your binder and shoving it in your backpack you quickly get up and start going down each library book section. You find no one.. Until you reach the end and someone grabs your wrists pinning you down on the desk in the corner.

"Ow! Please don't hurt me