he most admired about Zach while he could feel the man’s eyes on him and their knees pressing together as Zach leaned back in his chair. Being the focus of Zach’s attention was intoxicating, like a sudden rush of blood to the head. It always made Chris lose his focus a little, and he had mumbled something tired and formulaic about Zach’s intelligence just to distract himself from thoughts of Zach’s dick. Because, much as that was one of the things he loved most about Zach, that particular confession wouldn’t go down well in an interview. Well, it might, but it would most likely result in Chris’s agent using his testicles for target practice.


 



“And we enjoy a good think.”



“We enjoy a good think, yep.”



“And a good talk.”



“And other good things as well.”


 

Other good things, Zach had said. Oh, so many good things he and Zach enjoyed together. Good kissing. Good touching. Good sucking and licking and biting and fucking and, God, it had been difficult to keep a straight face with all of those thoughts going on in his head. Memories of the other good things they had enjoyed had made him relieved it was Zach’s turn to answer, although that had soon changed when Zach had broken out the Christopher, and he had cupped his chin just to have something to do with his hands.

 

“I think you can understand why I’ve tied you up like this, Christopher.”

 

They rarely use each other’s full names outside of the bedroom, but he loves it when Zach called him Christopher. It sends waves of excitement directly to his dick, a deadly mixture of coquettish flirtation and almost parental admonishment that make him feel like he’s been naughty. Or maybe is about to be. He doesn’t want to examine the reasons for it too closely. All he knows is that the sound of his full name on Zach’s lips is now indelibly associated with the memory of fantastic sex, of Zach’s hands and mouth and body near him and on him and in him. He’s hard just from thinking about it.

 

“Look at you. Hard as a rock without me even touching you. What are you thinking about to make you so hard?”

 

Pine is for teasing, for when Zach doesn’t want to be seen to be taking him seriously, for when he wants to bestow derision and affection in equal measure. Chris is for everyday use: at home, at work, in interviews, with each other’s families. Sometimes in bed, yes. But Christopher is special. Christopher is for play, for the times when Zach’s eyes are extra dark, when each touch is a little too bruising, each kiss a little too demanding, each movement a little too rough. Christopher is for when he yields to Zach’s need to possess him, and his own need to be possessed. And Zachary is the natural response.

 

“Are you listening to me, Christopher?”

 

He calls Zach Zachary because almost nobody else does, just like almost nobody else ever calls him Christopher. It’s an indication of their intimacy that they permit each other to do this. Plus, there’s something very satisfying about gasping the three long syllables of Zach’s name as Zach drives into him. Chris is not much of an exhibitionist, but he does love making noise during sex. Moans, gasps, screams, all of it. He likes to show his partner he’s having a good time. Zach is more reserved; with him, it’s mostly in the breathing, although he’s more likely to speak in full sentences than Chris, who prefers volume over content.

 

Chris is dramatically broken out of his reverie, first by the rustle of Zach’s approach and then, half a second later, by Zach’s warm mouth around his cock. The faintest hint of teeth warns him that it would be unwise to ignore Zach any longer, not that that’s possible with such exquisite suction around his dick. He moans and tries not to buck his hips up too much as Zach keeps sucking, his fingers digging into Chris’s ass and causing pressure that’s just on the right side of painful.

 

“Zach…oh, Zachary…that’s so good.”

 

Zach pulls off him, and Chris squirms, attempting pathetically to get his cock back into Zach’s mouth, but it’s no good. Zach is holding him down too firmly.

 

“So you are listening to me. Good boy, Christopher.” Chris’s dick jumps. “I’m glad I’ve got your attention. I don’t want to lose it again.”

 

“You won’t. I’m sorry.”

 

“That’s all right. But you’re going to lie here now, and I am going to show you what happens when you call me Zachary in front of interviewers who are asking us ridiculous questions. It’s going to take a long time, and I might