Lance happens to catch Shiro as he’s in the bathroom. They exchange quick “Good mornings” and soft kisses before Lance hops into the shower with a much exaggerated yawn and stretch, exploiting all lengths of his beautiful brown skin for Shiro’s eyes to happily gawk at. The former black paladin is soon to follow into the shower, wrapping his arms around Lance with kisses to the bare skin he can reach, crooning soft compliments as he buries his nose into the crook of Lance’s neck. He normally get’s swatted away regardless, Lance insistent on getting himself fresh and clean no matter how innocent Shiros advances are. Showers are quick in the morning, sharing a few kisses and playful swats until they’re both clean and smelling nice.

 

Shiro normally opts for tea in the morning while Lance prefers a hot chocolate instead, both not saying that much except for a few random humming inserts and a few silly comments here and there. They don’t indulge in fancy breakfasts with full plates or towers of pancakes as Lance can never seem to stomach much in the mornings and Shiro isn’t all that keen on cooking so early in the morning (more like he cant cook…)

 

Sometimes there mornings are a little quicker, the pair dressing in some fancy sportswear that Shiro had found and recommended (because Keith wouldn’t shut up about it). Sometimes if the two of them are up early enough and are in the mood, they’ll go for a quick morning run in the crisp morning around, maybe settling by at a cafe of sorts for something to eat or a small coffee (the only time Shiro will have one in the morning) before walking back home hand in hand, Lance more often than not criticising a persons outfit he had happened to spot during their run — Shiro just laughs and gushes internally to himself about how beautiful his boyfriend looks, with pink and flushed cheeks and curly hair combed back with nimble fingers. Lance enjoys staring at Shiro from the side whenever he gets the chance, admiring how strength seems to just radiate off of his buff boyfriend in waves, muscular arms pink from the cool temperature and a small sheen of sweat just making Lance’s mind foggy and his body gooey because damn, Shiro is amazing.

 

Morning’s for them are, most of the time, moments of silent appreciation. 

 

Lance staring at the scars that cover Shiro’s chest  as he lay huddled in Shiro’s arms during the mornings that he happens to be awake first, revelling in the defined abs of his larger boyfriend as he runs his fingers over them, giggling at the shivers Shiro makes and the way his nose just so happens to twitch. Or kissing along the broad length of Shiro’s scared shoulders as his arms are held secure around his waist, imagining all the weight that Shiro held on his shoulders through all the times he’s faced with a head-strong attitude and absolute confidence despite the worries and insecurities he buried beneath his facade. Lance just takes the opportunity eagerly, just praising his lovely leader-of-a-boyfriend for being so damn strong, strong enough for Lance to get the chance to love him for all he’s worth and deserves

 

Or Shiro holding the former blue paladin in his arms and just nuzzling into his boyfriends hair because holy quiznak is it soft, running his flesh hand softly along Lance’s sides in order to get the other to squirm in his arms and whine gently in his sleep. Shiro love’s kissing the small or light scars littered across Lance’s dark complexion, tracing them with his fingers or kissing them with his lips — he honestly doesn't mind which, just as long as he can touch. He especially enjoys caressing the squiggly marks on Lance’s hips, former stretch marks that he is trying to get Lance to love just as much as he does, all while grinning devilishly to himself at the thought of the purple marks that brand similar lines on tanned thighs. Or the times where Lance is behind him and holding him, a leg looped lazily over Shiro’s hips to compensate for the blatant size difference of the two and just drawing randomly on Lance’s hands that are wrapped and secured his waist and resting at his abdomen.

 

Sometimes they like to lay together, not bothering with morning routines and just quietly reminiscing about their adventures in space, about how the weird space food can never compare to anything on Earth, whether thats a good thing or not. Or Lance recalling his adventures with Hunk in the deep depths of some planet, most notably about how he actually had to have a jellyfish stuck on his head — Normally it’s Lance telling all the stories as Shiro just quietly listens with a tired smile as he combs Lance’s hair, Lance rambling about some stories of him and his siblings or some old recipes his mum used to whip up for him that he wishes to remake for Shiro some day.

 

Maybe it’s nothing extravagant or hectic as some assume (Lance doesn’t really hog the bathroom that badly. Shiro’s learnt ways for them to share) but it’s their favourite time