, people shouting. Sherlock sat in the grass, panting, trying to concentrate against the pain.
John leaned on him. “That was amazing, Sherlock! You were amazing!”
Sherlock grabbed his arm, firmly. “Say that again.”
“You were fantastic.”
His eyes were sincere; he had pride and admiration in his smile. Sherlock finally could breathe regularly, the headache was vanishing. He reached a hand to his mouth, hiding a smile. From his glove wafted the vague scent of chloroform.

 

The first steps were as if in a dream, then he realised his bare feet really were bringing him to John’s bedroom, he stood in front of that door, feeling the coarse wood under his fingertips. The door wasn’t closed, just ajar. Did John forget? No, he had soldier habits: he did it on purpose. Was that a silent invite? Or just a precaution?
A muffled creak, a blade of light hit the bed-clothes and arched over a wrapped body.
“John...”
Silence.
“John?”
A thrill.
“W-what?” The question came a bit too loudly. John really was sleeping then, and he was surprised by that interruption. “What’s going on, Sherlock?”
“Do you have… anything against headache?”
John sat and pushed the sheet aside. “Headache? God, do you still… why didn’t you tell me before?!” He leaned across the bed and reached to the bedside table on his left. He opened the drawer and Sherlock heard pills clacking in a plastic holder.
“Come in, sit.” Sherlock stepped in. That room smelled of John. “I have a glass of water here… I hope you don’t mind if… I’ve already used…”
Sherlock took the glass without replying and drank the pills, sitting on the bed’s edge.
“Do you think it’s because of the fight? The one with the tailor, I mean.”
“Probably.”
“Well, I suppose… it’s pretty normal, you’re constantly stressed due by pressing cases and with this arguable diet like yours…”
“Something makes me think,” Sherlock interrupted.
“What’s the news?” He read a sort of hope in John’s attempting of smile.
“My dreams.”
“Nightmares? Uh, wait what are you-…”
Sherlock rested his forehead on John’s shoulder. He hadn’t planned it, but that place seemed to be the most comfortable and healing.
His voice was a whisper. “I dream about the murders.”
“I-I don’t think it’s unusual. I dream about them too, sometimes. Especially the most terrifying.”
“I dream about them… in anticipation.”
Sherlock sensed John freezing for a moment, then a timid tremble: he was trying to laugh. “You know, I’ve read about that. Some people can do it and you have such a strange mind… I mean, who knows how your brain really works. Probably you’re influenced.”
Silence, his shoulder became motionless again.
“How… many times?”
“A few.”
“How many?” John insisted.
A new explosion of pain forced Sherlock to delay the answer. Something foreign was sinking into his brain. “Four.”
“Well… coincidence?”
“When I’m about to solve a case, I see them. They’re like stranger’s memories.”
He couldn’t understand; that was the real pain, his real desperation. And then there was the urge, the hunger, the need to be praised by John, to see his approval and his pride in his smile, in his eyes, and hear them in his words. Again and again, he couldn’t help himself. His brain was yearning for praises. Something must have broken when he was hit by that bar, he knew it. Those thoughts were like a cancer. But the only way he had to make them stop was John.
“How’s your headache?” John was trying to escape from the uncomfortable subject, that made the pain increasing.
“Are you proud of me?” Sherlock asked in one swallow. Make this pain stop. Please. Please. He could hear the pang in his own voice. It was shameful, but suddenly he had receded, needed attention like a child, didn’t care about the poor impression. He had to hear those words, now!
“I… yes…” John was worried. Maybe even scared by him, “I am, Sherlock. You’re so clever and brilliant.”
“Tell me.”
John sighed in pain and put a hand on Sherlock’s head.
“I am proud of you. “

 

All the people in the carriage stared at him wide-eyed. An old couple pushed away the other passengers and vanished among the crowd. What was wrong with them? That’s why Sherlock hated the Tube: it was populated by drunkards, strangers, lunatics, disgustingly ordinary people who got scared just because he was sitting there. Handing a