But…”

“No.” The Seeker raised her free hand, gripped Cullen’s other shoulder. “You’ve spent so many days torturing yourself, telling yourself there is nothing else you can do. That there is no other option. But there is an option, Cullen. You just need to grasp it. And since you did not deny Maxwell as your friend, shouldn’t helping him be your duty?”

Cassandra had always been forceful in her determination, and when she came up with ideas good enough to put everything at stake, that determination became contagious. Cullen watched as it enveloped him once again, coming through the physical contact they were sharing, through the flare in the Inquisitor’s eye.

It was overwhelming.

“I need to think,” he said weakly. “I’m not saying this because I want to refuse the enthusiasm, I just… I need to think. To talk to someone. To Cole and… maybe to Maxwell, too.”

Cassandra nodded and let him go, though hesitantly.

“Of course,” she agreed, lowering herself back on the chair. “Thank you. It means a lot to me.”

“I know. And I’m sorry I’m not meeting your expectations. It’s a difficult decision.”

“Do not worry, Cullen. I understand.”

“Thank you.”

The Commander rose to his feet, and that action alone was terribly costly. It seemed that the knowledge he had gained, stole the remains of his energy that the previous night hadn’t taken. Cassandra noticed the change and sprung to her feet as well, but Cullen raised a hand to stop her.

“I’m fine,” he said. “Don’t worry about me. I will talk to them, send letters to Dorian and Vivienne, and then sleep for a while. I promise.”

“Forget the letters, I will deal with them,” Cassandra assured him. “And you can leave the recruits to me. As your Inquisitor, I forbid you to leave your bed today. Is that clear?”

Cullen sighed. “Yes, Inquisitor. I will do my best.”

“Good.”

He left the chamber, trying to look as solid as possible, but when the door behind him closed, his knees nearly gave out. The Commander grunted and began walking forward – tired or no, he wanted – needed – to talk to Maxwell at least. He needed to know what the Herald was thinking about. How he remembered his past. If he thought he’d become angry when they brought him back… Cullen needed to know a myriad of things.

He couldn’t believe there was a reason to wonder aloud.

As he went, feelings rose within him, battled against his fears - and the more they clashed, the more exhausted he became. Still, he proceeded, because there was a victor in that uneven battle – the memory of him and Maxwell sharing happiness, supporting each other. Being there for each other. If he was careful… maybe he’d be able to experience that again.  That realization was the power that drove him forward, step by step, and he felt himself slowly surrendering.

Scared but hopeful, Cullen opened the door to the former Inquisitor’s chamber… and found no one there.

Commander Cullen wasn’t having his best days at Skyhold, and it didn’t get any better when said days turned into nights. Once the sun hid itself completely behind the giant mountains, normal people tended to rush to the warmth of their beds, but it just didn’t work for the Commander that way, and each time he crawled under the blankets and forced his eyes shut, neither colorful dreams, nor peaceful darkness greeted him. An undying feeling of guilt was blooming inside the man, and he didn’t know where to hide from it or if he had a right to do that.

Maxwell had been missing for a week when a significant letter came in and was quickly delivered to the Commander’s working table by Cassandra. The letter wasn’t exactly short, and its contents were drenched in polite patience – a diplomatic trait common to well-educated people. The implication was plain and simple.


We want him with us. He doesn’t belong with you anymore.


Maxwell’s brothers didn’t find the Tranquility sentence fair - to put it lightly - and Cullen was positive that not unlike Cassandra, they’d have tried to prevent the punishment from happening if they’d seen it coming. They certainly wouldn’t be happy to hear about their brother’s disappearance.

“Maker’s breath…” the Commander sighed, releasing the letter from his grasp. It fell to the table with a soft, barely existent sound. “It seems they have finally found an acceptable place to live.”

Cassandra pushed away from the wall and walked back to the table, her hands folded tightly across her chest. “They aren’t knocking on our door yet,” she said.

“Even if they were, there’s nothing for them here.” Cullen folded the paper. The