he has a break from the meeting. I called him to ask if I could borrow his credit card and his response was “Sure darling, buy whatever you want, Daddy’s treat.” I smiled at his response and told him I loved him and hung up. I went down the streets and grabbed a coffee. After that I went to my favourite sex shop and the workers there greeted me friendly. “Need something for Liam, sweetheart?” the elder lady asked me. I chuckled because they knew me too well here. “Yeah, Liam has had a lot of stress lately and I want to please him real good tonight.” They helped me search until one of them said “How about this?” and help up a maid’s lingerie. I swallowed hard because I remembered when Liam once told me he is into that kind of stuff. I stared at the lingerie and smiled because I finally found what I needed. I took it and bought some strawberry flavoured lube and a sparkly butt plug. I paid for my things and left the shop with a smile on my face. I went onto a public toilet and put on the butt plug so I am prepared for Liam’s big dick. I went home and decided to watch some stupid TV until comes home. After a while I realized he was going to be home soon so I went into our bathroom and stripped off my clothes. I took out the lingerie and stared at it for a while. I wasn’t sure about it anymore but I muttered a “Fuck it” to myself and put on a red lace thong, a short black skirt and this weird white aprons maid always wear. You know what I am talking about. There are also some nipple clamps to put on but I am waiting until Liam gets home or the pain will be unbearable.  

Liam’s POV: The meeting went absolutely amazing and I was asking myself, why I made such a fuss about it. Our clients signed the contract and everything went perfectly fine. I drove home and couldn’t wait to see Zayn and tell him how bad I felt for not spending that much time with him. I opened the front door and took off my shoes and coat. I couldn’t wait to finally get rid of that stupid suit. I figured Zayn was upstairs because the kitchen and living room were empty. I went into our bedroom and sat down at the end of the bed. “Zayn, darling, where are you?” The bathroom door opened and Zayn approached in a maid’s outfit with nipple clamps on. “At your service Mr. Payne” I gawked at him and felt my pants tighten. “I…uhm…whoa” I was speechless and Zayn just smirked at me. I patted my lap and Zayn went over and sat down. “How was your day sir?” I still stared at him, not knowing what to do. “What is it sir? Did I do anything wrong?” I shook my head and Zayn whispered “Mr. Payne, I was a bit naughty today.” I smirked at him and told him to go over to our closet and get our box full with toys. He bent over, letting me see the hot thong he wore under his skirt. By now I was fully hard. He came back with it and place it beside our bed. He sat down in my lap again and started to kiss me. It didn’t take long until it became a full make out session. I sucked and bit on his bottom lip making him moan into our kiss. He loosened my tie and started to unbutton my shirt. He took it off and started sucking on my neck. I got pushed back onto the bed and Zayn marked my torso. He took off my pants and boxers and began stroking my already painfully hard dick. I moaned out loud when I felt his hot tongue licking a stripe from the base of my dick to the head. I pushed his head down, making him gag. “You like when I am rough with you hm? You like choking and gagging around my dick and me fucking your mouth hm?” Zayn moaned around my dick and bobbed his head up and down rapidly. I gripped his hair and fucked his mouth hard. He gagged but I knew he liked it. I was close and Zayn looking at me innocently made me cum hard in his mouth. He swallowed it like the good boy he is and licked my dick clean. I pulled him up and turned us around so he was beneath me. His nipples were red and swollen. I took off the clamps and started sucking on his left nipple. He winced in pain because they were sensitive but when he gripped my hair, I knew he was enjoying it. I did the same to his right nipple. I took out our fluffy handcuffs and tied him to the bed. I ripped off his skirt and admired his beautiful body and how hot red lace looks on him. He blushed because he knew his body drove me crazy. I took of the thong and saw that he was wearing a butt plug. I smirked at