shocked when she said she didn’t cook, and began to give her a spotty education in culinary arts, since she didn’t have an appropriate time for a legitimate class period.

They didn’t get around to any leisurely activities, because for right now, everything was still business related, and the young adults were still stressed with their jobs. They never mentioned the state of their financial incomes to each other, though, because that was still a personal aspect of their lives. They weren’t that close yet.

Just good friends.

For now, anyways.

(Side note: Matt and Allura actually left Pidge’s place before dinner, because Allura’s allergy meds were wearing off. Although she felt it was wasted time, her lamb shank efforts were not in vain, as she enjoyed the meal. Or rather, Bae Bae enjoyed it. Pidge couldn’t swallow more than five bites without gagging. Thank goodness her brother didn’t stay for that.)

I hope whoever's reading this is enjoying it. There should be some emotional bits in the next chapter.Also........I HID ANOTHER ANAGRAM. DUN DUN DUN!

Another busy weekend, another long wait. I apologizeSuper excited for close to 100 Kudos!!


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Two months passed in this fashion. Although Pidge was still stressed financially (gas essentials had been more frequent), she was feeling socially relaxed. Slightly.

But just when life seems to be increasingly sufficient, it throws a curveball.

Pidge was writing a couple of notes on her tablet while her second graders, grouped into pairs, did in-class projects on metamorphosis. She tapped her stylus against the screen. Let’s see…….what day is today? Right. The third of December. Which means winter break in another two weeks. Thank goodness. Wait……the third?

Her monthly rent was due in four days.

Which meant her paycheck needed to come in soon. She needed to talk to the principal about that. Maybe if she could get him to give her the salary sooner, closer to the beginning of the month, then she wouldn’t be so agitated in terms of the apartment and pet expenses.

She looked at the clock, then clapped her hands to capture the attention of the students. “Since class is over, I need you to clean up. Put away your art supplies: markers, paper, scissors, whatever you used. Your papers need to be handed in, and I’ll hang them up by tomorrow.” She secretly wished they weren’t dealing with life science. It was one of her least favorable aspects in the field of science, but it was in the lesson plan for the younger kids. As soon as the students had packed up their belongings and had filed down to the playground, she went up to the principal’s office.

When she entered, he looked up and gave her a smile. “Hello, Miss Gunderson. Can I help you with something? You received the notice about your tutoring student, right? He’s absent.”

“Yes, but this isn’t about that, Coran.” The principal had recommended that the teachers call him by his first name. “It’s about…..my pay.”

“Yes, you’ll be receiving it in a couple of days. December 13th, to be precise.”

“That’s the thing. I was wondering – if I could possibly have it earlier.”

Coran raised an eyebrow. “Earlier?”

“It’s just – I have something else I need to pay for the same day it comes in, and I can’t always do it on time. So if you gave it to me earlier……” Pidge trailed off, looking at him hopefully, but an earnest expression had crossed the principal’s face.

He sighed. “Unfortunately, I can’t. If I made an exemption for you, it wouldn’t be fair to anyone else, and we can’t afford to move up everyone’s paychecks. We try to have it to our educators at the earliest times possible, and right now, that means about a third of the month in. In fact, there’s a slight possibility it might even come later this month. Terribly sorry, Miss Gunderson. I apologize. It doesn’t matter how crucial your matter is, I can’t support you there. The school board has my hands tied. So sorry.”

“Oh,” said Pidge numbly. “Okay. I understand.”

“If you need help with anything else –”

“No. No thanks. I – I’m good.” Pidge left the room dazedly, heading back to her classroom and sinking down into her chair behind the desk.

As she did so, she suddenly remembered the envelope on her desk that she’d picked up before school. She’d resolved to open it later, since she had been in such a hurry to make it to school on time, but what caught her attention that morning was that it was from the Sorebrek apartment complex manager