and Zayn tense. They quickly meet eyes but Louis doesn't really notice them she's texting Harry, even though she won't see it until she turns on her phone after she gets out of class. "Leigh did tell you about it yeah?" Lou looks up from her phone to Liam.


 


"Yeah I'm going over early to help set up..." Liam doesn't know if promising Leigh and Jade that she'd help is gonna be a good thing or bad thing now that she just invited Zayn to family dinner right before.


 


"Is that the only reason you're going early?" Lou winks tickling up Liam's side to lighten some of the tension that's burning out of Zayn and Liam.


 


Li giggles out a "Maybe" and focuses on not looking over at Zayn. She quickly changes the subject to something not involving her and her lie of a sex life, "Do you think Niall's seeing someone on the sly?"


 


Lou hums thinking for a moment. "I don't know if she's dating anyone but she is definitely fucking someone more consistently." Louis grumbles.


 


"And how would you know that?" Zayn asks skeptical of Lou.


 


"She's been flushed every time I see her and I'm not talking about practice. Not to mention her eyes have a lightness and sparkle that comes from great sex. And I may have saw a new box of condoms with a decent amount missing on the floor in her closet that was not there 2 weeks ago when I borrowed that shirt from her." Lou makes a weird hand motion over her boobs as to describe the shirt she borrowed.


 


Zayn looks to Liam, "See Lou acts aloof and not interested but in reality she is mentally logging every single thing every person around her is doing or saying for later purposes." Zayn smirks shaking her head at Louis.


 


"That makes me feel better," Liam says cuddling into Louis' side. "I thought she was too busy for me or like mad at me but maybe I'm not paranoid and she's just got a new secret fuck buddy." Liam says grabbing Louis' unoccupied hand and lacing their fingers together. Zayn's watching them intently and Liam has the urge to fix her hair or check how she looks but instead she just cuddles closer to Lou trying to hide from Zayn's gaze.


 


"Why would you think she was mad at you? Niall's love of you mixed with her personality means even if she was mad at you it would only last 5 seconds until she saw your pouty face." Lou cooes bringing her face close to Liam's and peppering light playful kisses on her cheeks.


 


"I don't know, sometimes I get irrational and think no one really likes me." Liam mumbles squirming as Lou's lips tickle her cheeks.


 


"Not possible." It is not Louis who says it, but Zayn. They both struggle to keep the shock off their face at the outburst. Zayn doesn't really know Liam very well but she can tell Zayn's response is earnest. "You have an aura similar to Harry's that just sucks you in. And if that doesn't get to you, the puppy eyes and perfectly pouty lips will. It's fucking adorable."


 


Louis shoots up her phone vibrating like crazy. "It's 2! Harry is out of class." She starts gathering her things. Even with being jostled by Lou, Liam can't rip her eyes off of Zayn.


 


"Aahhh yes time for you to return to your cozy home up her ass." Zayn mutters getting up as well. She doesn't seem flustered or embarrassed by her words but Liam does.


 


"Yes and what a lovely ass it is." Lou says waltzing out Liam's room.


 


"Thanks for having me, I've got class..." Zayn says stopping in the doorway. Zayn gives her a look Liam can't read and she wants to scream her frustration."See ya around." Zayn smiles and follows Louis.


 


As soon as she hears the front door click shut, Liam rolls over in bed, shoving her face in a pillow and screaming. "Fuck, fuck, fuuuuuccckk." She mutters to herself.


 


She tries to busy herself puttering about the apartment straightening up little messes she made with Lou but her mind keeps wandering back to Zayn. She's still in shock, if she is being honest.


 


Zayn's passionate response towards her greatest insecurity, being liked and accepted, makes her feel like she lost her footing and cannot regain it. She cannot believe Zayn thinks Harry, beautiful warm free spirited, have any similarities especially their charisma.


 


She makes a split second decision grabbing her phone and looking through her messages to find the number she was looking for.


 


Starting a new message,


You barely know me...



How do you know?



-Li



 


She sends it quickly and distracts herself from her phone by getting some water to drink.


 


About 15 minutes later her phone chimes


 



Cause I don't like many people but I like you. You