turned to look at Hood with an amused expression, “Did you wish really hard?”

   Hood raised both hands in a sign of peace, “Don’t look at me doll, you can blame this one all on Batsy. Or rather… Owls-y? It was a Bruce Wayne, just not our Bruce. Or that Bruce. It’s easier if you just number them. Our’s is of course Bruce-1, that brood-master over there is Bruce-2, and then the third one that we haven’t met yet is going to be called Evil-Bruce.”

   No one spoke for a long moment until, “I’m going to need a strong drink. Alfred?” Dick asked as he made his way towards the cabinets. 

   “Master Dick you know very well your 21st birthday isn’t for another month. You’ll be having milk with the meal like everyone else. Unless of course, any of you plan on not going out on the town this evening?” Alfred asked primly and raised skeptical brow.

   No one challenged him as they all sat down around the table. He was left at a loss at what to do until Jason came over to him. “So Bruce-2, you can sit by me yeah? I mean, unless you want to be between either lovebird.” Barely able to look him in the eye, let alone speak to the boy, he wordlessly did as he was asked.

   Everyone was eating their dinner as if this was normal. As if none of them were vigilante crime fighters, or it was perfectly reasonable to have two of the same person sit at the table. He was so confused, he wanted torage, he wanted to shout, he wanted answers dammit, and what the hell did Jason mean by between either lovebird?

   His emotions were all over the place and he didn’t like it. Something must have shown on his face because Barbara took pity on him and explained what in the hell they were doing. “After Jason joined the Batfam, Alfred put his foot down regarding meals, so we all promised to have one solid meal a day to appease him. Just ended up it was easier for us all to have dinner here before suiting up to head out. Saved time and this way Alfred can make sure we keep our word.”

   “And how long has Jason…” he couldn’t finish his sentence, his Jason had only been training with him for five or six years before everything happened. Before everything went wrong.

   Jason looked up from scarfing down his food, at least some things stay the same, “I’ve been livin’ with Bruce since I was 12, I’m 17 now.” Seeming to think of something he pressed further in an excited voice, “What about your me? Jason-2?”

   His throat closed up and his heart nearly stopped. He couldn’t tell them. He couldn’t tell them that the man sitting at the opposite side of the table beat Jason to death with a crowbar. Before a near immortal man brought Jason back to life but it took so much out of him… how he became Red Hood to mock his murderer, how sometimes he hated Bruce and their relationship would never be the same.

   So he skipped some bits. “You’re the Red Hood in my world. Very different than… Jack’s… however.”

   Everyone looked surprised, and Jason turned to Hood with a wicked smile, “Ha! Told you I could wear it better! What the Red Hood outfit needs is leather.”

   Hood snorted and mock glared at the teen, “Over my dead body, kid.”

   Not your dead body, his. He thought morosely. Desiring a subject change, he looked to his other self. Blue eyes catching blue an understanding passed between them. The man turned to both Hood and Jason, interrupting before their playful argument could continue. “Jason, can you and Dick and Barbara handle patrol again tonight? We need to continue on the Phase Oscillator so it will be completed as soon as possible.”

   Shrugging and putting on an attitude only teenagers can exude, “Depends. Am I getting a motorcycle for my 18th birthday?”

   Hood stood up and ruffled the boy’s hair as he passed him with the dishes, “You and your motorcycle fetish!”

   “Jason…” Bruce continued in a low tone.

   “Oh alright fine. Yeah I’ll go with Nightwing and Batgirl. But seriously-”

   “I’ll think about it.” Bruce interjected with a smile. “Now finish your food and suit up.”

   Everything was so surreal. The more time he spent with these people, the more his feelings were mixed. He hated this world, he loved this world. They were all so happy and together and- why couldn’t this have happened to him? They have a hero-Hood-and-no-Joker, they have an alive-and-sane-Jason, a still-speaking-to-them-Dick, Barbara wasn’t in a wheelchair, how was any of this fair?

   He