get dispensation, do it, and pop right back up in the line of duty. She could keep workin’, I would stay home.”

Steve giggled. Bucky hadn’t heard him giggle since ‘38.

"Yours, huh?"

"Damn right," Bucky growled insinuatively. "I’d sign off on it."

"Eat your powdered eggs, Bucky," Steve admonished. "You crazy jerk."

He should’ve said yes, he should’ve said yes, he should’ve asked Peggy, she’d have said yes, too. Even if it’d been an accident, he’d have had- he’d have had something left- someone-

***

"I don’t-" he started to explain, and Sam kissed his shoulder.

"Lots of stuff we can do other than that," he assured him. "Can I ask why?"

"Eighty percent probability," Steve said, his shoulders coming up to his ears, his face pink.

"Damn," Sam said, blinking. "That’s- that’s kinda insane."

"It’s the serum," Steve explained. "I’m pretty effective at, uh- everything."

"Either way?"

"Either way." He swallowed thickly, running his hands over Sam’s shoulders. "So, uh- you know. Anything but."

"Completely fine, Cap," and Steve didn’t like anybody else calling him Cap in bed, but from Sam it was cute. "I ain’t even a little bit offended."

"Thanks."

***

"So, um," Steve was cuddly, and Sam either was, too, or he was willing to indulge him. "Ever had a scare?"

"Once," Steve admitted. "But it was before I got big. Turned out to be pneumonia."

"Do you want kids?" Sam asked him, and Steve could hear that Sam did but he could see why Steve wouldn’t, and it wouldn’t be a dealbreaker, not necessarily.

"I don’t know," Steve answered honestly. "I don’t know."

***

"Do you want kids?" Sam was asking, and Steve nearly choked on his toothbrush.

"Fuck, I don’t know," Bucky grumbled. "I’m a mess. How even old am I?"

"Thirty," Sam said. "Near as we can figure."

"We’ve still got time to think about it, then, haven’t we?" Bucky said, running his fingers through his hair. "Steve can figure it out. He’s the one who’d do it, anyway."

"I’m not going to," Natasha agreed. "Steve’s in the best shape."

“My shape’s fine,” Sam grumbled, but it was perfunctory and Steve knew it. “I’d have great kids.”

"Steve would be disgustingly pretty pregnant," Natasha said, and Steve could picture her, laying across Bucky’s lap with her head in Sam’s. "Wouldn’t even get stretch marks. His c-section would heal up so smooth it’d be like nothing ever happened, and his pecs are at least as nice as my breasts, anyway."

"Do I even get a vote in this?" he asked, folding his arms as he wandered into the living room.

"Nope," Sam informed him. "You’re having the babies, super guy."

"At least two of them," Bucky amended, a smirk tugging the corner of his mouth. "One of mine, and one of Sam’s."

"And then Sam’s having one of Bucky’s," Natasha announced, and Sam covered his face with his hand. "Just watching them try is going to be fun."

"You’re ridiculous," Steve told them, throwing his hands up in the air. "Four parents for three kids. That’s ridiculous."

"Five kids," Sam said. "Give them an advantage."

"Why not seven?" Natasha’s teeth were almost showing.

"Sounds about right," Bucky conceded. "Six for Steve and one for Sam."

"Oh, for Christ’s sake," Steve grumbled, shaking his toothbrush at them. "I hope you all like that couch. You’re sleeping on it."

Anonymous said:Hi, I just found your tumblr and I think I'm in love with all your fics. I saw the OT4 mpreg ficlet and I really enjoyed it. Can I make a prompt for more in that universe? I'd like Sam and Bucky double-teaming Steve to get him pregnant with Natasha helping out, please? Thanks.

I am so embarrassed by these!MPREG is not my kink (I am violently tokophobic) and the first time it actually clicked in my head that someone could be deeply aroused by the prospect of conception/pregnancy was doing Spock/Uhura pon farr RP with melospiza.I say “embarrassed” because I’ll do this kind of thing anyway, a) to stretch my writing