.

But like the slut he was, Max continued to bob on the penis before him. Space Kid threw his head back and came into and around Max's mouth. Space Kid was panting, his knees shaking.

Max hastened his pace and squeeze a bit tighter around his cock. Giving his erection the right amount of friction he needed, he spilled all over the floor. He panted and looked up at Space Kid.

"You aren't no fucking virgin now, happy?"

Space kid nodded. Recognizing that Max needed to take a shower himself, he took the hint and left to get dressed.

Having taken his shower and finally composed and clean, Max walked out of the shower house. He sighed, remembering that he had to help cook breakfast today. As he walked to the mess hall, he looked around. Everything seemed quiet and still. Maybe the rest of today would be calm. As he opened the door to the kitchen, he saw Dolph leaning against the door job, arms crossed. He was staring directly at him.

“You are late,” Dolph complained, thunder cracking in the background.

Max just shrugged and tried to push aside Dolph to get into the kitchen, but Dolph wouldn’t budge. “You cannot come in here like that,” said Dolph.

Max sighed and asked, “And why the fuck is that?”

“You are not dressed properly,” stated Dolph.

Max glanced back down at himself. He had his sweatshirt and his panties on. As soon as he tried shoved his way past, Dolph grabbed his wrist and forced him bodily down onto the ground. Dolph towered over Max.

“You have done three things wrong: You cursed at me twice, you came late, and you aren’t dressed properly,” stated Dolph, “so you will need to be punished. I want you to hurt me.”

Max stared with confusion. “Um, okay? Normally, you hurt the person who's in trouble, but I can deal with this,” commented Max. He pushed himself onto his elbows. “What exactly do you want me to do to you, little masochist?” smirked Max.

Dolph, who was over still standing over Max, took off his shirt and dropped it onto the floor. He unbuckled his pants and dropped them. He stepped out of them and crossed over to the stove where pots and pans were heating up. Dolph put his hand out as if gesturing to the assortment of kitchenware.

“I want you to burn me,” stated Dolph.

“You can’t be serious” laughed Max. He stood up and crossed over to Dolph.

“I am completely serious,” stated Dolph. He grabbed a small saucepan from the stove. He turned off the gas and held out the pan to Max. He grabbed it by the handle and flipped it upside down. He quickly tapped his finger onto the bottom of the pan. It was hot but not enough to burn his finger for that split-second test.

Dolph lay down on the cold, cheap, off-yellow linoleum and demanded, “Do it."

Max sat next to him. He slowly lowered the hot pan until it hovered about an inch above the other’s skin. He lightly tapped it on the skin and put it back into the air. Max looked at Dolph.

He looked angry. “Keep it on longer," Dolph said, putting his hands behind his head petulantly for a little bit more comfort.

"Whatever you say."

Max then lowered the hot saucepan onto Dolph's belly right above his navel, leaving it there for a good ten seconds until he heard a satisfied moan escape Dolph's lips. Dolph thrust his crotch into the air as his member swelled in his tighty-whiteys. Max lifted the pan off, revealing a red blotch.

"Again," Dolph demanded.

Max complied, laying the hot metal on the same spot. Dolph only lasted five seconds before releasing a pained moan. His flesh was far more sensitive since the first time. Dolph was now clearly pitching a tent in his underwear, as he commented, "It hurts so good."

Max shifted on the floor so that he was over Dolph’s thighs. He pressed the pan down for a couple of seconds until a loud groan erupted from Dolph. The boy thrust into nothingness. Max smirked at the view. The normally stoic Dolph moaning at the pain he was causing? Honestly, it was pretty funny.

“Get a new pan,” ordered Dolph. Max did as he was told and crossed the room to the stove. He picked out a small pot probably meant for heating up small batches of oatmeal. He turned off the gas and went back over to the boy on the ground.

He sat back down and hovered the pot over Dolph’s thighs. He pressed down for a couple seconds. Dolph has panting hard. His erection strained against his underwear. Max pressed the pot down closer to Dolph’s underwear line. He pushed down on the boy’s skin. Dolph growled from his chest.

A cruel idea popped into Max's head.