myself! When she does she pulls her headphones off and blinks at it. No-one phones a lowly peon in the Cyber Division even during business hours. Why would they call at five twenty-four?

It keeps ringing. It must be a wrong number, she decides, and picks it up. "Greetings, gentlebeing, you've reached the Oracle of All Knowledge, how may I direct your call?"

A man says, "Penelope Garcia, I presume?"

Oh, frell, she thinks blankly, and squeaks, "Yes, sir?"

"This is Agent Hotchner. Can you come for an interview tomorrow at ten?"

"T-tomorrow, sir?" she stutters, and grabs a quick breath. "At ten. Right. Sir. Yes, sir, absolutely."

"Good. I look forward to meeting you."

And he's gone, and it's still five twenty-four, and she's sitting with her mouth open and only the phone still in her hand to reassure her that she probably didn't just imagine that.

*

She goes home and stares into her wardrobe in despair. It's a story of two halves: the clothes she's comfortable wearing, and the clothes that are appropriate. She tries on a suit and grimaces at herself in the mirror. She looks like she's trying to look professional and failing miserably. She tries another, just as bad.

She pauses to make herself dinner and dessert, then comes back to it. She tries on every suit in the wardrobe, then starts on her own clothes, and— Suddenly she can breathe again. They fit, and not just because they don't ride up and force her to perform the Picard Manoeuvre every five minutes. They make her feel like Penelope Garcia, hacker extraordinaire and serious contender for the BAU technical analyst position.

Albeit a tragically black-clad version of herself. Come to think of it, she's been kind of a gloom-meister for the last couple of months. Years, actually. Maybe it's time for a change. Put some colour in her life.

She pulls down some emerald green curtains and gets out her sewing machine and makes herself a jacket and skirt to the pattern of an old black thing that she's just decided she's never going to wear again. She lines them with the purple satin from an old sheet, and turns a strand of the beads hanging in the doorway to her boudoir into a necklace and earrings. She paints her fingernails purple, then finishes the bottle on a pair of shoes, then ransacks her cruelty-free cosmetics for the finishing touches.

No, wait: the finishing touch is to take her hair out of this godawful french knot and put it up in two beribboned pigtails instead.

Perfect.

It's well past four am. She collapses happily on her bed and smiles up at the ceiling. It's plain white: she needs to do something with that. And she should start up knitting again. And theatre. She used to love theatre. Why did she stop doing it? It doesn't matter, she's going to find a club and start again, and get a kitten, and llamas, and a duck, and...

*

The phone wakes her. Oh God, she thinks, stumbling back out to her tote bag to find it. What time is it? At least she's wearing her glasses this time. She finds it — sees with relief that it's still seven twenty-two — and answers with the brisk "Hello?" she should have used yesterday.

"Agent Hotchner," he says as briefly. "Something's come up. I'm going to need you here at quarter to eight instead."

"Tonight, sir?"

"This morning."

She blinks, and double-checks on the microwave clock. "That's... in twenty minutes." The guys weren't kidding about him telling people to jump — and she doesn't care. She wants this job. "I'll be right there, sir," she says decisively and, throwing her phone back in her tote bag, dashes to the bathroom to brush her teeth and spray on some deodorant. She looks at herself in the mirror and despairs. How is it possible for one woman to look simultaneously so fabulous and so wildly inappropriate for an interview at the FBI? But she can't do anything about that, she has to go.

*

She takes a suit and her makeup bag with her in case a wormhole appears on I-95 and gifts her with a spare five minutes at the other end. It doesn't.

The woman waiting for her at HR blinks at her like she's just brought Technicolor to Pleasantville, and looks around at the clock as if debating whether she can get her to change in the next forty-seven seconds. Deciding not, she shakes her head and ushers Penelope to a meeting room, all glass and steel. "This is Technical Analyst Garcia," she says in studiedly neutral tones, and