child was a girl, 5, she had long brown hair tied up in two buns like her mother, but she had a wild attitude like her father.

Neji and Kouken (a woman he had an arranged marriage with (not that they didn't grow to love each other deeply)) had one child, a boy named Hizashi, 7 years old. He had long black hair, and pale eyes. He was normally pretty quiet and to himself, but when his friends pushed enough he became energetic, often losing himself in fun.

I sat at a picnic-less picnic table with all of the other parents as we watched our children play. "So Naruto," I heard Ino call, and I looked to her. She had a worried look on her face as she continued, "How are things going with Sakura? Do you know where she is?"

"…" I remain quiet for a moment, then look back towards the children. "Yeah, everything's fine. And I think she went to the hospital this morning to help Shizune out." I tell her, but I can tell she is still looking at me. So is everyone else.

"…Naruto, uh…" she started again, but paused, looking to Shikamaru maybe. She often does that when she pauses about uncomfortable topics. "Can you come by our house after this? There's something I want to talk to you about."

"Alright, but I promised to bring Sayani and Fugaku to Hinata's after this. I'll see if she'll be willing to watch them for a little, if it won't take long."

"No, no, I don't think it will take long."

I go back to concentrating on my children. Sayani has assumed the leader role for the entire group, as she always does, and she's declaring teams for "Ninja War." It was pretty much team hide and seek with the word ninja slapped on it. It was split into two teams, with Sayani captain of one team, and Hizashi the captain of the other. The first captain to find where all the non-captain members of the other team hid won the game.

We watched them play "Ninja War" for a while, then they switched to another game, then another, until eventually the kids got tired. It was a few hours after they started playing that everyone got tired. Us parents chatted about a great variety of things, most of them concerning the kids; how so-an-so was able to do this, or how cute they were when they did that, just parent stuff. We talked only a little about ninja affairs, but we tried not to ruin this peaceful day with such talk.

"Okay kids," I started as they approached me from their final game, "you ready to go?" they nod with a little less energy then when we first got here. I say my good-bye's and I'll-see-you-later's, then bring my kids out of the park.

"Are we still going to Nata's?" Sayani asked, and I nod.

"If she's there, but I might have to leave you with her for a little bit, I need to go talk with uncle Shikamaru and auntie Ino." I explain, and she nods. She seemed a little sad the way she nodded, but she doesn't say anything.

Hinata-chan's house isn't too far away from the park, only a few minutes away. She moved out of her clan's house for some reason she has yet to explain to me; I think it was 6 or 7 years ago. Her house is big for just her; it has around 7 unoccupied bedrooms, and two floors. It's probably just because she is used to having a more luxurious lifestyle, so she might feel uncomfortable in a smaller house. We reach it, the tall blue house with the large front yard, and I ring the doorbell.

She opens the door after a minute. She looks tired and upset for a split second, but almost immediately brightens up after seeing us. "N-Naruto-kun! Sayani-chan, Fugaku-kun too! What are you all doing here, I didn't expect you all so soon after yesterday!" she says looking at me for a moment longer than she normally does, than down to my kids. She kneels down, and they both hug her.

"I'm sorry, Hinata-chan, but they wanted to come over again. Do you mind watching them for a little bit? Ino said she wants to talk to me; it shouldn't take long."

"Oh, no problem!" she tells me, and there's something behind her voice. Some emotion of some sort, but I'm not good enough to tell what it is. I used to just flat-out miss those things; at least I'm getting better. "Take your time, I love having them over; it distracts