lit up England’s face.

“How about over there?” America suggested, pointing to a grassy area away from the other couples. When England nodded, they walked over together at a leisurely stroll. America spread out the blanket and sat down. He stretched out his legs, then looked up at England and patted the spot next to him.

The other nation regarded him carefully, before finally sitting down on the blanket next to America. It wasn’t a big blanket, and they were forced to sit close together.

“Pretty romantic, right?” America asked as he gestured toward the trees.

“It’s nice,” England agreed. “Now are you actually going to explain what led you to show up on my doorstep with a dozen roses?” he asked with a challenging glint in his eyes.

America smiled innocently. “Because I didn’t want to go another day without telling you how I felt. And I’d really like to know how you feel.” He leaned into England’s personal space and stared deeply into England’s eyes, hoping to catch a flicker of a hint. He was close enough to feel England’s soft breath and he could almost imagine the other nation’s pounding heartbeat. Or maybe he was just hearing his own, throbbing in his ears. Leaning even closer, he imagined what it would feel like to kiss those soft, sweet lips. They parted ever so slightly and America wondered what words might slip out. Love? Longing? Lust?

“I feel… a mite peckish,” England murmured.

America sighed and leaned back onto his side of the blanket. Still, he was never one to argue about food. He grabbed the sandwiches from the bag he had casually tossed onto the grass. He offered one to England, who just smirked at him.

“Oh, they’re both for you. I packed a salad.”

“What?” America gasped, but sure enough, there was a small plastic container hidden at the bottom of the tote bag. He had no idea how England had managed to sneak it into the bag. It was probably the reason he was the home of Bond, James Bond.

While England happily ate his salad, America stared down the two least appetizing sandwiches he had ever seen. He crammed the first sandwich down his gullet as quickly as possible. “Mmm, yum, yum,” he said between hurried bites. It was salty, soggy, spicy, and completely disgusting. His mouth was on fire and he wanted to puke.

England smiled sweetly. “Do you like it?”

America gasped and grabbed a water bottle, chugging as quickly as he could. “It’s um, I’ve never… I’m speechless,” he said after quenching the fires in his mouth.

“Well, good thing I made two.”

“Yay.” America stared at the second sandwich with trepidation. “Maybe I should feed the ducks with it?” he suggested. That was probably cruel to the ducks, but he didn’t think he could stomach the second one without vomiting all over England. That would definitely ruin their quasi-date and extinguish any chance that England would reciprocate his affection.

“You don’t like it,” England replied, gazing forlornly at the poor sandwich.

“No, I do!” America protested. “Well, I like you, and I want you to be happy, so I guess I could…” he nibbled part of the crust and gave England a weak smile. “Yum.”

For a second, England looked genuinely touched, but the moment passed before America could be certain and England was once again watching him suspiciously. America sighed. If eating England’s nasty cooking wasn’t enough to convince the other nation that he really cared, he didn’t know what he could do.

“It’s fine, I know you’re just…” England trailed off as a few drops landed on his head. While they had been busy talking about food, most of the other couples had noticed the darkening sky, leaving them alone in the park as it began to drizzle. “Never mind. We should head back,” England said, climbing to his feet and grabbing the tote bag before America could reply.

America “accidentally” dropped the sandwich onto the ground with relief and hurriedly folded up the picnic blanket. By the time he turned around, England had already pulled out a black umbrella and was halfway to the gate. “Wait up!” America called. He sprinted toward England as the rain grew steadily heavier.

By the time he caught up with England, he could see the other nation shiver in the cool, damp air. Inspired by a thousand romantic films, America shrugged off his bomber jacket and offered it to England. The other nation’s eyes widened in surprise. “Are you kidding?” he demanded as his cheeks flushed pink. “I’m the one with the umbrella!”

“We could share,” America suggested. He pushed the jacket toward England again and this time the other nation accepted. England handed the umbrella to America to hold as