hit me. A crushed carp won’t be reaching any top of a fall, and I don’t want to shock my friends with the sight of one suddenly showing up. They’d have heart-attacks on the spot.

Speaking of spots, there’s sure to be more surprises from where the last few came from.

Avoidance is key.


“Debris swept along with the current needs to be avoided at all cost.”


A very rare spot of relative calm water helps me regain breath for a little while. Evening is coming and my time for swimming is running out, so I can’t stay in this spot long. Calm water or no, a real break is impossible to have in the middle of a fall—never mind taking an actual rest—where even in the far corners between the rocks scattered along the banks or among the water there’s still a strong current.

I’m protected from stuff that comes floating down with the flow of the stream and also from most unexpected sideways motions of the water, but the main current is relentless and keeps clawing at me. I hope I have enough strength left to last the rest of the way up.

One deep breath of water. Then I dive back into the stream.


“The current itself weakens the carp, tires it out, and may ultimately sweep it away.



Still, a carp will press on, flinging itself ever forwards and upwards.”


This is hard… I hadn’t expected it to be this hard…

But… I must continue… I’ve come too far to give up now.

That view had better be worth it!


“Out of many carps, over even more years, there may not be a single one to make it.”


I’m nearly there. The end is in sight.

Only about 10 yards left…

5 yards…

2 yards…

A single yard…

Two feet…

A foot…

And I clear the last section of the fall to land myself into the small lake at the very top. There are a few faint wisps of mist hanging over the surface of the water, but other than that the air’s completely clear.

I can see trees standing all around the lake. Some are full of blossoms, others have fruits of some sort that glister in the twilight. There are gaps between groups of trees that let me see much further. As I thought, hoped, the bits of the landscape that peek through these gaps are breathtakingly beautiful.

Dusk has fallen and it’ll be night soon. I’m due to be back by night-time, but I’m not done here yet. I want to look around some more, enjoy the result of my work of many hours. So now I turn my gaze down.

The water of the lake itself looks sort of luminous, the way I imagine liquid crystal to look. Now that I pay attention to it, the water at the edges is rather dark in comparison to the rest. The colour is getting lighter towards the middle, with the centre part looking white rather than the shades of blue that lie around it. I think it resembles a submerged orb of light that’s floating just below the surface.

The white attracts me and I follow the pull of my instincts towards this brightest spot right in the middle of the lake. When I cross the boundary into the shimmering ring of water lying directly around the white, it feels like I’m entering a warm bath. But I’m already submerged in water, so that can’t be right.

Being this close lets me see that my liking it to an orb was more truthful than I thought. It is a white ball of light that is glowing softly.

It’s pretty. It’s calming.

Something’s about to happen.

I can feel it resonate in my scales.

Something major is coming.


“But it is not impossible.”


An inaudible sound reverberates throughout the lake. It makes the branches of the trees sway, travels through water and air alike, yet doesn’t create visible waves.

It’s like a different version of phoenix song. A distant cousin maybe.

The sound calms me, the way phoenix song does, but it doesn’t feel the same. It invigorates, yes, but it also… urges me on to a point. A touch of nervosity creeps into me that grows stronger the longer I listen.

And when it reaches the peak…

The orb in front of me explodes into light—dyeing my vision white—and expands.


“Should one finally succeed, a reward for its colossal efforts awaits.”


When I come to I find myself floating in what seems to be a white bubble of light. It’s surprisingly comfortable—despite the limited space. I fit inside snugly along with a bit more room for manoeuvring.

A few swishes of my tail let me know that I can swim in the light as if it’s water. Curious to see what it feels like, I make a few circles inside the boundaries of the ball. I follow up with a number of flips