him off the bed for the sake of Prankster's Gambit. John had tried that before, once, early in their relationship. He had not made that mistake twice. He wouldn't have even if Karkat hadn't explained the taboo of waking trolls abruptly, or even at all. Karkat had had one of his rare moments of not yelling then. He had spoken in a low voice, puffy red eyes lowered as he tended to John's injuries.

So yeah, anything that risked waking Karkat was out.

Then again, the thought of laying in a puddle of his own sweat was also unappealing.

He decided, after much deliberation, to try to disentangle himself, but veeeeeeeery carefully. If Karkat stirred even the teeniest bit, that was it, game over, he could just live with it and slowly melt into a puddle of John and regrets.

Slowly, lightly guiding the dead weight off of him, John extracted himself from Karkat's embrace. He could feel his face splitting into a triumphant grin as he freed himself of his last burden, standing proudly beside the bed.

“Hell fucking yes,” he proclaimed in a whisper, glancing at the sleeping troll that had once imprisoned him. Aww. Karkat was lying on his stomach, cheek smushed against the mattress, butt sticking up in the air from how he was positioned. John lingered a moment to look at it, because his boyfriend had a very nice ass, okay? Seriously, it was unreal.

John reached out and gave it a playful squeeze, gentle enough to not send Karkat into a very awake rage. The Cancer squirmed, letting out an incoherent whining noise as he flattened out on the bed defensively. Karkat snuggled closer to John's pillow, his new source of warmth apparently. So. Fucking. Cute.

The troll's lids flickered to half mast, eyes sleepy and unfocused. He gazed about in confusion. John stepped closer and leaned in so he was almost nose to nose with his boyfriend.

“Hey, buddy. Good morning.” He spoke softly, and kissed Karkat on the nose. The troll blinked at him uncomprehendingly for a moment, clumsy and pretty and innocent, before leaning in.

Another Karkat fun fact: he was an affectionate morning person.

The Cancer's face bumped into John's clumsily. The troll furrowed his brows and made a confused and pained, “Mmr...?” noise. John giggled and pecked him lightly. Sleepy Karkat kisses were The Best Thing. They were clumsy and chaste and brief, but so, so sweet. They made John feel all warm and fuzzy inside.

It was hard to tear himself away from the loving half-asleep troll, but the heat persisted. John gave the troll one last peck before rising, his resolve almost melting at the little disappointed whine Karkat released. Damn though, why did Karkat have to be so cute. It was just plain unreasonable.

John turned away so he wouldn't be swayed by those half open eyes watching him pleadingly, and focused on the matter at hand. It was hot, which meant John was sweating, which meant he was sticky and gross and it smelled awful. A cold shower would help some of these things, but still, he didn't want to return to a stifling, stinking room. Solution: open the windows! That would both clear and cool the air. John was the genius. It was him.

After opening all their bedroom's windows, and all the others in the house for good measure (he left the curtains closed over them though; the only person who really should see John in his underwear was Karkat, and vice versa), he set off to the restroom. John wrinkled his nose as he peeled off his soaked boxer-briefs. He would have to grab a new pair later.

Cold showers were hard, even on the days he need them. He must've spent at least five minutes hopping in and out of the freezing spray. Eventually he sucked it up and vigorously soaped himself down. Ah man, his crotch rocket was totally turtling, and he could probably stab someone with his nipples. Oh, well. At least he was cool now.

When John returned to their room a few minutes later, he found it considerably less smelly, and a bit colder too. Karkat had rolled onto his back, pulling the many blankets up over his head. The few dark hairs sticking out of the lump were ruffling in a slight breeze.

“Karkat?” John stage whispered, wondering if the troll had fallen asleep. Karkat lowered his blanket cocoon some to glare at John.

“You moronic nooklicking sparklefuck.” His voice was grumbly-growly, and muffled by the blankets. “What ever possessed you to do that? Is it really so impossible to just let me sleep in peace? Has some other lumpsquirting doucheballoon tied you down and forced you to be the bane of my existence, or is that your own doing? Here I was, as happy as a crotchblistering clam in my slumber, and you just had to go and fuck it up. What was once a peaceful period