it.

 

It’s 7pm sharp when Yixing clocked out and is on his way to the door when he chance a glance to Baekhyun’s office, surprised that it’s still lit up coz he usually goes home early than everyone else. After a little self-deliberation, he decided to check on his friend and maybe invite him to dinner so he could make it up to him for turning down his lunch invitation earlier. He knocks twice and helps himself in when there is no response from the other side of the door. He was greeted with the sight of Baekhyun sitting back on his CEO chair with his feet resting on his table, his eyes closed and humming to the song playing on his earphones. He was so invested on his staring that he missed it when Minseok enters their office, looking back and forth to a staring assistant and an oblivious boss, smile creeping on his lips as he shakes his head to how ironic their situation is. His lunch with Baekhyun was pleasant  but Minseok had to deal with him talking his ears off on how frustrated he is everytime Yixing tells him no so the ever kind Minseok reassures him he won’t be alone anymore whenever he’s around. To which Baekhyun gratefully accepts and seals their friendship right away. But if the way Yixing is staring at Baekhyun right now is anything to go by, Minseok knows he need to do a little something to help them out.  A moment later, Minseok clears his throat right on Yixing’s ear, jolting him awake from his stupor. He turns around and sees the smirk on Minseok’s lips, his face heating up in response to it when he realized he just caught him staring.

“Baekhyun is waiting for me you know, if you like him so much then act on it, i’m not an easy guy to compete with”, Minseok says, challenging, patting Yixing’s shoulder twice before heading straight to Baekhyun. He plucks his right earphone off and Baekhyun perks up in surprise.

“Hyung, you’re here”, Baekhyun beams.

“You ready to go?”, Minseok  asks, pulling Baekhyun’s coat off the rack and helping him put it on.

“Hell yeah, I’m starving”, Baekhyun says excitedly, reaching for his bag and keys. Their walk to the door gets halted with Yixing blocking their way. He is rooted on his feet, flustered to what he just saw.

“Oh Yixing, why are you still here?”, Baekhyun asks, confused. It’s one of those rare times Yixing stays behind right after working hours.

“I… I just…” he stutters, flushing even more when he sees the smirk back on Minseok’s face.

“You just what?”

“I just wanted to ask if u want to get dinner together but you obviously got other plan so forget it”, inner Yixing wants to say but he settles instead with “I just finished all the paperworks for tomorrow’s presentation”

“Ahhh, what a diligent assistant you have here Baek, you’re so lucky.”

“I am. He’s so obedient he barely have time for me anymore”, Baekhyun pouts.

“That’s not tr…”

“I’m here now so no more sulking ok? Let’s go?”

Baekhyun smiles and nods at Minseok. “See you tomorrow Xing”, Baekhyun says turning to him one last time before Minseok shoves him out of the door, Minseok muttering a soft Minseok-1 Yixing-0 out of Baekhyun’s hearing, cackling even as he runs after Baekhyun leaving a fuming Yixing behind.

 

Minseok has been hoarding all of Baekhyun’s attention for the past couple of weeks and Yixing is going crazy in no time. He has to take a few calming breaths before he can find his feet to walk where his boss’ table is, currently seated on his chair with Minseok hovering behind him, their faces so close for Yixing’s comfort as they intently discuss the papers sprawled over it. They are so close that they might as well be kissing already when they both turn their heads at the same time and Yixing is not having any of that. He dramatically plops into the chair across them and internally rejoices when the two breaks apart.

“Get up and let’s get lunch Baek”, Yixing orders to which both Minseok and Baekhyun quirks an eyebrow at him.

Minseok is first to reply. “Can’t you see we’re still busy now Mr. Zhang, and did I just heard you right calling your boss on first name basis?”

“Yeah, so what? He’s my bestfriend too, i can call him any way i want”

“And here I thought you’re the most professional assistant that i’ve ever known”

“Is that a compliment? Well thanks.” He gets up from his seat, walks over to a flustered Baekhyun and grips his wrist. “Come on Baek, let’s go”, then drags a speechless Baekhyun out of the door. But before they can even make it out, another hand grabs Baekhyun’s other wrist and stops them from leaving.

“You know