there are some species of—"

"Lalalalala!" Garcia sings again.

A short discussion later, Morgan asks, "So who's next?"

They look at each other for a moment, counting. Reid is first to conclude, "JJ," and to call over to the dartboard, "Hey, JJ!"

She doesn't hear through the noise of the crowded nightclub. "JJ!" Garcia yells, and Morgan bellows, "JJ!" and her dart misses the board entirely. She turns and shouts back an annoyed "What?" and they wave her over. When she shakes her head in exasperation, Prentiss takes up the general chant of, "JJ! JJ! JJJJJJJ! ...J!"

Over in the quiet corner Hotch and Rossi look at each other and stand up. It takes Rossi three tries, and almost a fourth when the first three make him laugh too hard. Hotch only needs one: he just has to think about it for a moment first, and move very, very deliberately.

JJ reaches the common table and complains, "My shoes hurt and you made me miss my shot."

"You haven't made your shot in sixteen minutes," Reid points out. "The only reason you're still winning is because those guys are even more drunk than you are."

She concedes the point with a sighed, "I am so going to regret this in the morning. —What did you want, anyway?"

Morgan does the honours: "What kind of serial killer would you be?"

"LDSK," she says promptly.

"You had to even ask?" Rossi laughs. He and Hotch have arrived just in time to hear question and answer. Hotch is smiling too, in case they hadn't already guessed he's as drunk as the rest of them.

"She still has to tell us who she'd kill," Reid informs them.

Garcia adds, "And then it's your turn, boss-men."

Hotch raises his eyebrows. "You realise," he says, enunciating as carefully as he's been walking, "if this ever goes to trial, we'll all be called to testify?"

"I won't be ashamed of what I've done," Prentiss assevers.

He shares another glance with Rossi and says, "I'll call us some cabs."

The line he walks in as he extracts himself from the discussion is very almost straight. Morgan suppresses a snort; Rossi doesn't even try; and Reid presses JJ, "So who would it be?"

"Journalists," she decides. "Journalists with spiky blond hair and stupid ties."

His brow furrows thoughtfully. "That's kind of specific."

"Yeah, JJ," says Garcia. "Is there something you're not telling us?"

"They are so cocky and annoying."

"I think there's something she isn't telling us," Rossi agrees.

She tosses her hair and reaches for the abandoned cocktail. "Does this taste as pink as it looks?"

"Pinker," say Prentiss and Reid in unison.

She drinks it anyway, and gasps: "Oh my god. The pink. The... The pink!"

"The really obvious deflection," Morgan teases her.

She shoots him a look more laser-focused than any sniper's rifle, and he puts up his hands in good-natured surrender. "Isn't it someone else's turn right now?"

Rossi says, "Well, if I hadn't left Long Island I coulda been a mob enforcer."

"Doesn't count," Garcia rules. "It's got to be what you would be, if you became a serial killer right now."

"Mm, that's harder."

Morgan says, "Don't tell us you've never thought about it."

"Well," he admits, "I always thought that if someone was a real psychic, then say someone else sent them a personal item to get a reading off of — and say that person was planning to rig the psychic's gas mains — well, wouldn't a real psychic know not to light a match that morning?"

"Sending a personal item's going to get you caught pretty quick," Morgan points out.

"Ehh. It doesn't have to actually be mine. It's not like the fakers will know the difference anyway. So what'd I miss?"

They spend a few minutes recapping for his benefit their various hypothetical crimes. In due course Hotch returns, having verified that the cab rank that was outside the club when they first arrived is still there. With an indulgent smile he says, "If you're all done incriminating yourselves, I think it's time we headed home."

They get up amenably, Garcia all but falling off her stool and having to be propped up by Prentiss, who isn't much steadier on her feet. They pause to check that no purses, wallets, phones or uncomfortably high-heeled shoes are being left behind. In the midst of the general reckoning, Reid finishes a calculation