. And you’ve still got that thing with you, I see. Did you know that a few years back, I was ordained to perform legal marriages? True story. One heck of a night too. You could get married to that picture if you wanted.”

Yasuhiro laughed. Byakuya realised that Yasuhiro meant the last part as a joke. Not that a Togami ever got married because they wanted to. That would be ridiculous. They married whoever's child became heir. It was for public appearances.

“Anyway, how is that trial run of yours treating you?” asked Yasuhiro. “As an FYI, it was my idea.”

“No, it wasn’t. You wanted to give him some creepy picture of yourself with some cloth draped over you," said Aoi.

“Hey, don’t say it like that. It sounds weird when you phrase it that way. It’s called an artistic nude, ‘right?”

Makoto tried not to roll his eyes.

“Everything is fine.” Byakuya adjusted the portrait so he could see the front properly.

“That’s great,” said Yasuhiro. He stroked his finger against the underside of his nose. “Just, uh, don’t cut a hole in her mouth or anything weird like that.”

Aoi gasped and punched Yasuhiro lightly on the shoulder.

“I was kidding, ‘right?” said Yasuhiro with a slight grin. Yasuhiro rubbed his hand against where she had hit him. “Forget I said anything. So anyways, how about before lunch, we go play some-?”

“H-He’s a goddamn pervert!” came a voice. Touko’s voice. Byakuya’s eyes flitted toward the portrait. Yasuhiro continued talking but her voice was louder, so Byakuya had no idea what Yasuhiro said. “Not only that but he’s full of bullshit. H-His Super High School Level should be Super High School Level Bullshitter...!”

The voice sounded just like her.

“A thing... that’s what he called me,” she carried on, looking ill at the thought. “Someone of his class has no right to talk like that about me. I-I’ll only accept that sort of talk from-”

“... Togami-chi?” said Yasuhiro.

Byakuya shifted his gaze onto Yasuhiro. He closed his mouth. “Hm?”

“You must have zoned out for a bit there,” said Yasuhiro. “I just asked if you wanted to play some pool before lunch.”

“No. We’re going to the library,” said Byakuya. “I mean I am.”

“But you’re always in the library or in your room. Come on, it’ll be fun,” promised Aoi in a singsong voice. She wiggled her shoulders. The act she put on was so obviously fake and if somehow genuine, oh so deplorable.

He shook his head.

“Are you sure?” asked Makoto, brow creased.

Byakuya rapped his fingers against the table. “I’m sure.”

“Maybe you should go take a bath or nap or something then,” said Yasuhiro, the most serious that Byakuya had seen him for a while. “You look like you didn’t get any shuteye last night.”

“That’s because I didn’t,” Byakuya replied, well aware of the crescent shadows beneath his eyes. He stopping rapping the table and balled his hand into a fist, digging his nails into his palm.

“Couldn’t sleep again, huh?” said Yasuhiro with a weak smile. “You’re gonna turn into a zombie if you keep that up...”

“I-If that happened, a brainless dolt like you would have nothing to worry about,” said Touko, sneering, and Byakuya restrained a laugh.

Aoi would have been the second person to make that jab at Yasuhiro but she stayed quiet this time. She was preoccupied with a fraying bandage wrapped around her wrist, a bandage that was a familiar white like someone’s hair.

Makoto, focused on Byakuya, seemed about to say something but Yasuhiro interrupted.

“It's okay if you still need some more time to yourself, Togami-chi. You know where we are, ‘right?” said Yasuhiro, smile strained. “Give us a call if you ever want to hang out.”

Touko snorted. Byakuya’s hand stung. 

The bulb in the lamp in the library would need replacing soon.

“You read this to me,” recalled Byakuya, sat opposite Touko and with a book in his hands. “I saw you reading it in the library one time so I thought I would see why you were enjoying it so much. Then you visited my room while I was reading it and we...”

He glanced at her.

She gave him a knowing look.

His thumb moved in a slow, short stroke against the front cover of the book.

“It’s not a romance but I can see why you like it. You must relate to Mary Lennox.”

Byakuya swallowed. He set the book down.

“Things turned out well for her. From isolated early years to gaining a