A very loving and optimistic suitor who was always there for her even in times she did not need him and probably did not even want him was a sign not very easy to understand for Y/N. Though she asked the cosmos, prayed to the heavens a loving and optimistic man for her, Y/N thought that Francis was just too much.

He was too loving and caring even though he was not yet her boyfriend; he was too optimistic that Y/N find it awkward to tell him sad stories she read and depressive moments she had, thinking he would not understand them and just set them aside with his oozing positivity, as if everyone always wanted to hear only positive things; he was too beautiful and Y/N felt that others might think of her as his maid or assistant or simply someone who was there to make sure no dust touched his gorgeousness whenever they were together outside.

Y/N was unsure if Francis was the one she asked for despite of her attraction, appreciation, and unnoticed attachment to the man, so she would see and date him only as a suitor-friend.  Their first meeting also added to Y/N’s puzzlement, for he just suddenly approached her in a crowd of passers-by who stopped in their tracks to watch a street performance – that same day she asked the heavens, the cosmos.

A year of courting an undecided Y/N did not discourage Francis. He was always there for her like always, preaching positivity and love. But Y/N also wanted to talk about something else –the opposite of what he preached– but like always, she would not speak her thoughts she lately feared might put Francis off, realize their true difference, and say goodbye. But one must express their true feelings and emotions, both positive and negative, for if all was just kept to self, it might explode and affect not just the person who kept them, but those around that person as well; and it would not be very good, especially if the thoughts and emotions kept were negative.

Thinking that she had no one to tell to about the things mostly opposite of what Francis always blabber to almost everyone, Y/N would sometimes cry herself to sleep at night; hoping that sleep would take the ‘bad’ thoughts and emotions away and would let her have a real positive morning, or even a day.

Having one of these nights before going on a friendly date with Francis was never a problem, for Y/N was good at going along with his vibrant positivity. Until Francis asked her in his unusual tone. “Your eyes are red… were you crying?”

Y/N blinked at the most delicious macarons she had ever tasted. Francis would usually insist that he would cook for her before or after literally going outside, and Y/N would never disagree, for Francis was so far the best cook she met. She blinked again at the macaron on her hand as if it was the one who talked and asked her.

Francis sighed as he held her free hand. “Mon cheri, I hope you trust me enough to say what you really feel.”

Y/N shifted her gaze to Francis before she set down the macaron on her plate. She was reluctant, but she gently gave Francis’ hand a light squeeze and curiously felt better. She gave him a sincere smile as if it was the symbol of trust he asked. “I was… I was feeling depressed about something I’m not sure of, and honestly I don’t know what to tell you about it because I don’t know and don’t understand it myself. I was afraid you’d find it weird and… and leave.”

Surprise and care colored his face. Francis gently massaged Y/N’s hand before he took it to his lips to kiss. “Mon amour, I want you to know that you may tell me anything. Even things you and I can’t understand. We will try to understand it together. And even if we don’t understand it, well, at least we try and learn something from it. And Y/N, I want you to know that I’m always here for you.”

Y/N never felt so much loved before. “Francis, will you be my husband?”

None of them thought Francis’ face could turn that lovely shade of pink. “Mon amour, I’d love to! But are you alright with that? Are we ready for that? I thought… we’re not yet even…”

“Yes! I mean, when we’re both ready. But for the meantime, Francis, will you be my boyfriend?” Y/N did not feel uncomfortable clarifying her words.

“Oui, mon amour! Y/N, will you be my girlfriend? And someday my wife?” Francis lovingly kissed Y/N’s hand once more as she answered “yes” with a decisive nod.