him, he swiftly altered to his usual blank demeanor before casting the council one of his frigid glares. 

“What?” he snapped.

They retreated hastily, shaking their heads as though to dismiss their impending words, leaving him once more to his thoughts. Akashi tilted his head back, staring up at the ceiling and allowing his eyes to slip closed. If this game didn’t end soon, he was sure to tear the front of his uniform with how rigid his state was. He couldn’t have been more relieved that the shirt he changed into hung a bit lower than usual, but how much longer would that serve as a proper concealment?

Somehow, he wasn’t sure he wished to know the answer.


 ~    ~


Regardless of how famished he was, Kouki couldn’t bring himself to eat in fear he would choke when one of the vibrations caught him unawares. Instead, he elected to spend his lunch break indulging in a book he had started the other day, or so he had tried to. 

Clenching his eyes shut, he scrambled to reach into his pocket and press the button to repay the favor. How long could Akashi truly last? He was almost positive by now, that with how many times he had kept his finger jammed down on the button, Akashi would have surrendered by now.

But no, the light was solidly green, nowhere close to the dark blue he had been dreaming of.

“Furihata-kun,” a sudden voice wafted into his ear.

Snapping out of his trance, Kouki turned his attention to where Kuroko and Kagami were staring at him, both with equally bewildered glances. Kuroko was frowning, studying him to a point he was beginning to feel like a specimen under a microscope. He weakly smiled in return, lifting his head to show his attention had been obtained.

“Yeah?”

The other boy reached across the table to place a gentle hand on his arm.

“Is everything okay? You’ve been terribly off today.”

Kouki suppressed the whimper when the toy once more pulsed against his prostate. Did his have a tracker in it as well? One that informed Akashi every time he was conversing with someone? He laughed slightly, hoping his smile was concrete and masking how he was truly feeling.

“I-I’m fine! Just a bit under the weather, that’s all. Those spring colds, you know.”

Tetsuya graced him with a skeptical gaze. “I see. You do look a bit flushed. Are you running a fever? And you're breathing a bit heavy as well.”

“Am I?” Kouki chuckled nervously. “F-funny. I don’t feel feverish!”

Beginning to feel uncomfortable beneath their stares, he quickly excused himself, seeking refuge in the vacant hallway. Pacing his breathing, Kouki leaned against the wall, hissing when once more the piece vibrated against him. Thankfully nowhere near the area that drove him to the brink of madness, but still close enough to cause him to clamp down on with all his self-control.

Completely at his wit's end, he jammed his finger down on the button. He had tolerated his share for the day, and was now almost positive Akashi was leaving the game and entering a completely different territory. Now this was war. There was no way he was going to lose. He was going to win this, once and for all.


 ~    ~


Seijuro wasn’t certain which felt more numb. His insides, or the finger holding in the button, hoping he was delivering a round of extreme agony to the brunet miles and miles away from him. He was beginning to tremble on his feet, legs morphing into a jellied state, and heat coiling mercilessly in his belly. And yet, Kouki was still in the game, and he had no clue if the other was near his peak or not.

He didn’t wish to admit it, but even he was now uncertain what the outcome would be, who would truly be the victor of this little match he himself had constructed. It didn’t ease his arousal any when each time the toy pulsed against him in knowing Kouki was the one guiding it. That just added onto the misery that was currently protruding before him and painfully brushing against the thick seams of his uniform.

Constantly he was asked if he was unwell, if he needed to take leave. All the badgering and pointless questions that only enhanced his ire. At the precise moment, all he could think about was ripping the toy out, making the journey to Kouki, and dragging him off to a hotel room for hours on end. It didn’t matter who was in control then, as long as he was able to sate the flourishing craving inside him.

Kouki was learning, far too well, and far too fast for his liking. He had never expected his shy lover to act so boldly in this game, repeatedly pressing the remote in just as much as he had been doing, if not more. Seijuro could only imagine taking these games to a whole other level, and closer in distance, preferably when they were beside one