of muscle around him as his male peers lie topless around the common rooms. He was new to the whole "muscle" thing and despite the amount of staring into a mirror, there was no way of ignoring it. The people he was noticing the most were Eijirou and Shouto, both of them splayed out on the couch.

 

Shouto was attempting to chill the room down without completely encasing it in ice but it was a wasted effort because everyone wanted the Shouto AC therefore everyone was in the common room, inhaling and exhaling the same air. His chest was frosted in some bits which accentuated the shadowed dips of muscle and Izuku felt his mouth water when he noticed. Eijirou was hanging off the side of the couch, pants hanging dangerously low as he hardened his skin to make it less susceptible to the heat. Of course, that also hardened his abdominals and more than half the class was staring in wonderment at the two very desperate souls.

 

But while the class was distracted, Izuku noticed something wrong. Something very unsettling if put into the correct context.

 

Katsuki was missing.

 

Izuku glanced at all the faces around him to confirm and yes, the explosive boy was nowhere to be seen. Curiosity enveloped his thoughts and he made his way to his feet from his position lying on the kitchen floor.

 

"Has anyone seen Kacchan?" Izuku questioned as he gauged his peers expressions. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Mezou perk up and looked to him immediately.

 

"If it helps, the last time I saw Bakugou was when I was leaving my room. He was just entering his. It was about two hours ago." Mezou murmured quietly as he stretched out his arms.

 

Izuku smiled widely in gratitude. "Thanks Shouji!" He yelped. "I'll catch ya guys later!"

 

He received waves of dismissal and a couple of noncommittal grunts before he made his way towards the elevators to painlessly get to the fourth floor. The quiet whirring of the elevator was the only sound Izuku could hear as he waited anxiously by the door. After a few moments of toying with his fingers, the elevator opened and Izuku cautiously stepped in, pressing the button for floor four and the button to close the doors at the same time.

 

There was always the underlying fear of riding an elevator to Izuku and despite it being in Yuuei, he was still gripping the support bars. There were so many horrible scenarios that could occur and in only a few did the chance of survival stand. He took a deep breath.

 

The doors opened with a ping and Izuku bounded out, not caring about the gallon of sweat that formed from his sudden exertion. As the doors shut behind him, he spotted what he had been looking for all the way down the hall and to the right. Katsuki's nameplate was black with simple red lettering.

 

Izuku made his way down to the hall and lifted his fist to knock. Through the door he heard what sounded like classical music and brows furrowed in confusion. Kacchan likes classical music?


 


He brought his fist down rapidly three times against the dark wooden door and heard surprised shuffling accompanied with what sounded distinctly like an English swear word. The door swung open.

 

"Hey Kacchan! I just wanted to uh...oh." Heat travelled down his neck as he observed what the explosive boy was wearing.

 

Katsuki stood there against the door frame, stripped down to nothing but a red pair of loose boxers. As soon as Katsuki saw Izuku, his eyes narrowed and his mouth turned down into a scowl. "What the fuck do you want, Deku?"

 

Izuku reached out to hug Katsuki as their normal "second" greeting but was surprised as the blond took a step back, clearly not wanting contact. A hurt look flashed on his face and Katsuki felt guilt wash through him. With a sigh, he pushed open the door and allowed Izuku in.

 

"It's really too fucking hot for this," Katsuki grumbled as he shut the door behind the green-haired boy. "Why the shit aren't you in your own room?"

 

Once he received no response after locking his door and waiting for a couple of seconds, Katsuki turned around to see Izuku frozen in the middle of the plain black and white room, a look of disbelief gracing his features.

 

"Kacchan," Izuku started slowly. Katsuki raised an eyebrow in question. "I...has your room always had air conditioning?"

 

Katsuki frowned at the seemingly stupid question. All of the shitty dorms had this cheap ass AC that barely worked. "Yeah, why? They all do, stupid Deku."

 

Izuku stared at a fidgeting Katsuki for a solid fifteen seconds before slowly sitting on the floor and leaning back to lie down. Katsuki stared at his idiotic boyfriend with a loss for words. It was due both to the cuteness of the smaller boy and out of confusion. "Why...?"

 

Izuku didn't respond and Katsuki made his way next to Izuku, instead taking advantage of the disgusting bonding moment. Izuku was the first to break the silence.

 

"The rooms don't have AC."

 

"Goddammit Deku if you tell anyone that my room has air conditioning