open and he's still got his prick in his hand.

''Uh... you know...'' Merlin stutters, his mind drawing a complete blank. His prick is only getting harder under the man's outraged gaze and Merlin barely manages to swallow down the helpless groan that wants to escape from his throat – whether from arousal or embarrassment he's not quite sure, though it's probably a really heady mixture of both.

''I sure know what it looks like,'' the blond sneers, dropping the rubbish bag down on the ground and taking a step forward. ''Are you the one who's been pissing next to my back door these past few weeks?''

Merlin feels his cheeks heating up in mortification. ''Uh...'' He swallows. ''I- I'm sorry, I...''

The man glares. ''Well, you're certainly not going to do it again. Come with me.''

His tone brooks no argument and so Merlin hobbles forward, hastily trying to push his cock back into his pants, before he grabs his instrument. He's not completely sure, but he thinks he can see the man smirking as he turns away to walk ahead.

Following the man inside, Merlin finds himself in a gleaming restaurant kitchen. The blond man is leaning against one of the counter tops, arms folded over his broad chest and the fabric of his shirt pulling tight over his arms and shoulders. He's looking Merlin up and down with a sardonically raised eyebrow.

''Well? What do you have to say for yourself?''

Embarrassment turns to anger then because, yes, what Merlin did wasn't exactly proper but who does this guy think he is, treating Merlin like a naughty school boy? (And that thought does so not make his cock throb in his trousers.)

''What do you want from me?'' he spits out, holding the case with his sax in front of him and the rather obvious tent in his trousers.

''I don't know,'' the man drawls. ''A name would be a start. And then maybe an explanation.''

For a moment Merlin hesitates, shifting on his feet, trying to ease the pressure in his bladder. But the urgency of his need to relieve himself and the precarious hold he has on his control, doesn't leave him time for long discussions.

''My name is Merlin. And I had to take a leak, what else do you need to know?''

''Well, Merlin, my name is Arthur. Arthur Pendragon. This is my restaurant. And I have to say I'm just a little bit curious as to the reason you keep urinating on my doorstep like a dog marking his territory.''

Merlin shudders. ''I... I don't know, it's just been... convenient,'' he mumbles lamely and the man, Arthur, looks at him unimpressed. Merlin swallows heavily and then just blurts, ''Please... could I just use the toilet quickly? You can interrogate me further afterwards.''

Arthur cocks his head. ''The toilets are only for customers.''

For a moment Merlin just gapes. ''W-What? Come on, man... please! This is not funny, I really need to go!''

''Oh, I know,'' Arthur says, his calm voice completely contradictory to the challenging glint in his sharp blue eyes. ''But I think you should earn the privilege, don't you?''

Merlin sharply exhales through his nose. His heart is beating wildly in his chest and his lower belly feels like it's close to bursting. ''H-How would I do that?'' he whispers.

Arthur raises his eyebrows, and then lets his hand drop to his crotch. His eyes never leave Merlin's when he slowly pulls down his zipper.

Merlin's mouth is dry like sandpaper all of a sudden. It's outrageous and completely ridiculous of course. And it's not like Arthur has any kind of hold on him. Merlin could just walk out the door.

But Merlin knows he won't. The back of his neck is prickling with the heat of arousal and his cock is hard like a nail.

Arthur looks at him silently, he seems completely composed but Merlin can see that his pupils are blown wide and his nostrils are slightly flared and it's that, this obvious sign of Arthur's own desire for Merlin, that gives him the final push. He staggers forward and sinks to his knees in front of Arthur, groaning when the new position puts even more pressure on his straining bladder. His cheeks burn when he feels a small trickle of pee escape before he can control himself.

His hands are shaking when he raises them up to pull Arthur's cock out. It's thick and hard and the smell of it, the sight of the small slit gaping a little, almost overwhelms Merlin for a moment. He squeezes his eyes closed, whimpering.

That's when he feels a gentle hand stoking along his face, combing through his hair.

''Shhhh... you're doing fine,'' Arthur's voice is soft now, warm and