meet him.

"Don't boss me around." Taiga yells back, but he can't stop himself from finally surging forward, can't stop the excitement from building in his chest as they step over the threshold of their apartment. Their apartment. 

They all stand in the middle of the living room, staring at the boxes and the furniture, haphazardly placed with no real organization. It was more important to get in inside before they had to return the truck they rented than it was to organize as they went. 

"Home." Tetsuya says quietly, with such sureness and hopefulness. 

Daiki reaches over, grabs Taiga's hand, and together they pull Tetsuya in, holding each other.

"Rock, paper, scissors for who has to take the truck back, and who has to stay here and set up the bed?" Daiki says. 

"You're on." Taiga grumbles, but neither of them pull away. 

"Taiga, you take the truck back." Tetsuya says, voice muffled between the two of them. "We don't have anything for dinner, and Daiki will not get the right things."

Taiga laughs, and it almost overshadows Daiki's protesting noise. Tetsuya smiles, stepping back slightly to look up at them. Daiki tries his best to scowl down at him, but he doesn't quite manage. He's too happy, too thankful that this moment is even happening, for any real annoyance to bubble up in him. 

"I'm a better driver anyway." Taiga says, smug, and he grabs the keys from Daiki's back pocket, taking his time. 

Daiki narrows his eyes, still trying for annoyance and coming up short, and he leans over to kiss Taiga on the forehead, actions betraying him just as much as his face. 

"Hurry back," Daiki says. 

"Yeah." Taiga smiles at him, returning the kiss and leaning down to give Tetsuya one as well. "Yeah." 

---

“Daiki,” Tetsuya sighs, “the directions-”

“Don’t need ‘em.” Daiki says around the screw in his mouth. Tetsuya would like to argue that yes, yes in fact Daiki does need them, because he’s got the piece he’s trying to screw in held upside down, and it’s going to disrupt the integrity of the bed, but Daiki seems to notice, and a triumphant noise passes his lips as he flips it over and it slides in the way it should be. 

“They might help.” Tetsuya says mildly. For every triumph, there’s at least five minutes of Daiki shaking things and swearing. It’s almost cute, but Tetsuya is tired, and Taiga will be home soon. 

“Tell you what,” Daiki says, turning away from the parts in his hand to look at Tetsuya, “if I finish this in the next five minutes, with no directions, will you shut up about the directions?”

“Okay.” Tetsuya doesn’t smile when he says it, Daiki knows him well enough to see the amusement in his eyes, no matter how good he is at hiding it. 

“And blow me.” Daiki adds, for good measure.

Tetsuya does laugh at that, but he nods, and Daiki turns back to their bed frame.

---

“I’m home.” Taiga yells, closing the door behind him more gently than he normally would. The newness of their apartment makes it seem like he shouldn’t be slamming doors yet. The living room is the same mess it was when he left, and Taiga sighs. He knows Daiki is useless when it comes to getting things done, but he thought at least Tetsuya would insist on some unpacking. 

He walks into the kitchen and sets the two bags of groceries he picked up on the way home on the counter. He’d like to get straight to cooking, except he has no idea where the kitchen boxes are, and the room full of boxes seems too daunting to take on on his own. The promise of dinner should get the other two up and back to unpacking. 

The hallway to the bedroom and the bathroom is mostly dark, only the light from the bedroom shines, and it’s not bright enough to guide Taiga well. He’s focused on not tripping, walking slowly and picking his way around boxes. Not unpacking is both hazardous and keeping him from having dinner. He reaches the doorway without incident, and almost laughs when he peers in. 

The bed is put together, sheets and blankets are on it, and pressed against the wall next to it is Daiki, head thrown back and fingers threaded through Tetsuya’s hair. 

---

Daiki gasps, his fingers tightening their hold on Tetsuya's hair. He looks beautiful likes this, big eyes closed and mouth stretched as he swallows around Daiki's cock, fighting with his gag reflex. Taiga watches from the doorway, leaning against the frame casually. 

"C'mere." Daiki says, choking on his words as Tetsuya bobs up and down. Taiga shakes his head, jerking his thumb towards the kitchen, but he