"Sorry to keep you lovely ladies waitin'," he tells you as he straightens his glasses. With his half-buttoned dress shirt and navy blue pants, he arrives looking like a windswept sailor. You and Feferi collectively sigh. What a dreamboat.

"Eridan, you're too attractive. Here, have some chocolate so you can break out with ugly pimples all over your sexy face," Feferi huffs, shoving some cake towards him.

He pushes it back with a blunt and cruel, "No thanks, ugly blemishes and fat red zits suit you better." The two of you laugh at the expression of absolute horror Feferi wears. Her cheeks puff out and she slouches and suddenly increases her cuteness exponentially. It's a miracle of science, no one knows how she does it. Her reaction to everything is so comically over-the-top, but it's just another one of her many adorable charms. And with a cute face like that, how could Eridan not apologize? "Come on, Fef, it was just a little jab! No need to get all sensitive on me."

"I called you attractive!" she whines with a nauseatingly adorable pout. "But you said I was ugly. Eridan, you are the worst friend ever. Callie doesn't say mean things to me!"

"Yeah but it don't mean she ain't sayin' 'em about you," he mutters, and you teasingly nudge him in the ribs with your elbow. What a little rat. "She laughs at you all the time, Fef!" he accuses, and you feign a look of astonishment. "See, look, she's even laughing now. Look at that face, Fef. That is the face of a liar."

"Well, I never," you scoff, and instead turn the conversation to your favorite game - "Let's Pick on Eridan." "Isn't it awful that he pretends to be so chivalrous, and then turns right back around and calls you a fat ugly zit?"

"Hey, that's not what I--"

"You know, just the other day he told me that I dance like an old lady!"

"That old lady I was comparing you to was a world famous professional ballroom dancer!"

"It's okay, though," Feferi replied absently as she took a sip of soda. "He's super hot, so it's okay."

"Feeeeeeeef," he whines at her, but you and your lesBFF both know very well that he loves the complements.

"Totally hot," you agree.

"The hottest."

"What a ten."

"Would bang."

"Have you heard his accent?"

"Have you seen his ass?"

"Unf."

"Double unf."

"--FEF!!!"

And so the date goes as all your dates go. You talk and tease and joke and laugh and after an hour, when the cafe's traffic is picking up, the owners realize that the 3 of you are taking up space and not buying anything, so soon enough you're kicked to the curb. "The nerve of them!" huffs an outraged Eridan, but neither you nor Feferi really mind. It doesn't matter where you are, so long as you're all together.

The merriment isn't hindered in the slightest by your loss of seating - and it's not like wandering was any less fun. If anything, it was made even more fun, because now you could also window shop. But the trouble with people as rich as the Ampora-Peixes duo is that it soon turns into actual shopping, and Feferi leaps at the chance to make new additions to her wardrobe.

You and Eridan stand off to the side while Feferi browses the store's selection. "So, you're descended from royalty?" you ask again after the topic resurfaces from a conversation a few days ago. Your tone is skeptical, but you really don't think you'd doubt it.

"Not only that," Feferi adds with excitement, "but it turns out Eridan and I are also distantly related!"

"Really?" Also unsurprising. They act so much like brother and sister that you thought they were for the longest time. That made things rather awkward when they spoke of their old relationship and break-up - that is, of course, until they cleared up the misconception. Just recalling how you assumed they were incestuous makes you red in the face! "So where do you trace your lineage?"

Feferi made a show of wrapping herself in a flamboyant boa before starting her story. "So, there was an Austrian queen who had a daughter who goes to Spain. And her granddaughter goes to Portugal, and her son goes to Brazil where they stay for 3 generations before heading up here. That's where my family names come from, I'd assume. Must've been funny to say! 'Peixes' means 'fish' in Portuguese. But! Here's Eridan's story. The same Austrian queen has a daughter who goes to Prussia and marries the Kaiser.