was about us because I heard the word for hostages and doctor. I’m not sure what they were doing where we were because Seb tried his first escape then and discovered they were pretty much right on top of us."

"Did you attempt an escape?" It didn't sound too judgmental, which John was expecting. The man was calm and relaxed, and attentive.

"When I heard Seb try, I pitched in but...” He made his voice dip low and a bit ashamed. "No...No I don’t know why, it just didn't, I mean...”

"Not everyone is an escape artist, and it worked out all right for you. Colonel Moran said he knew the individual who you were... handed off to?" Now he was trying to bait.

"Yeah, from one of his tours. I think he owed Seb, from what he said. Certainly they seemed to respect him and he traded for us... A lot. After I patched up their men, they didn't really want the trouble of keeping us."

"Not given that everyone knew we were looking for you. You were lucky to end up in the hands of an ally." LTC Rickard offered him a sheet of blank paper and a pen. "I want you to write down everything you can remember. Take your time. We're going to put you both on a transport back home soon."

"Really?" The relief was not feigned at all. "Yeah, I... I can do that." He started writing and put down everything he could and he almost could remember the events that hadn't happened. 

"Do you get much abduction like this?" he asked in a pause.

"No. In fact, I've never seen anything like this, myself. We had that transport coming through from Pakistan get attacked, and a driver and his translator were snatched. I don't know why they bother. We don't pay ransoms." He tilted his head slightly, watching John. "And we've had a few people end up dead."

"I thought they were going to kill us," John said in a low voice, looking back down to his paper. "I kept thinking Seb would have escaped on his own? But I sprained my ankle when they were pushing us around and I think he didn't take some opportunities. He'd never tell you that, or admit it. But... yeah. I mean, I could have got him killed. They said they'd kill him if I didn't do what they wanted."

There, he was providing a real dimension to the story, a reason why someone with Seb's formidable record hadn't gotten away from a simple snatch and grab.

The LTC nodded, and sat back in the chair. "Just take your time as you write it out. You understand that you're safe now and nothing they said matters."

"I know." He gave a thin smile. "I think I'll have words with my therapist when I get back. Facing fears is one thing if they don't kick your ass again."

LTC Rickard laughed. "Isn't that the truth? I'll get you something to drink. Just take your time." Because John's responses were natural and easy and he was buying it completely.

"Yeah, yeah I'll go over it again," he said. "I'm bound to miss something." He could play it easily and he had to wonder if this was what Sherlock had done when he turn the lies on and off. Built a world that seemed real just long enough to his words rang with the truth. Either way, he had the cover story well established and seemed fragile enough that they would not delay sending them home.

He was playing quietly shattered, hyper vigilant and startling, and it didn't take far for him to reach that. Seb was probably in another room making just as much an impression.

He’d fallen into the very easy pacing of moment to moment to moment, and no one thought there was a lick of complicity with what had happened in Sebastian Moran. It was too easy to fall back to all of the thoughts and memories that he really worked hard to not fall into. He thought about his brother and his mother and the IED blast and the steady sound of shots from his rifle, about bloody muscle under his fists, about every explosion he’d ever set and every explosion he’d never set, and just sank into it.

He thought about Jim on the roof, let himself really feel it in the way he was usually scared to because it left him jagged for weeks. The whole debrief had really been about letting go and saying things that were true, that he’d been so fucking relieved to get the flex cuffs off of his wrists, because his hands had been a wreck by the time he’d tried the trick with the bootlaces, and Raham Dil remembered him from when he’d done some negotiating with the