as he turned his head away from the blonde. Akamaru done the same.

Naruto immediately got on his hands and knees and started begging Kiba. "Please please please, Kiba! I've tried so hard but nothing will work! Please help me, I'll do anything!" His words came out fast and jumbled together, but Kiba got the picture. He enjoyed watching the blonde beg him.

"Okay, okay. Now then let me see what's up," Kiba agreed, walking over to the tv. But he was stopped by a knock that came at the door. "Ugh what now?" Kiba groaned, wanting to hurry up and leave already.

Naruto walked over to the door and opened it, presenting an old man with a walking stick. "Oh, hello Mr land-lord, I wasn't expecting a visit from you today." Naruto greeted the old man.

"Or maybe you just FORGOT about your plans again." Kiba snickered. Naruto sent him a glare from the corner of his eyes.

"Oho, Naruto-kun, I just stopped by to remind you that NO PETS ARE ALLOWED IN THESE APARTMENTS!" And with that the old man slammed the door shut and hobbled away. Naruto and Kiba were left staring at the door in shock for a few moments, before Naruto apologised to Akamaru and told him he would have to wait outside for the time being.

"Okay, so now can I finally start working on this tv?" Kiba asked no one in particular, getting annoyed at how this day had started. He walked to the t.v and started inspecting it, searching for any signs of a problem. 

His eyes landed on the DVD player, and figured it would be best to move it out of the way, to avoid causing any damage to it. As he picked it up however, he noticed a blank disk cover underneath it. Kiba turned his eyes back to Naruto, and saw that he was distracted at the table eating ramen, not paying any attention. Kiba took this opportunity to open the disk cover. 

Nothing, there was nothing. 'It must be in the player' Kiba thought, and pressed a button to open the disk space. What he saw inside was very interesting indeed, and Kiba would make sure to gain something out of this new knowledge.

Kiba put the disk back in, and went back to fixing the tv. "So, Naruto. Why so keen to get the tv fixed? Have something you wanna watch?" His eyes discretely flicked to the side to catch Naruto's reaction.

"Well, not really. It just sucks that it's broken, and I'm annoyed that I can't find out why!" Naruto complained without a hint of any emotion other than annoyance, much to Kiba's dismay. 

Kiba went back to looking at the tv, and almost immediately found the source of the problem. Naruto had unplugged one of the cords. 

Another grin came to Kiba's face as he pressed play on the DVD player, and then proceeded to plug in the missing cord. Naruto's face completely dropped the second he realised what happened.

"Ooh what's on?" Kiba acted dumb, as if he thought it was just some movie. It started off with some blonde guy driving to another guys house, where they started talking. "I wanna watch it!" 

Naruto by now had gone completely red, and was struggling to get past Kiba to turn off the DVD player. "No, you cant'!"

"Why not? It looks interesting. Come on, let's watch." Kiba insisted, pushing Naruto down onto the couch, and forcing him to stay. "What's it about?" Kiba asked.

"Umm-uhh.. I'm not sure. Sakura was watching over the house yesterday, she must have put it in there." Naruto lied, hoping to have successfully tricked Kiba into thinking Sakura was watching this.

"But Sakura's been out on that mission with Hinata and Shino, though.." Kiba lied as well, he knew Naruto would have been tricked by this. By now the two guys on screen had moved into the bedroom, and were sitting on the bed.

"Oh, yeah, I meant last week she was watching it. Haha." Naruto covered.

"But you told me yesterday that the tv broke while you were watching it?" Kiba inquired.

They were both cut off when the two guys on screen started kissing. 

"Oh Naruto, you watch stuff like this?" Kiba asked, holding back a snicker at the look on Naruto's face.

"N-n-no way! No!" Naruto cried, shaking his hands spastically, refusing to make eye contact with Kiba.

The scene on the tv quickly changed, and the two were now undressing each other. The moaning sounds coming from the tv were getting louder and louder. "Are you sure Naruto, coz it looks like you really enjoying watching this?" 

"No! It's not mine, I swear!" Naruto shouted at Kiba. 

"Well Naruto Jr