It was the most damndably cute thing he had ever scene and his heart rate tripled.

He leaned down so that he was nearly nose to nose with her, and smirked, "This is for taking all my coffee earlier." he said smugly. Judy was too indignant to notice but Nick didn't miss the 'click' and muttered, "Oh that's adorable, Benjamin will love this."

Nick didn't care if he had to bribe Clawhauser with a years' worth of donuts, he swore to himself that he would get that picture.

Judy huffed, and tried to get the drink back but Nick held it out of reach, still smirking.

"Nick! Come on, I need that!" She angrily pleaded.

"No, you don't Judy. And you have nothing to be embarrassed about either, you heard everybody. They might find the costumes funny, but they were cheering you for more than just what you were wearing." Nick said looking at her with what might have been an actual smile. " And anyway, I don't want you drunk for where we're going after the party."

Judy had frozen for as second at the way Nick had looked at her. But the mention of the second bet, was enough to remind her to start breathing again. The giddy feeling in her heart had overshadowed the anger though. She folded her arms and using one of the jokes he always teased her with, tried to catch up in their verbal sparring.

"You don't want that, it has my cuddies on it!"

But rather than making a dramatic spectacle of disgust or terror like he usually did, he brought the cup up and drank from it, with a huge smirk.

Then, dramatically said, "UUMMmmm, best second hand kiss ever!"

Judy's fading blush reversed itself and raced back up her ears.

"HEY! Y-you-..." She spluttered, not sure what she was going to say. Was he just joking around like normal? What if he wasn't? She didn't want it to be a j-

Her thoughts were cut off when Nick spoke in a deeper than normal voice right next to her ear, "You second hand kissed me first"

Nick straightened back up pleased at the blush that deepened to a deep red in her ears and was visible under her fur.

Before she recovered and started in on him, he intertwined his arm with hers like they were at some ball and lead her off into the crowd.

They mixed for a bit and Judy actually started to enjoy the party but she was having a hard time from thinking about Nick and trying microanalysis his every previous action.

Nicks conversation with Francine caught her interest though.

"So how are Stripes and Puppy Eyes," Nick asked.

"You haven't seen?" She pointed with her trunk over to the bar setup in the corner.

Wolford and Fangmeyer where sitting at a table next to it but their chairs were so close together that at first glance it looked like they were sharing a seat. They were certainly not worrying about whose beer was whose. As they watched, Wolford leaned in close to Fangmeyer with the largest smile Nick had ever seen, tail wagging like a fan, and said something. Fangmeyer brought her paws up covering her mouth, and... And actually giggled.

"Well, the betting pool on them will certainly to be over by then end of tonight at this rate" Nick said.

"That one at least" muttered Francine, before realizing what she said. Thankfully for her the Christmas music and conversation were combining to make quite a din and both Judy and Nick were too preoccupied staring at the two other mammals at the table to notice.

Francine watched as Judy stole a longing glance at Nick, before quickly looking away just before Nick did the same thing to her.

Francine mumbled something about, 'blind fools' and 'needing another drink' before heading off toward the bar.

After managing to tear his eyes away from the, if not already then soon to be couple, Nick checked his phone. They'd have to leave soon if they were going to make it to their next stop on time. He got Judy's attention and on her instance they started looking around for the Chief so that they could wish him a Merry Christmas before leaving.

Nick spotted his horns above the crowd, over in the corner where most of the married officers and their wives were. They started heading in his direction making their way through the increasingly inebriated crowd of officers and were almost to him when Nick put out paw to stop Judy. She looked up at him, and was surprised to see him smirking and snickering. She followed his gaze to the Chief and mentally chastised herself for wonder why she had been surprised at Nick laughing at someone.

The Chief's wife was having an animated conversation with several other mammals while he stood next to her nearly silent, except for an occasional affirmative sound when she glanced at him. And he was wearing a massive sweater that put her mom's to shame for its shear itchy and embarrassing look. Honestly