.” John said getting red from anger.“WHAT?” mellissa screamed from behind them.“ask doreen in front, she would know more. And tell her I am laying a complaint.” John said and clenched his teeth.“nobody hurts my baby and gets away with it! I have a good mind and ask deaton to bring that guy back so I can kick his ass” “no, daddy. No… shut up and hug me.” Stiles cut him off.“well, I guess you are allright.” Melissa chuckled.“can I see them?” stiles asked. Melissa smiled and nodded and walked to go fetch the pack. A moment later they all piled into the room and were standing around her, touching her and smiling at her, Derek stood at the foot and smiled at her.“guys, can you all leave… and I mean out of earshot. I want to talk to Derek alone” they all nodded and smiled and filtered out of the room. Her father gave her the ‘will-you-be-okay’ face and she nodded. Derek came and sat on the chair beside the bed.“stiles.. i-““Let me talk first.” She interrupted him. He nodded and looked her straight in the eyes.“I did not run out because I did not want… what happened. I do, I really do. I like you… hell, I think I truly love you. I’ve told you things no one else knows and I’m sure you’ve told me things you would never tell anyone. And I really do have feelings for you. But-““I know… I know and I don’t care, stiles! I love you, the person you are. And when you left me… I thought I was going to die. I broke, stiles. I kiss you and you run. I know, and I understand now. And it all made me realize how much I love you! I love you stiles!” he was out of breath after that. She smiled.“Genève.” She said after a moment.“what?” he said with a frown.“its my real name. my mom and dad decided to call me geneve when they changed my name. it was my grandmother’s name.” she said, softly and sweet.“its beautiful, why don’t you use it?” he asked.“its special and everyones so used to stiles, even when I was small.” She smiled.“I’m serious… I love you stiles! I Derek Thomas hale love you Genève stilinski” Derek got back on his original train of thought.“I love you too, Derek. I do. And I’m sorry I ran… but you have to understand. I thought you’d hate me and tell me I’ve deceived you… that’s why I’m single. Because… the stories I’ve heard. I don’t ever want to feel like that, so powerless and because of something that makes me happ- mmmmph”Derek kissed her again. At that moment, le sheriff decided to come into the room. He cleared his throat while leaning against the door. derek shot from stiles and stiles sank her head in shame. But she let out a sigh. 17 and finally kissed! “we will be talking about this. As soon as stiles is out of the hospital and she can cook, you are coming over for dinner. (raises eyebrows) no arguments!” “none, sir.” Stiles mumbled.“and you, Derek?” he asked.“I cant wait.” Lies, Derek, you lying liar who lies! :p but he has no choice.“good. Now can I have a moment with my daughter. The pack’s in the waiting room. Bring me coffee.” Derek ‘yessir’-ed and went out. “so, dad…”“don’t you ‘so dad’ me, young lady. I remember bouncing a six year old on my lap and her promising me she wont kiss a boy until she is at least in her 80’s.” her eyes grew wide with shock.“DAD! I was six. And you were the only man I was allowed to kiss.” She whined.“I still am the only man you are allowed to kiss and the only kisses you are allowed are pecks on the cheeks and places that are not your lips and without tongue.” He said, serious tone and face.“daddy?” she asked with a pale shocked face. He chuckled.“well, I guess you aren’t the little girl I taught to ride a bicycle or the 8 year old I put little batman band-aids on her scraped knees anymore. Gen, you’re mother is up there doing an air punch. She would have been so proud of you.” “I know, daddy. I know. But Dad…” she said patting his shoulder.“yes?” he questioned, preparing for something bad.“you know… you’ll always be the most important man in my life. You know that, right?” she said with a serious face. He smiled and nodded