job well.”

Steve smiled, tilted his head.  “Philadelphia was fine,” Steve said. 

“But we aren’t talking about it yet,” Sam guessed.

“I just need another week or two,” Steve admitted.  “I might have to go to New York for a few days.”

“Okay,” Sam said.  “So I guess we’re done talking about you then.  It was good catching up.  Really interesting stuff.”

“All right,” Steve laughed.  “Let’s talk about you.”

“Not a whole lot to tell you about me,” Sam said.  “How about we talk about Bucky instead.  He started speaking to me a little more.  He showed up with a haircut.  It looks good.”

Steve looked up, his smile slipping a little.  “What did he say?”

“He said the big reason he hasn’t reached out to you is because he’s worried that he might try to kill you again.  He said Hydra gave him a mission and he didn’t complete it.”

Steve shook his head.  “Bucky isn’t going to kill me.”

“He might try,” Sam pointed out.  “The way he tells it, he came pretty close when you were sitting out there on that bench.”

“He didn’t do it.”

“No,” Sam agreed.  “He didn’t do it, but there’s something else.  Remember how I told you Alexander Pierce’s house burned down while you were in the hospital?  We all assumed it was what was left of Hydra covering their tracks.”

“Yeah, I remember,” Steve frowned.  

“I’m pretty sure that was Bucky,” Sam said.  “The first time I met him on that trail I could smell smoke on him.  Today he told me he was holding onto four guns that he threw into the Potomac.  He only had four to get rid of because he’d already blown up the rest.”

“It was a fire that destroyed Pierce’s home,” Steve said.  “Not an explosion.”

“Yeah, I know,” Sam agreed.  “But I looked into it this afternoon and two days after the fire there was an explosion at a bank in Columbia Heights.”

“You think that was Bucky too,” Steve guessed.

“Might’ve been,” Sam agreed.

“But he’s…”

Sam shrugged.  “So far he seems to be doing a pretty good job of working through some things on his own, yeah.”

Steve thought about this, nodded.  “I don’t know how to thank you for everything you’ve done since we met.  I —”

“You don’t have to thank me.”

Steve stared down into his wine.  His mouth was open a little, like he might say something more at any moment, but just then the buzzer rang and Steve looked up, surprised.

“You want me to get that?” Sam asked.

Steve shook his head.  He smiled at Sam.  “I spent all evening painstakingly preparing that food for us.  I can go get it.”

Sam laughed.  “All right.  You do that then.”

**

They’d just started clearing the table when Steve stopped Sam, a hand to his shoulder.  Sam was still holding a container of lo mein when Steve leaned in and kissed him.  He could tell that Steve intended it to be casual, just a brief press of lips before they went back to what they were doing.  Sam could tell that that was what Steve planned, but just as Steve started to pull away, he paused, his eyes on Sam, and then he moved back in for more.

Sam smiled against Steve’s mouth.

“You keep doing what you’re doing,” Sam said.  “I’m just gonna put this down right here.”  He held Steve close with his free hand as he leaned over to set the container back on the edge of the table.   Steve stayed where he was, his forehead pressed to Sam’s, waiting patiently for Sam to finish.

“Good idea,” Steve said once the carton was safely back on the table, and then he kissed Sam again, slow and careful.

Steve still wasn’t that good at this and Sam just loved that, couldn’t help but find it strangely refreshing and wonderful.  Steve Rogers was good at everything, but somehow this was the thing that had slipped through the cracks.  Steve Rogers could jump from a plane and survive the fall, could stand there, on the spot, and make a speech that could rouse the hearts and minds of an entire organization, but he couldn’t figure out what he was supposed to do with his hands once he started kissing someone.  They started at Sam’s shoulders, his fingers curling light and unsure, but they stayed there for only a moment before they fell away only to reappear briefly at Sam’s elbows.  

Sam contemplated taking control of the kiss, pushing a little.  He imagined pressing Steve back, the way Steve’s fingers would tighten on Sam, the way his face might flush