hard."

Anonymous says:so I'm not sure if you're still taking requests, but if you are, i'd really really love to see more from your drifter au. like what happens when bucky comes back with that whole box of condoms he was sent to get, for example. but honestly anything you could be convinced to write for that au would make me happy, it's just one of my favorite things and i really love the characterization. and also, of course, the porn :)

Zetsubonna says:This fic was my first piece released early for sponsors on Patreon! :) I'm kind of proud of how many times I violated Rule Two (No Research), but if you see any inaccuracies, let me know, because I still don't get anything beta'd.

Steve thought about setting up one of their phones to play music, but got distracted watching Bucky. He stopped to wash his hand and dry it, checking his nails, then caught Steve watching him and started ostentatiously wiggling his eyebrows as he looked over Steve's prone, naked body, snorting with laughter when it earned him both of Steve's middle fingers. Steve was learning that indulging himself in every irritable impulse only ever made Bucky laugh, so long as it wasn't genuine anger directed at him.

They were comfortable. It was nice. Steve couldn't remember just being alone with the same person for days ever being so nice. Bucky made thoughtful sounds when he dug deeper into Steve's bag to find the condoms, and Steve watched him from the bed.

Steve wasn't sure, if he was honest with himself, what it was about this brittle, long-haired fella that was giving him the incentive to do any of this. He wasn't, usually, the type of guy who picked up hitchhikers. He didn't share motel rooms with strangers, hadn't had anybody in his bed since the last time he'd been on R&R.

But Bucky, he had that easy, sharp smile, those stormy gray blue eyes, that hip-led, prowling walk. He opened doors for everybody, tipped his hat to old folks, kids and women, raised his lashes slow every time, like he was taking all of a person in, lighting up with what he saw.

How does a fella like that, Steve wondered, watching Bucky's jaw slowly hitch back and forth, end up in fatigues?

Bucky snorted with laughter, and Steve carefully flattened his expression.

"Oh, honeybee," Bucky chuckled, pushing to his feet and pulling out, at the same time, a plastic bag with multiple boxes of condoms in it. "Were you in Boy Scouts, before the Army?"

"Baseball team," Steve corrected. "ROTC. I got a touch of germ phobia, what do you want me to say?"

"Illustration, right?" Bucky remembered. "You're still hiding a sketch pad in the car somewhere, I ain't buying anything less. Specially not after seein' this."

He knelt on the bed, swung himself back astride Steve's thighs, settled, then upended the bag on Steve's flat, bare stomach. It flinched when one of the boxes hit him right on the head of his still mostly-hard cock, making both of them smother giggles.

"What kinda goodies you got squirreled away?" Bucky asked, sitting back and eyeballing the packages. "Flavored- grape must be for you, you've remembered my candy preferences last three gas stations. Mm, so the mint ones are for me. Latex and poly? You little charmer."

"I've been watching you smoke since I picked you up," Steve muttered, resting his hands on Bucky's thighs.

"Well, it ain't Maybelline," Bucky said, smirking, "Latex is fine goin' forward, surprised you ain't allergic."

"Mm," Steve grunted, trying not to stare too obviously at Bucky's mouth. "Lifetime of exposure, more or less."

"Polyurethane don't work for me," Bucky murmured. "Not bragging, but I need a little more give. Anyway. What else you got? Oh, these are nice. You don't go cheap, do you, baby doll? This mean you're gonna let me-"

"I can do a level of crass," Steve said, frowning, "But I don't do mean. You keep it sweet, we keep going. You piss me off-"

"I sleep in the car," Bucky finished, nodding. "Not a problem, I don't do mean, neither. I ain't that kind of sergeant." He popped open the box of mint flavored condoms, shoving the rest off Steve and letting the boxes scatter across the sheet. "Three gonna be enough?"

Steve squirmed, grinning. "Is it?"

"Pretty boy like you?" Bucky grinned back, leaning in, raking his eyes shamelessly over Steve's body, all the way to