afraid.

The plan was to silently walk together around the old cemetery that was also the largest in their town. But that original plan was weak, and of course, Mathias, Gilbert, and Kiku knew better. How could Alfred be more scared if his four companions seemed to not care? None of the four knew that Y/N was another scared cat, for she was good in pretending to be fearless, just like how she pretended to be just a friend, though the latter was already found out.

Getting bored by the supposed ‘fun adventure’, Mathias and Gilbert signaled to Kiku to set their own plan into action. Walking behind the two targets and bringing no flashlight of their own, with Kiku’s flashlight off, made it easier for the three to leave the two. And it was only some moments later that the two cowards realized their friends were no longer with them.

“Oh man. Mathias? Gil? Kiku?! Fuck, I knew it.” Alfred was starting to get nervous.

Y/N’s heart started to beat faster, not because she was in love, but because she was scared. “Guys! What the heck, where are you?” She called to her friends trying to not shout very loud.

“Damn those three. Especially Kiku.” Alfred could not believe he was being pranked at such crucial time. To hide his fear, he thought of a cheerful topic for conversation. “Do you think they left to prank the dead? Or should we prank them? Our friends or the dead?”

Alfred’s suggestion did not help both of them to stay calm. But Y/N had a better idea. “Goodness, Alfred, let’s just finish this stupid adventure and go home.” With that, Y/N opened her bag and showed Alfred her packed sandwiches.

They should have chosen a small cemetery, not this one that seemed to be endless, Y/N thought, unless they did not know they were just going in circles. Finding the exit which meant going back to the entrance was never this hard. It was a very quiet night and only Alfred munching on the sandwiches could be heard. It was a good distraction, though, to both of them. But Y/N was not in the mood to eat hers; trying to stay alert for possible combat or flight if ever some of the residents there woke up.

Y/N being busy hiding her own fear and just being silent, Alfred felt the chills in the atmosphere. Having finished all the sandwiches even those that were for the three, except Y/N’s, he resorted to playing with his flashlight to keep him distracted, though not very careful on not pointing its brightness to some graves. And having caught something moving from behind a tomb was not a good distraction.

So this was how it felt like being hugged, no, being wrapped around Alfred’s arms to death. This was not romantic at all. Especially Y/N also shrieked herself when Alfred suddenly seemed to crush her by his panic hug.

“Y/N, something moved.” Alfred whispered to Y/N; believing that it would not be a good idea to let whatever that caused the movement know that he knew it moved.

Y/N was getting really scared, that she could not say any word. But she wanted to get rid of that fear. Alfred hugging her and facing a fear? Two birds in one stone. She did not see herself what really moved. And thinking if it would be safe enough to investigate or simply to run away, she decided to focus her flashlight to where Alfred saw something moved, but before she could do so, a light flashed from its direction. And then another one. And then another one.

Maybe it was now time to run away. And that was what they did. Two cowards holding hands while running to nowhere with the lights from their flashlights showing them the same paths they had already traversed. They finally realized they were just back at the same spot, perhaps more than three times. And they were scared even more.

“Shit! Y/N we should remove our clothes!” Alfred suggested.

“What the heck, Al?” Y/N was furious.

“No! I mean, we should wear it inside out! Heard it before somewhere haha!” His trying to laugh to hide his fear was not very effective.

The legend was suddenly familiar to Y/N, that when one was lost, the clothes should be worn inside out and the right way out should be found. Flashes of light were see again, and Y/N was about to do Alfred’s suggestion and was ready to pull up her shirt when a trail of light approached them.

The two let out a duet of scream as an old man with white long hair in outdated clothes hurried towards their direction. “What is with youth today?!”

The old man might have looked not so alive, but his voice was very lively. Y/N was scared but her mind was still functioning properly, and so she focused her flashlight to the old