move over my entrance and I parted my knees, raising my backside for more

"Zayn? Zayn!" I heard yelling over the phone "put Niall on the fucking phone"

"I'm on it" I had to fight back every moan

"Where the hell are you two?!" He screeched through the phone "everybody is here and we're waiting for your sorry ass? I hate to break it to you diva but if you're not here in the next five-"

I couldn't help but groan as his tongue pressed into me

"You two are so gross" I heard Louis whine "every time I'm on the phone with you you're getting fucked"

"No, Louis" I panted "I am not getting fucked. Man, I'm getting -fuck- eaten"

He just hung up and I heard Zayn burst out laughing behind me

"Oi don't stop!"

"Eaten?" Zayn was still laughing

"Fine, we can wait till later to do this" I huffed

"No, wait" he whined, tugging me by my ankles across the floor. He slung my feet that were bound by the pants around my ankles over his head and he began to rim me some more with his tongue

"Z-Zayn please" I moaned

"I love your ass, baby" 

I moaned louder, my fingers curling against the carpet

"Fuck..." He breathed hard "you taste so good"

"Zayn, w-we have to go"

"M-mm" he hummed against my entrance, sucking on my hole

"Zayn, please stop" I heaved

He huffed and let me go, but licked over my entrance a few more times

"Zayn"

"I want your ass baby please"

"Later"

I began to tug up my boxers and he gave an annoyed whine but let me do so. I did up my pants and then he put his clothes back on

"You look sexy" I grinned

"Oh really?" He asked amused

"I already want your dick in me" I then winked "and haven't even had a drink yet"

He laughed and then kissed my head "let's go"

"Can I drive?"

"Absolutely not"

"Aw, Zayn" I begged

"No baby, not tonight" 

"Fine"

Zayn's POV

The second we arrived a drink was put into Niall's hand. I stayed sober seeing as I had to take us home again, Louis and Niall both got shit-faced together

I sat watching a guy who was checking him out

"Baby!" I called

"You wanna fuck?" He lit up

"You see that guy there?" I asked

"Mhm"

"You like him?"

"I guess so"

"Well he likes you" I whispered "so why don't you dance with him for me"

"Okay"

He then ran off again, Louis was with Harry and they were both dancing with girls. Louis seemed to get straight when he was drunk which made no sense but that's just his thing I guess

Niall began talking to the guy who then pulled him near. They began to dance, Niall was grinding his backside against the other boy, watching me to make sure I could see him

I licked my lips and then bit my lower lip, feeling my pants tighten

Man he could move. 

The guy's hands moved down Niall's hips which made my defensive mode spike. I got out of my seat and Niall guided the guy's hands back to stay still, stopping it from moving down

I stayed standing just in case, and they began to grind again. Niall swayed his hips right down the guy's body, rubbing his backside on the stranger's crotch

I just watched and watched, and I knew Niall was seriously turned on

I saw Niall's hand grab the guy's crotch and whisper something to him

I went over and grasped ahold of him, pulling him roughly against

"You listen up" I hissed "you know the rules about dancing with other people"

"I'm Niall" he grinned "and you're really, really hot. Like... Super really hot"

"What's going on here, who's he?"

"I'm his Dom" I said protectively "you keep your hands off my boy"

"Hey man, he came onto me"

"Oh really?" I asked angrily "he knows his rules, and you mate are not allowed to touch below his hips"

"Oh fuck off you weren't even with him" the guy went of "besides, it's his body!"

"May be his body but it's my fucking property!"

"Hey, boys, boys" Niall stood between us "calm down. I don't want either of you, I have a Dom already"

"Pet" I said 

"Oh, hey Zayn" he grinned

"Let's go"

"But I'm horny"

"I'm not fucking you in a club"

"Oh come on, nobody will