say, a practical people. This shop could create functional chairs, tables, couches without ornamentation. However, most beings enjoy some form of aesthetic enhancement. The furnishings we build are pleasing to the touch and to the eye, and they are also durable. The wish to make one's personal environment a pleasant one is not a sign of weakness. Perhaps you will think me eccentric for speaking so personally, but I believe that we have something useful to learn from the Pre-Surakian period. "

"I hope that you will forgive me for asking a personal question, but is that why you wear your hair long? An homage to the Pre-Surakian period?"

"It is agreeable to know that you are well versed in Vulcan history, if not surprising. Yes, that is part of the reason. I am a newcomer to the higher realms of Vulcan society. At one time during my youth I had hoped to study the architecture of our planet, and eventually to train to become a torvausu, an engineer or a teacher. My family had no wealth or influence. So...my plans changed. All of our plans changed. The roads and bridges I would have built would be gone now. At least I am teaching my apprentices something useful. I am a furniture maker with enough skill to convince some influential Vulcans that I am an artist as well, and therefore I am free to display some mildly odd behavior. Nothing that would frighten away my clientele, but I am allowed to be different."

A corner of his mouth turned up in a sad half-smile; then he looked down and wrote some notes in Vulcan script into a padd with a large screen, a kind used by engineers and visual artists. "May I say...it will be a matter of personal pride that you selected my business to create a gift for Osasu Spock. Some Vulcans look down upon him for his half-human parentage. I, as a fellow outsider, admire his integrity and his persistence."

"Sir, I have great admiration for your talents. I'm sure that your apprentices are learning more than carpentry. Some useful life lessons, perhaps?"

"Perhaps." Donstelralth looked flattered, but made no further reply; the apprentice Stelendos appeared carrying a tray of tea things. Nyota smiled at him as he set the tray down, but this only seemed to confuse him; he flushed a deep olive green. Nyota wanted to make him feel better and spoke in Standard. "Thank you for bringing the tea, and for speaking Standard with me when I first came in."

"Yer welcome, Okosu", he stammered in Standard and Vulcan, before fleeing to the back of the shop.

A different apprentice entered; he knelt down to place two large books of fabric samples on the table before her. Less shy than his co-worker, he looked at her, and said clearly in Standard, "Madam, we have also other collections of samples of fabric, if it pleases you."

"Serranstivlen has been working with the shop for nearly two Standard years now. He helped us organize the move to New Vulcan. He is also a talented carver," Donstelralth said, nodding at the apprentice.

"Thank you, Osavensu," the young Vulcan said. He cast one more interested look at Nyota before he turned and left. Apparently Spock wasn't the only younger Vulcan paying attention to human women. Nyota wondered what this might mean for the future of the Vulcan colony.

"Very talented, and a bit arrogant," sighed Donstelralth. "Please make some changes and suggestions for the design, if you would like." He handed her a stylus and moved the padd in front of her.

Nyota accepted the stylus and made notations on the template image of a couch displayed on the padd's screen. Made comfortable by the calm, unpretentious atmosphere of the shop, she stayed for nearly a full hour and a half of Standard time, chatting with Donstelralth and accepting additional cups of tea from the apprentices. She was amused to see that a different young Vulcan brought out the tea tray each time, allowing each of them to steal a closer look at their human visitor.

Donstelralth fixed Serranstivlen with a stern look when the young Vulcan made his third trip from the workshop, this time bearing a bowl of fruit. "How goes your progress on that table for the cultural center?"

A faint green blush appeared beneath the tawny color of his face as he protested, "I applied the last coat of stain this morning. It is not dry yet. We apprentices desire only to make the lady comfortable." He scurried back into the workshop, and there were no further interruptions.

At one point, Donstelralth explained quietly that certain clients chose to submit life-size holos of themselves using their existing furniture in various positions and movements. The holors were measured by a computer program so that the new furniture could be built to suitable dimensions. This made it possible for them to enjoy the commissioned pieces in their favorite ways. He explained it as indirectly and politely as possible while looking at the screen on the wall, but Nyota found herself unable to respond and