awaits.”

Taking that as the invitation it was, Arthur gently sat down on Alfred’s lap and swung his legs over the other side of the wheelchair. He leaned in to kiss Alfred tenderly on the mouth, enjoying the soft comfort of his boyfriend’s chapped lips. After a few more gentle kisses, he rested his head against Alfred’s shoulder and gazed up at him from behind his eyelashes, well aware of the effect the coy look always had on his boyfriend. “This is nice. Very comfortable.”

Alfred snorted. “You’re just saying that to make me feel better.”

“No, I’m saying it because I love you. Every part of you.” Arthur wrapped his arms around Alfred’s neck and snuggled closer. “And I’ve got a little surprise for you,” he whispered in Alfred’s ear. Before his boyfriend could start guessing what it was, Arthur quickly climbed out of the wheelchair and walked over to the clothing box he had left in the closet. Using the partially-closed closet door to shield himself from Alfred’s view, he found his pair of high heels near the top and pressed his hand against the wall for balance as he strapped them on.

“What are you doing?” Alfred asked, his voice getting louder as he wheeled closer.

Arthur glanced over his shoulder and gave his boyfriend a coy look. “Let’s make this a proper homecoming, shall we?” he proposed with a smirk.

Alfred blinked in confusion as he glanced up and down from Arthur’s head to his high heels. “Aren’t those going to make it harder to move the boxes?”

Clicking his heels confidently across the hardwood floor as he strode forward, Arthur grinned and shook his head. “That’s not what I’m planning on making harder.”

Understanding dawned on Alfred’s face. “Oh…” His face reddened. “What if I can’t…”

“Then you’ll just have to fuck me with a leather strap-on,” Arthur interrupted. “I’ve got one in the box.” With his eyelids drooping to half-mast, Arthur slowly and gracefully pulled the bottom of his sweater vest over his firm abs. The warm fabric stretched tightly across his chest. He gently stroked his hips and lean stomach with smooth, graceful fingers. The fingers splayed across his tummy mesmerized him. Even his own hands looked tan compared to his pale stomach, though Alfred’s were much darker.

As his skin tingled in anticipation, Arthur pulled his hands back up to the sweater vest and finished pulling it over his head, revealing the frilly green bra hidden underneath. He swung the top in a circle above his head and tossed it to the side.

Alfred gaped. “Is that lingerie?” he asked, both incredulous and excited.

“They’re called MANties,” Arthur corrected him, grinning as he exposed the lacy mystery hidden by his street clothes. The thrill of exposing his naughty little secret was enough to send a delicious rush of blood south. Alfred opened his mouth to speak again, but Arthur leaned forward and pressed his finger against Alfred’s lips. “Hush, love. Just sit back and enjoy the show.”

Balancing on the high heels, Arthur turned away from Alfred and gracefully bent forward. The thin fabric of his trousers strained against his taut buttocks. He undid the top button, pulled down the zipper, and slowly shimmied out of his slacks. When they had pooled on the floor, he stepped out of one leg and then kicked the clothing to the side with his other heel.

“That feels so much better,” Arthur purred as he turned back to face Alfred, showing off a delicate pair of green panties and the garter belt holding up his lacy white stockings. They were a roomier cut than women’s panties—the silken fabric stretched out in the front to show off his hardening cock. He lifted one leg up onto a box and posed. “What do you think?”

Alfred gulped. His eyes drank in the stockings that hugged Arthur’s calves and thighs, roaming upward to his bulging, lacy panties. “Jesus Christ, babe. You’ve got the nicest fucking legs in the world.”

“Oh yes, keep that up. Flattery will get you everywhere.” Wearing an alluring smile, Arthur slipped one hand down his MANties while Alfred licked his lips. He played with himself for a few moments and eyed the tented fabric between Alfred’s legs. How long had it been since he’d had a nice, thick cock up his ass? Far too long, that was certain. But now that Alfred was out of the hospital, they finally had some privacy again. “Let me help you get those off,” Arthur suggested as he leaned forward and unzipped his boyfriend’s jeans.

“You’re always helping me get off,” Alfred teased as he lifted himself a few inches off the chair.

Trying not to let himself get distracted by Alfred’s stupid puns or his impressively muscular arms, Arthur pulled the jeans and boxers down his boyfriend