to pull, she was also his best mate’s sister. He wasn’t sure how this whole friendship with Zayn had even happened. Zayn had been one of those idiots who very clearly couldn’t read the snake habitat sign and had stumbled right into one of its inhabitants. Liam had had to stick his hand down Zayn’s trousers in order to get the snake out and… well, perhaps his hand had touched something it normally wouldn’t have.

There’d been a spark when his fingers had brushed against the surprisingly soft flesh of Zayn’s cock, feeling the hint of hardness just beneath and there had been something roiling in his own stomach at that feeling. Perhaps it was just the adrenaline from easing the snake past the waistband of Zayn’s boxer shorts that had kicked in and made such a mess of Liam’s brain and emotions, but whatever it was, he’d wanted it. He’d wanted that nameless, exciting thing that had made his insides tingle.

After that they’d become mates and when Liam had been invited to the London zoo and Zayn had offered to let him stay at his place Liam hadn’t turned down that offer. Normally he didn’t enjoy charity, but it hadn’t felt that way with Zayn at all. It had felt like an invitation to something that remained unspoken and whatever it was he wanted it.

 

When Liam came home that night Veronica was wearing very high heels again and a white dress tight enough to leave nothing to the imagination. Her long hair had been gathered at a knot on top of her head, leaving her delicate collar bones and the smooth column of her neck free to the eye… and the touch.

“My friends have a party tonight,“ she explained, fastening a small pearl earring to the velvet lobe of her ear. “I told them you’d come too.“

“Uh, I haven’t even eaten yet,“ Liam said lamely. “And shouldn’t someone stay home with Zayn?“

“He went out himself so that shouldn’t be much of a problem,“ Veronica answered with a smile. “I’d really love for you to come with me, Liam. Can you do that for me?“

Liam knew that he should have turned down the invitation and just gone to bed. He couldn’t come with her if he didn’t want to continue where they had left off and he wasn’t sure if he wanted that. Well, hell, of course he wanted to do that. He was utterly unable to think of anything but Veronica’s lithe body writhing against his own, sinking his tongue and fingers and cock into her velvety heat and taking her until they were both screaming each other’s names. But he really, really shouldn’t.

“Well, okay. Let me get dressed, though.“

When Liam went into his bedroom he had a brief vision of Veronica on the sheets, her long smooth legs falling apart at the knees, letting him see what he’d only felt so far. In this vision she was completely naked, her back arching for him so her small breasts pushed upwards and into his waiting mouth…

Banning the thought from his mind with immense difficulty, Liam went to the closet and chose a t-shirt to wear with his trousers. He wanted it to look nice, but not like he was trying to make an effort here. He chose a fairly tight black one. Liam had started working out at the tender age of fifteen and he took pride in his appearance. It was a studied pride, though, unlike the natural grace with which Zayn carried himself. When Zayn entered a room he did so on the understanding that he was the most handsome man in it and somehow everyone else seemed to believe that, too.

Liam couldn’t think about Zayn right now, though – not if he wanted to go through with this. He refreshed his deodorant before pulling the shirt over his head. He gave himself a critical look in the mirror, but there was nothing to be done; he looked as good as he ever would.

Once he was satisfied with his appearance he walked back out into the living area where Veronica was walking up and down the length of the room, her heels clicking softly on the floor. The dress allowed him a spectacular view of her narrow back, the pearls of her spine. He wanted to trace them with his finger and follow them where they vanished under the white of her dress. But not right now.

Offering his arm to her, he smiled. “May I have the honour of accompanying you to your carriage, ma’am?“ he asked playfully and Veronica giggled.

It was such a cute girly sound that Liam wanted to catch it in a bottle and bring it out whenever he needed to be cheered up.

“Or, you know, you could just record it and put it on a CD,“ he heard Zayn’s ironic voice in his head. It was the same voice Zayn had used when Liam had referred to Santa as the little Christmas man