with it, not on those terms.

It would have been a different kind of pain entirely, the cage and the collar.

And then, eventually, they would have killed or destroyed each other anyway.

The Master couldn’t be kept, least of all by his best enemy. The Mistress, however...she’s much smarter as a Time Lady, and she’s had time to think.

It’s not letting the Doctor have his way if she handpicks his companions. It’s not surrender if she writes the terms. And her first term is this: Not that one, thinks she’s so smart, unfortunate fashion choices, showing off to teacher like she has the right to even a moment of his attention. He’s petting the dog and promising it a treat and it smiles a sickening excited smile all to itself like it has been entrusted with the best present in the universe--and Missy didn’t use to be someone who kicked an animal because his friend was kind to it, but that was a long time ago.

People change.

Because Missy also didn’t use to have to look on while that friend turned away and shared his intimacies with somebody else. Because there was a time they were first and foremost to each other, that companion you can never wait to see because his soul reverberates with yours and sets it singing. Because now when he looks at her it’s to see through her; now when he sees her he sees something he really only wants to resent.

The human girl, all the human girls, represent the life whose loss the Master has never understood; their existence salts endlessly the wound of repudiation.

The Doctor looks at this one with sudden appreciation like she’s been clever, and his head bowed in familiar conference over a workbench makes Missy want to scream.

Before, the rising drums would have mediated the pressure in her blood, but that’s mercury that’s been drained away, and now there’s only hot certainty and cold heartache. She listens to the directives her anger gift her. There’s relief in acknowledging the reasons she does the things she does.

The act of killing the girl (she did too smell--like sweaty toiletty human musk), of making her properly scared before popping the balloon, she supposes, is fun. By the time the Doctor returns Missy has basically forgotten what it felt like, save for the sensation of plastic grinding into grit under her shoe and the brief satisfaction of breaking one of the Doctor’s toys.

The violence on the Doctor’s face, though, looking up at her with the crushed glasses in his hand, in the moment he shifts from realisation to wrath, that Missy feels ineradicably. If outrage is the only emotion she can claim from him, at least it’s hers. Proof she can still rouse some passion.

She thinks, with a thrill, that he’s going to hit her.

He has it in him, this regeneration. He keeps it tightly checked, which is new, but that’s what you do when you’re afraid of your own darkness, you draw the curtains against it and pretend it isn’t waiting outside the circle of the fire’s glow. You gather your dignity like a cloak and hope that it’ll save you from yourself, because no one else is willing. And when it doesn’t, even you don’t recognise the thing that rips its way into being.

His fury is breathtaking, simultaneously righteous and naïve. His lip curls and his teeth show and his eyes are hooded and accusatory and alight with savagery. “Why are you doing this?” is an artless question but forgiveable considering all the years the Master himself didn’t really know.

What else could she do? Her life is a medium shot through so many times with the sharp filaments of him that pull them out (and he has, oh he has done, one cruel thread at a time or sometimes fistfuls all at once) and she’s more space than matter, a warren of threaded wounds. The Mistress is aware she’s hollow (directionless, unstable) without the Doctor. He is the pivot around which she revolves and the frame of reference against which she holds herself erect.

For a long time, she tried to defy this hateful law. Maybe it was possible, once. She can’t remember.

Once, she, too, felt things besides rage, besides pain (hers, his, even other people’s).

Later, she watches him tell his new friends that she can’t feel pain, and the choked disbelieving hiccough of a laugh catches in her throat, because she has felt so much pain she is numb to anything kinder.

She would have liked him to have hit her.

She would have liked to feel the sting. She would have liked the physical proof he really does want to hurt her, and that she can be hurt, a red mark across her cheek, a bruise under her eye, look at me, see me.

See your imprint on