Louis asks and Harry nods, lying, looking back out at everybody for a moment just to remind himself why he wasn't enjoying himself at all. "You sure? You looked a little down a few minutes ago."

"I'm fine," Harry's quick to say, and then starts tapping a beat on the table with his fingers because he's nervous but really isn't willing to show it to Louis.

"Okay then. You wanna dance?" Harry chokes on absolutely nothing but Louis' words in his mind and he isn't quite sure how that's even possible. Still, he shakes his head. He can't dance. Louis shrugs, and gets up, "Suit yourself," he says before giving Harry one last smile and walking off to the dance floor.

Harry sighs as he watches Louis' friends all twerking on each other, laughing and having a good time. Louis looks cute when he's genuinely happy.


____ 


Another hour passes and Harry finally decides to check his watch; 8:54. He has to be up on the stage, announcing the Prom King and Queen in six minutes. Finally, Harry thinks, something to do. All he has to do is get up on the stage, say what he has to, and then he can finally go home. He wants the night to end as quickly as possible, so he decides to just get up on the stage now and get it all over and done with.

He jumps on the stage and picks up the microphone that's sitting behind the amplifier, hidden so nobody steals it, and once the Zayn sees that Harry's up on the stage he stops the music. Everybody stops dancing and Harry takes a deep breath before beggining. "Hello!" He shouts enthusiastically and everybody starts cheering. The cheering goes on for a bit too long and so Harry says, "Shut up," and then everybody starts laughing but they go quiet.

"I'm not gonna bother asking you if you're having fun tonight, because I think it's pretty obvious the answer is yes." More cheers and Harry decides to just skip the rest of the speaking and get onto the winners. "But, I'm not here to ask how you're all doing tonight. I'm here for one reason, and that reason is... To announce the Prom King and Prom Queen of 2013!" More cheers. Harry's sick of it already.

"Okay, so, I'm just gonna skip the usual crap and get straight to the winners who are in-" he quickly runs over to the amplifier the microphone was behind and picks up a white envelope, holding it up in the air "-this envelope." More cheers. Harry unseals the envelope and takes out the folded piece of paper, holding it up so it's only facing him. 

In big, black letters read; Eleanor Calder and Louis Tomlinson. Of course, Harry thinks. "Ladies first. The winner of the 2013 Prom Queen title is... ELEANOR CALDER!" Everybody cheers, but all you can hear are the girly squeals from all of Eleanor's friends. She walks up in a small, blue dress that shows of her legs perfectly. Eleanor had the best style, Harry had to admit. With a kiss on the cheek, Harry places the tiara atop Eleanor's head. "Congratulations," he says to her and she says "thank you" and then they're moving onto the Prom King.

"And the Prom King 2013 is.... Surprise, surprise, it's LOUIS TOMLINSON!" Manly cheers fill up the room now and Harry smiles as Louis walks up on stage. Harry's three years younger than Louis, but he's still nearly as tall, so it isn't awkward when he places the crown on Louis. Zayn then runs up and gives Louis and Eleanor a microphone each so they can say their speeches. 

Harry walks over to one of the amps and takes a seat on it, twirling the microphone in his hand as Louis and Eleanor say their thanks and "I won, bitches!" 's. Then everybody clears the floor and give Louis and Eleanor some room to have their dance. They keep on laughing because they've been best friends for ages, and Harry can only imagine how awkward it must be for them. Especially since Louis' gay and people are still yelling out comments like "You two should date!".

Then the song is over and everybody moves onto the dance floor for another slow song. Everybody's partnered up, even Zayn up in the DJ booth has Perrie grinding on him; that's their way of being romantic. They're an odd couple. Everybody has a partner but Harry, and he decides it's time to walk home. He only lives a block away from the school, anyway.

He starts walking home, jacket slung over his shoulder. It's a cold night, but it was hot inside and Harry still needs to cool down from that. He was sweating and he didn'