seen enough loss for one lifetime. The salt and pepper curls that matched a rough, yet dignified beard.

Finn felt his breath hitch in his throat. He wasn’t ready.

Kes Dameron. He was here to say goodbye to his son.

The man he had heard so much about, here in front of him. Though he looked utterly heartbroken, Kes weakly shot him that effortlessly brilliant Dameron smile as he reached out a hand.

“You must be Finn.”

His body on autopilot, Finn reached a hand to meet him. Poe had been a hugger and Kes was no different, wrapping his arms around the former Stormtrooper. Finn closed his eyes and leaned in to it. He felt warm, welcoming, like family.

They both stood there in the rain for a long while before wordlessly deciding it was time to say their goodbyes, Kes walking with his arm over Finn’s shoulder.

A crowd that Finn figured was the entire base had gathered at a clearing in the woods. In the center of the clearing was a funeral pyre, typically reserved for fallen Jedi. Whether it was because Poe had been slightly Force-sensitive, or because Leia respected him that damn much, Finn was grateful.

It was a symbolic pyre. The First Order hadn’t returned the body.

Leia had taken a slightly elevated position at the head of the group, which had fallen silent as they waited for her to begin.

The entire base listened in quiet rapture as she spoke of Poe Dameron’s life, detailing everything from his Resistance triumphs, to the way he made people feel important, special, to his childhood on the base. Finn was standing next to Kes, trying in vain to hold it together. In the past day the tears had fallen out of him without warning, but at this moment he felt his cheeks flush and his throat constrict as he bit back his anguish. Kes once again wrapped his arm around his shoulder and pulled him close. Finn didn’t dare look up, but he could tell from the way Kes’s chest heaved that it was for his own comfort as much as Finn’s.

Once Leia concluded, Snap and Jessika, two of Poe’s best friends, walked forward with torches. He realized that Leia had been holding back the rain using the Force.  

Finn watched as the flames grew, climbing into the sky, up towards oblivion. He wished he was up there, above it all. Above the rain, above the clouds. Careless, floating away from this place, away from the pain that was eating him alive. He’d float, and when he was done floating, he’d see Poe again.

As the flames died down, people began returning to the base. There were a few who stayed, including Leia and the pilots, but in the end the only two left were Kes and Finn. Kes with his arm still around Finn’s shoulder, Finn still leaning in like Kes was his own father.

They stood there in silence all evening and into the night, watching as the fire burned to a glowing ember. It was morning when the fire finally ceased.

It would be nice to say that at this moment, the dawn of a new day, the grey clouds parted and the sun peeked through.

But it just kept raining.

Surprise bonus chapter to possibly make everything better.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

A week after the funeral, and the Resistance base was finding its new normal. Morale was low, but the impending victory against the First Order was helping to rally the troops, all of whom had lost so much.

General Organa was sitting in Comms going over the latest intel when she heard a crashing sound from just above them, followed by the familiar clang of BB-8’s body rolling down the stairs. Finn was flying hot at BB-8’s side, the two of them rushing past the rest of the station to address her.

“Finn, what… what’s the meaning of this? Is everything alright?”

He was out of breath, bending over briefly to rest his hands on his knees, explaining himself in spurts. “BB-8! Has a –! The video –! BB-8… show! Show her!”

Rolling to the middle of the room, oblivious to the gathering crowd, BB-8 proudly broadcast the message he had received only minutes earlier.

“–mmander Poe Dameron, with the Resistance. I’m uh, very much alive, and would really love an evac team to come help me, uh, if you can spare one. Can’t explain now, limited power left. I’m sending BB-8 the coordinates. Hope you guys see this. Uh, so yeah, please send –”

The message was cut off, and began to repeat. Poe looked like hell, matching the holovid of his body the First Order had sent to them. Did they fake his death, only to keep him alive in secret? Had Poe escaped? But how? All of these questions and more raced through General Organa’s mind