search for the awakened heart, if you put your hand through your rib cage and feel for it, there is nothing there but tenderness. You feel sore and soft, and if you open your eyes to the rest of the world, you feel tremendous sadness. This sadness doesn't come from being mistreated. You don't feel sad because someone has insulted you or because you feel impoverished. Rather, this experience of sadness is unconditioned. It occurs because your heart is completely open, exposed. It is the pure raw heart.

"Earth to Sam Winchester."

Sam looked up, dazed.

"Sammy?" Dean asked, forking the last of the egg and pancake into his mouth.

Sam looked at his brother, mouth slack, brow furrowed. His heart was in his throat, constricting his airway, his lungs were heaving behind his rib bones, his brain a block of ice inside his skull. Of course. Of course, of course, of course.

Dean was rising slowly in the booth seat. "Sam?"

Quickly he raised one hand and waved it at Dean vaguely. He grabbed at the coffee and downed it in three gulps. His brain began to thaw.

Dean settled back down, pushing his sopped-clean plate to the edge of the table and leaned towards him on his elbows. "What the hell was that? Did you find out something about this salt and burn? I thought you said it was a straightforward gig?"

Sam tried to speak but could not. He nodded, realizing he still must have everything written across his face as he watched fear surface again in his brother's eyes. He flashed him his trademark crooked grin and the fear faded to a wary caution. He wiped his knuckles beneath his nose, sure he would see a strip of dark blood, but nothing. "Yeah, uh," he cleared his throat. Oh, god, Dean, Dean, Dean. When does this pain end, where does this pain take us, you and I? He swallowed hard. "Naw, it's nothing. I mean, it's something, but this job is a straightforward salt and burn. As a matter of fact, we should get on it, huh?"

***

And the straightforward salt and burn was anything but, of course. A very angry, very strong ghost of some long murdered Civil War soldier went up in smoke and down into ash with a fight that left Sam lying on the floor of a marble mausoleum, his skull cracked, his brain whirling inside. From eyes slitted nearly shut to hold the outrageous pain somewhat at bay, he watched Dean finish the job and bit back the curse on his lips for the dead. Let them lie, let them sleep in peace.

And when Dean crouched beside him, a steady hand on his shoulder, bending close to hear Sam spit words like broken teeth out of his mouth, Sam simply said, "Leaving you, buddy. Just the usual, you know. Me. Leaving. You."

He drifted into unconsciousness blessedly leaving behind dreams and visions and the strange new longing that had been circulating through him systemically all day long.

***

"Sammy."

Dean's voice rocked him back into wakefulness. Out of the dream.

They had been on a boat, actually he still felt like he was on a boat. It had been a small wooden watercraft, Dean pulling the double sculls, while Sam lay on his back on the bottom of the boat, looking up into a steel-grey sky. He had been trying to tell his brother something. Something important and in the way of dreams he could not form the words inside his mouth.

He came awake. And then he could speak. "We're a team; you have to let me pull. We'll each take an oar."

"Whatever, dream king. Here, water," Dean held the requisite motel bathroom glass to his lips. "Slow. Slow down, Sammy, just sip it. Okay. How's your head?"

Sam realized that his head hurt terribly. "Ow," he moaned. He thought he could hear Dean smirking. "Why'd you remind me? My head."

"Because I need to know, and you need to keep waking up so I can check on you. Here, let me look at your pupils. Open them peepers."

A quick penlight flash in each eye. Sam groaned again.

"I think you're going to be okay. But I do think you got yourself concussed, Rip Van Winkle. I'm going to have to keep waking your ass up hourly."

Sam nodded and drifted away again. Time passed, seeping and weeping like blood and bile.

"Sammy." Dean's voice pulled him once more out of the rocking of the boat, it had a glass-bottom now and Sam was lying on his stomach looking down at the murky green below. Dean was still pulling both oars.

He murmured into the pillow and felt Dean reach out and tug it gently out from beneath his face.

"How you feeling now? You going