piercing silvery eyes and accepted his previous offer.

She then grabbed her robe and walked back to the Slytherin common room. But he didn't follow. He sat under the tree by the lake for a while after she left, a smirk imprinted on his handsome face.

He'd done it. She was his.

They continued to tease each other from then on. They both left each other hanging, not giving each other what they really wanted. And as he walked through the school's corridors, he could feel the stares of both the boys and the girls—the boys envious of the fact that Nagini was his and the girls envious because he was hers.

When they kissed for the first time, he was angry. He was in the deserted girls' bathroom, furious with many things, but not her. She just happened to walk in on him losing his mind. And he could tell she feared him, as much as she didn't want to show it. So she tried to calm him down, not bothering to ask why he was angry. She just wanted him calm.

He calmed down only a bit while she soothed him and held his face between her soft hands. And then he looked at her, and he kissed her. It was slower than he would've liked, but this was Nagini, not some other girl that he'd end up throwing away like an empty box. So he took advantage of the moment and held on to her as if his life depended on it.

And so they were almost always together. She studied, he studied with her. She read, he read with her. They went to Slughorn's parties together every time, and soon enough, the year began to end.

He kissed her before they departed, but said nothing. She smiled at him before she left King's Cross, and he smiled back only so very slightly that she'd be the only one to notice it.

Sixth year began, and Nagini was surprised to see that he'd grown taller and became broader. His physicality changed. And, so it seemed, his mentality. He was still gentle with her, but not as much as he'd used to be.

When other boys stared at her, he threatened them. When she was talking to a Seventh year about the N.E.W.T. exams, he grabbed her by her arm and told her to not get so close to other males. She was upset at the way he grabbed her, but let it go. She thought, perhaps, there was something on his mind that was bothering him.

He was tense that year and on; keeping secrets and making mysterious disappearances. She asked him one day if there was something bothering him. He growled out a firm "no" and she flinched back at his furious expression, slightly frightened.

Two days after that, he saw how upset she was. He didn't apologize, for Tom Riddle does not apologize to anyone, but he took her to the abandoned girls' bathroom, and there he kissed her. And she let him, until it became out of control. He was being rougher with her, touching her forcefully and pulling the ends of her hair and biting her neck, and she didn't like it much. It wasn't like him to be that way, he wasn't the Tom she knew and fell in love with the year prior. So she pushed him away gently and whispered "Please, not now."

Angry that she didn't want to, he stomped out of the bathroom, leaving her there; confused and helpless.

About a month after, she gave in. He took her to the abandoned bathroom once more and kissed her hard, slipping his hand under her uniform skirt immediately. She didn't like doing it while he was angry, but it seemed he was angry all the time now. And so he stole her virginity, her bit of innocence, and even her happiness all in one night.

The meetings were constant from then on. It was in the bathroom, every day. He needed a way to let out his anger, and his supposed way was through her. And she let him. She let him use her.

Months later, a Ravenclaw girl named Myrtle had died. Tom seemed oblivious to everything going on, but Nagini was suspicious, for when she died, he was not present, and when he returned, he said he knew nothing.

She didn't believe him, but she merely responded with silence. And so, Sixth year had ended.

He kissed her again before departure, but he did not smile.

And neither did she.

Seventh year began, and their meetings were frequent once more, turning into two or three times a day instead of just once. She'd leave the bathroom sore, and he'd strut about like nothing was wrong, giving the school a perfect image of the supposedly perfect couple.

One day, she walks up to him while he's sitting under the tree by the