The man was now beginning to recover, shaking shards of broken china and food off of himself as he stood up again. Nero, noticing this, quickly grabbed the red haired woman in a headlock a produced a kunai from the inside of his cloak, placing the sharp edge against her throat and drawing a small amount of blood.

"You bastard! Let her go!" The man was now clambering to retrieve his sword from it's spot on the ground.

Nero's patience was beginning to run thin. He really wanted to get some sleep tonight, but he also needed to transport this damned girl to a cell. The definite last thing he wanted to do was fight some dramatic husband for the showdown of the century.

"Enough. I appreciate the hospitality, but-"

Before Nero could finish his sentence, something unexpected happened. The woman threw her elbows back and managed to break out of the hold. Nero wasn't exactly holding on tight as he didn't expect much resistance with a sharp blade to her neck, but there she was, now stumbling back towards her husband. She stopped and reached for a kunai out of a holster on her thigh, turning back towards Nero.

Nero scoffed angrily. "Are we really going through this again?

Very few things shocked Nero anymore, but he really wasn't prepared for the woman turning the kunai to her mouth and separating her tongue from the base. Both Nero and the other man stood speechless as the organ fell to the floor and the woman collapsed in pain. It took a minute for Nero to realize exactly what she'd done and his eyes lit with anger under his mask.

Blind rage started to consume the shinobi and he threw a hard kick at her stomach, causing her to cough blood all over the floor. The man winced and drew his sword back, rushing at Nero again. Acting quickly, Nero unsheathed his blade and slashed it upwards through the torso of his attacker. He fell back to the ground next to his wife with blood spilling out of his open wound.

"Dumb girl. You play with me…" Nero stepped over the man. "You pay your price."

Within a breathe, the man's head was rolling to the ground. The now tongueless woman struggled to stay conscious and weakly attempted to crawl her way over to her husband.

"What to do…." Nero managed to calm himself before he ended up killing the very thing he came here for. His spur of the moment plan didn't end up working out as well as he thought it would and the girl went to extreme lengths to keep Orochimaru's information hidden. She was smart, she knew her mouth would break before her mind did.

"Ah." Nero's eyes lit up under his mask and he broke out in a smile. The woman, nearly passed out next to her headless husband and bleeding profusely from her mouth was lifted over Nero's shoulder and thrown down on the floor of another room, leaving fresh spots of blood on the clean wood. Nero reached into his cloak and pulled out a small brush and can of black paint. He opened the can and began to paint an intricate design on the floor that was about the size of the woman. A couple minute later, he was dragging the unconscious girl by her right arm into the circle.

Placing his right hand on the floor next to the design, his hand began to turn blue as he exerted chakra out of himself and into the black paint. The design began to glow a deep blue and the radiant light in the room became blinding, swallowing the injured girl up. Then, within a heartbeat, the light vanished and the girl was gone. The black paint was replaced by slightly scattered ashes and Nero swiped his feet across the floor, removing what was left of the design.

Shaking his head, disappointed at the mess he made, he jumped back through the hole he made in the roof and dashed back onto the rooftops.

'Kyoshi, I'm transporting the aforementioned informant into the third cell.' Nero was truly hoping, for Kyoshi's sake, that he would answer immediately. Luckily for both parties, the man answered within a few seconds.

'R-right now? You're coming?' Nero noticed that his subordinate sounded a bit dazed and he suspected he had just woken up. Nero tried to hold his annoyance in so he could finish up this conversation as soon as possible.

'No, I'm not coming. I transported her via a seal that I usually use for moving items quickly, hopefully she isn't dead.'

'Dead? W-why would she be dead?' The man had a hint of fear in his voice.

'Well, we had a bit of a situation here. Long story short, her tongue is completely gone and there's a pretty high chance she'll be missing a fuck ton of blood by the time she reaches you. Your job is to keep her alive and sane. I don't give a shit about her physical state as long as she isn't dead.