, but you gathered your clothes and put them back on. 


Laying down, you wondered once again what Pucci was doing...






    Pucci was in fact sitting in his office when Whitesnake came to him. He was very curious as to what the hell his stand was up to the past 30 minutes, and why his hand felt like he shoved it in a warm plate of spaghetti. Initially, he started trying to get whatever liquid was on his fingers off before he came to the realization that his stand was up to something. 
“I send you out to make sure she hasn’t done anything, and you get into something? Were you even watching her?” He asked his stand, clearly angry that Whitesnake would dare disobey him. 
  

“I was.” Whitesnake merely answered. 


Pucci stared at him, squinting until it finally clicked. He sat at his desk, staring at Whitesnake. Why would a 

stand

 of all things do something like this? “You weren’t supposed to do 

that

.” 



Pucci sighed, rubbing his temples. At least his fingers didn't feel wet anymore... 


Why would Whitesnake do this? ....Well stands ARE an extension of the user's soul...

Reader confronts Pucci about the escapade with Whitesnake. Later on, Whitesnake once again goes to Reader for a little bit of fun.

'nother NSFW warning for this chapter.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


    Throughout the next few days, you spent your time trying to read. Emphasis on trying. Instead, your mind was racing with a revelation; Stands are an extension of the user's soul... Whitesnake is an extension of Pucci’s soul... Whitesnake fingered you... 


‘

Does that mean... Is Pucci...’ 

You thought. 





    Pucci was making sure the church foyer was clean, yet he was also thinking about what Whitesnake had done. “Sinful... Absolutely sinful...” He muttered to himself. He had spent the last 12 minutes counting prime numbers to calm himself. Pucci was upset, in more ways than one. Part of him, a deep part that he’s repressed for years, wants Whitesnake to do that again... That part of him wants to bring you here and watch as you’re panting, squirming... He had to put a stop to those thoughts. They were impure, improper...Pucci spent years suppressing his sexual urges. Sure, he had treated himself to some ‘self time’ but the guilt brought afterwards was too much to bare. Top that off with the tremendous studies he undertook to become a priest in the first place. Simply put, Pucci didn’t have the time or space to explore that section of himself. So, it became repressed. Something he frowned upon. 
  

However, the repression only made the urges stronger, Whitesnake picked up on that. 


There were a few times Pucci wished his stand wasn’t sentient, and this was one of them. 





    You paced in your cell, contemplating whether or not to go and confront Pucci... If Whitesnake did that to you then maybe Pucci has... Feelings for you? It sounded absurd, but you needed to get it clear. You slipped out of your cell and made you way down to the church, fighting off a pit that had formed in your stomach. In short time, you arrived. You gently opened the doors, peeking in.  There Pucci was, looking directly at the door. 


“Hello, Father Pucci.” You tentatively spoke, stepping in. You looked around to make sure Whitesnake wasn’t around. 


“Hello, ___” He addressed you by name. There was tension in the air, and you stayed silent for a matter of moments. 


“I need to talk to you about something.” You finally spoke up, walking towards him. 


Pucci had hoped to avoid this, but there was no sense in changing the subject. “I think I already know what you want to talk about.” He commented. “Let's talk in my office.” He walked back in the direction of it. 






    

‘His office... Great.’

 you thought to yourself, quietly sighing. You followed him in, sitting in the chair in front of his desk. “Father Pucci... I’m guessing that you’re already aware of what Whitesnake did...” You started. 


“Yes. There is no need to explain it. Unless you wish to.” You were shocked from his wording. 


“I... Well...” You stumbled in your words, not sure what to say. “You mentioned that a stand is a part of the user, right?” You asked. 


“Yes, that is correct.” He nodded, sitting down. 


“Does that mean... You uh... Well, if Whitesnake touched me like that, does that me you’ve been wanting to?” Your voice was shaky as you looked into Pucci’s eyes... His beautiful brown eyes that you could get lost in. 


There was a long silence between you two as Pucci struggled to find an answer to that. 


Finally, he spoke up. “___, you must know I cannot engage in actions like that. I have no interest in