he thinks he knows everything, but he don't got a clue," Daryl sneered.

"He thinks you deserve better than random fucks," Rick said, still smiling but not looking directly at him.

Daryl just growled, downing his drink in one.

The night carried on quite badly, Rick trying to have small talk and Daryl not willing to comply. Instead he was trying to keep his attention on the other men that was occupying the bar. Trying damn hard not to keep staring at Rick.

He could see that Rick was becoming agitated just as a man walked through the doors. Daryl grinned, the night could still be saved.

The man was someone whose name Daryl couldn't remember, but he had been all over Daryl, and if Daryl could remember rightly, he had fucked him good.

Rick looked over to see who Daryl was smiling at, seen as he hadn't been paying any attention to who he was actually with. He saw a young man eyeing Daryl back up, smiling at him from behind his drink.

"You know him?" Rick asked.

"Hm?" Daryl snapped his head back to Rick.

"That guy you're smiling at? You know him?" Rick asked again, giving Daryl a look he couldn't quite figure out.

"Just some guy I've met once before," Daryl answered pinning his eyes back on the unnamed man.

"If you want to go and hang with him it's fine, I can just go," Rick said, surprising Daryl when he saw that Rick looked slightly rejected and hurt.

"No it's fine, you was saying something about your partner Shane?" Daryl questioned, feeling like a dick for making Rick feel bad.

Rick's face lit up as he continued his anecdote about his friend Shane. Daryl tried to make it look like he was listening but the man was now nodding to Daryl then towards the door.

Just as Daryl was about to call it a night on Rick, the cop placed his hand on Daryl's bicep, giving a small squeeze.

"We should go somewhere else, you know, maybe a walk just you and me?" Daryl inwardly cursed his brother for trying to set him up, just when he thought he was going to get laid he had to babysit a guy that was nothing more than a fantasy for Daryl.

"Yeah sure," Daryl sighed, looking over to the other man, giving him a look that said maybe next time with a wink.

Rick smiled and stood, taking Daryl by the wrist, pulling him out of the bar.

They began to walk, Daryl didn't know exactly where they was going but Rick kept touching him as he spoke, filling any silences. Daryl didn't mind the sound of Rick's voice, even with his southern drawl he managed to keep his voice soft and friendly.

When they came to a stop it was outside a small house on a quiet street, somewhere Daryl hadn't been before.

"Do you want to come in?" Rick asked, looking hopeful, his hands now fidgeting nervously.

"Rick I've had a good time, but you don't got to do all this for my brother. I appreciate you taking me out an' all," Daryl said, keeping his eyes to the floor.

"Oh," Daryl couldn't see Rick's expression but he was sure he didn't want to. "Well, I had a good time too, I'm sorry if you wanted to be with that other guy, I didn't mean to get in the way,"

"You weren't in the way, like I said, you already done enough, and I've taken up enough of your time," Daryl began to nibble on his thumb, his own nervous habit.

"I ain't got nothing better to do with my time if you still want to come in?" Rick asked again, sounding hopeful.

"Nah, I'd better head home, got to get up early for work, thanks anyway," Daryl began to walk away as he heard Rick shout after him.

"I'll see you around then?!"

Daryl just grunted.

 

***

 

Merle found himself sat on the opposite side of Rick's desk, mustering up the dirtiest of looks he could give.

"What do you want me to do Merle? He just wasn't interested in me! I can't force him!" Rick sighed, running his hand over his face.

"You could have tried harder! He looked like someone had kicked his puppy for God's sake!"

"I think that was because I had gotten in the way of the guy he was practically eye fucking! He didn't want me he wanted anyone in that damn bar but me!" Rick tried again, reasoning with a Dixon was proving to be difficult.

"Do you want him?" Merle asked, his voice low and serious.

"Listen, I really didn't expect much when I turned up at your home the other day, but you was right