you without backup, and certainly not for a liason,” Sherlock said evenly. Jim's fingers relaxed and his glare softened again. 

“Mmm much better, not so difficult was that?” Jim asked as he leaned forward to brush his own arousal against Sherlock's member. Sherlock relaxed again as well and reached up to pull the other man back towards him letting his hands gently caress the soft hairs at the back of Jim's head while they kissed. 

“Your second in command's name?” Sherlock asked as Jim urged him to roll over, switching their positions. 

“Haven't got one, not really,” Jim said stretching out beneath the detective and resting his arms behind his head smugly, “at least a dozen probably think they are, but none of them are cleaver like us Sherlock, none of them could hold the reins if daddy wasn't here to steer the wagon.”

Sherlock went to kiss him again, but Jim moved like a viper gripping his arm quickly. Sherlock gave him a questioning look, but Moriarty just grinned and gave a little jerk of his hips. Sherlock gave a dramatic sigh and rolled his eyes, but scooted back on the bed nonetheless to position himself over the criminal's growing arousal. 

His musician's fingers slide carefully under the waistband of Jim's pants and pulled them low enough to free his erection. Jim lifted his hips obligingly so that Sherlock could properly remove the offending garment. Once the pants had been cast aside Sherlock caressed and kissed his way up the inside of pale yet strong thighs until he could nuzzle at the patch of dark curly hair between them. Jim reached a hand out to rest it, almost tenderly, at the back of Sherlock's head. 

“Your brother's favorite drink?” Jim asked as Sherlock leaned in to take an experimental lick along the underside of his cock. 

“Are you so desperate to put me off this that you feel the need to bring my brother into the bedroom?” Sherlock asked with a snort. Jim just smiled his sadistic little grin and gave sharp tug at the black locks of hair his fingers were twined with. Sherlock yelped, then flushed with anger and perhaps a bit of embarrassment at having to be reprimanded, yet again. 

“If he is asked he'll say Hennessy Cognac Pardis, privately he truly enjoys a Glenrothes single malt scotch, but considers it too common a drink,” Sherlock said quietly, glaring daggers into the dark brown eyes locked on his own. Jim released his hold again and smoothed Sherlock's hair sweetly. The questions were all seemingly benign, yet personal, nothing he could hack into a system to figure out, but why bother at all?

Sherlock debated momentarily just asking the man what his end game was, but quickly decided against it, not only was it a waste of a question, it made him seem stupid for not having figured it out. He required more data to work with. Resolved he took the head of Jim's cock into his mouth and rolled his tongue across it carefully. The bitter taste of pre-come was offset by a sweeter taste, possibly sweat, made heady by Jim's naturally musky scent. Times like this, Sherlock could see the appeal normal people found in regular sexual intercourse. 

Jim kept his eyes trained on Sherlock's bobbing head, his hand carding through the man's wild hair. Despite his attempt to maintain complete composure Jim found he could not remain completely silent as soft sighs and murmured words of approval found their way free of his lips. It seems he had been remiss to think Sherlock a naïve young virgin. The detective pulled off  suddenly with a loud pop. 

“You took a call at the pool, what did they tell you they had?” Sherlock asked, his hand cupping Jim's bullock's and tugging at it gently. Jim's eyebrow twitched in nearly unrecognizable irritation, good, let him be uncomfortable about showing his hand. 

“A quantity of potentially useful information for some of my terrorist friends. Information your dear brother has been most adapt at concealing from me until now,” Jim replied evenly. He was trying to play it off as if it didn't matter, but Sherlock could read the tension behind his gaze. He'd wanted the detective to ask the obvious questions, 'who had called,' nothing that couldn't be glibly answered without revealing anything of import. The information wasn't enough to cause real harm, but it wasn't what he had expected. Sherlock knew he'd have to work to keep his slight advantage over the man he was currently felatiating. 

Jim shifted himself up and slide a hand under Sherlock's chin tilting his head up until their eyes met. The detective's lips were wet with a mix of their combined fluids and his cheeks were flushed from his efforts. 

“Just lovely, you've a real talent for that pet, but I'm being a terrible host, lay back and make yourself comfortable,” Jim said, his thumb running slowly over Sherlock's abused lips. Sherlock nodded once and shifted over to