as the sky had begun to brighten.

“Look at it Max. Look as I take yet another group of lives. Watch the proof that not you nor anyone can ever stop me. I will make you witness the death of every one of them, and then I’m going to make good on my promise you can be sure of that. Trust and believe I’m going to make you beg me to kill you. Now watch.” They both looked on. One with sadistic anticipation and the other with eyes flowing with tears. 

The lake was covered in mist. The dark forest imposed itself across the horizon save for the small opening that was Camp Campbell some two miles further down the coast. As the sun crested above the mountainside the area was filled in bright morning light chasing away the darkness and revealing the tranquil country, but that was all. Max watched for the second time that night as Daniel’s smile slowly fell away and was replaced with fury as the knife bit deeper into the boy’s hip. 

“What did you do?” Daniel was still looking at the camp.

“N-nothing. I didn’t do anything!” he screamed again as Daniel twisted the knife.

“DON’T FUCKING LIE TO ME YOU LITTLE SHIT.” He pulled the knife free and drove it into the wood next to Max’s head and brought their faces together. “YOU’RE THE ONLY ONe who…”

Daniel grabbed the knife again holding it out and using his other hand to draw the mist around him as a massive creature burst into the small clearing and onto Daniel. The knife disappeared into the mass of fur but so too did Daniel as the pair landed somewhere behind Max. The sound of a scuffle erupted as the two tried to end the other. The beast roared. Daniel screamed. Both sides let out sounds of pain and triumph. Flesh was struck. Trees cracked apart. Max yelled into the morning hoping someone would help until the sound of a body hitting the ground and the piercing noise of metal through flesh ended his cries. Max twisted as best he could causing the rope to bite deeper into his hands. He had to see what had happened but no matter how hard he turned the tree that he was tied blocked the scene. Whoever or whatever had won was now walking toward Max. 

“PLEASE,” he sobbed and yelled. “PLEAse don’t kill me jesUS FUCKING CHRIST! SOMONE PLEASE!” He couldn’t see through the mixture of blood and tears but a human shape appeared before him and he knew that Daniel had kept his promise.

“Max, language.” The figure wiped away his tears with a piece of fabric and Max looked up into the green eyes of David. “Don’t move. Let me cut you down.” Max fell into David’s arms and cried into the man’s shoulder as they held each other for a long moment until Max could only sniffle, and pulled away. They looked at each other; David noting all the cuts and blood on the boy’s body and Max putting it together that not only was David more naked than himself but that he was the thing that had attacked Daniel. Max drew back a fist and hit the older man in the arm.

“Why didn’t you fucking tell me you could do that?” He began crying again. “All this time my camp counselor had been a fucking werewolf or whatever, and you didn’t even tell me.” Max grabbed the man’s shoulders and pulled his face close. “You have to make me one too.” David smiled at the boy and rubbed his arm thinking of what to do next. Daniel was so corrupted that it was possible that he had created others who might try to get at Max, and the counselor felt responsible for the boy’s protection. He tells Max that he has to be entirely sure before they can begin, making the boy swear he wants to become like David. 

Max gets ready thinking that it will be like in the movies and all that’s going to happen is he’d have to drink some blood or get bitten. So he goes to David and presents his neck to the older man squeezing his eyes shut in anticipation. David finds the innocent display adorable and can’t stop himself from smiling at the boy before telling him that it’s going to be a bit more complicated than that. He will have to be joined with the pack and develop through a most intimate bond. Max doesn’t quite understand at first. David presents the largest of the wolf pack, the Beta. David tells him that the Beta will prepare him for what else has to happen so that he will be injured as little as possible. But it will still hurt. Max is forced to the ground by the large beast and becomes frantic. David reminds him that he wanted this and that it will be worth it in the end that this is what’s best for Max’s safety, but the boy just feels like he’s been taken advantage of again. 

The Beta forces Max back onto the ground and