Might as well do everything human the right way while he was at it, and from what he observed from the Winchesters, pie was essential in a meal.

The food was delicious, and calmed the storm that was his stomach. One pocket was full of as much pain medication as the hospital would give him, and the other filled with the bills of currency thanks to Bobby. This was all he had as he boarded the bus that would take him the direction Dean had told him they were heading to face Pestilence.

It was a very long distance away. From what he calculated at the current rate they were going, he wouldn’t be anywhere near them even within the next few hours. Humans were so slow. How could they be such fast paced creatures and yet be so slow when getting things done? Dean needed him now. He already hated being “out of battery” but the fact that he was letting Dean down on top of it made it sting twice as much. How was he to help if he didn’t have any Grace to do it with?

Before he could get too lost in his painful thoughts, a young child who’d been sitting next to him reached into his coat’s pocket and pulled out one of the bottles of pills there. Startled about the sudden theft, he turned his wide blue gaze to the young child of no more than five. The child’s mother looked over at the sound of the rattling pills and began to apologize for her offspring, while at the same time making a judging look at the pills.

Giving her a hard look he took back the pills from the child. He was in pain dammit, he needed them. Speaking of, might as well take a few more, his back was starting to twinge discomfortingly from the prolonged sitting position. He ignored the disapproving glance from the woman and her not very subtle pull of her child closer.

If she knew what he was she wouldn’t be nearly so revolted.

Or maybe she would, he couldn’t tell anymore which human was devout and which weren’t.

Hours passed by and the bus ride got more uncomfortable. He spent most of his time watching the people in the bus themselves, trying to see their souls underneath their skin and getting frustrated when he could barely catch a glimmer. Less people sat by him, he supposed it was due to the pinched faces he knew he was making. He didn’t make a very welcoming picture. Then again he didn’t feel particularly welcoming either.

Again the speed at which he was traveling was aggravating. Dean needed him and he’d somehow found a way to put Lucifer back in the Pit and Castiel was going to help them if it was the last thing he did. And it very well might be now that he was vulnerable and human.

He didn’t even notice that he was impatiently tapping his leg until a young woman sat next to him and asked him if he was in a hurry. Shocked that someone had sat next to him again, and even more so that they’d started a conversation with him when everything in him broadcasted “doesn’t wish to be disturbed” had him stare at her for a long time.

His prolonged gaze seemed to unsettle her (why were humans so uncomfortable for long looks?) so he opened his mouth to speak, “I must get to my destination as fast as possible. Dean is counting on me.” Or at least he used to. He wasn’t so sure anymore, what help could he provide anyway?

“Oh is Dean your boyfriend or something?” she asked curiously, her brown ringlets brushing her face as she tilted her head to the side. If he could see it right now, he was sure she’d have a soft and kind soul. It saddened him to know he couldn’t tell right now. He also wasn’t sure on what that word meant, but he was Dean’s friend and currently a male, so he supposed to fit the situation.

“Yes. I’m meeting him and his brother, and I must get there soon. It is imperative to the survival of the planet.” He said seriously his blue eyes staring into her soft brown.

She laughed lightly at him, “oh doesn’t it always feel that way? What are you meeting them for? Family reunion, celebrity party, giant convention?” Her tone was tender hearted and jovial, and Castiel didn’t understand her flippant way of discussing the Apocalypse. Then again, she like many others probably didn’t believe in it in the first place. He supposed one of those terms loosely applied to it, so he chose that one.

“It is a large gathering yes, one I’d rather not happen any time soon.” He said hesitantly, shifting in his seat. His leg chose that moment to send up a wave of pain and he hissed under his breath. This pain thing was becoming tiresome. He brought out the pill bottle from earlier and swallowed down a few more of them, hoping they kicked in soon