Paris any day.”

 

 

 

This is how time stops, for the both of them: Marinette avoids Adrien at all costs.  She tells him that she needs to think about it (think about us, is what she doesn’t tell him).  

“I just … don’t think it’s a good idea.”  She fumbles with her fingers nervously.  “I don’t see why we can’t try,” Adrien glances at her from his side, but she’s focused somewhere beyond him.  

“We did try.  But it’s affecting the way we do things,” Marinette doesn’t know if she’s trying to convince herself, or Adrien, anymore.  “Keeping our work lives and our personal lives is a must, now.”  That’s as far as she’ll let herself go; she’s risking herself too much already, even this conversation is an anomaly.

“That’s all this is to you?  A job that you’re required to do?”  He sounds hurt, but Marinette swallows down the thought and buries it deep.  She’s always telling herself not to go soft for people, Adrien isn’t an exception.

“I don’t see why you’re so against this,” Adrien stands suddenly, and it prompts Marinette to gaze up to him, upon impulse.

“I’m just --” Marinette sighs, trying to force the words, any words, out of her mouth.  “It’ll be easier -- safer,” she reassures.

“Safer?” He steps back in surprise.  The way he’s looking at her makes her want to will herself to throw up.  “When did I ever say I wanted that?”  

 Reckless  , she thinks.    He’s being reckless again.   She’s going to get hurt; or worse, he’s going to get hurt, she’s going to hurt him.  It’s easier this way.  She’s watched enough movies and read enough novels to know what happens when you intertwine personal relationships with work relationships.  It’s safer.  It’s easier.

A part of her wants to be just as reckless, to drive directionless, to allow herself to drown in the undertow of each wave; but she swallows this urge down as well, twice as hard.  

“Forget it,” he mutters.  The way he looks at her, then, makes Marinette want to grab his shoulders and shake, apologize and tell him that this way no one has to get hurt; but he turns away from her too quickly and she’s left on the bench of their school, alone.

 

 

Their conversations become strictly limited to only when they’re Ladybug and Chat Noir.  Chat suddenly stops slouching an arm around her shoulders haphazardly like he used to, hesitates before high-fiving her, and begins to stall behind her, instead of next to her, when they jump from building to building.

Eventually, he stops touching her altogether.

And Ladybug doesn’t know why, why -- out of all things -- she noticed this the most.  It seems more of an afterthought, like something he has to physically hold himself back from doing; and yet she notes how quickly he retracts his hand before reaching out to her, notes how desperately he steps back when she purposefully tries to get him to touch her, notes how they no longer stand with shoulders touching.  

She thinks she’d give anything to have things go back to the way they were before.  This isn’t at all as easy as she thought it would be, but it’s safer.  Safer is better.  Safer is good, good for her, good for him, good for Paris, especially.  Safer means no one gets hurt.   Safer, she tells herself.    Safer, she convinces herself.    Safer, she assures herself.  

Somehow, it doesn’t work.  

 

 

A month passes by like this, the both of them equally as hesitant, the both of them equally as afraid, the both of them stuck in the same place.

It doesn’t go unnoticed by either Nino or Alya, however Alya turns out to be much more sympathetic than Nino.  

“So what, you had your chance and you just left him hanging?”  She says, leaning forward on the steps of the courtyard.  

“It’s more than that,” Marinette replies.  She doesn’t know what else to say.

Alya sighs, looking up towards the sky.  Clouds hug the sky, blocking the sun; it’s going to rain again soon.  “You guys went from strangers, to friends, to almost a couple.”

 Almost.   Were they really that close that they could have been more than just an  almost?  Is  almost  always going to be their definition -- almost lovers, almost together, almost happy?

“What are you guys now?”  

“I don’t know.”

 

 

 

This is how it hurts: it takes them three months to have a real conversation that goes past an akuma’s whereabouts or how to defeat one.

And it occurs on one of those nights, where everything is