line.” She caught the raised eyebrow.

“You know as well as I do, no one controls The Bull.”

With that, Aella gave up the fight. She sagged, let her eyes slide shut and willed her body to heal. She had no skills when it came to mending flesh or easing pain. Bolts of lightening or balls of fire she could do. Neither were of any help to her at the moment.

 

Back at the camp, they laid her out on a cot, Cole dragged a box over and sat at one end, so she could rest her cheek against his thighs while he held her hands. She could hear Bull and Dorian whispering, trying to be discrete. They were not doing a very good job of it. “I can hear you!” she finally yelled. “Just... do it.” Her clothes, cotton fabric, leather, and silk were fused to her skin in some places. The healing potions did nothing to push out an object embedded in the skin, simply healed around it.

“Short of one of us hitting you over the head, we have no way of knocking you out. We can't hold you down, either.” Too much of her skin had already burned off. No place to touch.

Cole gave her hands a gentle squeeze. “It's fine. I'll be still. Just... just do it, Dorian.”

It felt like weeks upon weeks of pain. Cole murmured to her, reassuring words, squeezing her hands harder when they pain got worse. Finally, Dorian let out a breath. “I think that's all of it,” he said and Aella cracked open one eye and promptly shut it again.

Aella was in and out of consciousness as they made the trek back to Skyhold. “We're back,” Cole said, fingers lighting touching her temple. Opening her eyes she saw nothing. It was dark. Late night? Or early morning? “Late,” Cole answered her unasked question.

“Have Iron Bull get him,” she said, knowing that it was the best option. They weren't supposed to be back, not for at least another week. But word would spread quickly of their early return, and Thom would be there. “Send him to my quarters.”

Normally, if Aella had been away and Thom stayed behind, she would track him down, and depending on her mood, tug him into a dark corner and have her wicked way with him, or drag him away to her room, with a bed and no interruptions and spend a few hours reminding him of all the reasons he loved her.

But now, Aella was laid out on her bed, utterly naked and maybe a little bit drugged. Pain relievers had always done funny things to her head, and that combined with the potions to help her heal and fight off infection left her head a little fuzzy.

“Maker's-” he didn't even get the rest of it out. He was at her side in an instant, hand hovering, afraid to touch. “Aella,” Thom's voice broke and she tilted her head a little to see him better.

“I'm okay,” she said.

“Never again.” It was a command and she quirked and eyebrow at him. “Where were they? Why weren't they watching your back?”

Stretching out her arm slowly, painfully, she waggled her fingers at him. “Thom, love, please.”

He was pacing, ranting, going on about figuring out ways to dismember the lot of them. She didn't have a lot of energy, but she had enough, she thought and sent a little shock of electricity right at his ass. Not enough to hurt, but it got his attention. He whirled around, his eyes slits. “Are you quite done, my love?” He sagged suddenly and was on his knees beside the bed, careful fingers taking her hand, he pressed his lips to each knuckle.

“It's bad,” he said, facial hair tickling against her fingers. She twisted her index finger and gave his beard a little tug.

“I need a kiss.”

“Aella.”

“Give me a damn kiss, Thom.” He did, though he frowned deeply before leaning forward, fingers touching her undamaged face, and brushed a barely-there kiss against her lips. She let out a quiet grunt of disapproval when he pulled back. “That hardly counts as a kiss. I want a real one,” she demanded.

“You can have a real one when the flesh of your back hasn't been seared off. I don't think you deserve one actually.” She made a little gasping sound at that and he caught her hand, laced their fingers together when she would have tugged at his beard again. “I am fairly certain I told you to be careful. Not to get hurt.”

Ah, yes, the goodbye kiss that had turned into him taking her fast and rough against the wall in the barn. They had begun to figure out ways to work around their difference in