Whatever."

They stared at each other for a long minute, comfortable with the silence. After playing cat and mouse for so long, they were used to it by now. The thrill of the heist, the game of wits, the hiding and chasing, and the eternal rendez-vous on the roof.

If he had to choose a favorite moment during his heist, Kaito would choose the latter. He thoroughly enjoyed the little time he always got facing his tiny detective. He obviously knew very well why, but he would never voice it out loud.

"How come you never try to catch me anymore?" he asked all of a sudden.

"What?"

"You never try to catch me anymore." he said again, watching the small boy in front of him intently. "Why?"

"Because you're a weird thief."

"Weird?"

Conan nodded, slowly taking his glasses off his face. He put them in one of his pockets, redirecting his gaze on the man in front of him. Teenager, he rectified in his head. 

He knew KID was probably the same age as his true-self, Kudou Shinichi. Hell, the guy could pass for his twin! Or myself, he considered slightly amused.

When he thought about it, he actually knew a lot when it came to KID.

He knew some trivia regarding the guy thanks to Hakuba. Stuff like how KID couldn't ice-skate to save his life or how he loved chocolate and sweets. 

Conan also knew the thief wasn't stealing randomly. KID was looking for a specific jewel. Although the detective had no idea which one and why. He had a feeling KID himself didn't know which jewel he was after.

He knew KID was an amazing magician too. Though he would never admit it to the guy.

Conan knew KID really stuck to his "No one gets hurt on a heist" policy as well, as weird as it sounded for a thief. And he always made sure his assistant was safe from getting caught before he disappeared on his hang-glider.

Most importantly, he also knew KID was very human. A happy-going - probably hyper - smart, witted, caring person, who helped him and even saved him of dangerous situations more than once before.

He knew so much about KID, he could actually look him up and unravel his true identity if he wanted to. But he never did.

Because somehow, during this year of dealing with the thief, he started looking at him like an ally - a friend - rather than another criminal to put behind bars. KID was one of the few persons with whom he could really be himself. Not Conan, but Shinichi.

He trusted him. And he liked to think KID trusted him back.

"Tantei-kun?"

Conan snapped out of his thoughts when he realized how KID was now crouched in front of him, a hand on his shoulder, a frown on his face.

"Wha-?"

"You alright?" he heard the man asking, concern in his voice.

"Yeah." he said, a small smile on his face. "Sorry. Looks like I zoned out for a bit."

"Clearly."

Another minute passed without them talking. They were staring at each other once again.

"Ne, KID..."

"What is it, Tantei-kun?"

"One day, I'd like to see your face." 

Conan watched the thief carefully, gauging his reaction. He felt the hand on his shoulder tensing unconsciously, the indigo eyes that were looking at him slowly darkening. Worry. Confusion. Surprise..., he said to himself.

"Is this is a joke, Tantei-kun?"

"No."

He kept his eyes fixed on KID, determined to let the other read his true intentions. 

"Why?"

A whisper, but Conan heard it anyway. They were too close to each other for him to miss it.

“You know why.” he whispered himself.

He allowed a tiny but genuine smile to tug his lips, moving just an inch forward to get closer to the thief. The hand on his shoulder tensed even more, but KID didn't move, watching him intently.

Conan stopped once he felt their noses touching. He could feel KID's nervousness slipping out of his body, although the magician thief was keeping it all behind his Poker Face.

Putting his small hands on the man's cheeks, he let his lips gently brushing KID's.

"Because you know the real me." he simply added, earnest.

He backed away a little, taking his hands off the thief's face to put them on his sides. Conan then watched Kaitou KID patiently, scrutinizing him to see if he managed to somehow break through the mask. He wanted KID to understand. He needed KID to understand.

He jolted a little when he felt gloved hands grabbing his, pulling him forward. Darkened indigo eyes were looking at him with severity.

"There will be no turning back, Tantei-kun." KID stated, seriousness in his voice despite using the nickname. "Is this really what you