zayn's bed as zayn rushed around his room to find clothes to pack. zayn opened a drawer beside his bed, pulling out a phone cord and then leaving it open as he went to shove the charger into his bag.

liam looked over in the drawer and his eyes widen at what he saw. four razor blades taken apart from a shaving razor, the broken razor beside them. he looked at zayn and then back at the blades.

"zayn..?" liam said quietly, taking his eyes off of the razor.

zayn hummed in response, zipping up his back pack. "yeah?"

"what's this?" liam pointed to the broken razor and blades.

zayn walked over and peaked into the drawer. his heart stopped for a second. he had forgotten about those. "o-oh, it's not what you think it is."

liam raised an eyebrow. not what i think it is? he thought. then what is it?!

"i read about dealing with stress and i-i came across this thing about using them and-" zayn was cut off by liam.

"you didn't cut yourself did you zayn!" liam questioned, his heart starting to race. how could zayn ever hurt himself?

"no, no!" zayn's eyes widen, "no, i promise, i didn't! i was too scared." he admitted.

liam let out a deep breath, "promise?"

"promise." zayn said truthfully, "you can even take them and throw them away if you don't believe me."

"i believe you, zee. but i'm still gonna throw them away." liam nodded, picking up the broken razor. zayn nodded back in agreement and pulled liam into a hug.

"i would never." zayn whispered.

"i know, zee, i know." liam responded giving his friend a quick hug back. "let's just go to my house and we can make dinner and watch movies, yeah?"

"yeah." zayn agreed, smiling softly.

thank god liam didn't question me anymore about those blades, zayn said to himself.

 


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


five ➵


 

 

liam and zayn walked back across the road to liam's house, liam carrying zayns bag, because it was 'something friends to do'.

once at liam's house, the pair walked into liam's bedroom and sat down together on the bed.

zayn sighed contently, leaning back to look at the ceiling.

"i had mum make your favorite for dinner." liam told zayn as he laid back with him.

zayn smiled, "thanks, li."

liam smiled back. seeing zayn smile, a real smile, always made liam's day better.

dinner went by quickly. zayn always enjoyed eating with liam's family because he never had this quality family time with his actual "family". it was normally just him and his dad eating in the living room. or zayn's father would go out with friends and zayn would be left to eat cereal or toast. but dinner at the payne's house was nice. freshly cooked meals and dessert, not to mention liam's mum always asked how everyone's day was.

zayn wished he had a complete family like liam. he wished he had a mum and a sister or brother, and a nicer father who actually cared.

zayn and liam helped clean the dishes after they ate (they had pasta and bread ((the really good warm, buttery kind)) just like liam said, it was zayns favorite). liam's mother thanks the two and kissed liam goodnight, to which he protested saying he was too old for kisses.

but zayn accepted his hug he was given. he loved the love that liam's mum gave him, it was something he never truly got to experience.

-

late that night, zayn and liam had put away the video games and their phones to lay in bed. they faced each other, legs tangled, and eyes locked.

"thanks for having me over, liam." zayn whispered.

liam was so, so kind to him. he felt as though he didn't deserve it, but greatly accepted liam's kindness.

"of course, zee" liam smiled sleepily, "you're my best friend."

zayn shrugged softly, smiling back at liam. "you know how you saw those razors earlier?"

liam's face dropped, he didn't want to bring the subject back up again, but nodded anyway.

"erm, well i did try." zayn mumbled, looking away from liam. he felt liam tense and quickly continued, "but it hurt too much. it didn't even leave a mark."

liam stared at zayn, not truly believing him.

"i promise." zayn whispered, "i just read about how it supposedly helps and i tried and it hurt an made me feel worse. i meant to throw it away, but i just never did."

liam sighed, "i believe you, zayn. lets just drop this and go to bed