.







My name is... well I don't really know my name. All I remember is that it started with a 'Z'. 







Well, I don't have a name, and this is my story. The story of how I learnt to live again. To have a heartbeat again.




Z.

What am I doing with my life?

What is my life anymore? The meaning of it?

I guess I'm dead, so my life doesn't have any meaning anymore.

And gosh, is my life boring. The same old repetitive routine. Nothing exciting or new.

I just want to connent, talk to people. Why can't I socialize? 'Cos I'm shy?

Oh. Right. It's 'cos almost everyone -including me- is dead. A corpse.

I shuffle through the busy train station, occassionally bumping into some fellow corpse. I can't even say sorry. I have no idea why some of us have made this train station our home. People wait at the train station, go to their destinations from the train station.

Though I don't know what we're all waiting for. What our destination is.

And what am I? A corpse. Dead. Rotten. At least, that's what the humans call us. I was a human too a long time ago. But I don't remember anything from my past life. Sad, huh?

I don't remember my family, my job... though my hoodie would suggest that I was unemployed.

Now I'm a zombie. Yes, a zombie. Though I don't have rotting flesh hanging off my bones. That is all 'cos of stupid human myths, and how they portray us. But they sure are right about a few things.

Including our diet.

And now, why are we dead? 'Cos of the apocalypse. I don't know what started the apocalypse, to be honest. Maybe it was chemical warfare, or an airborne virus, or a radioactive outbreak carrot.

But it doesn't really matter. This is what we are now.

Dead. Corpses. With no heartbeat, no feelings.

I'm dead. That girl standing there is dead. That guy in the corner is definitely dead.

And sometimes, I assume what people must have been, before they became this.

That guy was a... singer in a boyband.

That girl... was a fangirl.

I walk towards what I think is the direction of my 'home'. I hear growling and the tearing of flesh from bone in the distance, and cast my gaze to the side, mentally grimacing.

Oh, man. We call those guys Boneys. They resemble ugly skeletons. They don't bother us much, but they'll eat anything with a heartbeat. Well, I do too. But at least I'm conflicted about it.

We all become them someday.

A Boney tears the heart out of a poor human corpse, and two other Boneys lunge towards it. The one who gets it waves it teasingly in the other's face. I snort, shaking my head. A Boney glares at me as I pass by, and I increase my pace. Boy, they're scary.

This is what I have to look forward to. It's kind of a bummer.

At some point, you just give up. Lose all humanity. That's when you become a Boney.

I'm lost. Really lost. No, I mean I'm literally lost. I've never been in this part of the train station. I thought I was going back to my shelter, but I think I got distracted. Again.

Groaning, I look around at the unfamiliar surroundings, and sigh. It must've been so much better before. When everyone could express themselves, and communite their feelings, and enjoy each other's company.

I can't remember how that must've felt, and I long to feel that someday. I long to feel again, dream again. Is it just me? Am I the only who wants to change?

I shake my head and focus on where I'm going so I don't get lost again. I change courses, and walk back in what I hope is the right direction.

I hear a familiar grunt, and whip my head to the side. I nod my head and zombie-walk towards my best friend. And by best friend, I mean we occassionally grunt and stare awkwardly at each other.

His name is N. He has blonde hair unlike my black hair. We both have white, translucent skin and pale, blue eyes. The zombie characters.

"Grr," N speaks.

"Grrr," I answer him, nodding slightly. So this is mostly how our conversations went. But we even have almost-conversations sometimes.

Days pass this way.

But sometimes we even find actual words. Words like...

"H...ung...ry?" N says, questioning.

Is that even a question?