Oh dear,” Alix said right after Lily apologized, “your brothers look like they’re in a bad mood.”	“Were we really that bad last night?” Chris asked.	“I bet it was Ethan,” Brian surmised.  “He did some weird twisting thing with his hands…”	“I guess we better go cheer them up,” Alix said unenthusiastically, and the three left Lily looking confused and slightly grossed out.	Lily had to shake herself out of it.  They’re talking about Quidditch practice.  They had Quidditch practice last night, right?  Right?	She didn’t want to think about the other thing they could be implying.  In her mind, James and Albus were eunuchs, and she wanted to keep that interpretation in her head.  	Lorcan and Faye had joined her group by the time Lily sat back down at the Gryffindor table.  	“So guess what Declan mentioned to me this morning?” Lorcan, who was probably Declan’s best friend, said.  They all looked at him curiously.	Lorcan looked directly at Lily.  “He couldn’t help but say how gigantic your brothers’ cocks are.”	A noise came out of Lily’s mouth that sounded like a Phoenix screeching and she stabbed the table with her knife.	“Ms. Potter!” called out Professor Chang from the teacher’s table.  “That is mahogany!”	Even though she knew she wasn’t as good as her brothers, she glared at her favorite Professor, though luckily the Arithmancy teacher didn’t seem to notice.  	Lily then chanced a glance over at her brothers, and she saw that they were looking more agreeable, and all five boys were laughing.	“You look rather surprised, “Lily,” Faye said.	“They’re perverts, the lot of them,” Lily muttered before going back to her food.  	“Well, yeah,” Lorcan said.  “I promise that every single male student at this school just wanted to get into somebody’s pants.  Man, if I were into guys that way, I would so want to be part of what they have going.  But alas, my prick has different ideas.  	Hugo and Lysander chuckled while the girls just shook their heads.  	Then something dawned on Lily.  “Are my brothers exclusively gay?  I’ve ever seen or heard about them being with a girl.  They told Mum, Dad and me that they’re bi!”	“I think it’s both,” Hugo said.  “They said that they’re physically attracted to both, but mentally just attracted to guys, so they just do things with guys.  James said something about not wanting to deal with the bipolar emotions and mood swings.”	“Dear Merlin.  Not only do I have to carry on the Potter-Gryffindor legacy, but I’m going to be the only one to give my parents grandkids,” Lily complained.  	“That’s if you can find a straight guy at this school,” Rose said.  	“Actually,” Faye said, “I think only my brothers, Lily’s brothers, you two,” she pointed at Hugo and Lysander, “Scorpius and the Dylan guy play for the other team.  There are plenty of good looking guys that would be willing to reproduce with the Potter Princess.”	“You just have to make sure that they aren’t just going through you to get to James or Albus,” Rose said.  “We all know that Albus doesn’t have much of a conscious, and I’m sure James could be convinced to do things with your imaginary boyfriend.”	“Thanks for making it sound like I have no hope,” Lily said.  	“Now come on,” Hugo started.  “Just because your brothers are gorgeous, incestuous and apparently willing to fulfill almost any of your non-bondage related sexual fantasies doesn’t mean your completely hopeless.”	“Non-bondage related?” Rose asked.  “How would you know that?”	Lorcan laughed.  “My dear Rose, you are looking at the only two non-Slytherins to have participated in the famous homosexual Slytherin orgy.”	Hugo and Lysander looked somewhat proud.  Faye and Lorcan started laughing.  Rose looked at her brother like she was just seeing him for the first time.  	Well damn, Lily thought.  I guess Huggles isn’t as sweet and innocent as we all thought.	She sighed.  What has happened to Hogwarts?  All of the boys  seem to suddenly be porn-stars.	“Mum and Dad aren’t getting any grandkids,” Lily said.  “Boys sicken me.”

Hugo had been in all four common rooms at some point, and he was glad that he was a Hufflepuff.  He didn’t light heights, so Ravenclaw and Gryffindor were out of the question.  The Slytherin common room was just creepy, and all of the Slytherins he knew were creepy in some way.  His common room was just so cozy, warm and perfect for cuddling with his boyfriend.

Plus, the shower water makes Lysander’s hair smell like coconut.  Hugo didn’t know why he liked that so much.

“Do you think it’s strange?” Lysander asked.  The two of