perfect. Perfect-est butt ever. A+ bubble butt. Comfy. Plump. It jiggles too. A very nice butt indeed.” He smirked. “You should try it! Oh, no. Wait. You can’t anymore. It’s mine!”With a huff, Kyungsoo stormed off. His poor, poor Jongin. He would take revenge. Oh Sehun would pay for this outrage, he would make sure of it.“Why is Kyungsoo angry?” Jongin whined, hiding his face in his pillow. “He didn’t like it?”Sehun sighed, annoyed that Jongin thought so highly of his best friend’s opinion. Well, enough to doubt his decision of tattooing Sehun’s name on his ass.Truthfully, Sehun was surprised too. He really didn’t know okay! After class, Jongin disappeared god knew where and came back to the dorm walking funny, his eyes shining with unshed tears.Sehun thought the worst, of course. Who had hurt his baby??? But then Jongin was closing the door and taking off his clothes at the speed of light, sending them flying everywhere in the room and muttering to himself.“Wow, are you that happy to see me?” he joked, confused. Jongin wasn’t the type to undress and jump his boyfriend in the spur of the moment—not that Sehun would mind.But Jongin quickly made his way towards him and threw himself into his arms, muffling his sobs into Sehun’s hoodie. A little scared, Sehun could only hold him tight and wait for Jongin to talk to him. The younger sniffled before pulling away from him, looking up at his boyfriend’s face with tears still running down his face and snots sliding down his nose.Ew. Okay. Sehun might have a little bit optimistic—Jongin wasn’t always attractive. Hiding a grimace, he threaded his fingers through his boyfriend’s hair, whispering him words of comfort. “What is it? Are you hurt somewhere? Do you want to lie down?” he asked gently.Jongin shook his head, sniffling some more. “I have a surprise for you.” He detached himself from Sehun then and turned around, offering his boyfriend the perfect view of his amazing—Wait. Why was Jongin’s ass so red? Splotchy? With a weird sort of creamy white stuff on it? (No, it wasn’t his cum, sadly) And…was it black ink? Sehun gawped at his boyfriend, his mind processing the information. Jongin tattooed something on his butt.  Sehun couldn’t read what it was though, so he had to wait until Jongin was done bawling his eyes out to hear it from his mouth.“Your name,” he whispered shyly, a gentle smile gracing his plump lips.Sehun was kind of hyped about it, giddy even. Fucking ecstatic. And who wouldn’t? His boyfriend tattooed his name on his ass after all. It was like, better than marriage—and definitely better than a ring. Jongin would always wear Sehun’s name on his butt cheeks. Until deaths did them apart. It was fucking extraordinary okay!  He couldn’t wait to have a piece of that branded ass.But until then, he would show Jongin how much he appreciated it; how much he was happy with the idea of Jongin belonging to him. Sehun didn’t mind having to take care of Jongin’s butt cheeks—tattoos—for a few days, cleaning up, massaging and putting cream on them until they fully healed. Because the faster it healed the faster Sehun could tap dat pert booty. He would make sure to reward Jongin for being the absolute sweetest boyfriend ever. Jongin’s pain wouldn’t be for nothing.It was a fact well known around campus that Sehun hated it when Jongin cried. He would destroy everything and everyone who made his boyfriend sad. The only time he allowed it were when Jongin cried happy tears or, you know, pleasure tears—Jongin was really pretty when he cried as Sehun fucked him hard and fast, begging for his boyfriend to go harder, that he could take it.His sweet baby Jongin. His. All his. And did Sehun say he particularly loved it when Jongin’s tattooed butt cheeks jiggled as he walked naked? It was kind of nice—and funny—to see his name bouncing with Jongin’s ass as he moved around the room. Sehun could never resist giving his boyfriend’s butt a slap, marveling at the sight of the reddening skin around his name after he did. It was a new kind of tattoo each time, never at the same place, but a temporary one.In the next weeks, Kyungsoo didn’t show up and avoided meeting his friends, still upset about the whole tattoo thing. He would glare at Sehun everytime their eyes would meet. Jongin was feeling guilty and he wanted his best friend back. But he didn’t regret his decision, he would never. Not only because he liked it, but because Sehun was glowing these days, and it was all because of