he wouldn’t have opened his eyes or mouth for a little while. But Zach sounded anxious, so he gave a little stretch, then rolled over so he could see him.

“What’s wrong?”

There was a crease of worry on Zach’s brow. “I need you to help me remember something.”

Chris was surprised; of the two of them, Zach was the one with the better memory. Chris was always losing his keys or his wallet or his phone, while Zach seemed to have a constant mental connection with all of the essential items in his life, almost as though they were psychically linked. He often teased Zach that it was part of playing a Vulcan, to which Zach in turn would say something snarky about airheaded blonds. Never mind that he wasn’t actually blond.

“Yeah? What do you need help with?” Turning his body towards Zach had caused his cock to brush against Zach’s hip, which made it stir with renewed interest. It wasn’t unusual for him to wake up hard – proximity to Zach tended to do that to him – but actual contact tended to turn a passive erection into an active one.

“I can’t remember the first time I touched you.”

“Aww, I’m hurt,” Chris said, making a pouty face. “You mean every tiny detail of our relationship isn’t emblazoned forever on your memory?”

“Shut up,” Zach said, but he was smiling. “I remember all of the proper first times. Like our first date. The first time you stayed over. The first vacation we took.” It was an unspoken agreement that they didn’t discuss their first kiss or the first time they’d slept together; those had happened under less-than-ideal circumstances, and they had drawn a line under them in favour of remembering all of the sweetness that had come afterwards. Chris was confused that Zach seemed to be skirting around the issue, but then he clarified with, “I just don’t remember the first time I ever touched you ever,” and he understood.

“Mmmm,” Chris said, leaning over to Zach and giving him a deep, thorough kiss, tangling their tongues together and pressing closer into Zach’s side, “The first time you ever touched me ever. An important relationship milestone. I’m not sure whether Hallmark make anniversary cards for that.”

Zach gave him a light smack upside his head, and then pulled Chris so that he was properly on top of him, their warm, naked bodies pressed flush together, and kissed him back. They spent long, slow moments undulating slowly together, Zach hands guiding Chris’s hips to press against him just right, so that the low heat of desire that always burned in Chris’s stomach whenever he was close to Zach surged up into leaping flames.

“Mmmm,” Chris said again, in between Zach’s sweetly demanding kisses, “I don’t know. We must have hugged loads of times while we were filming Trek. We’re both pretty tactile guys.”

“Mmmhmm,” Zach answered, “But this is before hugs. I mean like the first time we ever touched.”

“When do you think it was?”

“I think it was – ohhhh, Chris, yes – at that party? At Patrick’s? Before your second audition? I remember grabbing your shoulder as I tried to persuade you to try again.”

Chris thought hard, although it was difficult to focus when his whole body was glowing with anticipation, but he couldn’t think back to that night.

“Um…I don’t know. I thought it was maybe – mmm, baby, so good – before then? I remember touching your ears when you told me you wanted to play Spock. That was before your audition. I just couldn’t help myself…felt like a dork afterwards, though.”

“I remember that!” Zach said, looking triumphant, and then grinning, “Also I remember getting inappropriately turned-on by it.”

Chris turned his head to run the tip of his tongue over the shell of Zach’s ear and felt him shiver. It was extremely gratifying.

“Well, before you, I didn’t know how erogenous ears could be,” he whispered, following it up with a nip to the earlobe that made Zach gasp. “You’ve taught me so much, Quinto.”

“Yeah?” Zach said, still grinding their cocks together, “Want to show me what you’ve learned? Show me you’re a good student?”

“I thought you wanted help remembering the first time we ever touched ever?”

“I’m more interested” – kiss to his jawline – “in where we’re touching” – soft bite to his neck – “now.” Zach’s mouth had found its way to his collarbone, which was one of Chris’s special spots, and it was becoming harder and harder to resist. Chris shifted on top of Zach and spread his legs, murmuring, “please, Zach,” and that was