as hell wasn’t in the last postcard I sent you.”

Dad had always burned them all anyway. “Missouri told me.”

Dean laughed, the low sound at once warmly familiar and achingly foreign. “Of course she did,” his smile faded as he watched Sam carefully. “What else she tell you?”

Sam shrugged. “Not much, just that you’d finally settled and that, seeing as I was in Stanford and you were in San Francisco, I should visit you when I had free time.”

“When did she tell you?”

Sam hesitated for a second. “Four years ago,” he admitted. He owed Dean the truth. “When I started college.” He watched Dean’s face carefully, searching for…he wasn’t sure. Anger maybe? Or betrayal. But Dean’s face was carefully inscrutable.

“What made you decide now was the time?”

“I wanted to, uh – ” Sam took a deep breath, “apologise. For what I said that night.”There was no need to clarify; they both knew which night he meant. “What I said…it haunts me,” Sam confessed. “The stuff that I said to you...” That I hated you, that you were wrong, that you weren’t my brother. He shook his head. “It’s the worst thing I’ve ever done.”

“Sam…”

“I’ll understand if you can’t forgive me. I just wanted you to know how deeply I regret it.” Now that he had started, it was hard to stop. “After everything you’d already been through I should’ve been there for you like you were for me. You were hurt and alone. I mean Dad had…and Uriel, the whole fucking town knew what was happening and they did nothing and I was so angry, so angry, for so long and you were god only knows where going through god only knows what while I was sat at home listening to the bullshit Pastor Novak and everyone else was spinning,” It was hard to fit ten years worth of apologies into one sentence –he knew his words were becoming jumbled – but he had to try.

“Sam.”

“I was an idiot, a fucking idiot and I know –”

“Sammy!” Dean had grabbed his arm, but the sound of his old nickname was enough to silence Sam. “Shut up for a sec ok? I’m not mad.”

“What? But I said –”

“Yeah I know what you said,” Dean cut him off, perfectly happy not to be reminded of the details. “But you were thirteen: a fucking idiot, like you said. Besides what could you have done? I didn’t want you to go through what I went through: that’s why I left,” he squeezed Sam’s arm, “and you’re here now, that’s the important part.” He waited patiently for Sam to finally meet his eyes again. Sam found them as warm and open as they were in his memories. It was as if a piece of him had been returned: one he hadn’t realised was missing until he had it back. He wondered how he had survived this long without it. He had his big brother again. 

“Thank you, Dean.”

“No problem Sammy.” The shallow words conveyed nothing of the understanding that passed between them. But they were Winchesters, so it would have to do. “So,” Dean smiled crookedly, “you go first.”

“First?”

“Yeah, tell me what I missed: prom date, college, gay phase?” he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively and Sam blushed: equal parts amused and angry.

“I never!”

“Well something changed your mind about me. What was it?”

“It wasn’t any one thing,” Sam told him. “Part of it was you: no matter what Dad or anyone else told me, and no matter what I told myself, I couldn’t really see you as an abomination or a demon or anything. And part of it was Pastor Novak: he kept going further and further off the rails. Screaming every week about this sin or that transgression. And he was getting so big too: in all the papers, radios, even TV broadcasts”

“You don’t have to tell me that part,” Dean grimaced, “I remember hearing those fucking sermons as far out as Idaho.”

“Yeah well he was so busy spreading the word of God to the masses that he forgot to deal with the doubters back home, and what little he did say only made me more confused. It was all so hate filled and angry. Eventually I cracked: finally went and talked to Missouri.” It was impossible to miss the way Dean’s mouth quirked up at the corner. Sam snorted at that. “Yeah, she chewed me out royally for what an idiot I’d been. But she helped. Then I left to go to college: actually saw the world for what it was instead of what they told me