and you two sway to the music, your upper bodies never changing position and your legs taking you in circles around the room.

The two of you dance through the eight songs in the disc. When it finally finishes you two, inches away from the transportalizer, stop.

“I don’t want tomorrow to happen, Dave,” he whispers finally.

You open your arms and embrace him, and his claws dig into your back but you don’t care.

“I don’t want it to happen either, Karkat,” you whisper back.

“You did it?”

“Dave, Dave—”

“Did you do it, Karkat?”

“Dave..”

“Karkles, answer me. Did you do it?”

His breathing is so loud and your voice is so soft that you aren’t sure that he can even hear you, but his face comes in focus and he’s grabbing your hand with both of his and whispering. You strain your ears to listen.

“--es, I did it, you fucking ass. I did everything you told me to do.”

You can’t fight back a smile. “Everyone? You pushed everyone in the house?”

“Everyone.”

“Terezi?” “Yeah.” “Rose?” “Yes.” “Jade?” “Of course.” “John?” “Yes.”

“That’s great… And explains a lot, too,” you sigh. Your body relaxes and your eyes flutter shut, and that makes him freak out.

“No, Dave Strider, do not fucking fall asleep on me, do not fall asleep—!!!”

You feel warm liquid drip on your face, too thin to be blood, and you open your eyes wearily to meet Karkat’s watery gaze. He’s terrified, his fear streaked over his face, and you reach a shaking hand to his cheek. He grabs your hand and presses the side of his wet face against your palm.

“Hey, now, don’t worry,” you whisper. “I’m made of so much more than that. English's gone, too, isn’t he? You wouldn’t be here, with me, if he weren’t.”

His tears are falling fast, and his eyes drift to your lower abdomen and you know why. You nudge his face, trying to bring his gaze away from there, the area that’s now completely numb to you.

Your breathing’s shallow and the edges of your vision are foggy. You long to sleep, but you can’t, not with his crying face inches from you.

“Hey, Karkles, remember one of our first conversations…? It was with John… You were freaking out over us apparently hitting on Terezi and Vriska…”

He’s staring at you, probably wondering why, out of all things, you were talking about this, but he doesn’t interrupt you and you are thankful.

“We had such a bad start… It wasn’t that great in the meteor either, really… Who would’ve known?”  Your voice fucking cracks, but you are beyond past caring now because not even your cool facade can mask the fact that you just don’t want to die.You don’t want to be another doomed timeline, another Dave to die, and the tears are streaming down your face, your eyes plainly visible from your broken shades. “Who would’ve known we would have gotten so close, ey, Karkat?”

He’s hugging you close, his body hunched over yours, shaking, shaking so hard that you cough and bright red splatters over his already stained sweatshirt. Your time’s limited. You, out of all people, would know that.

“Karkat, you know..”

“No,” he whispers fiercely. “Stop. You’re going to survive.”

“Karkat, just listen—”

“No! You can tell me later, after you heal, just—just stay with me—”

“Karkat,” you whisper, and he finally shuts up. “I love you. You know that, right?”

His shoulders slump in defeat and, for a moment, his tears stop. “I love you too, Dave.”

You smile at him, and he brings you closer to him, almost as if to—-

Your eyes open to whiteness.

“Where am I?” you ask, staring at your clean hands.

“A dreambubble. Where else?” a too familiar voice replies. For a second fear floods you, but you turn your head and no, it’s not him—but a version of him. Your scan his brown outfit.

“We met before?”

He shrugs. “Who knows.” His white eyes look over you. “You’re not from a branched timeline, are you. You’re an alpha.” His eyes narrow. “You’re a Hero of Time. You should know the answer.”

You nod. “Yeah. That’s me. Doomed alpha kid.”

Karkat sighs and rubs at his forehead. “You know, I wondered. Is there ever an end to