the place feels right. You know it isn’t just you, either. On the first day you walk onto campus you spot a slender, fair-haired girl with striking purple eyes. You don’t even consciously register it in your mind as you walk over to her and say, “Rose.”

It’s not nearly as much of a question as it is a statement.

Something about the place, though, feels like you’re getting closer to what you’re looking for.

Days pass in a monotonous cycle, full of classes, food, and sleep, and you decide to explore the campus one day in a momentary burst of spontaneity.

You stumble across a girl with black hair and bright green eyes, and, just as you had when you saw Rose’s bright purple text, you are struck by the overwhelming feel of familiarity.

You see her eyes widen, see the recognition wash over her face as you meet her gaze, and you know, you know that she’s searching, just as Rose does, just as you do.

You know that she’s waiting, too.

You approach her, talk to her, get to know her, and you soon find she knows the dreams, hers filled with a land of frost, a land of frogs. With records, with knitting needles, with blue, with grey skin and candy corn. Filled with knowledge, with space, with the world.

You wonder why she doesn’t seem to have a focus, a main factor that she seems to center upon the most, one that drives her more than all others.

But you know that, in the end, all of your dreams are one and the same, for the wanting, the yearning, the waiting are forever unchanging.

Forging the unbreakable bonds of friendship was inevitable, and just like Rose, Jade Harley soothes the aching wounds of your soul, making it just the bit more bearable to live without something, something nearer and dearer to you than you care to admit.

And though you three never acknowledge it, it is plain that the camaraderie you all share is missing a vital piece.

You know it’s a selfish thought, but can’t help but think that you want, no, you need that missing piece the most.

-

You are twenty-one, and you are flat broke. You get a job DJing for a club, and though you haven’t touched a turntable in years, the sick beats come back to you as though it were yesterday. You feel the music in your veins, the bass thudding in your bones, and you can’t help but move to the rhythm of the music, immersing yourself and closing your eyes.

Your eyes flicker open, and for a moment, you are blinded by the roving club lights. For a moment, everything is bright, too bright, except for a single face out in the crowd, a face with bright blue eyes and dark hair. You blink, furiously trying to become accustomed to the light, and your eyes dart frantically, sweeping over the crowd. A sort of desperation overtakes you, and you don’t notice as your hands stop their fluid movements, making a scratching noise where none should’ve been.

You know those blue eyes, that dark hair. For a moment, everything clicks in your mind, and you know: you’ve seen them every night of your life.

You blink again and what little understanding you had is once again out of your grasp. You glance around once more, but those blue eyes, those shining slivers of sky are gone, and you’re not quite sure if you imagined them or not.

You’re not sure if you were desperate because you saw something there, or if you saw something because you were desperate.

You’re not so much physically exhausted as mentally exhausted when you leave the club at 2 am. You notice some kind of disturbance over on the next block─ police cars, fire trucks, ambulance, the whole nine yards─ but hell if you’re going to check it out now. You’re far too tired and confused about whatever you may or may not have seen tonight at the club.

You’re more than willing to allow the mind-numbing haze of sleep wash over you tonight, dreams or no dreams.

You wake up the next morning, disoriented and groggy. You can’t help but feel that your dreams last night were far more vivid than usual, though, as is the norm, you can’t remember─ no, that’s wrong. You can taste a name on your lips, a name that you’ve never heard before. John Egbert.

You wonder who he is, though you already know who he is to you.

You walk past a newspaper stand as you walk to class and, though you could hardly care less about current events right now, some godforsaken voice inside you compels you to pick up a newspaper. You give the paper a quick run through and are about to toss it away when something catches your eye