He gets to work, so forcefully absorbed in his task that he doesn’t notice Eren’s entrance until he clears his throat.

“Hey,” Eren says. His arms wrap loosely around his torso, like he doesn’t know what else to do with them. “Sorry about earlier, Captain.”

“It’s fine.” There isn’t anything he needed to apologize to Levi for. “Are you all right?”

“Yeah.”

Levi hesitates. Fuck, he’s terrible at this stuff. “...Do you want to talk about it?”

Eren shakes his head, but he crosses to room to sit on the floor next to Levi anyway. “How much of that did you… how much did you figure out?”

“Maureen is interested in you.”

“That’s one way to put it,” Eren frowns down at his knees. “Maureen… she’s nice. Usually. Works hard, positive attitude, gets along with everyone. But she can be… pushy.”

“Pushy,” Levi repeats.

“I’ve known for a while that she wants to… wants me. But I don’t.” He raises his head to look Levi firmly in the eye, as if Levi might contradict him. When Levi doesn’t say anything, he continues, haltingly. “Didn’t want to tell her no outright at first because she can be kind of sensitive. Maybe I led her on-- I don’t know. Wasn’t trying to.

Lately, she’s started to get more insistent. Then, a couple of nights ago, she--” Eren stops, running a hand through his hair. “We were nearly back in the Walls, so people were pretty relaxed. Some drinking when we camped for the night, you know? And she-- it really wasn’t that big of a deal. I just overreacted, that’s not--”

“What happened?” Levi interrupts.

Eren huffs, slouching backwards so that his skull knocks against the wall. “Maureen came and found me. She was pretty drunk, so I tried to get her to go to her tent to sleep it off. I guess she thought-- but anyway. She, uh, kind of jumped me. I wasn’t expecting it and suddenly she was kissing me, her tongue in my mouth.”

Eren makes a face, something between a scowl and regret. “And I just-- I  panicked . Shoved her. She fell over and I ran off.” He pauses, swallowing. “Like I said, it wasn’t really that big of a deal; I just reacted badly. She was drunk, and anyway, she couldn’t have known that I… I don’t do well with that kind of stuff.”

“Whether she knew or not, drunk or not, that was a shitty thing for her to do,” Levi says. Eren won't look at him, so Levi nudges his knee. “Hey, she didn’t have any right to do that, you know? That was shitty of her.”

“I know,” Eren insists. “I just--” He breaks off, flexing his fingers in and out of fists. “I just kind of feel bad about the whole thing because-- it’s not really her fault.” When Levi opens his mouth the protest, Eren rushes to add, “I mean, I’m not threatened by her at all. Maureen’s tough, but she’s nothing like me. And I’m not scared of kissing. She just… she accidentally reminded me of some bad times.”

Levi still thinks Maureen is completely at fault. Maybe Levi doesn't have any right to pass judgement considering all the terrible things he's done. He's still pissed though. 

Eren doesn't seem likely to budge on the issue at the moment, so Levi shelves the matter. Instead, he addresses what he finds far more alarming. “What do you mean bad times?”

Eren becomes still, silent. He doesn't so much as twitch for so long that Levi nearly takes his question back. But eventually, Eren turns towards Levi so that their shoulders brush. “You can’t tell Mikasa or Armin,” he began. His voice was firm and unyielding. “Or anyone else, but especially not them. I never told them and I don’t want them to know about it now either.”

Levi nods. If he's about to hear what he suspects Eren is going to tell him-- and, fuck, he hopes he's wrong-- then he understands Eren's need for secrecy completely. He doesn't just sympathize; he empathizes.

 

Eren sucks in a shaky breath that rattles in his throat. “When Wall Maria fell… me and Mikasa and Armin, we were all too young to enlist in training. Had to wait a couple years. And after Armin’s grandfather-- well, we were pretty much on our own. They’d send us-- all the refugees-- out to the wastelands