she lay down on the cushioned bench they had arranged for this.

She lay flat on her back, her arms above her head, tied together with a red silk robe, binding her to metal hoop at the head of the bench. Silently, he moved around to her feet, spreading her legs wide, binding her ankles under the bench. She looked wonderful, naked and wet and ready for him. For them.

There was a knock on the door, Bull, punctual to the agreed upon time. Hayden looked back at her once more, only opening the door when he saw her nod her assent.

***

The door opened and Hayden let him in, Bull quickly moved, pinning the other Qunari to the other wall, kissing him hard, pressing their bodies together. The kiss was hard and hungry, hands eagerly exploring new bodies. Hayden moaned softly when Bull's large hand took a firm grip of his rapidly hardening cock.

From her position tied to the bench Sarita could see them both. The two men, her husband and Bull, so handsome and strong, kissing one another, hungry. She had worried that she might have felt jealous but instead the sight was...fascinating. When she saw Bull's hand slip between them and heard Hayden's moan she actually whimpered with desire.

Bull nipped softly at Hayden's lip before turning to examine the elvhen woman tied out on display for them. Bull stalked over to her, looking her over, examining every inch of her.

***

Bull would be lying if he said he had not imagined her in such a state, he was a man of considerable appetites and she was a very beautiful woman. Even more so naked like this. Her skin was pale and smooth as cream, her nipples a lovely rose pink, hardened and begging for a mouth on them. He ran his hands over her body under the guise of testing her ropes.

***

It was the first time in years she had been touched like this by someone other than her husband. Instinctively she arched as best she could, her body chasing the warmth of his hand. She looked back towards the doorway where Hayden stood, watching with eyes dark with lust. He licked his lips as he saw Bull slide his hand between her thighs, making her moan and whimper in pleasure.

He gathered the wetness he found there on his thick fingers, holding them up in the light for them all to see. "Aren't you just the most delicious little treat?" He pressed his fingers into his mouth moaning as he licked them clean of her.

Hayden licked his lips, memories of the taste of Sarita in his mouth. Unthinking he lowered his breeches, painfully hard watching Sarita sigh and whimper in pleasure.

Bull's voice was a soft rumble as he looked at Hayden. "What do you think? Do you want to see me bury my face in your pretty wife's tight, wet, cunt?"

"Yes..." Hayden's voice was hoarse with desire. He wanted to see that, wanted to see Bull tasting her and kissing her, making her moan.

At once Bull's tongue was between her thighs, lapping at her, making her gasp as he pushed his tongue firmly against her.

Hayden started palming his erection, stroking himself in time to the lapping and licking noises as Bull buried his face between Sarita's thighs. Her skin flushed so beautifully as she writhed in pleasure, pink along her breasts, her cheekbones, her ears. She watched him even as Bull sucked her clitoris making her yelp in surprise and pleasure. Her green eyes widened in ecstasy as she moaned his name and Bull's name too.

"Hayden..." she whimpered still shuddering with her thighs around Bull's head, licking her lips at the sight of her husband's erection.

He walked over like a man sleepwalking, bending over her and cupping her pert little breasts, rubbing his thumbs in firm circles around the hardened nipples. He gasped as he felt her tongue brush against the head of his cock, groaned as she began licking at him, greedy for him. Bull looked up at him from between Sarita's legs, his eye locked on him, growling with lust against her cunt as Hayden slowly slid his cock into her full and pouting lips.

Her mouth felt so good, so hot and wet around him as she sucked against him, he almost collapsed on top of her she felt so good. She took as much of him as she could, sucking greedily on him, so focused on her task that she did not notice Bull move away at first. Not until she felt his erection teasing her entrance.

Sarita groaned with her lips still wrapped around him and he almost came undone right then. He held still, steadying himself, watching in fascination as Bull slowly slid inside of her, stretching and filling her. Making her shudder and moan, her toes curling in ecstasy as Bull set a brutal pace, fucking her, shaking the whole bench. The vibrations from his movements passing through her and around Hayden.

It was all so much, this amazing combination of their naked