to slowly fade in, just as she requested. “Introducing …the one, the only … Miss Sato!” He turned up the volume to the remix of “Here” by Alessia Cara just as Miss Sato herself stepped on stage. 

The crowd fucking lost it. 

“That’s my girl,” He muttered, smiling to himself as he focused on hitting his musical cues in time with the house lights that Ping and some new guy were in charge of. 

-----

12:08 AM.

“Well, what did you think?” Tahno asked, approaching Zolt and Ginger as they leaned against the railing of the balcony to watch Miss Sato finish her solo. The crowd was going wild for her as she flipped her hair one last time before slipping back stage. 

“Woah.” Zolt said, a lot more sober than he had been before Miss Sato’s performance. “Tahno. That was crazy hot. Smoking hot!” Ginger agreed, hooking her arm through Zolt’s as Tahno joined the pair against the railings. 

“She’s probably the best dancer of the night.” Tahno confessed, watching as the lights dimmed out around the main stage and the cleaning crew moved in. He watched Tarrlok emerge from center stage to help speed the process along. Tahno smiled to himself, he had made a good decision in hiring him; they needed more hard workers that were willing to learn, regardless if they worked in the back of a strip club. 

“Well I’ll say.” Zolt said, standing up to his full height, his joints popping along the way. “Hey doll, could you give us men some privacy?” He asked Ginger, slipping a wad of bills, like the ones he had given Miss Sato, into the waistband of her go-go shorts. Ginger gave Zolt a kiss on his cheek before going over to the couches where Zolt’s bodyguards were. Once she was out of ear shot, Zolt turned to Tahno, completely sober. “Give it to me straight kid. How much is all this costing me? The renovations, the imported alcohol, everything. No bullshit.” 

Tahno licked his lips in thought. “Perhaps we should take this conversation to my office then.”

-----

“Alright kid,” Zolt started, slamming shut Tahno’s door behind him, “How much?”

Tahno walked over to his desk, producing a record book from one of his drawers. “Have a seat,” he gestured to the two chairs in front of his desk as he got comfortable in his own chair. Zolt mumbled something about stalling before sitting.

“So?” He said, an eyebrow raised in frustration. “Come on kid. Give it to me straight –“

Tahno silently slide over the record book, flipping it over to a specific page that held the renovation costs. Zolt frowned as Tahno gestured down towards the book, “Not a thing.” 

Zolt’s frown deepened, adding more lines to his forehead, “Don’t fuck with me, Tahno. Don’t go disrespecting me like that –“ 

Tahno gestured to the record book again. Leaning back in his office chair, he smugly crossed his arms over his chest, “Have a look for yourself then.” He patiently waited, making a big show of inspecting his fingernails. 

Zolt narrowed his eyes before taking a closer look at the record book. Minutes passed by in silence as Zolt’s eyes scanned every column and row once, twice, and three times. He looked up, all traces of frustration gone and replaced with confusion. “How? The numbers say that I don’t owe a thing …” Zolt looked back at the book one last time to make sure he hadn’t over looked or miscalculated anything. It all checked out again – Zolt wasn’t paying a cent.

“Nah,” Zolt shook his head, laughing at how fucked up and fake this all seemed. “Nah man, this is a fucking joke.” He smack the record book down on Tahno’s desk, who didn’t even flinch as he popped his feet up on his desk. “What kind of game is this, Tahno? You doing some back door dealing that I don’t know about, huh? In my own fucking club?” Zolt slammed his fist down against the desk, face flushed and nostrils flared, “Fucking answer me, you pathetic piece of shit!” 

Tahno had the balls to chuckle, stretching his arms over his head as the veins in Zolt’s neck threatened to burst. “No games. Just business.” And as if someone flipped a switch, his demeanor changed – 

Tahno removed his feet from his desk. Leaning forward, he looked at Zolt square in the eye. His superior matched his gaze, still enraged at whatever Tahno was tiptoeing about. “I swear on my life,” Tahno started, completely serious as he spoke, “that I’m doing nothing behind your back.” He gestured to the record book on his desk, “All the money for the club’s renovations, completely legit.”

Zolt nostrils flared, “So where the fuck did the money come from?