would have ever happened. Dad wouldn't have…" he trailed, shaking his head. "He wouldn't have had to kill those kids…"

Frisk sat there silently, unable to say something for the first time in his life.

"And mom wouldn't have left. Why did it all have to go so wrong, Frisk?"

Eventually, Frisk found his voice again. "You can say that again."

Asriel sighed, taking a slice of the pancake and stuffing it down his throat. He took a big bite then swallowed it down. Once it was through, he then said, "Frisk?"

"Yeah?"

"I want to get mom and dad back."

Frisk could see a certain look across Asriel's face. Gone was the melancholy expression and was replaced with a certain burning desire in his eyes. He was very familiar with that look. He knew it all too well. It was the look of someone filled with determination. He smiled. "Me too, Azzy."

"Good, because I feel since this is my fault—"

"It's not your—"

"Since it kind of is," Asriel said, cutting off his brother, "I feel like I should be the one to fix it."

"You don't have to do it alone, you know," Frisk added. "I want them to be happy too."

"Good. I have a feeling I can't do this alone. Besides, as their kids, it's our job to make them happy!" Asriel smiled, very optimistic of the challenge presented to him and his brother. "How hard can it be?"

"Why is this SO HARD?" Asriel groaned. He cupped his face in his palms as he sat in his seat in the cafeteria. Frisk couldn't help but chuckle at his brother's outlook. The young goat glared at him. "What are you laughing at?"

Frisk stopped laughing and turned back to his food. It was lunch time and the two found it to be the perfect chance they can get to start brainstorming on possible ideas to get their parents back together. He sighed. "Sorry…I got nothing."

"Why are adults so confusing, Frisk? Can't they just kiss and make up or something?

"If only it was ever that easy," Frisk added. "If it were, the world will be a far better place."

Asriel practically planted the side of his face on the table and groaned. "This is hopeless. At the rate that we're going, we're not going to come up with anything!"

"Hey Azzy, don't be like that. There's always a way. You just got to stay determined! I'm sure we're going to find something." Frisk scratched his chin. "We're staying over at Dad's tonight, right?" Asriel nodded. "Then maybe we can start there."

"That's better than nothing I suppose."

That was when a voice behind them called their attention. "Um, is this seat taken?"

Asriel and Frisk turned their heads to see a kid of the same age look at them meekly. Black hair and a rounded face that was punctuated with square glasses, it gave Frisk the vibe that this kid was a nerd. And judging from his body language, Frisk's hunch wasn't far off.

"Uh, no," Asriel smiled, gesturing to the seat. "No, it isn't. You can have it."

"Thank you," the young boy meekly replied. He then sat next to Asriel. Frisk could tell he was scared from the way he was leaning away from his brother, but there was a certain look of curiosity in his eyes. "The cafeteria's a bit full today so I couldn't have a table of my own," the young kid added as an afterthought.

Frisk took a glance around and saw that it was. The school they attended had allowed monster kids to be part of the student body, but that didn't mean that everyone was getting along. There was a natural divide as monsters kept to themselves and humans did the same. It was rare to see contact among the different species and it was seemingly kept that way. Frisk was probably the only human in the school that didn't mind who their company was. He meshed well with humans or monsters with the latter seemingly easier to get along with for obvious reasons. If there was ever any tension between monsters and humans, the school was very good at keeping it on the down low, or pretty much nonexistent, miraculous as that may seem. The fact that the Human Monster Ambassador studied there, may have helped in making it possible, and the Monster Queen as one of the teachers, as well as the Monster Prince as well.

"Hey, it's okay," Asriel happily started talking, "it happens. You're the new kid that arrived right, along with the other bunch? I'm sorry, I didn't get your name