. "I wanted you andro before I ever wanted you."

"Covet versus desire," Steve was verifying. "You want me to identify as male, but I'm not sure why."

“I don't know," Bucky admitted. "I just always figured you for a fella, that's all. I think this suits. Do you like it?"

"It's different," Steve said, because he hadn't had a chance to really try it out yet. "I feel like I might be physically stronger? What's my capacity?"

Bucky shrugged. "You can run fast, fight, lift things, swim. I had Stark's fabrication facility skin a soldier with a sex interface."

"Make me a tank," Steve said, leaning down and brushing his lips against Bucky's in something that wasn't quite firm or sure enough to be a kiss. "Thanks, Buck."

"I remember you used to get upset when you couldn't back me up in a fight or run bullies off when they picked on girls or service bots. Figured I'd give you the capacity to handle yourself." He offered a lopsided smile. "Might have made you too tall, though."

"You used to be smaller than me," Steve reminded him.  "When you first got me."

"I know, but I've been bigger since eighth grade," Bucky grumbled. "You were so small and delicate. Your hands should be even steadier and more precise now, and the joints shouldn't stiffen up on you anymore."

"You thought of everything," Steve said, his eyes swirling again as his mouth twitched, and it wasn't a smile, it was a smirk. The delicacy of the subtle expression made Bucky's heart flutter.

"Shit," he sighed. "You're everything I wanted, anyway."

Steve kissed him, for real that time, his mouth was warm and wet and tasted faintly of peppermint, and Bucky loved peppermint, it was his favorite candy, that was why he'd had it added to the lubricant, at least for Steve's mouth. "I gotta wonder," he muttered aloud. "What that mint's gonna feel like on my dick."

"Chilly, I'd bet," Steve said, then blinked when Bucky sucked on his lower lip. "Mm. You always kiss like that, Buck?"

"No," he said. "I'm savoring you."

"Oh." Steve smirked and swirled his eyes again, and Bucky slid hands down from his waist to cup over Steve's ass.

"I wanna fuck you," he said, low and soft and with a flush to his cheeks that he could feel and hadn't expected. "Get around to you fuckin' me later, but I want this. I used to want to jerk off on you, when you were little, but I didn't want to set off your protocols and make you turn me down."

"I wouldn't have liked that," Steve said, moving forward a little when Bucky shifted his hips, so he could push up against him. "I'd have been disappointed in you."

"I know," Bucky sighed, because Steve was pressed tight against him, almost pushing him backward, his cock against Bucky’s stomach, his ass warm and firm against Bucky’s dick. Bucky wanted them both naked, but it was their first roll around together and he'd thought about it for so long, he wanted it to last. "I did it in the shower, so you wouldn't figure it out."

Steve hummed thoughtfully, squirming his ass down into Bucky's hips again, caressing his shoulders, the back of his neck. "It's interesting, seeing in color," he noted. "Your skin, your eyes, your hair. You look completely different. If I didn't know it'd be unnerving, I'd just stare at you for days."

"Look as much as you want," Bucky said, grinning. "Try to put an affectionate expression on your face sometimes and I'll even like it."

Steve chuckled softly, following the motions of Bucky's hands and sliding out of his lap.

"Take off your clothes," Bucky said, pulling his own shirt off over his head. "Don't worry about going slow or trying to be sexy, just get naked like I'm going to take you swimming or give you a bath."

Steve made a quiet noise of understanding, tugging his shirt off and tossing it on top of the growing pile of Bucky's clothes on the floor, then did the same with his pants and underwear, which made Bucky laugh.

"There you go," he said, stepping over the clothes and running his hand up Steve's ribs to rest his palm over Steve's left nipple, tilting his head up. "Kiss me again. Tongue, lots of it. Try to taste my whole mouth."

It wasn