. I recalled the Carthaginian legend of the covetous king, who wished for gold and killed all living things with his touch.

“Why would one ever want to create something so volatile?” I asked. “I can see its interest for a scientist, but the Generality…” I stopped, as my thoughts caught up with me.

“The Generality,” Benjamin Cole said, with a lifetime of disgust in his voice, “would use it in their war against New Carthage.”

“To make gold? They could refill all the Treasury—”

“Do get your mind away from gold! Gold is the stuff of stories because it is bright and glitters; it is the stuff of science because it has useful alchemical properties. But its only use for currency is in its scarcity. You seem to have a head for figures, Miss Bannister, so just consider what the effect would be of an infusion of so much gold into the marketplace.”

“It would lose its value.”

“Precisely. Perhaps a few hundred years ago, they might have been blind enough to do it. But now, after the thousands ruined in the colonial market crashes… No, it is far worse than that. I imagine they wish to use it as a weapon.”

“As a poison?” I thought quickly, trying to keep up with his conjectures. “You think Charles was deliberately poisoned?”

“I do not know.” It wasn’t an admission he enjoyed making. “If so, it would likely have been my own life they aimed at, for I am the only other person to know of Mortimer’s research. If not, then we have to consider how much of the fish being sold at the Dockside markets contains traces of the Tincture. It would be an epidemic in truth.”

I shuddered. The icy sea wind brought tears to my eyes and whipped loose strands of hair about my face. “What about the others? The other deaths?”

“They were all connected to the Generality in some way. Lady Elridge is a General’s wife, Colonel Warner a prominent junior member.”

“And Featherstonehaugh?”

“If you think that rich merchant-bankers are not intimately connected with the Generality,” he said, “then you are even more innocent in the ways of this city than I thought.”

“All right, so they might all have discovered something about the experiments. And that is why they were killed?”

“We may never know for certain,” Cole said, “but my current feeling is that those deaths were accidents. Anyone presented with the legendary Philosopher’s Stone would be eager to take home a portion; not being alchemists, they might be careless about its handling. It is a shame we never saw the lady’s body – I believe she might have been buried with an unusual red jewel, a recent present from her husband.” He leaned back from the railing, exhaling. “I am used to talking things over like this with Charles. But we are losing time.”

I felt obscurely complimented, though I had done no more than ask him questions: anyone might have managed as much. “What is it you plan to do?”

He pointed out toward the Navy Yard. “They must be manufacturing the Tincture there, for it to have contaminated the sea water. We will go there and attempt to collect a sample, which should aid me in arriving at an antidote.”

He spoke so casually that for a moment I did not understand what he was talking about: sneaking into the Generality’s Arsenal and stealing a portion of what had to be their most valuable and zealously-guarded possession. In lieu of telling him that he was mad, however, I said, “If you know so much about its workings, surely that ought to be enough to counteract it?”

“Everything I know,” Benjamin Cole replied, “everything that I have told you – it is pure theory. I may say that it is red, that it is a powder, that it is transformative…but I know nothing. The creation of the Tincture is utterly unprecedented in the history of the world.”

“And you wish to see it,” I realised. The watchlights blinked scarlet from the tops of the Arsenal towers, reflected in the dark depths of the sea.

“I am an alchemist,” he answered. “Of course I wish to see it, more than I wish to draw breath. But, Miss Bannister...you must know that it is not my continued breathing which is currently in question.”

The black water slapped gently against the bricks near the entrance to the Arsenal, tamed within its canals. I was grateful for our dark clothes and the lack of moonlight, which might help us to avoid being spotted from the towers above, but I did not have much faith. I had known as soon as Cole told me where we were headed that we should probably never return again. Yet I did not blame him for not warning me earlier – with Charles in danger, I should certainly have gone regardless.

Cole leaned in close to speak into my ear. “There are sentries posted here, and the building we