, absolutely horrible philosophy about the predatory methods of creeps who snuck into their nephew's bedrooms at night. But now that Roy had brought it up, the fear wouldn't leave Wally's mind.

But on the other hand, once Robin came around, they'd have to have a discussion, and that was the last thing Wally wanted to do.

When they arrived at the manor, Batman briefly introduced Wally to Alfred Pennyworth, who seemed incredibly uptight and severe, right up until the moment that he offered Wally food. Since the flight to Gotham had been just long enough for Wally's metabolism to catch up and take care of the overly stuffed feeling, Wally snacked happily accepted the offered strawberry pie.

He tried not to notice, or care, about the way Batman pulled Alfred into the other room to "discuss security protocols." Because, really, Wally might not have been the world's greatest detective but he wasn't stupid. He knew that somewhere in that discussion had to be "oh, by the way, The Flash has been doing Uncle Bad Touch on a nightly basis since last Wednesday."

Wally supposed it was necessary, and he supposed a lot of people were going to be informed before it was all over. But it didn't make having his shame spread around so freely any easier, just because Wally knew that it was necessary.

Before he left, Batman came back into the kitchen to address Wally. "I need to gather evidence," he informed Wally.

Wally paused in eating long enough to ask, "You aren't going to leave that to the police?"

Batman paused, and really, Wally wondered if he really wore the cowl 24-7. Because he hadn't taken it off so much as once since they'd arrived.

"I'm not sure we can trust the Central City police to handle this investigation," he said finally. "As The Flash, your uncle is greatly beloved and makes the jobs of the police in the city much easier, and I'm not sure they would be any less likely to be unbiased with the case than the police in Metropolis would be for Superman. In his civilian identity, Barry Allen is part of the city's law enforcement, which makes the probability of bias even more likely."

"You don't think they'd believe me?" Wally asked, and oh, there was that dry mouth deal again. He rather desperately wished that his body would quit making up symptoms based entirely on his level of discomfort at any given moment.

Batman's answer was slower, and more deliberate than it should have been. "Based on the interactions I have had with the Gotham PD, I think it is safer to assume that they would not. While it is entirely possible that the police in Central City are not as prone to corruption as the ones in Gotham, I would rather not leave that to chance."

Wally nodded, and watched him go, before returning to his pie. He finished it and his glass of milk and went to wash it in the sink, at just the time that Alfred came back into the kitchen.

"You do realize that's part of my job, don't you, Master Wally?"

"Oh, yeah, I guess it is. Sorry. I'm - uh, not really used to having a butler."

"It's quite alright. I imagine your mind has greater concerns at the moment."

"Yeah, I guess you could say I'm definitely turbed."

Alfred raised an eyebrow in the very best impersonation of a Vulcan that Wally had ever seen. "Indeed, Master Wally, I could say that, but I'm afraid I shall have to resist the urge to abuse the English language in such a way," he answered. "I have been informed that you have had quite a long day. Perhaps I can show you to the guest quarters?"

Despite the fact that Wally's stomach wanted to immediately reject the pie, along with half the rest of the food he'd eaten that day, at the idea of going to bed, Wally really was tired. It was well into Saturday morning, and he'd been running across the country for the majority of the previous day.

"That's probably a good idea," Wally agreed, and he followed Alfred up the stairs, despite the unease he couldn't quite shake.

The "guest quarters," as it turned out, had their own bathroom, complete with a shower that was larger than Wally's bedroom back home. In fact, Wally was pretty sure that the bathroom cost more than his parents' entire house.

The bedroom itself just looked old, and if Wally didn't know better, it would have been hard for him to imagine that someone like Dick lived in a house with rooms like this. It was so formal and harsh looking.

"The pajamas were a gift from a fashion designer 'friend' of Master Bruce, originally intended for Master Dick," Alfred informed him. "They were too large for Master