two squabbled constantly when they cooked, but they agreed readily on tall glasses of amber-colored lagers and pigs' feet for appetizers.

Reyes' cooking was popular with Mei. When he cooked with her, he cracked a rare smile after tasting her braised oxtail stew, and her Chongqing-style catfish, tongue-tingling with ginger, was a hit with Lena and Lúcio both. Mei's personal favorite was Sichuan-style beef heart, cut into thick, juicy slices and cooked with shallots, sesame, peppercorns and red cabbage, slabs of smooth meat thick and just enough chewy, like McCree's steaks. All of Mei's dishes were piping hot, usually served too hot to eat for several minutes; she filled the kitchen with steam, rarely cooked with more than a tank top on, and was constantly dripping sweat and wiping her fogging glasses.

Hana and Mei were both crazy for zhajiang-mein. They spent their cooking shifts usually experimenting to get the soybean paste to the perfect saltiness before adding broth, although the duo usually settled on something more simple for the rest of the crew, like egg noodles with hot peanut butter sauce, or chao fan stir fry with seitan, scallions, peas and sprouts, sometimes with kimchi, sometimes not. Hana was used to eating quick little meals, but snacking during her daily streams usually couldn't quell her appetite for bulgogi with soft, rubbery mushrooms, or bibimbap topped off with cucumbers, fried egg, sprouts, and sour gochujang. 

Zarya and Mei both loved oxtail, although Mei, along with everybody except Lena, thought aspic was an absolute crime against food in general, bringing a moratorium against it in the kitchen. Nevertheless, Zarya made wonderful soups and stews: schav with sorrel leaves, spinach and chard, ukha with perch and bream, with softened potatoes and egg yolk, and okroshka, brimming with cucumber, onions, radish, and sausage, served cold as the winter air for lunches. Her piroshki were savory and dense, heaped alongside a pile of cottage cheese and stuffed with mushrooms and rice.

Hanzo was the more stuffy and traditional of the Shimada kids—he fussed over the way in which Hana prepped her miso for soups and glared at Genji when when he grazed the sashimi off the counter during cooking. Hanzo, for all of his culinary talk, was a fairly competent sushi chef and insisted on serving it, although he complained about much of the quality of his work. His personal favorites were skipjack tuna with its strong flavor, octopus for its soft rubbery quality, and sea urchin for its custard-like consistency, delicately pressed and bound into pats of white rice. Nevertheless, he had a curious predilection for mochi ice cream and Castella cake, eating his desserts first with second and third cups of sweet gyokuro tea, giving off billowing curtains of fragrant steam in the Overwatch mess hall. McCree took to teasing Hanzo for his childlike love of sweets, producing nothing but indignation and embarrassment for the latter.

Genji couldn't eat a lot, due to the fact that his stomach was about half the size of normal, and heavy foods normally put a strain on the cybernetic sections of his digestive tract. For nourishment itself, he prepared a thin protein paste, made from mostly silken tofu, that he consumed four to five times a day, as per Dr. Ziegler's orders, but occasionally he indulged in yakiniku, charcoal-grilled beef intestine with onion and mushroom, and scallop tempura, battered in soft wheat cake flour. Genji and Hanzo normally cooked together, and between the dense smells of sliced fish and fresh rice and the loud popping of the tempura oil, the two of them found a common respite; and whilst Hanzo scoffed at Genji's preparing of tonkatsu in the same kitchen just across the aisle from Hanzo's meticulously-cut eel sashimi, Hana scarfed her tonkatsu down and went back to her quarters covered in breadcrumbs.

Reinhardt was exempted from regular dinner and lunch shifts, although he contributed more than his fair share. Reinhardt was fond of barley blutwurst, consuming a herculean amount every week. He made sauerkraut with juniper to go along with braised pork, and had a special secret recipe for vinegar-softened venison. He made rows of golden-brown rolls and loaves of sourdough, wheat, pumpernickel to go with jams of all flavors and varieties; gooseberry, cranberry, grape, strawberry, apricot, and marmalade. The smell of baking bread would flood every section of Central Control's lower floors, and Reinhardt's booming voice would precede him like a herald's trumpet before his person, festooned in his favorite gray apron and pouring sweat, sashaying into the mess hall with a sheet full of breads and a pot of fresh coffee.

76 could cook, but barely, normally grilling hot dogs, hamburgers, and mushrooms for his cook shifts outside Overwatch Central Control on sunny days, but every once in a while he got into the habit of cooking a big breakfast for the crew, early in the morning before any of them were up. His flapjacks were amazing in all forms, served in threes and fours with a pat of butter and a jug