what to expect with zayn. 

so the night that zayn rolls louis over and returns the favour confuses him. 

it doesn’t stop him from fucking up into the tight heat of zayn’s mouth and coming with his name on his lips. 

when he leaves, it’s with confusion as well. 

--

the first night that louis lets zayn fuck him, it’s when he’s desperate for the powder that he’s become so accustomed to. 

zayn spreads him with slow, careful fingers, pressing soft kisses to louis’ neck. 

when he pushes in, he slows his thrusts until louis is fully relaxed, and even then keeps it sweet. 

it’s almost like he cares for louis. 

but louis only cares for what zayn supplies him with. 

--

louis wakes up next to zayn, his stash refilled on the bedside table beside him. 

he slips out quietly, covering himself with one of zayn’s hoodies that were too big on him. 

all it cost him was his dignity.

--

louis’ hands are holding the headboard tightly, zayn’s body covering his as he thrusts into him with an insatiable hunger, louis in nothing but the hoodie he’d ‘borrowed’ from zayn the last time. 

“love you in my clothes, lou, fuck,” zayn muttered into his ear, his hands digging bruises into louis’ hips. 

when louis comes, it’s moaning zayn’s name without any thought to the real reason he was letting zayn use him in the first place. 

--

an unknown number calls him the next day, and louis picks up just as the high has gotten to his head. 

“lou, it’s zayn.” 

“zayn?” 

“yeah, I was wondering if you’d want to come over. I’ve got some new pot from this new dealer and I thought we could try together.” 

louis smiles sadly. “I don’t know if I should.” 

“no, come on, it’s meant to be really good.” 

“I-” louis pauses, sighing and nodding into thin air. “I’ll be over in ten.” 

that night, zayn shows louis how to shotgun, and then fucks him into oblivion on the couch, louis’ hands scrambling for purchase as zayn hit that spot inside of him. 

--

“louis, want to catch a movie with me?” zayn asks on a monday night, just before louis is going to take a hit. 

“I can’t afford it,” louis admits, embarrassed of that fact for the first time since moving into the new flat. he needed to be high for this.

“no, no, I’ll pay for you.” 

“I don’t have anything to wear.” 

“I have clothes you can wear. c’mon, lou, I want to hang out with you.” 

“I- okay.” louis finds himself walking to zayn’s place, not once thinking that he hadn’t taken that hit he’d been so desperate for.

zayn gives him a pair of pyjama pants and a dumb shirt that hangs mid-way down louis’ thighs. 

at the pictures, zayn holds louis’ hand and buys him the biggest popcorn size the cinema has to offer. he grins at louis and listens to all his stories of home.

for the first time in months, louis is smiling and meaning it.

--

“louis,” zayn says, hand intertwined with louis’. “does this mean something to you?” 

“does what?” 

“us, this. this thing.”

louis gaped, looking down at their hands, and up to zayn’s eyes. “I thought it was just- for the coke.” 

he sees zayn’s face fall, and when it does he instantly wants to take it back. 

“yeah... yeah, I was just making sure.” 

but zayn’s not fooling anyone, and louis has never felt worse.

--

louis is awoken by a banging on the door. he rolls out of the mattress he has sitting in the corner of his room and opens to see zayn. 

“we need to talk.” 

louis nods, biting his lip as he looks around his flat, a table made of empty boxes of pizza, and small objects placed randomly around the floor. he takes a seat on his mattress.

“you. this is where you live?” 

louis nods again, blushing softly. 

“shit, you should have. you could have stayed with me.” 

“it doesn’t bother me that much, don’t worry. what did you want to talk about?” 

zayn takes a deep breath, sitting beside louis on the mattress. “look. this thing with us. I really like you lou.” 

and that’s what louis had been afraid of.

“I want to be with you, to wake up and have you beside me. I want to see you in my clothes all the time. I want you.” 

louis shrugs, playing coy, “you have me, z.” 

zayn laughs, almost manically as he tugs at his hair, mussing the styled quiff