, and Kathy was laughing and whatever it was wrong that'd smoldered in her innards and her heart and her brains was finally going off like firecrackers, her laugh spilling like broken whiskey bottles.

"Leon, baby, do me a favor?" Kathy said. "Shut the goddamned hell up."

She emptied the barrel into his body and she didn't look away once. His blood matched her lipstick, his eyes glazed with unshed tears. He looked more human to her dead than he'd ever looked so alive. But she couldn't let that get to her now, could she? She pressed a kiss against his cheek - nobody else in this town wore paint that color - and left her old life behind.

Which was to say that Chambers caught up with her down by the railroad tracks, sundown again, when he came roaring across the barren wheat field in his uncannily shiny LaSalle. She wasn't afraid. He whistled like a wolf, a true wolf, so different from any boy in town.

He told her -

"Was biding my time till the tastiest moment to do him myself and I sure am glad I waited. Got to watch the whole show through the window, and darlin,' you were better than any picture"

"What kind of man are you?" she asked him, marveling. It was sundown again and his warm wolf grin was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen.

"Honey," he said, "there ain't no other kind like me."

When he opened his vein for her it was like he opened a map to every road in America. Gave her the key, unlocked the secret that America's roads were more than just grit and gravel, steaming asphalt and blowing dust. They were a web knitting the vast sprawl together, a symbol of hope and prosperity and home. There were no American stories that did not begin or end with roads. On the road, she would be her own story now.

She drove away in the LaSalle.

o

From that moment by the rails he'd always told her that she wasn't made, she was created by her own two hands.

Wasn't that true about all monsters, though?

o

The storm broke and the sky was silvery bright as moonshine, and just as sharp as moonshine of the other kind; it was not a sky you could drift up away in. It wouldn't snow today, the clouds were now too thin for that, at least at this latitude, but there was hoarfrost on her Mustang that morning, and on the scrubby bushes someone had planted next to the parking lot in a sad attempt at making it look like something other than a smear of gravel and shattered bottles over which the motel sign drunkenly blinked.

She had moved out of the farmhouse because she suddenly couldn't stomach the memories anymore. Even though those memories were lies; even though she had never lived there, never lost anything there except another scrap of her tattered pride. But it was close enough. The next worst thing.

She was on her way out of town, no question about that; it was past time to get the fuck out of Dodge - but she still had remnants of the blood Winchester'd spilled and the bodies she'd burned smudged under her skin and there was no way she was leaving sober. So she'd had to head back into town, this godforsaken isolated valley town, too far to any other. Check into the motel, meaning to shower, get a bite to eat. Instead she laid on the bed looking for familiar faces in the ceiling's watermarks and did neither of those things.

It was morning and all the bars were closed and while there were always panhandlers on the streets obscenely easy for the picking the stench of them churned her stomach and so she had to stop for coffee, just to keep herself occupied.

So she was in this diner, a diner like any other; the linoleum was dirty, smudged by slushy footprints, and the vinyl seats were patched with duct tape, but the silverware glinted, reflecting yellow light, and she blinked and that was where she found him. It was a pity, because the diner was a refuge from that seeping morning chill and the waitress hadn't given her any weird looks such as might tempt her into snapping the woman's neck, even though she hadn't showered for the past thirty-six hours and she was pretty sure she looked like it, her cloying perfume only accenting her body odor. She almost pretended she hadn't seen him, to buy herself some time, but then he looked up from under that stupid goddamn spaghetti-western hat and made eye contact and her clever plan was shot to hell. He got up from his booth in the corner, sauntered over to her like a gunslinger, grubby and unshaven, rough in dirty jeans. Posturing even when there was barely a soul around to appreciate it. All for show, not that, she had to admit, she was in a position to judge.

He slid onto the bench across from