lips against the tip of my nose.  “Goodnight Kathryn.”

Just before she reaches the door she turns around and gives me a lopsided grin.  Then the door opens and closes and she’s gone, leaving a wake of excitement in my heart.  

~

“Delta Flyer to Voyager.”

Her voice is brisk and pleasant.  I catch myself smiling.  “Go ahead Lieutenant.”

“Captain, we found large deposits of dilithium on the second planet of this system.  We’ll be landing the Flyer to collect what we need.”

Business as usual.  I can’t help but wonder if a little bit of her mind is occupied with what will happen when she comes back.  My mind certainly is.  “Acknowledged Delta Flyer.  Don’t be too long!”  

Next to me Chakotay sends me an assessing look, then shrugs.  It seems the impatience in my voice was obvious.  Ah, who cares.  I feel like I can take on the whole Delta Quadrant.  

B’Elanna is positively grinning as she replies.  “Don’t worry Captain, we’ll be back before you know it!”  

I have the decency to blush a little.  

~

Voyager rocks a little and my head snaps up in alarm.  Throwing my PADD on my desk, I stalk out of the Ready Room and onto the Bridge.“Report!”

“We’ve been thrown off course.”  Tom Paris informs me.  My head snaps to OPS.  “Cause?”  

The ensign replacing Harry Kim is furiously tapping her panel.  “Some kind of spatial eddies, Captain.”  She replies.  “I can’t locate their source.”  

With a curt nod I acknowledge her answer and fire my next question.  “The Flyer?”  

Her head swings to the right and stops in mid shake as if she doesn’t want to finish it.  She looks up.  “No sign of them Ma’am.”  

“Voyager to Delta Flyer.”

Nothing.

“B’Elanna, Harry, respond!”

In command mode I don’t even notice the flutter of my stomach.  “Tom set a course for the last known coordinates of the Flyer.”  I tap my combadge.  “Janeway to Astrometrics.  Seven?  Scan for signs of the Delta Flyer on the planet.”  

“Yes Captain.”  Comes the solemn reply.  “But the eddies will have thrown the Flyer considerably off course.  It’s possible they had to land somewhere else.  It will take some time to conduct a complete sensor sweep.”  

I nod to the ensign at OPS.  “Assist her from here and let me know when you find something.”  

~

It’s now been ten days without any sign.  You could be injured or dying.  You could be dead already.  I will myself not to think about that.  But it’s hard.  

The door chime sounds.  

“Come in.”  My voice sounds raspy.  

Chakotay steps inside the Ready Room, holding a PADD.  His face looks gloom as he makes his way towards me.  

“If that was good news, you’d be smiling.”  I creak.  

“I was just contacted by an alien transport vessel.”  He hands me the PADD.  “They picked up the Delta Flyer’s distress call.”

I interface it with my computer and it shows a grainy, flickering image of my B’Elanna calling for assistance while trying to keep her ship in one piece.  Her voice is laced with static.  ‘The primary controls are offline.  I’ve ordered Harry to eject.  I still have thrusters.  I’m setting a course for an L class planet.  I’ll try to maintain contact.’

I keep staring at the screen as Chakotay starts talking.  “They couldn’t get a fix on her position.  That was ten days ago.”

“B’Elanna ordered Harry into an escape pod.”  I say, turning to Chakotay.  “What’s the longest he could survive?”

He looks down briefly.  “Less than ten days.”  

“An L class planet.”  I state abjectly.  

Chakotay nods.  “I’ve already narrowed the search parameters.”  

A spec of hope flares up inside me.  “If B’Elanna made it there, it’s possible Harry did, too.”  

The look on his face shows that reality might be a little grimmer.  

I close my eyes and nod in acknowledgement.  “Good night, Commander.”  

“Captain.”  He turns around and leaves.  

I turn back to the screen that still holds a marbled version of the face of the woman I love.  Desperation strengthens its grip on me as a sob escapes my throat.  Why you?  

~

Again, sleep doesn’t come easy to me.  I can barely keep my eyes open, but when I close them it’s even worse.  Warped visions of you, combined with restless tossing and turning.  I hear you scream my name in a whisper.  Your hands are burning on my cheeks.  

And then I see you floating in the distance and stretch out to grab hold of you.  But my arms are too short.  “Come back to me.”  There’s no reply.  

The chirp of a combadge works