“Stop flirting and finish the grubcorn,” says Karkat.

“I don’t know how,” you call back. Terezi snatches the gruesome box from you and rips open the top. She does something strange and complicated with one of the packages inside and it puffs up. One solid punch to the microwave apparatus and the door swings free. Delicately, Terezi deposits the grubcorn and closes the door; it immediately begins to hum.

“Punch it when the popping stops,” she instructs, and, with a light clap on the shoulder, she pushes past you into the living room.

You know you shouldn’t be listening to conversations that don’t concern you, but you can’t help but eavesdrop a little as the grubcorn pops.

“So, Krabcake, is this your human?” Terezi says.

“He’s not mine,” Karkat growls back. You can almost hear his blush, it’s too cute. “Your ex kismesis tried to brain me this morning though, if you care.”

Terezi sighs. “Change of topic overruled on the grounds that Vriska is a convicted felon and Tavros is in the hospital. He’s fine, though, if you cared. Now, tell me, is your human matesptrit here to soothe that nubby head of yours? Since it was nearly brained, I’m told.”

There’s a brief scuffle where Karkat hisses, “he’s not my matesprit,” and Terezi does an awful lot of cackling.

The grubcorn finishes popping. You do as instructed, and bring a bowl full of leathery popcorn-looking substances to the living room. The movie is in the throes of bug man anger.

“Don’t hurt yourself,” you instruct, handing the bowl to Karkat and sitting next to him. On his other side, Terezi is curled up and sniffing the screen from about a foot away.

“What’s happening now?” Terezi asks, right as you’re about to excuse yourself and go home. She’s staring at you like she knows what you’re thinking even though you know she can’t see, and, slow and deliberate, she winks. You feel your grin come back full force. You and Karkat take turns narrating the on-screen action, which turns out to be more hilarious than just watching.

After it’s over, you get looped into another movie, and then actual delivery pizza where no one pays with anything other than cash. You and Terezi make quite the team, a fact Karkat laments loudly, only shutting up when you kiss him quiet. Terezi applauds from the kitchen.

“I really should leave,” you say, after the pizza has been devoured. Terezi makes a sad noise and Karkat frowns even deeper.

“You don’t have to go,” he says, but you shrug guiltily.

“I actually have work tonight,” you admit. “Gotta bring home the bacon and everything, I’m a vital part of this economy.”  He rolls his eyes.

“Whatever, make sure you actually call me this time,” he says, turning a little pink.

“Will do,” you promise, as you open the door. You stand outside for about three seconds before you dash back in.

“-keep this one,” Terezi is saying, then stops when you enter.

“Forgot my shades,” you say, fighting hard to keep a smile down.

“Oh my god,” Karkat says, and bangs his head on the kitchen table. You grin all the way home.

Thanks again for reading, yall are amazing <3 (if you see a typo, please call the emergency hotline or leave a comment)

uh, some violence in this chapter (someone ends up with a couple broken ribs and a concussion)also, special thanks to Manyblinkinglights for editing (betaing?) They are the raddest person, it's themThanks again for reading c:

“So,” says Terezi, the moment Dave is out the door, “are you going to keep this one-,” and of fucking course Dave barges back in, having forgotten his shades; you hate your life.

“Oh my god.” You let your face and the table have a reunion of body and soul. Dave laughs at you as he leaves a second time.

“Why do you care about the state of my quadrants? You and Sollux both, I fucking swear.”

“It’s obviously an attempt to distance myself from my own problems; also, the face you make when you’re embarrassed is cute.” She pauses, and then shoots you a wicked grin. “Sollux and I agree it is a very cute face, which is why Mr. Appleberry Blast now has a key to our front door!”

You groan. “You are the devil incarnate and also I hate you.”

“Hush, he is protection in case Vriska comes calling again.”

“Protection?”

Terezi’s smile turns bitter. “For her. I’m not sure what I’ll do if she tries any more shit, and while I find the justice system fascinating, I prefer it from outside a cell.”