entirety of the large room.

People were chatting and laughing and Ezra was suddenly alarmingly aware of his inability to communicate with people of his own social class, let alone these people who could probably spot from across the room that his tux wasn't even a fourth of the price of their own clothes.

"Are we sure we should-" He started but was cut off by a small gasp from Dean.

"Is that Ben Affleck?" Dean asked excitedly.

"Where did you get these invitations again?" Sam responded in shock. Ezra tried to see where the brothers were looking but, being the shortest, couldn't. Instead he just sighed and let go of Nikki in favor of backing up until he came to a wall and he leaned against it.

"What I'd give to sit in the motel and draw." Ezra grumbled and looked around again. He could see Sam and Nikki saying something to each other before dispersing.

Ezra took a deep breath, though it wasn't hardly satisfying in the suffocating environment. He needed to do the same, if Nikki could than so could he. 

The more he looked around, the more impressed he was with Dean. This was inane, with so many actors and actresses among the happy guests and Ezra was beginning to regret his doubt that Leo DiCaprio would be here.

So out he went and for awhile, he did fairly well. 

*     *     *     *     *

Dean looked around, as if suddenly realizing that it had been at least a half hour since he'd seen Ezra. Sure, Sam was off dancing and mingling and investigating and Nikki was, despite looking a tad uncomfortable, doing the same to gather information. Good for her.

But where was Ezra?

Dean made his way through the thick crowd and looked in each corner of the room, a small drop of suspicion and worry falling in his stomach. He swallowed nervously and was able to ask Nikki briefly before her current dance partner swept her away. 

Nikki had bit her lip and motioned to the door on the far side of the room.

Dean nodded to her as she disappeared into the mass of people and made his way to the wall. He moved along it with slight difficulty, fingers grazing lightly over the wallpaper behind his back until he reached the door and escaped the clinking and chatter.

The door led to a hallway which was fairly empty. To the right led to what seemed to be deeper into the mansion, blocked by a few security guards, and to the left led to another door which was propped open with a chair. It opened onto a balcony and leaning against the white stone rail was, sure enough, Ezra.

"Hey kid, what're you doing out here," Dean asked but received no reply. He tilted his head in confusion and stepped forward, reaching out to touch Ezra's shoulder.

Ezra spun around so fast Dean thought he might get whiplash, eyes wide and he yanked something out of his ears. Headphones.

"Mother of shit Dean, you scared the living freaking daylights out of me." Ezra was breathing hard and punched Dean hard in the shoulder. 

Dean just snickered and rubbed his arm. "Well how could I not? You make it so easy." 

Ezra glared at him before putting an earbud back in and looking out at the pond that the balcony overlooked. Dean joined him, listening to the crickets for a moment before glancing over.

"Seriously though, what are you doing out here?" Dean asked, "you're kinda being useless." Though he meant it as a joke.

Ezra took a deep breath, the cold air just barely stinging his nose with the sudden intake. "Yeah, sorry. I know. I just-" He couldn't bring himself to look up. "Big crowds freak me out sort of. I can't handle 'em for very long before I need to get away," he said quickly and Dean noticed how his breath had calmed down since Dean had made him jump, but was still a bit faster than usual.

"What, like, anxiety?" Dean asked. Sam had told him about that. Ezra didn't talk about that type of stuff with Dean, but he seemed to with the younger Winchester. There was a trust there, so Sam never explicitly told Dean what Ezra said but he hinted. He gave Dean tips to help Ezra a bit and it was definitely appreciated.

"Yeah, pretty much exactly like that." Ezra stood and finally turned to Dean with a smile. "Come on, let's go in. We have work to do," he said.

"What are you listening to?" Dean ignored Ezra's statement.

"What? Oh nothing, you wouldn't like it anyways. Just calms me down." He made a move to hide the headphones in his pocket but Dean stopped him, gently grabbing his hand. 

"Let me hear." 

Ezra looked down at their hands in mild shock, then turned a blue-green gaze up to Dean's. He felt his face heat up and he cleared his throat. "Uh, yeah