then interesting… then really good. Like, really good.Now, I’d ruined it. Potentially, taking the friendship down with it and all because I can’t control my mouth. Stupid pride.

Around 3am, curiosity had got the better of me and I’d edged open the bedroom door, it was difficult to tell but I was pretty sure I could see him laying on the sofa. His presence was confirmed by what I thought sounded like a little sniffling, more than likely just a snore.Eventually, I gave up on sleep and decided to shower, dress and pack the few things I’d used over the night. That all lasted around an hour and there was nothing left to do but wait for the rest of the team to be ready to head home, and torture myself over what I’d done to Spencer. 

Half an hour passed and I heard the sound of the front door open and close, followed by distant voices outside. Knowing that Spencer had now left the cabin, I left my hiding place in the bedroom and ran to the kitchen for some breakfast. I was starving. 

I managed to make myself some toast and a glass of orange juice before I heard the sounds of   car doors and the loading of bags into trunks. Time to face the music.

A deep breath in and I stepped outside, the team greeted me with hugs and smiles but I could see the subtle looks they shared between them. They all knew by now, Penelope would never be able to keep something like that quiet. I threw my baggage into the trunk of one of the SUVs and walked towards the other, only to be overtaken by a fast paced Spencer, who very purposefully took the last seat in the car with Hotch, Rossi and JJ.

Ok, fair play. I deserved that. 

He wanted me to face an entire journey of ridicule as I car shared with Derek and Penelope, that’s okay. They’ll get over it eventually, I hope.

The drive home turned out to be quite pleasant, there were a few snide remarks but the atmosphere was relaxed and the conversation shared was tame. That didn’t help the inferno inside my head, however. The events of the entire weekend, particularly the previous night, played over and over. 

Never mind team building weekend, this had been a character building weekend for me. Sure, I faced fears and sheer embarrassment but I’d never, ever been brought face to face with myself like that. Everything Spencer had said about me was right, he was a profiler, of course. But it was deeper than that, I really did have feelings for him and I really needed to let him in. God, I hated admitting that. But if he really did have feelings for me too, well… we needed to give it a shot, right?

I had to apologise.

~

Derek had been kind enough to drop me off outside my apartment, even though though the team had just spent most of their weekend together. Smiling as he applied the park brake, he turned to me.

“I hope you’re able to rest well, (Y/N). We’ll probably be back to it in the morning.” He grinned as we both knew it was all but guaranteed.

“Thanks, Derek. You really didn’t have to…”

“No. I couldn’t let you get a cab when I was driving this way anyway. Now scoot, I have plans with someone special.” He grinned even more broadly. Somehow I felt like that was a front to stop me from objecting so much. 

I shook my head and smiled meekly before I unclipped my seatbelt and opened the door. Shooting him one last smile, I slid out the door and closed it behind me, turning swiftly and heading into the block with the intention of dropping off my bags and heading straight back out in my own car.

~

I sat for a moment, gripping the steering wheel as my heart pounded in my chest. I felt like was going to vomit, I was scared and I was nervous and I was swallowing back a ton of pride. I had to. It was now or never. With the adrenaline coursing through my veins, I exited my car and ran swiftly inside and all of the way up to his door. It felt like centuries passed since the knock on the door, he finally opened and he immediately frowned.

“(Y/N), I-”

“No wait, Spencer.” I cut him off, barging past him and into his apartment. “Please hear me out.”

“Okay.” he sighed, closing the door behind him and looking straight into my eyes, I felt my stomach churn.

“You were right. You are right. Everything you said was accurate, I put up a hard front to protect myself and you see straight through it. And that terrifies me…” I began, my voice was shaky but I was spurred on as I noticed his expression soften.

“I am terrified to be real with you, because when I am, this becomes real.