that those close to him will not treat him differently, but he knows that he will never be the star he should have been. Though he knows that even stars burn out in time, he had always thought that he would shine so much brighter, and cast a bigger light on the world.

Time passes faster than Yuuri can comprehend yet he can’t bring himself to leave Hasestu Ice Castle. Even years after his retirement, he finds calm in gliding across the ice when no one else is around, escaping into his mind and dreaming of what his life could have been had things turned out differently. He spends the bulk of his time rinkside, watching his friends improve and flashing nostalgic smiles their way when he catches their eyes. Sometimes he sheds a tear when he thinks too much, but he manages to hide it well. It’s not all sad, anyway. There are moments when he watches children land new jumps for the first time, and it’s beautiful. He’s often blown away by the way that Yuuko’s skill is advancing in leaps and bounds. He is proud.  Still, he wants more than anything to be skating with her, matching her skill and playfully competing with her like they used to do as children. If he attempted such a thing now, he’d likely end up destroying his knee again. Instead, he remains off the ice. He knows better than to show off, especially in a competition that he would certainly lose.

Yuuri’s gaze falls to the notebook in his hands. He wonders what his therapist would think if he saw just how few words were scrawled across the pages. He is supposed to be writing about his feelings, and his plans for a future in which he won’t be skating. Instead, he draws. In a reality where he cannot take to the ice like he once could, where he cannot leap towards the stars and feel the cool air on his face as he twirled midair, he skates in his book. Yuuri draws pictures of himself wearing gold medals and crowns of roses. He draws himself in his old costumes and in the costumes of his idols. Through the art of sketching, he places himself in an old costume of Viktor Nikiforov’s, a tight black and silver outfit that shimmered under stage lights and oozed a kind of sex appeal that he couldn’t explain. Yuuri wonders he would really look like in such a costume, and it’s that thought that drives him to take up sewing, but he knows that he must start with more simple things.

Still using his skating idols for inspiration, he begins to design his own costumes. He starts with simpler concepts in the hopes that he can wear his own creations. He draws ladies’ outfits with Yuuko in mind, even more so after he catches her looking over his shoulder. He finds himself blushing slightly upon hearing her compliments, fiercely believing them to be exaggerated and undeserved. Still, he decides that he is going to thank her in some way for her support. As she started making a name for herself on the international scene, Yuuri would become her biggest fan, like she would have done for him if things were different.

He is almost twenty when his gift for Yuuko is ready. Turquoise and sky blue, the skating dress he’s fashioned for her resembles a calm ocean in hue, and the combination of fabrics and embellishments mean that it will glimmer with each of her movements. He finishes it in time for her twenty-first birthday, and the look of gratitude and surprise on her face makes every hour of work worth it. She squeezes him tightly and his face grows red. Had she not been married, she would have been his dream girl. 

Yuuri watches with interest as she holds the dress in front of her, taking in the details of his craftsmanship. It’s been a long time since he’s experienced such a level of pride, knowing that he has created something that brought joy to others. It is something he hasn’t felt since his days as an up-and-coming skater himself, and the way he feels his heart bloom only confirms in his mind that he’ll sew for her again. He wants to sew for her a hundred times, and maybe for himself, someday.

“You put stars in this,” Yuuko comments, a thin smile at her lips.

“Of course I did,” he replies. He knows exactly what she means.

“My star,” she says to herself as she holds the dress to her chest, “Like I used to call you.”

“So I’ll always be with you on the ice.”

“Like you should have been.”

Yuuri smiles weakly and looks towards the floor. It’s hard for him to hide his sadness in that moment. Even though his injury was in the distant past, he still yearns for the life that Yuuko has. She has world titles and an incredible career. She has a picture-perfect marriage and a legion of fans who love her dearly. Yuuri only has his sketchpad, his sewing machine,