.” Frisk could hear Chara’s (no longer vocal) distressed and enraged shouts of curses at Frisk as they were rendered powerless. Totally, utterly, powerless.

In an exhausted daze, Frisk let the knife fall to clatter loudly on the floor in the sudden silence and dropped to their knees. Bangs in their eyes, breathing heavily, heart beating wildly, Frisk picked their hands up off the ground and turned them over and around, brushed and squeezed them, wiggled the fingers… and started laughing at their accomplishment, in disbelief, relief, and amazement.

I did it. I actually did it. They continued laughing ecstatically as they stood up and flipped some hair out of their face. Such simple actions: standing up and brushing hair out of your eyes, but Frisk hadn’t had complete control over their body in a very long time. This felt amazing. They were in control. They were free.

Not forever though, of course.

Sans was staring at them with a look of contemplation, wonder, and confusion… but still suspicious of Frisk. Well, he would mean to be suspicious of Chara, but he didn’t exactly know there were two of them, that happened to be very different from each other.

“Sans…” Frisk sighed, mouth shakily smiling with glistening eyes, and began to rush forward with arms outstretched, as if to hug him. They needed to feel the reassurance he always seemed to give off when they embraced as friends.

But that was when they were friends. Now, Frisk was known as a despicable and notorious killer, since Sans retreated back and readied a gaster blaster next to him- a silent warning not to come any closer. Frisk’s heart wrenched: this wasn’t what their relationship was supposed to be- he was supposed to welcome them with open arms. This felt so wrong- Sans threatening them should they continue forward. However, it wasn’t much of a threat, as it was the plan anyway.

Lowering their arms to their sides and blinking rapidly to keep their tears at bay, Frisk tipped their chin up and said, “Do it.”

Sans didn’t seem to trust anything Frisk did or said- for good reason- as he only asked, “why?”

“Doesn’t matter. All that matters is you do it now.” Frisk replied.

“no, it does matter. i want answers: why now? and what was up with that little performance back there? why do you even want me to kill you? and wouldnt you come back anyway? you have a lot of explaining to do, kid.” The gaster blaster dissipated with a few trails of smoky blue magic and Sans stuffed his hands in his pockets, looking as if he was waiting for something.

Waiting for answers, Frisk assumed.

They sighed. “What happened back there was… was Ch- there’s two of us. Two… people in this body.”

Sans was still apprehensive and skeptical. “how is that?” He asked.

“I- it was just me, in the beginning. But, with every kill…” Frisk cringed at the word, then jumped a bit as Sans interrupted harshly.

“so it was your choice to kill-“

“No! I mean, at the start, it was. I-“ Frisk swallowed around the lump in their throat and blinked a few times before continuing. “I… I’ve abused my power, Sans. I reset, with the intention of taking this kind of path- killing everything, but…”

“why, kid?” Sans’ questioned, not understanding what could make them choose to be so destructive if they obviously didn’t like it.

No, they would not cry. They had to explain everything to him. He deserved that. “I… I guess I was just curious. I thought, ‘why not try anything?’ since I could just reset it all anyway. But I- I couldn’t do it. It was too heartbreaking. After Toriel-“

“whos toriel?” Sans interjected.

“She’s- she was your knock knock-joke friend and que-“

“howd you know i have- or... had a friend like that?” He demanded, somber realization dawning over his features.

“I reset, remember? We’re- we were friends, back then. I was friends with everyone. Everyone that I’ve killed. She- Toriel took care of me. And I just-“ Frisk’s voice cracked, and so they drew in a shaky breath and swiftly wiped a single tear away that had slipped out. “I didn’t want to keep going that way- killing everything whether or not they wanted to fight, I would’ve reset again, but they- something, it seemed like, was urging me not to. At the time, I thought it was just a curious, creepy, evil impulse pushing me on, but it was them. It was Chara.” At the mention of their name, Frisk could feel Chara try to claw their way back to control, but they were