, grinning, and left with an emphatic “Rest well, Makishima-san!”

Makishima sighed, leaning back. He should have known better than to let himself hope. He checked the time. It was only just past 8:00. It wasn’t late enough to go to sleep, but he didn’t feel like doing anything else. He made himself rise and limp over to the bathroom to take a shower. It really didn’t hurt that much anymore, but he felt miserable, so he let himself hobble. The shower wasn’t even particularly refreshing. He kept replaying the previous hour over again in his head, and it just got more embarrassing each time.

Once he was clean and back in bed, he heard his phone vibrate. He ignored it. He wasn’t going to let himself get worked up again, thinking it was Toudou, when it was probably just Tadokorochi, texting him to tease him about all the texts from Toudou he had probably read over Onoda’s shoulder.

It vibrated again, and again. It wasn’t Toudou. He knew it. He pushed the lump in his throat back down, and pointedly did not look at his phone. It vibrated again.

It could be Tadokorochi asking if he was okay, though, he reasoned. So he should probably check.

From: Toudou Jinpachi
Okay, Maki-chan, this is dumb. I’m turning around.

From: Toudou Jinpachi
I’m sorry for not realizing what I was doing but this is stupid!

From: Toudou Jinpachi
I won’t bother acting like I didn’t see what I saw

From: Toudou Jinpachi
BUT WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT IS A REACTION I WOULDN’T LIKE??!?

From: Toudou Jinpachi
UGH MAKI-CHAN have you looked in a mirror GOD

Makishima stared at the messages, feeling blood rush to his face. Could he be reading this wrong somehow, or was Toudou really saying what Makishima had always hoped to hear?

As he was still staring incredulously at his phone, he heard footsteps on the stairs again and looked up just in time to see Toudou slamming his door open. Makishima straightened up in bed, every nerve in his body on alert. “Toudou--!”

“I had to see you,” Toudou said. “I couldn’t just leave things the way they were. Maki-chan, you idiot, don’t you know how much I like you?”

Toudou was glaring at him, breathing hard. Makishima tried to speak, but words stuck in his throat. He couldn’t believe this was happening to him. Finally, he managed to choke out, “No, I--I didn’t know that.”

“Well,” said Toudou, his chin high, his voice shrill, “Now you do.”

They stared at each other for what felt like way too long. Makishima was trying desperately to come up with something to say in reply. He gave up on words, scooting gently a foot over on his bed (the hot shower had helped, he thought, or maybe it was Toudou’s stretches, but it definitely hurt less now), and lifting the corner of his blanket up, leaving a space. He looked up at Toudou, hoping his nerves weren’t showing too much on his face. He lifted an eyebrow in invitation.

Toudou took a deep, shuddery breath and came to join him. He sat down gingerly on the bed, more hesitant than Makishima would have expected from him. When their eyes met, Toudou swallowed. He turned his body towards Makishima’s and Makishima put his hand on Toudou’s chest, his fingers catching on the fabric, guiding him closer until their faces were scant inches apart.

“I’m glad you came back,” he whispered. “I thought I’d ruined it. I thought you would-” he cut himself off, shaking his head. His bangs shook in his face.

“Tch, Maki-chan. You always think such awful, wrong things!” He tucked Makishima’s hair behind his ear, and when Makishima brought himself to look back at him, his eyes were darting all over his face, and they were soft at the corners, like he was looking at something beautiful. His thumb was soft and reverent on Makishima’s cheek.

“Show me that I’m wrong, then.” Makishima kept his voice to a murmur, afraid to speak too loudly and break whatever strange spell was going on. He saw Toudou swallow, his adam’s apple bobbing up and down, and then Toudou moved in and they were kissing. Toudou’s lips were soft and dry and they felt wonderful moving against Makishima’s mouth. Makishima let his eyes flutter closed and he brought his hand up to stroke Toudou’s cheek the way Toudou was stroking his. When Toudou’s lips parted, Makishima followed suit, and then their tongues were sliding against each other.

Makishima had imagined this so many times before. His fantasies started out innocent, just kissing, but he was never able to stop himself from thinking of all the other