love to help you out on that, but...” Mondo scratched the back of his neck, eyes averted. “I’ve never... you know. Got that far with anyone.”

Kyouko gave a single nod, perched on the edge of the desk to Mondo’s left that wasn’t actually hers but was Mukuro’s desk. He hitched up one end of his mouth into an apologetic grin and went back to concentrating on the block of wood that he was screwing a nail into. She suspected that it was going to be a battery tester.

“Do not fret, Kirigiri-kun. If you cannot think of a suitable location, you can simply stay in school for your outing. There are lots of things to do here,” said Kiyotaka brightly, stationed at the desk in front of Mukuro’s desk.

Mondo looked up from his block of wood. “Let me guess... They could have a study session?”

“Yes! Aha, you read my mind,” replied Kiyotaka, fingers splayed out.

“And maybe afterwards, they could go to the laundry room to watch some wash cycles?” Mondo suggested with a smirk. He realised from Kiyotaka’s earnest face that he was taking Mondo seriously so added, “All that isn’t ‘xactly romantic.”

Kiyotaka’s smile drooped a bit.

“This is a romantic outing?” asked Kiyotaka.

“Indeed,” Hifumi said from Mondo’s right. He stuck up his index finger and wagged it at Kiyotaka. “Maizono Sayaka-dono and Kirigiri Kyouko-dono have gone down the path lined with blossoms... The yuri route. ”

“What?” shouted Kiyotaka at a classroom appropriate volume, wide-eyed, fist clenched over his heart. “B-But we’re still in school!”

Lightning didn’t strike at the revelation. That would have been odd because it was a clear midday, but still. Instead the sky stayed dull blue, similar to the eyes of Byakuya who strode into the room a few seconds later.

“It’s not like they’re planning their wedding,” said Mondo.

“E-Exactly!”

Mondo gave him a look not unlike one of sympathy and turned back to Kyouko. “I always thought it’d be pretty cool to walk a dog on a first date. It’s like my brother always said... ‘Never trust a guy who doesn’t treat his dog well’.”

Hifumi prodded the tips of his index fingers together. “Are you sure he meant that kind of dog?”

“Eh? What are you trying to say here?” asked Mondo, squinting one eye.

“Eek!” Hifumi began to furiously shake his head. “N-Nothing!”

“‘Cause all dogs are hella awesome!”

“Eeek!”

Kyouko dragged her gaze off Hifumi and set it down on Mondo, who was eyeing Hifumi with a mixture of anger and confusion.

She cleared her throat. “Neither of us have a dog.”

Mondo met her eyes. “That’s lame.”

“We’re at a boarding school,” she pointed out.

Hifumi drummed his fingers against his desk but didn’t say anything.

“... Right,” Mondo said. “Yeah. Uh... Maybe that guy with the hamsters could lend you one?”

“A hamster?”

“A dog!”

Kyouko cupped her chin in thought.


“What if I don’t know what to say?”


“Pardon? Maizono-san, I must not have heard you correctly,” Celes said with her hand against her lips, shocked or at least feigning the emotion.

“Nope, I’m pretty sure you heard right,” Sayaka replied. She pushed her castle piece onto the square that one of Celes’s pawns was on. Her chair creaked a bit as she leaned forward and grinning weakly, she confiscated Celes’s fallen chess piece. It joined the six pawns that Sayaka had so far managed to capture. “Phew, that guy nearly got all the way to the other side.”

Byakuya, seated on a chair by the door of the recreation room, reading here because the library was closed for an all-day workshop, pulled a face at his book. Probably at Sayaka’s usage of ‘guy’. He flipped to the next page and let his face relax.

“But Maizono-san, you are a social butterfly,” Celes commented, drawing Sayaka’s gaze away from Byakuya. She hopped a knight piece forward and claimed Sayaka’s last bishop. “You must forgive me for being surprised at hearing such a confession from you.”

Sayaka hunched her shoulders. “I’m fine if the other person starts a conversation but coming up with things to talk about isn’t one of my strengths, you see. I can never think of any interesting topics, and Kirigiri-san is so smart... I don’t mind if it gets quiet but I don’t want to put her off.”

“I dare say initiating a conversation won’t matter in the slightest and it is for two reasons.” Celes lifted her hand, balled into a fist, and stuck out her thumb