that’s still loud even without her banshee powers invoked as she sees ghastly forms coming back into focus, and they begin to see her.

“Lydia, what’s wrong?!” Parrish shouts, grabbing her shoulders, and the creatures disappear again, leaving Lydia with tears on her face and a racing heart. Panic is written clear on Parrish’s face and Lydia wants to tell him it’s nothing, to make him stop worrying, but she’s distracted by everything she can see all of a sudden. Because she doesn’t see just a Sheriff's deputy when she looks at Parrish anymore. She doesn’t even see a man.

Where his hands meet her skin, she sees ethereal flames skirting over her skin, the purest white almost blinding her with its intensity. But those tiny fragments of power are nothing compared to what she sees when she turns this new sense on the rest of him. Flames of ivory energy wrap around him, clinging to him and forming… well, they look like feathers. Feathers that form wings along his arms, spiritual plumage that burns into her vision in the most amazing way. She doesn’t want to look away from this other version of him, but it slowly dims as his speech breaks through her reverie once again.

“--have no idea what to do, please Lydia, tell me what’s happening.” His brow is creased with concern, and Lydia can still see the ghost of his birdlike form there, even as everything fades away to what she once thought was normalcy.

“I… I’m not quite sure what’s happening.” Lydia’s proud of the fact that her voice shakes only slightly, less than her body is tremoring. Parrish moves to remove his grip from her shoulders, but Lydia stops him with a shouted “No!”

Parrish’s eyes widen, but he remains in contact with her and Lydia sighs in relief. “Is there something…. supernatural going on?”

“Definitely.” Lydia’s laugh is bitter and weak as she replies and tries to understand what’s happening to her. “I don’t know what. One minute I’m fine, the next I’m in a field with my dead best friend trying to eat me, then I’m waking up from that with you here, then as soon as you stop touching me she’s there again, and then you’re a flaming bird.”

Creases form deep on Parrish’s forehead as his eyebrows draw together in confusion. Lydia can’t blame him, she’s just as confused, if not more so. She has no idea what’s happening, or how to stop it, and no idea how to figure it out. She doesn’t know what to do. She’s always the one with the answers, and now she doesn’t even know the right questions to ask. Shakes course through her body, growing more violent by the second as her thoughts turn inwards and become laden with despair.

“I’m a bird?” Lydia gives Parrish her best exasperated look. That’s what he’s most concerned about?

“Yes, a great big shiny bird.” When he looks down at his arms questioningly, Lydia sighs sharply, “Not now, of course.”

“But I was?”  

“Or there’s some version of you that always is. I don’t know.” Tears threaten to spill from her eyes at the last. Admitting she has no idea isn’t easy for her, especially not after the night she’s had. Lydia sniffs sharply and tells herself stubbornly she is done crying for the day.

“Okay.” Parrish’s voice is surprisingly soothing, as are his thumbs slowly stroking her shoulders. “It’ll all be okay. What should we do?”

Lydia can’t answer that. She doesn’t have a good response, again. So she just closes her eyes and shakes her head, hoping he’ll understand what she means. She can’t handle all this right now, she just wants to sleep and forget it all.

“Well, obviously I can’t stay in contact with you forever.” The noise that escapes Lydia is somewhere between a laugh and a sob. Of course he can’t, but she can’t deal with the alternative. “Hey, Lydia? I promise it’ll be okay. I’m going to try letting go of you very slowly, and I want you to focus on everything you see and feel right now, yeah? Try and prevent… whatever it is that terrifies you so much from returning.”

Lydia presses her lips together tightly and sets her jaw, giving him a shaky nod. She opens her eyes and tries to focus on the details. A slight crack on the windscreen, a blade of grass waving in the wind but somehow still clinging to the roof of her car, the flex of muscles as Parrish’s hands slowly move away from her, the texture of the black muscle shirt he’s wearing, the sound of