his legs across Steve’s lap. Steve is keeping them on the non-violent side for now, sticking mainly with Disney (and no, Clint, that is not because he secretly wants to be a princess. He will admit to being a sucker for a happy ending though). Bucky’s started to read again, devouring anything he can find in the apartment, and Steve lets him borrow his laptop to set up an Amazon account so that he can buy more; he won’t use an e-reader or tablet, says he prefers the old-fashioned way. He’d been the same when they were younger, always reading anything that wasn’t nailed down.

Bucky has always kept himself clean, but he takes more interest in his appearance now that Steve brushes his hair and massages his scalp every morning. Steve could even swear he’s caught Bucky trying to style it once or twice. He rubs Bucky’s shoulders and neck, easing the tension that gathers there because of his metal arm and earns satisfied groans that make his cock twitch. Bucky returns the favour, using his flesh hand only to stroke Steve’s skin whenever he can. He won’t massage, because he’s scared of causing harm by pressing too hard, however much Steve tries to reassure him, and he won’t use the metal hand for anything at all if he can help it, but he runs his fingers gently over Steve whenever he has the opportunity. At night, they curl together in bed, and Bucky has fewer nightmares. Not no nightmares, because that would be too good to be true, but fewer. Every day, Bucky’s body brings him back a little of what his head has lost, and with every touch, he seems more grounded.

 


"Have patience with every one, but especially with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections."


“Fuck!”

Bucky’s been talking a bit more recently, but it’s still a surprise to Steve to hear his voice. He goes through to the kitchen to find Bucky surrounded by shards of china and a puddle of water, looking frustrated and crestfallen all at the same time.

“You ok, Buck?”

Bucky won’t answer him, but it’s fairly easy to see what’s happened. There are tea leaves all over the floor, and Bucky is sucking on a finger of his flesh hand.

“Did you burn?”

Bucky nods. He looks furious with himself. “That was your favourite mug,” he explains, gesturing to the floor.

Steve doesn’t have a favourite mug, as far as he’s aware. “Why did you think that?”

“You always use it.”

“It’s not my favourite. It’s just habit, I guess. It’s a good size. Doesn’t matter, I’ve got others.” He’s babbling, just to try to reassure Bucky – it’s just a mug, for heaven’s sake, a mug is nothing to Steve when Bucky’s upset – but he’s also impressed at Bucky’s observational skills. He hadn’t even noticed he tended to favour that mug. A shiver passes down his spine when he considers what those powers of observation have been used for, and he forces himself to think of the matter in hand. He busies himself mopping up the puddle just to have something to do. Bucky is still motionless and dejected-looking.

“But I wanted to make you tea,” he says, in a small voice. Tea has become a weird kind of currency for them. Steve used to be the one who made it, but recently Bucky has taken over tea-duty, almost as if he’s trying to settle some kind of imaginary debt, or else show Steve that he can still provide for him in this one, small way.

“It’s just tea, Bucky. You’ve just got to be patient with yourself,” Steve says cautiously, still not approaching Bucky no matter how much he wants to, because although Bucky is looking wretched, he’s nevertheless giving off waves of do not touch me. His eyes are slightly wild; that’s the main hint.

“I’ve been patient, I am patient, and I’m trying but it’s just so hard,” Bucky snaps in frustration. There’s a silence for a few moments, during which Steve takes several deeps breaths in and out and reminds himself that Bucky’s not angry with him, he’s angry near him.

“This isn’t really about the mug, is it?” he guesses, eventually.

Bucky looks at him with a sarcastic expression and claps his hands mockingly. Over the past few weeks he’s being going to therapy, which Steve had been hoping he’d do from the beginning, but he respected Bucky’s need to make the decision for himself. The therapy has had mixed results. It is helping his memory come back, but the downside of this is that it