the bed and hoists himself onto it, bumping his and Touko’s noses together but maintaining contact with her lips. Kyouko reclines onto her back and the other two descend with her, with Touko lying on her and Byakuya curled up over Touko. He licks at the indent between Touko’s lips and she opens her mouth, granting his tongue entrance. She sighs contentedly into his mouth, feeling Kyouko’s hands on her thighs and Kyouko’s mouth pulse against her neck. Most likely, this kiss shares the sounds of one that preceded it, but this one fills her head with his heat that tastes of coffee as well as an excited hum, and the fleeting, teasing touches of his tongue against hers have more strength, more intensity, than the miniature creaks of their lips.

Kyouko eventually loses patience and reaches up. Her hands seizes Byakuya’s hips and with surprising strength, she flips the three of them over so she is on top and Byakuya is at the bottom of the pile. She nudges Touko’s shoulder and lifts her own body up enough so that Touko can turn around. After only a short delay, Touko realises what Kyouko wants her to do and she positions herself onto her back, still lying on top of Byakuya, and Kyouko’s mouth reunites with hers. Strands of Kyouko’s hair tickle Touko’s face.

Touko’s lips, rough in texture due to how regularly she bites on them, differ from Kyouko’s soft, plumper pair that roll against hers as they kiss. The contrast is as great as Byakuya’s firm hands that rhythmically squeeze Touko’s heaving chest, and both induce wriggles and groans from her. She hears his fingers pull against the fabric of her shirt and how his mouth grazes against her neck with purring that sounds far away. Her trembling movements rub against him, her backside over his crotch, and one rub makes him moan as he fails to hold in the noise so his warm breath floods across her prickling skin.

Another grind from Touko causes him to give an accidental jerk that breaks Kyouko’s and Touko’s kiss. His body becomes still but a moment later, his wet tongue draws an undulating line up her neck, to her ear, which he catches between his teeth. Touko tenses, ready to moan, but she can’t totally focus, not when Kyouko’s teeth tug on Touko’s bottom lip. With Kyouko on top of her and Byakuya beneath her, Touko’s eyes instinctively lock onto Kyouko’s purple pair. The eye contact doesn’t last long, fading as their eyes begin to shut again, lids weighed down, and Touko’s building moans tumble into Kyouko’s mouth.

Byakuya shifts a little and stops nibbling at Touko’s ear. “I think we should swap positions, Kirigiri.”

Kyouko rises, pulling out of the kiss, and shoots a glare at him. Her work clothes are as dishevelled as those worn by the other two, and Touko hears Kyouko’s leather gloves clench either side of Touko’s head. “I believe you already had your turn, Togami-kun.”

He clicks his tongue. “What if I want another?”

“H-Hey,” Touko pipes up, slightly breathless. “Don’t spoil the mood, you two...!”

“M-Me?” says Byakuya with almost laughable offence.

“Fukawa-san’s right. We should be focusing on welcoming her back, not fighting,” replies Kyouko, though she averts her eyes for a few seconds, evidently embarrassed at being scolded. When her gaze returns to Touko, she lowers herself again and brushes their lips together as if searching for where they had been prior to the interruption, and finding familiar grooves on Touko’s lips, presses down more firmly. The bed creaks beneath them.

Byakuya gives Touko’s breasts a particularly hard squeeze and she arches her back, moaning into Kyouko’s mouth. His lips crackle near Touko’s ear as he smirks, and his fingers skitter to the buttons of her shirt. Despite how he’s positioned, he unfastens them with little trouble.

Kyouko sits up and seats herself on Touko’s lower stomach.

“Do you need help with that?” asks Kyouko, if only to be polite.

“I can manage by myself,” he replies. He opens the last button hole and plucks at the front halves of Touko’s shirt, depositing them at her sides. The cool air reminds her just how hot she is. His hands slip beneath the underwire of Touko’s bra, white with a simple floral design on the cups, and he fits her nipples between his fingers. In a whisper, he says, “Fukawa, you should know that I’ve been looking forward to your arrival for a long time.”

Touko lets out a whine as he begins to massage her. “H-How much were you looking forward to it?” she asks.

He tweaks. This moan shakes with her body.

“A fair amount,” he says in a playful tone that he rarely uses.

Kyouko frowns