"Why are you giving this to me?"  I am your enemy, she thought, and, Why can't you hate me?

Teyla caught her forearm as she moved to knock the hangings to the ground.  Her grip was tight and uncompromising.  "Sora, do you think that I do not grieve for Tyrus as well?  That I have forgotten the years we knew each other as friends?"

"You left him to die!" Sora struggled to free herself, but her breath was short with tears, and Teyla easily caught her other arm.  With a twist, she locked Sora's elbows in front of her, holding her from behind, her mouth next to Sora's ear.

"There was no choice," she said.  Her words were hard, but her voice was somehow still gentle.  "The Wraith had awoken.  Sora, there was no one at fault."  Teyla's grip tightened, a strange embrace, restraining her and holding her close at the same time.

"Colonel Sheppard woke them," she said, filling his name with all her bitterness.  The Genii could have won against the Wraith, if they had been given time.  The Atlanteans had stolen fifty years from them.  They should have prevailed.  Sora relaxed her shoulders, then wrenched forward, but Teyla easily kept her hold.  Teyla's breath was warm against the back of her neck, and Sora let her head drop forwards.  She hated the comfort, most of all from Teyla, and she held back her tears, her disappointment.  They should have won!  They were Genii!

"Let yourself grieve, Sora," Teyla said, and now she did loosen her arms, until Sora could escape from her.  She didn't go far, taking a step forward to the table, and kept her back to Teyla, hiding her face.  "There were no prayers for Tyrus, no leave-taking.  But you have time now, if you want to remember him."

Sora gripped the table's edge until her knuckles ached.  "You're going back to Atlantis to fight the Wraith."

"Yes."

"Take me with you."  And, when Teyla did not answer, Sora turned around.  The light in the tent was dim, but she could see the sorrow on Teyla's face.  "I'm not a girl any longer, Teyla," she said.  "This isn't a trading mission.  This is a war I was trained to fight."

"Going back is not possible," Teyla said.  "I lost my father to the Wraith as well, Sora.  And I learned there is no way to return to the past."

Teyla laid her hands on Sora's shoulders, and leaned in.  Sora felt the warmth of her palms through her tunic, the spicy scent of tea on her breath.  She bent her head and accepted the Athosian salute, and finally, her tears fell.

Teyla left that night for the city of the Ancients.  Sora remained with the Athosians.  The one lesson Commander Kolya never taught was how to remain enemies with people who cared nothing about the fact that she was their prisoner.  They treated her as they had when she was a child, clinging to her father's trousers while he bartered beer and tava for fresh meat.  It felt at once patronizing and welcome, because this village was one place where she could not be proud of her actions on Atlantis.  And she was not the only one from a different world.  There were Manarians and Langanese, even a few children adopted from planets where their parents had been culled.

The rhythms of farming were easy to settle into.  Sora found herself teaching the Athosians many things, not because she had intended to, but because she instinctively worked the fields in the ways she knew were best.  Halling and the others followed her.  With Teyla gone, Halling led the village, but he was not the only leader.  Charan was the closest they had to doctor and judge, and Palam was the best hunter.  When Teyla returned, they would defer to her and listen to what she had to say, but no one had the authority that Minister Cowen or the Commander had on Genia.  Sora felt the tug of freedom like temptation, and worked to keep her discipline, her distance.

It was most difficult in the evenings, when the village was filled with the sound of clattering sticks, measured breathing, and the stomp and retreat of leather-booted feet.  The younger ones followed the movements of Halling, who guided the lessons, while Palam and Elina walked among them, silently correcting stances and lunges.

The Genii trained in silence, as well.  Soldiers learned hand-to-hand combat from Commander Kolya because the cost was too high if they didn't.  The only correction was the biting pain of his staff finding holes and weaknesses in their defense, or the grip of his hand throwing them forward into the fight.  Sora had paid for her mistakes in bruises and blood, and she had focused her anger until she could best any Genii except the Commander himself.

The Athosians' silence was different.  The practice square