I will go make some calls" Paul said leaving the room knowing this was between the boys. After he had left Louis turned to Zayn again. 

"Z what happened?" Zayn let out a shaky breath. 

"We were drinking down at the bar and Liam got pretty drunk. So I brought him back up here and one thing lead to another." He bit his lip and looked up to his mates with tears in his eyes. "He told me he was in love with me." He said collapsing to the floor sobbing uncontrollably. 

Louis kneeled down and gathered Zayn into his arms. Zayn soon felt two more bodies joining him. It was almost the perfect group hug, they were just missing the glue that held them all together.

"What did you say to him Zayn?" Harry asked after a while when Zayn had calmed down.

"Nothing.... he came to my room." Niall spoke as realization hit him. Zayn let out a whimper.

"Oh Z. He is probably so hurt. How do you feel about him?" Louis asked even though he already knew the answer. 

"I... I love him too." Zayn said wiping his eyes. 

"Then go find him and tell him." 

"We have press in an hour." Harry reminded them. 

"Okay, after press." Louis laughed lightly.

Their interview had gone alright. Zayn kept getting asked about the wedding as the date was only a week away. He couldn't stop thinking about Liam and how hurt he looked the last time he saw him. 

"Where is Liam boys?" The interviewer asked. Zayn had to bit his lip to stop himself from crying. They didn't feel the same without Liam.

"He wasn't feeling the best so we wanted him to stay in bed." Louis spoke up. Harry glanced over at Zayn and wrapped his arm around him and pulled him into his side. Zayn buried his face into his neck and took many deep calming breaths. He felt a hand slowly start to rub his back and he knew it was Louis. Zayn stayed like that the rest of the interview. 

When the interview ended Harry and Louis didn't pull away. Zayn stayed there as well, not having the energy to move. 

"Z..." Zayn looked up at the sound of Harry's sweet voice. "Could you dry my neck please?!" He laughed. Zayn pulled away and wiped it with his sleeve before he stood and walked away from the boys. 

"We have to do something. I hate seeing him like this."

"If he's that bad imagine Liam."

"Let's not imagine Liam."

"I'm going to call him." Harry said as he pulled his phone out and dialed Liam's number putting it on speaker. He surprisingly answered on the second ring. 

"Hello." He sobbed into the phone. 

"Li babe... how are you?" Lou asked into the phone.

"Horrible." He choked out.

"Man what happened? Where are you?" Niall asked.

"I told Zayn I love him and he ran so, so did I."

"Why did you run Li?"

"I... just....couldn't.... he... doesn't.... I... ruined... I lost him didn't I?" Liam wailed into the phone.  All the boys looked around at each other.

"Liam I don't think you lost him mate.  He is just as miserable as you are." 

"Doubt it" Liam laughed unhumorously.

"You weren't the one with a wet neck after they asked where you were during the interview mate." Harry laughed. 

"Liam he wants to find you. He has something to tell you."

"If he wants to find me, he knows where I am." Liam said before hanging up without another word. 

Zayn heard the whole thing. He hid in the shadows once he heard Liam's voice on the phone. He started to silently cry at how broken Liam sounded. 

What did he mean by 'if he wants to find me he knows where I am'? Where is he? The first thought that ran through his mind was home. But Liam wouldn't go home would he? Maybe home home to his parents? He decided to call Karen. They were close.

He pulled out his phone and headed towards one of the cars. He got inside and dialed her number. He wanted to get this over with before the boys joined him.

"Hello" she answered sweetly. 

"Hi Karen."

"How are you Zayn?" She asked sounding concerned.  

"I am horrible. Karen I am going insane." She laughed. 

"Baby I know. He isn't much better."

"Is he there?"

"No Zayn he's not. I know you love him Zayn. Go to him and tell him."

"I do love him. I love him so much Karen. I just hate how it took him running away to realize it."

"I know honey. It's better late then never." She sighed.

"Do you know where he