Lou shook Brown Eyes’ hand, sealing the deal, and left his coffee in favor of lifting certain parts of the ceiling from the floor.

—//—//—

Damian walked through the front door of the coffee shop that Louis had began working in on that wonderfully dreary, Harry-less day two years ago, and shot a smile at Lou while releasing his wife’s elbow, the motion looking almost painful.

Damian had found his wife, Sabina, wandering around the hospital grounds almost a week after Louis had started clearing the floor in the ‘Kitchen’, with no memory of her life half a year before getting infected.

Thankfully, after he had kissed her, whispering the words he had the day they got married, she had remembered one key thing.

Her ring wasn’t from her grandma.

Then they had done a bit more than kiss, and Lou had rolled over in his ‘bed’ (a mat that Damian had ‘borrowed’ from the hospital after they had updated his prosthetic leg), praying that Harry would climb through his window, or maybe even shoot the lovey dovey couple, then hug him again.

Anything to feel Harry.

Even now, two years later, Damian had a hard time letting his wife do anything without him, but she understood, now having regained full memory through intense therapy sessions, and knowing how protective of her Damian had always been.

Sabina smiled softly up at him before he swiftly moved down to peck her on the lips, loping towards the ‘Kitchen’ that actually looked like a kitchen now that it had been renovated, mostly by Louis.

Watching the two, Louis smiled at their obvious love for each other, wiping off the cup he had just washed and turning to look out the windows that, up until a month ago, had been boarded, but now let in light from the sun that shone brightly, without any greenness left to block its rays.

It was honestly amazing to Lou how America had picked itself up in the short time-span of two years.

The streets were cleared of debris, and buildings were being rebuilt faster than you could say skyscraper, but money was only just being reinstated.

That’s why, when people who only owned the rags off their backs came in, asking for a muffin,

and please, just a muffin,

Louis gave them a bed, a job, and all the muffins they’d need for a trip to Atlantis.

So today wasn’t any different, for when a man who looked like Hell twice over stumbled into Lou’s Coffee for Life (as Louis had dubbed it in his head), Louis immediately began planning a place for him to stay while he got his feet on the ground, and writing down an order for,

no surprise here,

a muffin.

Then the man looked up.

Muddled green eyes peered at Louis from underneath a wild array of plastered down, yet ruffled up, dark,

brown,

curls.

And Louis needed to pull.

He needed to pull so bad.

He knew it was Harry, just by the way the green eyes lit, and the way Harry towered over Louis when he reached the counter.

With other men, the towering always threatened Louis, but with Harry…

It just felt nice.

A smirk lit his face, and Harry’s voice, all gravelly with thirst, trickled out from his magnificent lips, slow as the day they had first met.

“Hey there Lou, didn’t think I’d ever see you again.”

Louis felt the smile working it’s way across his face, feeling guilty as he remembered all the times he had shouted Harry’s name into his pillow while his hand flew over his length, cum spurting across his sheets while he yearned for that one warm body.

Don’t get him wrong, there were many warm bodies, but Louis only wanted one,

and that was Harry.

Still smiling, Lou poked fun at Harry,”Didn’t think I’d ever smell you again, but here we are, eh?”

Harry chuckled and hung his head, swiping his hand through his dirty curls, just like he had done all those years ago, flipping it back to the side quickly.

“I just got released from the hospital,

they found me laying next to a burning warehouse in the fifth sector with third degree burns all across my back,

some lady ran into my room and hugged me really hard, saying something about saving her baby,

I don’t remember anything like that.”

Lou watched his hand reach across the counter, and saw it intertwine with Harry’s, but it didn’t register until Louis felt the warmth.

Harry’s warmth.

And it was oh so very warm.

Harry shot Louis a grateful glance, and Lou just kept smiling, then he remembered.

The muffin.

“Now, how’s about I get you stationed somewhere and grab you a muffin as well? God knows what kind of incorrigible food they fed you in that hospital.”

Fifteen minutes later, Harry was taking orders and carrying five or more cups of coffee at a time to a table, his slightly