the mood, and pulled Mikaela’s sweatpants down all the way to his ankles, before Mikaela finished the job by kicking it off.

Boxers and pants carelessly thrown to the side as well, Yuuichirou took Mikaela’s cock in his hand and began pumping slowly, but not fast enough to have the blonde screaming like Yuuichirou always wanted him to.

“Yuu-chan! Yuu-chan, please…” Mikaela squeezed his eyes shut, letting out a few pants as he tried to regain his breath.

“Come on, princess.” Yuuichirou grabbed Mikaela’s pale thighs and wrapped them around his waist before lifting Mikaela off the couch as the blonde held onto him tightly, lips immediately latching on his husband’s neck.

Yuuichirou walked them back to their room, which took no time since Yuuichirou was eager himself, before settling Mikaela down on the soft mattress of their bed and letting go of his husband to fetch the lube, which resulted in the blonde crying out his name upon losing the feeling Yuuichirou on him.

Yuuichirou laughed, returning with lube in hand as the blonde pouted. “Calm down, princess. I'm not going anywhere.”

With that being said, Mikaela pulled Yuuichirou on top of him again and kissed him hungrily, moaning into the latter’s mouth as Yuuichirou responded to his every move.

“I-” Kiss. “love-” Another kiss to Yuuichirou’s jaw, “You.” and finally, one last kiss to end his sentence with to Yuuichirou’s chest.

“I love you more, princess. Now let's take care of you.”

Mikaela nodded and closed his eyes, relaxing against the pillows as Yuuichirou slid down and was met with Mikaela’s cock standing proudly against his soft stomach.

Yuuichirou’s fingers curled around the cock before pumping it slowly again, which had Mikaela panting and on the verge of begging.

Yuuichirou liked seeing Mikaela begging for him. Strangely, for him, it turned him on even more and the urge to ravish the blonde increased as seconds passed by.

Finally, he leaned in and wrapped his lips around Mikaela’s leaking cock and lapped at the slit.

That action had Mikaela a moaning mess, and he fought the urge to thrust his hips up in pleasure but fearing to hurt Yuuichirou.

Yuuichirou took more of the latter’s cock in his mouth, eyes fluttering shut as his tongue moved around the tip.

“Yuu- Yuu-chan!”

Mikaela felt hot all over, sweat starting to drip down his face as his voice raised in volume and his legs shook in pleasure.

He loved the way Yuuichirou made him feel. Whether it was during sex or just innocently giving him kisses throughout the day. These gestures never failed to make him desire more of Yuuichirou’s love, and Yuuichirou never denied his wants.

Mikaela felt the heat in his stomach began to uncurl as Yuuichirou hollowed his cheeks and sucked harder.

“Yuu-chan! I'm so close…” Mikaela moaned, tears forming in his eyes due to overstimulation, and he gasped once Yuuichirou sucked again.

Yuuichirou was always gentle and careful with him whenever Mikaela received blow jobs from him. He wanted Mikaela to feel all the love he could give during sex. Whether it was rough or just slow love making. He always made sure to make Mikaela feel on top of the world, and every single time, Mikaela felt exactly that way.

Mikaela came when Yuuichirou kissed the tip and sucked on it one last time. His semen shooting out in Yuuichirou’s mouth, who gladly swallowed almost all of it.

Mikaela was already exhausted, and he cursed himself for having such a weak stamina. But that never stopped Yuuichirou from still having his way with him, not that Mikaela ever complained, he grew to love the ache he felt in his legs after every session of their intercourse.

Mikaela reopened his eyes, tears streaming down his face as he stared at Yuuichirou. Yuuichirou had leftover semen on the corner of his lips that were formed into a small smirk. The lust and desire very visible in his eyes and that had Mikaela shaking for more.

Yuuichirou’s fingers picked at the semen on the corner of his lips, before pressing his semen covered index finger against Mikaela’s lips, which had Mikaela gasping.

“Suck, princess.” Yuuichirou’s tone was dark and lust-filled as Mikaela complied and took his middle and index finger in his mouth, moaning at the taste of himself.

If it was possible for Yuuichirou to get hornier more than he already was, he would. The sight of Mikaela sucking down on his fingers that were covered in the blonde’s semen was beautiful.

All of Mikaela is beautiful, from the softness of his hair, the paleness of his body, the way his body would take on the color red so quickly whenever he felt embarrassed, his hands, his thighs, it was all so beautiful.

Mikalea kissed Yuuichirou’s fingers after successfully swallowing down the leftover semen, and he shyly looked up at his husband.

“Yuu-chan…” He whispered, and Yuuichirou nodded before spreading the latter’s legs and fetching the lube.