. I guess he is scared, really scared. Of this. Of kissing. Of kissing Zayn. Especially with his asthma.
Liam would lose his breathe when he watched Zayn from afar in school. From his desk, from below the tree, from the table. He would start chocking, his throat clogged and lungs unbelievably still. Of course he never let Zayn know because the older of the two was already worried about the brunette all the time.
Liam opened his eyes and stared into Zayn’s honey glazed ones, the end of his lips twitching upwards into a beautiful smile, leaning in only slightly. Notifying Zayn it was ok to move now. Zayn cracked one back, following Liam’s movement oh so slowly until their lips touch, just lightly, just a feathery light touch, before Zayn was pulling back. His first kiss ended too quickly for Liam.
Liam abruptly opened his eyes, pouting slightly, as to why Zayn pulled away: he doesn’t know.
“What’s wrong?” He whispered to the raven haired boy.
“What? Nothing. Just making sure you’re all right.” Zayn sounded so sincere, so caring, so generous, so perfect.
“I’m fine Zayn, I’m not going to break from one little kiss.” Liam sighed, wrapping his arms around Zayn’s neck, moving over and adjusting himself on his boyfriends lap. “Come on, I’m fine.” Liam reassured.
Zayn smirked, connecting their lips again, a bit harder this time, rougher. Liam pressed back immediately, breathing heavily. Zayn put his palms on Liam’s thighs, holding him in place before licking and nipping at his boyfriends bottom lip. Liam groaned in response and opened his mouth cautiously. He felt Zayn’s tongue slither into his mouth and he froze. His breathe got caught in his throat and he, he couldn’t-couldn’t suck in any air, through his nose nor mouth.
Liam pushed Zayn away slightly and made a sound of disapproval struggling in his throat, gesturing with a fisted hand towards his backpack in the corner of the room by the door.
Zayn got the message, thank god, and rushed to Liam’s bag, bringing it back quickly. He watched, slightly frightened, mostly just concerned, as the younger of the two searched through his backpack, pulling out a white inhaler and sucking in, breathing in and out slowly.
“Are-Are you ok?” Zayn asked, reaching out for Liam’s hand but Liam shrugged him away, shaking his head frantically.
Liam put the inhaler down onto his lap, looking anywhere but Zayn, anywhere but the uneasy moment. “I-I’m sorry, that-that was embarrassing.” Liam said in a small voice, small tone.
“It’s ok,” Zayn said automatically, “Are you though? Are you ok?” He asked.
“I’m alright.” Liam relieved, his cheeks red from not being able to breathe and embarrassing himself in front of Zayn.
“Yeah? You sure?” Zayn asked.
Liam looked up to match Zayn’s eyes once again and smashed their lips together. This time taking in little breathes as he slithered his tongue into Zayn’s mouth, licking the roof of Zayn’s mouth, panting slightly.
Zayn took that as Liam being ok now, gently pushing his tongue back against Liam’s for a second before enclosing his mouth over the brunettes tongue, sucking leisurely. Liam moaned a bit loudly, losing his pace of breathing, chocking a bit and pulling back, coughing loudly and repeatedly.
Zayn’s eyes widened as he clutched Liam’s pump and brought it to the harassed boy’s lips. Liam hastily wrapped his lips around it and took in the air it gave. After his breathing became normal again, he looked down shyly. How could have this have happened again? I look like an idiot, right in front of him, Liam thought.
“Hey, Li, hey, baby.” Zayn called, “Look at me, please babe.”
Liam looked up, the end of his lips tugging downwards. “I’m sorry, I-just got a bit too excited and I forget to breathe when I’m around you, I-I lose my breathe.” Liam explained.
“I don’t mind babe, you just gotta tell me, yeah? M’worried, need to make sure you’re safe. I love you.” Zayn said, honestly.
Liam’s eyes grew, his cheeks darkened a burgundy, “I-I love you, too.”
“Careful now.” Zayn warned, persistent his lips to Liam’s again, attacking them for the third time, carefully though, always carefully.
Liam shivered slightly, kissing back just as much, letting his mouth open wide when Zayn bit down on his bottom lip. Liam tried real hard, he did, a lot. He tried to keep breathing normally and keep kissing Zayn but the world just doesn’t want him to do just that. He broke