chilled his lungs. He hadn’t stumbled around any woodland creatures, save for a squirrel or two, which was rather odd in his opinion, but he didn’t think to deeply about it. He let his mind wonder, losing himself to nature.

     His serenity is abruptly shattered when something cold harshly impacts him, slamming itself square in his back. He is throw forward, his legs crippling in surprise. He is left stunned for a moment before finally regaining himself enough to twist his body around. There, towering above his stiff form was the culprit.

     “What? This is how you do the snow ball fighting, da?” The figure held a spine chilling smile that shocked Matthew at first, but soon enough he was grinning wide.

     In a flash, he jumped to his feet, scooping up a perfect ball of snow in one hand, before flinging it towards the Russian in one fluid motion. The Canadian then scurried further into the forest to escape the incoming snow projectiles. Matthew hadn’t noticed at first, but Ivan had brought along the Baltics, who for once didn’t seem frightened and actually had playful smiles on their faces.

     The battle started out as four against one, but soon it was every country for himself. The war raged on between the small group for a few hours, before they all finally collapsed in the snow.

     “Happy birthday,” the Ivan belted out merrily, though his laughter shook the other countries.

     Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia each congratulated him, before the four of them headed off. For a moment, Matthew wondered where the countries were going, seeing as they were trailing further into the thick woods, but it was only a passing thought and he easily shrugged it off.

     After saying farewell, he trailed his way back to the city, where he could once again wander aimlessly through the streets.

     As he was admiring the shop windows, pausing far longer than necessary at a toy shop, he heard a loud, high-pitched holler come from down the road behind him, then suddenly his body was flush up against the sidewalk. The cold had already numbed him, so it did hurt when his face kissed the pavement, but he was disoriented. He heard another, more deep and authoritative voice boom through the streets. Then suddenly the weight was lifted off his back and a large, strong hand was hoisting him up.

     “Sorry Matthew,” the voice continued, “Feliciano just got a little too excited.” The voice finally clicked in his brain.

     “Ve, sorry Matthew.”

     “It’s fine,” he mumbled.

     “We heard it was your birthday today, so we came to congratulate you,” the German informed him. Matthew hadn’t noticed the tall man was holding a decorative box until now.

     “We got you a present!”

     “Um, thank you very much, Feliciano and Ludwig.”

     “We would also like to buy you dinner,” the German added stiffly, feeling uncertain about what he was supposed to say.

     “Oh no, that’s okay, you really don’t have to,” the Canadian tried to deter.

     “You do not want to have dinner?” Ludwig inquired innocently.

     “No it’s no…” Matthew sighed in defeat, “of course I would love to have dinner with you two.” The short Italian jumped with happiness as he latched onto the Birthday Boy, dragging him towards a nice, fancy looking restaurant.

     The Canadian sat helplessly at the table, staring hopelessly down at the menu, trying to find the cheapest meal. But, to no avail, he had to settle for a plain steak and a water. Italy got the pasta and Ludwig got a large, stuffed potato. The trio chatted casually about their lives, Feliciano acted surprisingly calm, that is, after yelling out ‘pasta’ when the meal arrived.

     After bidding the two Europeans good-night, he slowly made his way back home. He felt so very overwhelmed by all the sudden attention, but he couldn’t say he hated it. Matthew let out a soft sigh, in an attempt to suppress the bubbly feeling in his chest. He was so lost in thought, that he didn’t realize that he had already arrived home and was pushing open the front door. The smell of fast food and the sound of the television blasting knocked his from his stupor. His attention flying over to the couch, where a head of a blond hair was peeking over.

     “Alfred?” the Canadian called out softly. Despite the low volume, the boisterous country picked up on it, his head twisting to meet the house owner. Matthew nearly winched at the whiplash inducing speed, before numbly traveling over to the sofa.

     “Hey li’l bro! Happy Canadia day!” The intruder shouted, standing up to quickly embrace his brother.

     The Northerner rolled his eyes, finding it useless to try and correct him, “thanks Alfred. Have you been here all day?”

     “Nah, I got here at like five or so,” he shrugged casually. The Canadian’s eyes widened in surprise at the new information.

      “Brother