...at least I have Zayn...Anyways, it's been a while since my mum and I moved away from dad. I didn't really know him all that well, but I don't remember him being a very good person. He would come home late at night and his breath would smell really bad. Mom used to tell me to go hide in the closet and not to come out unless she said it was safe.

    I just wish that I could have had a normal childhood. Although if I did, I probably wouldn't know Zayn, and I would prefer to know him...especially because he's beautiful. I'm sorry that was a downer. I just had to get that off of my chest and you're the only thing I know won't hold it against me or tell other people my secrets.

   -Niall Horan; age 15

 

   Niall stared up at his ceiling, the steady turning of his ceiling fan creating a calming sound. He was beyond nervous. In fact, the word "nervous" paled in comparison to what Niall was feeling right now. Which is why he nearly jumped out of his skin when there was a knock on his door. He stood up and took a deep breath, peeking out the door. Zayn was leaning against the wall opposite Niall's door in a pair of black converse, tight black jeans, a gray sweater with a white sweater vest over it, and a beautiful smile. "Hey snowflake, you ready?" Zayn asked, walking up to Niall's door.

   Niall nodded shyly, stepping out into the hall and closing his door behind him. "Here, why don't you hold my hand," Niall's heart leaped into his throat as his hand was engulfed by Zayn's, sparks and tingles travelling from his fingertips to his toes. He let out a small sound and Zayn quirked an eyebrow,"You okay snowflake?" Niall nodded and looked at the floor, blushing bright red. Zayn hooked his fingers under Niall's chin, tilting his head up. Zayn was smiling that special smile where he pressed his tongue against his teeth and it made Niall's knees turned to jello. He leaned in and kissed the blond's forehead, whispering softly,"Let's get out of here yeah?"

-----

   Zayn was watching Niall intently, propped up on his elbows as he layed down on his stomach,"Don't you ever speak?" Niall shook his head and looked over at the horizon, biting his lip. "Well is there any way I can get you to talk for me?" Zayn's question caught Niall off guard, the blond blinking several times as the elder's words sunk in. Niall looked back at Zayn and cocked his head, opening his mouth. No noise came out and Niall looked down, squeezing his eyes shut.

I should talk for Zayn, I can trust him.

No you can't! He's just like the rest of them!

No he ins't, he's nice. He's going to save me from them, all of them.

He's just playing with you. Like all of your so called "friends." They didn't help you did they? So why would Zayn?

No! You're wrong! He's different! I can tell!

   Zayn could tell that there was something going on with Niall. He was crying and hunched over and just didn't sound right. "Niall...? What's wrong? Was it something I said?" Zayn bit his lip. He should have known better than to ask that. It was his fault. "I'll just take you home..." he was about to stand up when Niall grabbed his arm,"Are you okay?" Niall looked up with tear filled eyes and shook his head, opening his mouth.   "St-Stay...here...leave...bad..." Niall whispered so quietly Zayn could barely hear him. But Zayn did hear him. And it made his heart beat out of his chest.-----

[A/N]: I'm sorry this took so long but I've been very busy lately. I hope you guys enjoyed it ^^ Tell me what you think in the comments!Kitty :3~


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

[This page is barely readable. The corners are ripped and the page itself is barely hanging onto the book. The writing is done in pen, the words smudged and some of them unreadable. The signiture at the bottom of the page is almost comepletely blackened. There are small teardrops littered aross the page, most likely what smudged the words.]

September 16, 2008

   My mum found out about me and Za-. She saw us tog-her last night leaving my be-om. It was hor-ble. She made me c-fess everything. Fr-m the first kiss, to the last. I -ver told her that I had spoke. She would never get to h- my voice. Only Zayn. She was fur-us.