He didn't forget me!'  I know that might be silly, or even kind of pathetic, but what he had been saying had really gotten under my skin.  I was beginning to wonder if I actually mattered to anyone, or if I really was as expendable as he said."

"Bruce . . .that's not silly or pathetic.  I'm sorry you ever had reason to doubt it.  I love you.  You matter to me.  I wouldn't be whole without you," Tony said heartbrokenly.  

"Really, Tony?  Because it seems like you had no problem moving on while I was gone.  Is that what took you so long to find me?  Were you too distracted by all the people parading in and out of your bed?  Was saving me just an afterthought?  Was it even your idea, or was it a team mission created by SHIELD?"  Bruce asked, and though his voice wasn't cruel or accusatory his words still wounded Tony deeply.

Bruce seemed to consider the look on Tony's face a moment.  He sat studying the other man cautiously, and then sighed before he spoke again.

"Tony, I love you, and I don't want to hurt you, but I don't know what to do," he said sadly.  "I just don't know if I can trust you."

"Bruce, I . . . I," Tony stammered.  He had no idea what to say.  Anything he could think of seemed not to be enough in light of Bruce's revelation.

There was nothing he could say, so he left the bedroom and walked into the kitchen.  Then he silently prepared the oatmeal.  

When it was ready, he put in a dish and added raisins and milk.  Pairing the bowl with a spoon, he brought it back into the the bedroom where Bruce was still sitting stiffly on the bed.

"I made you some oatmeal.  You haven't eaten yet, so you should probably try to eat it," he said softly as he set the food on the nightstand.  

He looked down and sighed before he continued, "I get that you need your space, and I'm going to give it to you. 

 Let JARVIS know if you need anything from me, and please let one of the others come up here and help take care of you.  You haven't fully recovered yet, and I would feel better if you weren't alone."

Bruce nodded grimly, and Tony turned to leave.  He rushed out of Bruce's apartment without seeming to hurry and clambered into the elevator.  Once the doors shut, and he was sure he was alone, he finally let down his mask of calm and slipped down one of the walls to floor, sobbing bitterly.

Bruce watched Tony leave with a mix of emotions.  A small part of him was relieved, because he thought maybe some space would help him sort out his mixed-up feelings.  Right now he couldn't look at Tony without feeling hurt and betrayed, and he knew that was getting them both nowhere.  

Another part of him felt guilty as he watched Tony calmly set down the breakfast food and quickly, but not too quickly, leave.  Everything action was so measured and practiced that Bruce knew Tony was hiding just how hurt and upset he really was.  

Then there was the large part of him that was disappointed Tony hadn't pressed harder, and had just left.  He knew he had no right to be upset.  He had said he needed space earlier, and all but asked him to leave again.  It shouldn't be a surprise that Tony had left, but he guessed on some level he was hoping that Tony would make good on his promise from earlier that morning; the one he had made before his world had been turned upsidedown.  (Even now he could hear, 'I'm going to take care of you, so get used to it.  I don't care if that means sometimes I get punched in the face.  I just want to be here for you.' echoing in his ears.  Apparently Tony's promise only applied to physical confrontations and not emotional ones.)

Bruce sighed.  He knew he was being unreasonable, but he couldn't help it.  He had been such a mess of emotions since he had returned to the Tower, and this had only made things worse.  

Then he looked over at the bowl of oatmeal getting cold on the nightstand, and he was flooded with a new set of emotions.  The most overwhelming of which was fondness.  He thought back on all the failed attempts that Tony had made at creating the simple breakfast food after he learned that Bruce found the bland food comforting after a hulk-out.  It was quite amusing how Tony could be one of the smartest men on the planet, but he found making oatmeal to be difficult.  Still, he had approached the task with dogged determination, and eventually he had succeeded.  

Once Tony had mastered the skill, he began making Bruce a warm bowl of oatmeal each time he transformed.  Then he would mother-hen him into eating