have. You continued for literal hours on end, pausing only for breath. It was boring, but it worked out in the end, sort of. You got him to do what you wanted and all (you can't even remember what it was now; the act of convincing him seems to have taken priority in your memory), but he gave you the silent treatment for the next several days. While admittedly it was pretty cool in a surreal and vaguely disturbing way to have a silent Karkat (who knew that was even possible?), it was also really boring and kind of awkward. You don't really want to have to go through that again, but come on. This is snow you're talking about. Some things are just worth the sacrifice.

 

“...Fine, I'll look. However! Let it be known that I am not in any way falling for your prank. I do not believe at all there is anything of note outside of that window, and I am only looking for the sake of my fucking peace of mind. Don't derive any sense of glory from this, because you are far from victorious, capisce?” You roll your eyes in a way almost as exaggerated as this whole exchange has been.

 

“Yeah yeah, I get it. O, great and mighty Karkat, our lord and master, I once again have displayed blatant folly in your presence. How dare I, a mere mortal, ever even consider attempting to outsmart you? O, foolish, foolish me!”

 

“Damn right.” He marks his place in his book and puts it aside, rising and making his way over to you with a quick and irritable step. “Let's just get this over wi-- ...oh.” Karkat's look of annoyance fades when he reaches the window, his eyes growing large and thoughtful as he gazed upon the flakes gently falling from the sky and blanketing the earth in white. “Oh, wow.” His voice is soft now, and he hesitantly raises a hand, almost but not quite touching the window as if the beautiful illusion could shatter at the slightest provocation. You love when he gets like this, all that anger and defensiveness falling away to show a kinder, gentle Karkat, the Karkat that loves cuddling and romance movies and who knows how to make even the lightest kisses make you feel light-headed and just dizzy with affection. It's like he's a crab, and he's removed his shell to show the delicious, rich meat within (okay, maybe that wasn't the best metaphor, but it works, you guess). “It's beautiful.”

 

“I told you,” you say smugly, but not that smug. You don't want to be too obnoxious and make him all grumpy again. He flips you off without even glancing at you. You have the best boyfriend in the world. “Wanna go outside and experience it firsthand?” He seems to turn in slow motion to look at you, and you have to bite your lip to hold in your laughter. He's gazing at you with this solemn, reverent look like you just revealed the secrets of the universe or something; what a dork.

 

“Fuck yes I do.” Book now forgotten, he practically sprints to the front door and you just barely manage to catch him by the collar of his shirt (your shirt, actually. You have both long since realized that green is most certainly not his color, but he wears your slime ghost shirt every once in a while anyway. You think it's because of your smell or something? Trolls are weird). He let's out a strangled choking noise before turning on you. Oops, Grumpy Kat is back again in full force. “What the fuck is it now?”

 

“Dude, didn't you hear me? Snow is frozen rain, as in it's cold as balls out there. You can't go in a t-shirt! You gotta get a coat and scarf and mittens and stuff.” If he was someone else, you might have let him run out there and get the surprise of how freezing it is as a prank of sorts, but being an alien from a hot climate and all, his body probably isn't built for the cold. A practical joke just isn't fun if someone actually gets hurt or sick from it.

 

“But....” Ah, there's your gentle Karkat again, eyes flicking towards the window longingly. You giggle and kiss him lightly on the nose, pulling back to throw him one of those grins he says are “suffocatingly handsome and charming, yet remarkably stupid all at once”.

 

“Relax, dude. It'll only take a minute, and then you can frolic about in the icy flakes as long as you want.”

 

“I. What. I do not frolic, that is some class A bullshit right there.”

 

“Whatever you say, Kitkat~-- ow hey jeez no biting, I thought we talked about this.”

 

“We did. We also talked about how you aren't allowed to