went by. "Too bad. View's all mine then, innit?" She grinned as she ran off to join the other two women.


Bull growled low in his throat. Cheeky brat. He'd have to get revenge somehow later. Maybe a nice, fat spider in Sera's bedroll?


When the Inquisitor returned, all pink and freshly-scrubbed, her short platinum hair still wet from her bath, Bull gave her a private smirk. "Next time," he told her matter-of-factly, "I get to watch."


Her cheeks pinked even more. "You want to watch me bathe?" she said, like she couldn't believe it. "Why?"


"You, all wet and naked? Touching yourself all over? Why wouldn't I want to see that?"


She brushed at the damp bangs getting into her eyes, frowning slightly. "You and your perversions," she said, but her lips tiptilted to one side to show she was joking.


When Sera and Vivienne returned (and really, Sera's shit-eating grin was just too much), Bull went to find the stream himself. Sure, blood and gore all over might terrify the enemy, but it got all sticky and itchy after a while. It'd be a relief to feel clean again, at least until the next fight.


The stream beckoned, silvery and fresh. It was too shallow for a really good soak, and too cold besides, but Bull managed to make do. He splashed himself down and scrubbed at all the flaky stubborn bits, idly taking stock as his fingers brushed old scars. Each one was a memory; most of them weren't pleasant, but he lived with them and did his best to make some kind of peace. At least the Inquisitor didn't seem to mind his battle-scarred hide; she'd trace them with those delicate fingertips, follow up with lips and tongue, make Bull feel whole again.


Damn, had this ever gone farther than he'd expected. He'd thought to show her a good time, help her relieve some stress... Have a good fuck, yeah. And now here he was, thinking longingly of her fingers and her lips and feeling like his heart was too full to hold it all.


Dangerous. Qunari don't fuck for love, he reminded himself. But what exactly was this, then?


He finished scrubbing behind his ears (Viv would check, and he'd never hear the end of it if she found dirt behind his ears) and emerged from the stream, letting the water trail down his bare chest. A sound on his blind side had him spinning around, reaching for his axe--


There sat Avrinne, in a patch of elfroot, her jacket blending in with all the green. Her eyes were bright as she looked up at him, a little bit awed-- she'd seen the show before, but not with all of nature's majesty to highlight it, he supposed. Her gaze traveled lower, and she blushed, then looked away.


"What a bad girl," Bull chided her. "Sneaking away from camp to catch a glimpse of the Iron Bull? What would people think?"


She shrugged, a tiny smile springing to life on her face. "I told Sera I had to pee."


Bull chuckled. "Well? Like what you see?"


She blushed harder. "You know I do," she told him in a very small voice.


"Mm-hmm." Bull started forward til he was practically standing over her. "And now here you are, in the perfect position to use that pretty pink mouth of yours."


She looked up, took in his growing hardness, and blushed scarlet. "Bull! Someone could-- If we're gone too long, they'll--"


He shrugged. "So? Like they don't already think we're fucking."


She hunched down as if she was trying to be smaller. "I can't believe you're suggesting--"


"I'm not suggesting," Bull said, and he let a little edge creep into his voice. "I'm telling you what's about to happen."


Her spine stiffened a little at that; she couldn't look at him. Her hands fisted in the grass, pulling out green clumps. "I-- I can't--"


Bull reached down, stroked himself; he was getting harder by the second. "Oh, I think you can."


She glanced up and then down, quickly. Her tongue darted out to wet her lips. "I--"


"Get over here," Bull said, voice low, "and suck my cock, girl."


She shivered at that. Something dark and satisfied welled up from the pit of Bull's stomach as she struggled to her knees, already obeying, hands reaching out to encircle him. She made a noise, low in her throat-- she always did, when she touched him there, as if startled anew every time by the size of him, the sheer length and