that seemed very likely, but Joyce had almost managed to convince herself of it when she saw something that sent fear thundering through her. Proof that her unborn granddaughter and the man who was practically her son-in-law were in serious danger. There, on the nightstand, was the amulet Spike needed to keep himself warm.

 


...


 

She was wandering through the halls, trying to find her class, but she couldn’t remember the room number. How long had it been since she’d been to any of her classes anyway? Oh, god, she couldn’t remember. Horrible, sickening dread dropped on her like a two-ton stone. She was going to flunk. She was going to flunk, and her mother was going to be so disappointed, and she was suddenly colder than she had been because she was naked and….

Buffy’s eyes snapped open, and it had to be one of those times when you only thought you’d woken up, because that was the only thing that made any sense. Instead of snuggled up with Spike under an electric blanket, she was in some kind of meadow, the light of a full moon revealing that her skin – the parts that weren’t covered by what looked sort of like a fairytale prince outfit – was covered in short, pale fur. She knew from the weird itchy-but-not feeling that the fur extended under the clothes, too.

And that wasn’t the only weird feeling. There was something…. She quickly surged up to her feet, nearly falling over as she tried to adjust to the change in her balance. She had a tail. A long, sort of scaly tail, but not like a lizard or anything. Oh god, she was some kind of… of rat person thingy. Her hands practically flew up to her face. Normal, other than the fur she could feel against her thankfully fur-free palms. The rest of her head, though…. Her ears stuck out from her head, round, thin, and like stroking delicate velvet.

Okay, I’d really like to wake up now, she thought uneasily. The only dreams she’d ever had that had felt this real were slayer dreams, and whatever this was, it didn’t have the feeling of one of those. But this couldn’t be real.

She couldn’t be a furry rat person randomly in a meadow somewhere. It was just too weird to be real. And being the vampire slayer living on a Hellmouth with the undead boyfriend she’s impregnated twice is oh so normal. Face it, Buff, this is your –

A sound interrupted her thoughts, and she whirled towards it. There was someone else in the meadow with her. A familiar redhead dressed up in a Mickey Mouse style wizard outfit. Or more like Mickey Rat. She had fur, rat ears, and a tail, too.

Willow. Buffy’s hands clenched into fists at her sides. Willow, who was supposed to be safe and pretty much powerless. Who had made all kinds of mistakes with her magic. Who had helped Buffy hold Spike captive when he should have had the freedom to decide what he wanted to do about things going on in his own body. Who had gone crazy with evil power and had done so many terrible things, including trying to erase an innocent little baby.

“What. Have. You. Done?” Buffy demanded through gritted teeth, using all of her willpower to keep from attacking her former best friend.

She felt a trickle of fluid along her hand. Blood from digging her nails into her own flesh. Calm down, Buffy, she told herself. Deep breaths, count to ten. Deep breaths, count to ten. Deep breaths –

“I… I didn’t do anything,” Willow insisted, eyes wide and deceptively innocent.

Part of her wanted to accept that look, to think they’d both just gotten caught up in something weird. But this was magic, and in Buffy’s experience, that usually meant Willow had done something. 

“Did you get mad because someone else was able to change Amy back?” She advanced towards Willow. “Was this some kind of attempt to turn her into a rat again so you could be the one to do it? Did you try to change me?”

She froze as a horrible thought suddenly occurred to her. Oh god. Oh, god, no! She frantically looked around her immediate surroundings before turning in a circle, trying to spot any full rats anywhere. Where was Spike? Had Willow managed to turn him into a rat? What would that do to Aliena? And what about Thursday? She hadn’t been in the room with them, but that didn’t mean she was safe.

She flung herself at Willow, grabbing her by the collar of her wizard robe and shaking her. “What have you done?” she repeated. “Where’s Spike? If you’ve hurt him or the babies, I swear I’ll –”

“Let go!” Willow struggled, but it was nothing to