, not to have something finished poorly even if he disagreed with it. 

For a time, there was nothing but the sound of the pieces 'tck tck'ing on the board and the quiet whirring of systems before Reinhardt spoke up suddenly. “it is not needed you know,” He started, interrupting himself with a 'rook takes pawn' before continuing “Thanks is more then enough. Even Torbjorn would agree.” Granted part might be the dislike of having an omnic indebted to him in any way but he did not mention that bit. “We will take Mondatta's recovering as enough.” He gave Zenyatta a broad smile that was returned by a brightening of the lights on Zenyatta's forehead. 

“You are correct of course, still I find myself unendingly grateful. Now if only he would wake up.” he replied with a hum, taking a bishop in exchange for his lost pawn. “It has not been overly long yet I am impatient, though do not inform my student. He would never let me live such down” he added, lights flickering in delight along with Reinhardt's booming laughter.

Their games were comfortable, small teases and jests amid the soft sounds of machinery offering a welcome respite from the hectic nature of Overwatch itself. The game was at a stall, both sides making very careful moves when Reinhardt looked up suddenly with a “Ooohh?”. Following his gaze, Zenyatta perked up at the faint flickering on Mondatta's forehead and immediately abandoned the game to be followed by Reinhardt. “Is he..?” the big man asked eagerly, hovering a little beside and behind Zenyatta hopefully. There were no eyes to open so he was unsure how to tell if an omnic was awake or not. The flickering lights seemed to be a good indication if nothing else though the fact that nothing else moved was concerning. It was Zenyatta's excited “Brother!” that got the biggest reaction, fingers twitching and making a move as if to rise before they were caught between metal ones. If it were not for Zenyatta sounding excited rather then concerned, Reinhardt might have called for Angela. He should still do so but wanted to give them some time before Mondatta was fussed over, he knew the good doctor to well. “He is awake then? All is well?” He asked, finding himself the target of two seemingly impassive metal faces for his words.

Zenyatta was the easiest to decipher, the lights flickering as bright as he had ever seen them. “Indeed! He is, as you humans would say, groggy but well.” Mondatta's attempt at speech however was more static then words but Zenyatta seemed unconcerned about that as well “Almost well. Nothing that can not be fixed. Do not worry dear Brother Mondatta, all is well. You are safe and this is my good friend, Reinhardt.” An introduction seemed to soothe some of Mondatta's worries as he let himself relax more on the bed, regarding the large man before giving off what seemed to be a series of beeps and clicks. “Omnic speak,” Zenyatta explained, stroking the back of Mondatta's hand as he spoke. “His vocal systems are damaged but he greets you.”

Reinhardt beamed, hands on his hips as he straightened up. “Fantastisch! It is good to see him properly awake and conscious! Alas I fear the time for talk is short, We must inform Angela and she will want to do more tests.” He pointed out. “I shall go and fetch her, slowly so you can explain to him yes?” Waving off Zenyatta's thanks, he turned to Mondatta and lent forwards to gently pat his shoulder. “It is good to properly greet you and I look forward to being able to talk!” He left the room to the odd sounds of clicking and beeps. He hadn't known Omnics had their own language, perhaps it was possible for a human to learn? That would be an interesting challenge!

Sorry this took so long but the next chapter is nearly done so huzzah? ahaa! 

{forgot to post this chapter here like a bad noodle oops}

Getting to the meat of the story, sort of. Getting closer and thus longer chapters anyways!


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Waking again was different. Before his systems had fought him every step of the way, warnings and programs attempting to halt him and his progress to wakefulness. This time, it was...smooth. Almost smoother then he ever recalled it being. It was, however frustratingly, slow. Every system had to run a quick check and one did not realize just how many they had until there was a waiting list. He could not  feel too stressed however as once again, the feeling of Zenyatta returned to his side. Or perhaps he had never left? That seemed more to his brothers attitude. Either way, waking brought Zenyatta to his side and the voice from before once he could register it. Deep, very deep. With an accent perhaps? European he suspected but he was no master of languages to narrow it down. It was pleasant nonetheless and as his optics, finally why were they