camp. He had briefly considered taking out a loan to purchase the property anyway and preserve it as some sort of physical memory of his past, of all the great times he’d had there. By the end of this logic however he decided it would only turn into a monument to this one occasion, a climactic build up to disappointment, a reoccurring reminder of the way chaos can sometimes masquerade as control. Control being something he desperately needed.

It was all beginning to become too much for the counselor: Max’s abandonment, closing down the camp, the imprisonment of his childhood hero, and the prospect of being forced into starting an entirely new life. He could feel the familiar tightness increase in his chest with each vehicle that made its trip down the dirt path away from Camp Campbell for the last time. The tale tell sign of an all too common panic attack creeping closer. One by one the children left with unsympathetic parents in tow, and little in the way of proper goodbyes. Most just gave a quick ‘thanks’ or ‘see you’ before leaving. A few, though, opted for the more conventional half-hearted hug and empty promises to keep in touch. Those made David feel slightly better about the situation, helping to slow his quickening breath even if they were lies. It seemed to him that everyone had already made their true farewells while he and Gwen had attempted to make Max happy at the pizzeria. To prove that there was some good in the world. Though now even David was finding it easier to see Max’s cynical side of things. That was at least one good thing about that day: He’d made Max happy if only for a moment. 

When they had returned to camp everyone made quick exits. Gwen stayed the longest making sure David had it together. She left with a hug and a reminder that everything would be ok. He hoped so anyway.

So this is where they were now: The two of them standing much like they had started the summer, side by side under the camp’s decrepit entryway, looking down the road to the outside world. Only, now it wasn’t a large yellow bus that held their attention but the retreating cars. Their taillights illuminating the trails of fine dirt hanging behind each in the low evening sun.

When the last car had made the turn onto the main road and Nikki’s wild green curls disappeared around the wall of pines, Max’s hand came shamefully out of his hoodie pocket and slipped inside David’s to grab onto the space between the man’s thumb and forefinger. It didn’t squeeze back making Max look up at the counselor thinking he’d been wrong to do something so personal with someone he’d tormented for so long and still expect comforting.

There were a few tears in David’s eyes as he looked down the road. Something unwilling to be denied squeezed his hand repeatedly. He wasn’t paying attention and snapped out of his stupor to look at the boy dumbly. When he saw that it was Max who had grasped ahold of him there was a brief moment of confusion. Not an hour ago the boy had threatened death at the quick embrace he’d given David outside the restaurant. Now he was openly holding his hand looking defiant, but behind that was the vulnerability David knew to look for when determining if Max was serious in a situation. The boy’s face said indifference but his eyes looked terrified. David hated that look, especially on his favorite camper. Ex-camper he supposed which tightened his throat again but suppressed it. He was angry, a word he hardly ever used to describe himself, at the world for putting Max in these circumstances; but the way Max held onto him quickly changed anger to concern as he closed his fingers around Max’s. Despite the weak sobs he was happy to have someone here making the moment feel not as lonely. 

“What’s going to happen now?” Max asked looking on the verge of not necessarily crying but emoting more than he’d want.

David knew that question was coming but it didn’t lessen his inability to answer it. He wasn’t about to lie to Max over something this serious, but that didn’t mean he had to be cold about it. He would break it as easily as possible. Break Max as easily as possible. 

“Well,” he said kneeling down so that they were at eye level and doing an alright job of returning that signature smile. “Max, we had to make a phone call… to people who can help you. People who specialize in this sort of… thing.” He paused not wanting to go too fast and allowing Max to share his feelings.

To Max’s credit he didn’t look as taken aback as David had anticipated. Once again defying expectations. If anything he looked annoyed. “No shit David. I’m not stupid.” He stepped back from the man and gestured around. “I meant what are we gonna do while we wait?” 

The counselor had been instructed to remain with Max until a