Louis’ mouth with force, and Louis trying to look up at Liam to see the way he’s biting his lip to stifle his slight gasps of pleasure. Louis is moaning openly at the way Liam is tugging on his hair, the sound muffled by Liam’s cock but still obvious in the otherwise quiet room.

“Fuck, don’t come,” He hears the girl say, before Liam slows down and finally stops, pulling himself out of Louis’ mouth. Louis hopes Liam didn’t notice the way Louis instantly moved his head forwards to try and suck him again – at least he didn’t say anything.

Louis is sure he looks like an absolute mess, he just knows his lips are red and blown up, his hair is fucked and he can feel the slight tears at the corners of his eyes. By all means, he looks fucked out – and nobody’s even touched his dick yet.

“What do you want to do now, Shannen?” Liam asks, finally allowing Louis to learn this girl’s name without having the awkward ‘hey so I know I just joined in and started a threeway with you and my best friend–slash–roommate but like, what’s your name?’ conversation, which is a life saver.

Shannen leans back on her elbows, looking over at Louis who is still knelt on the floor looking like a lost puppy, “I want to get his mouth on me,” she says, motioning for Louis to come over to her.

He gets up straight away, letting her move up the bed before setting himself between her legs. Liam gets on the bed beside them, his hand cupping Shannen’s breast and tugging softly at one of her nipple piercings. Louis feels her breathing hitch, but she still presses him down between her legs with a hand on his shoulder, much like how Liam had done to him earlier.

“But Liam?” she says, waiting for said man’s hum of approval, “Louis hasn’t had anything yet so why don’t you work on him while he does me? Louis, get up on your knees, honey.”

Louis swears he stops breathing, going still for a millisecond before doing as she asks arching his back up so his arse is pushed out. He pretends like he’s not completely losing his shit over the possibility of Liam touching him and licks over her clit.

“Not yet Lou,” she twists her hand in his hair and pulls him up, causing Louis to gasp, “oh, he likes that a lot,” she says under her breath, smirking. “What do you want Liam to do for you, Louis?”

She tugs his hair again, causing him to gasp out a ‘fuck!’ which makes her smirk grow even wider, if that’s even possible. “You want him to fuck you?” Shannen asks, and even though Louis knows he didn’t say it and to keep his and Liam’s relationship in any way normal he should probably deny it but – it’s what he was thinking, and it’s what he knows he wants to happen, so he just stays silent, hoping Liam doesn’t just pick him up and kick him out of the apartment to never be seen again. Shannon picks up on his silence and lets out a little huff of annoyance, “Liam, do you want to fuck Louis?” His heart has stopped – like, there’s honestly no way he’s alive right now. Liam is going to realise that this is Too Gay™ and it’s all over for Louis – and probably Shannen too, she seems completely into it.

Instead, Liam nods and kneels behind Louis, reaching for lube that he had sitting on the nightstand since before Louis interrupted him and Shannen, probably. It’s at this moment that Louis realises his breathing has picked up like, a lot, and Shannen can probably feel it on her cunt, which his face is still hovering above. It’s kind of weird that he can actually kind of hear Liam pouring lube onto his fingers which will soon be Up Louis’ Ass, let alone that some of it is dripping onto the dip of Louis’ spine – which really isn’t necessary considering it’s probably more lube than any guy Louis’ been with like this has ever used, but it’s nice that Liam cares. He decides to say as much.

“S’okay Li, don’t need that much,” Louis says quietly, squeezing his eyes shut. It’s the first like, proper sentence that Louis has actually said in this wild situation and he can hear Liam click the lid and throw the lube back onto the mattress.

It’s completely overwhelming when he feels Liam’s hands on his arse, spreading him so he can get Louis ready to be fucked – to be fucked by Liam! – he grabs Shannen’s thighs, trying to distract himself before he embarrasses himself by coming before he’s even properly touched at all. Liam must see Louis’ hands move, because he