He.Fucking.Tased.Him.

Shinichi could not believe it. The nerve that stupid phantom thief had to actually knock him unconscious with a stupid taser-gun. Now, how was this playing fair?

To say he was pissed was an understatement. However, he kept all of it inside, waiting for the perfect moment to strike back. And what a great satisfaction it was, to actually see that annoying thief breaking a sweat when he realized that Conan was awake and very aware of who he was disguised as.

"Mosquito sound."

That was all it took for him to see one Kaitou KID slowly losing his Poker Face. Priceless, he thought to himself, while continuing with his boring explanation.

"You played the sounds only children could hear in order to instruct them on the order of the pedestals."

Honestly, the trick for tonight's show was way too simple to Shinichi's liking. No wonder KID decided his miniature-self should be the one out cold during the entire heist.

"His plan was to pretend to take me to the hospital after I was knocked out by the stun gun and then slip away with the jewel from there."

As Shinichi took out the golden horn from his parka hood and showed it to Jirokichi Suzuki, he kept on glancing towards KID, brow furrowed in quick thinking. He obviously just gave the most plausible explanation to why KID had tased him during the heist.

But something still felt off.

If KID was to take one of the kids to the hospital, why did he choose his annoying rival? Fair enough, KID wasn't likely to tase the girls… but that left Genta and Mitsuhiko. Well, maybe just Mitsuhiko, as Genta was heavier than any normal teenager.

Realizing that his thinking was leading him nowhere, because let's face it, KID just didn't make sense at all most of the time, Shinichi simply sigh, accepting that the thief knocked him out simply because he would be the most troublesome of them to go after him. And maybe because… He mentally slapped himself, fighting the sudden heat he could feel rising on his cheeks. No ways was he letting his thoughts wander on such dangerous grounds… Especially not when KID was still around.

Besides… Shinichi was technically still pissed at him. Yes, stick to being mad, he said to himself.

"OPEN THE DOOR!"

After the ruckus made by the real Nakamori-keibu, somehow the whole situation got out of hand and as usual, KID managed to disappear out of thin air. Except for the one mistake he made while dressing up as Genta – although Shinichi was pretty sure the thief's done it on purpose – and Conan raced back inside to find an empty hole and a Kaitou KID whispering to him like a close friend.

"I'll return this to you. It's not the jewel I'm seeking anyway."


Then, which is it you're seeking, damn thief?


To say Shinichi wasn't surprised KID already managed to snatch the jewel from his hoodie would be lying. Then again, he did not really mind that much.

"You knocked me out with a damn taser, idiot."

To which he only got a small laugh in reply.

"Sorry, sorry. Though I did want to take you to a hospital… But you woke up."

KID gave him a sad, disappointed look, so far from his usual Poker Face that Shinichi's heart skipped a beat. God, this phantom thief was working on his nerves. And so damn casually at that. I hate him.

"Where's Genta?"

"Your friend's sound asleep down there. Though I took his jacket off."

"You just wanted to prove you could disguise as a kid, wasn't it?"

"Bingo!"

"And how do you plan on escaping now?"

"My, Tantei-kun, you should know by now… nothing's impossible for Kaitou KID."

KID leaned slightly towards Shinichi, his grin ever so wide while putting a blue rose in the child's hand. He leaned in a bit more, eyes glimmering with mischief, his lips brushing quickly on the not-so-little detective's ones.

"See you around…" he purred while exiting the hall.

…  Did he just?

"You forgot something." Shinichi replied, his voice unsteady and a blush on his face.

And Shinichi quickly directed one powerful soccer ball kick – ten times amplified – to the phantom thief's back, making sure he sees him fly.

"That squad member is KID!" he shouted, a huge smile on his still heated face.

He did not really want the police to catch Kaitou KID. But how great it felt to see the damn thief running for his life in the forest.

"Later, KID…" he whispered a smug look on his face.

He was no longer pissed. And it was with a small but fond smile that he picked up that damn blue rose he just received from that damn phantom thief.

The next KID's heist could not come soon enough. 

 

THE END