shoulder before his body followed in suit.

It was Hinata.

The letter fell from Kageyama's hands.

“Kageyama?”

He was speechless. Kageyama's blank gaze trailed across his teammate's face. Those brown eyes, full of life, that damned messy orange hair.

And yet, Kageyama couldn't help himself but feel drawn to the shorter male, somehow.

“Kageyama...?” Hinata repeated, clearing his throat.

“Y-Yeah?” Kageyama said, coughing a few times himself. He leaned down and picked up the letter, crumpling it up and stuffing it into his pocket. He then turned his attention to his locker, feeling his face go a little pink as Hinata spoke back up again.

“Listen, I, uhm... Are you busy after school today...?”

“No,” Kageyama replied quickly.

“I see...”

There was an awkward silence between the two of them. Kageyama checked and double checked his bag, fidgeting awkwardly and shuffling about the contents on the inside of it. He didn't want to speak up first, to mention the note, but at the same time he didn't want it to be Hinata who wrote it.


Did he really write this?


“Do you wanna hang out?” Hinata's voice was wavering. “I... kinda want to tell you something back at my house - ”

“Just tell me here,” Kageyama interrupted him, closing his locker door, spinning the lock on it. He didn't make sure it was completely closed. The teen rested his head against the cold metal, closing his eyes. His heart rate increased, heating up his face, and the metal didn't help him cool down.

“I... like you,” Hinata said. Kageyama jumped when he heard skin slapping against skin, turning around to look at what happened.

Hinata's face was as red as a tomato; he had slapped his hands between his face, squishing his cheeks together.

“What was that?” Kageyama's stomach flipped. He couldn't just tell Hinata off, no, he wasn't like any random girl. He was his teammate, his partner in volleyball. It would have horrible, horrible repercussions to the entire team. No, Kageyama had to be calm about this, and taking a deep breath he spoke up again. “What did you say?”

“I-I... I said I like you!” Hinata blurted out between his smushed lips. His eyes were barely open, watering a little even.

“Okay.”

The reaction didn't seem to suit Hinata too well.

“Wh-What do you mean okay?! You idiot!”

“What do you want me to say?”

“Do you like me back?!”

“I like you, but, maybe not the way you're thinking.”

“O-Oh...” Hinata's hands moved to his sides, face falling to the floor sadly.

Tch. Kageyama brought a hand of his own up into Hinata's hair, patting the shorter teen. “Idiot. Let's go back to your house and talk this over.”

With those easy words, it seemed to cheer the ginger right back up. His face lit into excitement – a wide smile plastered across it with wide, gleaming eyes – and he grabbed Kageyama's hand, leading them both towards the school exit.

“H-Hey, slow down!” Kageyama complained, stumbling, just barely keeping up.

He swore he saw someone else in the corner of his vision.

 

Kageyama opened his eyes slowly, chest rising and falling in several deep breaths. He stared up at the ceiling of Hinata's bedroom, arms hanging off the side of the other teen's bed. What just happened? repeated over and over in his thoughts, but he knew exactly what had happened.

They got back to Hinata's place, no one else home. Hinata confessed his feelings to him, and after talking it over a bit, Kageyama said he would go along with it. Something was off about his friend, though, something that he had never even heard or seen him act like before. His words were soothing to his ears, his heart fluttering with each little smile and laugh that Hinata gave off. They were magical, and Kageyama quickly got drunk on it.

What happened after that was what he was still trying to process.

It was fast, too fast for him. Kageyama wound up on Hinata's bed, naked, and underneath the other, who was still fully clothed. He felt himself being worked over, two lubed fingers at first, and something excruciatingly cold afterwards entering him – he had no idea where Hinata even got the ice from. It made his eyes roll into the back of his skull, his back arch against Hinata's loving touches.

They were all gentle at first, and it hit just the right spots on his skin, but Hinata soon picked up into something powerful and rough, something that Kageyama would've never expected from such a short person. It probably would've been quite comical to someone else, seeing a