and he climbs a little bit, breathing, staring at the man.

The blizzard had gone all night, and the only reason he's out this high today is because the skies cleared after dropping all that snow down. There's no way a human could have scaled the mountain overnight, and that leaves the option of getting into the ravine before the blizzard, and lasting through it - 

He hopes they're looking for a survivor. From the way Steve said the words he thinks they are.

"I'll help you look," Sam says, coming back down. "How much further ahead?"

"Not far," Steve says, trudging onwards. He looks towards Sam again. "...Thank you."

Sam nods, opting not to ask for the whole story, instead providing silent company on the slow flight up to a sudden drop-off.

Steve almost steps into the very ravine he's looking for, and Sam darts around and down and up, shoving Steve bodily back into the snow, awkwardly hopping off of him and sitting in the snow, his pulse pounding in his ears, heat in contrast to the chill settling into his bones.

"Not doing that again," Sam says, before struggling up, wing brushing Steve's arm on accident as he shoves past him to the ledge, hopping off himself, flapping his wings and rising up, circling around to hover. "So what's the plan?"

Steve looks at him, eyes bleary from exhaustion, and he leans out, scanning the ravine. "...We start looking. He fell somewhere around here."

"Don't you dare fall," Sam says. "I'll scan the bottom. See if I can't find any sign of him."

"Thanks," Steve says, and he crouches, scanning the ravine as he undoes the strings holding his hood up, wind immediately raking it back.

"Anything in particular I should look for?" Sam asks. "Does he know we're coming?"

Steve shakes his head, pain crossing his face, and Sam's stomach drops out from under him.

"I don't know if he made it," Steve says, a hitch in his voice, and Sam comes closer.

"When did he fall?" Sam asks, blunt. He knows that kind of grief. It's the kind that makes him worry, especially now that there's a life-threatening drop right there. He hopes Steve isn't out here to jump, but he doesn't know Steve.

"Last night," Steve says.

Sam lands in front of Steve, awkwardly standing on flat, snowy ground, and he reaches out, resting the arm of his wing on Steve's shoulder.

"We won't find anything before you freeze," he says.

"I have to try."

"No, you don't. The snow was coming down in buckets, so wherever he fell, he's gone. You need to get out of here and warm up, Steve."

He doesn't have the dexterity needed to get that hood back up over Steve's head, but he keeps his eyes locked on Steve's, and waits until the man nods.

"Good," Sam says, and he pulls his wing back. "Get that hood up and turn around. I'll give you a ride down."

Steve looks at him for a long moment, then smiles. It's weak, tired, not all there - but it's real gratitude, and he pulls himself up, pulling the hood back on.

Sam looks around, then gets into the air again via the ledge, testing the wind before steeling himself and flying down, taking hold of Steve's shoulders. "Grab on," he says, and Steve reaches up, holding onto his ankles with an iron grip. "Think light thoughts. Light thoughts."

He doesn't wait for an answer, beginning to beat his wings harder, regretting ever offering this - Steve's the opposite of light, it's like trying to carry an entire stag, something only greedy fools do, but at least - at least he's not struggling.

They make it into the air, rising up until Sam's sure Steve's boots won't catch in the snow, and now - now it gets a little easier. It's all downhill from here, and Sam might strain something, but he begins the flight, winging it for somewhere, anywhere to land that won't be high up on a mountainside.

-

The only thing Steve thinks the whole way down is that his first impression was spot-on, that the winged figure descending from the light was an angel. It's not something to admit in casual company, harpies being what they are - but right now Steve could care less, watching the snow fly past.

He thinks about Bucky; has to close his eyes. He's not falling, he's flying. Bucky - it's not the same thing. At the bottom he