shuddered.

"Hallelujah! We've made contact!" Jared waved his hands in the air in mock celebration.

"Huh?" Evan managed to look up at Jared with bewilderment streaked across his face.

"Get your shit together, bud, I want out of here before all the pizza in the cafeteria's gone."

"Language, Kleinman," Miss Moore perked up from the front of the classroom whilst gathering her own belongings.

Jared held up his hands in defence with an apologetic grin that disappeared when he turned back to Evan. Evan had not moved an inch and was still staring up at him, eyes glazed. With a roll of his eyes and an aggravated groan, Jared hopped off of the desk and unzipped Evan's bag.

"Get your head out of the clouds, Hansen, do you wanna go eat or not?" the teen asked as he stood back up after packing away Evan's things.

"I don't think I can eat anything," Evan was barely audible, but managed to stand up at the exact moment Jared pulled the chair out from underneath him. Jared mentally cursed himself for not thinking of that sooner. Next time.

"Well, you gotta. Lord knows you won't order anything to eat when you get home tonight and Heidi would give me one of her I'm not angry I'm just disappointed looks if she found out I didn't get you to eat anything," Jared realised it almost sounded as if he cared and quickly took care of the matter by thrusting Evan's backpack against the boy's chest, "Now come on. I'm so hungry I could eat ten dicks."

"Kleinman!"

Jared gave Miss Moore another apologetic grin as he led the way out of the classroom, a still dazed looking Evan in tow. 

How could he be paired with Connor? The absolute last person he would ever want to work with. Evan was probably the absolute last person Connor wanted to work with as well. Saying that, the last time Evan had actually seen Connor work with anyone was when Alana had to do a presentation on Huckleberry Finn with him and he had changed the name to something a little less appropriate. A lot less appropriate. If it was not for the fact that Alana had actually done an amazing job on the project, everyone would have guessed the A she got for her grade was purely down to sympathy.

"Hey, buddy, you in there?"

The sound of Jared leaning up against the lockers with a thud brought Evan back to the present. He had been so lost in his own thoughts that he did not even realise they had walked out of the classroom and down the hallway, all the way to Evan's locker that was right next to the toilets. He also had not heard a word Jared had been saying apparently.

"S-sorry, what?"

Jared rolled his eyes. "I said trust you to get paired with satan incarnate literally the day after you told him to cut his shit out. Remarkable."

"I did not tell him to cut his shit out, Jared. I politely asked him to turn off his music," Evan shuddered at the memory as he unzipped his backpack and took out some books to put in to his locker. His posture was bad enough as it was without having to carry around extra weight.

“Yeah? And look where that got you.”

Evan’s hand froze on the padlock, the combination stuck somewhere in his brain. He blinked. "What am I going to do?"

"You're gonna go back in there and tell her that you can't work with Connor," Jared nudged Evan aside and twisted in the right combination for the lock, "Just say you'll work on your own or ask if you can get put in with someone else's group."

"No no no, I can't do that," Evan shook his head as Jared returned to leaning against the lockers, one foot pressed up against them and his arms crossed- the epitome of high school coolness, "I can't do that. She's already assigned the groups and I don't want to join another group and I can't work on my own because that means I'll have left Connor on his own and not only does that mean that I'll have to work on the project by myself and do all the work by myself- which I'll probably be doing anyway, meaning I'm going to fail either way- it means that Connor will have to do the project on his own and it's a lot of work and you know he won't do it, Jared. And then he'll fail and he'll fail because of me and he'll blame me and he'll hate me even more than he hates me now and that's already more than I can handle. That's a lot of hate Jared. I can't handle that much hate. He hates me."

Jared cocked an eyebrow as he marvelled at the speed of Evan's rambling