it anyway? Humor me. "

Cas sighed. "Okay, Dean. If you insist." He took his coat off and laid it on the chair like Dean had done. Dean was standing facing the wall. He had his hand on his neck. "What are you doing, Dean...Maybe he's not ready for all this."

Dean turned and was startled to see Cas standing right behind him. His breath caught. "Cas, what are you doing?"

Cas stared intently at him. "I felt your longing. For... Me."

Dean inhaled and exhaled deeply. "Longing? Yeah... Okay. Cas, come sit over here. Okay?"

Dean led him to the bed and sat down next to him. Dean was nervous. He couldn't recall the last time he had been nervous making a move on someone. But this wasn't just someone, this was Cas. Dean didn't want to screw this up. He turned to face Cas on the bed. "Cas. I'm gonna try something, alright. And, don't blink out on me, okay?"

Cas ran his eyes over Dean's face, studying, seeking to understand. "Alright, Dean."

Dean loosened Cas' tie and took it off. Cas watched his movements, but he didn't move. Dean slowly unbuttoned Cas' shirt. Cas took an intake of breath. "Is this okay, Cas?" Dean questioned. Cas nodded. Dean slid his hand inside Cas' shirt, running his hand up his chest. 

Cas sat up straighter on the bed, his breathing unsteady. "Dean?" he questioned.

Dean looked into Cas' eyes. "Do you like how this feels, Cas? Do you like when I touch you?"

Cas' face looked strained. "It is pleasant, but it makes me uncomfortable in other areas." He slid his hand over his groin and rubbed.

Dean bit his lip at the sight of Cas rubbing himself. He was breathless when he said, "I can help with that, too. In a minute, alright?"

Dean touched Cas' face; he leaned in and brushed his lips over Cas'. Cas looked startled, but he didn't blink out so Dean took that as a good sign. He brushed his lips again. Then he whispered, "Open your mouth for me, Cas." Cas did, and Dean deepened the kiss. Cas' hands were at his side, and he was gripping the comforter. Dean sat back. He ran his hands over his eyes. "What am I doing?" He got up, running his hand across his mouth. "You're not ready for all this." He turned back to apologize, and Cas was standing right there.

Cas reached his hands out. "So, if I like this, I'm supposed to touch you? Like this?" He slid his hands up the front of Dean's shirt, pushing him against the wall.

Dean wet his lips. "Uhm...yeah." 

Cas nodded and stepped closer to Dean, one hand sliding behind his back. Cas asked, "And then, I...kiss you? Like the pizza man?"

Dean was enthralled. "Uhm...yeah...sure."

Cas stepped in and pressed his body against Dean's. His hands slid around his waist to pull him close. He kissed Dean, opening his mouth, and slowly his tongue slid into Dean's mouth. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' shoulders and his tongue met Cas'. They intertwined and came apart. Massaged over each other. Cas moaned and it startled him. He stepped back from the kiss. "I...liked that...very much."

Dean panted. "Me too, Cas. There's...more we can do. If you want?"

Cas' eyes were bright. "Yes. Show me."

"Okay. I can't show you everything tonight, but I can help with your cock being uncomfortable."

Cas rubbed his groin again. "And this? Is my 'cock'?"

Something about Cas saying the word made Dean even hotter then he already was. "Yeah. That's right."

Dean led him to the bed and had him lie back. He took off his shirt and stretched out his body to cover Cas'. He ran his hand through Cas hair and kissed him. Cas' arms came up to wrap around him. Dean shifted, kissing along Cas' jawline and down his neck. He spread his shirt open and kissed his chest. Cas was breathing heavily. "Dean, this doesn't seem to be helping my cock. It is just getting tighter."

Dean kissed down his stomach. "I'm getting there, Cas. Don't worry." He continued down till he reached Cas' waistband. He looked up at Cas. "I'm gonna take these off now, okay?"

Cas nodded and watched Dean. Dean slid his pants and boxers off. He pushed them down to pool at his feet. Cas' cock was hard and standing erect