her eye—deep greens and blues, a lavender reminiscent of her eyes, a swath of stunning scarlet silk—and by her expression, Vivienne approves of her choices. 



The new day-to-day clothing that she needs is part of the stock of clothing the seamstress keeps half-made, but it needs to be finished and tailored. Cosette bustles Tamsin into muslin shells, measures, marks, and pins, and then eases it off over her head without sticking Tamsin with a single pin. 



“I will have these taken in by midday tomorrow, madam,” she says as she accompanies them to the door. “I presume you will pick them up on your way out of town?”



“Yes. Thank you, Cosette.” Vivienne leans in and the women exchange cheek kisses again, and then they are on the street, which is flaming scarlet from the setting sun. 



“Let us retire for the evening,” Vivienne suggests. “Darling, you look exhausted.”



“Me?” Tamsin glances up at her, and nods slowly. “Yeah. This was a long day.”



“Was it a good day?” Josephine asks. 



“Yes,” Tamsin replies firmly. 



“And were we right? Was this necessary?” Dorian needles. Tamsin gives him a look.



“I’ve yet to decide.”



“Oh, come on, now you’re just stalling.”



“Perhaps.” She smiles sweetly at him. “But I learned from the best.”


 

'Vêtement' is French for 'clothing', singular. Aren't I delightfully clever?


They dine in that night, on rich Orlesian food that leaves Tamsin wonderfully, painfully full. They all find their way to the sitting room after dinner, where a servant employed by the house’s owners—who are at their summer estate—serves delicious amber whiskey and small sweets. Tamsin fishes a book out of the pile of purchases from earlier that day and settles in front of the fire, eschewing the chairs for the plush carpet. Dorian joins her in reading, though he opts for a chair, and Josephine works on some overdue correspondence while Vivienne does… something. It looks like she’s writing in a journal, but that seems so strange that Tamsin rather thinks she may as well be plotting her takeover of the country. 



“You were right,” she says eventually, breaking the comfortable silence that has reigned for a while. Her companions look up, some faster than others; Dorian is the last to look up, as he must finish the line he is on and place his finger to mark his place, first. 



“About what?” he asks.



“About this being necessary.” Tamsin rolls her shoulders, delighting in the shift of her shirt, heated by the fire, against her back. 



“I’m sorry, I’m afraid I didn't catch that,” Dorian says, leaning forward and cupping one hand around his ear. 



“You were right,” she sighs, and he positively beams.



“I could get used to hearing that.”



“You do not need another false inflation of your cosmic ego, my dear,” Vivienne purred. 



“What do you mean, Tamsin?” Josephine asks. When they’re not in the presence of outsiders, she seems perfectly content to forgo Tamsin’s title for a time.



“I didn’t know how hard I was pushing myself. I was getting things done, and I thought that was enough. But this…” she gestures with one hand to them, to the sitting room, to the lights of Orlais outside their window. “This is wonderful. Thank you.”



“Of course, my dear,” Vivienne said, and her voice sounded almost gentle. “Your face is lighter than it has been in weeks. I must say this was a good idea.”



“It was your idea,” Dorian points out. 



“Yes, and it was a good idea,” she replies smoothly, and Tamsin smiles happily and returns to her book. 



She sleeps on a bed that is almost too soft, but she wakes more rested than she has been for weeks. It takes her until she is walking downstairs to join her companions for breakfast to realize that she watched herself in the mirror while braiding her hair, and was pleased with what she saw. The realization sets a small bubble of joy in her chest that warms her from the inside out. 



“Tamsin,” Dorian says over breakfast, “You are glowing. I cannot wait to see how radiant you become once we get your new clothes.”



“Thank you, Dorian.” Tamsin reaches up to touch her braid, and pulls a free lock of silver hair through her fingers. “It… I’m happy.”



“It is not at all apparent,” he replies, but there is no sarcasm in his voice, and when Tamsin meets his eyes, his expression is gentle and affectionate. She makes a face at him, and he laughs. “And the radiant creature vanishes, replaced by the gremlin that we all know and love.”



Vivienne sighs. “Inquisitor, kindly do not throw your biscuits."


 


Cosette lights up like a magelight