should have been his first tip-off.

"I wasn't going to say anything," said Sheppard. And insincerely, "I am a little hurt, though."

"Obviously we have to figure out what he is and what he's doing here," said Rodney.

"He could have come from an alternate timeline," Zelenka called. "Like Rod." Was that the hint of a dreamy sigh? Rodney scowled.

"Well, he can't be one of those clones," said Sheppard, getting into it. "We saw what happened to them."

"Yeah, but we don't know how many actual clones have been built; there could be others. And it's possible the Replicators themselves have figured out how to--oh, shit!" Rodney screeched, and leapt through the open bay door and out into the safety of the hangar. While Sheppard, or whatever he was, was still confused by this sudden about face, Rodney ordered quickly, "Zelenka, I'm going to need you to very carefully step away from the conduits and join me for a conference out here on, um, very important energy reduction techniques which I just thought of and which Sheppard would have no interest in."

But Zelenka didn't look up, only consulted his handheld. "He registers as a life sign, Rodney," he reported, as if he checked his colleagues' Replicator-or-not status every day, which, for all Rodney knew, he did. It was probably not a bad idea, come to think of it. "Also, he has not yet tried to destroy us."

"Yet?" Sheppard seemed to take offense.

"Okay. Good. Yes. Fair enough. But we still don't know you're you. Quick, uh, what's your mother's maiden name?"

"Caroll, but that doesn't prove anything," said Sheppard. "Anyone could have looked that up, and I'm betting you didn't."

"And it might be the same in an alternate universe," Zelenka pointed out.

"Okay, fine, point taken. Shut up," said Rodney, not really clear himself on whom he was addressing. "Wait, so what's something only this Sheppard would know?" The questions that sprang immediately to mind were exclusively dirty and would only prove he was the non-John. He told himself to pull it together; now was so not the time to dwell on the depressing factor that in one night he'd developed a closer intimacy with an undoubtedly evil clone than he had in four years with the real thing.

"How would I know? You're his best friend," said Zelenka.

There was something, anyway. Rodney looked at Sheppard hopefully for confirmation.

"Oh, for," Sheppard sighed. "Otto Preminger was Mr. Freeze--"

"Who else?" Rodney asked, thinking that surely, the chances that the exact same three reputable 1940s celebrities going on to become Mr. Freeze in an alternate universe had to be significantly smaller than one.

"George Sanders," said Sheppard.

"Who else?"

"I--don't know." Sheppard looked slightly panicked. "Your first name is Meredith. You can't sleep offworld without an armed guard in your tent, because you're afraid of space bears."

"It was a real concern," Rodney began to defend himself.

But Sheppard just continued, "The closest you came to camping before Pegasus was when you got lost in a mall for so long you had an elaborate contingency plan for sleeping in a display tent."

"That's something only Jeannie would know," Rodney protested.

"Yeah, well, we talked. Your favorite powerbar is the purple kind nobody knows what it's supposed to be. You cried when Elizabeth--disappeared, but you told me it was because you were thinking about the end of Jedi. You think you're a coward, but you'll leave no man behind, even when it's your life on the line."

Rodney looked down, wondering how he ever could have thought he was closer to the clone. "It's someone from Magnificent Seven," he said gruffly.

Sheppard's eyes widened. "Not McQueen!"

"Of course not McQueen."

"And I am more than done here," Zelenka announced, slipping past them and darting off, probably to go work on his decorative baskets, the crafty bastard.

"Brynner? He was bald."

"You don't have to be bald to be Mr. Freeze. We're straying off topic here," said Rodney. "If you're you, who's he? And where is he? We have to track him down and contain him before he does-- any more-- damage," Rodney found himself unable to stop saying.

Sheppard raised an eyebrow. "Damage."

Fair enough. Rodney wasn't even sure himself what he meant. "He--confused us," he suggested lamely. "But he could very well do more! I mean, he's an