because those are not words, but icons. Different icons, some look like hands, other like pictures and items.

 

You are scared, Toriel is trying to calm the THING down but… the screen flashes… Toriel ? Toriel? What is wrong … She is looking down… The creature is gone…

 

Little by little Toriel rises her head , while smiling. Slowly she opens her eyes but … there is light and another Flash. Toriel seems to be flying, here eyes are while and emitting light. Then, she speaks:

 

……..I……

 

…..Z….STOP…….... YES…….. ME…...WHY.... WHO….

 

…HELP…  

 

And behind all words there are grayed out weird pictures again.

 

Then Toriel attacks you again still spitting weird words one after another. You try to mercy her, but nothing. You go for the attack button… But can you really press it? Can you really attack Toriel at her most vulnerable moment? Maybe this is exactly why that creature appeared? This has never happened before… but you remember that there is only one way . MERCY.

 

You try to dodge the attack but… wait, the attacks are not missing you! BAM you are hit, 1 hp left. You eat the PIE because you are going to DIE. Another rain of fire. You try your best, then mercy. But again nothing changes.

 

Your third try you go for talk.

 

You tell Toriel to snap out of it . . . 

 

The attacks weaken…

 

You tell Toriel that you love her….

 

The attacks weaken again…

 

You want to tell Toriel something … But you can’t so you just tell her that you just want to eat pie with her together. . .

 

The screen trembles… White light fills the screen…

There you are. You and Toriel standing together right next to each other, face to face. The world around looks… weird… Almost like if you are in another world. The background is wavy. You look at Toriel.

 

See if she is ok?                       Talk with her?

 

You decide to go to her and see if she is ok, but she pushes you away.

 

“I-I remember…”

 

“Everything is blurry but those memories…”

 

“ My child… Did you? … No…”

 

Toriel starts to tear up.

 

“Should I say… Frisk? Tell me the truth!”

 

Lie.                                          Tell her the truth.*

 

 

After all you decided that you should tell her the truth. You explain her how you saved everyone… How you broke the barrier … You tell her that you freed everyone yet… Yet you reset the entire world back to the start where it all begun.

 

“My school… My kids… My life … All of it is gone… Y… You…How could you?”

 

Yet… Toriel does not look to be mad at you… She is crying and her tears drop from her face. You feel cold and bad.  You feel regret for resetting. You just wanted to have a challenge, not ruin everyone’s lives. You through you are doing it just for yourself. That this is just a game and everything will be fine. But you forgot one simple thing. Even if this is a game, the characters have their own life. They have their own stories. Your actions change how the story will go and you chose the worst possible action. Because only way to reach this is to complete the Pacifist route, befriend everyone and SAVE them. . . And now you destroyed even that for the sake of a challenge.

 

Hug her?*                               Try to calm her down?

 

(Frisk chooses on his own to hug her.)

 

 And then you hug her. You feel the same way just as she does. But there is no backing down. You have to see this to the end. Save everyone again!

 

Toriel for your surprise hugs you back.  Still sobbing she slowly stands up and clears her eyes from the tears.

 

(Depending on what choice you went with on the Pacifist ending she says different texts)

 

“Maybe … Just maybe I should have been kinder with you? What you did is unforgivable…”

 

“Yet… I forgive you”

“I do not know what reasons you had to do this, but I forgive you anyway”

 

“This … This is what a mother should do for her child…”

 

Her words are cold. You know she may have forgiven you, but her memories are still there. What happened was real and her life was real.

 

Toriel looks away … 

 

You ask her where you two are ?

 

“I do not know”

 

“I do not know anything anymore”

 

“But this creature…. It took me. It took my mind and SOUL”

 

“There was nothing I could do”

 

“I am pathetic, aren’t I?

 

 

You feel something… Something deep down inside you bubbles up. A strong feeling you have never felt before. From the moment you touched Toriel in this world you could feel it. Even a little, but now it is stronger than ever.

 

It is almost as you can feel Toriel’s feelings. Her anger , hope , sadness, love all mixed into one.

 

Your