dragging the syllable out. When?

   There was a knock on his door and he squinted at it. 

 Now? Crowley suggested and Castiel couldn’t help himself, he laughed right in Crowley’s ear but his friend didn’t seem to mind. Are you going to open? he asked instead, obviously amused.

 How’d you know I was home? Castiel asked as he opened the door and shut off his phone, staring at Crowley’s smug grin.

   Crowley shrugged. Lucky guess. Plus that ugly Lincoln outside could only be yours.

   Castiel made a face at him but pulled him in for a hug before letting him in, only then realizing what an ugly state his apartment was in. He set to picking up dishes and trash as Crowley seated himself on the couch.

 How do you even know where I live?

 Please, give me come credit. Crowley eyed the half-empty bottle of rum that stood precariously close to the edge of the coffee table. Also, you haven’t moved from this apartment since you got it love.

   Castiel slumped down beside his friend when he realized the apartment was as good as it was going to get at this point.

 That’s true. He sighed and propped one arm on the back of the couch to lean his head against as he considered his friend. What are you doing back here?








*****

   They talked about nothing and everything for a couple of hours and Castiel was happy to relive old memories and to hear about Crowley’s life. How his work had been going — good — how his and Abaddon’s relationship had been — bad, and long since over — what he was doing now and what he wanted to do in the future. Castiel was, however, careful to avoid questions about his own life. Crowley was always good at getting to the core and Castiel was uncomfortable with his own core at the moment. But of course his old friend would notice. Crowley’s hair may have reclined but his wit had only grown sharper.

 What’s up Cas? he eventually asked, obviously tired of Castiel’s questions. 

 What do you mean? Castiel sipped the coffee he had brewed just moments before.    

   Crowley rolled his eyes. With you.

 I’m not sure what you—

   Crowley grabbed the rum bottle. And this. Morgan your new best pal?

   Castiel made a face. It’s from last night.

 It’s in the middle of the week.

 I’m on a break. 

   Crowley just looked at him, his eyes half-lidded and full of consideration. Castiel didn’t like it. How is your pal?

   Castiel decided to not play stupid. Crowley had been there in high school with them. He had been there before and after the decision.

 Fine. He’s still living here in Lawrence.

 And the family?

 Fine too. Castiel finally met Crowley’s gaze. You should call them, I’m sure they’d be happy to hear from you.

   Crowley cocked his head to the side in obvious mockery of the way Castiel did it when he was thinking or confused. 

 You know, I always thought what he did to you was mean.

   Castiel winced but wished he hadn’t. I know, you said so when it happened. More than once.

 Do you that John and I haven’t talked since high school?

   Of course Castiel knew. The brawl they’d had was legendary at the dorms, even now, and you just didn’t get over stuff like what they’d said to each other then. 

 Let’s not talk about that Fergus. He mumbled. It was long ago and I’ve forgiven him, you shouldn’t be mad at him anymore.

 Someone should. You shouldn’t have forgiven him. Crowley put a surprisingly soft hand on Castiel’s cheek. You should’ve chopped his cock off in his sleep.

   Castiel chuckled a little. You’ve said that too.

 And I meant it. Crowley gestured to the rum. Look what you turning the other cheek have led you to: drinking in the middle of the week and crying on your couch.

   Castiel swallowed, his mouth dry. He couldn’t tell Crowley the real reason he was drinking himself into an early stupor. He trusted his friend but they hadn’t seen each other for many years now and even if that hadn’t been true he still couldn’t tell him it was thoughts of Dean that kept Castiel awake at night. But to have Crowley still be mad at John on Castiel’s behalf was not much better, was it?

 It’s not what you think. He mumbled weakly and cast his eyes down. I do have a life outside of the Winchesters.

 Still sleeping in their spare room?

 I thought you didn’t talk to John.

 I don’t, but the Winchester household has more than one person, doesn’t it?

 Mary, Castiel realized and wondered what he should think about that. Had she sent Crowley? Probably not.

 I don’t know