for three months,” Harry said, “They still won’t let me near anything sharp though. Said something about the level of emotional turmoil I’ve gone through will take an unusually long time to recuperate from.”Zayn chuckled slightly, “They talk about it like it’s simple.”Harry nodded, “Well when you’re not the one broken everything probably seems easy to fix. Don’t you think?” Silence followed Harry’s statement before he grinned, “Anyways, Niall’s coming up tomorrow. I assume you probably want to see him.”“What makes you say that?”This laugh was genuine, “Don’t insult me, Malik. Come on, I want to beat your ass at a game while the night’s still young.”…Zayn wasn’t sure what he hated most about Niall, his crooked teeth revealed by a grin or his fucking eyes. The combination of the two when Niall showed up at the center the next day made Zayn hold his breath until Niall glanced away to say hello to Harry.Maybe if Niall’s laugh wasn’t so infectious Zayn  could walk away from him. Perhaps if the lad words didn’t lilt with his Irish accent Zayn wouldn’t be clinging to every word that left his mouth. It was likely that if Niall wasn’t such a friendly person Zayn would’ve never talked to him in the first place. Then he wouldn’t be completely infatuated with this boy who was too perfect to exist.  Or at the very least, was too perfect for Zayn. As each week passed Zayn felt the need for alcohol get weaker and weaker, it was probably because each time Harry’s loud friend visited Zayn became more and more intoxicated with those blue eyes.Harry’s near constant and merciless teasing didn’t help him either.…Zayn had been at the center for one month when he was told there were visitors to see him. Slightly puzzled he walked to the main building and grinned when he saw Louis and Liam standing there waiting for him.“It’s great to see you, Zayn.” Louis said, “That stupid no visits during the first month rule was driving me nuts. Is there anyone here you don’t hate?”“Yeah, his name is Harry. I’ll introduce you guys.”“How do you feel?” Liam asked quietly.Zayn gave him a small smile, “Better. Come on, let’s go find Harry.”

Zayn’s instinct had been right when he had figured the three lads would get along well. Within minutes of meeting each other Harry and Louis were exchanging rather crude jokes as Liam and Zayn looked on with amusement while engaging in a conversation of their own.Halfway through the day Louis wrapped an arm around Zayn’s shoulder, “So, Zayn. What’s this I hear about a certain blond named Niall?”Zayn glared at Harry who was unsuccessfully trying to hide a smirk, “Nothing.”“Really? I was told you’re rather smitten.”“Louis you sound like pretentious douche,” Zayn countered, “No one is smitten with anyone. Unless you count Harry, he’s obviously into you.”He felt a vindictive rush of pleasure as the smirk was wiped off of Harry’s face, replaced with a slight blush at the words. Louis only laughed, “We’re talking about you, my dear Zayn. Are you going to ask him out?”Zayn snorted, “Where? I can’t leave the center and I doubt he wants to go to a counseling session with me. Besides, I wasn’t going to do anything. He’s totally out of my league.”Louis rolled his eyes, “Look, I know that as one of your best friends I shouldn’t say this, but as a gay guy I’m totally comfortable with telling you that you’re freakishly hot. What is this guy, Jesus Christ?”“Close enough.” Zayn muttered, “He’s like a saint.”“Does he look like one too?”Zayn shrugged, nodding toward a door as the familiar face came into view, “You tell me.”Niall was grinning as he made his way to the group and Louis could only murmur a quick, “Okay, he’s hot.” before Niall reached them.Introductions went quickly before Niall offered to treat everyone to dinner, only furthering Zayn’s point on how nearly angelic the Irish lad was.When Louis and Liam prepared to drive home Louis simply told him, “Perfect guys don’t like perfect guys, that’s too much competition. Relax, Zayn.”They gave him quick hugs before getting in the car and driving away. Harry stood next to Zayn, having said goodbye to Niall earlier. When Zayn turned to Harry with an impish glint in his eye Harry blushed, “Not one word.”“I don’t need to say anything, though I wasn’t aware you blushed so easily.” Zayn dodged the half-hearted punch Harry threw his way, laughing as he led the other lad inside the center.…Another month passed