have preferred it if she’d just told me to fuck off, honestly.”

Solas chokes on a laugh, and she smiles up at him.

“Does that make sense? Even if you’re unsure whether things will stay the same, even if you know something bad may come to pass, all I’m asking for in this moment is honesty. We could both die tomorrow, or next week, or in twenty years. I’d rather not lose out to the threat of someday.”  

“I… see,” Solas says slowly, and Tamsin can see conflict in his eyes that makes her nervous.

“Even if it’s ugly,” she adds on a whim, “even if it’s not the whole truth, truth is always better than a lie.”

“I thought you said lying by omission was still lying.”

Tamsin pauses. How can she articulate the difference? “Yes,” she says slowly, “but there’s a big difference between pretending there’s nothing to be said, and admitting that you can’t or don’t know how to say it in the moment. The latter is fine.”

“You have a lot of rules about truth.”

“They’re not rules,” she protests, flushing. “I just… how do you put words to  instinct? It’s what I’m trying to do. I’m not very good at it, though.”

Solas looks amused and sad at the same time. “Ever honest, then.”

“I’m an open book,” she admits. “I’ll be horrific at the Winter Palace. Josie will have a fit trying to keep me from destroying everything we’ve done with just my face.”

“You are easy to read,” he agrees, and cracks a smile when Tamsin smacks his arm gently. “It is the truth, lethallan.”

“Thank you for your honesty,” she replies primly, and his smile widens before disappearing.

“I do not have all the answers you want. And some… some you  may hate me for, in time. I will never be everything you want of me.”

Tamsin swallows. She can recognize a budding rejection when she hears it—and is a little irritated by his presumption.

“Please don’t presume to know what I want,” she says, and one of his eyebrows rises a hair before he inclines his head.

“I’m sorry,” he replies, and his tone turns a little wry. “You have surprised me at every turn. I expect you will do so in this, as well. I am afraid it will not be enough.”

“Tell me this, then,” Tamsin says, knowing her disappointment shows on her face, “Do you know how you feel?” She doesn’t want to coerce him. But, the way he kisses her, the way his eyes linger and he does small kind things for her day after day... these are not the actions of  an ambivalent man. She just wants it to make sense, and him turning his back is at utter odds with everything he has shown her.

Solas blinks at her, and for a moment, he is an open book as well—one filled with conflict. “In this moment,” Tamsin adds. “Only now. It’s where you have to start. That’s all.”  

“… I do.”

“Do… do you want to stop this?”

“It would be kinder in the long run,” Solas says, and his tone is mournful and certain. Tamsin swallows.

“Solas…”

“But…” he hesitates, inhales. “Losing you would…” He trails off, brushes her hair back from her face with his free hand. Tamsin closes her eyes at the tender touch.

“We’ll all lose each other eventually, Solas,” she says softly. “In this war, sooner rather than later. I, at least, would rather enjoy whatever this is, or can be, before that happens.”

Solas stares down at her, and after a long moment, something in his gaze settles into place.

“You are a wise woman, Tamsin Lavellan,” he murmurs, leans down, and kisses her.

Tamsin kisses him back gently, so gently, afraid to let the elation in her chest bubble up and scare him off, because she wants this so very badly. He is so gentle, so soft, testing his own conviction, and Tamsin lets him lead. Stay, she begs him in her mind. Stay. Please stay. Don’t turn your back on me, lethallin. She’s too afraid to think it, even, but she knows she’s falling too hard, too fast; if he turns his back on her, her heart might crack.

He kisses her again, and then pulls back. Tamsin meets his gaze, almost afraid of what she’ll find. He is gazing at  her with a softness in his eyes, a fondness she hasn’t seen in a while—and more than that, as she watches, there is certainty