would sleep, not who would take care of him, not what would happen to him if something happened to them, not how they would explain to the child that they were his parents, but they weren’t together. It was all Rodney could think about, that and how royally fucked up this kid was going to be with him for a parent.

But John, it seemed, had all the answers. The baby would sleep in John’s room, because he was, more often than not, actually in his room (unlike McKay who seldom slept, and even less often slept in his room), and already a small daycare had been set up for the other children on Atlantic, so they wouldn’t have to worry about taking care of him during duty hours, and John assured him that they would figure out everything else in time. Like he wasn’t worried at all.

And he was certain that he was the last human John would want to raise a kid with (certain, but he wouldn’t put it on the list of things he knew to be true, because John’s got enemies), but if that was the case, John didn’t give any indication of it, didn’t complain, didn’t show that he would rather have a kid with literally anyone else.

Rodney almost thought things might work out.

*

Then it all fell apart. This kid, this adorable kid that was somehow his, was sick. Dying. Falling apart at a cellular level.

Rodney thought his heart might give out.

What had he done to the universe to deserve this? To have receive this bizarre, impossible gift, only to have it ripped from his hands before he could even appreciate it.

And he thought it might destroy them. Him and Sheppard, their whole friendship, everything they’ve built. He didn’t think he could survive losing that too.

“I don’t want him to die,” he said, once they were alone in the safety of John’s room. “He’s only been alive for eight days, but I don’t want him to die.” And of course John didn’t want to lose him either. Rodney couldn’t help but wonder how different things would be if they really were a couple, but then he shook it off, because the end result would be the same. It would destroy them, and it wasn’t something he could bear to think about.

He returned to his own quarters before he could break, because he and John might be best friends, but he’s unable to be so completely exposed.

There was a knock at his door a while later; he silently told it to open, and John came in. Rodney didn’t have to ask, because he could read it all over his face. He doesn’t want to be alone. Rodney was grateful; it might take some prying to admit, but he didn’t want to be alone either.

John fell asleep on his couch, but Rodney hardly slept a wink.

*

By some miracle, he was able to solve yet another Ancient mistake.

“I never should have doubted you, Rodney,” John said, bouncing the baby in his arms.

“You doubted me?” It might have hurt more if he hadn’t doubted himself for a while there.

“Well, it’s behind us now. Little Elijah is perfectly healthy once more, and I couldn’t be happier.”

Rodney felt something in his chest that he couldn’t quite identify. Elation, maybe. Because even he and John were nothing more than friends, John was happy with the unlikely situation they’d found themselves in, and if he harbored any resentment that it was Rodney he was stuck in this mess with? Well, he was doing a remarkable job of hiding it. “When did we agree on Elijah?”

“You don’t like it?”

No, he liked it. He didn’t remember it being suggested, but he liked it. It was fitting, he thought. “I approve.”

They fall asleep, shoulder to shoulder, in John’s bed, with tiny, perfect Elijah lying across their chests.

*

Rodney read the same line of text at least a dozen times before finally hurling himself out of bed and across the hall. He knocked on John’s door, and silently begged it to open.

“What’s the matter, Rodney?” he asked, because John was uniquely capable of reading his every emotion, even when he couldn’t read himself.

“Did you… did you want this?” he asked. And then he wanted to slam his face into the wall because eloquence? Not his strong suit. He reconsidered his whole action plan and wondered if just planting one on John was as terrible of an idea as it sounded. It would certainly get him answers, though perhaps not the ones he wanted. At least the other way he could keep from having his heart ripped out by his best friend.

He babbled about Ancient technology, and