against your head as a sort of hug.



You let your hand casually fall between your legs so you could feel his thigh against the back of your hand. 



Tentatively you let your fingers brush against him, lightly caressing his leg. You could hardly breath and your heart was beating tenaciously. 



He cleared his throat. You froze at the sound and started to pull away.



“No, Y/N, don’t stop” You looked up at Cas and in the flash of a passing street light your eyes met and you could see his dim gaze. 



This gave you courage to be bolder. You placed your hand on his knee and slowly trailed it up his leg, his breathing heavier the higher you got. When the side of your hand brushed against the growing bulge in his pants he let out tormented moan.



You cupped your hand over his cock and stroked it through his pants. 



“I...I think I need to pull over…” he said turning off the main road onto a small dirt road. 



He parked the car and turned to you. Taking your head in his hand and pulling you in for a kiss. You unzipped his pants during the kiss, and  helped his cock find its way out. You felt the hard member in your hand, smooth and warm against your palm. Softly you stroke his cock a couple of times, his response sent pleasurable shivers through your body and forehead against his hair you breathed heavily in his ear. 



“I've been thinking about this for a long time” You  bit him playfully in his earlobe before bending down and to take him in your mouth.



There was a salty taste of pre-cum on the tip and you eagerly licked it all up. Taking him deeper and deeper into your mouth, swirling your tongue over his glans and down the shaft. 



The hand holding his cock was wet with saliva, and you used it for extra glide when you started to jerk him off. You began slowly but increased your pace, never letting him fully out of your mouth. The tip of his cock fucking in between your closed lips, your tongue softly licking him.



He was moaning, on hand gripping tight around the steering wheel, the other somewhere in your hair. Thrusting his hips upwards,he grunted loudly as he came, hot cum, pulsating into your mouth. You did your best to swallow every last drop as if it was the last few drops of water on this earth. 



You cleaned up the small mess that was made with soft kisses, Cas was panting, head turned up, stroking his hand up and down your back.



He looked down at you smiling with white teeth and clear blue eyes. You kissed again, his scruff gracing against your skin, this was making you uncontrollably horny. He laughed and smiled through you kisses. 



“What? Why are you laughing, Castiel?” 



He did a sort of moaning laugh “That really turned you on, didn’t it?”



The only answer you could give was a low “mmm”. You couldn't take it, you wanted yours too. 



Cas chuckled softly at your eager kisses.



“I bet I can make you come, just using these two fingers” he held up his left hand’s index and long finger. 



You could only think of one place where those two fingers would be of use so you willingly leaned back and spread your legs. 



Cas smirked at your aching as he let his hand trail up your thigh, slowly getting closer to the burning point. This was agony, you wanted him to undress you, wanted his hands on your bare skin, wanted his fingers to slide inside you, but his hand didn’t stop, he continued over your stomach, and up between your breasts. 



Fingertips carefully stroking along your collarbone, upwards the side of your neck and jaw line. He leaned in and sighed hot air into your ear, lips sucking at your earlobe, it almost sent you right over the edge, the hair on your arms rising of pleasure. 



“Oh, I'm gonna make you come so good, Y/N” he promised as he placed two fingers in the middle of your forehead.



You didn't really understand what was going on until you felt a sort of heat spreading throughout your body from his fingers. 



The sensation unfolded like wings of pleasure, your cheeks burning, your breathing heavier, your nipples stiffer and more sensitive than ever. 



The heat poured over your breasts, making you moan loudly as it traveled down your stomach and closer to your lower body. When it finally hit the spot you gasped, your left hand grabbing hold of Cas’ thigh, your fingers like claws deep into his leg. 



“Ah, yeah baby, you like that, don't you!?” Cas groaned in your ear. 



You tried to answer but all that came out was a whimpering, hissing sound. 



This was better than you could ever imagined, the heat pulsating around your clit and vibrating inside you, slowly built the tension, higher and higher until you were about to burst. At that moment Cas pulled his fingers away from your forehead and