waltzing nearby. To his shock, Arthur was dancing with Gilbert Beilschmidt. Even though he wasn’t his school’s champion, the Durmstrang student had still developed a reputation for being an excellent duelist, an amazing Quidditch player, and a person who could liven up any party. Which begged the question—what was he doing with a stick-in-the-mud like Arthur?

Aisling followed Alfred’s gaze and raised her eyebrows in surprise. “Wow. Artie pants did well for himself, dinnit he? No wonder you’re jealous.”

“I’m not jealous,” Alfred muttered as the dance finally ended. He went to find a seat while Aisling sensibly left to dance with someone else.

From his seat near the wall, Alfred could watch as Arthur and Gilbert danced and laughed. They seemed to be having a really good time. In fact, Alfred couldn’t remember when he had last seen Arthur smile so much. It reminded him of the time Arthur had accidentally sipped a Euphoria elixir in Potions class, but these were softer, more genuine smiles.

As the next song began to play, Arthur and Gilbert took a good breather. They looked engrossed in conversation and Arthur talked nearly as much as Gilbert did. While Alfred watched them chat, it occurred to him that it had been a very long time since he had spoken to Arthur about anything other than the Triwizard Tournament.

They used to talk about everything from Quidditch rivalries and their plans from the summer and new flavors of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, but lately everything had been about Alfred and helping him win the tournament. He felt a stab of guilt. Arthur had been so patient and helpful, and Alfred had repaid him by suggesting that he was incapable of getting a date.

Alfred sighed and laid his head on the table. He’d always known he wasn’t Ravenclaw material, but he hadn’t realized he was that much of an idiot. Busy wallowing in self-pity, he didn’t bother to look up as he heard a set of footsteps come closer.

“He’s not going to be jealous if ye sit here moping the whole night,” Aisling remarked.

“At least he’s having fun,” Alfred replied miserably. He lifted his head high enough to see the dance floor and felt a hollow pang in his stomach as he watched Arthur laugh out loud at one of Gilbert’s many jokes.

“Aye. At this point he’s probably thanking his lucky stars he went with the fun, cool guy.”

“Hey, I’m a fun, cool guy!” Alfred protested. He pushed back his chair and stood up with renewed determination. A Gryffindor would be chivalrous and let his friend have fun with his date. But Alfred was a Slytherin, and he refused to lose to a rival. Plus, focusing on winning saved him from pondering any uncomfortable thoughts about why it bothered him so much to see Arthur having fun with a different guy.

He followed Aisling back to the dance floor and was relieved to find that no one was waltzing any more. Showing off his best dance moves, Alfred grinned to himself when Arthur finally started glancing his way. Sure, the Hufflepuff looked more annoyed than jealous, but Alfred had to start somewhere.

At the end of the song, Arthur strode over and confronted him. “I can’t believe you brought my little sister. She’s three years younger than you!”

Alfred shrugged. “So what? It’s not like I’m gonna kiss her or anything.”

“Hello. I’m standing right here,” Aisling reminded them.

“So you admit you’re just leading her on?” Arthur demanded, ignoring his sister’s presence as he stepped menacingly into Alfred’s personal bubble.

“What? No! She wanted to come to the dance.”

“Actually, I wanted to annoy Arthur,” Aisling interrupted. “I guess this counts.”

Arthur lifted his head in triumph. “Hah! At least my date actually enjoys spending time with me.”

“Yeah, yeah. What’s so great about Gilbert anyway?” Alfred demanded angrily. “All he does is talk about how awesome he is.” He turned to look around for the Durmstrang student and spotted him acting rather suspiciously near the punch bowl.

“That’s the pot calling the cauldron black. Besides, he’s different once you start talking to him. He’s funny, he’s witty…”

“He’s spiking the punch.”

Arthur blinked. “Wait. What?!”

They all turned to look at Gilbert as he gave them a jaunty wave from next to the giant punch bowl made of ice. Arthur hurried off to chastise his date while Alfred smiled to himself. Although he normally wasn’t a tattletale, he was too much of an opportunistic Slytherin to ignore the opportunity to remove his rival. Playing the role of a good student, he promptly reported what he had seen to the nearest professor, and grinned with satisfaction as he watched the professor confront Gilbert and lead him away. He even earned thirty