that when she set the tea on the table, she glanced at the board. She furrowed her brows and looked at him intently.

'I'd bet you're to blame for Harry not sleeping at night, worrying about how little he knows about his mother. You've got Lily's eyes. And in the light of the notes on this board, I'm sure it's not just random'

'No' Evan sighed and glanced at her husband. 'It seemed fate wanted to play games with me, if it sent me to Hogwarts when you were there. Your husband is sure he knows who my parents were…'

'You're kidding' Ginny looked from him to Harry. 'No. Lily Evans and Severus Snape? Harry, did you give him some of George's sweets?'

'Nah' Potter shook his head and Evan didn't understand what it was about.

'When were you going to tell me you've got a brother? Whose father is Snape? It changes things, y'know'

She tried to lighten the mood, but the joke was so poor that neither man smiled. Ginny hesitated for a moment and then extended her hand.

'Welcome to the family, Evan Prince'

Potter laughed out loud on hearing it.

'Evan Prince. Lily really wasn't looking far'

The Slytherin lifted his brow. The Auror waved his wand and two words in his notes bolded themselves – "Prince", Eileen's maiden name, and "Evans", his mother's name.

'Of these Princes?' when Potter nodded, the man paled at the thought how close he'd been to solving the mystery those few years back.

'What is she doing here?' Ginny asked suddenly, and the tone in which she said 'she' didn't bide well.

Evan looked at the scrap of parchment she was pointing at… he didn't know how to refer to her… his sister-in-law?…

Petunia Evans

1958-

Blood status: Muggle

Sister of Lily Evans

Wife to Vernon Dursley, mother to Dudley 1980

Raised Harry Potter 1981-1998

'Mum had a sister?' Evan asked before he could stop himself.

'Unfortunately' Ginny's tone did nothing to hide she didn't like the fact one bit. 'And before you think you'll learn something from her, notice how much Harry knows about his mum. She doesn't like magic'

The Slytherin glanced at the board and noticed that indeed, the Auror knew more about Professor Snape than about his own mother.

'"Doesn't like magic". Is it because Mum had it, and she didn't?'

'Pretty much' Potter nodded. 'And because Professor Snape… your father… dropped a branch on Petunia's head when they first met.

'They knew each other?'

'Yes' the Auror glanced at his notes. 'Before Lily went to Hogwarts, the Evanses and Severus lived quite close to each other. Lily and Severus met, quite by accident, on a playground – and she was already showing signs of being a witch. Aunt didn't like it. They had a fight when Lily started Hogwarts and never made up. Mostly because Lily and Severus stayed friends until 1976'

'That's when the Professor… father… joined the Death Eaters?'

'You're very close' Potter glanced at the board and returned to the matter-of-fact tone. 'I know nothing about the period between 1976 and 1979. When Lily married James, all ties were severed, if any remained.'

'You know no people you could ask? Petunia?'

'Petunia will tell me nothing. For ten years before I started Hogwarts, I didn't know what my parents were called or what they looked like. She didn't change one bit. There's no one else who's known them well aside from her. Sirius and Remus are dead. Correct me if I'm wrong, but your father… the Professor… did not seem to have friends…'

There was a moment of silence.

'Professor Snape? Aside from the other teachers? No. Professor Dumbledore was said to know a lot, but he's dead. The people that taught them are gone too' Evan said.

'No! Two of them are still teaching. Professor Horace Slughorn and Headmistress McGonagall. Slughorn has even once mentioned that Lily and Severus were his best students in Potions. He'd liked them a lot…' Potter jumped up literally and the next scroll with notes flew to the board.

***The following day Evan found himself once again in Hogwarts, that time at Harry Potter's side. The name of the Boy-Who-Lived really did seem to open all the doors, although the Headmistress was noticeably surprised by their wish to meet Professor Slughorn.

'Lily and Severus? Geniuses, I tell you, geniuses in Potions! I sent their Potion for a contest once – and they won! But you probably not about this… Harry, m'boy, what do