he thought spending the little money he had left to visit Paris would be a good idea.

Misfortune seemed to follow wherever he went. No Family, no friends, no job, and absolutely no hope that everything would change in the foreseeable future. He felt horrible, and it lasted for a very long time now, the constant loneliness and longing for something, anything to be proud of in his life followed him everywhere and was slowly ripping him apart.

He sighed loudly as he teared his vision away from the tower and started walking down the Champ develop Mars "‘City of love’ my ass." he muttered. He neither noticed that his shadow had remained at the same place where he had been standing mere seconds before, nor the glowing deep orange eyes that had appeared in it. Head first, a dark creature slowly rose out of it and while its appearance was similar to a human one, it seemed to be completely made out of wavering and quivering shadows that surrounded it like a coat.

Dull, glowing, orange eyes looked after Peter for a moment, it had been high time to finally get rid of him, the people he possessed always tended to become depressed and developed suicidal tendencies sooner or later. At least he had still been able to bring him over to Paris, the poor man had never realized the cause for his misery or the fact that he got manipulated all along. He had been hiding like this for over four centuries, now more in trance than awake, always crawling around in the shadows in fear the Kwami would find him, suppressing his powers, skipping from one human to the next when they started to break down from his presence.

An almost giddy laugh escaped him, and not much longer, everything would come to an end, one way or another.

-

A report of ‘Paris Superheroes’ Peter had watched on the TV had jolted him awake, after over fifty Years of waiting, Tikki and Plagg, creation and destruction were finally active again.

This could only have two reasons:

Kwamie had intern problems, or shit was about to go down.

But since he could not sense another one of his kind around, the first possibility was far more likely.

With solid jumps he shot up the Eiffel Tower and landed on a steel beam, looking over Paris.

No matter what was going on, it was likely to get very interesting, soon the whole city would get turned upside down in the chaos that his presence would no doubt stir up.

"But not tonight…" he told himself and his eyes lit up, after so many years of waiting, his plans could surely wait a few more hours.

Laughing like a maniac, he pushed himself off the tower and raced over the rooftops. He didn't care for a second that he had most likely woken and alarmed every Kwami and Miraculousholder around, it felt far too good to finally let loose all the powers he had held inside.

 

 

Inside of the La Tortue de Guérsion, Wayzz snapped awake from the pillow he used as a bed. Blinking rapidly, he needed a moment to collect himself.

"No...no, no, no, no!" he stuttered. Not here, not now… "Master! Master wake up, where are you?! This was bad, really bad.

Not even bothering with the doors, the little turtle Kwamie, phased straight through the walls. Master Fuu was already awake and sitting on a cushion at a small table right in front of the window that nearby took in the entire wall towards the garden.

The old Chinese man greeted his friend with a warm smile and asked him to take place on a pillow laying on the other side on the table.

"Do you recognize our newest guest?” Master Fuu asked while he starred thoughtfully out into the night. "Yes and no Master.” he replied without hesitation.

“I definitely have crossed path with this one before, but I'm afraid that I can't tell where and who it is. Its Aura feels oddly dull and distorted, so it seems like it found a way to block it off in some way."

"That means it really is a real Akuma." Fuu sighed deeply, his expression becoming worried. "And as always, on the worst possible timing."

Wayzz nodded, the hint of a smile playing on his lips. "Looks like some things never change." Then he became serious again. "This thing isn't just one Hawkmoth Butterflies, there is no chance Ladybug and Chat Noir can deal with this alone. They may have exceeded all our expectations and have proven themselves as worthy and very talented Holders thus far, but even they won't be able to win a fight on two fronts at the same time."

They both weren't holding any hopes that the Akuma would just move on, the timing of its appearance was far too striking. And there was no doubt that it was a strong one if the vibes that reached the two partners were anything to go by. The fact that it had just blown its cover, even if it was able to hide or suppress his power and aura, worried them even more.