Merlin couldn't help but wonder whether these were signs of withdrawal.  

After a few minutes of Pendragon pacing and rhythmically balling his hands into fists, Merlin sighed. ''It's not like we can do anything about the situation. Just relax, will you?''

Pendragon deigned to ignore him and kept pacing back and forth.

''Will you just bloody sit down and relax?'' Merlin groused finally, and the blond stopped in front of him but kept his face turned away. He mumbled something Merlin didn't catch.

''Pardon?''

''I said, I can't!'' Pendragon gritted out. 

''And why, pray tell, is that so? Too good to sit on the floor with the serfs?''

''I'm claustrophobic.''

It was just a whisper, but from the way Arthur's voice shook at his admission, Merlin's heart plummeted.

''For real?''

''Yes, Merlin, for real.''

''Oh. Wow.'' Merlin blinked. ''I wouldn't have thought someone like you...''

''Someone like me what?''

''Well, I thought with your job you'd have to be used to, you know... crowds and being confined in tight spaces and such.''

Pendragon swallowed. ''Sometimes. But when I'm up on stage, the crowds below don't bother me. Everything is different on stage.''

''But there must be other situations. What do you normally do then?''

''Well, for one thing, I try not to be incarcerated with complete strangers!'' Arthur shot him another glare and, oh, that kind of explained why he had not wanted to hold the lift for Merlin in the first place. ''And then, when such a situation occurs, I get the hell out,'' he muttered, banging a fist against the wall in frustration.

Merlin sighed. ''Okay, but what if you can't?''

Arthur didn't look at him. ''Morgana usually helps me,'' he said quietly. ''Talks to me. Calms me down.''

''Your bassist?''

''My sister.''

Merlin pondered that for a moment, than he made a decision. ''Okay, so what does she do?''

''Pardon?'' Arthur frowned at him over his shoulder.

''We're stuck here together, so you'll have to rely on me,'' Merlin explained the obvious. ''Tell me what she does and, well... I'll try to help you.''

''You?''

''Do you see anyone else?''

Arthur grimaced. Then he bit his lip. ''That's ridiculous,'' he said uncertainly. ''I don't even know you.''

Merlin just kept looking at him expectantly.

''I...'' Arthur swallowed and shifted on his feet. He didn't look like a superstar at that moment, more like a boy lost in the woods. ''If you laugh at me--... If you tell anyone--!'' 

''I won't.''

Arthur finally turned to fully face Merlin, slumping against the wall in his back as if he didn't really have the strength to hold himself up any longer. 

''She holds my hands,'' he whispered after a moment and there was a faint blush creeping up his cheeks. It only made him look even more gorgeous.

''Okay.'' Merlin nodded to himself. Hand holding. He could do that. 

He scrambled forward, not bothering to get up, and reached out towards Arthur, taking the broad, strong hands into his own more slender ones. Arthur's palms were warm and a little damp and Merlin couldn't help the bolt of heat that shot down to his core when he remembered his thoughts from earlier. Blinking up at the blond, Merlin became aware of his own position. Crouched on his knees in front of Arthur, face level with the man's jeans-covered crotch. He licked his lips nervously and Arthur sucked in a sharp breath, his eyes widening. 

Merlin's heart beat wildly in his chest. Maybe he was about to make a complete git out of himself, but he felt as if his body was acting of its own accord. Slowly, Merlin let go of Arthur's hands and put his palms on the man's thighs instead. 

''I... I could try to, uh, help you relax in another way as well,'' he stuttered, letting out a short, breathy laugh. ''If you'd like, I mean.''

He could feel Arthur shivering under his touch and, when Merlin looked up at him, his pupils were blown wide and dark, either with fear or arousal. 

''You don't have to-'' Arthur croaked, and Merlin gave him a tentative smile. This wasn't really the reaction he had expected. Surely Arthur Pendragon got offers like this every other day? ''Oh, you know,'' he said, trying for a light tone. ''We're all about customer service here at The Ritz.''

Arthur's answering smile was small and questioning, but all the more beautiful for it. ''I remember you complaining about the guests taking advantage of that just a