keeping the bikaku tail wrapped securely around him. “Been looking for your dumbass for the past few days and I find ya macking out with your shitty friend!” He barked.

Hide blinked a little dumbfounded. “Looking for me...?”

Nishio merely sighed in irritation. “It's a long story--” He eyed the other up and down and Hide never felt more insecure till now. “Nice body. Fits ya way better.” He teased. Hide could only huff.

“Dude! That ain't right!”

Nishio only snorted and move to start heading off.

“Wait!” Hide looked a bit panicked. “What about Kaneki?”

“What about him?” Nishio glanced back with an arched eyebrow.

Of course Hide only looked more confused. “Aren't you taking him as well?”

Nishio gave him such a look as if Hide had spouted the stupidest shit he had ever said. Which was pretty much the same look Nishio gave anyone. “I'm pretty sure I only pissed him off more.”

“Huh?”

A very loud irritated sigh left the older male, his kagune squeezing the poor golden hair huma just a tad bit. “Fucking Shittychika, shut the fuck up! Look, I was just sent to find your dumbass by shitty Touka, alright? You got questions, fucking hold them till we get back!”

Hide frown more and open his mouth to speak but was cut short when an angry cry filled the air.

“Shit..” Nishio moved to the edge of the building, glancing over to see the Centipede Kakuja on the move. “Shitshitshit!” He was quickly moving away. “We gotta get moving now!” Shouted Nishio, already taking off.

“But it's just Kaneki?!”

“Not at the moment, Nagachika. Now shut the fuck up for real and don't you fucking puke on me!” Warned Nishio. Hide never had the chance to ask what he meant before they were suddenly sailing through the air and bouncing around as the Ghoul jumped from building from building.

Hide had never felt so sick in his entire life. Not even when he gorge on festival food and went on the rides that spun, jerked and twisted.

Now, if the world just did him a favor and stopped spinning out of control much like his life at the moment.

Something differentSomething newSomething-- IDKI hope you all enjoyed this new turn--Same shit-- different twist hahaIf the chapter felt a bit rushed, it was meant to feel that way because one, everything is happening FAST so fast Hide hasn't had really time to digest just what the hell is happening, only that bad shit would happen if Kaneki ever screwed him.Who'd thunk being screwed by your best friend would have disastrous consequences ahahaYaayy for Nishio kagune blocking them-- see what I did there? HurrhuurrrBTW Zuchtpartner is suppose to mean breeding partner in German, but lets face it, Google Translate isn't that reliable haha

And as usual, all your comments, critiques and kudos are all welcomed!

Well, I thought this was going to be only three-four chapters longMay be just a bit longer than that hahaAnd oh man-- when will I ever update Pendulum?This week I hope.I had to re-do the whole chapter over because it got corrupted somehow. I wasn't happy with that,but hopefully I can recapture what was gunning for in the first place.I tried my hand at some action-- I'm pretty sure I failed hahaI never really had chances of writing action even though I like reading actions in my book, but its different to write itthan to watch it.Hopefully I did okay, if not-- I'm always open for any advice and critiques!

By the way-- all your comments meant so much to me! I am so glad there are those that have given not only Pendulum a chance, but this story as well! I even have some reviewers  from Pendulum here and it just makes my heart GUSH! Aahh!! you all mean so much to mean and I am very, VERY lucky to have readers such as yourselves!Thank you oh so very much!As usual please excuse any spelling and grammar mistakes!

---

Warnings for gender dysphoria, gore, violence and bloodshed and cursing because Nishio and Touka are potty mouths man.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

He was aroused.

And hungry.

And irritable as hell.

Not a good combination for the half Ghoul.

The twitching hardness in his pants would go away. Refused to go away no matter how much he jerked off and came, it was never sated, he never felt sated and for a while, it irritated him till no end.

He had what he needed. So close, so mouth watering he wanted to bite and eat and fuck till he was self satisfied. They had teased him before with just the sight of the other, riled him up till they were force to subdue him, but he made them pay.

All they had to do was slipped up once and he would pounce.

Hunted down what he craved, what he needed, their scent so alluring, so mouth