.               .               .

 


She pushed the iron gate open and walked through. The place was absolutely empty, save for the elderly couple in the corner. They were holding hands and placing flowers on as many graves as they could. Asami smiled.


‘It’s nice to know there’s still some kindness in the world after all,’ she thought.


She could’ve walked to the plot blindfolded. Third column, last row. A nice, secluded place where she felt like she could safely have a private conversation.



She set down the folding chair she had brought with her and opened her SatoThermos. Despite the clear weather, it was absolutely freezing out. The new rush of heat from the can warmed her stiff fingers through the leather mittens.



“Hey there,” she said with a smile. Not a sad smile, not a defeated smile. But a happy one. One that she had inherited from the woman across from her.



Yasuko Sato



122 AG – 158 AG



Loving Mother and Wife. Incredible Engineer and Inventor. Catalyst of the Modern World.



Asami had a spoonful of the Hot and Sour soup from the SatoThermos. It was a family recipe— one that she had some great memories making with her mother. So, she brought it everytime she visited— secretly pouring a little on the ground for her mother to taste-test.



Like the old days.



“So… I’m going away this summer… it’s a new place… I doubt you’ve heard of it…”


 

.               .               .

 

It got worse.

Not immediately. No, it was very nice to walk arm-in-arm through the park— counselors sitting on the benches chatting while the kids sat on the grassy hills and had some alone time… together. Mako and Asami tried to identify constellations.

“That one’s Toph Beifong,” Mako said, pointing at a bright cluster to the left.

“She’s still alive, you doofus!” the engineer said, playfully hitting his arm.

“Okay, okay!” he laughed. “It could be Aang— the Air Nation war hero.”

“That sentence is an oxymoron.”

“Yeah…”

Mako’s gaze fell onto Asami, and she pretended to stare at the skies a bit longer before it felt awkward. She met his eyes.


What’s that look? No, wait. Is he gonna—


Rough lips— unfamiliar and unfathomable— pressed against hers. It’s not as though he was bad at kissing. Though she remained as still as a statue, the boy kept moving his lips and even swiped his tongue through her mouth at one point. He tasted alright. But it felt off. Because she already had a pair of lips to claim back at camp. Korra’s bright, cheerful face flashed through her mind and brought her spinning back into reality.


Shit!


Asami pulled away from him like a startled cat. Only after a few seconds of shock did she realize that her hand was covering her mouth. She pulled it down and cleared her throat— as though she was about to do a school presentation.

“Listen… um… Mako… WHAT THE HELL?” she whispered harshly.

The boy winced, his eyes darting around like a panicking deer on a highway.

“I-I thought that— you were f-flirting at diner and— I’m so sorry I just—“

“Why did you do that?” she uttered, softly this time. “Why did you kiss me?”

Mako let out a dejected sound, halfway between a sob and a sigh. “I… I needed to know,” he said, hanging his head and burying it in his hands.

“Mako, I don’t understand.”

“mm… supposed to be… straight.”

“What did you say? I couldn’t catch that.”

She knew perfectly well what he had said.

“I… I don’t want to be gay, Asami.”

“Why?”

“Because it hurt. It fucking hurt a lot.”

“What happened?” the engineer whispered softly, her voice flowing like a wisp of smoke from a campfire.

“I had a boyfriend. And he… Spirits he was horrible. I spent all this time thinking he was the best thing that ever happened to me—“

“Mako. Were you in an abusive relationship? You don’t have to answer.”

The boy looked up and stared at her. He fidgeted with his scarf, absentmindedly, for a moment— and then nodded his head.

“He w-wouldn’t let me do anything without his permission first, and would barely speak to me… and then one day I went to his house… and I found…

“And the way people treated me in school. My own team— guys I thought were going to be my buddies for the rest of my life… they treated me like total shit. One time, I opened my locker (I didn’t keep it locked back then) and I found real piece of shit in my favorite pair of shoes… is that how I’m supposed to live the rest of my fucking