Just playing.” His eyes flickered for a split second to the food, and then back again to the bright screen again. “... Thanks. I'll eat it later. It looks good, I'm sure it tastes even better.”

With a nod and a slight smile, Vanilla looked at whatever game had caught Terence's absolute attention this time, and tried to comprehend what was going on. She never really understood his games much, but it was always fun to watch. Sometimes it even felt like she was playing alongside him and thoroughly enjoyed it; she rarely felt the need to talk when it came to watching him. And Terence always appreciated that. There was nothing worse to him than annoying spectators.

She became so engrossed in watching that it took her fifteen minutes to notice the piles of scattered fabric, pins, and all sorts of other sewing materiel that lay across the floor next to his consoles. There was nothing noteworthy to her, other than a plain doll body with no features or clothes, and a handful of photographs.

“Terence, were you sewing?” she asked quietly, leaning over slightly to take a closer look.

“Huh... oh yeah, I was-- hey, be careful of the wires, Nilla! Ugh... yeah, I was trying to make some dolls.”

Although his voice portrayed annoyance, he didn't particularly care too much at Vanilla inspecting his handiwork – if you could even call it that at this point – as long as she didn't get in the way. Vanilla knew this all too well, trying her best to keep out of sight, as she flicked through the photographs that were scattered around. Despite having never met the people in the pictures, she knew who they were instantly, having burned their faces into her memory, and raw anger bubbled in her stomach the second she recognised them.

“... The Stardust Crusaders.” she spat out bitterly. “But why do you have these phot- Oh.” Vanilla cut herself off when she made the connection between the pictures and the materials. “Oh, you're... you're making dolls of them?”

“Was making dolls of them. I don't need to anymore.” Terence answered blandly, and Vanilla tilted her head in confusion.

“Was..? But didn't Lord DIO ask you too? I remember you saying the other day...”

“I know. But I don't need to now.” Terence stayed silent again, thumbs tapping buttons rapidly, until he suddenly stopped. The screen started rolling credits, and the butler finally dropped the controller onto his lap, picking up the plate that had been sitting next to him this whole time.

“... Because my brother is facing them today.”

Vanilla took a moment to think about what he had said, turning to the screen and then back to Terence, and adjusted her position to sit next to him. Her hands busy themselves with her long, lilac hair as she processed the statement again, and she gazed over to him.

“Do you... do you really have that much confidence in your brother?” she asked, leaning forward to try and catch his gaze.

“Yeah. Daniel doesn't lose.” Terence stated as he began eating. “They've never met him before and they have no idea how he plays. I bet half of them can't even play poker, let alone on his level. They're throwing their souls away. There's no point of me making these dolls.”

Vanilla didn't need to have a stand like Terence's to know that he was telling the truth. She acknowledged that Terence lied a lot – and a lot of the time she didn't even know that he was doing it – but she silently respected his words. It almost warmed her heart to see how much believed in his brother, but something still didn't sit right. Her mind wandered to the “others” before them: the ones they knew who went out to end the Joestar group, will full confidence in themselves, and ended up battered, bruised, beat... or worse.

“... Terence, do you think we'll see them again? You know... Rubber Soul, Steely Dan, N'Dour...”

“Of course not.” Terence's blunt response came without hesitation, and Vanilla was taken back by his straightforwardness. “At least, not around here. The only reason we saw them was because they worked for Lord DIO. They had no idea what they were getting themselves into, there's no way they're going to let Lord DIO see them again. They're probably in hospital having the time of their lives-- or what's left of it anyway.”

Terence carried on eating, waiting for a reply from Vanilla, but seemed a little confused when nothing came out of her mouth. He turned to her, and noticed her staring forlornly at her hands, a sort of sadness looming in her eyes. Although he had told her the truth, and she knew it was too, he realised it wasn't the answer she wanted to hear