soon Angela was asleep in her arms. She seemed peaceful. Slowly Fareeha scooped her up into a bridal carry and walked her to her bed. "Sleep tight," she whispered as she pulled the sheet up over her. She had only just opened the door when she heard it. A loud thud, coming from Lena's room. Loud enough to wake Angela.

Lena wakes up to a strange noises in her room. A familiar face appears and memories return.

I am constantly making changes to wording, grammar and other problems with my writing with help of others but if you see I have missed something please say.

 

The first thud woke Lena, soon followed by French swearing. Lena snapped awake blinking out of bed and directly in front of the intruder. The familiar tone of skin illuminated by the moonlight through the window. "Lena" the voice was not as harsh or cold as it was during their last meeting in London, instead broken and weak. She didn’t have her gun and her movements were far from elegant but undoubtedly before her was Widowmaker. "Lena, what have I done?" Widow whispered her hands out in front of her as she trembled.

Lena felt her heart break a little as she remembered the night of Gérard's death, he had barely been dead 10 minutes, not that anybody knew. Lena received a call in the late night happy to pick up to the tender Amélie. She spoke quickly and broken "Lena! what have I done? Send help" her accent thick on every word. Lena still doesn’t know exactly what happened that night all she knows was that Ana didn't come out alive. Amélie was now her enemy and had become the exact opposite of what she once was.

Lena felt tears roll down her cheeks as the moment of Déjà vu and guilt consumed her. Before her despite the physical differences, was Amélie not Widowmaker. She was weak and vulnerable, not fearless and blood thirsty. Lena took her hands and sat her on the bed, she was cautious not sure if the woman would snap at any point. "It's okay Amélie, I'm here." pulling the tall shaking woman closer stroking her hair and shushing her gently.

 "I've killed people Lena. Merde, I've killed people" clasping her hands over her head, "Gérard deserved it but I didn't even know the others." Lena was shocked, what could he possibly have done? Gérard was a good man.

"what do you mean?"

"You were never there Lena, and he was clever. He knew not to leave a mark." Lena's heart raced. Surely he wasn't abusive.

"Lena you're everything he wasn't." her voice shook and quieted down to a whisper

"Merci." She moved closer to the chronal accelerator in her partner’s chest and wrapped her arms around her small body. She felt safe for the first time in a long while and Lena began to relax. Then it happened as Lena moved to hug her back Amélie jumped away making a large thud. Her eyes looked empty in comparison to before and Lena knew her friend was gone... She could move to kill her but a small part of her hoped Amélie was still in there, reachable.

"Amélie come on. Take my hand, we can get you help. You can come back. I can't lose you again" A large thud at the door drew her attention and from the other side Fareeha and Angela could be heard "Lena, we're coming in!" and one push they both came through the door Fareeha stumbled into the room as if she was expecting resistance against the back of the old wooden door. "Eh, nothing?"

Angela seemed baffled after entering the room to see Lena sat alone on the end of her bed. Fareeha was far more vigilant and found on the floor a small locket inside were two pictures the whole team and just lean and Amélie, Lena with Amélie's jacket draped over her shoulders. "This yours?" she handed it to Lena on her way out. As she closed the door Lena whispered to herself. "No" glancing out the window she saw her figure in the distance a small gesture of her hand before she was gone, Lena hoped as she looked at the heart shaped locket that she would return. Memories flooding her mind and her heart racing in her chest.

The locket brings back a flood of memories for Lena, but what happens when she's dazed?

The last of the equipment needed was being unpacked. Lena was given a simple job of cleaning the new rooms for Lucio and D.Va and after 2 hours of work was finally able to sleep in her room. Angela and Fareeha however, had been told to unpack, with Fareeha's strength and subtlety alongside the responsibility of Angela working well in Winston's opinion. Most of the morning was spent in awkward silence with Angela regretting her outburst. She barely knew Fareeha and she unloaded her problems on her. Her job as a medic required an emotionless and strong exterior look. Fareeha