, for he had the tact of a decent, normal, functioning human being (despite ultimately failing the first time around). There was nothing bad about this arrangement, nothing at all, for she was blind and he was scarred, yet no words were needed to be said about their differences. He could finally breathe, because she would never ask him…

“What happened to your eyes?”

This time, it was not an accident. She looked at him, or tried to, she was finding it rather hard to locate where he was since he was in god knows which room.

“I thought I told you already?” She said in a slightly raised voice. God, he could be in the room right next to where she was, and she didn’t even know which one.

“I’m in the kitchen.” Yes, he always (almost always) gets what she’s thinking. “It’s 2 doors to your right.”

She picked up her cane, which she so rarely used, and started to slide it across the ground. She walked slowly, feeling the walls and trying to locate said doors. She hated using her cane, because it made her feel vulnerable and dependent (although it made for great self-defense weapons). Unlike the campus that she had memorized over the years of living there, this place was completely unfamiliar to her. She had to walk with a cane. She had to know which room went here, where it was connected, where things were located, where the doors were. Sometimes, when she isn’t careful, she’ll slam herself into the door frame, stub her toe, kick a table leg. It’s happened numerous times, too many to count, yet she didn’t mind. Someone was always there to guide her back, to treat her toe, to fix the table. When she wakes up in the morning, she’ll feel warmth on her back, a breath upon her cheek, and despite not being a morning person, she’d smile.

Hanging her cane on the wall, she leaned against the door frame. She stood there quietly, listening to what sounded like him chewing something; probably eating the sandwich she called ‘abomination’. It was a mix of PB&M, honest mistake. By the sound of his rigorous eating, however, he didn’t seem to mind.

“You asked,” she began. “What happened to my eyes?”

“Yes.” He seemed to say, because his voice was muffled by whatever it was in his mouth. “You never told me of your parents either, or where you lived, or what you used to do. You know, that kind of thing.”

“Eh, there’s not much to tell.” She scratched her nose, shuffling every once in a while.  “I was blind since birth, and that’s about it. My parents are workaholics and can’t spare a single moment for their superbly spoiled daughter who ran away with some junkie.” She laughed. “Well, okay, maybe it isn’t that bad, but seriously speaking, they’re normal, cool parents.”

She lied.

Of course, she lied.

She was Toph Beifong, heiress to the Beifong industries. Who didn’t know her? Well, rather, who knew her? Surprisingly, even with parents who were so influential in the corporate world, only a handful of people knew of her existence. He didn’t even know who she was until he had that rather embarrassing first meeting in that dingy old science laboratory  6 years ago.

“Are you seriously going to make me believe that?” He asked.

“Well…” She shrugged. “I guess I tried.”

“You can tell me.” He said. “I just can’t see how we lived together for a year already and I still don’t know who you are, or where you come from, things like that. So far, so good, right? But we can’t live on that alone. I need to know you. All of you.”

“Why? I never asked you about your own tragic backstory.” She countered. “What’s with you, anyways? What’s all this? Why are you only asking me now? It definitely didn’t bother you a year ago when you said that we should live together.”

“Toph…” He sighed. “This isn’t about me right now, okay? And I wasn’t even the one who invited you, you literally crashed here, or were you too drunk to remember that?”

She clicked her tongue. Grabbing her cane from the wall, she made her way towards him, using the awful sounds he made from chewing the so-called ‘abomination’ and getting revenge by smacking his shins hard. He winced, and she grinned momentarily before settling herself by his side.

“Well, it’s probably going to bore you to death. It’s a long story.” She said.

“It’s alright.” He smiled