by anyone outside. 

He pulls off "want you to fuck my mouth"
Liam is quick to comply. And with a hand on Zayn's head the other on the wall next to him. He starts fucking his mouth slowly. He's panting he feels so close. 

Zayn pulls him by the ass and chokes on his cock. Liam gasps at that balls drawing up. He starts pushing in and out faster. Zayn keeps hollowing his cheeks till Liam pulls out completely. 

"O-open your mouth" Zayn opens his mouth tongue sticking out to take the white stripes swallowing every bit. He Zips Liam back. 

And Liam pulls him up. Unzipping his pants. He's rock hard. He strokes him fast till he comes in his hand. Knees shaking already weak from sitting on them all the time. 

Liam takes his hand to his mouth making a show of licking Zayn's come. 

Zayn pulls by the neck kissing him softly licking into his mouth. Tasting them. 

Liam smiles at him "can't believe I joined the mile high club" 

Zayn lets out a loud laugh slapping his mouth with his hand. 

They wash and check how they look. And opens the door slowly. Going back to their seats quietly. 

They lay back on their pushed back seats facing each other. "Four more hours" Zayn whispers. 

"Get some sleep, cause I have plans the minute we get there" Liam smirks at Zayn. 

Zayn is amused at his husband's words he can be dirty when he wants to but then there is still this faint blush on his cheeks. 

He places a soft kiss on his lips.
"Can't wait".

**

"Wow, it's beautiful! And huge! It's only us" 

Zayn smiles hands in his pockets shrugging when Liam looks back at him. "Don't look at me I'm as surprised as you, it's my parents gift to us" 

Liam walks to him and takes him by the hand "let's go see the bedroom". 

Zayn stops and pulls him to his chest. "Eager?" Liam blushes and hides his face in his neck.
"Well it's been a week" Zayn says smirking. 

Liam pulls back "that would've been true, but we got off in the plane" he says biting his lips. 

Zayn brings the hand on his back to the back of his neck brushing their lips together.
"That was just foreplay" he locks their lips and Liam doesn't even get to continue his soft groan before being interrupted with someone cleaning their throat. 

"Sorry for interrupting, I'm Casey. If you needed anything just dial three Zeros, and your luggage will be brought in a minute. I wish you have a great stay in here." She smiles at them. 

"Thank you" Zayn says. She heads out as the luggage being brought in. He turns to see where Liam's gone to. He closes the door. And heads upstairs. He opens the bedroom. And the view he's met with making him choke a low moan that gets Liam's attention. He's smiling, like he's done nothing. Zayn is quick to lose his clothes and get on bed with him. He crawls and splits his knees. "Fuck you're beautiful" Liam sits up to meet him in a long soft kiss that turns into a heated one in no time. 

Zayn lays him back and pecks him one last time "wait yeah". But Liam brings him closer and nods at the way of the bed table. Lube.

"God I love you" He lifts both Liam's legs wrapping them around him. Kissing along his neck. Biting him and soothing it afterwards. "A week.." Zayn says as kisses now his jaw. 

"A week since I last fucked you" He says kissing his cheek starting to grind their naked cocks together "can't wait to feel how tight you are" nibbling at his jaw. He pulls away to meet Liam's eyes lust blown. 

"Always so tight Liam, always feel like the first time" he licks at the bruises he made. Making Liam moan softly. 

"Want you" Liam pants out. Zayn picks up the lube and slicks his fingers. His arms goes to rest next to Liam's head on his elbow as his hand feels the prickly hair. Liam let's out a hiss at the coldness of the lube. Zayn starts pushing a finger slowly forehead leaning on Liam's. He pushes his fingers all the way inside and waits for Liam to relax. Liam starts pushing down. "D-don't treat me like I'm glass, 'm not a virgin".

Zayn huffs a laugh "feels like one Jaan" Liam slaps his ass. "aah I know you like to be spanked but spanking me? is that a thing for you now?" 

Liam groans "God I'm stuck with this forever? Why did I marry you" Zayn pulls out his finger to enter two back all the