their close proximity, Kagami allows his eyes to slide shut. The brush of hair he feels against his cheek confirms that his counterpart had followed. By now, neither of them has parted, nor have they closed in any further. In fact, if you were to ask them, they’d both tell you that they sat there breathing against each other’s mouths for at least three minutes.

It was Aomine, unsurprisingly, that pushed forward first. His lips were chapped, but warm, probably from holding them, unmoving, against Kagami’s for so long. The latter, on the other hand did not find his actions unsurprising, based on his response; a sound that can only be described as a squeak was pulled from the one who wasn’t expecting so much tongue.

Despite the slippery muscle he suddenly found invading his mouth, Kagami was pleased that he managed to keep his place on Aomine’s face. Allowing that knowledge to spur him on, he slid his own tongue next to Aomine’s and reminded himself of his status as secure in his sexual orientation, as he had earlier assured the tongue currently exploring his oral cavity.

Soon enough, the kisses lose their novelty (but definitely not their electricity) and Kagami finds himself bracing his hands on Aomine’s shoulders whilst pressing into the kiss and allowing big hands to stroke his pectorals. It’s only when Kagami lifts himself up from the booth’s nook to run his own broad hands down Aomine’s front that he remembers that he’s not supposed to be enjoying this. More importantly, however, the creak of the seat’s vinyl reminds him that most people would consider this public indecency.

It hit him then that they were playing a (heated) round of Gay Chicken in a restaurant and had no way to communicate that without being the Gay Chicken.

He’ll have to make Aomine- the stubborn, uncontainable Aomine- lose the game.

And that’s where the real problem begins for Kagami.

Aomine couldn’t be on a more distant wavelength.

Perhaps it wasn’t so much the raunchy nature of the kissing or even the thrill of an impending victory as it was the electricity flowing between the two. Either way, Aomine finds himself enjoying the tonsil hockey with increasing fervor.

At a certain point, Kagami’s hands find their way to his shoulders, probably to one-up the other male. Aomine smirks against his lips and begins running his hand up and down Kagami’s front, wanting especially to trace the peaks of his nipples through the grey cotton. Wait- what?

The blue-haired male notices the increasing urgency behind Kagami’s touches and is shocked, if a little confounded at how arousing it is. This is Taiga, he reminds himself. This could be anyone’s tongue and hands, it’s all a game, and it doesn’t mean anything.

The wet, warm mouth and squirming, hard body are becoming harder to ignore, especially when Kagami’s movements become more desperate. Aomine returns them with ardor- because he’s not about to lose Gay Chicken to Bakagami, he tells himself. It isn’t until Kagami has navigated onto his side of the booth and starts letting out these quiet, keening noises that Aomine’s eyes snap open. As they continue to make out, the moans and mewling coming from Kagami become more and more distracting and seem to contribute to an- issue. It’s not long before Aomine finds a certain part of his anatomy uncomfortably stiff and straining against his jeans.

Externally, he carries on. Internally, it's complete chaos- he’s screaming and tearing down the many memorized gravure magazine shots of Mai-Chan and the other faceless pairs of big tits, because goddamn if Taiga doesn’t feel good pressed against him like that.

From this realization, Aomine throws himself deeper into the contact, because Kagami doesn’t know of his inner turmoil, and he’s never denied his body anything. All he has to do now is ignore his boner and wait for Kagami to declare himself the Gay Chicken.

Kagami is trying not to grind his teeth, especially since Ahomine had just succeeded in raising the bar (as well as quantity of exchanged fluids) in their little game. A little while earlier, Kagami began to moan, and he’s not proud of the fact that is was involuntary. The groping, and sucking, and filthy, filthy sounds were worrying in two ways: the volume alone would be sure to attract someone’s attention and the ambient panting and slick noises were bringing up some other issues. 

Kagami is not a man that shies away from his more primal needs, yet finding himself practically on Daiki’s lap without remembering how he got there was unsettling enough to push back the cloud of lust surrounding his brain, and take drastic measures.

Or so he tells himself. He realizes later that his pleasure-addled mind was tricking him into thinking that his logical side was back in control. He listens to his instincts, which was always the best course of action