back a hurried 'in a second' and quickly washed off as much of the marker as possible before running downstairs and sitting down. His mother noticed his wet and not entirely cleaned up arms and gave him a slight knowing smile. Tadashi blushed and pulled his sleeves further down his wrists. He didn't look back at his arms until after he had eaten and put his dishes in the sink but when he did what he saw startled him. There were a few small yet immaculate kanji written on his wrist. He knew immediately it had to be a name and as he watched hiragana appeared beneath the kanji telling him it was pronounced 'Tsukishima Kei'.

Tadashi gaped at his wrist for a good thirty seconds before springing into action, grabbing his marker from where it lay abandoned on the bed and fumbling to write out his own name and the correct pronunciation right underneath the other one. He stared with bated breath at the letters as if it would make the other notice faster. As he watched he saw lines slowly appear in the shape of a greeting and once again fumbled to reply. He was about to ask the other how he was doing when another set of lines appeared on his skin. This time it was a question. 'What were all those x's before?'. He gulped. No one would want to be friends, let alone soulmates with him if they found out about his freckles. He was debating what to say when yet another set of lines appeared. This time it read 'You don't have to tell me but if you're going to be the most important person in my life I'd like to know more about you.'

'I have freckles'

He'd written it before he could think twice. He stared at those lines he had written without even realizing it and a horrible fear took hold of his throat and made it very hard to breathe. Oh god he'd told Tsukishima about his freckles. He'd hate him now! How could Tadashi have just blurted out such an important fact? How would he react? Would he try to be polite about it and then never talk to Tadashi again? As these thoughts buzzed around in his mind like a flock of mosquitoes Tadashi carefully looked back to his arm. Once again he found more lines there but not in the shape expected. In clear letters 'Oh that's cool, so every x was a freckle? You sure have a lot of them' was written out. Tadashi was stunned. Tsukishima didn't hate him? After a while Tadashi collected himself enough to reply with a slightly awkward 'Yeah' and another moment later he was able to form a proper sentence.

'So what were the lines?'

'Oh...' Oh no Tadashi had offended him! 'Those were constellations.'

Constellations? Like stars?

'Like stars?' He asked lamely.

'Yeah, I have a star-map in my room and some of the x's made constellations'

'Oh, that's cool!'

He was running out of space on his arm so he got up and walked to the bathroom and washed his arm before resuming his conversation with a simple 'So you like stars?'

The response was almost immediate.

'Yeah but dinosaurs are cooler.'

That night he barely got any sleep.

 

 

Talking to Tsukishima became a bit of a habit, just like doing his homework or being pushed in a ditch, and soon hey became good friends. Tadashi now had a good mental image of his soulmate, he was tall, blond and wore glasses. He was also, in-fact, a he, as Tadashi realized he had assumed when reading his name for the first time. For a while everything seemed to be perfect, with the bullying as the only constant negative, and even that wasn't so bad when he had Tsukki to look forward to. But was everything really okay the way they were? Tadashi was still being picked on now, would it always be that way?

It was a cold spring day right at the beginning of the school year and he was walking back home when it happened. Akahashi, Nishikawa and a third boy who Tadashi didn't know approached him with unpleasant smiles on their faces. Akahashi stepped forward and flung his backpack at him and the other two followed his lead.

"Yamaguchi your face is lumpy!" Nishikawa taunted.

"Why are you so puny? You'll be useless if you don't get some muscle, so you're on backpack duty!" Akahashi leered at him. Tadashi could feel tears starting to form in the corners of his eyes. The one he didn't know spoke up.

"Look he's crying!" He said with a wicked smile. "He's such a crybaby, Nishikawa you're much more worthy of the name 'Tadashi' than he!"

"I know" Nishikawa said. "Let's give him a new name!" His smile was even wider and crueler now. "How about Shitty-shi?"

Before the three boys could indulge in his misery more, something amazing happened.`A boy stopped walking