1 Arcobaleno = 14 classrooms, not including the training areas).

Tsunayoshi at this point in time was able to speak and understand Italian. She still had trouble reading and writing Italian, though.

Warning!: There will be a slight 1827. I apologize in advance to those people who don't like the pairing.

"Wao." ~ Italian, unless it's Kyouko and Tsunayoshi talking.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            



Characters


 

Sawada Tsunayoshi (female, 12 years old) – main character, clumsy; would trip over air, has a nickname ‘Dame-Tsuna’, very kind even to bullies, favourite colour – orange, favourite number – 27, favourite food - Salisbury steak, important people – mother, Nana; senpai, Kyouko, and Tetsuya; her current trainers

Physical appearance – height: short; hair: brown, short, unkempt; eyes: soft (warm) and kind, caramel, huge; expression: very expressive

 

Hibari Kyouko (female, 14 years old) – Tsunayoshi’s senpai, violent, likes cute and small animals, hates crowds and herbivores that causes disturbance, head of Disciplinary Committee, very honest, thinks that only herbivores lie, likes to fight with strong opponents, lived in same hometown as Tsunayoshi, likes traditional things when it suits her, Reborna’s god-daughter (Kyouko doesn’t know), favourite food – hamburger steak, favourite colour – purple, favourite number - 18

Physical appearance – height: average for Japanese; hair: black, long, usually tied up in a bun (easier to fight in); eyes: hard and cold, steel gray, narrow; expression: passive, bloodthirsty, smirk

 

Kusakabe Tetsuya (male, 14 years old) – Kyouko’s cousin, followed Kyouko to Italy, second-in-command of Disciplinary Committee, handles all administrative work

Physical appearance – height: tall for Japanese; hair: black, pompadour style; eyes: warm; expression: warm, gentle, frown

 

Fon (female, age – secret) – Kyouko’s aunt from the mother’s side of the family; and one of Tsunayoshi’s trainer, taught her how to mediate, known to Tsunayoshi as ‘Fon-sensei’; her personality is calm, peaceful, level-headed and fair, the complete opposite of her niece; her hair is usually tied up in braids, favourite food - Mapo Tofu, favourite drink - oolong tea

Physical appearance – height: average; hair: black, long, usually tied in a braid; eyes: warm; expression: slight smile, warm, gentle

 

Reborna (female, age – secret) – Tsunayoshi's main Spartan trainer, enjoys torturing Tsunayoshi, can read minds, can fire a bullet with accuracy within 0.05 seconds, Kyouko’s god-mother (secret), favourite food - nami flavored miso soup, favourite drink – espresso, catchphrase - Chaos

Physical appearance - height: tall; hair: black, wears a black fedora with a thick orange stripe running across the sides of the cone; eyes: black; expression: sadistic, frown



 





Arcobaleno Class for Sky students (10 students) [school year starts from Steptember to June]



 

1st Year:

 

Reborna – History, Math, Language 

Fon – Meditation, Martial Arts 

Lal Mirch and Colonnello – Obstacle Course, Physical Training, Weapons Training 

Verde - Science [Biology, Chemistry, Physics]

 

 




~1827~1827~1827~1827~1827~~1827~1827~1827~1827~1827~~1827~1827~1827~1827~



 



 




Chapter 3: The First White Day


 


Place: In Reborna’s torture chamb… er… classroom of the Sky section, female division



Time: In the morning, after lesson (theory in classroom, practical outdoor) 


 

“Dame-Tsuna, stay back for a while. The rest of you, I give you three seconds to disappear from my senses,” Reborna ordered curtly, one hand adjusting her fedora and the other reaching for her green gun. 

Within two seconds, only Reborna and Tsunayoshi were left in the classroom. Tsunayoshi stayed in her seat and stared warily at the Spartan demon… er… woman. She wondered briefly if she had done something to piss off Reborna again. Like failing her tests, but there were no tests this week… Besides, she did not have any bad feelings for this meeting, unlike her usual meetings with Reborna. 

“Tsuna, come over here,” Reborna crooked her finger (her hand had already left her fedora) to beckon Tsunayoshi over. Her other hand was however still on her green gun. 

Despite not having any bad feelings (her intuition told her that Reborna’s planning something that would definitely surprise her), Tsunayoshi still approach her trainer with caution (you could never predict what Reborna’s going to do). Reborna gave her an approving smirk and a nod.

“er… Reborna… is there something wrong…?” Tsunayoshi asked carefully as she stood near Reborna, her eyes darting from Reborna to the door and back to Reborna.

Instead of replying, Reborna tossed a package (which was flat and wrapped in bright orange wrapping paper) to her. Tsunayoshi managed to catch