. The Winchesters have caused us enough trouble, so quit trying to make deals, alright?”

Dean's patience was slipping. He was so close. “Bullshit. If you’re not here to deal why’d you come at all?” He slid his hand to the back of his jeans, reaching for Ruby’s knife.

“Like, I said, I came to tell you to stop try-” Dean rushed the demon, throwing his anti possession charm around its neck and holding the knife up to it’s throat. “Yeah. That’s right. You’re stuck, and you know what this knife does. Tell me where the fuck Crowley is or you die for real.” The demon sputtered, “LOOK MAN I FUCKING TOLD Y-” stopping short when the knife started to draw blood. The air around them started to reek of sulfur, and Dean pressed harder. At this point he wasn’t even listening to the words coming out of its mouth, he was just clenching his teeth and slowly crushing the things windpipe while slicing open its skin. There was no hope here, only disappointment and rage, and hot blood coursing over his hands. Something cut above the choking sounds and pleas, something far clearer, calmer, if a little spent.

“Dean.”

“DEAN.”

The pressure on the knife let up, Dean pushed the struggling demon away from him. As soon as it was free it tore the necklace off and jettisoned itself from the body it had possessed. The woman, still bleeding profusely from her neck fell to the ground and tried to gasp out cries for help through her mangled throat. Dean turned slowly. He was now facing Crowley, after months of work trying to find any demon who would rat on the king of hell, to a Winchester no less, and then more months probing a network of informants, here he was, standing on a dirt road in Wyoming, looking Crowley in the eye. He didn’t trust his eyes anymore, or much of anything for that matter, but if what he was seeing now was a lie, he didn’t want to know. “Crowley.” Crowley nodded, hesitated, then stepped forward, his long black coat flapping gently in the breeze.

“Yes.” Dean closed the gap between them and threw the knife to the ground.

“Take me to hell.” Crowley eyed him warily, then glanced toward the woman bleeding out on the ground beside them.

“What about her?” Dean didn’t spare her a thought.

“I don’t care.” His tone was determined and no part of Crowley questioned that statement.

“You sure have changed Dean-o.” He sighed and put his hand on Deans forehead. “You have to agree.”

“I agree.” Dean’s body crumpled to the ground as his soul was transported with Crowley.

They stood in his office, a large room with floor to ceiling windows on one side. The windows looked out onto hell fire, an endless sea of it, millions of tortured souls suspended throughout. The only source of noise was the pained screaming of the damned. “What do you want?” Crowley asked, knowing the answer. Dean looked at him, his eyes begging for a mercy no one could possibly expect from the king of hell. Dean didn’t expect it either, but he hoped he would have it. It was the only option he had left. “Bring Sam back.” They had both known this was coming, this exact conversation, this exact pause. Crowley had tried to avoid it, he’d fed Dean false information from the start, but he’d still found a way, he’d sent some low level demon in his place when Dean summoned, and yet still they were here. He didn’t quite know why he’d stepped in. Pity maybe, the closest thing to friendship either of them had? They had been a thorn in each other’s sides for a long time, but with that came a certain level of understanding, a closeness people like them weren’t often permitted. Dean looked back out the window to avoid meeting Crowley’s penetrating gaze. He had been on the other side of the glass before, he knew what it was like, what he was asking for would put him back there. In his mind, he faltered for a second, wondering if having Sam back was what he needed, what he wanted, if that could possibly change his life in any way that mattered anymore. It had been nearly 10 years since Sam died. Dean had lived without him. But a single thought of the world he lived in now, plane to plane, bus to bus, nothing and no one, banished every doubt from his mind, and he faced Crowley again. “Why?”

“He’s my brother.”

“And he’s been dead a long time, you’ve brought him back before, and he died anyway.”

“Are you trying to sell me some destiny crap? Huh? Sam’s dead because, what, it was