and this girl started coming onto me and she looked so much like you and I missed you cause I wanted you to come and she said her name was Y/N and and I just kissed her..."

Your face is blank. So he did cheat on you.

"B-but then Harry and Niall pulled me off her and took me home and I passed out as soon as I sat in the car. Please believe me, I didn't sleep with her, call Harry yourself and ask him if you don't believe me!"

His eyes were pleading, even if he didn't sleep with her he still kissed her.

"You still kissed her Ashton."

"I know, I know. It was a mistake, I won't ever do it again Y/N please."

"How do I know that Ashton? What happens when your drunk again and you see another girl with y/h/c and y/e/c? What happens if you don't have enough control and you kiss her? What happens if me or one of the boys aren't there and you sleep with her? I can't trust you anymore Ashton!"

Tears threaten to spill out of your eyes and Ashton looks desperate, the other boys have stopped what they were doing and now watch the rest of the scene unfold, Calum on the edge of his seat in case anything happens.

Ashton shuffles closer to you, your legs millimeters apart. He places his large hands on your thighs, closest to your knees as his thumbs stroke your skin.

"Please Y/N, I love you. I won't ever let it happen again. I won't even put myself in that position. I was stupid to get that drunk, please baby girl. I love you."

His face was close to yours now and you were looking down to the side at the floor, his left hand comes up to wipe a tear running down your cheek, then it goes behind your neck. He breathes out and rests his forehead against yours.

"Please," he mumbles in a broken whisper, tears choking his words. "Take me back baby."

When you don't respond, he tilts your head up and leans in slowly. His lips brush over yours as he speaks again, "Please Y/N."

His lips connect to yours, his hands pulling you closer as his lips move slowly against yours.

You speak during the kiss, "You get – one more – chance – you do something - like this again – and I'm gone – okay?"

He nods into the kiss and his left hand pulls your face even closer as you passionately kiss, his tongue slips into your mouth. You break away, lips swolen and panting, the other boys are smirking and trying to hold in smart comments and whistles as Ashton moves to sit between you and Michael on the couch.

Michael passes you a controller as you get comfortable between your boyfriend and the arm rest. He loops his arm over your shoulder and his left hand rests on your thigh, his fingers run over your skin.

You start to play Fifa with Michael, Calum and Luke, and Ashton leans down, his lips resting where your jaw and ear connect,

"I love you," he whispers and kisses down your neck.

You smile but don't say anything back, he frowns and pulls you even closer.

"When will you say it back?"

"When I'm ready."

 

All five of you were sitting at the dining table, a comfortable silence settles as Luke and Michael get up to clear the table and do the dishes, it was their turn and the threat of that you would take away the Xbox was the only reason they actually did it.

Ashton looks down at you, his eyes hooded but looking at you with so much love. He gently intertwines your fingers together and tugs on your hand, leading you into your shared bedroom, shutting and locking the hotel bedroom door behind him as he gently lays you on your back.

He hovers over you, his lips gently attach themselves to your neck and he presses light kisses over it. You tilt your head back and your fingers lace into his hair.

His face moves above yours, studying you for a few seconds, taking in every detail before leaning down and pressing his lips to your so passionately that you literally gasp into the kiss. His tongue slips into your mouth and you continue to kiss, you fingers occasionally tugging at his hair.

He pulls away and starts kissing your neck again as you let out a soft moan.

"I need to make you feel good, " he mumbles against your skin. "I need to show you how much I love you."

Ashton's lips suck on your collar bone as you gasp, "Ash..."

He looks up at you and you can't help but think this is the most handsome he has ever looked. His hair slightly tousled, his lips swollen and a desperate but passionate look in his eyes.

"Make love to me."

A smile tugs at his lips as he kisses you