the cloaked figure once again.

Relatively good humor gone, Cloud pushed the drink away, not trusting it for two reasons. One: it had not been purchased directly from the bartender. He knew the bartender always unsealed the drinks before handing them out. Two: it was a pitiful and poorly concealed plan to knock him unconscious so he could be taken advantage of.

He was disgusted, yet he was also intrigued and slightly afraid. What did this person want from him? He was absolutely sure that it was the same person, but how he had been able to follow Cloud so quickly without him noticing was beyond the blond. Casually, he passed the drink back to the stranger, staring him down and very nearly forgetting about his own drink. He waited there again, watching the other for any movement whatsoever.

He smiled softly under his cloak, pushing the sealed drink back to Cloud. He missed the blond and his mannerisms. His memories brought visuals of smiles, pouts, frowns... They weren't enough. Memories were dull pictures compared to the real thing sitting near him. He cursed the serpent for taking it all away from him. He cursed the limits on being a Guest of the lower world.

Cloud looked disgusted as he lifted the transformed vial and put it down. The Guest began to doubt himself again. Perhaps that wasn't a good choice to persuade the blond to drink the liquid?

The mortal woman was shooed out of the bar by the bartender before he and Cloud were more politely asked to leave. Taking the untouched bottle of liquor, he trailed after the blond, following him to the Kalm inn.

"I'm sorry, all of our rooms are booked," the lady at the desk said, genuinely apologetic.

Cloud cursed under his breath. Just his luck. He was at least grateful that he brought camping equipment with him wherever he went. He was just about to turn around to leave when he bumped into the stranger yet again.

"He can take my room," the cloaked figure declared.

Cloud nearly scoffed. This bastard was desperate, wasn't he?

"Do you two know each other?" the lady asked hesitantly.

Cloud was veering towards saying no, but something told him to find out exactly why that stranger kept stalking him. The weight of his base sword comforting him, he nodded in response to the question, stepping to the side to follow the stranger to his room.

Once the door closed, he got right down to business.

"Who are you? What do you want?"

The stranger merely pulled down his hood, revealing pale skin, sea green eyes, and impossibly colored long hair. He looked at Cloud expectantly, as if that would help with recognizing him.

It didn't, and the stranger knew it. "I wish you could remember..."

"Remember what?" Cloud was getting tired of the cryptic phrases. He wanted solid answers, and he did not want to dance around for them.

"You and I, we knew each other. We both lived together peacefully above, until you were sent down here."

Cloud only put a hand on his side to express his exasperation, but said nothing more.

"This will sound impossible, but please, hear me out."

Cloud didn't reply to that, only waited for the other to continue.

"You are not from this world, and neither am I. We are from the heavens above; immortal beings which look down into this world with envy."

"So, angels?"

"If that is what you'd like to call it, yes. This world is nothing like home, and I wish to return. However, I do not want to return without you."

"If you know me so well, then why can't I remember you? Do you honestly think I believe you?"

"No, Cloud Strife, I, Sephiroth, am not convinced that you believe me. The very idea seems farfetched, but it is true. You were the one that meant the most to me, and you were banished."

"Shut up." He'd had enough. Turning around, he speed walked to the door, stopped by a hand tugging him back. He reined in the urge to simply take his sword and use it against Sephiroth.

"Don't leave. Please. Listen to me; it's all I ask." Hands hastily – desperately? – turned him around to make him face Sephiroth. "Here."

The vodka bottle was in Sephiroth hands, and he kept pushing it into Cloud's arms, urging to blond to accept it. Each time Cloud refused, the silver-haired man grew slightly frantic. The bottle glowed a dull green and transformed, changing into a red vial that fit perfectly into Sephiroth's closed palm.

"How—? What—?"

"This is the only thing that will let us go back," Sephiroth explained. "As the Restriction disallows me from forcing you to do anything against your will, I could not – and would not – simply stoop to low levels to force you to return with me. I