eyes drooping and how he insisted on cuddling into Chanyeol’s chest as he tried to wipe his hand off into a tissue. “Mini,” he laughed as the bunny pulled himself as close as possible. “Isn’t your pie almost done?” The bunny suddenly perked up, and hopped off his owner’s lap, scampering into the kitchen without putting his pants back on. Chanyeol laughed as he watched him go, grabbing the discarded clothes and following after the smaller.

            After forcing the bunny back into his clothes, Chaneyol watched him pull out the pie and set it on the cooling rack. He had trouble trusting the younger in the kitchen – although he had proven himself again and again at being adept at cooking and baking – he always feared for the bunny when he reached into the oven to pull something out, or had to chop something with a bigger knife. He could always picture the bunny running, screaming to him with a burn or a cut on his hand – but it had yet to happen. “Looks good, Min,” he commented, walking over to sniff at the freshly baked pie. “We can each have a piece for dessert.” The bunny clapped excitedly in response. “What do you want for dinner?” Chanyeol asked, realizing he hadn’t planned anything for that night.

            “Hmm,” Minseok hummed. “Maybe spaghetti?”

            That was easy enough.

            Chanyeol glanced at the clock and figured an early dinner and movie night would be the perfect way to spend the rest of the day. He pulled out the pasta, put water on the stove, and got out the pasta sauce and meatballs to add in. “Why don’t you pick out a movie for after dinner?” Chanyeol prompted the bunny who was standing there watching him cook. Minseok’s droopy ears perked up and he nodded, running off to look at their movie collection.

            By the time Chanyeol had pasta and sauce for Mini, and the addition of meatballs for himself, placed on the table the bunny had a stack of potential movies stacked in the living room. “What are you thinking?” Chanyeol asked him as the bunny sat at the table, immediately digging into his pasta messily. “Slow down,” Chanyeol said quickly, pulling the fork out of his hand and grabbing a napkin to wipe at the red sauce around his chin.

            Minseok pulled away from his worrying hands and continued eating as he spoke. “I wanna watch Christmas movies,” he said simply. “Maybe The Santa Clause? Isn’t that one of Daddy’s favorites?” Chanyeol smiled and nodded – pleased that the hybrid had remembered that from the year before. “That would be good tonight – and then we can watch the others in the next few days.”

            “Sounds like a plan,” Chanyeol nodded.

            With stomachs full of pasta and pie, the two sat down to watch the selected movie. Minseok immediately cuddled close, bringing his blanket to pull around the two of them into a little cocoon just as the movie began.

 

            Christmas morning came way too soon. The few days Chanyeol had off had been a blessing as he and Mini wasted away the days gorging themselves on hot cocoa and sweets as they watched Christmas movies. Lazy days spent with his bunny had become Chanyeol’s favorite thing in the past two years. And the Christmas atmosphere made everything feel even cozier and more special.

            Christmas morning greeted Chanyeol with an early wake up and the task of slipping undetected out of bed to go put out gifts. He knew the hybrid didn’t believe in Santa anymore, but he still kept presents hidden to put out on the morning of the holiday as surprises. He peeked out the window to the sight of a misting of snow and frost over the grass and leaves, and his bare feet felt frozen on the wooden floors. He pulled out the gifts he’d hidden at the top of the hall closet, a shelf the tiny hybrid would never be able to reach, and set them next to the gifts their friend’s had left a few days before. Chanyeol turned on the lights of the tree and went to the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee and a mug of cocoa for Minseok.

            “Minseok,” He cooed when he went back into the bedroom. The bunny had ripped the blankets that had been on the human’s side over to his own and cocooned himself within them. The only visible sight of the hybrid was the caramel ears flopped over to one side. “Mini,” he whispered again as he petted over those ears. “It’s Christmas.” That had two big eyes poking out of their confines and gazing up at him.

            “Can we open presents?” Came the squeaky reply.

            Chanyeol laughed, “After we make something for breakfast, sure.”

            Minseok slunk out of his warm nest and followed Chanyeol into the kitchen where his steaming cup of hot chocolate was waiting. He warmed his hands that had gotten chilly from the cold apartment air that had yet to be warmed by the heater, and watched while Chanyeol made bagels for each of them – cream cheese for himself and peanut butter for Mini who couldn