his, but he needed to be held by Dean so he didn't say anything.

They got back to the camp, and as soon as they were in Cas' tent Dean started taking off Cas' shirts trying to find out where his injury was. "Dean," Cas tried to interject, but Dean was frantic. He had him completely shirtless and was running his hands over his chest and back. Cas finally had to yell "Dean! I'm not hurt. Okay..I'm not hurt!"

Dean looked confused. "You're not?"

Cas ran a hand through his hair. "No. This isn't my blood. It's the blood of those bastards that tried to kill me."

Dean ran his hand across his mouth and punched the lockers. "Dammit. Cas. You scared the shit out of me!"

Cas yelled back, stepping into Dean's space, "I scared you?? You were fucking dead, Dean! I can't even..." Cas let out a sigh and ran a hand across the back of his neck.

Dean rubbed the top of his short hair. "Yea... I thought I might have been. How am I standing here?"

Cas shook his head. "I don't know."

"Cas!"

"I don't know! Okay. One minute I am losing it thinking, fuck it. I'm done. The next my hands glow and you come back."

Dean grabbed his arm. "How the hell did that happen?"

Cas laughed sarcastically. "I don't know. Maybe I couldn't stand to see you dead. Maybe what little angel juice I had left knew all I cared about was saving you. Maybe my father isn't a complete and total dick and he decided to preserve an ounce of my sanity and not make me loose you too. Honestly, I don't care how. All I know is, if you hadn't of walked out of that garden today, the war would have been lost, cause I damn sure wouldn't have walked out either."

Dean had both of Cas' arms now. "Why? "

Cas yelled, pushing out of Dean's grasp, "Why do you think? Because I fucking love you!"

Dean grabbed him and slammed his back into the lockers, kissing him. "Say it again, Cas."

Cas grabbed him by the face. "I love you. Okay? I love you."

Dean's mouth came down hard on Cas'. Their tongues danced inside their mouths each seeking dominance. Their teeth scraped and bit at the other's lips.

Dean ran his hand's down Cas' body. "You swear you're not hurt?"

"I'm not hurt."

"Good. Cause I want you, Cas." Dean's hand slid down to cup Cas through his pants. "I want you right now."

Cas shifted his hips against Dean's hand. "I thought you'd never ask," he grinned.

Dean stepped back to remove his shoes and shirt. Cas had only gotten his shoes off when Dean descended on him again. His grip tightened in Cas' hair and kissed open, wet kisses down his neck while he undid his pants.

Cas' hands were busy taking off Dean's pants. They were in a sort of frenzy, both realizing how close they came to losing the other and not wanting to think about that one-second longer. Cas' pants dropped to the ground. Dean stepped back, removing his own pants, and Cas stepped out of his.

Dean lubed up his hand and hoisted Cas up by one leg. With the other hand, Dean slid two fingers inside Cas' ass and shifted his hips so his groin was rubbing against Cas'. Cas gasped, "Oh! Yes...Dean...fuck!"

Dean was in a hurry, but Cas was, too. Their movements were hard and punishing. Cas didn't care. This was the passion he sought out with Past-Dean. Stupidly thinking HIS Dean didn't still have it in him.

Cas was glad he was wrong. Dean slipped a third finger inside Cas as he started kissing him again. Cas moaned into Dean's mouth. Dean released his lips, his breath erratic. "You ready?"

Cas nodded, breathing unstable. "Oh, hell yes."

Dean pulled his fingers out and lifted Cas up, his back braced against the lockers. Cas braced his arms on Dean's shoulders. Dean quickly applied more lube to himself then slid Cas down effortlessly onto his cock. Cas stuttered out, "De-an!"

Dean's hand's were wrapped around Cas' thighs, and he was pounding into him. "Yes. Cas...need you...Cas."

Cas was panting and expanding with every thrust from Dean. "I know, baby...I know."

Dean's thrusts started to slow down as some of the adrenalin started to seep out. He started kissing Cas again. Opening his mouth, taking in as