.

 

 

-

 

Zayn can’t remember a time when everything was so easy. He realizes he should have braced himself for the blows that come with fame, the unwanted attention from people he is surrounded with and the constant probing in his life that he’ll never get used to.

Since the One Direction page posted his statement about leaving the band to become a ‘normal 22-year old’, he’s been on the headlines of every news and magazine articles that never seem to die out, one article after another springs up to keep the public in the know about the whole mishap surrounding him, and the lads. It’s scary how much bullshit the media feeds the people just for them to sell their papers; fabricating stories of no credibility just for the sake of publishing a material.

It’s been a while since he’s let himself do what he wants.

So now, he spends weeks holed up in his London mansion as he waits for everything to blow over. He uses up this time to mull things over, if this is really the life that he craves—out of the spotlight and out of the public eye. This bought him time to call off the engagement, resulting to the end of the relationship as well. All he earned from it was bad reputation anyway, so what's the point?

‘No use in staying if nothing makes you happy anymore’ seems to be the theme going on in Zayn’s life at the moment, so fuck it.

 

 

-

 

Trisha nurses him all throughout those weeks for him to recover from the emotional exhaustion he’s been experiencing for so long now. Being at home gives Zayn a feeling of relief and security that nothing else can give.

He’s missed waking up without someone banging on his door, urging him to get up before he gets his ass whooped. He’s missed waking up to the voices of his sisters arguing over the littlest of things in the morning in the Malik household, his mother’s cooking, and the solitude found within the four walls of their home— almost everything.

Maybe he could revert back to his old life like nothing happened.

 


Just maybe. 


 

-

 

 

The thing is Zayn has too much time on his hands being practically unemployed now. Sure, he enjoys the amount of time that he has for his family and leaves some for himself, just so he could stop himself from thinking about things that shouldn’t be crossing his mind anymore in the first place.

But there are just times where he just can’t keep himself from thinking what if he had made another decision, if he hadn't left the band and just fought through the issues that kept on jabbing him before he snapped. He convinces himself that he’s not that strong to get through all of that, and carrying on with his life like it was that easy to put it all behind them isn’t just like him.

Sometimes he just wishes it never happened at all. Wishes he just stayed in bed that day when his mum practically begged him to get up so they could travel to Manchester for the X-factor auditions.

But then again, if not for the X-factor he wouldn’t have met the most amazing people that changed his life, his four brothers that he gained along the way. (And one of them turned out to be the love of his fucking life, as cheesy as it sounds. He shouldn’t refer to Harry as his brother because it’s disgusting to consider someone that way when you know each other’s bodies better than your own.)

He looks around in his room, past the framed awards that just reminded him of how the five of them conquered the world together through their music, back when they were at the height of their fame that never seemed to die down—and into a framed photo seated atop his dresser.

 

It’s of he and Harry, back in their glory days. It was during the filming of Best Song Ever in Miami, one of their boldest attempts in letting themselves go.

 

With Zayn dressed as a sexy, sexy office secretary, Harry couldn’t find a reason to pass up on an opportunity when it presents itself to him. He pulls Veronica aside, Zayn’s character for the music video, before he was sent to the makeup chair again to have everything removed and Zayn makes a reappearance.

The two have just finished shooting their scenes together, in which Harry was required to take Veronica by the hand and pull her in against him quite aggressively, leaving only an inch apart between their faces and their mouths so so fucking close Harry could lean in and kiss him, while Veronica makes a show of refusing to be won over by Harry Styles.

Niall couldn’t stop laughing until he’s beetroot red, teasing Harry for being “so into his character” that time when he’s usually a pain in the ass when the boys are required to act. Louis gives him a disapproving look, the kind that screams "Abort mission! Abort mission!", as though he was hinting Harry that he’s practically so transparent