the call, and didn't let her out of his sight for the first month she was in SHIELD, who watched her erratic sleep those first nights, who looked at her as if she were a good person and taught her to lick her wounds instead of clawing her nails into her skin.

To Coulson, who read the mission protocols to her incessantly like he could convert her, and who cleaned up her cuts and bruises if something went south.

To Maria Hill, who looked at Natasha with unrelenting suspicion and never really let go of that, not even after years, not completely, and Natasha appreciated that more than almost anything, because it meant that not everybody in SHIELD was as stupid as those two men. Because it meant that if there was a chance of Natasha going back to what she once was there were people like Maria Hill to stop her – people who knew what to do with a rabid dog.

But they didn't matter, not really. She knew she could survive without them (the many times she watched Clint almost get killed and she was certain he had; that one time Coulson did get killed; the way Maria could never be a real friend, if Natasha did something as uncharacteristic as friendship) and she knew she wouldn't miss them for long and she would eventually forget. 

(she also thought she could survive without Captain America and maybe she could, but Steve, that's another story)

Not Fury, though.

Fury offered something more valuable than trust or friendship; he offered survival.

You are under my orders now he had said, before Natasha had been in any state to listen to him or anyone else. You are not allowed to die.

And Natasha had believed him.

That was the deal; but she had also thought it went both ways – he wasn't allowed to die. In her mind that was the only thing she required of him, not loyalty or understanding or love. Those were soft ideas, unfit to become tools of survival. Neither Fury nor her were in the business of soft.

He betrayed some sacred vow when he got himself killed – it doesn't matter that now it turns out he is alive and (relatively) well. He cut that thread. It wasn't even that he lied to Natasha. It was that even a mockery of death, even a purpose-oriented death, was still death. He broke his promise.

He had left her (even if just briefly) with nowhere to go. 

When you empty your head entirely, the vacuum will fill itself with the first voice it can. She never traded the KGB for SHIELD. She traded it for Fury.

"I am sorry, honestly," Hill says again, sounding mostly annoyed. 

"Don't worry," Natasha replies, and neither soldiers nor spies are self-indulgent but where the fuck does she fall, not in any of those two categories, that's for sure. She says: "If not even Captain America could trust me, how can I expect it from Director Fury? Or you."

"Steve? He said that?"

Soft, soft, soft, Natasha thinks, with bitternes, with a long-time-ago acquired sense of superiority. Soft, soft, soft as if she wasn't doing exactly that.

 

+ + +

 

She understands Sam the most. She understands the sudden renewal of his faith, and the way he lights up at Steve, not a single doubt in his mind, like Steve is the only place in the world worth belonging to. Natasha, if only recently, knows exactly what that feels like, wanting to be part of that, the inconvenient yearning it brings.

Except Sam is a good man, and there is room for a good man at Steve's side.

 

+ + +

 

She sees Steve walking towards the staircase.

"Is it time?" she asks.

"No, we still have some. I just – I'm going to go up and take a little breather."

Things people don't know about Captain America (and Natasha does): for a symbol of the people's hero, he is pretty fond of spending time alone. He often needs to be on his own, in that headspace. All those hours drawing, the way it makes him be apart from the world, and in it at the same place. Things people don't know about Steve Rogers (and Natasha does): he's a pretty complicated guy.

"You must have a lot of things in your mind," she says. "Maybe you should just simplify them."

"If you are going to tell me to stop thinking I can get Bucky back from whatever happened to him, you can save your breath."

She didn't mean that at all. It's not easy remembering she and Steve don't speak the same language. Some words overlap, sure, but most of the time it's a futile task.

She tries to lift her shoulders into a shrug but then she remembers it hurts too much.

"I'm not gonna tell you to