his daughter’s attention would stay diverted long enough to actually hold a conversation with Misha, Jensen slipped out the door down the hall to his office and flopped into his leather chair.

“Temporary escape plan successful,” Jensen chuckled, kicking his legs up onto the desk and leaning back in the chair. He was relaxed and happy. He was home with his girls enjoying his break, and now Misha on Facetime was the icing on the proverbial cake. He hadn’t talked to Mish in a couple of days and he missed their banter. It wasn’t the only thing he missed, but they couldn’t do much about that until the next time they saw each other, and that wouldn’t be until the con in Pittsburgh in a few weeks.

Misha’s contagious laugh pulled Jensen away from the less than PG place his mind had wandered. “Hey! You with me here, Your Highness? Pink is definitely your colour, by the way. You look like a frosted cupcake – good enough to eat.”

Jensen could feel the flush creeping up his neck. “Hey, not everyone can pull off drag quite like you.”

“Years of practice, Jen,” Misha countered with a salacious grin. “and, I really wasn’t kidding about the cupcake comment. You do look quite edible. I was reading this delicious little piece of fanfic the other day that…”

Jensen slapped his hands over his ears, sending a pink plastic flower clattering to his desk. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold it right there, fanboy. Don’t tell me you actually read that stuff. I thought you were joking around.”

“Why would I be joking? Some of those fans can really write! The stuff they have us doing, babe? Makes Penthouse Letters sound like a children’s bedtime story.”

“Oh my God, what exactly do they have Dean and Cas… “ Jensen froze mid-sentence while the meaning behind Misha’s words sunk in. “Wait a minute, did you just say us? Like Jensen and Misha?”

“Of course! You do know what Cockles is, don’t you?”

Jensen dropped his feet from the desk, picked up the phone and spun around in the chair. “Well yeah, I know it’s one of those things when they smoosh our names together. Like they do with Destiel. Wait a minute. Oh, shit!” The thought really hadn’t occurred to him. Jensen shook his head incredulously. “They write about us? ? I mean I know they like to imagine we’re together, and why wouldn’t they man – we’re hot together, but I didn’t know they actually wrote about it. Do I wanna know what they write?”

Misha grinned one of his delectable grins, one of the ones that Jensen had an almost impossible time resisting, and winked. “Of course you wanna know.”

Just that single comment, with that patented Misha wink and raised eyebrow, had Jensen squirming in his jeans. He glanced over at the open office door. With JJ playing down the hall, and what he assumed was going to be an innocent Facetime catch up with Misha, he hadn’t bothered to close it. Too late now.

Jensen leaned into the screen and whispered, watching while Misha visibly shiver at his words. “Tell me.”

Misha’s blue eyes noticeably darkened, giving away his intent..

“Just imagine us in Rome, Jen. A little too much whiskey, high from the adrenaline rush of being on stage, overheated from the lights. We end up back in the room and the first thing I do is shove you down onto the couch, strip off our sweaty shirts, and straddle your lap. I grab a cube of ice from the bucket on the table and place it on your collarbone. While the heat of your skin melts the ice and the water starts to trickle down your chest, I'm gonna lean in for a kiss, hot and dirty because I've been denied the taste of you for so long. Funny," Misha leaned in a little closer to the screen, looking noticeably flushed. "that's a little how I feel right now."

Jensen swallowed hard, not trusting his voice to come out as anything but a squeak. "You sure this is them writing? Or are you just makin’ this shit up to get me hard?"

"It’s all the fans,” Misha laughed. “Before long, they'd have me chasing the droplets of water down to your nipples and circling them until they harden under my tongue. My free hand would be inching down to the zipper on your jeans and shoving my hand in. Then Jared would walk in."

“What the hell?” Jensen snorted.

“Oh yeah, Jared always walks in. These writers just love to write him stumbling in on us.”

“How much of this shit have you read?”

“Enough to know that we don’t stop just because we’ve been interrupted. We keep going, Jen. I lick you and