with him during the day and share his bed a few nights a week. They might have been friends without the sex, eventually, but Dorian couldn't know for sure.

But Dorian did want to offer his help, so he leaned forward. The table pressed sharply into his elbows.

"You didn't enjoy the Fade, I take it," said Dorian quietly.

Iron Bull's mouth twisted. He cleared his throat and tipped his head towards Dorian, one horn nearly scraping along the wall. "No." His voice was low, barely discernible above the crowds. "No, I didn't."

"Is that why Cassandra and Cadash were smacking you with sticks?"

"Stick," Iron Bull corrected.

"Stick," Dorian repeated. He uncurled his fingers from the tankard. "Right. Did you...enjoy that?"

"Not in the way you're implying," Iron Bull answered, managing to look delighted and vaguely offended at the same time. He peered into his empty tankard, sighing, and pushed it to the end of the table. "The pain—it's part of a training exercise, like I said. A little distraction."

Of course qunari trained by hitting each other with sticks. Dorian fought the urge to roll his eyes. "Did it make you feel better?"

"It gives me a single thing to focus on. That makes everything simpler."

"Ah." That didn't make much sense to Dorian. He concentrated better with more work, more things to pay attention to. If there was only one problem, he focused on it so intensely that he never accomplished anything. He shrugged. "If it works for you, I suppose."

"Yeah, it does."

"Good," said Dorian, nodding. "I know it wasn't a good fight." He remembered seeing them appear in the main courtyard, bloodstained and weary. Varric had been so relieved to see Hawke again that he hadn't noticed Stroud was missing. "Not a clean one, anyway."

Iron Bull pressed the ice back against the bruises. "I've had worse. You get used to it."

"That doesn't mean you should," said Dorian. He meant to joke, to tease, but he gave his words too much weight. They lingered thickly in the air, deafening over Bull's silence. The floor shook under his feet. People stomped and clapped along with the music, oblivious to their conversation.

Eventually, Iron Bull said, "Better me than someone else."

Dorian looked at all the scars branching across Iron Bull's skin and wondered how many came from Bull stepping in front of a mortal blow. More than once, Bull had protected Dorian from angry foes and their blades, and Dorian had seen him do the same for others. He shrugged off blows as if they meant nothing, even after his skin was dark and sticky with blood.

"Well," said Dorian, trying to fumble his way back to his original point, "if you want to—talk, or something—"

"I'm good," Iron Bull cut in. "I process this shit quickly."

Dorian remembered all those nights Bull sat silent and still with Vivienne, but he said nothing and leaned back, nodding.

"Thanks, though," Iron Bull added. He nudged Dorian's knee with his. "I appreciate it."

Finally, the song came to an end, and people applauded. The bard took a bow, her cheeks flushed.

"You're too nice to me tonight," said Iron Bull slowly. He studied Dorian, eye flicking from Dorian's features down to his hands, still resting beside the tankard.

Dorian bristled. "I'm always nice."

"I think you want something."

There were more than a few things Dorian wanted, especially after so long, but he had no interest in pursuing any of them if Bull wasn't interested. If Dorian knew anything, he knew how to wait. "Perhaps."

Iron Bull didn't reply, though his gaze was as heavy as his touch. He stared openly at Dorian's mouth, which was about as subtle as Bull ever was with him. He always waited for Dorian to ask first.

"If you still need a distraction," said Dorian, and let Iron Bull imagine the rest of the sentence.

Iron Bull's mouth split into a crooked grin. "You want a turn with the stick?"

"Not really." Something flickered across Bull's face, too quickly for Dorian to decipher. "Unless—"

Words disappeared from his tongue. He had no idea if Iron Bull was talking about that Qunari exercise, or if this was about sex. Pain wasn't a part of their dalliances. Dorian had been tied up and held down and marked, but Bull never hurt him intentionally. Sometimes, he had aches and the occasional discomfort, but that was to be expected, given the sheer size of the man. There was a reason Dorian used to get blind drunk before spending most of the night in Bull's