heard of Hachinoko. It didn't mean that he'd be willing to eat it of course, but he was at least familiar with the dish.

Halloween was a western holiday. L had let is slip that he had played tennis in the UK, and it was probably safe to assume that he had probably spent a lot of time in western countries. Perhaps he had picked up some of their fears as well. Most westerners had an unhealthy fear of bugs, and they hated the thought of eating them even more. Light smirked as he refined the plan in his mind. Best of all, it was a prank that could be written off as an innocent misunderstanding.

Unfortunately, he couldn't leave the building and risk having Rem follow him around. He called Misa up on her cell phone.

"Light, what is it? I miss you already even though I only left yesterday! Don't worry Misa Misa is going to the park like you said right after her photo shoot."

"I've had a change of plans, Misa. I need you to pick up a few things for me from the bakery and bring them to the task force headquarters."

"Yay! Are we going to have a date?"

"No, Misa, the task force is having a party."

"Well as long as Misa gets to see her Light, she'll be happy. What do you need?"

Light described the items.

"That's like, bugs? Gross."

"It's for a fun prank Misa."

"Oh yes, Misa Misa knows all about Halloween because she loves to dress up! Should I dress up? What do you want me to dress up as, Light?"

Light grit his teeth. "Anything you want is fine."

"Ok, bye Light. I love ~you~."

Light hung up the phone. He wasn't sure if it was worth it to put off the Kira killings, but what was only one day if he had the chance to freak L out?

.

True to her word, Misa showed up a few hours later wearing a skimpy black lace vampire costume and carrying a stack of boxes. Light went out to the front of the building to help her carry them to the elevator. Most of the treats he had Misa buy were normal, but there was a box of specially prepared wasp pupae just for L. Light selected the appropriate box and walked over to where L was finishing eating a pumpkin flavored ice cream cone.

"Trick or treat, Ryuuzaki." Light handed the box over to L.

"Thank you, Light. But actually, saying "trick or treat" is traditionally a way of soliciting a gift, with the implication being that a prank will be played if no "treat" is given."

Trust L to take all the fun out of holidays.

L took one of the honey-glazed wasp pupae out of the box, blinked at it for a moment, then popped it into his mouth.

Light tried to keep his jaw from dropping. L, the sugar-addict, who ate mountains of donuts cake and ice cream on a daily basis, was willingly eating a wasp pupa? And he wasn't freaking out screaming, or falling on the floor at the idea of eating a bug?

L chewed and swallowed, then reached for another pupa. "It's been a while since I've had hachinoko. Thank you, Light."

Light tried to recover from his shock. "You've eaten bugs before?" he asked hesitantly.

"Of course. I've worked cases in numerous countries, and insects are a cheap source of protein.  Just because you've only ever seen me eat sweets does not mean I'm not willing to eat other food as well."

Misa chose that inopportune moment to attach herself to Light's arm. "Light~ didn't you say there was something special you wanted me to do?"

Light's eye twitched. "Yes, I asked you to pick up food from the bakery. Thank you Misa."

"Oh, but I was sure you meant something else~" she ran a hand up his arm suggestively.

Light tried prying her off, but she was stuck as tightly as a piece of gum on the sidewalk.

L was watching their exchange intently.

"No, that was all I was talking about. I just wanted it to be a surprise, that's all."

Misa hugged his arm tighter. "Misa is glad to make you happy Light!"

"It's interesting that you didn't leave the building to buy the sweets yourself," L mumbled under his breath.

Light felt his blood run cold. Would L try running tests to see who the Shinigami followed. Crap. Foiled by a prank. One that didn't even work.

L stared at Light for a few moments. Then he broke into a huge fake grin. "Everyone, I have an announcement to make!"

"To celebrate, I have decided to fly everyone here on my private jet to New York for some authentic trick or treating