At 5:15 pm, Kakyoin Noriaki was fatally wounded.

Everything happened far too fast. No, not fast. Instantaneously. In one moment, his barrier was broken and his life was long lost. Kakyoin slammed into a water tower, a large part of himself missing. Dio had stolen his life for a second time. This time, though, he wasn't getting another chance, and he knew that. But that was okay, because he had figured out the final mystery.

The broken clock served as Kakyoin's final message. He had done what he set out to. He had revealed the secrets of Dio's stand, The World. That was his purpose, his goal. He had been well prepared to lose his life to do this. Maybe he had even expected to. 

It didn't matter now though, Kakyoin supposed. He was glad that he had been useful; he had no regrets.

At 5:17 pm, Kakyoin Noriaki ceased to draw breath.

 

 

At 12:35 pm, in a very different and yet similar place, Kakyoin Tenmei woke up.

It was odd for him to sleep in this late. He felt like he had a dream, maybe an important one, but he couldn't recall anything. Absentmindedly, he touched his stomach gently. The loud vibrating of his phone on his bedside table broke him out of his trance. He smiled while he checked his new messages. 

From Jotaro, several pictures of his daughter, Irene. She was only 6, but she was already picking up parts of her father's personality. The good parts, he thought to himself, smirking. Kakyoin visited as often as he could and often babysat Irene; consequently, she had grown to like him very much. He found that he had taken quite a liking to her as well.

From Polnareff, various pictures and videos he didn't fully understand but ended up laughing at. Kakyoin found Polnareff's sense of humor a bit confusing, but he knew Polnareff enjoyed these things, so Kakyoin always did his best to respond enthusiastically. He had learned it was generally better not to ask for an explanation, because he usually ended up more confused.

From Avdol, a continuation of their daily discussion, which never quite had an end in sight. Kakyoin generally came to Avdol for advice, or just when he wanted someone to talk to. Avdol always knew how to answer, always knew how to make Kakyoin feel better. For that, Kakyoin treasured their friendship.

From Joseph, music recommendations and pictures of Iggy. While they had differing tastes, Kakyoin and Joseph still recommend songs to each other on a near daily basis. Because of Joseph, Kakyoin had grown to like a lot of older music he probably wouldn't have even tried before he met Joseph. Then there was Iggy; Joseph had adopted Iggy some years ago, and the two were inseparable now. Iggy wasn't quite friendly with Kakyoin, but he tolerated him, which was a step up from biting.

Setting his phone down, Kakyoin decided to respond to his friend's messages after he took a shower. As he stood up, he suddenly felt overwhelmed with emotion. He didn't quite understand why; this morning was like most others, if not a little later in the day. But he was happy. He was exceptionally happy and he couldn't stop smiling.

At 12:43 pm, Kakyoin Tenmei cherished the fact that he was alive.