thought pranking would cure me, but Moony knew better.
“We were out by the Lake when we saw Snivellus, and we decided to play a prank on him. Everyone was out by the lake, and when Padfoot pulled Snape’s pants down for the world to see, she came to his rescue. She had an odd relationship with him. Everyone knew he loved her, except her, of course. Apparently, they were childhood friends. Wouldn’t have known that by how he treated her. That day by the lake, he looked at her with the utmost contempt and slurred the word, ‘Mudblood,’ her way. Somehow, Moony knew that something like that would happen. It always does when we go on prank sprees. If they aren’t thought out, they aren’t executed well.
“That marked the last time I pulled a serious prank on Snivelly. Yeah, there was the occasional fight in the hall (Not as bad as her's and mine), and hexes usually flew, but nothing more than that. But he couldn’t stop there. I was fine to admit defeat, but he had a grudge, which is understandable; I did torture him up to that point. On one of the full moons, he discovered Moony’s ‘Furry Little Problem’ the hard way. He should’ve been grateful that I saved his arse.
“After that, I sobered up; I matured. She didn’t notice, though. Thought I was still the ‘arrogant toe rag’ that I was in first year. Then, in the middle of sixth year, my father died. A war raged inside of me, one of depression and anger. They battled to see who would come out on top.
“At one point that year, I was sitting in my favorite nook in the library (Far east in the window-seat), when she approached me. I didn’t even hear her feather-light footsteps or her clearing her throat. I do remember the feel of her hand on my shoulder when she realized I was lost in the turmoil of my thoughts. It was soft, light, but reassuring. She was never like that before. Turning, her face shocked me. It wasn’t one of anger, disgust, or superiority; it was one of sorrow, kindness, and trust. Something had changed in her, and I couldn’t stop the one tear from escaping. She took a seat next to me and we watched the sun set over the lake without saying a word.
“That next summer changed me. Without my father, I had more responsibility and I matured. Padfoot thought it was for the worse, but it wasn’t. I was still the same boy that flushed Snivelly’s diary down Moaning Myrtle’s toilet in fourth year. The only difference was that I had grown up. We all have to sometime. Padfoot just didn’t think he would ever have to.
“When our Hogwarts letters arrived and a small pin fell out of mine, Padfoot went bloody nuts. The day before we left for the train, he simmered down, realized I could be an ally as Head Boy. He wouldn’t ever get in trouble from me, I’d have more clearance to do things, and he could wreak havoc wherever he went, as long as a teacher or the Head Girl didn’t see.
“It came as no surprise to me when she walked into the Prefects compartment on the Hogwarts Express exclaiming that I couldn’t be Head Boy, I wasn’t even a Prefect. Of course, the thought of sharing the Head’s Dormitories with me was ridiculous. Too bad she had to come to terms with it.
“About a month into seventh year, she realized I had changed completely. Like Padfoot, she realized I wasn’t the same, but unlike him, her reaction was positive. On patrols, we talked. It wasn’t anything big, just small talk, but I felt a bond forming between us. Almost like we were friends.
“One night, she came to patrols with a tear-stained face, telling me of her run-in with Snivellus on her way to meet me. She broke down in front of me. I always thought she was strong willed and would never break. Somehow, I thought she was indestructible. In that moment, I realized I was wrong. She needed support, someone to help her through the hard times. Without thinking, my arms engulfed her. Pressed against my chest, tears streaming, I realized, more than ever, that I love her.
“I love her. Her hair. Her smile. Her silly expressions. Her humming “Yesterday” under her breath (I asked her one night during patrols.) Her green, green eyes. Her short skirts. Her baggy shirts. Everything. All of it. Nothing in-between.
“My hands were tingling. She sobbed into my shoulder while I stroked her hair. I felt like my world was crashing down around