get. Here it goes anyway," she narrowed her eyes. "Give up and bring me to your leader."

The gang members looked at each other, then charged at her at once. Ruby sighed and spread her feet, raising her fists in front of her.

"One day, that's gonna work."

Superhero movies always made defeating waves of bad guys look so easy, but as Ruby had already learned since she had discovered her powers, those really weren't the most trustworthy guides for reality – even her reality, in which she wore a cape and ran faster than a car.

Catching a punch? Her hand hurt a lot every time. Taking out one bad guy at a time? Nope, they were always quite eager to gang up on her. Flashy combat pirouettes, spins, and all that? It was embarrassing to imagine how clumsy she must look from an outsider's perspective.

Nonetheless, Ruby kept up the fight, keeping in mind what her sister had taught her. She'd have to thank Yang later, because she was pretty sure she would be in a really bad shape right now if it weren't for her training.

More than half of the bandits were already down, but their buddies didn't look like they were about to give up anytime soon. Ruby backed up a bit, her eyes wandering quickly over the cowering clientele of the bank to make sure they were all okay, then brought her fists in front of her again.

"Bring it on." She said, silver eyes sparking with determination.

They charged her as one, aiming punches and kicks, but Ruby dropped her stance and dashed to the side, then kicked against a wall and boosted herself towards them, tackling one to the ground. She kneeled on top of him and looked up, now surrounded.

Not waiting for them to take advantage of her position, Ruby jumped to her feet and, in the same motion, uppercut a bandit, knocking him out. She spun around and punched blindly, luckily making contact with another's chest and taking him out too.

Before she could try anything else, a bandit behind her wrapped his arms around her armpits and pulled her back against him. Ruby kicked and tried to break free, but he was too strong – or, more likely, she was too weak.

A female bandit stepped in front of her and scoffed. "Without her weird powers, she's just a defenseless little girl," she said. "A little girl who needs to be taught a lesson!"

She punched Ruby in the cheek, making her head snap to the right. The attack wasn't powerful enough to actually hurt her, but it stung a lot and left her stunned. Ruby let out a shaky breath, then flinched as another punch snapped her head to the left.

Never panic, she remembered Yang saying. Panic, lose focus, and you're done.

Ruby steeled herself, and when the next punch came, this time aimed directly at her nose, she let its weight drive her back without resisting. The impact of the blow sent the man holding her stumbling back, yelling angrily at his partner. Ruby pulled her head forward, then back, hitting him straight in the forehead and sending him sprawling to the ground.

Still falling, Ruby trust her legs out, kicking her former assailant's belly and making her squirm in pain. She spun and braced herself on the ground, then rose back to her feet.

The only remaining bandit had gone back to the guns she had left on the ground and picked one up, and was now aiming it at her. "Move, and I'll shoot!"

Ruby sighed, relieved that he was aiming at her, and not a bystander. She wasn't sure she was could run faster than a bullet, much less catch one, and she wasn't eager to find out in practice either.

She ran forward at full speed and stopped right in front of him, all in a mere second. He continued to point his gun where she had been standing for a while, then looked down in surprise.

"Heya." Ruby grinned, then knocked him out with a well-aimed punch to the face.

She beat her hands together and looked around. Noticing how everyone was staring at her, she blushed and lowered her eyes to the ground.

"Uh…" She mumbled, dragging the sole of her shoes against the floor. "So, are there any other bad guys still around, or what…?" One of the bank's customers raised a shaky hand and pointed to a hallway at the back of the room. "Okay thanks bye!"

Ruby ran off, leaving behind a trail of petals and a group of very confused people.

Glynda paced in the street in front of the bank, surrounded by a dozen police and Beacon cars sounding their sirens nonstop. They had set a perimeter around the area to keep civilians out of danger, but that hadn't driven them away. People were eager to see how the situation would end, either out of compassion and hope, or