or even care that you threw up all over the kitchen. Saw you bringing home a different guy every night from the time I was ten and not even bothering to know their name yet letting them walk around naked like they owned the goddamn place exposing me to that bullshit."

"Shit that you like now, right? Getting that ass of yours eaten out and fucked like a little slut. Ain't like you didn't get your little dick sucked a good time or two once I was done with those spoiled ruins who called themselves men."

"I never fucking did that."

"I must've imagined it then. Watching you get sucked off by man decades older than you in the middle of the night when they thought I was dead sleep."

"You might as well have been since you were always fucked up. I never let none of your disgusting flings touch me."

"Lie to my goddamn face again and see if I don't smack the shit out of you right here in front of everyone."

Louis' eyes stung with tears but he refused to let them fall, clenching his jaw and stuffing his trembling hands into his pockets. "You know what? Be an ungrateful little bitch all you want but there's no way you're getting out of here till you get it together. I love you and I've considered you my Mom always, but I don't owe you a goddamn thing after everything I've done to help you. Once you stop thinking that getting high is more important than that, you'll realize how wrong you were about ever treating me like a pile of dirt." He quickly turned and made his way out of the visitor's room, ignoring the few stares from people who overheard their conversation and just focusing on getting the hell out of that place he hated so much. He was always reminded of why he told himself he was never coming back and that scene was one of the main reason why. The second main was the amount of tears he wasted on being upset over it.

That Friday couldn't have come soon enough and yet it was the longest week of Louis' life. Between exams, dealing with the other sugar babies, Zayn, and his demanding friends, he felt exhausted and was ready to see what Harry had up his sleeves with making them meet up at the sex club downtown. The four of them hadn't done anything as Harry has wanted to, but they had seen each other throughout the week and talked a bit more about this whole 'having sex' with each other ordeal and Zayn's surprise for his birthday coming up in a little more than a month. Niall and Liam were still kind of on the fence about the whole thing, but Louis really didn't give a shit, as long as all of this didn't blow up in their faces when it came to Zayn

He got to the sex club titled, Rory's Palace, first, watching as Liam arrived second then Harry and finally Niall. The four of them walked inside behind Harry who knew the owners and had gotten them a special spot in the VIP section on the roof of the establishment. As soon as they stepped in, Louis' eyes rested on the two greeters, wearing nothing but g-strings, locked in a cage with two muscular men wearing tight boxer shorts wiping them every time someone entered the establishment. The further they went in, the more they saw--- stages set up, strippers being drowned in all kinds of bills, men getting sucked off on the floor or fucked up against the bar. It was ridiculous to say the least and Louis was beginning to fear for Liam's state of mind in that moment considering he was the shy one in the group. A man wearing nothing but a cloth over his cock walked up and offered them neon colored tube shots, each sugar baby grabbing one and toasting to a good night out before tipping their respective tubes back. Once they made it to the roof floor, where it was a lot less crowded, they sat down on a huge half circle couch and were immediately served drinks, compliments of the bar.

"I have to admit... this place is fucking amazing," Liam mumbled, that same shyness still traced in his voice, but he seemed oddly relaxed.

"It's gotten a lot wilder over the years, I'll tell you that. The owners started it off as a lowkey strip bar before turning it into, basically, a brothel, before it became into this. Not sure it's entirely legal, but it's still standing so," Harry shrugged, taking a sip from his Long Island Iced Tea, leaning back against the plush pillows provided.

Louis took in the view of the city, kneeling on the couch backwards and leaning against it, a small smile over printed over his alcohol kissed lips. "Wish I knew this place even existed. I'd probably come here every weekend looking for a good time."

"We can have a great time tonight," Harry suggested, the smirk on his face growing bigger with