clearly drowsy girl who'd nearly passed out on the bed.

Louis leaned over her, seeing her eyes were closed and put his finger just below her nose and felt for her steady breathing. "She's still breathing, just needs to sleep off the medication. Liam said it was enough —"

"Medication!" Valentina nearly screeched, pushing herself up onto her elbows with her eyes wide open like a deer in head lights. "You drugged me?!"

"And you're obviously a faker, we're even." Louis laughed, getting up off the bed.

Suddenly everything made sense, the flustered girls, the weird questions when Valentina had met them, everything. It all made perfect sense, "You bastards kidnapped me! You were picking out girls during your meet and greet, weren't you!"

"No, we were looking for you." Niall answered, stepping back towards the door some in case he needed to get the others. "Not you specifically but in the end you're the one we wanted."

She shook her head, "Wanted? Wanted for what?"

Louis was amused at this point, finding Valentina's cluelessness and confusion entertaining. "You'll find out soon enough, love." He nudged Niall towards the door, "Get some rest, you'll need it once we're back home."

"Home?" She repeated, looking down and looking up just as the bedroom door was closing. Then it clicked, and she jumped up to open the door but it was of course locked. "Hey, come back! You're not taking me anywhere but my own home!" 

Valentina pounded on the door, mustering all her energy. "Let me go! My dad will be looking for me if you don't and, and you can't do this! I'm a person, let me go you assholes!"

The door was yanked open abruptly, making Valentina jump backwards but she instantly scowled the moment Harry walked into the bedroom with a cheeky smile. "Stop smiling, you and the others are sick fucks! You're nothing like I thought and I want to leave, now!"

"Valentina babe, this would all go a lot smoother if you'd stop yelling." Harry spoke levelheadedly, "Take a seat and I'll explain."

She huffed, crossing her arms over her chest and purposely didn't sit down because Harry had told her to do so. "Explain then because this looks a lot like kidnapping to me, and you guys drugged me."

His calm expression seemed to fade away at her persistent snappy attitude, "Let's get some things straight before anything, yeah."

"No, I want to leave." Valentina stubbornly spoke.

"Well you're not!" He shouted over her demanding voice, "Not now, not ever so stop complaining."

She shifted her weight on her feet, pursing her lips together. 

"You're ours now so adjust, or we'll make you." Harry instructed, wanting to nip her attitude in the butt before it got worse — if that was even possible.

"You're going to have a hell of a time making me do anything, you're all perverts. I'm only seventeen and —" her words stopped when Harry abruptly grabbed her, tossing her down on the bed.

"Liam." Harry called over his shoulder, keeping his focus on Valentina. "Listen you little twit, you're not going to speak to me like that. You do what I say, when I say it and nothing more. Understood?" He explained, getting within inches of her face as he leaned down towards her.

She scowled, immediately looking away so her tough façade wouldn't crack. 

Harry grabbed her face, making her inwardly whine at his roughness. "Look me in the eyes when I'm speaking to you."

Valentina jerked her head back, scoffing at his actions. "Get the fuck away from me." She spat angrily. 

Liam had walked in without either of them noticing, "I told you she'd have an attitude problem, the pretty ones always do." He commented from behind Harry, earning a laugh from the brunette and daggers from the dark haired girl on the bed.

Harry let go of her face, backing off some. "I like the feisty ones, they fuck like bunnies."

Her face heated up at Harry's assumption, looking away from the both of them and for once kept her mouth closed.

"Huh," Liam smiled when he noticed her silence. "She's a virgin, aren't you?"

"I guess we're just going to have to change that," he attempted to touch Valentina's cheek but she smacked his hand away before he made contact. 

"Neither of you are coming anywhere near me." Valentina stated confidently, crossing her legs and arms — seemingly securing her body. 

Liam moved quickly and grabbed her wrists, pinning her down on the bed and straddled her chest. 

She grunted, trying to throw Liam off her body but