a desk. No big deal.”

“........ You’re so weird.”

“And you’re adorable. Now give Ron a hug and go to class.” Hermione ran out of the room, confused and blushing like a maniac. “Toodles!” Perry shouted after her, silently laughing at her friend.

“What was that for?” asked Charlie, who was splayed across the couch.

“Well, obviously Hermione likes Ron, and Ron evidently likes Hermione back by the way he’s giving me a death glare.” Ron was indeed giving Perry a death glare as he tried to sit on Charlie’s legs. Charlie quickly moved out of the way to avoid being squished.

“Someone’s a good detective.”

“Obviously I’m the BATMAN!” At the word “Batman”, she jumped up from her seat and struck a super-hero pose as Harry walked into the room like a ninja.

“No, I’m Batman. Because I’m Batman. Duh,” said Harry as she hit the blonde girl upside the head.

“That really hurt, Batty.”

“Bats.”

“Batty.”

“Bats.”

“Batty.”

“THOR!” Ginny cut in, abruptly ending the daily argument.

“Hi Gin-gin.”

“You make me sound like an alcoholic drink.”

“Welcome to my world, kid.”

“But Perry isn’t an -- ohhhhhhh yeah that name.”

“Yeah. Idiot.” Perry said as she sprawled on the side of the couch that Ron had just gotten up from, her feet in Charlie’s lap. Charlie was unphased by this. Or at least, seemed to be to Perry. But then again, Perry has the attention span of a goldfish, so by the time Charlie reacted, she was already reading her book that seemed to appear out of nowhere. Because of this, she merely twitched when Hannah Abbot sent her a jealous glance.

“Ok, savages! We’re going to be meeting dragons today.”

“Can we keep them?”

“The mini-ones, yes.”

“Heck yeah!” Perry proceeded to start babbling excitedly, but she was stopped by a spell sent by a very annoyed Hannah.
“Silenceo!” The blond fell silent.

Well, I hope yalll like it so far! An explanation will be up soon. Hopefully.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


You open your eyes to a swooping ceiling, dull balls of light attempting to kill all of  the shadows. ‘Wait,’ your mind tells you.‘ A swooping ceiling? I don’t recognize it...’ and you don’t recall ever being here before, except for maybe in a movie. You sit up, discovering that you are laying on a thin-ish mattress. You rub your eyes, and look up to see a figure reading a book in front of you...


“Hello?” Your voice is raspy. How long were you asleep? The girl looks up, and her chocolate-brown eyes widen.

“Oh my gosh, you’re awake! Yays. Hi! I’m Perrin. Call me Perry.” You give her a once-over. She’s just under six feet tall, with a tired-looking heart-shaped face. Her eyes are a bright brown that hold a storm of emotions. Her right eye is (loosely) covered by bangs that are just too short to get tucked behind her pierced ears. She is wearing thickly-framed glasses, a Slytherin t-shirt under a black hoodie, and some jeans that seem just a bit too big around her waist.

“Hi. What’s going on here? Where am I?”

“Well, I’m going to explain a few things to you, and we’re in the Room of Requirement.”

“Oh. Okay. Where is everyone else?”

“You wouldn’t know what they looked like anyways.” She turned around, waved her wand, and a projector-thingy appeared. “That’s what I’m here to explain.” I sat and watched the screen as a caption appeared.

“Harry Potter...” You say to yourself, reading the black words on the screen. Perry gives a flick of her wrist and an image appears, and not of who you expect. You expected a light-skinned, green-eyed, black-haired teenage guy to appear, but you’re shocked to see a light-brown-haired, brown eyed teenage girl appear. You begin to ask why this random chick is on the screen, when Perry begins to talk again.

“This is my universe’s Harry Potter. Yeah, it’s a girl, and she has a different backstory, and she’s not self-centered, so, in the long run, the only thing that the Harry Potter you know and the Harry Potter I know have in common is their names. Does that make sense?” Dazedly, you nodded. Even though the girl in front of you was talking abnormally fast, you could still somehow understand her. She waved her wand again and the ‘Harry Potter’ page