head whips around fast, his shoulders tense, fists clench, he isn’t Bucky Barnes, he is James Rogers, if he has to be anyone, he’s never told anyone about Bucky, nobody knows, nobody will know, the only person who knows is—Steve.

And he’s standing there, on the trail below Bucky, his ridiculous chest heaving, sweat and fabric plastered against his skin, a look something between confusion and hope on his face, and what are the odds that he runs into Steve here, in New York City, with its millions of people and millions of places?

Steve, Bucky-himself breathes, pulling up a thousand different memories of that same hangdog expression on Steve’s face, the instant willingness to do absolutely anything for this man. Rogers, ghost-himself hisses, residual instinct and the memory of his first and last unfinished mission. He ignores that voice, though, has gotten used to picking through his mind and isolating it, plucking out the bits of darkness as he finds them, though there are still a thousand more bits wedged in him. 

But he is not Bucky and he is not a ghost, and James is bound by neither. 

“Bucky,” Steve says again, the furrow between his brows creasing even more, and he realizes he hasn’t said a word. He turns, to look at Steve, and thinks, quite faintly, that he’s changed too. His hair is different, shorter, more modern. His face is more guarded, hardened and sharpened by experience and disappointment—he knows what that looks like, he wonders what his own face looks like now. He thinks, briefly, that the two of them are the same, just falling in opposite directions, a winter soldier and a patriot in a thunderstorm. 

“Steve,” he says, quiet, and Steve smiles—hesitant but bright, just the way he remembers Steve’s smiles to be. Hopeful.

Steve takes him back to his apartment in Brooklyn, a moderately-sized, worn-in place, muted colors and soft lines, like a blanket or a particularly nice memory he thinks of sometimes, a blonde woman—Sarah Rogers, a voice in his head whispers—smoothing down both their hair. 

“What’re you doing in New York, Buck?” Steve asks, hovering in the doorway between the kitchen and the living room. Steve’s already run back and forth between the two a couple of times, offering water and sandwiches and even beer. He took the water, but not the sandwich or the beer, but he doesn’t know whether to sit or stand, to get ready to run or make himself comfortable, because he knows what Bucky would do and what the ghost would do, but he doesn’t know what James who he sometimes is now would do, so he compromises, props himself on the arm of the sofa, one hand with a glass of water in it and the other resting on the sofa.  

“Nothing, really,” he replies, “passing through. Looking for a job and a place to stay for a while,  I guess.” 

“You can stay with me, if you want,” Steve offers, automatically, “There’s an extra room, it’s kind of small and I’ve been using it as an art studio but we could put a bed in there, it’s no trouble, I can sleep on the couch in the meantime and you can have my bed—”

“Rogers,” he cuts him off, and Steve stops, mid-sentence, and his jaw snaps shut audibly before he looks away. 

“Sorry,” Steve says, “didn’t mean to get carried away. But honestly, though, you’re welcome to live with me. The offer stands.” He makes a noncommittal grunt in response to Steve, neither promising nor rejecting, and looks away. 

It’s awkward, for the next thirty minutes or so of his visit, small talk peppered by hesitant questions, the kind of conversation held by two people who knew each other once, but don’t, anymore. Eventually, though, even Steve’s good hospitality stops fueling his mouth, even as he keeps stealing glances, hope in his eyes. James stands, although Bucky-himself tells him to stay, that Steve had offered and Steve needs someone to take care of him, even now, and says that he’s going. Steve’s brow furrows again, but he nods, before making a noise, and disappearing to the kitchen once more, coming back with a scrap of sketchbook paper, folded once. Ten digits—a telephone number.

“That’s my cell phone number,” Steve says, “if you ever need to reach me, for whatever reason—please, call me.” 

He doesn’t say anything in response to that, but he does tuck the piece of paper into his jacket. 

As it turns out, he doesn’t need the piece of paper, because he comes back to Steve’s the next day,