. He looked down at his wrist, finding the timer that he’d grown used to replaced by a seemingly watercolor tattoo; it looked similar to the shape of a yin-yang symbol though instead had oceanic waves on one side and orange-y red fire on the other. It was shockingly beautiful; Keith had seen beautiful soulmate tattoo before, but somehow he believed that his was the prettiest that he’d ever laid eyes on. His eyes trailed over to his soulmate’s wrist, warmth bursting in his chest at the sight of the same circle of color resting on the man’s left wrist. 


 


Meeting his eyes again, Keith rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “Uhm, hi. What would you like?” A glint of mischeviousness had shone in the other’s eyes, a smirk decorated his deliciously tanned face. 


 


“Your name, pretty boy.” Pretty boy? Keith doubted that he was pretty; he wasn’t tanned, his skin color resembled that of his Korean mother’s, pale. His eyes weren’t a beautiful blue like his soulmate’s, it was a more boring brown that usually came with being Asian. If anything, Keith was handsome, the sharp jawline and thin waist that he worked for his best qualities. Even his hair wasn’t in the best shape; he’d been putting off shopping and it’d been two days since he’d washed his hair so it was currently greasy and the longer back was pulled into a small ponytail. 


 


“Well, ‘pretty boy’ isn’t on the menu, so order something. My name is Keith, if you haven’t read my name tag.” He may have come off as snappy, a little rude, or as the kids say ‘salty’, but honestly that was normal him. Keith was far from emotionless; he was actually quite expressive, but right now his expressions were around the emo area. The customer, and consequently his soulmate, nodded and ordered a frappuccino with a ton of extras; honestly, he expected more of this from an ugg wearing college girl, not this hot Cuban guy. He paid and waited off to the side, looking down at his wrist and tracing the picture with his fingers, a fond smile on his face. Keith smiled a little at that, easily making the drink and going on his ten minute break. 


 


Trying to be confident, he smiled up at his soulmate and handed him the blended beverage. “Here. And I- I never caught your name.” He said, standing in front of the other. The shop was rather quiet, as always, so neither of them had to raise their voices to talk. 


 


“Lance, Lance McClain,” The other said in almost a flirtatious way, winking. What was with this guy? Was the earth’s biggest dork his soulmate? Apparently so, because Lance grabbed Keith’s wrist and matched it up to his own, the tattoos were perfect replicas of one another. “Nice to know that I got a cute guy as my soulmate; a cute guy that can make coffee,” He said sweetly, already getting Keith to blush. 


 


Keith looked down at their wrists, smiling some more. “Why don’t you give me your number, and we can talk after I get off of work?”


 


----


 


Seven months pass, and three months into that they were officially a couple. Dating Lance was… An experience. On one hand, he was super cuddly and most of the time just draped himself along Keith; he liked that. On the 

other 

hand, Lance talked 

a lot. 

Usually Keith wouldn’t mind; he himself didn’t talk much and enjoyed it when others filled the silence. He did not, however, enjoy the fact that Lance talked to him for over an hour after the first time that they slept together. It wasn’t even about what they’d just done, either. Seriously just random topics that his brain could come up with. Oooh, Keith wanted to tell him to shut up 

so badly

, but that would just make Lance sad, and oh man, he hated it when Lance was sad. It was like watching a puppy get kicked then not being able to do anything about it. So he never said anything, just let him talk on. 


 


Lance was doing that now; they were in Lance’s apartment, cuddled up in eachother’s arms in his bed late on Christmas eve. He talked about little things; they both had just gotten home from work a few hours ago, but spent that time apart wrapping Christmas presents. Lance asked about his day, Keith gave a short reply, then Lance told of how his shitty coworker was supposed to work today but didn’t, and about the coffee that his friend spilled on their own laptop (which was okay; Lance made sure he knew).


 


It was nice and domestic, and Keith was glad that this man was his soulmate. Lance already was enough of an adventure for him, anyone else more exciting would probably give him a heart attack. They balanced