looked confused. “What’s the point of that if you’re supposed to wear it? It doesn’t do any good sitting on your shoulders.”



She shook her head, but smiled and accepted it from him, pulling it on. “Now you’ll be cold.”



“I dressed warm. I’m fine.”



“Congratulations, you just pulled off the cliché romance move of offering your jacket to your girlfriend.”



“Flattered?”



“Not really.”



He stuffed his hands in his pockets. “I guess I’ll have to try harder to win you over.”



She tugged one of his hands free and clasped it gently, feeling the cool leather beneath her palm. “Don’t worry. You already have.” 


Sorry, I usually update sooner, but I've got exams, tests, and projects all coming to a head at the beginning of December, so it might be a while before I post again.

I'm trying to do the best I can with this whole crime thing, and I hope I'm not overlooking anything.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The next day, Pidge went into the lounge to grab a drink before going to see Shiro about her new assignment. She rather favored the strong beverage; it did a much better job than coffee nulled by cream and sugar.

While she was waiting for her drink to brew, she happened to catch a glimpse of someone occupying one of the couches. A man was sprawled out across the sofa, apparently deep asleep. Upon closer observation, Pidge realized that it was……Matt?

“Matt?” she asked tentatively. Her brother stirred, mumbling, but didn’t wake up. Instead, he emitted a loud snore. Pidge glanced at her watch, then back at him. He was going to be late for his own special assignment if she didn’t wake him up. She jerked his shoulder. “Matt!”

Her brother startled up from his lazy position. “Hm? Who? What?” He looked at Pidge groggily. “Uh…..what’s going on?”

“You fell asleep on the couch.”

“No, I didn’t. It’s nine thirty. I was….resting my eyes.”

Pidge wordlessly pointed at the clock hanging on the wall, which read ten twenty-five. Matt’s eyes widened, and he leapt off the couch. “Oh, shoot! Thanks, Pidge, I owe you one.”

“More like six. You shouldn’t have stayed up so late last night.”

“Ha-ha. Oh, and…..good luck on your case. Well, our case. Congratulations, you’ve moved up to specialized homicide detective.”

“More like cold case detective.”

“Well, something new might pop up.” Matt watched her, his face softening. “And, Katie……let me know if you want any……support.”

“I don’t think it’ll be too much of a strain on my sleeping patterns, unlike yours,” she responded quickly, moving to leave the room.

“I didn’t mean physical support.”

She stiffened slightly. “Thanks, but – I doubt I need a shoulder to lean on. I’m not some fragile glass sculpture. I can take care of myself.” With that, she left before he could say anything else.

Matt sighed, following her out of the room, but decided not to push the subject further.

After knocking on Shiro’s door, Pidge swiftly poked her head in to see if anyone else was in the room. Fortunately for her, Shiro was the only resident. She relaxed before slipping inside the room. “Morning, Chief.”

“Good morning, Pidge.” Shiro had several files in his hands. He shuffled through a couple of them before handing two to her. “Since there have already been three major incidents, the crime scenes have already been covered, evidence was collected, and the documents for our first case are in here.”

She was confused. “Then…….if everything was already analyzed, what do you need me to do? All of what you just said covers almost everything in my field of expertise.”

“I simply need you to thoroughly look these over for today. Make sure we didn’t fail to connect any pieces. Not that there were many to connect. These two files barely relate to each other. But reassess them, and we’ll see what you find.”

She nodded, glancing down at the two files. “Uh….and – and what about…..”

“Keith’s going to be talking to Slav,” Shiro answered for her. “He’ll be in the interrogation room. Slav was one of the witnesses for the first murder, but we never actually managed to question him. Actually, I had no clue he was an eyewitness until a couple of days ago.” Shiro put a hand to his head. “He fainted, then fled the scene after the incident took place, and didn’t even tell the authorities that he’d known anything the murder