'good intentions' after seeing the pastry box. No known person in Hakone knows about Tadokoro or the fact he came up once every few weeks to deliver things to him and Sakamichi. Seeing Toudou with the box made Makishima think back to Tadokoro's latest visit and Toudou's appearance not long after he left.

'So that's how it is...' he had thought and sighed. Toudou gave one of his infamous gestures as he smiled at Makishima. "I went to see him cause I needed to know what I had to do to prove myself to you, Maki-chan! Since that meeting when we were kids, you told me I wasn't strong enough for your pact. So I waited for the right moment and that moment is now! I've grown so much and took care of myself so well so I can be the right one to match you in beauty and strength!"

Makishima resolutely turned from him, still holding the box as he let his eyes slide close. "I refuse to bind myself to another human for a pact. Sakamichi was my last conquest for that was a situation of life and death. This modern world and its rules are inadaptable to me. Since you know my story if Tadokorocchi gave you these for an offering, then you know that what happened to my father can more than likely happen to me if I associate myself with you. Humans aren't forgiving for the unknown. If you can adhere to that, then our lives will be better."

"But Maki-chan...I won't..." Toudou protested.

"Enough! I have heard enough...leave. And take your friend with you."

Stepping to the door after the final inclination, Makishima headed inside and shut the door behind him with a vicious slam. Sakamichi flinched at the sound, knowing that the other demon was very cross and would be hard to strike up a conversation. He stood and Manami was quick to follow, frowning softly as he looked to Sakamichi. Manami could tell he was down about the situation. If Makishima didn't like them, then it wouldn't be easy to find audience with them often. He knows them by presence now and if that were the case, just stepping onto the grounds means neither would step out. Or at least Makishima would prevent Sakamichi from going out when he saw the young climber. Out of protection or possession, Manami didn't know too well since it wasn't Makishima he wanted to learn more about.

"I...guess this is the last we'll see each other. Makishima-san won't allow you two to come back and he would refuse me going down the mountain for any reason..." Sakamichi murmured as he went to turn but felt his wrist tugged back, turning to look to Manami who smiled. "We don't have to stop meeting like this...we can meet in secret. You go to forage right? If you give me a general time, we can meet up again." he whispered and Sakamichi's eyes glowed with happiness.

"Really?!"

Manami shushed him before Makishima came back out to forcibly throw them out of the clearing and nodded. From his place, Toudou grumbled in contemp. Manami was one hell of a lucky duck. Toudou allowed him the honor to come see his greatest protected secret, Toudou allowed him to watch as he near wore his heart on his sleeve as he offered himself to Makishima, to show the demon that he wasn't like humans from the past or the present that would force him down the mountain, into the nearest brothel or slave trade ring that no one knows about and sold off to some sweaty rich pig. And what does he get in return? Seeing his brat of a kohai having an easier time with his charming voice and sparkling personality challenging his own sweeping the other nuisance off his feet in an instance.

Turning on his heel, Toudou left the way they came without a word and Manami watched him before following. A small pout formed on his lips at the idea of leaving but he remembered that they promised to meet again and he couldn't leave things as they were. Even for a first meeting, he became fond of little Sakamichi and he was sure that in some way, showing Sakamichi they won't do any harm would help Toudou get a little closer to Makishima.

Sakamichi stepped to the door of his home and waved to Manami and he returned it, smiling more before he was gone from sight. A faint blush dusting his cheeks, Sakamichi slipped into the house and locked the door behind him before moving into the kitchen to find Makishima munching silently on a crème puff and wondered if that alone is the sliver of a chance that, despite Toudou's persistence, he was beginning to warm up to his presence.

0

When they were back to the main road, Toudou grabbed his Ridley and hauled the bike over the guardrail, taking his helmet to snap on before climbing on. Manami was quick to burst out from the forest, getting his own bike and stepped over the guardrail after him. "Hey, Toudou-san..."