after sometime and Chanyeol’s head jerks up to meet Sehun’s amused smile.

“What?”

“Baekhyun.” Sehun repeats himself, folding his arms across his chest. “Isn’t it against school policy to be like- seen with him.”

Chanyeol laughs at Sehun’s poor choice of wording. “Then shouldn’t it be against policy for you to be with Jongin?”

“Jongin’s not on the student council, now is he.” Sehun argues, defensive. “Stop evading my question.”

“I’m not. Okay how about you tell my why you like Jongin so much, and maybe then I’ll answer your question.”

For as long as Chanyeol can remember, Sehun has never liked him. The latter is adamant in expressing his dislike for him at every chance he gets. He doesn't know how it started but the conflict between them has always existed. But it looks like Sehun is contemplating Chanyeol’s offer, and he can almost see Sehun’s thought process.

“Fine.” Sehun says after some time. “Almost everyone’s given up on me but Jongin refuses to.” The last sentence is said quieter, Sehun diverting his eyes away from Chanyeol’s, the embarrassment flushes pink hues onto his cheeks.

“See,” Chanyeol beams. “That wasn’t too hard.’’

“Shut up.” Sehun snaps. “What about you?” Although the sentence is said with a lot less venom than what Sehun intended.

Chanyeol hums. “To be honest, I don’t know.”

“What?”

“I don’t know why I’m so interested.” Chanyeol hums and looks up in thought. “I just am.” he shrugs.

“You can’t change him.”

“I know I can't ‘change’ Baekhyun in any way- but I like how he doesn't give a shit about what others think of him. It’s admirable.”

“Do you love him?”

Chanyeol laughs. “I wouldn’t say love. But I do have feelings for him.”

Sehun lets out a frustrated sigh and runs his hands through his hair. “I’m such a shit-”

“What?” Chanyeol blinks, confused.”

“Jongin… He’s- he’s so good to me and I can’t even quit smoking.”

“You love him, don't you?” Chanyeol tests.

“Shut up.” Sehun snaps, cheeks a brighter shade of red.

“Who would have thought - Oh Sehun has feelings.”

“I hate you.”

Chanyeol laughs as he gets up and walks over to Sehun’s seat. He ruffles Sehun’s hair and the latter looks up at him with a confused expression. “Baekhyun was right. You are a good kid.”

 

__________

 

The next time Chanyeol and Sehun meet, there’s less tension in the air and Jongin grins as Sehun’s arm circles around his waist.

“There’s basketball prac after school today, are you coming?” Jongin asks.

“Yeah. I have to meet with Junmyeon first, though.”

“Okay.” Jongin smiles lightly and nudges Sehun in the ribs with his elbow as the latter tries to tickle him. “See you later.”

“Bye Jongin. See you, Sehun.”

“Bye, hyung.”

The shock is clear on both of Chanyeol and Jongin’s faces.

“Did you just-” Jongin begins.

“I didn’t say anything.” Sehun grumbles and pulls him by the waist.

 

__________

 

“You skipped detention.” Chanyeol begins when he passes Baekhyun in the hall.

“I skip a lot of things; breakfast, lunch, class, detention. The list goes on.”

“You said you would come.” Chanyeol frowns.

“I say a lot of things.” Baekhyun laughs. “Doesn't mean I’ll do them. As much as I would have loved your company on a Monday afternoon, something important came up.”

“I hope you don’t have anything important planned this afternoon because you need to make up for that detention you missed.”

Baekhyun takes a step forward and runs his fingers through Chanyeol's hair. “You’re in luck. I am free.”

“You know where the room is.”

“It’s a date.”

 

By the time Chanyeol steps into the room, Baekhyun is already inside; twirling a pen between his fingers.

“You’re late, Mr. Park.” Baekhyun muses.

“I had a meeting.”

“Busy man.” Baekhyun chuckles.

“Very.” Chanyeol sighs and deflates into the teacher's chair at the front of the room.

“You know,” Baekhyun begins as he walks to the door. He flicks the lock before turning and walking towards the teacher’s desk. He sits on the surface and looks Chanyeol in the eye. “Sehun told me about the little heart to heart you had the other day.”

“Did he?” Chanyeol’s voice cracks.

“Don’t be so nervous, Park.” Baekhyun chuckles. “Anyway. You have feelings for me?”

“I can