Hotch has other things which have to take priority.

That makes Hotch angry, because Reid should be someone's priority. And he never has been.

He doesn't give himself moments where he can think about this, where the line crossed between Reid the subordinate who'd never once been what he expected, to Spencer the man who deserved to be valued by someone, anyone.

It doesn't matter in the end. He gets attacked by Foyet. Spencer gets shot. His family is put in danger. Emily starts hovering like a mother hen. Hotch doesn't mind that, because he understands that Emily has maternal instincts that she's never quite known what to do with. She's a caregiver.

(He wonders, sometimes, why Spencer backs off quite so quickly. When he really thinks about it, there are a myriad of reasons. Whether Reid not wanting to be Emily's romantic rival is one of them, he'll never know.)

They have one dinner, in that intermediary period between Foyet's first attack, and well, what followed. It's a few days after they return from LA. The tension is wearing on, trying to track down Foyet. Spencer marches (limps, Hotch is exaggerating) into his office. He states he's put in an order for Vietnamese, and they can comb through The Reaper files once again. But Hotch is going to eat, and then he's going to go home and sleep, for once.

He manages to ask, when Reid has his mouth stuffed full of vermicelli noodles, what actually happened with Lila Archer. Reid chokes out a reply that they'd had a brief correspondence following the stalker case, but nothing much came of it. They lived in completely different worlds, after all.

(It's many years later, when he's asked to proof Lila's biography to check that the part where she discusses said stalker case isn't an embarrassment to the bureau, that he works out that Spencer had slept with her two weeks after that conversation. It's inbetween the lines, but Hotch has the corresponding time frame. He's more surprised than anything else.)

No one needs to describe what happens next.

In the flurry of everyone around him rushing to help, Spencer and his cane get rather forgotten. Jessie almost moves in. Emily sleeps on the couch more than once. Dave suggests – Hotch thinks his friend is joking, but he's never been sure – that he and Jack and Jessie move into the mansion. JJ is never more than five minutes from his side.

He gets buried in his work and Jack. Dave tells him about Spencer in the Doctor's office on the Samantha Malcolm case, and Hotch is oh so proud. That is Spencer, grown up, living his life, being passionate and angry and most of all using it to be better at the job. Gone is the boy who walked out in front of Owen Savage and could have gotten himself killed.

So Hotch never restarts their dinners. Reid doesn't need him anymore; he's too busy with Jack to even think about needing Reid back.

And then that boy resurfaces in the wake of Emily Prentiss's supposed death.

Hotch thinks that it has to be a dead giveaway, that he doesn't press harder into making sure Reid's alright. The truth is, he doesn't think he can hold up the front. All his dinners with Spencer have revealed in the past is his ability to be frighteningly truthful in the other man's presence. He thinks about trusting Reid, letting him in, but his fragility at this current time means they can't rely on him to keep up the charade.

It's not his call to make, at the end of the day. It's JJ's. And JJ is the one who has Spencer crying at her house every week. He'd never pry into his team mates lives, but something had changed between Emily and Reid before she'd left.

Emily had changed. Or had she?

Hotch never examined the situation too closely.

He's not surprised about the backlash Reid unleashes, but he is surprised about its focus on JJ. Spencer's bitter and isolated. Hotch had considered turning the post in Pakistan down to stay and keep an eye on him, but Reid had waved him off with talk of a sabbatical and a collaboration with some researchers at MIT.

He worries. Of course he worries. But Reid isn't a scared kid anymore (he's never been that scared kid, ever, Hotch knows that.) But he's not using, which is Hotch's initial cause for concern, especially when Reid states it openly in the police station.

Then there's Beth.

And then there's Maeve.

Maeve is everything Hotch has ever wanted for Spencer. Or at least, she is from the way Reid talks about her. It's in his eyes.

It's only later, when he breaks out the