tear his eyes away, licking his lips before he knows what's coming. (No pun intended) 

He leans forward and curls his fingers into the waistband of Zayn's jeans, tugging them and his boxer briefs down in one quick motion, letting them pool around his knees. He dips his head in as he feels the other male's fingers comb through his hair, before grabbing a fistful and tugging him closer. He presses a hot open mouthed kiss to his hipbone before dragging his lips across his skin to where his cock hangs heavily between his thighs. 

His tongue is light as it drags up the length of his cock, and he can hear Zayn gasping from the barely there stimulation, and then he's growling because he needs more and Liam is being such a tease right now, but he knows it brings out that best in Zayn, and well, they wouldn't have it any other way. 

He's growing impatient, Liam knows from the way his muscles tense and his grip on his hair tightens, and he's probably seconds away from forcing his cock between his lips and fucking his face into oblivion. So, he peers up at him through his lashes as he parts his lips, Zayn's cock resting against his bottom one, and he waits. Waits for him to take control, because it's so hot when Zayn does, he gets this fierce look in his eyes and his features twist with a seriousness that could only be described as deadly. 

Zayn slams his hips forward and Liam tightens his lips around him when he does, hollowing his cheeks slightly as he hits the back of his throat, ripping a slight gagging sound from the back of his throat, but he quickly gets it under control, relaxing the tense muscles, giving Zayn the leeway to slip further inside of him, until he's buried so deep his nose is pressing into that soft tuft of black hair. He breathes him in, his cock throbbing at this point, because everything is Zayn, he's invading his senses completely and nothing else matters. Nothing else could ever matter. 

His hips begin to rock back and forth, and he's slow at first, but he starts to build a steady rhythm and as he does, his hips gain speed, and before he can wrap his head around it, he's fucking into his mouth brutally, and he can't tear his eyes away from the sight above him. He's pure power and raw sexuality, and it's so fucking beautiful, and this, this is one of the many reasons he's so in love with this boy. 

He drags his nails down the front of Zayn's thighs, before slipping his hands behind them, cupping just beneath his small, round ass, giving himself some sort of leverage. He presses his tongue flush against the underside of his cock, tilting his head back slightly to give him a better angle to go as deep as he can, hitting the back of Liam's throat with each thrust. Just as he can feel Zayn getting close, he's pulling away and Liam is making soft sounds of disappointment, because he wasn't done, he needed to taste him. Zayn has other things in mind though. 

"Get on your knees, babe..."

Liam starts moving instantly, and he knows that this means, and fuck, he can't get his clothes off fast enough, and then he's pressing his knees into the couch cushion, bending over slightly as he grips the back of it, his legs shifting apart as he pushes his ass out slightly, giving Zayn a good view, because he knew it's what he wants. 

Zan's hands are hot against his skin as they smooth over his ass, kneading and grabbing, pulling his cheeks apart to expose that tight pink hole. He has to bite into his arm to keep from crying out as he feels his tongue drag across his sensitive pucker, the muscle twitching against him, and Jesus, he can't fucking breathe because it feels so good, and it's not nearly enough at the same time. 

His tongue pushes inside of him slowly, the tip curling and rubbing against his walls and his mind goes fuzzy, vision growing black and he's shaking, he's shaking so fucking hard and he's trying not to scream because of the other boys asleep just a few short feet away in their bunks. He pushes his ass back against the wet muscle, encouraging him to go deeper, and he does, just a bit, and his tongue feels just like heaven. 

He pulls out and presses his lips to his hole, sealing them around the sensitive ridges and he begins to suck, Liam's teeth sinking into his arm so deep he can taste blood, and he's muffling cries of pleasure against his own skin, and it's all he can do. His fingers grip the couch so tightly, his knuckles turn white, and the tips are going numb from the lack of blood, but he doesn't care,