fumble for her keys. After much struggling and emptying the contents of her bag out, she found them, quickly unlocking the door and letting herself in. Kicking off her shoes and removing her drenched socks, she dropped her bag on the sofa.
"Light?" She called, poking her head around the kitchen door. Picking up a towel from their radiator, she wrapping it around her head, making a towl hat in an attempt to stop her hair from dripping all over the floor. She guessed that her fiancee was probably in his study, presumably writing names in the death note. Am I a fool to have let this go on for so many years?Walking into her bedroom, she pulled her soaked dress over her head, dropping it on the floor. Quickly, she rumaged through her wadrobe, looking for something dry and comfortable to wear. Now dressed in just a vintage slip, she sat infront of her dressing table, glancing in the mirror. The rain had made her carefully applied makeup run down her face. Picking up a makeup wipe, she began to remove the black smudges from below her eyes. Am I not pretty enough? Dropping the wipe on the desk, she rested her head on her first, watching her own reflection. Not smart enough? Feeling tears beginning to sting at her eyes, she covered them with her hands, trying not to cry. I have done everything you asked of me, things nobody else would ever consider, and it still hasn't been enough...

Misa had been waiting for Light to come and fall asleep with her, but she had fallen asleep herself. Rolling over, she glanced at their alarm clock. 8:07 AM. She was lying alone in their double bed, her eyes feeling puffy and swollen from crying the night before. Light was nowhere to be seen. Had he even come to bed at all? Sitting upright, she rubbed her swollen eyes, letting out a sigh. Even sleeping had not managed to rid her of her doubt, and she was still feeling angry. Feeling sluggish and worn, she slowly began to make her way down to the front room. Light was already there, dressed and drinking a cup of coffee, watching the news. Slowly making her way into the room, she tried to make as much noise on the laminate flooring as her bare feet would allow, but he barely even flinched. He didn't pay her any attention at all, until she slammed a cup down on their marble countertop.
"Good morning." He mumbled, barely looking away from the TV screen. She remained silent, still internally furious, opening cupboards and contemplating breakfast. Nothing seemed appetizing right now, and she felt like she might never eat again.
"Sleep well?" He asked, his tone not changing despite the silence.
"Actually, no." She responded, slamming the cupboard door dramatically.
"I'm sorry to hear that. Why not?"
"What do you mean, why not?" She practically shouted, walking over to him.
"Have you forgotten yesterday? When you wouldn't even help me despite what I've been through?" She shouted, moving closer to where he was seated.
"Misa, please calm down-"
"NO!" She screamed, shaking with rage. Her big eyes were filling up with tears once again, and she raised her tiny hands to her face to try and hide it. Why can't I stand up for myself without breaking down in tears? 
"Listen, Misa," He began, standing up from the couch, "We are not like other couples. We are Gods. When I am done creating this new world, you won't have to be scared to walk the street alone at night. That is the point of all this. Evil will cease to exist. You know all this." He whispered, moving closer to her and gently placing his fingers around her wrists, removing her hands from obscuring her face.
"You always do this, you ignore me until I can't take it anymore, and then you give me attention, knowing I'll take it because it's the only time you even pay attention to me!" She spat, pulling her arms away from his hands. His touch alone was making her feel sick.
"That's not true." He simply responded, trying to touch her face and win her affection back. She recoiled away from him in horror with every advance he gave.
"I love you so much, and all you ever do is use me." She mumbled, tearfully, already out of strength to fight. 

Turning away from him, she quickly ran down the hallway, locking herself in the bathroom, leaning against the door and sobbing into her hands. Her sobs became to forceful that she sunk down the door, reduced to sitting on the floor, and crying so hard that she couldn't breathe. I'll never get through to him. Is this manipulation? Abuse? I just wanted him to love me... Rubbing her eyes so that she could see through her tears, she looked