sorry I butt dialed you!


Oikawa ☆彡”


 



Received 8:20am



“But is it the one by the market or the movie theatre?


Oikawa ☆彡”



 




Received 8:22am



“Makki-chan just informed there is no coffee place by the movie theatre, so market it is then!


Oikawa ☆彡”



 




Received 8:23am



“Are you in the shower right now?


Oikawa ☆彡”


 


A large grin plastered itself on Iwaizumi’s face as he read each message. Oikawa could be a huge dork sometimes. When he wasn’t trying to impress anyone he was really just a talkative, shithead, baby, but that’s what made him Oikawa. Iwaizumi typed out a reply:


 



“Yes, Expresshots by the Market. And I was.”



 


He grabbed some pants from his drawer and barely had his second leg in the jeans before his phone buzzed again. Iwaizumi continued to dress, rolling his eyes at how quick the other was to respond. He gave himself a onceover in the mirror while he brushed his teeth. He wore light blue jeans rolled up to his calves, a maroon v-neck, and beige boat shoes. He dried his hair off and it took its usual spiked form that he hated but was too lazy to even care to change it. His phone vibrated and rang for a call. Geez, that boy is so impatient. He seized it and answered the call.


 


“Hey Asskawa, I was getting changed. You are so impa–” He stopped as he heard sobs coming from the other line. “Hello? Who is this?” No reply. “You sound like you are crying, are you okay?” Silence. “Is this some kind of prank ca–” The line went dead. Iwaizumi checked his phone for caller ID. The number was blocked. He tried calling back several times to only receive an automated “Sorry the number you have dialed is unavailable” followed by an expanse of white noise in A minor. A bad feeling washed over him as he frowned at the blocked number. He could’ve sworn he heard someone crying. If that someone was a girl or boy he did not know but whoever it was, they were sobbing about something.


 


Iwaizumi jumped at the vibrations of the phone in his hand as another message from Oikawa flashed onto his screen. He read the two messages:


 



“I knew it! I’ll see you then!


Oikawa ☆彡”



 




“I got here a little early so if you can’t find me, I’m in the market!


Oikawa ☆彡”



 



Shit. Coffee. Oikawa. Shit. That call completely made him forget. He checked the time, 8:42. “Shit.” The next bus left at 8:45. “Shitshitshitshit” Iwaizumi cursed all the way down the stairs and out the door as he rushed for the bus stop down the street. He saw the pink bus pull around the corner just as he reached the stop. He put his hands on his knees and breathed heavily. He hadn’t run that fast since tryouts. The bus pulled up to the spot and he boarded taking an open seat next to the exit, that he later gave to an older woman holding several bags of groceries.


 


“Such a nice young man!” the elderly lady crooned.


 


“It is really no bother ma’am!” He raised his hands in modesty.


 


“And so handsome, too! I’m sure you’re girlfriend is lucky to have you!” she lauded.


 


Red flushed his cheeks, “Oh, I don’t have a girlfriend, but thank you anyway!” The woman looked at him in disbelief that a gentleman such as Iwaizumi Hajime would be absent of a girlfriend. She looked him over again and opened her mouth to say something when the voice on the speaker called out:


 


“Now approaching Asaichi Morning Market.”


 


He thanked the speaker silently as he moved toward the exit, “Excuse me, sorry, that’s my stop. It been nice talking with you, ma’am! Have a nice rest of your day!” He hurriedly squished through the crowd and hopped off the bus, hoping to avoid anymore questions about his love life.


 


The market was pretty packed for a Sunday morning. By the time he made it to the cafe it was already 9:10. He didn’t see Oikawa so checked his phone for any new messages, but his inbox was empty. He read the last text Oikawa sent him. “... if you can’t find me I’m in the market!” He searched around at the mass of people filling the marketplace. And how exactly am I supposed to find you in this? Pulling his phone of his pocket, he sent Oikawa another text:


 



“I’m at the coffee house. Sorry, I’m kinda late. Where are you?”



 


He returned the phone to his pocket and gazed at the crowd again. His phone chirped almost immediately.


 



“No biggie Iwa-chan! I’m in line by the melon stands! (=^-ω-^=)


Oikawa ☆彡”



 



Iwaizumi looked around at all the