“Li, “ He sighs, “The pasta is probably done now.”

“Mmmm, probably” I practically moan into his ear and pull him in closer. He turns into me and looks into my eyes and I absolutely melt at the looks he gives me. He licks his lips and my eyes are automatically drawn there. I lean in, thinking this is the perfect time and of course it isn’t, of course my phone rings. Zayn sighs and pulls away to get plates out of the cabinets, at least that’s what he is masking pulling away from me like that as.

“Let me guess, Niall right?” And I can feel the frustration his voice is laced with.

“Zayn, I’m sorry.” I plead.

“No, I know, it’s for work right? Always for work or something…Just go, I’ll tell Lynx you had to leave again.”

“Zayn…” I try, knowing there’s nothing I can say here. I’ve had to leave over a dozen times in the last month and I’m sure he’s tired of hearing it. I’m sure he’s tired of hearing my lack of a good reason. I don’t even know what he could be thinking about this. It’s not fair to him though, it’s not fair to either of them who have opened their home, their lives, and their hearts and I just keep walking away. I need to make a decision about this. But there’s no time now, I have to leave now.

“Can I say bye to Lynx?”

“No Liam, just go.” Zayn says in the most closed off tone I’ve heard from him, possibly from anyone.

There’s nothing I can say as I walk out the door.

 __

It was another late night and as I get in I look for a text from Zayn and see nothing. I text him anyway.


I’m so sorry again Zayn. I’ll make it up to you.


And he hears that so much. I’ve had to make it up to him so many times and even in those times I’ve tried to make it up to him I end up having to leave.

I wake up expecting a text from Zayn, I normally have a text from Zayn when I wake up but there’s nothing which seems odd.

I get nothing but radio silence for days. I try to knock on Zayn’s door and get nothing. I call, I get no answer. I text and plead and I get nothing. But really what am I going to say? The same bullshit I keep saying. Try to keep up the same act I’ve been trying to keep up for a month now. Try to be someone I’m not. Zayn saw that he had two choices. He could continue letting himself and Lynx get attached to me and continue to watch me leave for whatever reason unknown to them which ultimately and visibly was hurting them. Or he could walk away now and cut his losses, chock it up to a small mistake before it became a bigger one. He has obviously made the latter decision. The way I see it, I also have two choices. I could tell Zayn everything, tell him that Niall helps me protect the city and calls for me when they are not able to protect themselves. I have superpowers that I feel give me a responsibility to save as many lives as I can which means I’m not always around and can’t always be selfish with my time. Or, I could let him go. Being with me would be difficult, not like a normal person and they deserve more than a guy who has to bail every night. That would be the reasonable thing to do.

I know that Zayn comes home with Lynx around 5:30 every night so I stand outside his door and wait. I wait to ambush him because there’s no other way he’ll talk to me. And right at 5:30 I hear the little one’s footsteps followed by her father’s footsteps come up the stairs.

“Careful baby girl, neither of us needs to fall…” And he doesn’t finish his sentence because he sees me instead.

“Liam…” He breathes out and it sounds like he’s been holding it in for days.

“Liam!!!” Lynx yells out and starts to run me but then remembers she probably shouldn’t and stops frozen in her tracks. Zayn comes up behind her and picks her up, she rests her head on his shoulder and looks sadly at me. I match her look and look at Zayn with the same sad, pleading eyes.

“Zayn, please, can we talk?” And Zayn brushes by me to open his door.

“Liam, I don’t think that is a good idea, we are all better off not talking.” And he tries to close his door but because I’ve seen him and Lynx again I know that I’ve made the right