noise of affirmation; it's enough to make Toudou continue on about whatever inane topic. The sound of his voice, as energetic and high and loud as it is, is only helping Makishima relax back into a steady rhythm, teeth worrying into his bottom lip to stifle the noises. "I think I passed anyway, I knew most of the answers! Arakita failed, for sure! He was tossing a pencil or something to figure out the answers! Haha!"

"Haha," Makishima agrees, laughs weakly, pinning the phone between his pillow and his head. His other hand trails down as he tries to imagine what it must feel like to have Toudou's hand splayed on his chest, brushing under his shirt, finger circling his already hard nipple. He wonders what the other sounds like when he's excited -- breathless pants, soft moans? Loud and slutty, begging for more? He doesn't even bother to suppress the shiver that runs through him.

Makishima gasps as his own fingers clench around his nipple. "A-ah! Fuck!” Toudou goes quiet – what was he even talking about now? “Aah, I stubbed my fucking toe!"

"Hahahaha, Makichaaaan, be careful!" Toudou replies. There's a rustling on the other end, and then he continues, "Aaah, I just got in bed. I'm pretty sleepy, but I'm glad you picked up!"

So am I... Makishima thinks as his hand speeds up. His breath does as well, and he pulls the phone a bit further from his face to hide the sound. The precome coating his dick and his fingers is making a lewd sound that he prays Toudou won't hear, but he can't stop. He's been thinking about Toudou all day, since that selfie in the middle of class: how much he wants to tug that hair, bite that exposed collarbone, and fuck that tight body into his mattress. "Anyway, what are you doing home so early?"

"Uh..." Makishima stalls, but his hand doesn't stop. It would be... kinda hot if Toudou heard, wouldn't it? Getting caught, Toudou realizing he's been masturbating to his image? "F-feeling weird," he lies easily, his breath catching. "Needed to lay down."

"Ooh... why aren't you taking care of yourself, Maki-chan?!" Toudou cries into the phone, making Makishima jump. Really, Makishima should be used to Toudou's outbursts by now, and it feels strangely satisfying to be on the receiving end of another pointless lecture. It makes his stomach flutter, and he lets out another soft gasp. What an odd thing to be turned on by. "Seriously, are you ok? You don't sound so good..."

"Heh yeah, I'm fine!" Makishima lies again, rocking his hips experimentally into his hand. God, he's not going to be able to keep quiet much longer. But Toudou isn't catching on... at all. It should be painfully obvious, or at least Makishima thinks it should be. He's not exactly being subtle, with his heavy breathing, the way he's distracted from the conversation. Well, more so than usual.

"Did you eat too much fried food again?" Toudou asks; his voice is tense, a touch annoyed, and Makishima can picture the cinch in those high brows easily. How Toudou would glare at him right before launching into a lecture. He lets out a long breath, squeezing his cock at the same time he gives his nipple a pinch, taking in a shuddering breath.

"Nah," he says, and he can't help but notice how rough his voice sounds. "I had a salad for lunch."

Lies, all lies.

"Hm..." Toudou doesn't sound convinced. "Are you sleeping enough?"

"Ngh..." Makishima laughs, soft and breathy. His thighs press together as he imagines the confusion on his best friend's face, trying to decipher what these noises mean, why Makishima is acting so bizarre. "Not really, I stayed late at the... the studio... last night."

"Maki-chaaan," Toudou whines, and Makishima takes in a ragged breath, his hand jerking desperately on his dick. The slick noises have tapered off, but the way his palm drags over the skin of his cock makes his toes curl as his eyes fall closed. Fuck, fuck, fuck...

"I'm busy, J-jinpachiiii," Makishima whines back, giving another chuckle. He slows his hand, not ready to come just yet. If Toudou hasn't hung up in disgust by now, if he's buying the idea that Makishima is just sick...

"Still, you need to make sure you're getting enough sleep! Honestly!" Toudou sighs, dramatically; Makishima can hear sheets rustling as Toudou no doubt burrows into his futon. The tension in his body ebbs slightly as his fingers graze over his erection, sending little jolts through his body. "