He finally decided he just had to come out with it already, so when Andy finished telling him about what a wonderful town Wiltshire was, he decided to go for it. “Um, Draco and I were considered changing Teddy’s name when we adopt him. I wanted to know how you feel about that.”

            “Well that depends on what you change it to. Are we just talking about changing his last name to Malfoy?” Andy asked.

            “That and he wanted to add a second middle name; Cygnus, after your father. He wants Teddy to have at least one celestial name to fit in with the twins and he said your father was a wonderful man. He said that Cygnus tried to keep your mum from tossing you out of the family and still maintained contact with you after everyone else refused.” Harry was still on the ropes about changing Teddy’s name, but he’d promised Draco he’d at least ask Andy about it. And if Andy put her foot down, then Harry wouldn’t have to stand up to Draco.

            “That’s true; my father was a good man and he still loved me right up until the end. Ted and I struggled a lot when we first got married, since we didn’t have the money or the resources I would’ve been given if I’d married a pureblood. Don’t tell my mother, but my father used to secretly give me money. He never gave me much at once, but it was at least a galleon every month and that little bit really helped us get by.”

            “That’s great. Did he ever get to meet Tonks?”

            “Oh yes, he loved Dora. When I had Dora, he smuggled the Black family nursery furniture to me. No one else had a baby at the time, so they didn’t notice that it was missing.”

            “That’s great. So what do you think of changing Teddy’s name?”

            “I don’t know. Dora always liked my father; he always gave her candies when he saw her.”

            Andy told Harry a few stories about Cygnus Black and Tonks, but never said anything firm on whether or not she would be alright with adding a second middle name. Then Draco and the twins woke up from their naps and came downstairs. Lucius and Narcissa came home just in time for dinner. And in accordance with their ruse, they left Druella at her own house after the funeral.

            Bellatrix’s funeral contained very few Death Eaters, because there were so few left. Most of them were dead or had already been captured by the Aurors, but there were plenty of Death Eater supporters and family members of Death Eaters. Narcissa had gotten up and given a beautiful speech about how it wasn’t just her sister Bella they were here to mourn, but rather all of their fallen Death Eater loved ones. Every one of them had lost someone and since they had lost the war, it wasn’t politically prudent to be seen throwing elaborate funerals for each and every lost loved one, so they were having just this one funeral in secret for all of them.

            And it was also a funeral to mourn the passing of their pureblooded ideals, because in this new post-war era, they would have to blend in and be seen accepting muggleborns or they would never regain their lost standing. When they had recovered and had a firm foothold in the Ministry, they would regroup and try again to push the impure out, but for now it was important for them to go along with the flow.

            But neither Lucius nor Narcissa mentioned any of this at dinner, instead telling of how Druella’s doxies had attacked them. Harry and Andy remained none the wiser. Draco suspected, but had learned a long time ago not to question his parents about things he didn’t want to know.

One more twist. You didn’t think the Slytherins didn’t have something up their sleeves, did you?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

            Sunday morning Scorpius said, “Fa fa fa fa,” as he stuck his fingers into Draco’s mouth to wake his father up. Then to emphasize his point, he pulled his hand out of Draco’s mouth and slapped the saliva coated appendage down onto Draco’s cheek.

            “Scorp?” Draco asked sleepily. “How did you get here?” He didn’t remember falling asleep with Scorpius in his bed. In fact, he distinctly remembered nursing Scorp on the spare bed in the nursery last night, now that his aunt had moved to his grandmother’s old room, so even if he had fallen asleep breast feeding his son, that wouldn’t account for why they were both in Draco’s bed with Harry.

            “Fa! Aaaahhh! Da ah ah fa,” Scorp said and proceeded to stick his little index finger up Draco’s nose.

            Draco choked and sputtered, removing Scorp’s finger from his persons. “Alright, I’m up, what do you want, Scorp?” Draco asked looking down at his baby. That