, and Chris gestured sharply to him again, not wanting to be interrupted.

“I don’t really feel as though I should have to justify wanting to be at the movie in the first place, but as it seems to have freaked you our so much, I guess I will. No, Zach, I’m not gay. But you don’t have to be gay to enjoy gay movies. You could be straight, or interested, or just curious, or…” he took a deep breath, “or you could be bisexual.”

The silence that followed this statement was deafening. Chris wore an odd expression, equal parts defiant, nervous, and expectant. He wouldn’t break eye contact, just kept looking steadily at Zach, while Zach’s brain began to recalibrate itself for what felt like the twelfth time that day. He knew he needed to say something in response to this, but he was frozen to the spot. Eventually, Chris made an exasperated sound at his lack of response, and in a panic Zach said, “But you’re not bisexual. You like girls.”

It took his brain a moment to parse exactly what was wrong with this response, and in that time, Chris made such a “well, duh,” expression that it would have been funny had they not been in the middle of such a painfully honest conversation.

“Those two things are not necessarily mutually exclusive. In fact, bisexuality kinda means that there is no “mutually exclusive.” Look it up sometime.”

“Sorry. I didn’t mean that. I meant, as far as I know, you only liked girls."

“Well, now you know differently.” Chris looked a little mollified by the fact that Zach was finally engaging with him, but Zach still felt like the conversation could get dangerous and out of control at any moment. He had no idea how to proceed, but he knew he had to keep Chris talking to stop him from storming out after having pissed him off enough times today.

“I do, but…I’m sorry, I don’t really know what to do with that information. I’m sorry,” he added hastily, when he saw Chris roll his eyes, “But it’s just a bit of a shock, ok? No, not a shock” – as Chris started to huff again – “a surprise.”

“Well, I’m not really used to telling people.”

“I’m…honoured that you told me?” Zach was unable to keep his voice from rising at the end of that sentence, as though he wasn’t really sure himself whether that was a good response. “Does anyone else know? Does your agent know?”

“My agent knows, yeah, but she doesn’t really want it getting out. Not during Trek, anyway. Negative publicity, blah blah. Not exactly happy about it, but there you are. Nobody else really knows, except Katie, a couple of close friends and of course the guys I’ve dated. Kind of hard to keep it from them.”

Chris had dated guys. Zach’s brain screeched to a halt yet again. It was ok in a hypothetical kind of way for Chris to be attracted to men, but now knowing that there had been actual guys in Chris’s life, in his arms, maybe even in his bed, was making it difficult for Zach to breathe again.

“You’ve dated guys?” Zach made a valiant effort to make this sentence come out in a vaguely normal, insouciant tone of voice rather than in a deranged, strangled squeak, but he was dismally unsuccessful.

“A couple.” Chris was back to looking defiant and defensive.

“When were you going to tell me?” Give me their names, addresses, and weak points, so that I can succumb to my completely rational urge to destroy them.

“When it became relevant. As it just did, I guess.” Chris permitted himself a grin. “I didn’t think you’d be that interested.”

This was so disingenuous that Zach couldn’t help snorting. “Why the fuck didn’t you think I’d be interested? You’re my best friend. Of course I’m interested.” For reasons entirely separate from the fact that I’ve been wanting to fuck you for years. For platonic, friendly reasons. 

“Well, you’ve been kind of busy lately. Moving to New York, being a Broadway star, all loved-up with Wonderboy…I didn’t think minor details of my sex life would be that interesting to you.”

Zach winced. Maybe he had been a bit lax about returning calls and texts when he was with Miles, and then in the aftermath when he had been putting himself back together, but not that bad, surely? Had his behaviour been enough to push Chris away?

“Miles and I broke up two weeks ago.” This time, Zach was proud of how even his voice sounded.

Chris blinked. “Really? Oh, I’m sorry, man