back at her.

“...I-I was trying to say that one of the switches she flipped...said 'obedience,'” Mikan murmured softly, poking her two fingers together nervously. “I-It's right next to the one that said 'memory.' I d-didn't think she meant to d-do that...”

“Oh no!” Chisa replied, her hands going to her mouth in surprise.

Mukuro froze as she stared at the glassy gaze of her sister, completely unprepared for the dire situation in front of her. She pulled her off the chair and onto the floor in her lap protectively. Junko Enoshima's bright blue eyes were now lifeless, vacuous orbs, staring straight across the room at nothing at all. The strong personalities that resided in her consciousness had vanished, leaving behind a hollow and obedient shell of the Ultimate Despair. Sweat poured down Mukuro's brow as she took her sister's hand and swallowed nervously.

“C-Can you hear me, Junko?” Mukuro asked slowly.

“Yes. I hear you,” Junko responded, her voice in an uncharacteristic monotone. “I hear and I obey.” The will-less young woman turned to face her older sister, her vacant eyes now crossed and her mouth slack. Drool continued to stream down her chin before Mukuro took her hand and wiped the saliva away. The older sister's face flushed in shock and uneasiness. Junko's eyes were wide but asleep as she remained in Mukuro's arms, a lifeless puppet waiting for its strings to be pulled.

“Oooooooh, what a sad turn of events this all is,” Chisa said as she placed her hand on Mukuro's shoulder. Mukuro noticed that her once green eyes held a strange, sinister hollowness to them. Their vibrant green now carrying a glint of crimson. “Now, let me have a look at her! Maybe I can help.”

“W-Wait.” Mukuro said, holding up her hand to ward off the teacher. “What are you planning on doing? Junko's condition is none of your concern.”

“W-Which condition is that?” Mikan said, suddenly crouching behind Mukuro as she cradled her mindless sister. The nurse’s eyes were wide as her lips were turned up in a manic, lustful smile.

“Would it be this condition?” A bandaged right hand caressed the strawberry blonde covered head of the Ultimate Despair.

“Or perhaps this condition?” Mikan's hand moved lower to caress Junko's black cardigan near her exposed cleavage. The Ultimate Nurse drooled heavily as she spoke and eyed the vulnerable object of her desire.

“Or maaaaaybe... it's this condition?” Her hand moved lower, as if walking by their index and middle fingers, to beneath her skirt, touching the edge of Junko's panties as Mikan's cheeks flushed bright red from arousal.

“Mikan! Stop it!” Mukuro yelled as she grabbed the nurse's wrist and pulled it from beneath her sister's skirt. “No one is allowed to touch her!”

“Ouchies! Hehehehehe! Ouchies, ouchies!” Mikan cried out before giggling madly. Mikan rubbed her hand and lewdly traced her tongue along the inside of her wrist. “Hehehehe! Bye bye, ouchies!”

“Now, Mukuro, dear. You're being an awful big sister.” Chisa shook her head, her voice thick with disappointment. Her long flowing hair brushed against Mukuro's face as she crouched next to the Ultimate Soldier by the chair. “Protecting your little sister? Denying her the taste of despair at being completely mindless, helpless, and at the mercy of those who are as twisted, and full of despair as she is? Do you really think that's okay?” Chisa tilted her head innocently, as if reasoning with a child.

“I. I um...” Mukuro looked down at her sister thoughtfully. She does have a point. The older Despair Sister thought to herself. Junko always yells at me for getting in the way of her plans and ruining her moments to feel despair. I don't want to get scolded or make her unhappy, so maybe...maybe this is something she would enjoy.

“D-D-Don't be mean...You're an Ultimate Despair too, you know...?” Mikan whispered as her hands began to rub Mukuro's shoulders. “We should allllllll bring despair together! Help us out? She'd want this too, you know....” Mikan spoke seductively as she rubbed her cheek against the freckled face of the Ultimate Soldier.

“Junko did always want to taste the despair of being out of control.” Mukuro thought outloud, blushing as the two women continued to woo her acquiescence. “I guess. This would. Be a good chance to give her despair that even she would be impressed by.”

“That's right, Mukuro dear.” Chisa reassured with a smile as she stood back up. The young woman raised her right fist in the air triumphantly. “In the name of almighty despair, we will give Junko Enoshima the most humiliating taste of hopelessness she