in okay, princess?"

 

You were practically sobbing, the pleasure was too much and it took all you had to hold in your orgasm. "I c-can't! P-please, daddy!" you cried out breathily. He groaned loudly, his thrusts getting more and more erratic.

 

"Come for me, baby." You arched your back painfully, crying out, clenching down on his dick, milking the cum from him. He groaned as he pulled out of you. You felt extremely dizzy and your legs gave out.

 

Luckily, Chanyeol catches you in time and you collapsed in his arms. He turns off the water before opening the door to go outside and drying both of you guys up.

 

He sets you onto the bed and lies next to you. Pulling you into his arms, he pecks you on the lips before whispering, "Goodnight baby."

Phone sex.

The morning after that night turned out differently than you expected. He had woken up earlier to cook you breakfast and helped you get dress, which was embarrassing even though he had already seen everything there is to see, because he knew you were probably still sore from the night before. He was...really sweet.

 

You noticed he had a habit of staring at you. Chanyeol kept watching you as you ate your breakfast and commenting on how cute you looked. Scrunching your nose, you playfully frowned and told him to stop because it was embarrassing and he was being creepy but he just laughed and kept doing so.

 

He drove you home after that and asked for your number before you got out from the car. You spent the rest of that day in your bed, daydreaming and still trying to process everything that had happened. It’s now been a week since that day. Work was extremely awkward and weird.

 

You had to go to work everyday acting like you hadn’t slept with your boss but that was really hard when he was always watching you randomly while you worked. You could feel his intense stare even though you weren’t looking. His hand would always teasingly linger on yours when you passed him documents and he would always have that smug look when he noticed your face turned a subtle shade of red.

 

You wanted to slap him for being such a tease but everytime he smirked at you with that slightly quirked eyebrow you couldn’t help but feel a little weak kneed. Chanyeol had informed you that he was going to go on a business trip for a week and that he was going to try to call you as much as possible.

 

You didn’t think it was going to be that hard to be away from him since you guys weren’t even officially ‘going out’. But just four days after he left, you felt slightly lonely. You missed seeing him everyday and he had only called you once out of the four days due to his hectic schedule. You were sitting on your bed getting ready to go to sleep when your phone started ringing.

 

You felt your heart race when you saw that it was Chanyeol calling. It’s felt like so long since you talked to him even though you guys talked three days ago. You instinctively smoothed out your hair, making sure you looked okay, even though he couldn’t see you, and anxiously answered the phone.

 

“H-hey.” You facepalmed yourself. You just had to stutter like an idiot didn’t you?

 

“Hey baby,” his low voice sent chills down your spine, “miss me?” he chuckled, sensing your cute nervousness.

 

You could practically hear his smirk through the phone. “Yeah...I do,” you shyly replied, silently screaming into your pillow at how cheesy this was.

 

“I miss you too. I wish you were here,” he stopped for a second to lick his lips, “I miss seeing you blush when I touch you, you’re so cute for daddy hmm?” You instantly felt your face heat up. “Do you think about that day a lot, baby?”

 

You swallowed hard. “W-what day?” You hear his low chuckle through the phone.

 

“You know what I’m talking about. Do you think about my long fingers inside you while you were on my desk?"

 

Your breath hitched.

 

“You were trying so hard to fuck yourself onto my tongue, mhmm you tasted so good. I miss your cute little moans too. They drove me insane, I just wanted to fuck you all day just so I could listen to them.”

 

You let out a breath you didn’t even know you were holding.

 

“Can do you something for me, baby?”

 

“W-what?” your voice barely audible.

 

“Lay down on the bed for me.” he commanded. You quickly scrambled on your bed, lying down on your back.

 

“I want you to touch yourself for me, baby. Can you do that for daddy?” You swallowed hard.

 

“Y-yes,” you replied.

 

“Yes what?” His voice was dangerously low and you felt heating pooling in the pit of your stomach.

 

“Yes,d-daddy.”

 

“Good girl