together. They almost started screaming themselves, but Tikki gave them all a collective glare and, fearing what the creature was, they all stayed silent.

"Why... why... pain?" Marinette panted, tears slowing down.

Tikki sighed. "Being a Miraculous holder gives you a half-effective protection from Akumas. It's like a static television channel for Hawkmoth, he can't reach you or talk you into being his slave. But... it's very painful for you. It takes immense mental energy, an amount too large for a human. That's why I share some of the pain too, because I, being connected to you through the Miraculous, can try to feed you more mental energy. It never really works out very well. I'm sorry Marinette. I really should've told you..."

Marinette managed to smile. "It's... okay Tikki. It's over... right? And I'm not mad at you either... for blowing our identity cover. I just hope... that my class doesn't decide to reveal me as Ladybug further..."

"WE WON'T!" The class collectively shouted right after she finished speaking. "Right, Chloe?!" Alya added with a hiss.

Chloe, wide eyed and frozen, could only manage a small nod.

Marinette's smile grew wider. "Thank you..." then her eyes rolled back into her head, head falling to the floor.

"Alya, we need to take Marinette to the infirmary now!" Mme, Bustier said, regaining her control.

And as the two lifted the unconscious girl and took her out the classroom, Tikki decided to stay behind. They'd left her purse on the floor, she couldn't hide and be with Marinette at the same time. Instead, she turned to the rest of the class, becoming more shy. The adrenaline had worn off, and she wasn't used to being out in the open with so many people around. For the second time that day, she did something she'd rather not.

"Any questions?"

Because everyone wanted Adrien flipping his shit over last chapter

So I decided this was gonna be multichapter the day after I posted it but I've been absent for like 2 months. How To Save, Who To Save? is more important on my updating list to be honest with you, and that's starting to actually get interesting lol


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

"Any questions?"

The small Ladybug Kwami barely had any time to even ask the question before Adrien, in his panicked glory, slammed his fists on the desk to push himself up. He stared at Tikki with wild eyes.

"Is Marinette going to be okay?!" He asked frantically.

"Marinette should be fine, but she might not be awake for awhile. The Akuma defense takes immense amounts of energy, as I said. Too much for a human. Most of the energy came from me, her energy was burnt up in the first few seconds. The worst case scenario is she's stuck in a coma, but Marinette is strong. I don't think that'll happen." Tikki replied, eyes drooping slightly. "That being said, does anyone have cookies? Something sugary like that? I need to recharge, just because I'm a Kwami doesn't mean I have unlimited amounts of energy."

Adrien slipped back into his seat, lost in the thoughts of what just happened. His classmates were searching through their backpacks, looking for anything that Tikki could use for food. Marinette could end up trapped in a coma?! How could Tikki just be so calm about that? Marinette was Ladybug, Paris needed Ladybug to purify Akumas, not be stuck in a coma!


Marinette is Ladybug.


His brain then shut down completely as that damming thought crossed his mind. He loved Marinette. Marinette was the girl behind the mask, the girl he vowed he loved since day one.

Was he correct?

Who in their right mind could ever hate Marinette in general? Well, Chloe, but she didn't count. Marinette was amazing. She was creative, kind, brave, smart... and extremely adorable. Adrien wasn't an idiot. He knew how damn cute that girl could be, she even managed to ensnare Nino for a short time. Of course, Nino had Alya now, but him having a small crush on Marinette had really prompted him to start noticing the girl more. Marinette never seemed to like him very much, though. She always was nervous around him, stuttering and mixing up her words. Heck, even that about her was cute. How could someone be so adorable without even trying?!

But did Adrien love her?

There was no damn way he couldn't. Ladybug or not, he'd been starting to fall for the petite girl against his will. But now both of his crushes were the same girl. The only problem was she didn't like him, and that hurt. A lot. He didn't have a chance with her at all,