hard. Judy ran her free paw through her ears, a comforting gesture she made to calm herself when speaking to family and friends. If it wasn't so unprofessional looking, she imagined it would also be a great help on the job. 

“It's Belle. Can you talk to her, maybe?” He asked. 

“Belle Haunches?” Judy seemed to think for a moment. “About...?”

“I don't want to say. It's not really my place. But she could use a friend.” Bongo said at last. 

Judy rolled her eyes. “Belle and I aren't exactly friends.” 

Bongo broke into an enormous smile. “Judy, you're pretty much everyone's friend.” 

Judy couldn't help but smile back. “Okay, Buster,” she said. “Since we're friends, I'll try being her friend. Friendship squared.” 

Nick sniggered behind her and she shot a glance over her shoulder. 

“I'll let you go,” Bongo said. “I'll be seeing you soon anyway.” 

“Absolutely,” she promised. 

After she hung up, she turned on her partner, ears half cocked, eyebrows raised. “Something funny, Slick?” she asked. 

“Carrots to the rescue,” Nick teased. “Carrots, the friendship fairy.” 

Judy rolled her eyes. “It worked on you, fox,” she reminded him, though her ears felt warm. 

“True. Maybe I'm just jealous you're abandoning me to gorge on blueberries for a few extra days while I probably get stuck on parking duty,” he said, flipping through the report. “Do you think the timing inconsistency here is intentional? The interview was three weeks after the incident.” 

Judy took the page and skimmed it. “It's possible,” she conceded, “but look at the mole's statement here? It's unlikely both of them erred exactly ten minutes early by accident. And you could come with me.” 

Nick paused, looking up to squint at Judy. The light from the window was hitting at the exact angle to send sunbursts of color and distraction around the room and it dazzled his sensitive eyes. Judy pulled the blinds and turned on a dim lamp before he had a chance to mention it. Instead, he asked “Come with you?” 

“To Bunnyburrow, early.” She said patiently. “The cloth indicates a mammal who works around heavy machinery because of the grease, but the fur indicates a bear... do you think they were in on it together?” 

“A whole week of rabbits?” Nick asked, abandoning the case file. His voice belied his words, sounding playful and perhaps even a little interested. His ears perked a bit. 

“It's a cheap vacation,” Judy said, putting the file into her lap. She was suddenly aware of how close they sat on her bed, his legs hanging off, her perched on the foot only inches away. “Lots of neat stuff in the Burrow,” she wheedled. 

“So convince me,” Nick said, lolling back across her bed, head resting on her pillow. She crawled up beside him, laying so they were only barely touching. She raised her paw into the air, gesturing as she spoke. 

“Picture this,” she said, setting the scene. “A luxurious night's sleep in a hand crafted bed stuffed full of soft sheep's wool and down feathers. You wake up to the smell of blueberry waffles and poached eggs-” 

“Eggs?” Nick interjected. 

“We usually have a pred or two as temporary help in the harvest season,” she explained. “So they're pretty standard.” She let that sink in a moment. Fresh eggs were easy pickings in farmland. In the city they were ruinously expensive- a once a week treat, if that. 

“Go on,” Nick grabbed her paw and stretched it back out toward the ceiling. She laughed softly and gave it a little wave. 

“After breakfast, a brisk walk through the untamed woodlands. Perfect for a Ranger Scout type to look for rare flora,” she said slyly. “Spend the afternoon with townfolk bowled over by your big city charm... homemade vegetable pot pies... bonfire with roasted sweet potato cakes and moonshine... and...” She rolled over to look at him but he had rolled over already and their muzzles were so close they were nearly touching. 

“And.” Nick said, a little huskily. 

“And.” Judy said, pupils dilating. “No paperwork,” she breathed.

Nick sat up. “Brilliant! Paperwork- that stoat's alibi was based on that paperwork he uploaded, but he could have set all that up ahead of time. He had access to bear fur from his barbershop and I bet you that grease spot is from hair oil. Oh, and you've convinced me, by the way. We can put in for joint leave when we finish processing the arrest warrant.” Nick visibly preened. 

“Great,” Judy said from where still she lay sprawled on the bed.



~~

Gideon Grey knocked on the