next target, the little girl. "Cho, go fetch some lychee juice for everyone. You must all be thirsty after flying for four hours."



 

Her tone dripped with disapproval, as if she thought that Diki might as well have just spent the afternoon watching paint dry with the pupils.



 

"Yes, Nun Jetsun."



 

"I'll go with her!" Diki said, grabbed the girl's hand and with a rush of air ran with her towards the kitchen. They both kept a low profile until they were sure the old woman could not hear them and Diki burst out laughing, soon followed by the young girl.



 

"She really hasn't changed one bit!"



 

"Was she always that grumpy?"



 

"Oh, trust me, she was. I think she was born with a frown on her face."



 

Cho giggled.



 

"At least you have all the other nuns."



 

"Yeah…"



 

"And Dolma and I will be staying here for a little while. I still don't know how long. Dolma has the itchiest feet in the history of the Air Nomads."



 

"I can't wait till I get to scour the world!"



 

Diki smiled. She still remembered when she was a little girl and looked forward to every trip ever taken with the other little nuns. These had been the good old days, yet she was not nostalgic. The past had given her guidance, but as far as she could see, the future was smiling upon her. As time went by, her life felt more fulfilling and amazing every instant more than the one before.



 

"I'd love to tell you that it's not as amazing as they make it up to be, but really, it is. We live in a beautiful world, Cho, never forget that. There is peace and knowledge to be found everywhere, not to mention fun and pleasure."



 

"Have you been to the Water Tribes? I've always wanted to see the Water Tribes."



 

"Not exactly, but I have been to the South Pole and sled on penguins with Dolma."



 

"That sounds so amazing!"



 

"I might just take you and your friends with me on a field-trip when you're old enough."



 

"What? I'm old enough!"



 

Diki tried to hide her chuckling out of respect.



 

"You're five. You don't have a bison yet."



 

"Nun Sonam says we'll get one when we've mastered the first twelve airbending forms."



 

"In that case, it might not take that long. From what I've seen today, you almost got them."



 

"Thanks!"



 

They soon reached the kitchen, where Diki was surprised to find Dolma cutting papayas on a low table. If anything was to be said about Dolma, it's that she hated chores. She rationalized it by assuming she had been enrolled into cooking by one of the older nuns and had been hungry enough to accept.



 

Cho grabbed a big pitcher of lychee juice and carried it with all the strength a five year old could have. Diki offered to help, but she refused, claiming she was a big girl who did not need to be coddled like a baby.



 

"Stay with me for a bit, will you, Diki?" whined Dolma.



 

"Is that okay, Cho?"



 

"Of course. I can do this!"



 

"Good girl."



 

She smiled as the little girl left the room. Letting her carry the huge pitcher all on her own might be a disaster waiting to unfold but she figured she could take that risk. It's not like lychee juice was a rarity anyway.



 

"What were you doing all that time, Diki?!"



 

She turned to Dolma and frowned.



 

"What do you mean, what was I doing? I told you Sonam asked me if I wanted to teach the group of girls this afternoon. That's what I was doing."



 

"I mean why did it take so long?! Ugh, I hate being stuck in here."



 

The knife accompanying her angry gestures was far more dangerous of a tool than was reasonable to be found in Dolma's hands and Diki quickly stopped her arm, pulling the blade away from her. Dolma stuck her tongue out and, since she was forbidden from cutting the fruit anymore, began eating the bits she had diced.



 

"You should have thought of that before you tried flying off that cliff with no glider, dear."



 

Dolma's eyes narrowed on her, as if she was deeply shocked Diki would suggest her fall, that had led to her foot being broken, was somehow her fault − which it really was.



 

"I should have taken Mushi and flown next to you and the girls," she finally sighed, defeated.



 

"Nun Jetsun asked that you stay off the bison until you can walk again and I think she's right."



 

"See, I thought the point of getting my tatts was to get away from the old nuns and their demands!"



 

What about showing that you've mastered the ancient art of airbending and reached the level of wisdom required to be an independent air nomad?