loose-leaf binder that she scribbles in haphazardly, and one leather-bound journal where she writes her perfected versions in neat script with a black fine-tipped marker. Regina is pleased to learn that although Emma’s slovenly habits are her default state, she is actually quite receptive to both cleanup requests and to simple changes in her habits that make her neater. Oddly, despite her general disorganization, Emma can’t stand it when anyone squeezes the toothpaste from the middle or fails to replace the cap. Neither of them are morning people, and it becomes a house rule that no apologies are necessary for rudeness that occurs before 8 am. Emma is surprised that Regina’s hair is naturally curly, and that she doesn’t spend much longer on her morning routine than Emma does. Regina is actually not that surprised that Emma’s lustrous blond waves are dependent on curling irons and highlights. Emma often sleeps in her underwear and a tank top but occasionally gets in the mood for flannel pajamas and will wear them for weeks at a time. Regina becomes uncharacteristically sweet and kind whenever she is ill. They both have a secret addiction to “Dancing With the Stars”.

Henry comes home to visit for Christmas. He asks if he should stay at Mifflin Street, but Emma insists that there is plenty of room for him. He asks if he should put his stuff up in the attic room and Emma says, casually, “no, you can have your old room.” He shoots Regina a questioning look, one eyebrow raised, and she looks back with an intimidating glare. He gets the message. Drop the subject and don’t make a big deal out of it.

Its then that Regina first starts thinking that there is something a little odd about their arrangement. But she’s never really cared what other people thought about her personal life, and she’s not about to start now.

Henry seems quite pleased, and remarks more than once how nice it is not to have to split his precious time home between his two moms. Regina even overhears him coaching Kate on which moms to ask for what. She feels her stomach turn at that, and pretends she didn’t hear it.

Regina hopes the sleeping arrangements didn’t give him the wrong idea about the nature of their relationship. Regina makes sure they play a few rounds of their game, “who’s the most attractive man on Dancing with the Stars” where they argue about their respective answers, which is actually a normal thing for them. But then occasionally it devolves into “who’s the most attractive woman,” which is always less amusing because they are more likely to agree. She also makes sure to insert some opportunities to reminisce about Killian, to make sure that Henry knows that she’s not replacing him. She has no idea if any of this works.

        *****

It’s a cold night in late February, and Regina is late getting home due to a meeting that ran long. She’s tired and hungry and it feels so good to enter the house and shed her layers. As she’s kicking off her shoes she breathes in the smell of food, and she can actually hear her stomach grumble in response. She heads into the kitchen to see what she can do to help, stopping to kiss Kate, who is happily chattering nonsense in her high chair, watching Emma move about the kitchen. Emma is balancing too many things in her arms, including a glass bowl of spaghetti. Regina is moving toward her to take something off of her hands when she sees Emma loose control of the spaghetti. Regina rushes to help steady it, but her stocking feet slip a bit and she bumps the bowl further out of Emma’s control. Emma is reaching to catch it, but, noticing Regina loosing her balance she reaches to steady her at the same time and ends up knocking the bowl into the air. They both try to grab it and there are three moments where it seems like one of them has it before it slips away again. By the end of the little scene they have managed to keep the bowl from shattering, but they both end up on the floor, covered with spaghetti. The laughter bursts out and overtakes them until tears are in their eyes.

When she gets her breath back Regina realizes that this is the first time she’s seen Emma laugh since Kate was born. Kate is grinning and slapping the high chair tray.

After they get most of the mess up off the floor, still sporadically laughing, Regina tells Emma that she’s going to go change her clothes.

“Not so fast. Photo opp first.”

Regina rolls her eyes at Emma, who responds, “Oh, come on Regina. Every kid’s baby book has at least one picture of the kid covered in food. How many kids have one of themselves perfectly clean with their parents covered in food?”

Regina obeys Emma and poses for the selfie with Kate between them. For the remainder of the evening she can’t stop replaying Emma’s last sentence in her mind. Parents. It hadn’t occurred