the memories good and bad of the ones you’ve lost. And that is exactly what I see in his eyes.

“Yeah.” he finally said after a long silence. I hoped he would go on, open up a little but he just took the picture from between my fingers, folded it up as the creases indicated he had done so many times before then continued the walk back to the apartment. I made a few efforts to cheer him up before we got back into the warmth of the building; trying to loop our arms, start a conversation, but every time I was shot down or ignored, as he pushed his hands further into his jacket pockets. When we finally got home from what seemed like the longest walk from the bookstore I watched him kick his shoes off before walking wordlessly into his study, door closing behind him. Shit, I messed up.

The night went by without a word, I worked on my laptop in the living room hoping that he would come out of the room so I could at least apologize (as for what, I’m still unsure about) but it never happened. When the clock hit quarter to 8 I finally stood up and knocked on the door under the pretense of patrol. “Hey Jay,” Not a word. I knocked again, “Jay, I know I shouldn’t have pried but it’s almost 9 and I wanted to know if you plan on going on patrol.” When I didn’t get a responce I decided to give him some space, even though I wanted nothing more than to be able to comfort him, I’ve been around Jason enough to know when he needs some time.

I went back to the closed door, now dressed in the bare minimum of my Red Robin gear, all my gloves, belt, cape, boots, mask and staff still sitting on the coffee table. I knocked softly, the small metal plates that lined my fingers making my knock sound so much louder then I had meant. Once again I got no response, which didn’t sit right with me. Jason likes his space but at the same time I know that he hates being alone and often when he’s left to his own devices for long periods of isolation his mind tends to run wild. And it was because of that reason that I decided to push open the door and step into the dimly lit room. There were bookcases lining a lot of the wall space, a tire from the Batmobile was sitting on a lower shelf and a glass wall case with a few of his swords from his training were the only other decorations on the walls. There was a big desk in the middle of the room, with stacks of both of our work, mixed with a few folder from Wayne Enterprises that I was forced to work on this weekend. The desk lamp was on and illuminated just enough for me to see Jason sitting in the desk chair, on knee pulled up to his chest while he read a book that was in front of him.

He didn’t look up when I entered, but his posture changed from relaxed to much more rigid and tense. I stood awkwardly in the doorway, hoping that he would say anything. The silence stretched on but I could tell that he wasn’t paying much attention to the book in front of him anymore. “Can I say something?” I whispered, wincing at how loud even that sounded in the silent room.

“It’s a free country.” He said, not looking away from the pages that he seemed to be staring at so intently. “I’m not sure what I did that upset you, I guess I shouldn’t have looked at the picture, let alone ask you about it. But, I’m really sorry and I just…”I took a deep breath, trying to steady my voice as best I could. “I’m just curious about your life before being Robin, and I know it’s painful and I shouldn’t have asked. I’m so sorry Jay, I hate seeing you like this.” There was another painful silent moment where I could feel the suffocating tension in the room.

“Come here.” I watched as he pushed the chair back and shifted so he was sitting cross legged. Slowly I walked over and around the table before I was standing in front of him, his gaze directed to the floor. He reached out and wrapping his arms around my waist, tugging me onto his lap and holding me close. I tucked my head under his chin and smiled as the tense atmosphere in the room dissipated and left us in eachother’s arms. “She would have liked you a lot.” He mumbled into my hair and he carded his fingers through my longer locks. I hummed softly, hoping he would continue. “She was a good mom when she…” he paused but I couldn’t tell if it was to carefully choose his wording or if he was uncomfortable with sharing. “...When she was clean she was amazing.” I grasped the hand that he had resting in my lap, lacing