diminished when he thought about the omega. He hoped they didn't take his prize so soon.“I think we have a few hours to spare. I'm going to get some supplies. You behave, your majesty.”

The hunter left him alone in the horrifying room. Castiel was thankful for one thing: The hunter was a cocky fellow. He really believed he had everything figured out. Castiel didn't need to frequently leave the castle to understand how that would end. He sighed heavily and reached for the book. What kind of literature did psychopaths carry around?

“Hello?” A hesitant female voice came from below him. Castiel jumped in surprise. There was someone down there. He wasn't the first person taken prisoner. He slid as close as he could to the opening on the floor. It was too dark to see through the small crack between the floor and its door. All he could see was two completely amber eyes. His breath caught in his throat. Those eyes weren't human. Those were the eyes of a full bred wolf.

 

TBH I forgot about his mice friends for just a second there. 

Also, Dean is actually at the forest before the hunter. He was just on the other side of the forest.

 

Dean and the others watched as the hunter dropped down from his tree house. The horse looked like it had been through literal hell. It struggled to stand as it continued to pant. It was probably hungry and thirsty. There was no food around it or any water to be seen. Dean felt sorry for the poor beast. It didn't ask to be stolen by a man like that.

The hunter, thankfully, didn't take the horse with him whereever he was going. The wolves had to resist the urge to pounce him immediately. They were still healing and were in no condition to fight the man. They would wait until he was out of sight before they went to get the prince.

Dean could hear him. He could hear the prince's voice speaking soothingly. He had thought he heard another voice but soon it only was his deep voice in the air. He could listen to that voice all day if he could. He focused on it. It kept him grounded. It kept him from making a mistake and ripping out the hunter's throat then and there. There was an alpha female in the air. This female smelt undeniably like a wolf. Sometimes wolf scents were faint. It was like a signature at the end of a scent. Half wolves like him and his brother had those signatures. This one was like large, bold writing on parchment. It was thick and undeniably there. This had to be a full wolf.

Full wolves were rare and very dangerous. They had little control over their instincts and seemed to be much more powerful. An alpha full wolf could easily defeat Dean in a battle. Even on his best day. She was a female which made her slightly less powerful than a male. However, she was still above him. His blood was so diluted with human's that it was surprising that he was even an alpha. He was still stronger than a beta regardless of blood purity. However, a beta full wolf was only slightly weaker. Compared to other alphas, he was probably rather low on the totem poll.

If she worked with the hunter, he didn't want to alarm her. He didn't need her tearing at them as they tried to find Castiel. So, they had to let the hunter go. There was no way they could fight a hunter and an alpha at the same time. The smell of death hung around the tree like a heavy blanket. There had been so much blood spilled around this area. He could smell it from the soil. Even though the rain must have come many times before, there was too much blood spilled here. There was not enough rains to wash the horrifying smell away. All of it wolves. So many came and so many died. He had to play it safe. He didn't want to add to their numbers.

When they no longer saw the hunter and was assured that he no longer could see them as well, the four moved towards the tree. It towered above them but there was no ladder to climb up the tree. Well, there was a ladder but the hunter had tossed it back on to the branch. It worked to keep people out but how did the hunter get into the place without it? There was no rope either. How were they to get up there?

Kevin stroked the horse's mane. He had left his horse and cart over in Chapel Town. He knew that by now, his horse and cart had probably been confiscated. Hopefully, he'd be able to win her back. However, if someone had already claimed her this horse may be a fine replacement. This dark horse was a beauty. It didn't seem like it could handle much now. Not while it seemed to be near death. He wanted to care for the creature. It'