has mixed with the crushed herbs on her fingers, and it reminds her sharply of home: of Athos, in high summer, where viansha grows wild along the warm riverbanks.

For an instant, she is wildly, unexpectedly homesick.  By her count of months, it is early spring on Athos, and all the wildflowers are in bloom.  The south winds are warming the soil, but there are no tents to snap and tug at, no fires to whip into sparks.  Any who remained have long since been culled, and the earth has been burned by the Wraith in vengeance for their resistance.  And her kin on Atlantis' mainland are no longer her people; she has accepted the city as her home instead.  She is their leader, but no longer their guide, their mediator.  She has moved past them.

This is, she thinks, how Rodney must feel, in offering Colonel Sheppard this moment with Ronon.  Sick at heart with a fierce and sudden loneliness, and longing for something that he can never return to.

"You should sleep," she says, because she is certain he would reject any advice she might give.  Tell him that you love him is at once too simple and too incomplete.  She does not know, any more than she suspects he does, to which of them he would say it: Ronon, or John?

"I won't sleep," Rodney says.  "I don't know how Carson does it; you'd think the sharp jabby pointy bits were a Posturepaedic mattress, the way he naps on any hard surface."  He's only talking because he always does.  He's listening, guilty and jealous and saddened and, perhaps, aroused.  Teyla forces her eyes away from his face; it is too open for her, too vulnerable.  She walks again to the door that leads to the forest, and breathes in the night scents.

It is in the warming spring that lovers on Athos offer the viansha to each other.  The herb only blooms for a short time in summer, and the dried leaves, like love, must last all through the cold sleep of winter and the thawing rains, held closely and protected.  Choosings come in spring, and blessings.

For an Athosian year, Teyla has chosen the city of the Ancients; she has chosen Atlantis and the people of Earth.  She was never blind to John and Rodney, and she never turned away from the pain of having a place apart from the new village, the new Athos, that her people have established on the mainland.  Rodney's hurt is not unfamiliar.  He's holding himself suspended between what is and what might be.

She is still there, perhaps an hour later, when she senses the warmth and mass of Ronon behind her.

"I'll take the watch," he says.  In the darkness, his eyes give nothing away.

Teyla nods, needing no more words.  In the cave, Rodney lies on a hasty mattress made of gear and bedding, as restless in sleep as he is in waking.  The door between the two rooms of the cave is open, and beyond, she supposes that John is just as deeply asleep.  Ronon stands on his own, waiting out the darkness.

Teyla finds her own sleeping roll, and aches for all of them.  This choice, at least, has yet to be made.

There is viansha growing on the mainland.  Charan brought it and many other plants with her, precious packets of Athosian soil and moisture, filled with seeds and questing roots.  They have planted gardens, and cleared fields, and begun a second season of sowing.  When Teyla returns to visit the village, swept towards the mainland at a puddlejumper's speed, she occasionally forgets that this, too, could be her home.  Her people have long been hunters, trusting to Athos to provide the plants they needed.  Now, for Atlantis' sake, they are farmers, learning to till and harrow.  Long ago, before the Wraith, they lived in cities and by their learning more than their instincts.  They are no strangers to change.  But even here the viansha grows in the well-tended plots, and the air smells like home.

Lieutenant Cross grins at her as he powers down the puddlejumper.  Moments later, Eydena runs across the landing field and he sweeps her up into her arms, kissing her soundly.  Even Michael Cross is less a visitor here than she; Eydena gifted him with the choosing herb months ago, during Atlantis' spring.  Teyla moves among the tents slowly, glad for each one that she recognises.

In the city, Colonel Sheppard is still recovering from his experience as an iratus bug.  She is waiting for him to be well again, but she chooses to stay away from the infirmary in the meantime.  Rodney and Ronon take their turns at John's side, and she is not ready to watch them circle about each other, wary and uncertain.

They have fallen into the well of each other's gravity.  This will not end soon, or well; and since none of them have asked for Teyla's thoughts on