with any gesture. It was him that was making me feel like this, but definitely not his fault.

“Kagami-kun.” I voiced out, and looked at him. I held him in his both arms, and he looked confused. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”

“Kuroko—“

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry…”

And there were tears again.

This is pathetic. I’m becoming a crybaby.

“Kuroko, tell me, what’s wrong?” he sounded so helpless.

I should just probably tell him. Sooner or later, my feelings would probably leak anyway. There was no escape with this from the start. I should just stop blaming anything else.

Kagami-kun was very kind to me. If I were to tell him my feelings, I hoped he would never reject me in a rough way. I hoped he was still willing to be friends with me.

He was very gentle, totally contrast to his frowning face. He knew how to cook very good dishes, and he was very passionate about basketball.

“I lied to Kagami-kun.” I began. “I have decided to study in Kyoto, not anywhere in Tokyo or nearby.”

“I wanted to run away from many things, that’s why I lied. I apologize.”

“What else?” He asked, his voice indifferent.

“I…” I gulped. This is it.

I suddenly remembered a song I heard one day. It was about someone, fearing that his beloved will hate him, escaped somewhere far away. I thought I related to the song very much, but right now, I decided not to. I should face reality, like how I did back in middle school.

“I…never thought of Kagami-kun as a friend.”

I let go of his hands.

He looked dumbfounded.

I chuckled internally. Of course, he would. The person who you thought was your best friend all along actually harbored impure feelings, anyone would get shocked.

“So, I was saying, it’s like that. I planned to tell in graduation, but it’s becoming unbearable.”

“If you want to stay away, it’s okay. My feelings are disgusting to any straight guy. This is probably a goodbye?”

I tried smiling.

I tried very hard.

But after all of that, I felt tears dropping again.

I thought I had let out all these tears last night.

And then, he left me alone in that place.

 

Below the starry sky, will Kuroko follow the footsteps of the persona in the song he had heard?

I’m sorry for the inconsistent tense in the last chapter! I’ll try my best in this fanfic. 

I don’t think I can actually put into words my planned sad end. I cannot just imagine Kagami hurting Kuroko in any way(even in canon), so here’s something on a bit greyish side. 

This is written in Kagami’s PoV.

Enjoy!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Lately, Kuroko’s been acting weird. He is not a talkative person in nature, but he has been talking less and less, and more than not, he will space out in the most dangerous places. He was almost hit by a bike, and if I were not with him at that time, he might be injured by now.

Whenever I ask him what’s wrong, he has only one reply. “I’m alright.”

He’s not a person who will tell you outright what his problem is, and I have learned that during my first year. He only opened to the team by the time we’re against Rakuzan. He did not specifically tell us that “I’m sorry I cannot trust you from the start because of my experience from my middle school.” but even an idiot like me was able to decipher that through experience.

And by “opening up” does not actually mean he has learned to rely on his teammates. He is still has his reservations, and I just have to accept the fact that he’s a reserved person by nature.

Considering that, I learned to read his emotions through facial expression. So far, I think, I have succeeded well.

These days, I begin to doubt myself again.

“Lately, you’re spacing out a lot.”

I know he has been staring at me while I cook, with some painful expression.

Just now, he looks like his secret was busted.

“Are you feeling bad?” I ask him, since his face looks contorted. I touch his forehead, and he is not warm at all. “But you’re not hot. You have no fever.”

For some reason, I can tell he wants to cry. He is trembling too much. Is he afraid of something? Did I make him uncomfortable? Damn it, is the smell of curry not good? I begin rummaging my head for answers, because a Kuroko who wants to cry, or actually crying is something I have never seen in