,” He snaps, stumbling out of the bed naked. He glances around for his underwear and gives up after a minute, pulling on his jeans without them. “You don’t- you don’t know anything,” He adds in a whisper, not trusting his voice to remain steady at full volume.

“I know you’ve probably never worked a day in your life,” Zayn says with a derisive snort. Harry doesn’t understand why Zayn is being so mean, but he doesn’t really care to find out.

“I’m leaving,” Harry mumbles, pulling his shirt on as he moves out of Zayn’s bedroom.

“That’s fine,” Zayn retorts. Harry gulps back tears.

“I don’t want to see you again,” Harry says. Zayn shrugs, not turning to look at Harry. As he leaves, feeling even worse than when he found out all his money was gone, he sees Zayn’s ridiculous leather jacket and snatches it. He’ll give it to Niall to return eventually.

 

Harry doesn’t particularly feel like going back to El’s and watching her and Louis be all loved up, although he’s happy for them, so he heads back to Niall’s and hopes he’ll be able to read the situation enough not to poke fun. When Niall opens the door and sees Harry in Zayn’s jacket with swollen red eyes and tear stained cheeks he immediately pulls him in for a hug.

“He’s not even that great a singer anyway,” Niall says, rubbing Harry’s back as they cuddle on the couch.

“Shut up,” Harry huffs. He appreciates Niall’s attempt at comfort though.

“You’re gonna be okay, Hazza,” Niall whispers. Harry wipes his nose on Niall’s shirt and dozes off, feeling much better.

When he wakes up he’s still on the couch, a blanket tossed over him and Zayn’s jacket clutched loosely in one fist on the floor. Niall is sitting next to him munching on a bowl of leftover Chinese food and watching America’s Next Top Model on TV. There’s another bowl set on the coffee table for Harry, which he grabs solemnly.

“You’re still looking for a job right?” Niall asks. Harry groans.

“Don’t remind me, El already bugs me enough. I’m looking, I swear,” He complains, mouth full of chow mein.

“No, I mean I have a job for you,” Niall amends.

“Like, a record deal?” Harry asks excitedly. Niall snorts and Harry pouts at him.

“Not quite, rockstar. Remember Ruby Payne’s son, Liam?”

And that’s how Harry ends up standing outside a formidable looking private school as eleven year old Liam Payne’s new nanny.


___

 

Liam emerges from the huge front doors with all the other kids, looking absolutely adorable with his mess of curly hair and his pristine uniform. He glances around the yard, obviously looking for his old nanny, a nice young girl who Ruby fired for reasons unknown to anyone, including Liam apparently.

“Liam!” Harry shouts, waving his arms over his head dramatically, “Over here, I’m Harry, remember me?” Liam spots him and looks like he may pass out for a second. Harry thinks perhaps short denim overalls and a bright yellow t-shirt was not the best outfit choice for his first day as a nanny, especially when he sees all the other somberly dressed nannies around him.

“What are you doing here? Where is Lily?” Liam hisses when he gets over to Harry. The other kids are staring and giggling and Liam looks to be trying very hard not to flush.

“You’re mother let Lily go,” Harry says, patting Liam’s shoulder comfortingly, although the young boy doesn’t look too upset at the news. “But I’m your nanny now! Isn’t that great? We’re curly hair buddies!” He pulls on a lock of Liam’s hair for emphasis.

Liam slaps his hand away and starts walking quickly toward the school gates so that Harry has no choice but to hurry after him. “My hair doesn’t make me look like a gross hippy,” Liam snaps at him.

Harry presses a hand to his heart, gasping loud enough to make all the kids turn and stare at them again. “Words hurt, Liam,” Harry scolds, giggling when Liam flushes and scowls at the gawking schoolchildren.

“Whatever, can we go, please? I need to take my medication,” Liam says. Harry nods, grabbing Liam’s hand and walking him down the street. Liam jerks his hand away twice, but decides it’s not worth the effort the third time Harry grabs it and allows Harry to hold his hand as they make their way back to Liam’s apartment. Harry counts it as a win.

Liam gets them past the front desk, introducing Harry to the security guards as ‘Harry the Nanny’, and they ride