So Ruff Rabbit came out to support Noiz. He also saw a ton of people in traditional wear signalling Koujaku’s entourage. The air practically crackled with antagonism between the two groups. Ugh.

Then, there was a small mass of Dry Juicer’s who had loyally stuck behind Mizuki, who had a small smile on his face. Aoba had visited him a lot in the hospital, and things were looking bright for the future of Dry Juice. Mizuki was actually learning how to Rhyme and he was turning his rib-gang into a multi-platform team. Family shouldn’t be so exclusive, he said as he came around to the idea more and more. 

Aoba approached, generally ignored by the eager waiting crowd. Until both Koujaku and Mizuki materialized out of nowhere to flank him. He frowned, embarrassed. It was like he had his own entourage now, with Clear and Ren also in tow. 

Noiz was standing casually in the center of the match ring, looking at his coil before meeting Aoba’s eyes and smiling ever so slightly. The Ruff Rabbiters quieted as Noiz clicked off his keyboard. “Ready to lose?” he called.

“We’ll see about that.” Aoba said, not able to help a grin. Koujaku gave him a pat on the back as he and Mizuki retreated to the sidelines. Aoba had to shoo away Clear, who was wearing his gas mask in public.

Then, a seal of light materialized on the cement. The fight was about to start. 

Out of the light a figure scanned into existence. Instead of the old female silhouette, though, a male one appeared, all in white, the new match moderator, just like Noiz had said.

Barely any color bled into the figure, but details emerged from the silhouette then black details seeped into his clothing. Aoba gasped and stepped back.

Noiz looked at him, questioning.

“S-” His feet moved before he had any input. “Sei!” Aoba gasped as he approached the hologram. But before he could reach it, Noiz, Ren, and he warped into their Rhyme field. 

Ren was instantly at Aoba’s side but couldn’t stop him as he ran and practically tackled the now tangible duel moderator from the air. They were no longer conscious so Aoba wouldn’t hear the gasps and whispers of the crowd at his strange behavior. 

“Aoba!” Ren shouted as he rushed up.

“Aoba?” Noiz asked.

“Aoba…” The moderator mumbled affectionately as he wrapped his arms around him.

“Sei! Sei-” Aoba couldn’t help as tears pricked at his eyes and his voice hitched. “Sei, you’re alive! You’re alive - oh my god, Sei!” 

Sei pet Aoba’s hair and he shivered. It being numbed like normal hair in the real world didn’t seem hold any power here in his brother’s arms. “No, Aoba. You destroyed me.” He said. 

Aoba cried harder and buried his face into the whiteness of Sei’s shoulder. “I’m sorry! I’m so sorry, Sei-”

“Shh. Aoba.” Sei said gently as he lifted Aoba’s chin with a thumb. “You did what I wanted. I am free now, hm?”

“Free?”

“Mmm. And not tired, or hurting. I have power, and a voice now. Just like you.” He said smiling.

Aoba sat up, in Sei’s lap and wiped at his eyes. “So you’re...happy?” 

“Mmm.” 

“Aoba.” Ren said, kneeling down beside the twins.

“Hello, Ren.” Sei said, reaching a hand and scrubbing Ren’s head just like a dog. 

“Sei.” Ren couldn’t help but smile and lap up the affection. 

“Look, Aoba.” Sei said as Ren hugged him from behind, all of them way overly affectionate and not taking one clue about it. “You’re not alone anymore.”

Aoba suddenly hiccuped and cried anew as he flung his arms around Sei’s neck, pulling Ren with him into another hug. 

“Sei.” Aoba wept happily, but continued through his sniffle “Sei, Come home with me and stay with me, and Granny, and everyone else. Come be free with us!”

“Ah…” Sei replied, and leaned back a bit. “Aoba...about that.”

“Huh?” Aoba sat back taking Sei’s hint for space. 

“You did destroy me you know. I have no physical body anymore.”

“What?” Aoba said breathlessly, horror-struck. “But-”

“It perished in the collapse of the tower.”

“Sei…”

“I live here now. Online.”

“But Sei…” Aoba rubbed his eyes red. This was like what happened with Ren all over again. He felt his heart breaking at the inhibitions placed upon them. “B-but…”

Oh!

Oh! It was like Ren all over again! Aoba gasped and then held Sei’s face with both hands, a smile breaking his sadness to pieces. “