to not thrust his hips up.
Niall gives it his all, taking only about half of the dick into his mouth before choking, but everytime he chokes the boy lets out a loud moan, spurring Niall on, this adventure only getting started.


Or atleast he thinks so, until he's being pushed onto his back and man between his thighs, his shirt off in the blink of an eye.


"Damn, tiger."


The boy rolls his eyes and latches onto his neck, sucking and leaving a big mark, making niall let out a groan, his head tipping back to give the boy more access, not questioning his actions in the slightest.
It oddly feels natural to him.


As the boy latches onto his nipple, swirling his tongue around them and making Niall squirm, he remembers something.


"What is your name?"


The boy stops and looks up at him, smiling softly. "Zayn."


"I don't want to sound rude, but do you want to be a girl or summat?"


Zayn leaves small kisses along his stomach and hips, playing the buttons on his pants, murming his response. "No, I just like to feel  feminine  sometimes."


Niall nods and bites his lip before continuing his questions. "So like, do you wanna go by Zaynlita?"


Zayn stops completely, sitting up and looks straight at Niall in the eyes, void of any emotion.


"What? If I wanted a girl name, I'd give it to myself and what the fuck kind of name is Zaynlita?"


Niall pouts and shrugs. "I was trying to be considerate."


Suddenly his pants and boxers are off and he's turned onto his stomach, letting out a big huff of air in surprise, looking back and seeing Zayn completely naked, except for heels.


It oddly turns him on. Way too much for a straight man. Zayn is a greek god. Zayn is a very hot greek God that is currenly kissing a little to close to his prized area.


"What are you doin-" He's cut off when Zayn tongue swipes across his hole, Niall whining loudly at the pleasure of it, his fingers gripping onto the blanket, his whole body feeling like it's on fire.


Zayn takes that response as a good thing and continues, spreading Niall's cheeks and goes to town, licking and sucking and even biting on his rim, hearing Niall's muffled moans and breathy whimpers when he bites.


Niall has never been eaten out in his life, and he feels cheated. Cheated at life, at the Life's greatest pleasure. He should probably start rethinking how straight he is as a man is eating his ass, but he can't find it in him to give a fuck. But his thoughts go completely blank as he feels a tongue slide inside of him and swirl around his walls, prodding and making him squirm and whine in need, completely different than how he usually is in bed.


Zayn grips his hips tightly and shoves his ass even closer, making his face buried inside of it, barely able to breathe. He loves to manhandle, gripping and tugging and fucking people until they cry, all while he has his heels on and feels pretty. He loves to feel pretty but be dominate.


"Sh-shit, Zayn. I'm gonna cum like this if you don't stop." Niall doesn't know what he expects next, but he hopes there's penetration involved and he hopes he gets to penetrate pretty Zayn with cheek bones that could cut glass.


Zayn manhandles Niall until he's laying flat on his back, pushing his thighs open wide, watching as his hole flutters and clenches on nothing after being filled by his long tongue. He reaches over to the night stand , pulling out lube and catches Niall's eyes going wide and look down at his body and back up to Zayn.


"Wait a minute-"


"What, did you expect to be fucking me? Nuh uh, babe."


"But- you. The-" Niall stutters, his heart pounding. He's turned on by the idea of Zayn fucking him in his heels, but he's trying so hard to defend his heterosexualness.


"Do you not want to fuck? That's fine to. I can shove my tongue back inside of your ass and eat you out until you're crying and begging to cum. But..." Zayn leans down and whispers into Niall's ear, "I'd rather make you cum on my cock."


Niall whines loudly, arching his hips up and bites his lip hard, nodding quickly, spreading his thighs even further apart. "Hurry the fuck up."


Zayn grins and opens the tube of lube, getting his fingers nice and slippery before bringing them to Niall's hole, lightly teasing him and watching his hole flutter. He lets out a little giggle as he hears Niall whine once more before dipping one finger into him, it sliding in easy from when he stretched him with his tongue.


He fucks him for a while with one finger, gently slipping in a second when