hoping for him to come faster.

I silently watched as cousins came and went. They were waiting for the nurses to finish changing my mother into traditional clothes for her passing. I stared at the glass door, waiting for familiar faces to appear. Levi showed up with Hanji and Erwin, our friends. Erwin’s mother, Petra, walked behind them. I greeted them and sat down with them. Petra hugged me tightly.

“I’m so sorry, Eren,” she cried.

I could only nod. Was I supposed to say “thank you?” If it were anyone else, I would’ve said “right, because it’s all your fault?” Petra sat back and let me conversed with my peers. I sat down with a grin. I looked at Hanji and Erwin.

“Alright, so family gossip. My oldest sister, my crazy oldest sister, you know… the one who lives in California? So we told her what happened and she said that this wasn’t her problem. She’s not going to come up here, because she can’t drop everything. Even if she did come up here, there was nothing she could do. My dad called her and yelled at her saying that’s her mother and she should care. My dad was so pissed off,” I laughed.

“That… that… I don’t know what to say about that. That’s your family… still,” Hanji struggled to not insult my sister.

“Wow,” Erwin replied with a slow nod of his head.

“It’s okay, we all know, she’s a bitch,” I assured them.

“K-den,” Hanji exclaimed.

“I’m telling you, your family should just disown her already,” Levi grunted.

“My parents still love her,” I replied as a matter of fact.

“So… When do we get to see your mom?” Erwin questioned.

“I’m pretty sure that they’re still changing her. They’ll come by when they’re done. They would never let her pass without telling me,” I answered.

Soon, we were able to see my mother. Her room was full of cousins who were crying. I walked in and offered each and every one of my friends to talk with my mother. Then all of us siblings held on to my mother as they were about to take her off the machines. Levi grabbed my hand and intertwined our fingers. Dread filled my heart. I watched as my mother’s breathing slowed. Her face shifted to blue and pale. Her hand was slowly turning into ice. I squeezed Levi’s hand as I watched my mother took her last breath. I turned around and hugged Levi tightly. I didn’t give a shit that I was leaving snot on him. He was my boyfriend and he couldn’t deny me that privilege just because he was a clean freak. Levi wiped my tears away and hugged me back. He told me that “it will be okay.” That was a line that I repeated to myself as a child. It felt relieving to have someone else say it to me.

I watched as they took my mother’s body away. I wanted to break down. I wanted to hide in a corner of my room. But there was no time to rest. Them cousins had the fucking audacity to invite themselves over because it was “tradition.” We had to clean the house and we had to cook for them. Everything was shoved into my room since it was closest to the living room. I stared on at my siblings, unable to take in information. Them cousins were supposed to come everyday. It goes without saying, that I ran away to Levi’s very often.

I returned to school after two days of missing it. One for my mother’s passing and another for grieving. Levi, no matter how mean he looked, really cared. He ditched school to be with me too.

The teachers told me that I didn’t have to worry about the finals. I just had to go through them and if I did bad, it wouldn’t affect my grade. I laughed and complied. In truth, it pissed me off. I came back to school, ready to study. My mom would’ve wanted that. She would’ve said that it was my job to study. By telling me that it didn’t matter, meant that they wanted me to use my mother’s passing as an excuse to not study for the finals. They decided that without discussing it with me. As a retort, I aced all my finals.

School was coming to an end. Graduation was coming close. My mother was… forever gone. There was no time to break down and cry, not with them cousins around. When I was hugging my mother’s lifeless body, at the hospital, an elder lady pushed me away. She said that they had to see what my mother was wearing. I just nodded my head, but I was thinking…