thing he wanted was to get entirely useless information. After entertaining Ryuk for several hours, he knew he deserved something important.

Ryuk jumped up onto the ceiling. "Yeah, I know, but I thought maybe you'd like to know, that a human with the Shinigami eyes can't see their own lifespan, or the lifespan of anyone who owns a Death Note."

Light sucked in a breath. That meant…if someone had the Shinigami eyes…they could find him just by looking at him. And if L ever found someone who had made the eye trade… He rolled over and angrily glared at Ryuk. "Mind telling me why you never mentioned this before?"

Ryuk comically shrugged his shoulders. "Hey, there's so many rules I can't remember every one of them all the time. Besides, you said you weren't interested in making the trade."

Light let out an angry huff of air. "I'm not." He paused, considering the implications of the information. It wasn't a big deal, unless there were a lot of other Death Note users around. "How many other Shinigami have notebooks down here?"

"It's not my job to keep track of the other Shinigami. Give me a break! And who said you were entitled to more answers anyway?"

Light narrowed his eyes at the Shinigami. Yes, Ryuk was definitely more manipulative than when he'd first arrived. It was probably time for an apple ban. Then he could bribe the rest of the answers out of Ryuk later.

Based off of this hilarious edit: (http://reaperlight.tumblr.com/image/125808081790)

-.-

Light paused dramatically after clearing the dinner table. Now that he'd finished classes, studying, work, and taking care of Sayu for the day, he was free to return to his room and continue judging criminals. His father was working, his mother was busy cleaning, and Sayu was watching one of her programs. "Sayu, I'm going to study ahead for my classes. So make sure-"

"Those two again?" Sayu whined from in front of the television. "I was hoping for Hideki Ryuga or Misa. Why is it always L and Kira?"

"L?" Light asked, darting into the living room. "What are you watching?" Not that he held much hope for a silly television program. But still, there was the chance that the program could give him some insight as to the public opinion of L and Kira. The adult magazine article he'd read had a few good insights on how people viewed him, but it was frustrating that so many people thought there was sexual tension between Kira and L. That was all they ever thought about, but maybe Sayu's program would take a better angle…

'It's the Teen's Choice Awards," Sayu explained through a mouth of popcorn. "This time on their 'who is sexier' contest, it's L and Kira. But how can anyone vote for someone they haven't seen?"

Light fell forward onto the couch in surprise. Eventually he recovered enough to pull himself up into a sitting position. "What?" he managed.

Ryuk howled with laughter. "Hey, are you going to make sure you win, Light?"

Light covertly glared up at the Shinigami. Kira did not concern himself with such frivolities as popularity contests. And even if he did, he would never stoop so low as to cheat.

Onscreen, the host was interviewing celebrities and onlookers as to who they thought was sexier and why.

"L, of course," Hideki Ryuga said, with an obnoxious smile. "He's always stood for justice, and we've even seen him in a trench coat a few times. International detectives are always sexy."

"Wow, Hideki Ryuga is so smart!" Sayu gushed. She turned to Light. "Hey, who do you think is sexier, we could text in the vote! I think Hideki's right, let's vote L!"

Light grit his teeth. "Sayu, I think it's a little early to decide. And besides, these contests are silly anyway."

Next, the host had turned to Misa Amane, who was tearfully explaining to the audience why she considered Kira to be sexier. "What has L ever done?" she asked. "Kira has always tried to help people, to punish murderers when the system lets them get away with it!"

"She does have a point," Light said, leaning back with a smug smirk on his face. If only the audience members could see the real Kira and L, Light was certain he'd win easily. Still, he was sure his winning personality would be enough in this contest. He imagined going to work after classes tomorrow, knowing that he'd defeated L in a small way. It was doubtful L would even acknowledge the contest, but still, it was gratifying to imagine the detective slouched slightly in defeat.

Onscreen, people continued to make their cases for either a dashing vigilante murderer or