Maya could feel him twitching inside her as he released, a second before he found his voice again and a ragged, almost helpless moan shook him. She exhaustedly noticed that his climax seemed to take a lot longer than those of the guys she’d been with before, but then again… he had said that that toy he was using made him come a lot, hadn’t he?

Eventually, he slumped down to cover her with his body once more, his muscular arms now somewhat unsteady next to her own as he was battling against relaxation to hold himself up.

“There we are, Fey-dono. The deed is done. As I told you, the clients of the venue to which I have so far donated supposedly fall pregnant on the first attempt quite regularly if they receive one of my donations. Should you be fertile today, you will likely find yourself with child within the next few weeks.”

Maya nodded slightly, now a bit nervous again at the thought of a test turning out positive, of her body undergoing numerous changes to accommodate a growing fetus, of giving birth in nine months. It all seemed so much, considering that it could all result from half an hour of pleasure without countermeasures in place.

However, she wasn’t scared. It was a big responsibility, but child rearing tasks were shared among the Kurain women, and the baby would likely have a lot of playmates growing up – other than the haughty Morgan, she would not keep her child from having fun with kids born of “lesser” families. Channeling ability or not, the life that might be coming into being inside her right now would grow up loved and well-cared for.

“Thank you… you didn’t have to do this, after all…”

An amused huff as he pulled out of her and his weight left the mattress. Remaining in her position for now even though she was aware that, even if some of his release now trickled out of her, it would probably not make a difference, Maya turned her head to find him standing by the camera tripod to stop the recording.

“Among the two of us, it is I who should be thankful. This… is not an opportunity I thought would ever come along, particularly seeing that I am in a relationship. Furthermore… while I am still not particularly given to finding women sexually attractive, I have to admit to having found our encounter quite… stimulating.”

Maya giggled at that. “Same here, trust me.”

Blackquill snorted at her flippant answer, then looked over at her with a small smile. “In case our tête-à-tête just now did not produce the desired result, contact Miles again, and we can either arrange another such meeting, or a less hands-on donation, depending on what he is willing to bear with.”

He sounded the slightest bit guilty with the last few words, and she hoped for the two of them that Edgeworth wouldn’t somehow get jealous in hindsight. They had looked so good together, and considering that Nick’s friend had never seemed the type to be in a relationship at all…

Don’t get mad at him for this, Mr. Edgeworth, or think I’m trying to take him away from you. I’m not going to butt into your lives again if I can help it. If it turned out that Maya wasn’t pregnant, she’d be fine with a second donation arriving in the shape of a vial, although she certainly wouldn’t say no to another round of that, always speaking all parties were fine with it.

When she mutely nodded her understanding, Blackquill continued quietly as he gathered his clothes off the floor and placed them on a nearby chair, “I hope you do not find the stipulations of the contract from this point forward too onerous – obviously, you did not ask to renegotiate any of the terms, but I am aware that you did not have many options aside from my offer, and may have felt that you were forced into accepting them. Rest assured in the fact that anything you impart on us will remain confidential. In fact, I would find it gratifying if you saw sending the requested information as an exercise in shared anticipation.”

That got her to smile at him, even though his back was turned towards her. This is probably the weirdest post-one-night stand small talk ever. And yet… his attempt at comforting her in regard to those clauses only reinforced that going through with this had been a good decision.

You’re really a pretty nice guy, huh… too bad only a few people see past how scary you look. If he wasn’t both gay and taken, and she wasn’t part of a culture where an attachment to the guy who knocked you up usually ended badly…

Aloud, she returned flippantly, “I wasn’t bothered by them. If seeing me turn into a hippo with a gland problem makes you happy somehow, I suppose that’s a plus.”

Blackquill sent her an incredulous look over his shoulder… and then, he started laughing.