at Sam and offered him his weapon. “You gotta let me see how you put it on though.”

 

Laughing quietly, Sam took the gear and extended his right wing carefully under his arm. Slowly enough to see clearly what he was doing, Sam carefully tied up the leather around the base of his wing, not tight enough to hurt or discomfort him but enough to get the leather to stay in place. Even though it looked like it would, the sheath didn't trouble him. It was surprisingly easy to forget and was most of the time hidden by the rest of the big wing. Gabriel looked quite fascinated by the way Sam was not in the slightest troubled by the equipment. After the Archangel had asked him to show him a couple of movements, Sam was once again yawning deeply. When Gabriel looked up, his face eased in a small grin and he pushed Sam in the chest toward his bed.

 

“Go to sleep before you pass out Sasquatch, I don't want you killing yourself on my desk tomorrow morning, I quite value my hours of sleep.” He joked while conjuring some towels and closing his laptop.

 

“Yeah yeah..” Mumbled the Fallen as he was already falling in his bed's direction. Suddenly a thought made his way in his almost asleep brain, making him lift his head against the oh so soft pillow. “Why would I sell your porn?” He heard a low chuckle and as he was turning to look at Gabriel, something was suddenly in his range of view. The unidentified object was in fact a magazine, a porn magazine with.. with a lot of guy looking quite a lot like Gabriel doing various non catholic stuff. They were really looking like Gabe.. A gasp escaped Sam's lips when he understood what he was looking at. “Why would anyone buy this?” He yelled at the Archangel who was making his way to the bathroom.

 

“You'd be surprised kiddo!” Answered Gabriel in a voice filled with contained laughter.

 

Immediately after, the magazine disappeared and Sam instantly cursed his damn eternal memory, because knowing how his collocate, an all mighty Archangel, looked in various explicit positions wasn't something he wanted to remember for twenty seconds, even less until the day he died. As he let his head fall on his pillow, Sam chuckled a little to himself, thinking that after all, it wouldn't be so hard. It had been a really long and confusing day, but he was glad that for once, it ended in a good way.

There! First chapter of this monstrosity posted! If you have anything to say, questions, tips or something else to say, don't hesitate!

Here is a link to post on tumblr I made for anyone who wanted to know what the room looked like: http://zeraphinnaanobssessivefangirl.tumblr.com/post/161450836600/first-row-of-pictures-living-area-of-the-mixed

Thanks for reading!

A first day of class that goes well... I think it's my favorite mythical creature.

Okay so before you start reading, I'll explain a little about Sam's and Dean's age.In my story, humans have the same linear age you already know.Angels and Fallens looks 5 years younger than what they really are. At some point of their life, the aging process of their body slows down to a point where they keep the same appearance until their death. So like when they start to look like 35 years, their aging process graduately slows down.So for an example, in the start of the fanfic, Sam's body looks like a 18 years old but he is in fact 23 years old. So if Dean is 27 years old, he looks like a 22 years old. 

If you're all wondering why the hell are they all going at the academy at this age, it's because of their difference in longevity. If humans lives like 60 to 90 years, they go to the academy at 17-18 yo. But if Fallens and angels lives up to 500 years than they go much later. Let's say there are some angel that goes to the academy even if they are 30 or 40 yo, even if it's rare. So Sam and Dean are in the majority. 

Hope it helped!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Chapter two

 

Waking up for his first day of class wasn't something hard for Sam that day, since he had had a really bad night of sleep. Yes he had slept, but only if you consider endless shifting and moving restlessly, sleeping. And the little noise of his roommate typing on his computer didn't help. Conjuring earplugs didn't help too because it made him aware of how vulnerable he was without his hearing. In the end, Sam had gotten no more than five hours of sleep, so it wasn't a surprise that the Fallen had already been awake before his alarm got off. Getting up on his feet, Sam groaned softly at the pounding in his head. Even if