,” Conrad chuckles, looking deeply amused. He does seem a lot more relaxed now, sitting on the sand. I sit down beside him.

                “It’s nice to have a quiet trip for once, isn’t it?”

                “It takes getting used to, not having my sword beside me, but I suppose… I don’t dislike it.”

                “Why are you being so tsundere all of a sudden?” I smack his arm. “…But y’know, I feel kinda guilty, hogging the beach like this.”

                “The owner of this stretch considers it an honor that the maou would visit it personally—”

                “I know, I know.” He wouldn’t stop shaking my hand.

                “And besides, if the people were to see you, in the flesh, and showing off way too much flesh, there would be a stampede.”

                “That way, no one would get to enjoy their summer, huh.” I lie down on the sand. “I guess that comes with being the king.”

                What he doesn’t mention is, if I wanted to play together with the commoners like I do on Earth, then as my personal guard, it would be more like overtime than a vacation for Conrad.

                “Guess I’m still too greedy.” Abusing the rights of the maou to get this vacation and take Conrad with me, then wanting to enjoy myself like a normal person, ignoring the trouble I would be putting all my beloved vassals through— “But on second thoughts, it’s not too bad to have a holiday like this for ourselves.”

                It feels like… Well, I can’t figure out any other way to call it but a ‘family vacation’.

                A little further away, Greta is busy collecting seashells, dressed in her adorable one-piece. The truth is, she’s reaching the age where girls start to want to show off a bit more, but until she mentions it, I’m not going to suggest a thing.

                “Yuuri… If you don’t like it, you can just tell us. It’s your birthday, after all.”

                As I thought, I really am too greedy. “No, it’s okay. Like Murata said, that big celebration is as much about the people as it is about me.” I won’t be so mean as to deny my people a chance to celebrate.

                “But you’re not too happy about it.”

                “What? Why would you say so? Who wouldn’t be happy about having thousands, even millions of people celebrate their birthday?”

                “You, apparently. Now, if it’s not too much trouble, do you think you could tell me why?”

                “…Only if you tell me when your birthday is.”

                Conrad raises an eyebrow. “You’re still harping on that?”

                The way he says it turns my face red. “It’s not like I’m particularly curious or anything—” Ah, now I’m the one who’s acting tsundere. I lower my head. “When I think back on it, I was being a bit presumptuous, wasn’t I? Making my birthday your birthday and all that, I’m surprised you agreed with it.”

                Conrad raises his eyebrow, the white scar standing out against his skin. “Why would you think that?”

                “Well… you always said mazoku don’t celebrate birthdays, right? So I thought, why am I the only one celebrating mine?”

                “Yuuri, you’re the maou—”

                “Did Lady Cheri celebrate hers when she was maou?”

                “Of course not, because that would mean she was getting older.”

                That makes sense… But he’s leading me off topic again! I shake my head furiously. “If I want to be a proper maou, I must first blend in as a mazoku. That means no special treatment.” Before he can interrupt, I continue hotly, “But! As the maou, i-it’s only natural that the people would want to celebrate me.”

                Damn, I know it’s the truth, but it’s so embarrassing to say that myself! I sound like a spoiled pr—No, I mean, I sound like some rich kid with chuunibyo.

                “It’s just that—well, you know how the celebrations get. I rarely have time for myself, much less you guys.”

                It’s funny how I got jealous when my classmates had huge parties, and yet when I have a whole kingdom celebrating for me, all I want is a small banquet with the people who matter.

                “So is this vacation… a sort of birthday trip for yourself?”

                “It’s for you as well, you know. Isn’t your birthday somewhere in summer too? No, not just that, take this as a present for everyone. Since I don’t know anyone’s birthdays, I can’t give anyone presents, and it’s not fair if I’m always only receiving without giving.”

                Connrad chuckles. “That