into the auditorium, catching sight of Emma Swan smiling at Neal Cassidy: the sheriff’s daughter, openly dating the town’s youngest drug lord or whatever his official title was, as Gold’s hand-chosen assistant. What the hell kind of town was this where this kind of thing happened?

Not that Regina had much room to talk: after all, she was the mayor’s daughter, as well as an aspiring lawyer, and her boyfriend was steadily climbing the rungs of the same drug business Neal was. 

“And now, everyone, let’s give a warm welcome to Mayor Mills!” Sidney said into the microphone, clapping his hands along with the rest of the crowd as they broke into polite applause.

“Oh, for the love of  God,” Regina muttered as Cora sashayed out, graciously waving like she was the Queen of England. Reluctantly, she sunk into her seat, folding her arms across her chest as she steeled her nerves for the speech that was going to be the biggest crock of bullshit this town had ever seen. 

This “formula” Cora had wasn't going to solve any problems: it was only going to create more, Regina could just tell. If it even worked—which she highly doubted it did—it was going to end up being toxic or radioactive or poisonous. Whale might have been brilliant, but he was also incredibly stupid: because you just don’t mess around with life and death.

You just don’t.

 

 



Today…



 

“RUBY!” Emma screamed, and launched a heavy candle at the zombie; it snarled as it bounced off its head and staggered back. Ruby desperately scrabbled backward, her trembling hands searching for a weapon on the ground while Emma looked wildly around at the spilled shelves. Her eyes caught a glint of silver. 

“I’m coming!” She snatched up the scissors and leapt over the pile of rubbish. The zombie turned and hissed at her, showing a full array of rotten teeth, and swung a clawed hand at her. Emma ducked and swiftly came back up, forcefully driving the scissors into its skull. Blood spattered as the blades cracked through the bones and sank into the brain.The zombie choked and fell heavily to the ground with a sickening thud! 

“Are you okay?” she panted, holding out her bloody hand to Ruby. The other girl took it with shaking hands, allowing Emma to pull her to a stand. “Ruby, you all right?”

“No,” Ruby said shakily. She nervously swept her gaze around the store, looking out the window behind Emma at the bloody, zombie-ridden streets. “Dude, we have to get out of here.”

“I know,” Emma said. “Come on, I think I know somewhere safe.”

“Wh-were?” Ruby asked as Emma bent down to rummage for a broom handle or something to swing as a weapon.  

“The lodge,” Emma answered. “Neal gave me a key—”

“Whoa, whoa, whoa, back up—he gave you a key?” Ruby squealed. “Wow, you guys are getting serious!”

“I know!” Emma beamed, emerging with a mop. “I never thought it was going to last this long, but—”

“EMMA, LOOK OUT!” Ruby screamed, pointing behind her. Emma whirled around as another zombie lunged for her. She swung the handle, hoping to catch it upside the head, but it grabbed the handle and tugged; the handle tore free from her hands and she stumbled backward. 

Ruby grabbed a stapler and threw at the zombie, not fazing it for an instant. The mop fell with a clatter as he stepped toward them, gurgling. They threw as many things as they could get their hands on: candles, glue guns, whatever—it was a craft shop, for Christ’s sake, so unless zombies were intimidated by scrapbook supplies, there wasn't a lot on hand.

They were backed against the wall now, running out of things to uselessly toss at the zombie. Emma bit back a sob: she was never going to see Neal again, and things had been going so well…She had a key and everything.

“Ruby,” she whimpered as the zombie advanced toward them. “There’s something I want to tell you. In case we don’t make it.”

“I love you, too, Emma. You’re the sister I never had.”

“Thanks, me, too…but it’s not that.”

“What?” Ruby choked on her tears.

“I kissed Jason Downs in tenth grade, I’m sorry.”

Ruby whipped her head around, staring with wide eyes.“What?”

“Don’t worry, it wasn't anything special. But I’m still sorry.”

“He was my boyfriend!”

“I know. That’s why I’m sorry.”

Ruby opened her mouth to retort, but the zombie let out a growl and slashed down at them. The girls screamed, ducking as it swung again. This is it, Emma thought. I’m