wearing only white boxer shorts, and damn he looks good in those, perfectly in contrast with his tan skin. I lick my lips at the sight and reach out to touch his chest running my hands all over him.
"How can you be this hot, it has to be against some rule somewhere." He lets ou a breathy laugh and bends his knees slightly and circles his arms around my torso then brings me up to his level and kisses me again, harder this time. My hands quickly run up his neck to tangle shaky fingers in his hair.
When Marco puts me down again, my dick brushing against his too briefly to my liking. "You're pretty hot yourself, you know."He says and I push him gently towards the bed smirking at him and get down on my knees, business mode on. Palming him through his boxers I take my opportunity to just look at him, his eyes half lidded and lips barely parted to let out small almost silent sighs when I thumb the wet spot on his underwear. I nuzzle his cock as he starts grabbing the sheets for support. I can see him getting impatient and can't help wanting to tease him more.
I mouth and nip at his shaft slowly dragging my nails down his thighs causing him to bounce his leg. "Jean, babe, c'mon stop teasing me." He pleads, a slight layer of sweat forming on his skin.
"I'm sorry, babe." I offer, feeling not sorry at all and dip my fingers in his boxers taking his length in my hand. I squeeze his cock and give him a good pump. He lifts his hips briefly off the bed to take off his underwear exposing himself completely - Fuck, how I missed his dick - I lock my gaze with Marco's and leand down to flick my tongue over the head of his cock, I wrap my lips around him and suck hard for a moment before dipping halfway, then hollow my cheeks and suck back to the tip. The way he throws his head back and moans louder than any other time today sends shivers up my arms and blood down to my groin.
I set a slow pace of sucking and bobbing my head, closing my eyes in concentration, until his breaths start to get faster and the musk taste of precum hits my tongue making me almost dizzy for him.
With my lips still around him, I stick my tongue out and release his cocky gently letting it slide down my tongue and brush my chin. As I watch Marco shiver I straighten myself a little more and he leans his forehead against mine and looks me in the eyes, love and aurosal imprinted on his hessonite eyes.
"You taste good Marco." My voice is barely a whisper and I give up on taking to take his lips on mine. His large hands find my hips and pull me to his lap as we kiss. Marco twists his torso around and lays me down on his bed. He yanks my boxers down my legs and grabs my dick, grasping the base and dragging his hand madingly slow along my length making me arch my back and let ou an embarassingly high-pitched whine. Before I can recover entirely his lips are on me again, kissing down my chest.
He keeps stroking me perfectly as he bites on one nipple, the pain radiates through me deliciously and it's all I can do to shake for him. My hands cup his face and brings him up for yet another kiss. I touch his wrist to stop his strokes with one hand, the other reaching for the small bottle I know to be under one of his pillows. But just as I motion to spread some lube over my fingers, he grabs the bottle from me.
"Please, let me..." he pants.
"Okay." I answer and close my eyes waiting. The mattress shifts and I hear the cap of the bottle pop closed as Marco settles between my bent knees and then... nothing. I wait a little more and and as I start to worry, warm fingers touch my knee.
His voice is ragged and slightly breathless when he speaks. "Jean, babe, look at me." And I do.
I'm graced by the sight of his parted lips, heaving chest glistening with sweat, and the cutest of blushes as he reaches around his back and thrusts two fingers inside himself. Fuck.
My jaw goes completely slack, my mouths forms an "o" shape and my eyebrows shot up into my hairline in awe. I sit up and take his free hand in mine, twining our fingers together, my other hand brushing his sweaty hair away from his forhead. "Marco, why are you -"
He gives me a half smile and kisses our twined fingers. "Because today is special and I wanted to celebrate."
I'm not oposit to the idea of Marco bottoming, not in the slightest, but he never did it. I'm usually the one to do it, and when we talked about it he said he wasn't ready, so we decided to take it slow and just do it when we were both ready, so