pushed the other to Zayn's side. Zayn's eyes met with Liam's in a sense of asking, 'Really?' and Liam just nodded. 

Zayn picked up the split bar and nibbled a little on the sweet chocolate. Liam made a joke about how he looked like a baby mouse and Zayn laughed. Maybe Zayn could warm up to being friends with Liam. Maybe for a long time.

***

Its the second week of school for Zayn, and he still brings his pb & j's and Liam still makes fun of him for it. Zayn actually throws a piece of his sandwich at Liam. Liam picks up the piece of sandwich that had landed on his lunch box and stuffed it in his mouth. If Zayn had to admit, Liam looked a lot like a squirrel. The picture of a squirrel-Liam made Zayn giggle and Liam spoke with a mouth full. "What?" He said. Zayn only laughed more. He couldn't help but think Liam looked really cute. Liam swallowed the chewed up sandwich and refused to admit that peanut butter and jelly was delicious. Especially Zayn's peanut butter and jelly.

The two boys got up from their lunch table and walked back to their separate classrooms as the bell rang. As they approached Liam's class, Liam stopped Zayn. "Hey, you wanna come home with me today? My mum's making lasagna tonight and I've got a new spider-man comic we could read." Liam gave Zayn a small smile and Zayn returned it. "Yea, Yea. Lemme ask my teacher if I could give my mum a call, yea?" Liam smiled and nodded. Zayn turned to go to his classroom when Liam called for his name. 

"And Zayn?" "Yea, mate?" Liam paused for a bit. Then he ran up to Zayn and gave him a hug. Zayn was hesitant at first to hug back, but Liam hadn't let go yet so he slowly lifted his arm and embraced Liam. Liam pulled back and smiled. See you after school, Zayn." Zayn blushed. "See you." He said and turned to walk to his classroom. 

***

Zayn went home with Liam after school. Liam's mum was very happy to see Zayn, for some reason. She gave Zayn a hug and told him it was nice to finally meet him. Zayn blushed, which seems to be becoming a habit when he's around Liam. Liam pulled Zayn up the stairs to his room and Liam's mom told them dinner would be ready in thirty minutes.

When Zayn stepped inside Liam's room, his eyes nearly bugged out of his head. "Oh my gosh, Liam." Zayn whispered as he stared around the room. Posters plastered on every inch of the wall, action figures lined upon shelf upon shelf, comic book stacked almost as tall as Zayn. And a Batman duvet with matching sheets. Liam stood proud and tall as Zayn looked around in awe. "This is your room?! Are you sure this isn't Stan Lee's hide out, Liam?" Zayn said as his mouth hung open. "Actually, Zayn, Stan Lee wa associated with Marvel not Dc but-" "Whatever mate. Your room is sick!" Zayn ran up to the shelf of action figures. "Dude, this is the limited edition Wolverine figure! Where'd you get it?" Zayn carefully picked up the toy. "Mum gave it to me last year." Liam smiled.

Zayn put down the action figure and made his way to Liam's bed. "This is wicked, mate." Zayn laughed. "Thanks, I try." 

***

It was the day before Valentine's day at school and Zayn had asked his mum if he could get some art supplies to make Liam a card. Zayn's mum lifted an eyebrow at him. "What, mum?" Zayn said confused. "You wanna give Liam, a boy, a card?" Zayn's mum found it a bit funny, but rather cute. "Yea, so?" Zayn shrugged. "Alright, honey." She said and took Zayn up to the store to get his supplies.

Zayn had made Liam a pink card with a huge heart in the middle that said "Happy Valentine's day, Li" in it (with the help of his mum, of course.) And Zayn had sprinkled silver glitter all around the card. "Do you think he'll like it, mum?" Zayn asked with his eyes all big and wide with concern. "He'll love it, Zayn." "I think so, too." Zayn smiled.

Zayn also had his mum make two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches in the shape of hearts, because tomorrow was valentines day of course. Zayn's mum smiled and continued to shape the sandwiches.

***

Today was Valentine's day and all four of the second grade classes were coming together as one big class. Zayn was excited to give Liam his masterpiece of a card. Zayn walked into class and saw Liam sitting at his table alone, with his