fact that his boyfriend would probably scold him for bothering him while he was busy reading the new volume of Detective Samonji. Shinichi was such a dork sometimes, really. But Kaito loved it.

"Shin-chan..." he started with a soft voice, carefully closing the distance between the door and the couch, cups in hands. "Time for a snack-break."

"M'kay. One minute. Last page..."

Kaito's smile was now reaching his eyes. God, his nerdy boyfriend was really too adorable. He sighed happily, silently thanking Lady Luck or whoever was up there to have brought the detective in his life.

"Well, at least take your awful drink from me before it gets cold and... and... " he stopped in mid-track, staring with wide eyes at Shinichi. "Wha-What is THAT?" he almost screamed, panicked. 

Sensing the distress in his boyfriend's voice, Shinichi looked up from his book, turning himself towards Kaito.

"What is what?" he asked, confused and concerned. Kaito looked pale and horrified. "Are you alright?"

The detective became even more perplexed when he saw Kaito taking a few steps back, cups shaking with some of the beverages spilling on the magician's hands. That must burn..., he thought idly.

"Kaito, what's going on?" he asked again, this time getting up to reach for him.

"AAAH!! DON'T COME NEAR ME!"

"Wha-? Why?"

Shinichi was worried now. What happened for Kaito to behave like this? He sounded perfectly fine when he entered the library. It was only after he got close to him that Kaito started panicking. Did he see Shinichi do something weird? Did he have something on his face? But he didn't do anything all day besides reading in the library. Although he remembered getting up twice. One time to use the bathroom and the other one to change into something warmer because he was feeling cold, and... Wait a minute. Shinichi looked down at himself and realisation struck him right then. Oh boy... he thought, annoyed with himself. No wonder the magician thief was losing it.

"Kai, I'm so sorry. I didn't notice." he started, this time taking a step away from his boyfriend. He was such an idiot.

"J-Just... t-take it off..." was the whimper he received as an answer.

The detective nodded quickly, doing what was asked without a second thought. He pulled out the sleeves of his sweater, removing it in a hurry and tossing it by the library door. He was feeling cold with only a thin shirt on him, but he didn't care. Kaito was more important right now.

"Is it ok, now?" he asked softly, still feeling terribly guilty.

"Y-Yeah."

"Can I come closer and give you a hug?"

Kaito gave him a tiny smile, nodding his head in approval. His heart was still beating furiously in his chest and he couldn't help but glance every two seconds at the sweater lying on the floor a few meters away. When he felt Shinichi's hands on his shoulders, he jolted a little and spilled some more coffee and hot chocolate on his hands.

"I'm really sorry, Kai. I didn't really check when I went to get it." the detective said apologetically.

Shinichi then took the drinks from his boyfriend's hands and set them on the desk, reaching for a tissue at the same time in order to clean the thief's sullied fingers.

"I hope you didn't burn yourself with these." he said, slightly bothered.

"No. No, it's ok." Kaito answered, his voice almost back to normal. "And I'm ok..." he added, dropping his head on the detective's shoulder to initiate a hug he very much needed. "I'm sorry, too."

"Why are you the one sorry, here?"

"Because... this is stupid."

Shinichi let out a small sigh, wrapping his arms around Kaito's waist. He then pulled the magician closer to him, hugging him tightly while resting his chin in his boyfriend's messy hair.

"It's not stupid, Kai. It could happen to anyone, and I would never laugh at you for it."

"I know. But still..."

"Still nothing. You can't control it. And I should have just payed attention to what I was wearing in the first place." he continued, pulling a bit away from Kaito to give him a small peck on the lips. "Forgive me?"

Kaito shook his head, tightening his hold on the detective's shirt. How was he supposed to even be mad at someone so thoughtful and caring, he mused before leaning in to share a long kiss with Shinichi.

"There's nothing to forgive, Shin-chan."

"Well, how about we skip snack-break and head out for dinner instead?"

"Dinner at 5