with me I'm just horny." 

Zuko screamed internally and sat on a crate directly in front of Jet, "You're absolutely ridiculous." 

"What? I have a hard on and all you're doing is sitting there looking all... handsome." 

Zuko couldn't believe what his ears were hearing, he was really telling him this. Absolutely unbelievable. 

"And hot..." Jet moaned one last time. "Please," 

Zuko's cheeks reddened and his eyes bulged, Jet looked so weak and helpless. But his mouth just rested open and he stared at him with his eyes slightly ajar. 

"I can't believe you're--" 

Jet whined and pulled Zuko's crate closer to him with his feet. 

"I can't believe I'm--" Zuko slid off the crate and sat right in front of Jet. They were so close Zuko could hear his breathing pattern stumble. 

"Kiss me." Jet looked him right in the eyes. 

Zuko pulled his hand up and ran his finger along Jet's jaw, and pressed his nose next to Jet's. They exchanged breaths before Zuko closed his lips on top of Jet's. He brought his hands up and held Jet's face before swallowing his face whole. They proceeded to kiss, and Jet allowed his tongue to find it's way into Zuko's mouth. Zuko's hands reached up to pull at Jet's hair and Zuko pulled himself to sit on Jet's lap. 

"Fuck--" At first Zuko thought Jet said something but didn't seem to realize that the words came from his own mouth. Zuko rolled his hips onto Jet and groaned. He started to roll faster but didn't feel enough and he whined for Jet to touch him back but alas, Jet was tied up. 

"H-how," Jet breathed into Zuko's mouth. 

Zuko moaned as he fumbled for the ropes that bound Jet's hands together and yanked at them so they fell apart. He felt his whole body be pushed back on the floor and Jet's large figure appeared above him. They were both sweaty and their breathing accelerated. Jet lowered himself down so that their thighs touched and he began to grind against Zuko, who now felt powerless. 

"Shit--" Zuko went to reach in his pants but his hand was stopped by Jet's. Suddenly the same ropes that Zuko used to tie Jet up were around himself and he was stuck. "What?" 

Jet licked his lips to see Zuko sat in the same place he was. "Can't believe that worked." 

"Wait... WHAT??!" Zuko squirmed and yelled at Jet who was now standing above him. "You can't just leave me like this? Are you even gay?" 

"Of course I am." 

"How come you aren't even flustered?" 

"Listen gorgeous, I've met a lot of guys in my time but boy were you easy to fool." 

"You asshole!" 

Jet laughed and turned around to walk away. 

"Wait, please just... help me out?" 

"What's this? A straight guy asking me to help him out??" 

"Who said I was straight?" 

Now Jet was the one in shock, he spun around to lean forward to put his face before Zuko's. He kneeled so that their knees touched and kissed Zuko's lips once more.  

"Maybe we'll meet again sweetheart." Jet winked at him and left Zuko alone in the basement.

I am so bad at finishing my stories but here's a rough continuation

"Li."

"Li... Zuko, wake up."

"Hmm?" Zuko mumbled.

"Zuko. Wake up." Uncle Iroh's voice was suddenly very loud.

"Gahh," Zuko jolted awake, attempting to get up before realizing his arms were still tied.

"What are you even doing down here? I looked everywhere for you. Why are you tied up?"

"Long story. You really don't wanna know. What time is it?" 

"Seven."

"What? It took you this long to find me?"

"Yes. Well no. I looked for you last night but I was tired so I went to sleep. Then I woke up and continued looking."

"I figured. Okay untie me."

"Can't you just bend and burn them off?"

"Oh..."

Wow. What an idiot. Perhaps his mind was too focused on something else. To be honest, Zuko still couldn't believe what happened last night was real. Then again, there he sat, tied up against a pole. The facts don't lie.

Oh god. Jet's probably still on the ship, Zuko thinks to himself. Well of course he's still on the ship where would he even go. Zuko can't go up there. What if he sees Jet? What's he gonna do or...or say? Zuko's cheeks turn red just thinking about it.

"I'm gonna head up since you seem to be focused in thought