’s cold but his smile warms your heart. 



 His jokes and pranks gives life to your sense of humor. 



 5000000G!?!? 



 Oh it was just a prank. 



 You laugh harder than you have in a while. 



 Oh, he has a cute laugh too. 



 But you feel you need to continue. 


 

The bones stop their assault.

 

It’s your turn.

 

You Know he’s going to dodge, but it doesn't stop the shock that jolts your body when you press FIGHT.

 

He dodges of course and sends another assault after you. This time Blasters.

 

You notice there’s something different in his demeanor, he’s quiet, he feels sad, a different sad than before, like he’s reaching out.

 

Your noticing comes at a cost, you fail to dodge another attack, and take the brunt of the blaster’s attack leaving you severely burned.

 

Your health is getting dangerously low, but you press on.

 

Before you can press FIGHT again, another memory invades your conscious. The FIGHT Button now reads MERCY.

 


 You look up at who you just spared 



 Oh, it’s his brother 



 He’s smiling 



 He begins excitedly about a date of some sorts. 



 But you must move on 



 You must stay DETERMINED 



 But….. 



 It could be fun….. 


 

You smile at the recollection,you remember you had a great time, but then immediately frown feeling a strong weight of sorrow fall on you.

 


 You. Cut. Him. Down. 


 

You Attack as it fades leaving that cold shock of your sins crawling up your back.

 

He dodges, again.

 

You feel reassured at his capacity to dodge.

 

You still notice he’s been more silent than usual. The air around him still feels empty and somber, and you feel the need to reach out to him yourself.

 

An Attack from the back and the front, you avoid it with grace.

 

Suddenly he raises his hand, and you get sent into the ceiling.

 

Upon impact your vision goes black, upon returning you are not greeted by the hall, but a bar.

 


 His favorite restaurant 



 He was taking you there for his lunch break. 



 You notice even though he keeps a smile, 



 He looks burdened by something…. 



 No 



 Someone…..



. . .



 A Fart Sound? 



 No 



 A whoopie cushion 



 You Flushed. 



 Oh…...He’s laughing. 



 He has such a beautiful laugh. 


 

A single tear rolls down your cheek.

 

How you longed to hear his laugh again.

 

You stand from your place on the floor

 

You definitely have broken ribs, you feel them crunching internally.

 

You hear his voice finally as you stand.

 

“hey kid, why are you crying? don’t you enjoy this? don’t you love to kill?” he said aloud as if nothing he said struck a blow to you.

 

You felt hurt, you knew it, you knew all along.

 

This world had consequences too.

 

You had to make this right,

 


 You were DETERMINED to do so. 


 

“No” You said defiantly and in tears gasping in a sob, clutching your wounds.

 

“what do you mean no? you’ve only killed everyone i’ve ever cared about.” he sounded like he was on the verge of tears.

 

Another scene flashed into your vision.

 


 A-a restaurant? 



 This isn’t Grillby’s 



 It’s a lot fancier. 



 Oh it’s him. 



 That’s right this is your first “date”. 



 You Notice how tired he looks up close. 



 Is he still troubled by that person? 



 “hey” 



 Oh was he saying something? 



 You go to apologize but he stops you 



 He begins a story and by the end of it you were chilled. 



 He was staring at you with empty eye sockets. 



 Had he just threatened you? 



 No…. 



 It must be a prank 



 He’s laughing again. 



 You can’t help but laugh along with him, but you still feel unsettled. 



 Did he even like you? 


 

He did,

 

He even loved you.

 

You remember now.

 

He loved you, and you him.

 

You look up and see his face in the light now.

He was in tears.

 

“but that’s not true isn’t it?!” he growled tears still rolling down his cheekbones.

 

You gasp and cover your mouth at the realization

 

“you remember now don't you? you know that once upon a timeline i loved you.” he wiped his eyes.

 

You fall to your knees

 

“but even after you reset, even after you slowly slaughtered my friends, even after you killed my brother. i can't help but see the one i fell in love with.” he cried.

 

“S-sans.” you breathed

 

You became a monster and he still loved you

 

You destroyed his everything and he still wanted to be with you.

 

You didn't deserve him.

 

You had to make this right,

 

You needed to make him happy again.

 

“S-sans I can fix this.” You gasped reaching for your Save.

 

Suddenly a bone struck through your reset button.

 

“no” he sighed

 

“you started this, you need to end it and face your consequences