seemed vaguely aware of where she was. Probably had already forgotten the whole foot incident. How in hell's name she had supported them for sixteen years she didn't know, but prostitution was likely to be a part of it.

She poked her again with her knee."Hey, ma. Call the school. I'm sick."

Her mother picked herself up a little. "Isn't it still Saturday?" The words came out garbled together. Her hair fell forwards in front of her eyes and bits caught in her mouth. Ymir didn't have time for any kind of response besides a roll of the eyes before she had to sprint to the bathroom again.

The smell of coffee downstairs wasn't helping her already tender stomach, but she went down anyways. Their kitchen was a mess, bits of cereal and crumbs were everywhere. There was different boxes of somewhat edible stuff strewn across the table, and Levi was sitting at the centre of the havoc eating a bowl of Fruit Loops.

"Where's your girlfriend?"

"I told you," he deadpanned, "her name is Mikasa. And she went to get some paper towels," he added, gesturing towards a large coffee spill.

She raised an eyebrow. "Did you tell her we don't own any and that we normally use toilet paper for any kind of spills?"

"Maybe." Levi looked away.

"I just need a bucket, ok? I don't wanna hurl all over my schoolwork."

To which Levi snorted, causing milk to come out of his nose. "Right, says the solid 70s student. Last I remember, your best mark was in English, and it was 84." He mopped at his nose with the corner of his sleeve.

"87. At least I try, instead of only dragging through high school so I can join the military." Her brother scoffed, before returning his attention to his food.

She reached under the sink and pulled out a large bucket. It was hot pink, and badly dented, but there were no holes she could see. She clanked up the stairs and back to her room, where the alarm was still beeping. Slamming the off button, she set a second alarm for noon so she could fix her bike chain, flopped down onto the bed, and drifted off to sleep amidst a swarm of angry thoughts.

*     *     *

Someone was pounding at the front door. She groaned and looked over at the digital clock next to her bed. It was well after five. She had only gone back to bed at about four. Had been too tired to even get changed. She was in the same pyjamas she'd woken up in, (that had gotten some weird looks from people in the bike shop, but not as many as the bucket had,) and her head throbbed angrily. Flecks of dried puke were still stuck to the corners of her mouth, but she didn't really care.

She pulled herself out of bed and walked to the door at the end of the hall. Pulling it open, she peeked around the door, expecting either an already drunken Levi, or some kind of advertising thing.

Instead, she got Krista Reiss.

"Krista?" she said, her eyes widening, then narrowing again. "How the hell did you know where I live?"

"I asked Jean." She answered nonchalantly, as though it was perfectly normal to show up at someone's house without notice. "I know I barely know you, but I guess I wanted to make sure you were alright."

"Well," Ymir began, gesturing to the bucket, "as you can see, I'm pretty fucking sick, and it might be best to keep your distance."

Krista laughed. "Please. My immune system is fantastic. I haven't been sick in years and I don't intend to be anytime soon."

"Oh." Ymir wasn't sure what to do. "Uh, I mean, it's chilly, right, and, uh, you wanna come in?"

"Sure, although it's practically spring." She giggled, then stopped abruptly when the door was fully open.

"What happened to your face?" she asked, then blushed furiously, "I mean, like, the--"

"Yeah, I know." Ymir grinned at her embarrassment, then gestured to the line of angry red welts. "Remember how my bike chain snapped?"

"Uh, no?"

"Right, sorry, forgot you weren't there. I fixed it earlier, kind of, and I was pulling off the old chain--"

"Wait, you were fixing it when you're sick like this?" She stopped pulling off her shoes a moment to stare at her.

"Yes, now shut up and listen," she said, clearly irritated. "It was kind of rusted to the gears, and when I pulled at it, it didn't come initially come, so I pulled again, except this time much harder, and it smacked me in the face."

Krista's eyes widened,