out... out of the castle out". He frowned when Keith nodded "Keith, you don't need to leave, you're still the red Paladin".

   Keith shook his head "no I'm not, ok maybe you are ok with... me, but Shiro? Allura? I won't ask them to accept this".

   Lance folded his arms "fine you don't have to, because you don't need to, Shiro is more concerned than anything else, and yes Allura is a bit shocked but all of us are, we just need to figure it out".

   Keith suddenly stood "do even get this Lance, do you actually understand what's going on, what I am" he snarled.

   The blue Paladin held his ground "yes Keith I do, in fact I know better than you do what you are, and more importantly I know who you are".

   Keith hesitated, aggression fading to worry "... what do you mean you know what I am better than me".

   Lance made his voice go more gentle "Allura and Coran did a scan while you were in the pod, to... to figure out exactly what you are". Keith didn't speak, just nodded slowly in a 'ok, and' gesture. Lance shrugged "you're forty-three percent Galra and Human the rest of the way, if I remember correctly".

   Keith stared at him in shock, voice a whisper "f-forty... forty-three". He sat down heavily, eyes dropping to the ground "... how could you guys bring me back, I'm a danger to every single one of you".

   Lance raised an eyebrow "really, cause the last time I saw you purple all over you were saving our asses, I don't think that was very dangerous to us".

   "I BLEW UP THE ROOM" Keith screamed at him, standing again.

   "You almost killed yourself doing it too" Lance said calmly "but we're all out and in one piece now, you did good".

   Keith shook his head "how do you not understand how dangerous I am".

   Lance's eyebrows went up again "do you think I haven't thought it over". Keith went silent so Lance continued "yeah, I asked myself all those questions... I wondered if we might have to post a constant guard, or maybe put you in cryofreeze" he shrugged "I also wondered if everything would be exactly the same, maybe you wouldn't even remember, maybe you would just constantly be flashing between peach and purple like a strobe light". Keith didn't seem to appreciate the comparison but Lance ignored it "and you know what, you're not different, yeah you're part purple ears but whatever, you still act like Keith and you're still the red Paladin... Voltron needs you".

   Keith looked like he wanted to argue, to get his point across, and he looked like he was going to. Then he slumped and sighed, sweeping a loose lock of hair behind his ear "will you show the note cards cause I know you didn't just pull that out of your ass".

   Lance grinned "I might have been practising it in my head".

Lance tries to get Keith outside, Keith is an angry little pushover when Lance presses the right buttons.

"No" Keith said sternly. He was sat in the Pilot's chair again, arms crossed and frowning at Lance.

   Lance was gesturing at the exit "yes Keith, you can't stay in here, what about food or training". They had been arguing for the past few minutes, getting back to their usual heated tones as Lance tried to convince Keith to get out of the god damned lion, as he put it.

   Keith was, as usual, being very stubborn "I will figure it out ok, alone, so leave".

   Lance threw his hands up "what happened to you accepting that you are a normal-ish person, the weirdest thing about you is your mullet".

   Keith looked mildly offended "I'm still accepting and I'm not going to parade in front of them right after they found out, and my mullet is perfect Mr. two-hundred dollar shades".

   Lance pouted at him "that was one time and the garrison wouldn't even let me wear them so stop looking at the past, accept faster man you're not internet explorer, and I wasn't saying parade yourself just get out go to your room or something, I don't know but you can't hide in here forever".

   Keith rolled his eyes "I think it might surprise you, but then again everything does because you are internet explorer".

   Lance pouted more, actually sticking out his lower lip "A, that was the rudest shit you have ever said to me, B, quit trying to change the subject and start a fight because I'm dragging your ass out of here one way or the other, you decide".

   Keith raised an eyebrow "I would love to see you try McClain".

   Lance shrugged "ok". He went