pace. Letting his fingers wrap around Pan's length he hummed in approval to how hard the little demon was. Pan groaned and his hips bucked on instinct. Sweet relief, the touch remained on him. he was expecting the captain to pull away his hand. But the man didn't. He held on to pan's erection and Pan started bucking his hips. Wanting more friction. Wanting to be touched more. He needed the torture and the pleasure both. And hook was giving that to him.

"Fuck.. Killian.."

Pan's voice sounded raw with frustration and pleasure. a bittersweet combination that Hook just loved. And the way the little demon called his name. Sweet as honey, sour as lemons. such a strange but addicting combination. 

"Beg for it love"

Was his answer. He wanted to hear those filthy words spill from Pan's mouth. To hear them with that familiar voice. To see the pure need and lust in those demon eyes. and Pan did not disappoint him.

"please.."

"Please what love?"

"Ho-.. Hook!! Fucking please touch me more! Suck me or fuck me or do whatever! just fucking do something!"

Well if for one thing, Hook didn't expect such an outburst from the little devil so soon. But it seemed that Pan had his fill of the teasing. And the greedy bastard wanted more of what Killian had to offer. Too bad it was his turn to being toyed with, getting what he wanted would not be so easy for Pan this time around.

"Well this is pleasantly unexpected.. now I don't know if I should punish you for yelling or reward you for begging to me."

The Captain teased him with it. Pan tossed him a dark look. One that said that he really should do something before the boy would lose his patience for real and turn the game around. Killian rolled his eyes and sighed.

"ever so impatient. Still trying to boss me around."

He let his fingers slide tot he boy's entrance. feeling a stroke of pride inside when he felt his own seed from the previous round dripping along pan's thighs. He rubbed over the sensitive puckered ring that seemed to clench and unclench so desperately as if it was begging for him to push inside. Pan groaned. Clearly dissatisfied with the fact that Hook just wouldn't give him what he begged for. But the Captain decided he would do everything on his own terms. He retracted his hand and continued stroking the boy. Letting the cold metal of his hook slip between pan's ass cheeks to rub the cold metal over his sensitive flesh.

"Ah Fuck.."

Pan cursed and moved his hips. Grinding on the metal like a little whore. It pleased Killian to see him so shamelessly trying to pleasure himself. It was good enough to reward with something more. He leaned in and stuck out his tongue. Letting the tip lick experimentally over the leaking head of Pan's erection. It made the boy shudder and moan louder.

"a-ahh.. Fuck!"

Now that he got a taste of it Hook only wanted more. Suddenly he was growing very hungry. He let his tongue greedily slide over Pan's length from base to tip and back. Tracing the thick vein on the underside, making the boy hiss in pleasure. Hook heard it and it made him want to pull more of those reactions from Pan. He dragged his tongue up to the tip again and teased the little demon by pushing the tip of his tongue in the slit of the boy's member. lapping away the pre-cum that had started to leak from the tip. Pan shuddered and moaned in response.

Oh the sweet taste of true power. Hook was drunk with it. Being able to do what he wanted, when he wanted, however the fuck he wanted. He had control over Pan and he was able to pull these sinful sounds from the little devil spawn. Even in his position currently, which could be considered as a submissive one, were it not that Pan was tied up while receiving, He still controlled the situation. Peter desperately tried to buck his hips harder but Hook wouldn't let him. He stilled the smaller's hips commanding the vine that had been helping him on pan's body to slip around Pan's head as a blindfold. Everything was more intense if one of your senses was cut off. Hook knew it and he would use this against the boy.

"ahh no! Killian.. mmh.."

Pan wanted to protest but he knew he wouldn't get very far with it. Hook seemed deaf to his pleas at this moment. Besides he had to admit that he taunted the pirate way too often so it was understandable that Hook wouldn't listen to him now. The pirate dragged his hook away from the boy's entrance to replace it with his hand. Leaving Pan to gasp and arch his back. Hook dragged his tongue faster up the boy's length and Then wrapped his lips around the tip. Sucking it in. While at the back a