and the seriousness of it. Sasuke would just sigh and turn away, looking at something else and not listening to him.

Sighing he shut the book he was reading and stood, picking up his jacket and scarf, wrapping tightly to prevent the cold wind from meeting his warm skin. Hands in his pockets he walked down the street, not paying mind to where his feet were taking him. He needed time to think and he was tired of being cooped up in his apartment. Fresh air always seemed to put his mind at ease. People looked out of their windows as he passed. It was so rare to see him walking the streets that people often whispered as he passed, like he couldn't hear what they were saying. His hearing had improved since he was a genin. Now he was a jounin and he was quickly rising in skill and strength thanks to the one person he kept contact with.

Kakashi looked up from his reading. It was snowing again, the snowflakes hitting the window softly as he got up to look out his window. He could imagine Naruto out there tossing snowballs with Konohanmaru and company. A smile graced his masked face and he sighed softly, remembering the days when Naruto was like Konohanmaru, young, na*ve, and energetic to boot. A shadow came into view of the snow-covered street and Kakashi grinned as he realized who it was before he even saw the figure himself. Opening the window, he leaned out and grinned.

"Out for a walk in the snow?"

Startled out of his thinking, Sasuke looked up to realize that his feet had taken him to Kakashi's place.

"Come on up, it's cold out there and if you keep walking in it you'll catch your death."

Turning towards the stairs to the upper part of the apartment, Sasuke headed up and stood outside the door to Kakashi's apartment. The door opened and Kakashi stood aside, allowing Sasuke to enter. Taking his shoes, coat and scarf off, Sasuke headed towards the couch and Kakashi wasn't far behind, steaming mug of tea in hand.

"Here you are.""Thanks.""You look like there's something on your mind. You want to talk about it?"

Sasuke stared into his tea. What was he thinking? What was going on? He shook his head. He didn't know what he was thinking. Everything was a mess right now. A warm hand caught his chin and turned him to face Kakashi, surprise reading on the younger man's face.

"Talk to me Sasuke. It's not good to keep thoughts and feelings bottled up."

All Sasuke could do was stare. The look in Kakashi's eyes held warmth and understanding. It was then that Sasuke realized why Kakashi hadn't shunned him after his fight with Naruto, or after he crushed Sakura. He knew what it was like to seek revenge, and to let it suffocate you to the point of not seeing life clearly anymore. He understood what it meant to be alone, truly alone. He knew how Sasuke truly felt and wanted to help him anyway that he could, to help him further himself, even if it cost Kakashi his rank in Konoha, he was going to help Sasuke through everything. This was what had been missing from his life, this feeling of companionship and understanding from someone who knew what it was like to lie awake at night wondering why you were here. Kakashi leant closer and Sasuke could feel warm breath on his cheek.

"Let me show you how much I care Sasuke. Let me prove to you that you're not alone."

Kakashi tugged his mask down and warm lips met hesitant ones. A warm tongue teased red lips, slowly parting them and meeting a hesitant tongue in response. Hands found their way into Sasuke's hair, gripping lightly as the kiss deepened as Sasuke responded to Kakashi. He had no idea what was going on but was slowly giving into Kakashi's warm hands. Sasuke's hands found their way slowly to Kakashi's chest, fisting the material of his shirt. Larger hands roamed from Sasuke's hair and tugged the edge of Sasuke's shirt up, slowly exposing skin before taking the shirt off completely. Warm lips met rosy nipples and Sasuke gasped at the new sensation. Slow circles were draw with a wet tongue before Kakashi teased Sasuke further with nips of his teeth. Sasuke moaned softly and bucked under the ministrations of Kakashi.

Grinning Kakashi stripped his shirt off and slowly unbuttoned Sasuke's pants, pulling them down slowly to produce a hard Sasuke constrained by his boxers. Feeling himself get hard Kakashi also stripped his pants so that both men were left with nothing but their boxers between them. Kakashi went back to trailing his tongue along Sasuke's ivory colored skin, which was starting to go rosy with heat and pleasure. Heat coursed through Sasuke and he panted harder, moving his hips to rub against Kakashi's, moaning louder as the contact sent more electricity through his body. He heard Kakashi's moan over his panting and a warm hand slipped into his boxers,