day Sherlock gave John an awkward, “I don't normally do that,” speech. John said that was fine, he valued their friendship too much to mess it up with sex. Even if the sex was mind blowing. And things went back to normal. Except for when, a few weeks later, another near-death encounter ended in a hard fuck across the kitchen table. Next day, back to best friends forever.

It wasn't a bad arrangement. Sure, John wasn't getting laid unless he'd been recently put in mortal danger, but it could've been worse. He could've been not getting laid at all.

“What exactly are you suggesting?” Sherlock said, eying him warily. 

“Well, it's just a thought, but scientifically speaking, orgasms have been known to help with menstrual cramps.”

Sherlock laughed, though it was a pained, cranky laugh.

“Even if you could manage to distract my mind long enough for me to become aroused, which would be an impressive feat, you must believe me when I tell you, you do not want to be anywhere near my nether regions right now.”

“I've had period sex before,” John said, a little sheepishly.

“John, this is no ordinary menstruation. We are not speaking of gladiatorial matches or beheadings. Fucking Stalingrad has opened up in my uterus. The Soviets are slaughtering the Germans. There are heavy civilian casualties.”

“Ok, so, I'm not even going to try to come up with a way to fit my cock into that metaphor. I'm just saying, I don't mind the blood, even a lot of blood. I've performed amputations and surgeries. It doesn't gross me out. And I think it might actually help.”

Sherlock was looking at him skeptically. 

“And I'm not just trying to get a leg over,” John added. “I really think this could help you.”

Sherlock sighed. “Fine. But if I get bored, you have to stop.”

“Of course.”

“We're going to need all the towels.”

John stood to fetch them.

“Wait. You think what I meant when I said all the towels was several towels. You actually must get all the towels we have.”

John just smiled and nodded. 

While he ran to the wardrobe in his room to collect all of his towels, he heard Sherlock get up and go to the bathroom. Then she shouted up to him.

“I just took out my fucking tampon. You have two minutes to get down here and start fucking me or I will start to fucking gush everywhere and I'll make you fucking clean it up.”

The hormones really ruined her vocabulary.

John ran back down the stairs, arms full of towels. He lay them carefully out on Sherlock's bed, layering as much as possible. Then he stripped off his clothes as fast as he could. Sherlock came back in and flopped onto the towel covering with an unenthusiastic grunt. She shrugged off her shirt and then removed her knickers with a wiggle. 

“C'mon then. Let's get this over with. Condoms in the table there.” She gestured to beside the bed.

John paused to look at her body. It was long and lithe, with brilliant curves around her hips and small breasts. Her skin was pale and flawless, almost glowing. John wanted to run his fingers over her, trace her veins over the ridges and dips of her body, nestle his nose in the dark thatch of hair between her legs. But if their past encounters were anything to go by, Sherlock thought little of the gentle, slow approach.

John stroked himself a bit, finding a full erection an easy task in Sherlock's naked presence. He grabbed a condom from the bedside table, pushing away the pang of jealousy that she might have these to use with someone else. 

He crawled over her, settling his body along hers, nuzzling her neck slightly. Then he went in for a kiss, soft at first, then open mouthed and passionate, sucking her, tasting her, needing her. She responded a bit, but after not long enough, pulled back.

“You going to get on with it?” she said.

“Right. Yes.” John sat back on his heels and grabbed her legs. He hitched them up so her calves were on his shoulders and lined up his cock with her entrance. She was right. There was already blood on the outer lips, a little smeared on her thigh.

An impatient sigh from Sherlock was all John needed to hear. He plunged into her as hard as he could and let out a deep moan. She was so slick, so wet, so hot and tight. He couldn't believe the sensation. A quick glance at her face told him he was enjoying this considerably more than she was. He resolved to remedy the problem.

Gripping her thighs for leverage, John began to thrust. With any other woman he would start slow, build up until they were writhing,