go put it back on the tree." 

"Put pwetty on twee?" Lian asks. She looks down at the ornament in her hand before hesitantly placing it into Kaldur's outstretched hands. 

"Yes," is Kaldur's response before he scoops her up into his arms and carries her back into the living room.

Roy remains in the kitchen, because this Christmas is going to be as good as it deserves to be. This is the first Christmas that he's had Kaldur back and he is not going to waste that. 

He's also not going to burn the rolls. 

He's in the middle of buttering the rolls in question when Kaldur comes back into the kitchen. 

"She put the ornament back on the tree by herself," Kaldur tells him, and he has only known Lian for a few months, but there is warmth and affection there that even Roy himself could not match. It makes him want to call up all the soon to be invaders and warn them to stay the fuck away, because Lian already has all the family she needs right here. 

(Except for her mother, but for Roy's sanity, he is not going to think about what kind of mission Jade is on right now.) 

"She's a smart kid. Takes after her mother," Roy answers. "Check on the salmon and see if it's done, please?" 

Kaldur slips on the gaudy bright red pot holders that Artemis had given Roy as a moving in present, and opens the oven door. Roy dumps the rolls into the bread basket and steps off to the side so that Kaldur has more room to access to the oven. 

"It has been some time since I celebrated this holiday, but I do believe that it is traditional to serve fowl instead of fish," Kaldur remarks. "I assume this is a symbolic gesture?" 

"If Ollie wants a turkey so damn bad he can buy his own," Roy says, far more peevishly than he intended.

Kaldur notices. Of course he does. 

"It's understandable that Oliver and Wally still have difficulty accepting the terms of my mission to infiltrate the Light." Kaldur is slicing the salmon now, in calm, silent strokes.

Roy slams plastic cups hard enough onto the counter that the bottom one cracks. Lian is in the next room, with a person who has had a far shittier year than Roy has, so his words are no louder than an angry whisper. "Bullshit, Kaldur. You did what you had to do; Artemis was fine. The only person who got hurt was you - " 

"And M'gann," Kaldur says, insistently and quietly enough that even Roy won't argue that point. 

He wants to, though, because that's Kaldur's leader voice, and it sounds so exactly perfect that how could any of them have been so fucking stupid as to have believed that this man would ever turn on them? 

How could Roy have thought that? For even a moment? 

"And if they want to bitch, then maybe they should have volunteered themselves. Or done something otherwise to be remotely useful against The Light." 

Kaldur is too nice to point out that Roy is talking about himself as much as anyone else. Instead, he arranges the salmon onto a serving tray and says, "Wally still harbors a grudge over being separated from his loved one. Oliver is upset at having not been made aware of the truth of the mission. These are understandable reasons to hold a grudge." 

"Jade had similar reasons and she got over them." Which is why their daughter is playing in the living room with a former junkie version of Roy right now, while the man who had been accused of killing Lian's aunt is calmly mashing the potatoes. 

"Yet you have not." 

"What are talking about? I don't hold anything against you that happened." 

"No, but you do continue to hold Dick responsible." 

"It's his fault!" 

It was Dick's fault for putting Kaldur in that position, his fault for not telling Roy, his fault for not telling anyone on the team, his fault for what M'gann had done with only good intentions ...

It was his  fault for not breaking down until the night he'd called Roy to tell him that Kaldur's mind was broken. 

"No. I was still leader when the call was made. If you're going to blame anyone, then Oliver and Wally are correct in believing that the blame should lie with me."  

"Fine. So I'm angry at Dick. Is that so irrational? If you can understand why Ollie and Wally are pissed, why can't you understand why I am?" 

"I do understand, Roy. I just don't think it's fair to hold your family to a higher standard than you are holding yourself," Kaldur answered.  

"Look, I know you want us all to get along - " 

"I do. Because I went without my family for a long time. I would like to begin the process of reclaiming them." It would