want to go on a date?”

               “Yes,” Chanyeol repeated. Kyungsoo could hear when he took a hesitant step back. “It’s okay if you don’t want to, we can still just go out to celebrate or-”

               “No, I want to,” Kyungsoo nodded. He was surprised how even his voice came out with how much he wanted to throw up because Chanyeol just asked him out on a date holy shit.

               “So we can go out for dinner?” Chanyeol squeaked. Kyungsoo laughed and nodded.

               “Yes.”

 

               Going out with Kyungsoo was a lot like being Kyungsoo’s best friend. Their first little dinner date was slightly stilted and awkward until they both broke down laughing at how stupid they were being. After that, it went back to being pretty normal, but now when Kyungsoo didn’t feel like using his cane he would hold Chanyeol’s hand rather than the crook of his elbow, and Kyungsoo began learning sign language. “I should learn how to communicate with my boyfriend in a way that’s easier for him,” he has stated simply when Chanyeol asked him what he was doing when he did a butchered sign of ‘let’s eat’ one day at lunch.

               Also what was different was that Chanyeol couldn’t stop announcing that Kyungsoo was his boyfriend. “I’m picking up some flowers for Kyungsoo – my boyfriend,” he would tell the lady at the flower stand. “I’m going over my boyfriend, Kyungsoo’s, house,” he would announce to his sister and mom even though they very well knew who Kyungsoo was. “I’m buying this sandwich for my boyfriend,” he giddily told the boy at the cash register who kind of looked like he wanted to die. He just couldn’t get the word ‘boyfriend’ out of his vocabulary.

               The first time he kissed Kyungsoo was arguably in his top three favorite days of his life – and he was pretty sure not many things would bump it out of the list. It was a little awkward, but also surprisingly not.

               “I’ve never kissed anyone before,” Kyungsoo has said suddenly one day while they were watching a movie – Chanyeol describing to his boyfriend that the main protagonists had finally kissed. “What’s it like?”

               “Kinda weird,” Chanyeol hummed, thinking back on the one person he had ever kissed which was a girl in his middle school who felt sorry for him at a dance. “Really wet.”

              “Wet?” Kyungsoo raised an eyebrow at him and Chanyeol grinned to himself at the expression. “I think you were doing it wrong.”

               “Probably, I was like, twelve.” Kyungsoo laughed at that.

               Rather than it being awkward because of prepubescent hormones and being confused over why he was kissing a girl when he definitely liked boys, this kiss was awkward because Kyungsoo jumped about a foot in the air when Chanyeol first leaned in. “You need to give me some warning,” the boy whined, his sightless eyes glaring at Chanyeol as they flitted over his face.

               “Sorry,” Chanyeol mumbled before cupping the brunette’s face and leaning in, letting their noses touch first before slotting their lips together.

               Kyungsoo’s lips were exactly how Chanyeol always imagine they would be when he would stare at his boyfriend’s mouth as they chatted. He felt a little bad that the other couldn’t see his intense, slightly creepy stares, but it let him learn every little detail of the other’s face. He always figured the smaller’s lips would be plump, soft, if not a little chapped from how much he would chew on his bottom one, and taste as good as Kyungsoo’s hair always smelled. And Chanyeol was completely right – though, they tasted sweet like the candy they had been snacking on rather than the same fruity smell he was thinking of. But they were just as firm yet soft as he wanted them to be, and it made Chanyeol let out a sigh of contentment before pressing forward more, tilting his head to the side to be able to feel as much of his boyfriend as he could. He could feel Kyungsoo’s sharp intake of breath, his hand suddenly coming up to squeeze tightly at Chanyeol’s bicep. When he pulled back he smiled at Kyungsoo’s eyelids at half-mast and the pleased smile on his kiss swollen lips. “I think you’ve gotten better since you were twelve.” Chanyeol howled a laugh.

               After that first kiss, the two couldn’t seem to keep their hands off each other. Kyungsoo was constantly reaching up on his tiptoes to place a sometimes-well-aimed peck to Chanyeol’s lips or cheek, and Chanyeol couldn’t wait to pull Kyungsoo close and kiss him breathless anytime they were alone.

               “Can you two get a room?” Chanyeol’s sister rolled her eyes from the kitchen, looking at the two boys who were tangled up in each other on the couch.

               “You’re just jealous you haven’t found a boy who will date you!” Chanyeol called after her, getting an annoyed glare over her