t. He’s already terrified. Give him some time. He’s here now, he’s safe.” Louis said.


”Yeah, c’mon Ni. Let’s make some tea for him, for when he gets out.” Harry suggested.


”Good idea,” Liam piped in, “and no one brings this up. If he wants to talk about it then he will,” he added in a whisper.


Niall let his shoulders fall as he stared at the closed bathroom door. He turned to see three pairs of eyes on him. “Yeah,” he said sounding defeated and sad, “that’s a good idea.”
They heard the shower turn on as they made their way into the kitchen.







*~~*










45 minutes later and the four boys were silently sitting around Zayn’s kitchen table with cups of untouched tea in front of them, some fingers tapping against the wood of the table, all staring into space. They were still in shock. The shower was still running in the bathroom, steam rolling under the crack at the bottom of the door. 


Harry’s fist slammed onto the table scaring everyone out of their trances with a jump. He stood abruptly and stated “I’m gonna go make sure he’s okay.”


”Harry don’t! You saw how he was back in the alley when I went to catch him. He’s scared. You know he’s probably only gonna let Niall near him without freaking out.” Liam said gently, looking from Harry to Niall. All eyes were on Niall now.


After a few moments of the guys staring at him Niall huffed, “Why are you all staring at me?!” he exclaimed. “Don’t be mad at me,” he said in a much lower tone, sounding sad. “I don’t know why he’s only letting me get close but please don’t be mad at me!” he pleaded in a whisper.


”Hey, hey Nialler we aren’t mad at you,” Louis soothed with nodded agreements from the other two boys. “And he’s only letting you get closer because you guys have a closer bond, something special. You two make one another…okay.”


Niall nodded slowly. “Yeah,” he agreed. “’M gonna go see if he’ll come out. Just stay over here, oaky? Don’t wanna freak ‘im out again, yeah?”


Louis, Liam, and Harry nodded and Niall smiled small before walking towards the bathroom door.


He knocked gently on the wood of the door. “Zayn, its Niall. Can you open the door please?” he asked. The only sounds coming from the other side of the door were the running water and quiet sobs. “Please Zaynie, let me in. ‘M not gonna hurt you.”


A full minute passed before he got a reply. “I’m disgusting.” Zayn sobbed from the other side.


Niall sighed and rested his head on the door. “No you aren’t. Whoever did this to you is. Let me in, please baby. It’s okay right now. You’re safe.”


Another minute passed before he heard shuffling. He heard the water shut off. Then he heard wet feet pattering against the tiles and sniffling. More rustling and shuffling. Then the quiet click of the lock. He backed away as the door opened.


 Zayn was stood there, his skin was red and pink from being scrubbed hard, the beautiful olive skin barely visible. His eyes were red, puffy, and guarded. He had bags under his eyes and bruises on his body. A fluffy towel was wrapped around his waist. He looked exhausted and was shaking and still crying when he met Niall’s eyes with his own.


Zayn sniffed again. “Bring me to my room, please?” he hesitantly asked.


”Course I will,” Niall smiled. “C’mon,” he said reaching to grab Zayn’s hand. He let out an ‘oomph’ sound when Zayn threw his body against Niall’s. He put his arms around Niall’s neck and gripped tightly. Once the shock was gone Niall wrapped his arms loosely around Zayn’s waist and pulled him close.


Zayn pushed his head into Niall’s neck and let his body slump against Niall’s. Another sob wracked through his body and he shook more as it came out of his throat.


”I’ve got ya,” Niall soothed, starting to rub circles slowly onto Zayn’s back. He felt Zayn tense up so he stopped. He pulled away slightly to look into Zayn’s eyes. “I’m not gonna hurt you, ever.” He whispered. “Let’s go lay down.” Zayn nodded and let his hand fall into Niall’s as they walked to the bedroom.


Niall led Zayn into the bedroom and quietly shut the door behind them. He let go of Zayn’s hand and walked to the boys’ dresser, opened a few drawers and returned with boxers, sweats, and a big t-