to wait twenty minutes in silence. That felt like hours.

“It seems it won’t stop anytime soon. And since we can’t stay the night in the locker room, I guess we’ll have to run home.”

“Aw, why can’t we stay? It could be like a sleepover! We’ve never had one! Oh, I know! My house is closer to the school than yours, right? Come over!” Koutarou shouted. Akaashi opened his mouth to retort something but Bokuto didn’t let him time to. “My parents won’t mind! In fact, I’m sure they’ll be excited to have you over! I’ll lend you some clothes, obviously! They might not exactly fit, since you’re thinner than me but we’re about the same height so you won’t be hanging around with a t-shirt turned dress, haha! So? What do you think?”

Bokuto stared at Akaashi with expectant eyes and a big grin. He knew there was no real reason for Akaashi to turn him down, since there wasn’t school nor practice the next day and the rain was heavy enough to make anybody want to be in a warm house.

“Do I really have the choice?” Keiji smirked, and Bokuto had to admit that he probably would have insisted until he accepted. “I’ll come over, but we should hurry before the weather gets even worse.”

Five minutes later, they were out and running. They somehow made the run turn into a race in the process. Bokuto was half-whining and half-laughing because of the rain and because Akaashi was a good match for him. Once or twice, one or the other almost slipped on puddles, but neither of them fell. Yet.

It didn’t take too long before Bokuto stomped into a deep puddle. He felt himself fall in slow-motion and saw the ground getting closer and closer to his face. He had the reflex of shielding his face with his arms but the tarmac still left its mark on his forearms. It took him a little moment to realize what happened and get on his knees, inspecting his arms.

Akaashi had stopped running the very moment he saw his captain falling and was now making his way back to him. He crouched down and held out a hand to his captain.

“Bokuto-san, are you alright?”

“Yeah! I think. Didn’t expect that, haha! That kind of hurt, though.” Koutarou stated, still looking at his forearms.

He looked up to reassure Akaashi about his well-being, but stopped before he could even say anything. The hand before his eyes was waiting for him but his brain just stopped working. The rain, still falling heavily, had flattened the dark hair of his setter and made him look younger. The look on his face too, his eyes seemed slightly amused yet as much concerned. And if his small smile was anything to go by, Bokuto could swear he was looking at him fondly. But maybe that was just a projection of what he wished.

“Bokuto-san?” Akaashi asked quietly.

“Yeah, sorry, it’s just… your hair is flat, that’s unusual!” he laughed.

“Well, yours isn’t any better, if you ask for my opinion. It feels weird to see you without your spiky hair.”

“Is it a bad weird or a good weird, then? This is important, Akaashi!”

“Definitely not a bad weird.” Keiji smiled.

“Was it a sincere compliment or are you trying to stop me from sulking?” Bokuto huffed with a smile that showed he knew the answer.

“If I had wanted to avoid your sulking, I would have probably said something else, maybe along those lines: ‘Don’t worry Bokuto-san, you still look fabulous when you’re falling like that’.”

The wing spiker started laughing.

“Though, that would be as sincere, in the end; just a better solution for your sulking.”

The wing spiker stopped laughing.

His eyes widened in surprise and he looked at Akaashi.

“You find me fabulous?”

“I find you many things, Bokuto-san. Not voicing them doesn’t mean I don’t think them.”

This was getting somewhere Bokuto sure thought was risky. His heart was beating faster and he was getting his hopes high. That was something he avoided at all cost until now and he didn’t want the fall to be heartbreaking. Maybe he was over-interpreting what Akaashi was saying. Maybe he was just adding whatever connotations he wanted to hear in the setter’s words.

He had acknowledge his crush on Akaashi since the very first day he had been crushing on him. Trying to convince himself of the contrary would have just delayed the moment he would actually admit it. But he knew that there were more chances of getting rejected than anything else. So he hid it. That wasn’t a really big deal, he was touchy-feely with everyone and just