go back to Kenma. Who knew what was going on back in the lobby now, while he was standing and having a calm conversation with a person who almost seems like a ghost.

 “I’m looking for someone,” he admits, “But I doubt we’re headed in the same direction. Maybe…Maybe we and regroup in the lobby later when…When you find your Iwa-chan?”

 Oikawa seems fond of the idea and quickly nods, before his smile once again turns into a concerned frown.

 “I would be careful if I were you.” He softly says, walking closer to Tetsurou, who can’t find the strength to move this time. “I guess you’re going to look by the pool? I didn’t go there. It gives out pretty chilly vibes…I don’t really like it there. Be careful, Kuro-chan, and hurry up so we can meet at the lobby, okay?”

 Tetsurou nods and feels Oikawa walk past him, chills quickly taking over his body. He realizes then that the person who had introduced him self as Oikawa Tooru isn’t just a random person he had met a second ago. It would be a miracle if he was even a person, a human like him. There are so many things a man as observant as Tetsurou could find wrong in Oikawa. The way he looks paler than a healthy person should be. The way his steps make absolutely no sound as he walks. There is definitely something wrong in him being so lightly dressed despite the coldness of the halls. But there’s no way that could possibly bother him, because Tetsurou quickly realizes that he’s the very sores of the chilling cold taking over their surroundings.

 “I hope you find who ever you’re looking for.” Oikawa Tooru says as he passes him. Tetsurou is almost sure he can hear a sad smile in his words and quickly understands that there’s something Oikawa knows that he doesn’t. “I hope I can see my Iwa-chan too…I’m getting so worried…”

 Oikawa’s voice becomes softer and softer until Tetsurou feels as if he had imagined his entire presence. Just as he is about to turn and question the mysterious person however, he finds out he is alone in the hall.

 There’s not a single thing that proves he had ever had the company of Oikawa Tooru. The same Oikawa Tooru, whose name he’s certain he had heard before, but can’t be sure where from and why.

 Tetsurou’s all alone again. The cold in the hall is replaced by a heavy feeling of sorrow and emptiness. The neutral smell which had been brought with the presence of Oikawa, much like the coldness, is replaced by a disgusting stench. It is a smell which makes his stomach turn and wrench and Tetsurou could barely hold him self from throwing up the little contents in his stomach.

 Instead of staying in the hall, he forces his legs to move and almost runs towards the changing rooms before the large room of the equally large pool. Something in Oikawa’s words makes him worry, makes him feel as if he had made the greatest mistake in his life by spending his little time in the hall with him.

 The feeling only grows as he walks through the threshold of the changing rooms and quickly runs towards the door opposite to the one he had walked through. It’s a feeling of emptiness and loneliness. It scares him so much, he could barely believe it. Tetsurou had never been so scared or sad in his life. The worst part was that he didn’t know why he was feeling all of this. So many strong emotions falling over him as if they had actual weight, strong enough to crush him.

 Tetsurou decided that he never wanted to feel as miserable as he did in that moment. Never wanted to feel any of what he did now, as he was forced face to face with the door leading towards the pool. His heart thumped loudly in his chest and he had to bite his lip to ground him self before slowly reaching up to the door handle.

 Taking a deep breath, he pushed down the handle and the door slowly opened. A gentle push was all it took to make it open wide, revealing the sight of blue hues and gentle light to Tetsurou. But that wasn’t the only thing which came into his view.

 Tetsurou’s narrowed eyes widened and he almost raised a hand to hold onto the doorframe for support, as his knees bended dangerously beneath him. He had to be mistaken. That in the water wasn’t a body. And even if it was, that jacket didn’t belong to Koutarou. The first thought which passed through his mind was that that was Iwa-chan, that had to be Oikawa’s Iwa-chan, but there was no way he could mistake the wild strands of black and silvery hair floating above the surface of the crystal water, illuminated by the bluish lights.

 Tetsurou took a sharp intake of breath, before willing him self to move yet again. This