’s mental list of “items that should never leave the house unless they are in a trash bag.” Zach lingers in their bedroom a little longer, searching for his softest hoodie at the back of the closet, then follows Chris into the kitchen.

Chris is good at planning, and he’s also good at eating, so it stands to reason that he’s filled the fridge and cupboards with everything they could want for the next few days. He’s also really good at taking care of Zach, so ‘everything they could want’ seems overwhelmingly biased towards all of Zach’s favourites: his favourite cookies, his favourite organic coffee brand that Chris not-so-secretly thinks is pretentious, his favourite green grapes even though he knows that Chris prefers the purple ones. Seeing all of this stuff in the kitchen gives Zach a warm glow, which increases tenfold when he spots Chris preparing a sandwich that wouldn’t look out of place in an episode of Scooby Doo, with an expression of deep concentration on his face.

“Hungry, then?” Zach says pointedly, and Chris looks up and grins.

“Just a little. You want one?”

“I think I’ll make mine slightly easier to handle. You’re gonna dislocate your jaw on that thing.”

“I’ve got something to dislocate your jaw right here,” Chris leers, gesturing to his crotch, and Zach bursts out laughing.

“That’s lame. That’s lamer than lame, even for you.”

“Made you laugh, didn’t it?”

“Yes, it did.” Zach crosses the kitchen to get close to Chris, who puts down his plate and embraces Zach.

“I love you,” he whispers in Zach’s ear, “More than anything. You know that, right?”

“You just abandoned a sandwich for me. If that isn’t love, I don’t know what is.”

“Shut up.”

They eat standing up because Zach isn’t completely ready for sitting yet. It’s only when Zach starts eating that he realises how ravenous he was, and he scarfs down the meal quickly, then helps himself to a handful of cookies. When Chris has finished inhaling his own sandwich, they wash the dishes in companionable silence, standing shoulder to shoulder at the sink, bumping together frequently. The slight contact is reassuring to Zach. His body aches, yes, but his heart aches more, and the strong, sure presence of Chris next to him is the only thing that can soothe it.  When the last dish has been dried, Zach turns to Chris and embraces him, holding him tightly. Chris gives him a squeeze.

“You ok?”

“Yeah, I’m fine…I’m sorry I’m being so clingy today.”

“Hey.” Chris pulls back so that he’s looking Zach in the face. “No. Don’t be sorry. You never have to be sorry for anything after a scene, you know that. I need to be close to you just as much, anyway.”

Chris’s gaze is intense, almost too intense for Zach to hold, but he nods.

“You want to go back to bed?” Chris asks.

It would be nice to be back in bed, warm and snuggled up together, so Zach smiles, and says “Yes, please.”

“Ok. I could give you a backrub when we get there if you want?”

Chris’s determination to spoil Zach today clearly knows no bounds, and Zach has absolutely no problem with that. He soaks up all of Chris’s loving attention just as eagerly he can soak up all of the pain he inflicts. It’s all coming from the same source anyway, two sides of the same coin. Plus, there is no way he would turn down a backrub. Chris’s backrubs are amazing.

“I think you’ve convinced me.”

 

***

 

Chris makes the bed, fluffing up the duvet and straightening the pillows, and pats it, indicating where Zach should lie down. Zach strips down to his boxers, and arranges himself as instructed, while Chris covers his lower half with another blanket so that Zach won’t get cold. Chris sits by Zach’s side on the bed, rummages in the drawer of the nightstand to find their favourite lavender massage oil, and pours some into his hand to warm it up. Then he applies it to Zach’s shoulders, working it into the muscles, finding the knots and gently easing his fingers into them. There’s a particularly persistent one which has taken up permanent residence in Zach’s left shoulder blade. Chris knows it well – it’s an old enemy – and he presses hard, his touch firm and sure, while Zach moans his appreciation and lets the competing pain and pleasure of it flood his senses. He can feel himself becoming more relaxed, the sweet aroma of the lavender filling the room and lulling him into a state of drowsiness despite the sparks of tenderness in his muscles. Chris takes another drizzle of oil and works the heels of