at the heat that surrounded his organ. "Oh fuck…" Draco gasped, removing his hands from behind his head and gripping at the bed sheets beneath him. Harry's mouth was so hot and when he sucked on him, he felt like he was going to scream in pleasure.

Harry was amazing at this, to say the least, and it made Draco feel out of character, having to hold back so much. He groaned when Harry took the entire length into his mouth, earning a long moan from Draco. He didn't waste any time before bobbing his head up and down, sucking hard whenever he pulled back. He stopped at the tip briefly, sticking his tongue into the slit to taste the pre-cum there, and then swirling the muscle around the head. He returned to taking the whole length in, relaxing the muscles in his throat with practiced ease so that Draco went in even deeper.

"Stop," he commanded and Harry did as he was told, licking his lips when he pulled off. "Pants off," Draco said next, and he removed his pants and socks as well.

Harry ditched his pants and boxers on the floor and crawled across the bed to lie on his side next to Draco. "How are we going to do this? I told you that I don't bottom."

"Well that's going to change tonight," Draco hissed as he rolled over to his side, giving Harry a clear visual of his rear as he opened the drawer on his nightstand and pulled out a plastic tube of lotion. "I don't have any condoms. Can't say that I was expecting to be in this situation any time soon…"

"That's fine. I'm clean." Harry said with a smile.

Draco nodded. "Me too," He sat up and moved to position himself between Harry's legs.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Harry sat up as well. "I don't think so!"

Draco pushed Harry to lay back down and glared at him. "I think so." He was not about to have this argument, not with this idiot. And why was he protesting now? Draco told him only moments ago that he was topping. Though, he could agree that arousal tended to make men stupid…er.

"Draco, I've never-" Harry was cut off by Draco kissing him gently.

"I won't hurt you." Draco mumbled against his lips.

Harry squeezed his eyes shut and forced his body to relax. "Okay…okay…kay"

"Okay?"

"Okay…"

"Okay?"

"Okay, Draco!" Harry glared at the Blond-haired man, lips pressed in a tight line.

Draco chuckled, and Harry relaxed, allowing Draco to spread his legs wider. Draco opened the bottle of lotion and squirted some into his hand. Draco massaged his inner thigh with his left hand which was slick from the lube. "Relax. Simply relax. I don't want to hurt you." He pressed his finger against Harry's entrance and pushed it in, glad that he had clipped his nails the other day.

"Ah!" Harry gasped out, squeezing his eyes shut even tighter. His eyes shot open when Draco's free hand grasped his erection and began stroking and massaging it. "Draco…"

Gray eyes didn't look up from what they were doing and he continued to push his finger inside Harry, his thumb pressing into the slit and making Harry shudder. "Relax." He ordered when he was met with some resistance.

Draco knew that Harry was doing his best to relax. He was simply reacting on instinct to the foreign feeling, not because it hurt. Nonetheless, Draco remained concentrated and concerned. Harry grit his teeth when a second finger was added and then was pulling at the bed sheets when the third and fourth came in. He twisted his head to the side, his body slowly becoming used to the intrusion.

Draco thrust his fingers in and out rhythmically, getting Harry used to the feel of having something move within him. He pulled his fingers out after a few minutes and scooted closer to Harry, taking hold of the back of his knees in his hands and pushing them back. "I'm going to…"

"Got it," Harry said quickly, squeezing his eyes shut tightly in anticipation.

Draco felt his stomach twist at the abrupt tone, and he gazed down at him. He knew that it took a lot of trust in the other partner to bottom, but he had to remember that this wasn't who he was used to being with. He had to adjust to Harry's comfort level. He had to get Harry to ease up for him.

When Draco didn't move, he turned his head to look at Draco and found that the other man was staring at him, and when their eyes met, he smirked. "W-what?" Harry asked, his face flushing.

"Nothing," And with that, Draco thrust his hips forward and Harry's eyes, still locked on Draco, widened