"…"

"Why is it Sherlock that we always get locked into the smallest possible place and its always pitch black?"

"I'm not sure, but look on the bright side; at least we have our phones."

"But they're dead."

"True, but at least this means we won't have to get you a new one this time."

"Yes but Sherlock they're no good to us at this point."

"…it's the thought that counts…"

"Just keep telling yourself that Sherlock."

"..."

"..."

"How long have we been in here John?"

"Hold on."

"..."

"Only an hour and a half so far."

"I see you decided to get a new watch after all."

"Yeah well with you destroying them every time I turn around I wasn't sure I should but I also figured it might be a good idea to have one."

"Excuse me, I've only destroyed a few of your watches John."

"Ten and counting, and you had better not destroy this one, I like it, it glows in the dark."

"Interesting, could I take it apart and find out what compound they used to make it glow?"

"No Sherlock, that would be destroying my watch again and I'd like to keep this one."

"If you insist."


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"John, did you by chance inform Lestraude where we were going?"

"Yes, and he said not to."

"And you didn't tell me this?"

"Would you have listened?"

"..."

"My point exactly."

"Surely Lestraude knows that I wouldn't have listened."

"Probably, I hope they come looking for us eventually."

"So do I, I think I know who the killer is."

"Oh? Care to share?"

"It was the son."

"Please tell me its not the son whose house we're currently locked in the closet of."

"..."

"Sherlock!"

"Don't shout, I'm right here."

"You idiot! Couldn't you have told me before we came here?"

"I only realized it after we got locked in here."

"Oh?"

"Yes, the shoes I noticed under the bed had a brownish mud on them, none of his other shoes do from what I could tell before the door shut on us."

"I see, so basically we're stuck in an axe-murder's closet with no chance of rescue until morning."

"Precisely."

"It's times like these that I hate these kinds of things."

"..."

"Sherlock?"

"Do you hate me because I get you into dangerous situations?"

"No Sherlock, you're my friend as crazy as you are, and I wouldn't have it any other way."

"Good because I don't intend to change."

"..."

"..."

"John, did you take the kettle off before we left?"

"No."

"..."

"..."

"Have you ever heard of the Quantum Butterfly?"

"What nonsense are you talking about now John?"

"It's an old folk story that when a yellow tailed butterfly with blue eyes on its wings, supposedly as it fluttered past it could cause whole hurricanes."

"That's utterly ridiculous."

"It's a fable Sherlock."

"It's still ridiculous."

"Whatever."

"..."

"..."

"This is the worst."

"No it's not John, that time we were stuck in that broom cupboard was bad."

"True... What would truly would be the worst would be being stuck in a closet with Anderson."

"..."

"..."

The loud bang of a door hitting a wall somewhere in the house causes both of men to jump in the small space.

-what was that?-

-how should I know John? Now be quiet-

They can hear footsteps pattering around the house, a sudden burst of music and the chink of glasses being pulled out of the cabinets. Both men tense as a second set of footsteps enter the bedroom where their little hiding spot is located.

-should we do something Sherlock?-

-shh, not yet.-

The footsteps retreat back into the living area where they can hear a female giggling.

-now?-

-no-

John grips the gun tucked into the back of his pants anxiously as they listened to the giggling come closer. A sudden knocking on the door in front of John startles him then he realizes it's Sherlock drawing attention to their presence by knocking on the closet door.

"Honey, what's that sound?"

"I'm not sure."

"Can you please open the closet door? It's a bit cramped in here and frankly I'd like to get out of here."

"Oh my god! There's someone in the closet!"

"We really would appreciate you letting us out."

The door jerks open and a large, well muscled man stares at the men standing in his closet.

"Who the hell are you?"

"Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson, our apologies for intruding in such an awkward manner