I suggest you should give Liam the red one but since you're stubborn and all I know that you'll give him a yellow one." Louis says now calming down a bit. "Okay. This sounds like an opportunity. I'll give him the red one." Zayn decides but deep down he knows he won't have the courage to do this. 

 

Everyone. Every single person in school has a rose in their hand. Some popular girls have a bunch of red roses and some have yellow ones. It is like the school has suddenly decided to turn everything into flowers because he can't see anything besides flowers. Louis has already got ten yellow roses and one single red rose from the doe eyed girl Eleanor."Okay now Zayn, if you really want to win Liam over you have to do something big." Zayn already hates the idea. "Like what?" 

"Give him a bunch of 24 roses. Red ones to be specific." Louis says, seriously. "Louis, you know I can't do that. It has been a year since I like him and I haven't even spoken to him ONCE. How the fuck do you think I'm going to have the courage to give him a bunch of roses and declare my love!" Louis quietens.

Louis has been crushing on Liam's bestfriend Harry Styles since a year too. Actually, both Louis and Zayn seem to be cool but they are really idiots. Big ones too. How Niall can handle them is a thing out of their reach. Speaking of Niall, he hasn't seen the Irish lad since morning and that's a big thing because Niall is always in the hallway. He never even attends classes and bonus he gets away with it too. Teachers love the Irish charm. 

"Hey lads! I've got a big news for the both of you." Niall says in his thick Irish accent making both Zayn and Louis come out of their dreamland. "What news is it Niall?" Louis asks. "Well, I heard Styles and Liam discuss about giving roses to both of you." Louis and Zayn jump. "WHAT?!" Both of them say in unision. "Relax. Geez. Seems the crush isn't one sided anymore." Niall teases and Zayn blushes while Louis is already muttering about his dreamworld with Harry to himself. 

 

Liam and Zayn don't share any classes. This is the most irritating part because Zayn only gets to admire Liam's beauty for 30 minutes everyday which certainly isn't enough. Actually Zayn's whole life isn't enough for that but he'll pretend this thought didn't cross his mind. During lunch Zayn, Louis and Niall sit on their usual table and keep wondering when their flowers will arrive and by flowers, they mean Liam and Harry. 

As usual Liam and Harry are surrounded by a bunch of boys and girls. Zayn turns to look at Liam and in a moment both of them are holding their gaze. Liam is looking at Zayn intently and slowly his mouth twitches into a tiny yet intimate smile. A smile which is just for Zayn. Zayn continues to blush. 

It is when Zayn is eating his spicy chicken sandwich that he hears footsteps approaching their table. His heart starts beating a little too fast but he can't help it. After what Niall said, Zayn and Louis decided to let their crushes make the first move. This is the time, Zayn thinks when all his fantasies are going to be fulfilled. But, luck really doesn't like Zayn afterall because it is Harry who's approaching them with a bunch of flowers, not Liam. 

Louis is all wide eyed when Harry gives him the flowers with a huge shy grin on his face. " Is that for me?" Louis asks, innocently. "Of course Lou. It is for you, love." Harry says in his charming voice. That's it and without any reason but love for this tall boy in front of him Louis jumps to kiss him. It is all kinds of slow and sloppy but perfect. 

Zayn is extremely happy for his friend, he is but he also wanted a big declaration of love like this. All Liam has done is give him one tiny smile and nothing else. It's kind of disappointing. Niall's whooping in the background slows down when Liam approaches them.

Without any dramatics, Liam just simply hands him the bouquet of flowers he's holding. They're 24 red roses and Zayn couldn't be hapapier. He's about to say thank you when Liam engulfs him in a hug. "I've always liked you, Zayn." He mumbles into Zayn's neck and he shivers. "But I never found the courage to speak to you. You're so mysterious and quiet that I thought you won't be interested in me. " Liam slowly confesses, still not letting go of Zayn's waist. "You think I am not interested in you. Have you seen your face? You're the most beautiful person I've ever laid