leans back onto the cold metal wall. "I didn't mean what I said."


Zayn's eyes flick up to meet Liam's for just a second, full of worry and sadness. It physically hurts to look at him; Liam doesn't know what to say to make him feel better.


"I was stuck in a elevator last year on holiday," Liam tries, "And it only took an hour or so to get us out, plus the cables didn't even break when they pulled it up."


That, apparently, was the wrong this say because Zayn's eyes widen in fear and he moves closer to Liam, looking up at him like it was the last time he would ever see him. "Hey, it's okay." Liam murmurs, curling an arm around his waist, "It'll be fine."


Zayn ducks his head into the crook of his neck, and Liam gently runs his hand down Zayn's back. "I'm still furious with you." He murmurs, his voice muffled. "But I don't want to spend my last moments angry at you."


Liam huffs out a laugh, "You can still be angry at me, I guess I deserve it."


Zayn sighs, and rests his head on Liam’s shoulder, “Still don’t get why had to be such an ass.”


“I was angry then, I said sorry, didn’t I?”


“You’re temper tantrums aren’t an excuse, and apologising doesn’t make everything okay.” Zayn says impatiently, pulling away from Liam. “You were being a dick.”


“I know.” Liam says irritably, “What do you want me to do to make it okay?”


Zayn looks at him with narrowed eyes for a solid moment, “Do you know what, just forget it.” He says flippantly.


“You’ve already made such a big fucking deal out of it, now you’re telling me to forget it?” Liam knows he’s making it worse, but he can’t help the words tumbling out of his mouth. He regrets it instantaneously, as soon as he sees Zayn’s face go from a look of annoyance to one of defeat and sadness.


“Zayn,” Liam says desperately “Babe I-“


Zayn shakes his head, “It’s fine, Liam.” He sniffles, Liam looks at him helplessly as he leans back on the mirrored side of the wall and slides down onto the floor, his knees brought up to his chest.


Liam sits next to him, and puts an arm around his shoulders and Zayn has never felt so frail under his touch. Zayn shifts until he's comfortable, with he head on Liam's lap, curled into his side. he looks up at him with wet eyes, a type of sadness in them Liam can't quite describe. The two of the knew each other like the back of their hand, they know what to say to hurt each other most, he used that to his advantage in the heat of the moment.


Liam's hand trails down Zayn's cheek, trailing along his jaw and up to the corners of his eyes to wipe away the moisture. "When are we going to get out?" Zayn asks, his voice heavy and anticipant.


"I don't know, babe." Liam murmers, just as his phone blares in his pocket. Zayn jumps a little at the sudden sound but settles his head back on Liam's lap when he fishes his phone out. "It's Louis." Zayn looks at him with anticipation as he answers the call, he puts it on loudspeaker and rests it on his knee between the both of them.

"Liam! We're coming, don't panic!" Louis shouts and his hysterical voice echoes around the whole elevator.


Zayn is the first to giggle, muffling his laugh into Liam's stomach. "Oh my god he's lost it!" Louis shouts again, "Are you okay, Liam? Zayn?"


"We're okay, Lou." Liam replies warily, "Just get us out of here."


"We're working on it, Liam." Louis scolds, "You guys haven't like, killed each other, right?"


"No, Louis."


"Good. We were so worried, oh my god. Honestly, we were just downstairs and then all of sudden everyone is going mental, you would even-"


"Louis, It's fine." Liam sighs, "We're fine."


"Okay, i'll just leave you two then. Harry and Niall said hello and they send their best wishes across." Louis say, "See you in a bit, I guess."
He ends the call after a quick goodbye, and leaves the phone on the floor beside them. "Are you okay, Zayn?" Liam asks, looking down at him

Zayn just huffs and closes his eyes.


"I love you, Zayn." Liam murmurs, pressing his thumb onto the side of Zayn'