almost friendly way...

Keith fought the whimper gurgling up in his throat. Keith leaned against the bathroom sink in his best effort at looking casual.

"Hey what're you doing man-" Lance froze, staring at Keith's right arm and the black haired boy's eyes widened before hastily tugging down his sleeves, getting wet splotches on his dark long sleeve shirt.

He ignored lances gaze as he slung his jacket over his shoulders and dodged past lance and out of the boys restroom.

Lance caught his arm though and looked into Keith's pursed, carefully stilled face.

The Latino boy then glanced down and quickly dropped his grip, only to clutch at Keith's sleeve.

"Did," lance swallowed and Keith follwed the bob of his Adams Apple, hating himself for it.

"Did you get in a fight?"

Keith nearly sagged with relief but instead hardened his face further and yanked his arm away, turning and leaving in a hurry.

Looks like lance is as oblivious as he acts. _______

Keith was cornered a week later by the very same oblivious Latino.

Keith was huffing and ready to cuss lance out until he started rolling up Keith's sleeve. Keith froze before doing his best to fight the taller boy off.

He had nearly won when lance managed to drag his sleeve halfway up his forearm.

Lance let Keith shove him back, stumbling to keep himself upright, but he immediately gripped Keith's sleeve.

"Keith, this is- your parents did this, you have trouble at home?" Keith huffed quietly, breath coming out ragged.

Lance can't know, lance wouldn't know.

"What are you talking about? It's a bruise, people have accidents," Keith tried to pull away but lance held tight.

"Hey, if it were an accident would ther be handprints?" Keith's gaze dropped, his chin tucked into his chest as lance continued, "It's not like it's a new development, you've had a dozen black eyes in the last year, you always wear long sleeves. Fuck Keith, I'm not an idiot."

Lance fell quiet and Keith grimaced, holding back any emotions he might let slip of he doesn't keep himself reigned in.

"There are a lot of people who don't like me, sometimes it gets physical."

Lance huffed, dropping his gaze and finally released Keith's sleeve. He quickly looked back up and gave a pleading look to Keith.

"If you wanna tell me the truth, I'm here. hell, I'll be here even if you're gonna keep lying to yourself."

Lance left and Keith stood there wondering when he'd become friends with Lance Mclain the boy who hated him. ______

Two days after that Keith gave in.

"I don't know what to do," he looked into lances eyes, conveying the hurt he'd felt when his father had kicked him in the gut last night after coming home drunk, and continuing to call him every hate name under the sun.

Lance's eyes softened and he lifted his arms. For a moment Keith thought that lance was going to hug him until he dropped his hands onto Keith's shoulders, giving a light squeeze. Keith didn't hide his flinch this time, not sure what to expect after opening up like this.

Lance made a strangled whining sound before wholeheartedly wrapping his arms around Keith's shoulders,burying one hand in the long locks at the back of his head and using the other to bind Keith's shoulders to his.

Keith almost couldn't control his actions when he made a small chocked sound and hesitantly brought his arms around lances narrow torso.

Keith couldn't remember the last hug he'd gotten. He balled his hands up in the back of lances shirt.

Damn the other people in the library, it was lunch and Keith needed this.

They stood there for longer than Keith could guess. Lance only let go when the bell rang for the end of lunch.

"Hey," lance placed his hand on Keith's head and looked him in the eyes, "meet me in front of the building after school's out okay?"

Keith sputtered as he tried to tell lance no, but the boy was already gone ______

Keith had convinced lance to let him just head home, but there must have been some physical change in him because of lance. He knew because when he got home his parents didn't even bother to scold him for being late, she just screeched for his father and they took turns shouting gay slurs at him and beating him. ______

The next morning lance whined and held his face gently as he inspected the black eye, moving them to the bathroom so that he could inspect Keith better, though the shorter boy protested.

Lance apologised profusely and continued to coddle Keith until the bell rang, ordering Keith to meet him in the library. ______

They did and lance forced the story out of him, pulling Keith to him when he finished.

"Keith, please don't do this," lance buried