find myself wrapped up in from the inside out. With my claws still extended, I take full advantage of them and slice through Lydia's sheer top, hearing a gasp of annoyance before she bites down on my lower lip hard enough to have me pulling back with a snap of my teeth.

"That was expensive," She spits out, though her tone is lacking real anger. I would know; I'm quite familiar with the feeling.

"Don't fuss, Lydia. It barely covered anything anyways." She'd been teasing me with those plump breasts from the minute she walked into the loft, light pink bra easily showing from under the cream colored blouse. The little minx.. Before she can argue, I push her delicate body back until her ass presses up against the edge of the large desk that sits in front of the great, bay windows. With a quick wave of my hand, the contents of the desk go flying to the ground and I lift Lydia onto the flat surface. A hand slinks up to the soft flesh of her neck to grip tight, pressing her onto her back until she's laying before me, spread open in the middle of the room. Its a sight that makes my jeans uncomfortably tight. And she's still half dressed..

"Now who's teasing?" Lydia asks with an impatient huff and I realize I've just been staring at her for the last few seconds. With a smirk, my hands go the waist of my jeans, making quick work of the button and zipper and stepping out of them after they've fallen to the floor. Its been awhile since I've worn boxers, so the surprised widening of Lydia's eyes as she takes in my naked form only makes my smirk grow more devious. Hands slide from Lydia's ankles up, thumbs brushing over the insides of her thighs in such a way that I feel shivers run through her. The following look she gives me hits hard, nearly making me crumble right there. Though she need not ever know that. Lydia needed to think I was in control and I was going to show her so she'd never doubt it.

"Now, what was it you said about teasing? Something to do with following through.." I let my eyes flash electric blue as my hands grab hold of Lydia's thighs and pull her to the edge of the desk, skirt scooting up in the process to show matching pink panties, all lace and sheer, leaving nothing to the imagination. I'm done waiting. In one fluid motion, I tug Lydia's panties to the side and grab my cock, pressing the head between her silky, wet folds to find her wanting entrance. It doesn't take long before I'm sinking deeper inside Lydia, a muffled groan of hers pulling my gaze up to her face. Lydia's hand is between her teeth, blocking out the perfect sounds that I so eagerly want to hear.

"Now Lydia, be a good girl and let me hear you scream," I hear myself say, voice deep in an almost growl as my hips begin to pull back only to slam forward into her over and over until I've set up a slow yet forceful pace. "I'm going to take what I want from you. There's nothing you can do to stop me now, Lydia."

From the almost panicked look on her face, I could swear Lydia was afraid, but her scent hadn't changed from anything but lust and need. I wasn't sure if I was happy about that or not. "I told you I was dangerous," I gasp out, my voice starting to fail me as the pleasure takes over. It seems Lydia's had done so already, since all I can hear from her are moans and breathy half screams as I pound into her drenching pussy. I can't stop myself from leaning over her body and grasping her bra, tugging it down to reveal peaked nipples and perky breasts that shake with each thrust. My mouth instantly begins to ravish the left breast, leaving bite marks and quickly forming bruises on the tender flesh.

"Fuck, you ass," I hear her gasp out, but she pushes herself into my mouth more. She's meeting each and every thrust with an equally rough pace of her own like its a battle between our bodies as they clash together. I feel her hands in my hair, gathering tight handfuls that she tugs on each time her pussy clenches around my cock. She's close. I can feel it in the way her movements stutter like she's chasing her high to completion. It drives me on, pace getting more and more brutal as I too feel my release coming. "I'm close. Fuck, so close, Peter!" Lydia's voice is needy and high, so close to a scream of pleasure. Just a few more thrusts and I feel her quivering around me.

"Yes, that's it. Cum for me, my good girl," I growl out, fangs