Poe, and when she’d suggested he write something to his sister, he left the room—and didn’t return for long enough that Rey was wondering if it would be necessary to find another map. After he eventually came back, neither of them alluded to Luke’s family in any capacity for the rest of Rey’s time there.)

(Luke hadn’t believed her when she’d told him Han had died, and even though she’d read that Jedi weren’t supposed to get emotional, that night she held the most powerful remaining Jedi that was left. She rubbed his back as he bawled, and told him soft stories about Han’s final days, leaving out Ben and Kylo and Snoke and all the other nightmares that threatened to press in on the edge of her tales. When Rey had woken up in the morning, Luke had been talking to Chewie, or more accurately, petting the Wookie’s shoulder as Chewie groaned sympathetically. Rey had pretended to sleep in.)

And despite the letdown of Luke not being the perfect mentor Rey had hoped for, he was wise and experienced, and Rey could see the kindness that he’d kept in his heart since before his own adventure had even begun, so she forgave him his minor downfalls and was as patient as possible. In return, Luke had taught her how to better command the Force: how to turn all these confusing, swirling impulses running amok inside her head into palpable, wieldable things that she could see with her own two eyes.

Finally, she bested him in a fight, and he told her, panting heavily from the ground, “You are ready.” Rey tried not to smile at how proud Luke looked, and failed thoroughly. He’d smiled back.

By the time Rey began preparations to go back to D’Qar, she’d formed such a close rapport with Luke that it seemed impossible he wouldn’t want to come. Her confidence in his presence caused her to bring it up casually, and she was completely unprepared for the violence of his reaction.

“What,” she demanded, staring him down. “Are you joking?”

“I—” Luke hesitated, eyes flitting between her and Chewbacca. “My work is done—”

“No,” Rey cut him off, not entertaining that idea for a second. “Your work is done with me. You still have work to do, and people to see.”

Luke fell silent for a good while, apparently ruminating on the pros and cons of returning to society vs. living as a lonely powerful hermit, and eventually Rey persisted, “I’m not the only one who’s been missed, Master Luke.”

The image reflected in Luke’s eyes of unsettled tides and comfortable isolation, stayed with Rey for a long time, permanently painted into her memories. He opened his mouth to speak, and Rey sensed that he was about to say something she wouldn’t want to hear. She blurted out, “We’ll stay.”

Chewie let out a growl, unintelligible in any dialect but easily translated as confusion, and the heartbreaking look disappeared from Luke’s eyes. “Really?”

“Not forever. Just until I can convince you to come back with me,” Rey stated, and the determined words carried a finality that nobody could argue with.

-

They touch down on D’Qar not one day late, or two, but two whole weeks.

Rey foolishly assumes that maybe, just maybe, since she had retrieved Luke Skywalker, the focus might be mostly on him and she could take a well-deserved break. But when they land on the Resistance base, the first thing she encounters is, disappointingly, not some food or a shower or her bed. She’s practically lifted up into a crowd of people, Resistance soldiers all cheering her name in a barrage of gratitude and congratulations.

“You really found him,” says a voice that might be Major Ematt’s, followed by a happy shout from Jessika Pava and a thump to Rey’s shoulder that hurts more than it should.

“Okay, alright, yes,” she’s in the middle of saying, when arms close around her, circling into a tight loop around her body. Rey would panic at the sudden embrace if she didn’t instantly recognize the smell, even after weeks of not getting a whiff of it. She lets out a tiny, happy sob, and her hands fly up to clutch at the pilot holding her. “Poe,” she whispers, weak and happy.

Poe pulls away, his grin stretched nearly ear-to-ear without its usual mischievous edge. He’s grown a beard since she left, a well-trimmed thing that only serves to somehow make him more attractive. “You’re late,” he murmurs, holding Rey as tightly as he can without hurting her. The crowd of people surrounding them fade out in Rey’s peripheral, as the only thing she’s focused on is Poe. Poe Dameron, the Resistance’s best pilot, the charmer who Rey’s certain could