when he heard the distinct scratch of pen on paper.

He turned when it had finished and found a note written in his father’s handwriting.


I… have no answers. Have you told someone about me?


“The kid found the Underground version of this-” Sans gestured to the lab “-and… well, curiosity killed the cat.”

Given their determination to save everyone… there wasn’t anything else. There didn’t need to be.

“… I don’t get it,” Sans stated flatly, “how can determination bring you back?”


You’ve been storing items from them in this machine, right?


“Yeah, what about it? I’ve stored stuff like that in there for years."


Not like this.


“What?” Sans took the shell out, since it was the topmost item, and examined it closely, finding nithing unusual.


Look with magic.


Sans blinked, his eye glowing a dull colbalt as he examined the shell again. Now he could see it- faint traces of magic that was unfamiliar to him.


Humans used magic a long time ago… perhaps the stability of surface magic is powering the machine, and thus stabilizing me?


“No… this magic is newer. Humans abandoned old magic a long time ago, but witches still exist according to a friend. They deal mostly in topside objects, like herbs, shells, though gemstones are used for protection and health. Besides, Tori says that the old magic traces that used to be here are long gone.”


Fascinating… do you think the human child selected this on purpose?


Sans thought about it. “Honestly? No. They might’ve known they were drawn to it for some reason, but to them it probably just looked like a pretty shell. But because they’re been around so much magic, it might be that the residue leaked onto them, and from there to this shell, which might’ve been used by a witch who abandoned it for whatever reason.”


Perhaps, if more items are anchored like this… 


“Think you could come back?” Sans’s voice was a lot smaller than he’d have liked it to be, but…


It is possible. The Void is everything as much as it is nothing, so I don’t see the harm in trying should more objects be found.


“Should I tell the kiddo?”


Up to you; you’re the one who told them about me. Perhaps they can handle this as well.


Silence reigned before Sans spoke again. “It’s… nice to talk with you again. Even if I can’t hear you. Or see you, really.”


It’s nice to be able to talk with you as well… and it’s easier to see me at night, I’ve found.


“Anyway, you can pick up a pen. Think eating’s beyond you?”


For now, yes. I do not feel hunger here… nor much of anything else. I can’t tell if I’m phasing through the floor or not.


Sans snorted- an odd, high pitched whistling through his nasal cavity- in response. “I’d pay to see that.”


Be careful what bets you take… 


“you’re totally phasing through it right now aren’t you?”

…Yes.

Sans burst into laughter.

 

Sans did tell Frisk, who then drug him along on several Friday afternoons, both of them searching for abandoned magic items. Their finds were infrequent, but they did find a few things- geodes, pendants, and rocks that were pocket sized.

Sans even called one of the Musketeers- a friend of Papyrus that he hung out with on occasion- and asked him if he knew any witches with enchanted objects they’d be okay in giving up, or even making.

“I know one of them sells some of their witch gear. Anything specific?”

“Anything that won’t react violently to monster magic residue.”

“So, no. I’ll see what she’s willing to give.”

A bag with four gem-like rocks came in the mail a week later with a note.


This is what she gave me, and she wished your father well. She wouldn’t tell me what she meant by that.


Sans blinked, surprised. A lucky guess? It didn’t really matter.

Frisk would take the objects, and since they lived with monsters and magic was used on and around them frequently, magical residue stuck to them and mixed with their DETERMINATION. Depending on the day and events, Frisk would be able to consciously put more or less of the determination into the objects they had received. They would then hand them off to Sans who would put them in the machine.

 

It was during this process that Sans told Papyrus about Gaster. Papyrus had, like everyone else, forgotten what few memories he had of the elder skeletal monster after Gaster had fallen into the CORE.

Papyrus was silent as the information sank in, worrying Sans a little. Papyrus was meant to be loud, so silence was disconcerting.

“We… have