in words, but reach up gently to let my fingers cup his jaw, stroking slowly over the roughness of stubble. Then I lean in to press my lips to his, slow and unassuming, and rest my forehead against his gently, letting him make the next move.

Robert sighs, and it's almost heartbreaking. His hand moves to rest on my thigh, stroking slowly up and down the top of my jeans. "You always had this unquenchable faith in me."

"I still do," I reply softly, letting my fingers move to smooth through his hair. "You make good things happen, Bobby."

"Used to," he sighs. "Kiefer, I don't think I have any more luck left to give you."

"Then let me give you some back," I murmur, and lean in to kiss him again.

Robert comes alive under this kiss, surging towards me with a low groan, sudden enough that I don't anticipate it and our teeth clack together. But I can hardly think to care about that, not when his hands are in my hair, pulling me close and claiming my mouth with blistering heat. This I hadn't expected, but I'd wanted it. I'd never really stopped wanting it. He has me pushed back down onto the bed before I know it, and I catch his hips to pull him down against me, wrapping a thigh around one of his to hold me in place.

Robert's hands rake hard down my sides, his full weight resting against me as we kiss deep and frantic, nipping at lips and tongues. His shoulders are firm and toned under my hands, his body an intoxicating weight against mine, though one I rarely indulge in anymore. I rock my hips up against his without even thinking about it, feeling a shudder of arousal run through me. He hasn't changed in this, at least - his passion, his strength, his pursuit of pleasure. Bobby had always been so bright and alive and beautiful when we were younger, and I'd gained so much from that. He gave me kind of self confidence and strength that I needed to really make it, and I'm not sure I would have ever found it if it hadn't been for him. This is why it's so hard for me to see him struggling with himself and not to be able to do anything for him.

But I can give him this.

I tug his t-shirt up over his head and fill my hands with the warmth of his skin, his well muscled shoulders and back. I draw my nails down his spine, which still makes him shudder the way it used to. "Fuck, Kiefer..." his voice is a low growl, lips breaking from my mouth to kiss along my jaw hungrily, to suck and lick and bite at my throat. He's become far more rough in the time we've been apart, but the painful intensity of his mouth on my skin is so erotically vivid that I can't bring myself to stop him. It's still real, it reminds me. We're still here, we're still alive.

He's worked my shirt up around my armpits with restless, groping hands, and pulls back just long enough to yank it over my head before falling to devour my chest with his mouth. It's going to bruise - I'm going to have Robert's teeth marks tattooed in red and purple on my shoulders and collarbone for weeks, and I find that I like the idea just as much as the sensation. I run my hands hungrily over his back, through his hair, writhing and grinding up against him in a silent plea for more. Whatever they say about drugs and sex drive has to be the biggest load of bullshit, because Robert's even harder than me, hot and firm through his jeans as he grinds against my thigh.

When he bites down hard at my nipple I have to choke back a cry of pleasure - the guest house isn't really a part of the gathering, but I can't take any chances. Patience spent, I pull him back up to catch his mouth again and writhe and shift against him until he's on his side next to me. Then I can fumble the buttons of his jeans undone, stroke him through the thin cotton that stretches taut over his cock. "Want me to suck you?"

Surprisingly, Robert gives a quick shake of his head before claiming my mouth again, hard and demanding. His fingers yank at the button and fly on my jeans, tugging impatiently at the fabric until his fist is wrapped around my erection. The familiarity of it makes me groan, and I rock up into his fingers - rough, hot, tight - pulling his boxers out of the way and cupping the head of his cock in the palm of my hand, letting the proof of his arousal slick over my skin. I start to stroke him, long and slow, twisting my fingers a little as my hand glides back up to let