disappearing to usher the kids all outside. 

“Hey we’re ready for them now,” Louis says once he’s at the car window, hearing the puppies yap in excitement.

Jordie nods, getting out of the car and grabbing the carrier from the backseat, “They’ll love them, stop panicking,” Jordie says, her green eyes crinkling at the corners with her smile. “I don’t think I’ve ever met a child – or adult for that matter – who isn’t the least bit in love with a puppy.”

“How could you tell?” Louis asks, taking one of the carriers from Jordie’s hand.

Jordie cocks her eyebrow, “Darling I’m a grandmother, you think I don’t know nerves about gifts?”

Louis acts shocked, putting his free hand over his heart, “Jordie, you could not be a grandmother, you don’t look a single day over 25!”

Jordie gives him a smack on the arm, looking over to where Zayn is waving the two of them inside.

 


*


 

To the girls’ credit, they keep their squeals in until all of the other kids have gone home. Louis doesn’t think he’s ever seen anyone as happy as the girls were to be handed over the tiny pups. In fact, he thinks they’re still deciding on names for them (although Nahla is absolutely set on Merida, after her favourite Disney character, while Marjana is still tossing up between Tiana and Mulan).

Louis has just tucked them in, their puppies curled up on the ends of their beds. Zayn is sitting up in bed, her hair back in a messy bun as she reads the latest ‘Deadpool’ comic. She bookmarks the page (she’s honestly the only person he’s ever met who bookmarks comics) and smiles up at him. “Girls fall asleep well?”

“Yeah out like lights, took a while to convince them to let the puppies sleep, though,” he says, winking at her as he slips his shirt off, climbing into bed beside her.

“You know they’re basically going to be our responsibility though, yeah?” Zayn says, turning on her side to face Louis.

“Oh, yeah,” Louis nods, smirking, “at least they’re cute though.”

“Mm, you know I got you some gifts too?”

Louis arches his eyebrow, sitting up straight, “Where?”

Zayn giggles, rolling away from Louis to dig through her nightstand. Once she surfaces, she dumps a lot of… sex toys onto the bed between them. Louis’ eyes widen as he looks through them, most noticeable being the strap on and anal vibrator. “Fuck,” he mumbles, picking up the ‘Hot ‘N’ Cold’ lube to inspect it closer, “For me?”

“Well, for us. So we can do more of that stuff with your arse,” Zayn winks at him, picking up the prostate massager Louis had been pointedly ignoring. “If you want to, like, don’t think I’m forcing it on you because I bought it.”

Louis shakes his head. “No, I definitely want to try it,” he licks his lips, “when did you even have time to buy this stuff?

“Why do you think I made you organise the puppies with Jordie?” Zayn leans in to kiss him. “Next time the kids are out we can try some, yeah?” 

Louis nods, kissing her again. “No questions about it.”

 


*


 

It’s not like Louis isn’t usually up at 8.10 anyway, but when he’s awoken by this text from Harry 


Harry Styles – 8.03am

Hey Louis, it’s Harry! How are you this beautiful morning? I hope you and Zayn are well ha-ha. I’m just texting because Caroline, Leif and I are heading to Legoland in Windsor for the long weekend, and we were wondering if Nahla and Marjana would be interested, if that’s alright with the two of you. Please get back soon, love Harry, Caroline, Leif, and Bono the dog (lol) xx.


It’s safe to say he’s going to be grumpy. He groans, reads it again, and groans some more. He honestly just can’t be bothered with Harry’s super dad-like messages, more-so before his first cuppa of the morning. He types out an ‘ok I’ll talk to Z when she wakes up J’ in response, hoping that Harry will understand the passive aggressiveness of the smiley face – it’s wishful thinking, he knows, but he still holds hope for Harry, even after all these years (even after he named his daughter Leif). 


Harry Styles – 8.06am

Hello Louis, we’ll be waiting on your reply with bated breath! [fingers crossed emoji] Love you and the girls. Haz xx


Louis swears his eye is twitching. Nobody can be that thick, can they? Is that possible? He takes a deep breath and