said and smiled professionally at him. "I want a black coffee and a cappuccino, please", I added as if I were just another costumer ordering coffee after eight.

Draco looked at me a bit taken aback.

"Tired this morning, I s'ppose", he said as he noted my order on the cashing machine.

"What?" I asked. He looked up from the machine to look at me with teasing eyes and an equally teasing smile.

He told me the price and I handed him the money. "You ordered two coffees, or had you planned on giving one of them to someone special?" he joked, eyes twinkling and the smirk was back.

"Yeah actually", I said and he chuckled.

"But I like the latte more", he said and started setting off working on the coffees.

"Well, I know, but it's for Ginny", I said.

He froze for a couple of seconds before he returned to the coffees.

"Everything going well between you then, I presume?" he asked, clearly uncomfortable with the topic. Maybe he hoped I would tell him that... Actually I have no idea what he could hope to hear me say about Ginny and my relationship other than it not going well.

"She's pregnant", I said and the paper cup containing the black coffee fell to the floor. The liquid poured out from the damaged cup and smeared out on the floor while Draco just stood completely frozen.

"Are you okay", I asked him, staring at his back, hoping he had't accidentally burned himself.

His trans was broken as he turned around to face me. Draco picked up the cup from the floor and threw it at me.

"Get the fuck out!" He screamed, his eyes big, bright and red. His jaw tense and his nostrils flared. He looked at me as if he would've murdered me if he could.

"I've always been married", I whispered to keep the privacy of our conversation . "It still didn't bother you the other night". I repeated the same thing he had told me yesterday. It seemed to make him even angrier.

"Fuck you!" he spat.

"You'd like that wouldn't you", I yelled back, feeling my own temper rising. Suddenly our conversation wasn't private anymore.

"You're choosing her, aren't you", he said. It wasn't a question, just a mere statement. I ran my hand over my face and through my hair.

"I'm sorry but this has to stop", I whispered, leaning towards him. We had already attracted the attention of the few costumers that were already in the shop. "Let us please act like adults in this so please calm down."

"You're telling me to act like an adult? You were the one telling me your wife is pregnant over a cup of coffee, literally over a cup off coffee!"

"Maybe it wasn't as smart a plan as I thought but..."

"No it wasn't."

Draco had calmed down now and I had, too. Obviously it hadn't gone fairly as well as I had hoped it would.

"If you tell me this has to stop, then when you go, don't expect me to take you back when you feel like it", he said, as if I was the one going to his workplace to fuck him against the door to his office.

"Give me my order and then you won't have to see me again", I said and sent him a reassuring smile.

Chapter 9

"What do you think about Elsa, if it's a girl?"

"I don't know, I've always planned on naming my daughter Lily", I answered. "You know after my mother".

Me and Ginny were waiting in the waiting room in the hospital for our appointment, I found the sofas to be quite comfortable but Ginny didn't seem to agree. She had spent the last couple of minutes complaining about her arse falling asleep and such. The only subject we could talk about that put her mind away from her numbing arse was our child.

I was going to be a father.

Remus had lent me one of his cardigans to show his support. He told me he had worn the same cardigan when he and Sirius were to meet Natalia for the first time. And after that Remus was silent, the thought probably made him think about something sad.

Oh, I almost forgot to mention. Remus came knocking on our door two days ago, wanting to stay the night. He told me that Sirius wanted to be alone and Remus wanted to give him space, to sort things out alone and that when he was ready Remus would be happy to come home. It's been almost two weeks now since Sirius and Remus found out about Teddy. I haven't asked Remus what he is planning to do with Teddy now that he knows he has a son. A biological son.

I haven't asked yet. It feels