an arm around his neck in a loose headlock and pulls him along in his wake. Benny and Ash fall alongside them.

"Come on, NerdAngel. We're about to play that game of hacky sack you own me."

"Man, what was that about?" Ash asks, looking back over his shoulder at the way the pack of football players went.

"Nothin'." Dean swats his free hand at Benny's arm, smirking. "Just asshole jocks."

"Hey! Watch it. I saved your ass." Benny smacks him back in the gut.

"I can save my own ass, thank you very much." Dean lets him go to have their friendly scuffle until Benny has to say goodbye to meet up with the rest of the team.

Ten minutes later and students are still milling around while the last of the classes file in. The disorganized group of teachers and guidance counselor's that have nominated themselves as "School Spirit Leaders" are at one end of the basketball court with a podium. They have the cheerleaders and all the jocks sitting along the bottom row of the closest bleachers.

Castiel is currently at the complete opposite end of the gym with all those people he used to turn up his nose at. All the people with flamboyantly-colored hair and piercings, clothing pieced together with safety pins and baggy jeans. Backpacks with writing, patches and stickers litter the ground around them. They're all there and he's right in the middle of them with Dean across from him. And he's completely happy there.

Hacky sack is a stupid game. He has no coordination for it, but Dean still lets him play. Well, makes him play but after what he'd just done for him, Castiel wasn't complaining too hard. Dean only gave him one unhelpful rule, don't use your hands, before throwing the ball up and kicking it his way. Predictably, it hadn't gone well but it was something to do rather than think about everyone that was probably talking about the little show he'd been a part of. People had to be whispering all over the gym by now about it and it helped to just focus on trying to keep a stupid small beanbag ball moving like Dean showed him. He might even allow a nervous laugh once or twice.

Charlie pops up to his left right after he kicks it way too hard towards Ash. "Dude."

"I'm sorry, Dean is making me play," he says grimacing.

When Dean just laughs, Ash holds the ball between his feet before spinning around while jumping mid air to send it hurling towards him. Okay, that was a little impressive.

"What's this I'm hearing about a jock showdown over you?!" Charlie practically punches him in the arm to get his attention.

Castiel blushes but shrugs, trying to predict when the ball will come to him.

"I'm late for five minutes and I miss Dean totally rescuing you like a damsel? Sucky History strikes again. Jacobs needs to turn her hearing aid up. I missed everything!"

Frowning at her, he says, "I am not a damsel."

Dean knocks the ball towards him and it bounces off his shoulder. He directs his frown to him but he just smirks. "Pay attention, Damsel."

Pamela comes close to put an arm around Dean's neck and lays her head on his shoulder. "Yes, what a brave boy you are. Heroes deserve prizes, Baby."

He laughs, not doing anything to discourage her practically hanging on him.

"You okay?" Charlie asks a little lower.

"Fine," he says distractedly. "Why wouldn't I be?" Castiel presses his lips, kicking up the ball and in a surprisingly well-aimed hit, getting Dean right on the chin.

"Pay attention," he says innocently, tilting his head.  

"Hey, not bad," Ash pats him on the arm.

Dean raises an eyebrow but moves out from under her arm. "Come on, let's find some seats. Hopefully they get this crap over with quick."

"Cheerleaders being cheery is never crap," Charlie pushes him aside to walk by, pretending she's offended.

Dean rolls his eyes and pockets the ball, following her to the corner of the bleachers his friends had saved. Castiel falls in line behind him going up the stairs, momentarily pleased that Pamela has to find a seat above them since Dean sat next to Charlie and he followed to sit at his other side. A few others, Castiel's beginning to know by sight, wave or say hey and he nods in return. It's odd but it's starting to feel a little comfortable here amongst them.

The Vice Principal laughingly apologizes into the mic for the delay and begins by repeating the announcement about where to buy tickets for the game and dance. After a few other preliminary words and introductions, the cheer captain calls the rest of the squad up to do some pre-planned presentation.

Dean whispers, eyes on the cheerleaders, "So why'd jockstrap start roughing