here!”

                To her credit, her husband looks exactly the same as I remembered too, even though it’s been five years since we met. He reacts exactly as I thought he would, too. “It’s you! It’s actually you! You’re still alive!”

                “Yes, I—”

                “Did you get lost?! Were you stranded on an island for five years and just got rescued by a pirate ship!? Or did the turtle take you the Dragon King’s palace where five minutes equals five days and five days equals five years?!”

                “I don’t think the math works that way… And actually I drifted on the lake for a few hours before a Swedish boat picked me up.”

                “…Then why did you wait so long?” His gaze is suddenly serious, and hard. I take that back—five years does make a difference. As does becoming a father. “Five years, Richard. Five years is a long time… Especially to a young lady.”

                I smile bitterly. “I know. How’s she… how are you all doing?”

                “We’re fine, as you can see.” DT puts an arm around his wife’s shoulders proudly. “A boy, a girl, and another on the way.”

                “Congratulations,” I say, sincerely. “And the doctor?”

                “…He died. Not long after that incident.”

                “I see.”

                The silence drags on uncomfortably. I do feel bad about Regent, but that’s not what I really meant to ask about, and both of us know that.

                “…She’s still as active as ever. Treasure hunting, grave robbing, Robin Hood-ing and all that.”

                I feel a weight lifted off my chest, just as the mention of her wraps a chain around my heart. “You sound busy. How do you manage to juggle all that as well as your family and the restaurant?”

                He gives me a strange look. “I’m a full-on family man now. I stopped being her partner years ago.” Then he grins. “Lucky for you, though, I do know where to find her as of right now.”

 

I stand outside the large mansion, fancy invitation in hand, and feel even more helpless than I did standing outside the restaurant I hired hit men to destroy five years ago.

                Of course I never forgot that, treasure hunter or not, she still belonged to an affluent upper class society, but whatever I remembered of her was just the opposite of ‘ball gowns’, and ‘masquerade dinner parties’.

                I take the silver mask the waiter hands me, feeling foolish in my traveler’s clothes.

                The party hall is huge and crowded with rich people in expensive clothes, exchanging ‘how are you’s and fake laughter. For a second there I’m struck by a sudden fear, that she would’ve changed so much over the past five years that I wouldn’t be able to recognize her—but then the crowd seems to split, and there she is, right there.

                She’s taller than I remembered, more graceful. Dressed in a Cinderella gown, chatting amiably with a gentleman in a suit. I feel more self-conscious than ever, which is ridiculous—I never cared a day in my life what I wore, or how I looked, but now I just wish I could sink into a lake. But while my mind is paralyzed, my feet move on my own—

                And before I know it, I’m standing in front of her, face to face.

                Well, not really. Half of her face is covered by her mask, and what little I can see reflects the five years that has passed. My throat feels dry as I struggle to find the words to say, and the first thing that leaves my tongue is,

                “…You’re not a brat anymore.”

                She cocks her head. “I was never a brat, Richard.”

                “You… recognize me?”

                “Has anyone ever told you you have very recognizable eyes?”

                “It runs in the family.”

                “Do disappearing acts run in the family too?”

                “Not really, no.”

                “Good. Then the chances are I’ll like your family more than I like you.”

                I clear my throat. “Graves, I… You… You’ve… changed.”

                “Well, you haven’t.”

                “No, I haven’t.” I smile self-deprecatingly.  “You’ve grown. Taller.” And more mature, and more graceful. She’s a woman now, and I miss the girl who would run across Germany with a stranger in a black uniform.

                “Idiot. It’s just these stupid heels. Speaking of which…” She stamps her four-inch heels into my foot. “I never got you back for hurting my feet five years ago.”

                I wince through the pain, but know better than to protest. “O-okay… so we’re even now?” Though I just realized that I wouldn’t mind being in her