, are you insinuating that I've committed some sort of crime? Pray tell, what crime would that be?"

"You've kidnapped my son, locked me up in this dark room, not to mention all the forged evidence you've used in the past twenty-five years. These are your crimes, Manfred von Karma." Gregory glowers, the lines in his face settling angrily. Maybe Gregory does actually care about his son after all.

Gregory is wrong, of course. Manfred hasn't kidnapped anyone's sons, or locked anyone, let alone Gregory Edgeworth, in any manner of dark rooms. Maybe Gregory is right about the forged evidence, but he doesn't need to know that. The crime that Manfred is guilty of is murder, but there is no need for Gregory to know that either. It is much more convenient if he doesn't, for now.

"Even if I had committed these foolish crimes, which I assure you, I have not, what are you planning to do about it, Gregory Edgeworth?"

"I'll reveal you for the monster that you really are."

Manfred's question is simple. "How?"

"Any way I can," Gregory answers, and Manfred can see the determination burning in his eyes. It's such a shame, really.

"I'm afraid that's not possible, Gregory Edgeworth." Manfred's voice is not sorry at all.

"Well, yes, I'll have to get out of this room first, but I assure you, that once I do that, Manfred von Karma, that I will not rest until you get what's coming to you."

"You will not 'rest', hmm?" Manfred ponders. "That is an interesting choice of words. I don't think you'll be able to do anything but rest, personally, for the rest of your eternal existence."

He didn't know it was possible, but Gregory's face turns even paler. "What do you mean?"

It's time, Manfred thinks to himself. "It's not your son who's dead, Gregory. It's you." Manfred takes great interest in seeing Gregory's face fall, his mouth fall open, his arms and legs tremble until he loses his balance and flops back to the floor. His eyes have taken back their initial dazed focus. It is the stance of a man completely shattered, and it is utterly brilliant. "Do you see now, Gregory Edgeworth, than there is nothing that you can do?"

"If you hurt him…" Gregory's sentence lingers off in the air, and Manfred finishes it for him.

"There's nothing that you can do about it."

Gregory looks at the floor; Manfred is delighted to see that Gregory is ashamed. "I've failed him."

"There you go with your foolish assumptions again," Manfred mocks, and Gregory's head snaps back up. "Why would I want to hurt your son?"

There's a glint in Gregory's eyes now; he pushes his glasses back up his nose; Manfred can see the sweat glistening on the former defense attorney's face. "I ruined your perfect record, Manfred von Karma, and you will never forget that."

"So you are suggesting that I'm the type of man to extract my revenge on innocent young boys, are you, Gregory? You may be such a coward, but I am not."

There is a sliver of understanding reflecting in Gregory's eyes now. "So, you say that I'm dead, and somehow, I'm communicating with you. Then…it was you that killed me."

"You're not as slow on the uptake as I thought you would be." Gregory has to understand, because if he does not, then the full impact of their little conversation is lost.

"You disgust me."

Manfred doesn't respond to that. It's even less hurtful than childish name-calling. "Be that as it may, there is still nothing that you can do about it."

"If I'm here talking to you," Gregory muses, "then maybe someone else from the living world will talk to me, and ask me who murdered me. Then I will name you, Manfred von Karma."

"What makes you think that?" Manfred is curious now; maybe Gregory isn't as intelligent as he thought. Maybe Gregory still doesn't see the disadvantage he is placed under.

"I do not let murderers go free."

"Yet, you are a piece-of-scum defense attorney. If you were really interested in the conviction of murderers, you would be a prosecutor." Gregory stares at him blankly, and Manfred has to repress a sigh. It seems as though Gregory still needs another hint. "This is something I wish to teach your brat."

Gregory finally understands: He is dead, and he cannot save his son from Manfred. "No. You're wrong, von