still amongst the ordered chaos of the crowd. He is reminded of sunlight and fallen leaves. The ultimatum.

She doesn’t know yet, he realizes. She’s probably on the airplane home. To Russia. Back home to Bossard, the man who could give her what he could not.

He hangs his head in despair and shame. He has not won. The real prize is unattainable. For that war, he has lost. Love is a much harder game to play.

As the blood rushes to his head, he thinks of love, and wonders if he has played it wrong all this time. A flash. Someone has caught the single tear falling down his cheek. They will think it is of joy. Of triumph. When really, it is a drop of frustration and regret that he has not tried harder, or did his best.

He pumps his fist into the air above him, holds it steady for a few heartbeats. The crowd jumps.

At least he has given her some poetic justice.

*****

It has been three months since his success. She hasn’t contacted him since.

He imagines her merriment in their home in Russia. Perhaps she is with child already, and is too embarrassed to tell him about it. Perhaps they are getting married, and are too afraid of inviting him.

He growls lowly, holding his head in his hands.

So much for an ultimatum.

*****

After five months, she finally works up the courage to pick up the phone.

She talks slower, he notices. Much more articulate and sharp. The chirp has been lost. There is no trace of laughter in her voice. He wonders what has been done to her. Or what she has done to herself. He curses inwardly. Maybe it is his fault.

Their conversation is short and concise. He asks the questions, she gives the answers. She asks none, he presses for more. He wants to know how she’s been doing. How they’ve been doing. When he might see her again.

But she’s ended the call before she could give him the one answer he’s needed all this time.

A scream tears through the silence of his home. The U.S. Open is in a few weeks. He has to start training. Become better. Stronger.

Because maybe he’ll see her there. And he can’t lose her this time around. Whatever it takes, he will bring back the spark she has lost.

*****

She is there on the practice courts, returning the ball with determination and focus. He knows that look so well. She is set to win.

But then his eye catches on her. Her hair is duller, flatter, and deader. Her amber eyes are now vacuous and half-lidded, as if her soul had been sucked out of her. He dares to think how she will react to him.

He swallows his pain, shrugs his bag closer to him, and walks on.

He doesn’t see her lingering gaze on his departing form.

He doesn’t see her curling into a tight ball and burying her head into her arms as her shoulders shuddered with her sobs.

*****

The next time he sees her, it is at the awards ceremony. A bit of her fire has rekindled after her triumph, and he is so happy, his heart leaps with joy at the sight of her smiling face. She is so beautiful yet so unreachable. A star amongst the dark, night sky.

He stands next to her, electricity flowing between them, inching his hand closer to hers. He takes up his trophy. She takes up hers. They share a fleeting glance, and he sees what could have been.

Her stare is still on him. He feels it as the back of his neck tickles with the sensation of someone watching his every move. Familiar eyes. Golden like illuminated autumn. Bright flashes surround the both of them.

He remembers the times they’ve spent laughing together.

Fuck it, he tells himself. I’ll give it one last shot.

*****

He confronts her at the party and takes her to a private corner, isolated from the world.

Surprisingly, her boyfriend is missing from the scene. But he stopped reading magazines and articles a while ago. At some point, he had to stop caring. He had to move on. But when she answered the phone, his hopes had been steadily increasing.

“Petra,” he says timidly. It’s been too long. He doesn’t know how to behave. Or act. She’s looking at him, though. She is not repulsed or intimidated. He relaxes slightly.

“Captain,” she flashes him a smile. His wings have been singed a bit. Mustn’t fly too close. “Listen…I’m—"

He can’t contain himself.

He crashes his lips onto hers, burying his fingers into her short, silky hair. She is holding on to his head, running her hands over his neck. She is returning his urgency. She’s been craving for