fuck you until you can't breathe. Say the words, out loud."

She paused, her back against the cross and the lines burned against it. "It's just, Giles..."

"Oh, right, Watcher has a bit of a crush on his Slayer, doesn't he. And I bet you two have been dancing around it for all this time." He paused, then the light bulb clicked on. "I understand. You're worried the old man won't remember having his fill if I get to you first. You're worried wanting me means you don't want him. Do I have that right, love?"

"He said he doesn't love me."

"Don't be stupid. Of course he loves you."

"I meant he's not in love with me."

"Everything he does says he's in love with you. Except leaving you alone with me. That doesn't say much for him."

"Ripper, tell me."

"You first, love."

"Alright." Her eyes were hard when she looked at him, deciding at last what she really wanted after all this time. "What you did for me, with the whip, I'll remember it for a long time to come. It felt amazing, to be free of this need to feel pain. You understood that but kissing Giles burned in a way you can't imagine. Sure, I want you. I want you so much I can't even see straight. And yet, I think about it and I'd rather it was him and not you."

Ripper turned his head away, knowing she'd spoken the truth finally. Somewhere inside the old man must have been jumping with joy because the body slumped into the chair with a sigh of resignation. He looked at her and lit another cigarette.

"Shall I tell you about the demon now? There isn't much to tell."

"Gorgolek." he started. She managed to nod. He continued. "I made a deal with him, a contract. I offered him something I never knew I'd have for something I very much wanted. The power you saw."

"What did you offer him?"

"My future."

When Giles forced his way back to the surface he was alone in the room. He sat in the metal chair, remembering, keenly aware of everything he'd done. He relived every moment and memorized every word between them and she wanted him! He didn't know how to feel about that. He wanted her, too, but every thought in his heart screamed that it was wrong of him to want his young Slayer. Sighing, he went to put out the candles and traveled home. When he got there Ethan was on his couch, waiting, and to Gile's great relief, bound and gagged. Apparently Xander and Willow had grown sick of him sometime in the night.

Ethan's eyes bore into his through the dim light and the Watcher relented, but not without some lingering sense of cruelty. He ripped the gag from his mouth and untied the man from his chair. Ethan stood and stretched as Giles went to travel upstairs. "Good for the help, Ripper." he sighed as he pulled his hands over his head. The Watcher paused and looked at him. "Oh, do come off it, you twat. You're only here because my Slayer is a true hero and I won't break her promise. But if you get in my way at any point, I will kill you myself." Ripper's words, his mouth, not good. He felt dizzy. "I'm going to have a lie down now so do take care to be quiet."

His dreams that night danced between dangerous and erotic. He thrashed in his sleep, torn somewhere between giving in and trying to break away. The last thing he remembered before drifting into a dreamless sleep was Buffy's form beneath him, begging him to take her. He shuddered in relief and slept the rest of the night on that fantasy alone.

In the morning his outlook was brighter. The sun streamed through the windows on either side of his bed. When he dressed he even had a slight pep in his step. Anytime he closed his eyes he saw his Slayer again, asking for him. He heard her admitting it was his kiss that made her wanting. He went downstairs and woke Ethan, who rolled off the couch with a satisfying "plop" onto the wooden floor. He bolted up from sleep after that and Giles was even so gracious as to ask if he wanted a cup of tea. They sat in silence a short time later, sipping tea as if they were the old friends they were supposed to be. Ethan was the first to speak.

"So, you showed her your deep, repressed little secret, did you?"

Green eyes fixed themselves on Ethan and he cursed in his own mind. Of course it wouldn't be a secret from him. "Did you tell them