’s really opening up to what I believe.” Anwyn answered. “He still doesn’t always believe it himself but he respects my beliefs.”

“Well that’s an improvement, I guess.” She said, looking through the cupboards for something else. “Do you have any honey?”

“Oh, top cupboard on the right, I think it’s behind the coffee.” Anwyn pointed across to the correct cupboard.

“Ah, thanks.” Aiden said, taking the small jar and finding a spoon to add it to the teapot. “You guys are getting way serious. Are you thinking that this might be… you know… it?” Anwyn stared at her at a loss for words.

“I… I don’t think we’ve really thought about it, we just… are.” She replied, watching Aiden carry the teapot and the mugs over from the kitchen to the coffee table. “I mean, I love him, which is the idea, right?”

Aiden placed down the teapot before placing a mug in front of Anwyn and moving around to sit beside her. As soon as she sat, Anwyn leaned against her, allowing Aiden to put her arm around her. With one hand, Aiden lifted the teapot and poured it into Anwyn’s mug, causing plumes of water vapour to rise into the air.

“I’d say, yeah, it is the point. If you two are that serious about it, maybe you should start that conversation. Unless it’s you that doesn’t feel ready.” Aiden continued, pouring a mug for herself. The smell was intense as it drifted from the mugs, strong waves of peppermint and mild but sweet after effects of chamomile, all of which made Anwyn smile.

“I don’t know.” She said, leaning forward to pick up the tea. Holding the mug under her nose, she breathed in its wonderful aroma a little while longer before taking a sip. “I’m pretty happy how we are. If we’re doing so well, why change anything, you know?” Aiden nodded, placing her mug back down after taking her sip.

“I think that was a little too much peppermint.” Aiden said, pulling a face but Anwyn was unfazed. “Still, it’ll help… I just think that you should think about it. You never know, he might be thinking about it too.”

Anwyn’s friend was right. Spencer had been extremely excited when she moved in and ever since then they’d both spoken about how much the other meant to them. They’d spent time together and time apart and nothing seemed to change except how attached they’d gotten. Anwyn had gotten so comfortable with living with Spencer that she even let him talk to her while she was in the bathroom, something she considered strange but huge.

Another long sip of the tea rolled down her throat, warming her insides and calming the storm that raged in her stomach. Each sip seemed to quell the quarrel further.

“You’re right. You’re absolutely right, I just…” Anwyn placed the mug down on the coffee table, looking around at their things in the apartment. “It means that we’re a family, and other than his mom, my experiences of family are… not great.”

“Anwyn, it’s not like you’re moving to the suburbs to have two point four kids and buy a minivan. You’re just talking about what might be next when you are ready for the next step.” Aiden half laughed. “Hey, I don’t hate him that’s gotta be a good sign, right? I mean I haven’t even threatened him with violence since you guys did that break thing.” Anwyn chuckled, shaking her head at her friend.

“You’re terrible. Fine, I’ll talk to him about it, if it makes you that happy.” Suddenly, Anwyn felt a discomfort, moving her hands to her stomach as she closed her mouth to try not to throw up all over the coffee table.

“You ok?” Aiden looked concerned, leaning a little closer.

“I think I know what I need now.” Anwyn smiled and looked at Aiden. “We need chocolate, blankets and for Allison to pick up something from the video store on her way over.” Aiden chuckled to herself as she realised what she meant.

“Gunna be that bad is it?” She asked with a smile.

“Well, I’d kinda tried a few things to make my last one a lot easier to bare, you know, since we’d just moved in together. I think that the mother is gunna make me pay for it this time.” Aiden nodded, grabbing her phone from her pocket and speaking without looking at her friend.

“Well, at least we can rule out one cause.” She added, bringing up the messaging app.

“What’s that?” Anwyn asked.

“We can rule out the pitter patter effect.” Aiden turned to laugh at Anwyn who shoved her playfully.

“Just