a lot, Tucker’s seen Wash in action enough to know he’s probably more ripped than Tucker is or ever will be.   

It’s unusual to see Wash without all of his armor, and now there’s no face to distract Tucker from the rest of him. His eyes moved from Wash’s shoulders, to his arms, and then to the other firm muscles that Wash accumulated from years of working out. About as quickly as he gets stuck on that, the back and front of Wash’s torso pieces come off. 

Speculation’s over: the rest of him is just as hot as his face. Just his fucking luck. 

His back is broad and straight. It bends forward so Wash can unclasp the front from the bottom half of the armor, and his shoulder blades flex out when he does. He’s  military-grade muscle, taut, and worked, and cleaned out of crap food and bad habits that might cause sagging. 

Tucker tries to avoid Wash’s front either out of restraint or jealousy or both. The last thing he wants to think about is Wash’s probable hard pecs or taut frame. Curiosity wins out over embarrassment, however, and Tucker takes a glance despite himself. 

The sagging belly of Tuckers stomach grumbles in jealousy and shame to find Washington’s stomach isn’t just flat, or fit, but fucking chiseled. He doesn’t even suck his gut in like Tucker does. Probably hasn’t for years. Tucker’s somewhere between embarrassed for himself and wondering how much time and effort it took Wash to get a body like that. 

Through all this staring, Tucker’s actually confused as to why he does it so much, and it’s the confusion that makes him not wanna say shit. He’s not turned on or pining, he just…. likes looking at Wash. Likes watching him move and not move and just kinda…. exist. He likes Wash’s face. He likes it a lot.  

….Alright, well, maybe looking at Wash’s face isn’t gay, but the way Tucker’s looking at Wash’s everything else might be a little gayer than he originally thought. It’s not a bad thing, Tucker’s got an eye for hot people, and if the hot person’s a dude then really, who cares, they’re hot. But fuck, how deep does this shit go? How much staring-at-Wash time does Tucker need to put in before earning his gay badge?  

And what, exactly, kind of gay badge is it? Is this an, “I think you’re hot in the way I wanna be hot,” kind of gay or, “I wanna put my dick in your butt,” gay or, “I wanna do romantic shit and maybe put my dick in your butt if you’re okay with it,” kind of gay, or… wait, which one’s gay again? 

"Hey, Tucker." A call jerks him back with a healthy kick to his heart, forcing him to break from his ogling. Wash pulls his head out of his helmet (finally) and sets it to the side. And, bam, there’s Wash’s face, in the gorgeous fucking glory Tucker gets hung up on every time he sees it - and right now isn’t any different.  ”Can you give me a hand?” 

—- 

Okay, maybe he’s a lot gay for Wash, but the nerve-wracking thing is it’s only Wash, and it’s only Tucker that seems to notice stuff like that. Which either means Wash isn’t as hot as Tucker thinks (which isn’t true, he totally is), and he’s thirstier now than when he was in that stupid alien desert, or Wash is hot and everyone else in this fucking canyon thinks so, too. But what’s he gunna do, go around and ask the Reds or Caboose if Wash is hot or not? Fuck that. 

He’ll take the second explanation, thanks… he won’t actually do it, but he’ll take that explanation over the first one because Lavernius Tucker does not pine.

"Last lap, Private!" A familiar voice says and a panting, tired Tucker jogs on, seeing the approaching object of internal frustration. 

"Dude," The word is forced out with a heavy pant. "My nips,"  he inhales as he stumbles past, "can’t take this." 

"I’ll get you nipple covers." Did Wash just laugh? Oh, fuck Wash, fuck Wash hard. He tried to hide it, but Tucker heard it. Dick. ”Just finish this lap.” With that, Washington leaves his line of sight completely, and Tucker pushes forward with a swear. 

‘Finish this lap,’ fucking sure, says the guy not doing any laps. He should say that if this exact circumstance ever comes up again, and if he ever remembers this. 

But anyway, Lavernius Tucker does not pine, as he said