if you stay there without a shirt, though." Kyungsoo was sleepy. He went to bed late, since he had stayed up writing, and all he wanted was to go back to sleep. They hadn't seen each other in a week, because of jongin's packed schedule, and the bed was warm and cozy.

"Don't be so cranky. It's snowing! It's like every problem in the world is fixed. Everything looks so white and peaceful from up here."

"If you let me sleep another hour, we can go to the park and play."

"Well, snuggling next to you doesn't sound so bad either." Jongin jumped back in bed, earning a yell from Kyungsoo and a welcome back kiss.

 

They were out in the park, the snow falling all around them. It looked like a scene from a movie, with an extremely attractive main actor, Kyungsoo thought. That is, if the main actor of that movie would run like a child on the snow. It was everywhere - their hair, their coats, on the ground. The world was really cold and still. Well, that was a given, since they were the only two souls alive stupid enough to leave the warmth of their homes when it's snowing. Seeing the smile on Jongin's face, Kyungsoo didn't really mind, though.

"Hey, what are you looking at? Come here, let's play!" Jongin was now attempting to build a snowman. The smile on his face could blind anyone passing by. Kyungsoo still wasn't used to it, even after a whole year of their relationship.

"You know," he chuckled. " that you look like a little kid, right?"

"Oh, yeah? Do I? Mr. I'm Too Grown Up To Play On Snow. I bet you don't know what you look like."

"Me?" that made Kyungsoo curious. "What do I look like? And don't just make up anything to get back at me."

"Like a cat. " he said it with a grin, still not looking up. Apparently snowman-building was a pretty serious business. "A black cat walking on the white snow."

"What?"  He didn't get it. At all.  What could he possibly have in common with a cat?

"Well, you know," he now looked up, talking with his 'I'm explaining something very relevant' voice. As if the bastard wasn't adorable enough already. "how you never wear anything but black. And you're very silent, and elegant. And everything's completely white now, so the contrast looks pretty. And when you walk, and stand, you really remind me a lot of a cat. A stray I wouldn't mind taking home."

Kyungsoo felt himself blush.  He really was something, Jongin. He could make just about anything sound like poetry, if he tried hard enough. And he was trying. Kyungsoo could tell.

"Let me help save that snowman from being banned from the snowland. You know, right now it looks so ugly they wouldn't let him in. He'd have to stay outside and melt to death."
"Hey! You shouldn't say stuff like that. You'll break my heart."

"Never.  You're way too tough for that."

***

Kyungsoo was busy writing when he heard a melodic hum. Chanyeol had come to his house, since he had cooked a lasagna last night: it was too much for him to eat alone and Jongin wouldn't be home until the weekend. After they ate lunch, they discussed the storyline and each one started their own work, immersed on their laptops. That was, until that very moment.

It was a soft tune, and when he looked up he could see Chanyeol typing and singing. Kyungsoo himself was too easily distracted to be able to multitask like that, but Chanyeol, surprisingly, seemed to be good at it. He was singing something about a faraway land, full of gold and treasures. A nice song, that showed his deep voice well.

After listening for a while, he got back to his work. When Chanyeol stopped singing, though, he found himself wishing for more.

***

A loud screech pierced Kyungsoo's apartment - a very unhappy one, at that.

"What is it? What happened? Is it a cockroach?" Jongin came rushing to the living room, where Kyungsoo stood staring at a corner.

"The flowers."

"What?"

"The flowers, Jongin." he was speaking on a low voice. "The ones we bought three weeks ago."

"...Oh. I had forgotten about that."

"Yeah. Me too."

 


They were on their way home on lazy sunday afternoon. Jongin had spent the whole lunch talking about how great it would be if they got a dog, but Kyungsoo was against it. Too much responsibility, he said. They were passing in front of a flower shop when he had an