. Like the musical, it was overly dramatic for no good reason and too complicated. Unlike the musical, this wasn’t inconsequential. It was what meant at least a few years of Mira being miserable for tax breaks.

“That Desirée DeLite sure is a wild woman. She probably should have grown up by now. She’s what, thirty-seven? Thirty-eight? I don’t remember how old your mother said she was, but she should try and act her age.”

Lukle nodded absentmindedly. She didn’t care either way how Desirée acted, so long as she was happy. Lukle wondered what was happening in Luke’s dressing room. It was probably Luke spending twenty minutes looking in the mirror to make sure he looked perfect and Duke’s friends cracking jokes about how horrible women were. Lukle didn’t know if Duke would make that kind of joke, but she wouldn’t put it past his friends.

“Poor, poor Mira. Marrying a murderer. As if the rest of her life wasn’t such a disaster from the minute Luke stepped into her life.” Verity shook her head. “Why couldn’t she have snapped to her senses before it was too late?”

There was nothing to do but stand around watching Desirée and Mira joking around. Despite this, Lukle tried to connect with Verity, angrily muttering things about how “my sister is the most important person in my life, and she’s been stepped on” and “Luke took her future away”. She backed away uncomfortably at “Mira was never meant to be a mother” and waited patiently for Mira’s father to poke his head in and tell them it was “showtime”.

 

Lukle adjusted herself to stand up straight as the crowd of guests watching slowly stopped talking and the last notes of Canon in D faded out. She wished that the wedding didn’t have to be held during the evening. A sunset wedding was romantic and made for great pictures, but it also meant that gnats and mosquitoes were active.

Luke was enthusiastic about being in front of any crowd, and flashed a million-dollar-smile at the assortment of Luke’s extended family and Mira’s co-workers. Mira, however, stood stiffly at the makeshift “alter” and looked like she was weighing the pros and cons of running away.

The minister, an exhausted old man, began to speak. “Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today…”

Lukle blocked out the minister and scanned the guests. She spotted Laura, already trying not to cry, and Drake, checking his watch. They were sitting next to a few men Lukle didn’t recognize, slumped over and clearly bored out of their skulls. Duke invited a couple of his friends without Father’s permission, didn’t he? I bet that’s them. She swatted at a round yellow ladybug that had landed on her arm and hoped that nobody noticed.

“Luke Narcissus Atmey, do you take Mira Edith May to be your lawfully wedded wife? Do you promise to love her, comfort her…”

Lukle finally found the DeLites, tucked away in the far back. She saw Ron and his signature red buns. He was dressed in what was almost definitely the Mask☆DeMasque costume, minus the mask, hat, and brooch. I mean, it works, Lukle thought. It’s pretty fancy. Ron watched Luke and Mira intently, refusing to look away for a second. Giselle, on the other hand, was exactly as enthusiastic on the outside as Lukle was on the inside. She pulled out her phone for a second, but Ron gave Giselle the closest he could get to a stern look and made her put it back in her purse.

“…as long as you live?”

“I do,” Luke replied almost instantly. Desirée couldn’t hide the frown spreading on her face. Lukle watched Luke shoot Desirée a quick glare before smiling at Mira.

“And Mira Edith May, do you take Luke Narcissus Atmey to be your lawfully wedded husband? Do you promise to love him…”

Desirée looked like she was about to explode, Ron was still staring transfixed at Luke and Mira, and Giselle was huddled up next to Ron, very much disinterested. Luke elbowed Duke and whispered “You’re slouching”, but Duke didn’t bother to fix his posture.

Mira hesitated for a second before sighing and giving a defeated “I do”, earning a few chuckles from the spectators. She faked a smile before holding Luke’s hand.

Lukle thought about Luke and Mira’s less than happy relationship, and about her and Peter. Was this what was in store for her future, a life of unhappiness in the world of relationships? But then she thought of Giselle, her hair done up in a beautiful style, and was, despite everything, eternally thankful for her bisexuality-or-lesbianism.

 

The Handsome Stallion Country Club was, as far as places to hold wedding receptions went, classy enough for Luke’s liking. There was enough open space to move around, enough tables to hold everyone,