up, faster and faster. Tsuyu was moving, pushing into him, kissing harder and breathing harder with each exchange, and letting him catch up. Each breath felt like an acceleration. Tsuyu’s tongue, or at least, the first dozen or so centimeters of it, was in his mouth, rolling around his own and probing every inch of its insides, over teeth and gums, until it was basically penetrating his throat, and he was sucking it, with drool running down his chin.

“Wow,” he said, feeling the drool on his lips. “Tsuyu-chan, you’re really lewd.”

She giggled a little, her intense satisfaction with him brimming the surface. She ran a finger across his shirt. “Can I see you naked?” she asked, her tone happy and greedy-sounding. Izuku obliged her, pulling his shirt up over his head, and she undid the buttons on his shorts and slid them, boxers included, off of him with impressive speed. She towered over him, drinking in the sight of his chest and trunk and crotch before laying atop him and kissing him again, traveling down his neck to his chest and nipples, the soft fabric of her sweater against his bare skin. Izuku let out a moan as she caressed across almost his whole upper body, and she giggled, showing her tongue. With her hips in the air and her mouth to his chest, her sweater bunched up and fell lazily around her as she licked at him, revealing a pair of black panties and her wriggling hindquarters. Eventually, she peeled the sweater off, showing off her teardrop breasts, with tiny, dark nipples.

“Izuku-chan, could you stand up?”

“Y-yeah.”

She met him with another deep, throat-tickling kiss, and pushed him backwards until his back struck the wall with a soft thud. He felt her chest with one hand while she moaned, grinding her crotch up and down the knee he was using to steady himself, leaving a damp smear. Tsuyu reached down with one hand and felt how hard he was with a cursory, loose squeeze.

“Can I blow you? I’ll probably be good at it,” she smirked, spooling out a length of pink tongue and waggling it in front of him. Izuku gave a fast nod, more or less the first time he’d shown real, outward excitement toward a partner tonight.

She dropped to her knees and put his cock in her mouth. The first several strokes were mostly all the inside of her mouth, but slowly, surely, her tongue furled around him, snaking down the shaft and coming to rest under his balls. The sensation was warm, slick, squeezing from all angles, and as much as he attempted to stifle his moaning, she coaxed it, swaggeringly, from deep in his chest, and gave a little raspy giggle when he gave a full-body shudder, or let his eyes roll back.

“Jeez, Tsuyu-chan,” he laughed, abashed at how forward and intense she was, her technique oddly astounding him. “You’re really g-good at this… is it really your first time?”

“Is it really yours?” she riposted, before going back down on him.

The feeling went rollicking over him as she kept going, her intensity unabated.

“Tsuyu-chan…”

He had surfaced so fast, the stimulus was crazing his senses. It was as if his climax was ripped from him, the orgasm white-hot and wracking his body with aftershocks, both of his hands dug deep into Tsuyu’s hair as he exploded in her mouth. His organ rippled softly, pumping against Tsuyu’s tongue, which wrapped around him like a morning glory on a streetlamp. The cum dribbling from the tip of his dick slowed to a runny trickle, and Tsuyu swallowed the considerable amount in her mouth with an audible gulp. An expression of grading its taste went flitting across her expression, although she opted not to add any verbal commentary.

Izuku physically felt his vision blur slightly, and he swayed, and in response to this, Tsuyu hopped up and steadied him.

“Are you okay, Izuku?”

“…holy shit, Tsuyu.”

Kyouka was breathing heavily as she listened. Ochako was too, her face red from ear to ear.

“I think they’re slowed down for now,” said Kyouka. “Wow, though.”

“That was really graphic. Um, well, really graphic sounding,” said Ochako, removing Kyouka’s jack from her ear.

“Yeah,” said Mina, who was still sitting on the couch with Momo. “We like, didn’t even need the jacks to hear what was going on.”

“Gosh, I could hear them from over here,” said Tooru, who was minding the stovetop.

They were in rapt attendance towards the wall, where behind lay intercourse that Momo would later describe, her face beet red, as ‘combative.’ In the silence that they had cultivated within the common room and kitchen, the only sounds to be heard were the steady, murmuring bubble of the rice