memory.

I noticed a few boys watching from the sidelines as well. I squinted to see who since the lighting made it hard to see.

Was that Park Chanyeol? I was taken aback. He had cleaned up nicely. His hair was slicked back, and his suit fit nicely. I saw Byun Baekhyun next to him, laughing at something. He was always attractive, but he definitely made more of an effort tonight. Perhaps he was trying to impress someone?

I was staring for too long, and my eyes met Park Chanyeol’s. I quickly looked away. God, why did I stare? My heart skipped a beat.

I heard a chair next to me and nearly jumped out my seat. It was just Nayeon and Jeongyeon.

“Chanyeol is totally staring at you. What did you do?” Jeongyeon half-whispered, half-yelled. I hushed her and looked to where Chanyeol and Baekhyun were. They were joined by a few other members of EXO. I noticed Chanyeol’s head quickly turned away. Was he really staring?

“How embarrassing…” I whined. “I was just--”

“Admiring his physique? He is quite the sight.” Nayeon teased, which Jeongyeon smiled at.

“Oh my god...I mean, sure, he’s quite the sight, but damn. I’ve never talked to him in my life.” Maybe for the occasional apology or ‘thank you’ if he passed me a paper in class, but nothing more than that. I was lucky enough to never have been partnered with him for a project either.

“Maybe this is the time to do it!” Jeongyeon said, nudging my arm.

“No, no. I don’t wanna embarrass myself! Especially in front of all of them.” Jeongyeon and Nayeon didn’t respond, they just looked in that same direction.

“You better get ready because he’s coming this way.” Jeongyeon turned to me and fixed my hair. “Yeah, he’s definitely coming this way.”

Oh my god oh my god what did I do now...My heart was suddenly pounding against my chest as Nayeon and Jeongyeon escaped after doing the best they could to fix my hair. I took a few deep breaths and looked as Chanyeol approached me.

His eyes were wide when they met mine. “Uh, hi.”

“H-hi.” I already stuttered. I ruined it. Oh my god. Was Park Chanyeol really talking to me? I blinked a few times and rubbed my hands on my thighs.

“Mind if I sit?” Next to me? What the hell is happening???

“G-go ahead. Feel free.” I felt myself beginning to shake. Damn it, why now? And out of all people, one of the most popular boys in the entire school? Does he even

know who I am? My face felt hot.

He sat down, right next to me, and smiled. His smile was actually...cute. At least up close. I have never been this close. I did my best to smile back. “I saw you staring.”

Of course that’s what he brings up. Of course. I hid my face in my hands. Good lord. This was so embarrassing.

“Sorry. I was just looking around.”

“I don’t mind.” Of course not, you’re fucking Park Chanyeol. Everyone stares at you. “I think we’re both in the same math class.”

What is this conversation… “Yeah, we are.” I nodded my head.

But it looked like he didn’t know what else to say either. Oh my god what do I say? How do I save this awkwardness…

“So, what are you doing after homecoming?” he asked just as I was opening my mouth to speak.

“Um, I’m gonna go home and watch some Netflix. Nothing too fancy.”

He frowned. “Not hanging out with your friends?”

“Ah, no. They’ve got plans.” I shook my head. “I don’t really have a lot of friends either. Most of my friends are underclassmen, and their focus versus mine are different. I need to study for that math test on Monday though.”

“They made plans without you?” His tone changed, even his expression. He looked...hurt?

“Well, I...yeah, I guess you can say it like that. I’m not as close with them as it might seem.” I looked around for them and saw them talking to the boys they danced with earlier. I looked back at Chanyeol who was also looking at them.

“Still, it’s just a bit...weird?”

“I don’t like looking into it too much. It makes me feel a little sad thinking about that kind of thing. Besides, I still have to study.”

“It’s the weekend,” he said, turning back to me. “Kick back and relax. Go out, celebrate...do something.”

“Netflix and my bed are fine enough for me.”