.

 

He and Sehun occasionally saw each other around, often exchanging smiles as they passed each other in the hallway, Sehun hated how he always felt a light fluttery feeling in his chest whenever the other smiled at him.

 

Chanyeol still continued to flirt with Baekhyun and the longer the flirtations went on, the harder Sehun tried to convince himself that Baekhyun would probably never respond to his friend’s bad flirting anyway.

 

On this particular day, however he was hit with news he never would have expected to hear.

 

“Wait what?” he asked, stopping his coloring.

 

“I  said,  Chanyeol asked Baekhyun out,” Jongin repeated.

 

There it was, that feeling of irritation again, except this time, he could it spreading throughout his entire body. He never thought anything would actually happen between those two and now that something’s actually was, he didn’t even know how to react.

 

“Oh.”

 

“You don’t care, do you? I thought you said you didn’t like him,” his friend sarcastically remarked. Sehun cursed Jongin for  seeing right through him.

 

He cleared his throat, “I don’t, who said I cared?” He slightly wincing at his tone, even he wasn’t convinced by his words.

 

Jongin shook his head, laughing lightly. “Well they’re getting ice cream today after school. At that one ice cream parlor by the boba shop.”

 

“So? Why are you telling me this?” he sighed. All he wanted to do was go home and sulk, this is why he never bothered with crushes. He had almost made it for four years without catching feelings for someone, and Byun Baekhyun ruined that all in the one day he came to their school.

“So you can go do something about your crush, you idiot. I’m tired of seeing you mope around every time you see them together.”

 

“Even if I did, what about Chanyeol?” he sighed.

 

“I’ve seen the way Baekhyun looks at that idiot whenever he tries to flirt, trust me, Baek  is not  interested in him.”

 

It didn’t take Sehun any more convincing after that and once the bell rang, Sehun was the first to leave out the door.

 

*****

 

 Chanyeol is really nice , Baekhyun thought as he stood in line with the taller in the ice cream parlor.

 

It had only been a couple weeks since he moved to his new school and he was worried he wouldn’t be able to make any friends considering it was senior year and everyone had their groups of friends solidified already, but he was happy to see that there were such nice people like Chanyeol.

Baekhyun had met the taller in their English class, Chanyeol enthusiastically offered the seat next to his to him and they talked everyday ever since. He wondered why he was so nice to him, not that he was complaining, it was a lot better than being a loner in a new school.

 

He had always hoped that he would get a chance to talk to Sehun again. Every time they passed by each other during passing period he would smile at the other in attempt to spark some kind of conversation, but Sehun would simply give him a small smile before rushing off to class.

 

Baekhyun figured Sehun didn’t like him very much, though he was confused since it had seemed like they hit it off pretty well on his first day.

 

He always felt a strange urge to talk to him again. His train of thought was interrupted when he felt a tap on his shoulder.

 

“What flavor do you want? My treat,” Chanyeol grinned at him.

 

Baekhyun couldn’t help but smile back, he thought the taller’s big ears were adorable.

 

“Hmm, I want cherry chip.”

 

Chanyeol nodded and proceeded to tell the worker their order. After they got their ice cream, they found a table in the corner of the shop to sit down and Baekhyun wasted no time and started scarfing down the frozen treat. Noticing Chanyeol watching him, Baekhyun offered the taller a smile.

 

“Thanks for the ice cream, Chanyeol.”

The taller responded with a smile, his cheeks slightly tinted pink. “So uhm Baek, I kinda wanted to ask you something,” he said, scratching the back of his head.

 

The other looked up at him curiously. “What is it?”

 

Before the words could even leave Chanyeol’s mouth, Baekhyun found himself being roughly yanked up from his seat and dropped his ice cream cone from the sudden force. Everyone in the shop went quiet as they looked in the corner to see what was happening.

 

“S-Sehun?” he gasped.

“W-What are you doing here?” Chanyeol stammered, obviously in shock at what just happened.

 

“We need to talk,” Sehun muttered. Chanyeol had no time to protest before Sehun started  pulling the brunette out of the shop past the stares of the patrons of the ice cream parlor.

“Uhm Sehun, y-you’re kind of hurting my arm,” Baekhyun whimpered.

 

The blonde’s eyes widened upon the realization of his strong grip on the other’s arm. He swiftly let go