it down or he could deal with Niall for another 25 minutes and not have to call him “daddy”. He would just deal with Niall. “I said never.” Harry said. “Then you don’t want me to leave to bad.” Niall told him. “I do want you gone I just would never call you daddy. I’m not some chick who swoons over everything you say and do.” Harry told him with some attitude. Niall smirked. He knew Harry wasn’t going to say it but he still could mess with him. “Whatever you say baby.” Niall replied.
Harry glared. “Ugh!!” he groaned when Niall said baby. “Call me that again.” Harry threatened. What he didn’t say was “Call me that again and I’m not sure if I’ll slap you or kiss you.” Niall bit his lip and said “Whatever you say babe.” Harry glared. He didn’t say “baby” but that was close enough. Harry looked around and noticed that there were only a few people left and he smiled. “I’ll be closing in 10 minutes. “ Harry announced. Niall nodded. Niall looked and saw 2 people leave. There were only 3 left. He glared at the three wanting them to hurry and leave. One guy took the hint and him and his girl left. The last person was a girl who didn’t pay him any attention. Niall crossed his arms and looked straight at the girl and said “Get now.” the girl quickly gathered her stuff and hurried out. “Don’t scare my customers.” Harry told Niall. Niall shrugged.
“Since every one else is gone you can leave to." Harry said. "And why would I do that?” Niall asked. “Because that would be the nice thing.” Harry told him. “I’m not a nice person.” Niall replied. Harry moved from behind the counter and started cleaning. As he wiped the last table Niall came up behind him and grabbed his waist. “Let go of me." Harry said as he wiggled his hips and tried to get away. Niall held them tighter and grinded into him before letting go and walking back to the counter. Harry turned around and walked to Niall. He slapped Niall. Niall didn’t do anything. "When I say let go of me let go.” Harry said. Niall shrugged. “Ok babe.” he said. Harry went behind the counter and started putting things up. Niall went and locked the door without Harry seeing him. He walked back.
Niall walked behind the counter to Harry. “You can’t be back here.” Harry said not turning around. Niall didn’t say anything he just walked closer. Harry turned around and said “I’m serious. If your not leaving at least stay in front of the counter.” Harry told Niall. “Why would I do that.” Niall asked. “Because you’re a customer and you don’t work here.” Harry replied. Niall shrugged. “What are you back here for?” Harry asked. “Because I wanted a closer look at that hot ass of yours.” Niall replied. Harry didn’t reply.  He was speechless. “Umm.. just leave.” Harry said. “No.” Niall said. Harry turned around and started back working. If he couldn’t get Niall to leave he could at least finish cleaning up.
Niall grabbed Harrys waist and turned him around. “I’m not sure why you hate me and I don’t care. I don’t hate you. You piss me the hell off with that damn attitude of yours and it takes everything I have not to fuck you senseless every time I see you. Those lips of yours would look perfect wrapped around my cock and you looking up at me with those beautiful eyes.” Niall said in a deep voice. Harry’s face turned red but he didn’t move. He didn’t know what to say. How would he say that he thought about Niall bending him over and shoving his cock into him.
Harry looked down and bit his lip. Niall took his hand and lifted Harrys head up. Niall pressed his lips into Harry’s. It wasn’t long before both of their eyes were closed and tongues were clashing against each other. Niall put one hand in Harry’s hair and the other on his ass and pulled him closer. Harry wrapped his arms around Niall’s neck. Niall grinded into him. They moved their hips together. Niall pushed Harry back into the counter and pulled his hair. Harry groaned. Harry broke the kiss and kissed Niall’s neck.
Niall lifted Harry onto the counter and kissed him while running his hand up and down Harry’s body. Harry pulled Niall closer. Niall broke the kiss and kissed down Harry’s neck leaving little bites. When he found Harry’s soft stop Harry moaned and Niall sucked the spot. As he sucked and gently bit on Harry’s soft spot he reached down and removed Harry