rest of the people that he’d created so many memories with. 


 


A month passed, now their wedding day. 


 


They traveled to the west coast, because Lance loved the ocean and Keith couldn’t say no to him. It took place in the beautiful city of Laguna Niguel, on the beach overlooking the deep blue of the ocean. Lance’s entire family came, as well as he and Keith’s friends; they couldn’t miss this. Not for the world. There they were, standing next to the altar, a frail Lance dressed in white while Keith dressed in black. Keith was holding Lance to his chest to help support him; the man grew weaker by the day, and it was often painful for him to get a lot of movement in. Their vows came up, and Keith spoke first, voice full of love and a dash of sorrow.


 


“Lance, from the day we met back in eighth grade, I knew you were gay as hell,” A chuckle from the crowd, a giggle from Lance. “You for two years after I knew, kept going after girls and flirting after anything with blonde hair and boobs. Then,” A smile graced his face. “Then finally, you asked me out. I’m 

so 

glad that you broke your streak of preppy girls to ask me out. Together, we’ve done so much since tenth grade. We’ve graduated together, moved in together, hell, we’re 

here, 

getting 

married, 

and I couldn’t ask for more. I-I know you don’t have much time left,” His voice cracked as tears made themselves present. “A-And I wish that we could’ve spent the rest of 

forever 

together, a-and I’m going to miss you 

so much, 

but I 

promise

 that I’ll be yours 

forever, 

even if you’re not here with me physically, you will 

always be in my heart.

”


 


There were sniffles throughout the crowd, and Lance was crying, a grin decorating his face. Keith was so sweet. He cleared his throat, smiling up at his lover as he began speaking. “Keith, I remember the day that I asked you out 

very 

clearly. I was so scared that you were gonna say no because you were, and are, the only guy I’ve ever asked out. I wasn’t expecting to go on-on an 

adventure 

with you. We-We,” Lance took a moment, since he was still crying. “We’ve been through so much since then, we broke up 

twice, 

and during junior year we argued more than we did our homework. And-And when we found out- I- That’s when I 

knew 

you were the one. You-You stayed by my side, and you came and visited 

every day, 

even when I was feeling just fine. I know this wasn’t how you- how 

we 

imagined our future together, and-” He sobbed softly, leaning into soft hands that caressed his tears away. “And- I don’t 

want 

to leave early, but I have to. 


 


“I know that even after I-I’m gone, you’ll be there, remembering me, and still 

loving me, 

because I know that’s how you are,” A soft chuckle came from Keith, who also happened to be crying. “My life might- might have been short, but our love, our love is 

eternal.

” 


 


Everyone was crying now, even the pastor had shed a few tears. Soon, after their bands were slid onto their fingers, they kissed. It was full of raw 

emotion;

 sadness, and love, and longing. Their wedding night was a dream, tucked away in a honeymoon suite, where kisses and hushed moans echoed in the larger room. 


 


They didn’t get to go on their planned honeymoon; Lance wasn’t well enough for plane travel, so instead they spent a week at home together, having gentle sex and sharing cheesecake with smiles. After their ‘honeymoon’, Lance stayed at home, sleeping, playing on his phone, watching tv while Keith worked. Lance grew weak, so weak. His tanned skin bruised so easily now, stretched over thin bones. He already looked dead, and holy 

hell, 

it scared Keith. 


 


The week of Lance’s predicted death, Keith was excused from work. They understood, didn’t push him at all to come in. Keith spent the first few days just laying with Lance, getting up only to make food or let in the nurse, as well as helping Lance into the bathroom and such. When the day came around, Thursday, they both knew that it was 

the 

day. Lance was more tired than usual, body weak his tanned skin was pale. 


 


Keith helped Lance eat a little bit of a pumpkin pancake- Lance’s favorite breakfast. The nurse had come and gone, giving Keith a long hug before she’d left. She’d be back later that night to take his lover’