looks at him like he's lost his mind, yugyeom sighs impatiently. "maknaes are supposed to be all adorable, you know. not weird looking."

"who says you're weird looking?" jinyoung asks protectively, lifting his head.

"me," yugyeom says. duh.

"i'll beat up anyone who says you're not cute," says jackson seriously. "that includes yourself."

"then i'll be less cute," he points out.

"oh my god, shut up," jaebum says with clear exasperation. "you're, like, the cutest. you're funny looking but that's what makes you cute. shut up."

"jaebum," scold mark and jinyoung in unison. their coparenting skills are evolving every day.

"it's true," the leader says grouchily, and he leans back into the couch and seemingly falls asleep again. yugyeom's left to ponder what the fuck that outburst was.

"he's right," bambam says with a shrug. yugyeom's not listening.

✧

"do you actually think that?" asks yugyeom. jaebum, who's standing on the opposite end of the bathroom counter, brushing his teeth, glares. "i'm serious. it's an important question."

jaebum takes his time to finish, spit, and wash his mouth out. finally he looks up at yugyeom with an expression that can only be described as done.

"if i didn't mean it i wouldn't have said it," he says dryly.

yugyeom furrows his eyebrows in thought. "but one time you told mark hyung that dying his hair orange would be a good idea."

"that was funny to look at. it was for my own benefit," jaebum defends as he wipes the excess toothpaste off his bottom lip. yugyeom's eyes follow the movement without meaning to—follow jaebum's fingers to where they swipe at the soft pink of his mouth. it's mesmerizing somehow despite it being a common sight.

"hey," jaebum says, snapping yugyeom out of his daze. the younger feels his cheeks colour rapidly at having been caught staring at—what was he even staring at? also, why? he's unsure. it would appear he has some thinking to do.

"y-yeah?" he stammers. jaebum just raises one eyebrow. and then he leaves. which is fine.

(okay, like what the fuck, no it isn't. who does that? who calls someone cute and then gets all weird and dry when that someone stares at their lips for a little longer than is platonically acceptable? really, how dare jaebum.)

✧

yugyeom flops down on top of jinyoung. the older shrieks in protest and shoves at his long limbs until they're in a somewhat comfortable position. well. comfortable is relative, actually. breathable might be better.

"what do you want," jinyoung snaps from beneath him. yugyeom groans in reply, letting his head fall to rest on jinyoung's chest. "stop that. if you're using me as a human pillow you have to provide some kind of explanation."

"but i don't wanna." yugyeom pouts, which he knows jinyoung can't see. but still.

"then leave."

"fine." yugyeom is sick of this mistreatment. he rolls over to the side, and then he realizes that now he's just on the inside of jinyoung's bunk next to the wall. he gives up. "hyu-ung."

"what."

"does jaebum hyung talk about me? ever?" he blurts it before he can think too hard. when he turns his head, jinyoung's giving him this look. that look he gets when he knows literally everything that's going on. terrifying, truly.

"well, yeah," he says, an air of mischief creeping into his tone. "you're the maknae. we all talk about you."

"yeah, but," says yugyeom. he breaks off, grumpy. jinyoung knows what he means, jeez, why does everyone have to make his life hard. "like, in a different way. does he talk about me in any other way? you know?"

"do i?" jinyoung's wiggling his eyebrows like a freak and yugyeom has to resist the urge to smack him. "you might have to elaborate."

"hyung," yugyeom almost yells. jinyoung's really not backing down though, so finally he relents. "does he talk about me like i'm special, jinyoung hyung. that's what i mean. you know that's what i mean. i hate you."

"well, of course," jinyoung says like it's obvious. "you just had to ask. he's all in love with you and stuff. of course he talks about you like you're special."

"hakfjjdkciuwk," says yugyeom (or something like that.) "what did you just say to me?"

jinyoung refuses to repeat it for the rest of the day, even when yugyeom