confused at first. I don't remember falling asleep. I slowly sit up, rubbing my eyes.

"When did I fall asleep?" I ask, my voice coarse and groggy 

"Bout an hour ago. I was playing some chords on my guitar and I guess it put you to sleep. You were just laying there listenin' for a good bit" he smiles 

"Oh" 

I take my phone out of my pocket and check my messages. None from anyone I'm interested in hearing. I put it on the end table and walk into the bathroom to freshen up. I stretch and look at myself in the mirror, I let out a sigh as I turn on the water and splash it onto my face. I instantly feel more alert and I pat my face dry with a towel. I run my fingers through my now short hair, straightening it up a bit. I hear a knock on the door, making me jump a bit. 

"Ya good Harry?" I hear a concerned Niall ask

"Yeah I'm fine, just washing up"

I shake my head at myself. I feel bad putting poor Niall through my breakdown. And now all the boys are coming to see me cause I've worried them. I know they mean well but it's definitely stressful. I'm glad they're concerned however, I know I have good friends in them. I brush my teeth and walk out of the bathroom to find Niall digging through the fridge. I laugh to myself, that's Nialler for you. Always thinking with his stomach. 

"Find anything?" I ask in a playful tone.

He smirks at me "nah not really. Just looking"

"Well if you're interested I've got some hummus in the fridge and some peta bread in the cupboard that might go bad soon. I don't like to waste food" 

He just shrugs and grabs the container of hummus. I laugh to myself in my head. I'm glad to have Niall around. After we've eaten something and joked around a bit I hear my phone go off with an alert. I check it to find a text from Louis. 

Him: Hey, H. We'll be in soon, be ready. Louis 

"Who was that?" Niall asks 

"Just Louis. They'll be here soon, he said" 

Niall shakes his head 

"Ya know, I'm happy they're coming but I'm not too pleased it's under this circumstance. I feel bad for not getting us all together sooner" Niall says with a hint of guilt in his voice. 

I frown to myself and wonder how everyone else has been taking this break. Hopefully better than I have. 

"Yeah. It's not your fault though Niall. Don't blame yourself. I suppose I'm too needy" 

He just shakes his head in disagreement.

"No Harry. It's understandable. We were brothers and never left each other for more than a week or two at a time for five straight years. Nothing will ever break that bond. Or at least I hope not" he says, not looking at me. 

I shake my head in agreement. And so we sit there for awhile in comfortable silence until I hear a knock at the door. My heart starts beating a little faster. It's been so long and I can't help but be nervous to see them again. Niall is the first one to get up from his chair to go answer the door, I stand up and follow behind him as he opens the door. The first face I see is Liam's. He gives me a sympathetic smile and hugs me. 

"Hey mate. Heard you've been down lately, so we came to cheer you up" he says to me before he releases me from his arms. I notice he's lost weight and has some new tattoos and he just looks healthier. That's good.

I smile at him and pat him on the shoulder. I look to see Louis who had been saying hello to Niall. He pulls me into a hug and pats my back. 

"Hey lad, how've you been?" He asks as he pulls away. He looks thinner as well, but not in a bad way as it had gotten before. I must admit he had not looked well in 2015. But he looks a healthy thin and I'm glad. 

"As well as can be expected" I say with a light chuckle. 

And so we talk and hang out for the whole day. The need to remember details seemed useless. It was like any other day you'd be with your friends. Go out, get some drinks. Chat. It was a good day. And I had fun. Whatever the hell fun means. 

The boys seemed so... Normal. I had forgotten how that felt. To be normal, and happy. To love. What is love anyway? If I knew what it was, I think I'd love those boys very