mother’s sorrowful cries to the soldiers, begging them to let her go. I watch the soldier shove my mother into the back of the truck and ignore her pleas to let her go safely. My heart sinks even further when I see my grandmother begin to beg for her own freedom. 

 

“Por favor señor, suéltame! Tu no tengo una vieja! Suéltame! Mi vida es muy importante… Por mi, a mi familia… Yo tengo mi marido! Por favor, sueltame”! 

(Please sir, let me go! You don’t need an old woman like me! Let me go! My life is very important… For me, and my family… I need my husband! Please let me go!)

 

My grandmother’s pleas too went unanswered and ignored by these ruthless soldiers. I heard shouts all of a sudden as I saw the truck that held my entire family pull away and down the long winding dirt road. I ducked lower into the large bush as two soldiers came in my direction with guns. 

I hold my breath and close my eyes when one of the soldiers stood in front of where I was hiding. I heard his loud voice. 

 

“Yo piense ver una niña en el arbusto”! 

(I thought I saw a little girl in that bush!)

 

I hear their heavy boots rustling the dried out leaves below on the ground. I kept my eyes closed for fear that they might find me. 

 

If they found me, they’d put me on a truck and send me to who knows where. I had to keep quiet if I wanted to keep my life. I heard the other one speak up.

 

“Yo no veo nada! Eres tu payaso”! 

(I didn’t see anything! You’re crazy!)

 

I heard the two men starting to walk away laughing and telling jokes to one another. I didn’t recognize their accents. They must be the rebel soldiers coming from Guatemala. 

 

I hid in the bush until I was sure they were far enough up the road to where I could come out of my hiding place. 

 

Once I knew that they were long gone down the dirt road, I climbed out of my hiding place and looked around me in tears; my entire village was destroyed except for the church. 

 

The soldiers had enough decency to leave the church alone, the holiest spot in the entire village. I quickly entered the graveyard beside the church. 

 

I found my grandfather’s grave. I knelt down next to it and began to speak to him, hoping he would hear me. 

 

“Abuelito, tengo miedo. Yo tengo miedo! Mama, papa, Jorge y Lupe ya se fueron. Los soldados ya se fueron Abuelito! Abuelita ya se fueron a los soldados! 

Yo tengo miedo por mi vida! Ayudame Abuelito! Ayudame”! 

(Grandpa, I’m afraid. I’m very afraid! Mama, papa, Jorge, and Lupe were taken away. The soldier’s took them, grandpa! They took grandma too! I’m afraid for my life! Help me grandpa! Help me!)

 

I sit by my grandfather’s grave for awhile and pour my heart out to him. I was afraid what more terrible things today might bring, not only that but tomorrow as well. 

 

I was literally and utterly alone. I heard the wind whistling through every nook and cranny of my village. It sounded as if the spirits had grown restless and were going about looking for something. Anything really. 

 

I slowly make my way inside the church and sit down in the front pew. I peered up at the huge cross with Jesus on it. I had no idea that I wasn’t the only one in the village. I heard noise in the back of the church. 

 

I quickly turn to see what it is. I smile in relief when I see that it is only Padre Jose. He’d figure out a way to help me. Maybe he could help me find mama and papa, Lupe and Jorge. It would just have to work!

“Hola Padre. Pensaba que fui todo solo. Me puede ayudas usted? Padre por favor...”

(Hello father. I thought I was the only one left. Will you help me? Father, please...) 

Padre Jose could only look at me with pity and deepest sympathy in his eyes. I started to wonder now if he and I were the only one’s left in the entire village. If we were, then we'd have to find a way to survive.

 

To Be Continued...

I own everyone in this story, except for the State of Chiapas and the town/pueblo of Tila. Those belong to Mexico.

Chapter 2: Two Alone, Yet Not to The Heavens Above.

 

January 2nd, 1994

Tila, Chiapas, Mexico

Though Padre Jose and I are alone in this empty village, we wonder why it was us that survived this horrible attack upon our people at such a prosperous time in our village. Why? But it was not up to us to determine at all. It was dios above, god alone who only knows why we were the ones left.

The wind