the conversation over in his head. She was a mystery he might never figure out. It went well enough; she had agreed to come help. Though there were literally hundreds of Slayers for him to ask, there was only one he could think of that he wanted to help him, if only to see her again. He should not have let her leave in the first place, but he hadn’t the heart to make her stay. 

He called the airport and placed the order for the tickets, texting her the time and flight number, which was surprisingly technologically savvy for him, before heading to bed. She wasn’t getting in terribly early, but considering the time difference she’d be here early enough that he doubted she would sleep on the plane. He slept fitfully, tossing and turning and dreaming of the things they’d said to one another in private, of opportunities missed that he was certain would never come again. It had been nearly a year since he’d kissed her. He woke up in a cold sweat, panting hard before pushing his fingers through his unruly hair. 

It didn’t take long for him to spot her among the crowd of passengers walking out, being greeted by loved ones with hugs and exclamations. He shifted a bit in front of her, moving for a hug that she didn’t protest but didn’t return, either. He moved to pick up her bag, small considering he’d told her to pack for at least a few weeks stay. 

“I trust the flight was comfortable?”

He’d splurged and gotten her a first class ticket, a surprise for when she arrived at the gate. 

“It was fine. What time is it?”

“About noon. I’ve got a guest room prepared; you look a bit tired.”

“Jet lag is a bitch.”

He chuckled and led her to the parking structure where his car waited. He put her bag in his trunk and guided her to the left passenger seat. 

“You can lean the seat back, try to get some rest.” 

The trip across town wouldn’t take too long, maybe half an hour in poor traffic. It was enough to get a nap in, at least. He pulled onto the highway and watched her go back from the corner of his eye. Even jetlagged she was beautiful and sleep made her as young and untroubled as she should be. He shook his head and moved onto a highway out of town that would let him drive for a while, give her a chance to rest. The stop and go of London wasn’t calling to him now. He took them outside of the city and drove until the lights were well behind them. They reached the countryside outside of Bath and he pulled off onto a dirt road. The bumps woke her, it certainly wasn’t the two hour nap, and she rubbed the sleep from her eyes. 

“This doesn’t look like the right place.” 

“I decided against going to London tonight. I have something else in mind. At least for tonight.”

“Where are we?”

“Ah, if we drive just a few minutes west we’d be in Bath.”

“Bath?”

“Yes, like in a tub.” He looked at her. “I have a cottage here.”

“Near a demon nest?”

“No, not as such. We can deal with the demons tomorrow. I have some business to attend to here, and it’s just for the night.”

“Oh.”

She looked out the window as a light rain began to fall, coloring the sky gray. They drove past a large house to a smaller one just beyond. He stopped the car in a loop in the dirt drive and she saw another building between the little cabin and the large house.

“Who lives there?”

“Oh, that’s...that’s the cottage.”

“You’re kidding. That? It doesn’t look like any cottage I’ve ever seen.”

“It’s sort of a silly naming tradition, calling a house that size something small and unimposing. I never much cared for staying there.”

He reached for her bags and picked them up, sliding them onto his shoulder. She got out and stretched, he saw a slim line of her toned stomach beneath her shirt as she did. He tore his eyes away from her just as he turned to look at him. He nodded toward the cabin.

“This was the groundskeeper’s home. I much prefer to stay here when I come around. More my speed, I suppose.”

“Look at you living the high life,” she teased.

“I do my best,” he answered wryly.

Taking her baggage inside, he set it down in what served as the living room. It was a small space, but for just one person she was sure it was ideal. 

“I’ll, ah, sleep on the sofa. You can take the bedroom upstairs, when the time comes.”

“I’d kill for a hot shower.”

“No need for that