Bull waits it out. If the silence keeps on for too long, he'll talk to Lavellan about it. He and Dorian frequently work alongside each other; any problems should be resolved quickly.



*

It doesn't come to that, thankfully.

The silence breaks one night in the Herald's Rest, when Bull finds Dorian sitting on the edge of his bed, drinking from a bottle of wine. That's a surprise. Bull expected an awkward talk before Dorian showed up in his quarters again.

"You shouldn't leave your door unlocked," says Dorian, warm and happy and smiling. He brandishes the wine like a blade. "Help me finish this, won't you?"

Bull shuts the door and steps closer. He reaches for the bottle, tilting it so he can get a better look at the label. He whistles. "The cheap stuff? You're falling, Vint."

"I know," says Dorian, with a heavy sigh. He sets the wine bottle on the floor and places his hands on the bed, leaning back. "That's enough talk. Get your cock out."

"Good to hear you've recovered," Bull says. He takes a step towards the bed, watching Dorian's gaze drop lower. It stays there, hungry, when he thumbs at his trousers. "Think you can look me in the eye after?"

Too blunt, probably, but it has to be said. Dorian grimaces, nearly shrinking back into himself.

"Yes," says Dorian, still wincing. He sits up straight and gathers his hands together in his lap, linking his fingers together. "I am sorry for that. Truly. It was incredibly rude. I had an excuse, but…" He glances down at his hands. "It's a poor one, and I doubt you're interested."

Embarrassed, Bull guesses. Not because he slept with a man; Dorian doesn't have that kind of shame. Maybe when he was younger, but not anymore. More likely he's embarrassed about fucking a Qunari, his country's enemy, or Bull. That's understandable.

Still, if Bull is going to be a secret, he won't be a shameful one.

"You don't need to have one," says Bull. He reaches down and nudges Dorian's chin up with two fingers, letting his hand linger. Dorian's lips part. "Just tell me what you want."

"Sex," Dorian answers, almost immediately. His eyes drift from Bull's face towards his arms, then slowly—deliberately—down to his groin. "There are many things about you that I can appreciate."

Bull pats Dorian's cheek and lowers his hand. "My personality?"

Dorian tips his head back, laughing. It's a delightful sound. "That, too. Aren't you a fun one."

"That's what they say," says Bull. He steps closer, flattening his palm over Dorian's chest, and nudges him down onto the bed. "What d'you need from me?"

Dorian stretches his arms above his head and shifts, hooking one leg around Bull's good knee. He makes an unhappy sound when Bull doesn't budge.

"Tell me," Bull says. He tugs on Dorian's clothes, fingers catching on buckles, until Dorian bats his hands out of the way and undresses himself. "I need to know what I can give you."

"You're about to," says Dorian, fumbling at his belt. His hips rise off the bed. "Are you inquiring about romance? That's not something I—look, I don't expect love. Just sex—"

He stops, inhaling a quick breath, when Bull kneels on the bed and leans over him.

"Just sex," Dorian says again. He reaches up and, after a moment's hesitation, wraps his fingers around Bull's horns. "Which you are remarkably skilled at."

Sex. Bull can do that. Most people come to his bed only once. They get their curiosities satisfied or just a quick need fulfilled and that's it, but he's not insulted. He gets what he needs, too. And Dorian's a good guy.

This will be fun.

"Thanks," says Bull. He reaches between them, palming Dorian's cock through his trousers. "You're not so bad yourself."

Dorian grins, all teeth. "You're too kind."



*

They fuck again a few times that week.

And the next.



* * *

Lavellan falls into the Fade, but he manages to crawl back out. While he recovers, the Inquisition takes some time to prepare for Orlais.

Bull brings his Chargers to Val Royeaux.

The job itself is easy: retrieving a family heirloom from an alleged thief. It's something that any of the Chargers could do without the full company support, but the client paid for a big qunari, so Bull is the one