Fuyuhiko scoops her into his arms and seals their embrace with a wet kiss.

 


 Ibuki/"Togami" 


“Ibuki feels like she’s about to be spun around and led to a donkey,” Ibuki remarks. She reaches for her blindfold, just to touch it, to give Ibuki something to do, but larger, fatter hands intercept her much smaller pair. The bed creaks loudly.

“It stays on,” says someone who sounds slightly like Byakuya. Where there was protagonist gruffness before, there is now a quiver.

“Even if the lights are off too?”

“Yes.”

A pause.

“Gotcha!” she says. “For that sure to be handsome face, fourteen gotchas!”

Another pause. Then warm lips engulf hers and they kiss, still holding hands.


Togami/Fukawa (one-sided Asahina/Fukawa)


“A-All the spaces in the restaurant’s car park were occupied, so Byakuya dropped me off and is parking the car somewhere else.” Touko shoots a glare at Aoi, seated on the sofa seat across the table. “Disappointed?”

A pout replaces Aoi’s smile. “No, I just-”

“Or d-do you wish he would let you ride him instead?”

“Don’t you mean ride with?” Aoi seems to change her mind about wanting an answer, and grabs Touko’s hands. Touko yelps. “Forget it. I-”

Byakuya clears his throat. Both girls look up. He sits down beside Touko, cups her chin and kisses her lips.

 


Togami/Fukawa


“She’s just shy,” Touko’s father would say, tapering off into a chuckle that the teacher would smile at, and Touko would play along by hunching her shoulders and staring at her lap because then maybe her father wouldn’t shout and shake her as much later, and her mothers wouldn’t harshen her endurance training.

Her throat ached for weeks after her three-day session in the closet.

Any shyness she exhibits stems from how she is distrustful, wary, defensive, but when Byakuya holds her hands, breathing against her lips in one of Hope’s Peak’s closets, ‘shy’ for once feels light and fluttery.


Togami/Fukawa


Byakuya doesn’t regret. He reflects, in the dead of night, sky outside a graveyard of stars. The digital clock bears the time in blood red on the bedside drawer, blurring in his vision like a dampening trouser leg over an open wound.

As the numbers on the clock twitch, changing, Byakuya reflects. On each pavestone, painted gold, that led him to becoming heir. On every syllable of his acidic remarks. On Touko’s eyes in the second trial of the mutual killings.

He doesn’t regret but rolls over, to face her sleeping form, and kisses her forehead, sure as hell reflecting.

 


Kirigiri/Maizono


“You see where there are four small clouds in a line?” Sayaka jabs at the air, blue hair splayed out across the grass that she and Kyouko lie abreast on. “Second from the right is the mouse, with big round ears and a long tail.”

Kyouko’s eyes widen momentarily. “I see it now. The one to the left looks like a dog chasing it.”

“Hey, you’re right, Kirigiri-san. It does,” says Sayaka. She pecks Kyouko’s cheek before turning back. “That one there looks like a rabbit. Wouldn’t that be a cute mascot?”

“Hm,” goes Kyouko, peeking at Sayaka, face burning.

 

 


Maizono/Mukuro


No matter how tightly she curls her pillow around the back of her head and presses her pillow against her ears, Sayaka can still hear the explosions. They crack and roar like thunder, but over and over again like how her heart thrashes in her chest.

To think this is just their first night of potentially forever in Hope’s Peak.

“Do you think it’ll be over soon?” mumbles Sayaka, looking over at Mukuro, who sits on the edge of Sayaka’s bed with her back toward Sayaka.

Mukuro twists around and kisses Sayaka’s cheek.

“Soon,” says Mukuro, not making eye contact.

 


Sonia/Souda


Kauzichi’s legs feel ready to melt, threatening to collapse beneath him. He gulps down some cola that at the right angle, looks like oil, and wipes the back of his hand across his mouth before continuing to the beach.

There, in a deckchair, is Sonia. In a wetsuit, which matches his jumpsuit. Right?

“For you,” he says, bowing as he presents a bottle of green soda, held in the hand without his cola.

“Thank you,” she replies. She hesitates but then pecks his cheek, snatches the bottle away and lies back down, large sunglasses hiding most of her pink face.

 


Souda/Getting Rekt by Sonia AKA My first attempt at the previous request


“Thirsty, Sonia-san?”

Sonia lifts her cheek off Gundam’s pod and looks up. Kazuichi stands before her, holding out a bottle of cola for her to take. All she needs