for a moment in the violet and blue mix, before it is all washed away by a translucent wave of peach-pink warmth. “I’m sorry,” he says, his voice oddly loud in the silent room. “I’ll resign. Jim needs you. The Enterprise needs you.” And for the first time Spock really understands how emotion can be a conduit to courageous action just as effectively as rational analysis.

“No,” he hears himself reply. “He has need of both of us. It behooves us to find another solution.”

“Us?” McCoy thoughts light with disbelieving laugher, an odd sensation of light-refracting bubbles rising through the intermingling streams of thought. Then there is a strange tremor through his mind, like an aftershock from an earthquake and he raises a hand and places it on top of Spock’s on his neck. Spock speculates that the tremor is the sensation of McCoy’s mind doing something impulsively without thinking it through first. And then all organized lines of thought are lost as he feels that broad cool hand cover his own.

Human men apparently notice breasts or legs. Vulcans notice hands. Despite his impatience with the doctor Spock has noticed how big the man’s hands are, how long his fingers are and how dexterous they are in manipulating his instruments. He has noticed the cleanly trimmed fingernails and he has noticed the way the doctor fiddles with a hypo or a stylus when he is attempting to think, rolling the instrument distractingly through nimble fingers.

He is aware of the mechanics of his physiological response to the touch of hand on hand: rapid pulse, elevated breathing rate, vasocongestion of the skin of the face and neck. He is also aware of warm sparkles of arousal, glittering flickers of silver and gold centred in his hand, now caught between two layers of smooth human skin. No one has touched him like this since Nyota walked away from him nearly nine months earlier. It takes him a moment to process what McCoy is saying.

“So you’re trying to read my thoughts are you? Giving up on trying to talk to me? Can’t say I blame you. I’m not exactly in control of all the crap that tumbles out of my mouth.”

This is exactly the sort of nonsensical statement that Spock would normally react to with his driest logic, but he is distracted by the feelings that accompany the words. There is a resigned acceptance from McCoy that he will never be quite good enough, that he is damaged in ways he himself only partly understands. The thoughts are underlain by flickering images of a blonde woman with hands on her hips yelling soundlessly, a frail man in a hospital bed begging soundlessly, a shuttle on fire with figures in the flames screaming soundlessly, trapped behind an unbreakable wall of glass that the doctor cannot reach through.

The rusty brown thoughts are edged with a shimmering halo of ruby, a tired humor as he puts up with himself and plods on through life as best he can. After all, what else is there to do?

“It can’t be pleasant for you. My mind must be more of a mess than my gramma’s attic and that’s saying something.” An image floats up of a vast space disappearing in murky distance, stale air thick with dust tickling up the nose of the small boy hovering at the door, cardboard boxes with sagging corners randomly stacked, teetering piles of magazines and newspapers ready to collapse the slightest push. The boy hesitates, torn between curiosity and fear, until a skitter of rat’s claws sends him abruptly back into the safety of the house.

McCoy is rubbing his hand gently over Spock’s in a mute apology for the disorganization of his mind. The shimmers of silver-gold arousal sparking up Spock’s arm are interfering with his speech capabilities. It takes him an unacceptable passage of several uncalculated moments to reply.

“Your mind is far superior to your grandmother’s attic. I find this experience enlightening. I have misunderstood you in important ways. My data is badly flawed.”

Admitting to flaws? He sounds upset. Why? Fragments of words float in McCoy’s mind. They are not wrapped in contempt as Spock would once have hypothesized, but rather bob on a sea of wine-red concern.

McCoy twists in his seat so that he can look up into Spock’s face, still keeping his hand over the Vulcan’s. “I wish I could do it – read your thoughts. I damn well don’t understand you and I know Jim thinks highly of you and he may be a risk-addicted self-absorbed brat but he’s also turning into a damn fine captain and he wants you at his side and I’m fucking it up and I don’t understand you. I don’t know how to.” His sea of concern has turned the color of blood and his frustration is popping up through it like gas bubbles in a methane swamp.

“The mental communication is beneficial, it is undeniable. A mind meld would achieve your objective.” Spock is prepared for the surge of revulsion in McCoy’s