).  How had Bruce endured that?  How had he faced that type of twisted, sadistic treatment and come out of the other side so intact?  He knew Bruce had his demons, but he was still incredibly unbroken given what had happened to him.  Tony had only watched what had happened, and he couldn't endure it, but Bruce had lived it.

On a certain level, Tony felt weak, because needed to turn it off.  Bruce had had no choice but to face all of the terrible things they did to him, and he'd had the luxury of walking away; and he used it.  Then again, he'd seen more than enough to haunt him; even now that it was over, he wanted to drink until he forgot everything he had seen and heard.  It was only the approaching board meeting, (and the knowledge that Pepper would kill him if he showed up to the meeting drunk), that kept him from following through on his desire.

He had a job to do, so he stayed sober, and made his presentation to the board.  He fulfilled his obligations, but when boarded the jet to head back to New York, he could hold out no longer.  As soon as he was allowed out of his seat, he made his way to the bar, and drank until he got so drunk he could barely sit up.  

His inebriated mind was slower, and he felt more numb.  Everything seemed to be dulled a little, but even then, the images he had seen earlier still found a way to haunt him.

Warning!  Child abuse

The bed was empty when Bruce awoke, which wasn't that surprising.  Tony's flight had been scheduled to leave at eight that morning, and a quick glance at the clock showed it was almost ten.  He was a little surprised that he hadn't awaken when Tony got up, he was usually a light sleeper, but he figured he must have been too tired for the noise to bother him.  Besides, he seemed to be growing more comfortable in his new home, and he was starting to let his guard down, (though he wasn't sure that was a good thing).

He yawned, and made his way to the kitchen for breakfast.  He put the kettle on the stove, popped some toast in the toaster, and padded over to sit at the table.  

There was a folded piece of paper placed carefully on the tabletop that he picked up curiously.


Dear Bruce,



I'll be in Malibu until late tonight, so you might be asleep before I get back.  Feel free to use the lab while I'm gone, or really do whatever you want, you're a big boy.  


Just don't start season 2 of Dr. Who without me.  The tenth doctor is my favorite, and we need to watch all of the David Tennant episodes together.  


Your hubby,
Tony


Bruce smiled, and gently returned the note to its original location.  Leave it to Tony to have rules about watching TV, but no rules about the lab.  He rolled his eyes fondly, and then got up to make his tea and grab his toast.  

He ate quietly, thinking about the note, the man who wrote it, and their situation.  He was of two minds about it.  

On the one hand, he loved spending time with Tony.  Working with him was effortless and enjoyable, joking around with him felt natural, and even slogging through tedious social events with him had its appeal.  They just clicked, and that made his presence really comfortable.  

On the other hand, Tony made all the major decisions concerning the two of them without even consulting Bruce.  They were not equal partners.  They had sex when and how Tony wanted.  They went where Tony said, did what Tony wanted, and short of the laissez-faire attitude that the billionaire had about what the other man did when he wasn't around, the only time he'd let Bruce choose anything was when they had ordered food after working in the lab.

Yet, he had written Bruce into his will; he intended to leave him his share of Stark Industries.  He ran interference for Bruce when the soldier had snooped around at the luncheon, and he claimed he would take on any of Bruce's foes for him.  Those didn't seem like the actions of a man who saw him as nothing more than property . . . .or did they?

Maybe they were the means by which Tony was staking a claim.  Bruce was his, so no soldier, or anyone else, was going to bother what belonged to him.  That could be why he created a false identity for Bruce without so much as consulting him.  That would explain his eagerness to take on Bruce's troubles.  Being able to defend what was his was a matter of pride.  Showing no one else could take what was his from him, showed strength.  Furthermore, as generous as including Bruce in his will was, he hadn't asked what Bruce thought about the gesture.  He'd just charged ahead.  Set everything up and let the