the head of his cock is still inside, and spread his cheeks open. Misha gasps Jen, and he grabs onto the back of the couch, handfuls of cushion in his fists. Jared can see it all – Jensen’s shiny, condom-clad dick filling Misha’s hole, how he's stretched so widely around it. Jared forgets to breathe, can’t look away.

Jensen tilts his hips up, thigh muscles flexing, and fucks Misha with short, stabbing thrusts. Misha keens, his back arching, tries to push down onto Jensen’s cock, but Jensen keeps him where he is, his fingers digging into Misha’s flesh in a way that looks painful. Jared bets Misha will have ten finger-shaped bruises on his ass tomorrow.

“Fucking tease,” Misha pants. He twists his hips, writhing on the end of Jensen’s dick. “Goddammit, Jensen.”

Jensen smiles lazily up at Misha, then his eyes flick up to Jared. “I think he wants something.” He gives Misha a wide-eyed, innocent look. “What d’you want, Mish?” Jared watches Jensen’s middle fingers rub over the rosy rim, tracing around it, feeling how his cock disappears into Misha’s body. “Say it. You want my cock, baby?”

“Mmmm.” Misha’s lips press together, his teeth digging into the bottom one. He shudders, eyes fluttering open and, for a moment, Jared thinks he’s about to say what Jensen wants to hear. Then he shoots Jared a wicked look and pulls up and off Jensen’s dick, fast, before Jensen has a chance to react.

“What’re you –” Jensen starts, but Misha’s already on his feet, only wobbling a little. Jensen’s sprawled on the couch, all long limbs and sleek muscles, and just looking at him makes Jared’s mouth water.

Jensen’s eyes are on Misha though and the hunger in them surprises Jared. He’d assumed this was just a buddy fuck, but now he wonders if there might be more to it.

Jensen’s eyes meet Jared’s and he raises his eyebrows and kind of shrugs, as if to say well, who knew we’d end up like this?. Jared can’t help chuckling, because yeah, it’s a pretty crazy situation, but then his attention’s captured by Misha, who’s right in front of him, reaching up to slide a warm hand behind Jared’s neck and pull him down for a kiss, and, God help him, Jared lets him. Misha’s lips are full and soft and his mouth is hot and sweet and tastes like wine and sex and it makes Jared shiver to think that maybe he can taste Jensen in Misha’s mouth. He can’t help opening his eyes though, pushing Misha back a bit to check on Jensen, because if Jensen’s not okay with this, then somehow Jared’s going to find the will power to walk away. But Jensen doesn’t look like he’s not okay with it – he’s watching them from beneath lowered lids, hand languidly tugging on his dick.

“Jared,” Misha says softly, turning Jared’s face back to his. “It’s okay. Really, it is.” Misha kisses him again, pushing his tongue into Jared’s mouth and this time it’s aggressive and demanding and wildly exciting. Jared’s hands are on Misha’s back, moving up and down, wanting to feel everything, every inch of insanely smooth, satiny skin. He peeks at Jensen again and Jensen’s eyes are focused intently on Jared’s hands. Jared skims them slowly down to Misha’s ass, spreads them out over his cheeks and squeezes. Misha moans into Jared’s mouth, nips at his lips then slides his tongue deeper. He presses himself to Jared all along his front, his hips arching forward and, more than anything, Jared wishes he was naked, that he could feel Misha’s skin against his. He slips two fingers down Misha’s crack and presses on his hole. It’s soft and loose under his fingertips, wet with lube. Misha gasps when Jared pushes the fingers in and Jared shudders, feeling his cock jerk where he’s grinding it against Misha’s hip. He moves his fingers in and out, slow and easy and Misha’s clinging to him and moaning against his lips, not even really kissing him anymore.

“What d’you want, Jared?” Misha whispers urgently, kissing his jaw, his ear. “You can have whatever you want. Just say.”

Jared wants a lot of things, but he’s not so stupid or blinded by lust that he thinks it’s okay to just ask for them in this situation he’s stumbled into. So he goes with something relatively safe – and hell, it’s not like there are any bad answers to that question, anyway.

“