.” Keith replies.

 

“Princess, do you think we can do anything in the meantime?” Pidge asks, and Allura shakes her head.  

“All we can do is make sure he doesn’t cause trouble,” Allura replies, “He might be useful but it’s going to be a long time before he tells us anything.”  

“We should keep an eye on him,” Hunk says, “he seems really devoted to the Galra, and he’s hostile.” At this, all eyes are on Keith.

 

“No,” he shoots back, “Shiro wouldn’t do this.” Keith firmly states.

 

Everyone looks at him with a funny look. “What makes you say that?” Lance asks, his voice dangerously low.

 

Keith shifted his eyes down to the table they sat around. “Well, I don’t know for sure,” he admits, but looks up again, looking each and every one of his crewmates in the eye before continuing. “But what if he was brainwashed?”

 

“Woah, woah, woah, hold up a second,” Hunk cuts in, holding up a hand. “So you think that this guy, who’s been our enemy for a while now, has been  brainwashed  so that he hates us? I don’t buy it.”

 

“You don’t  have  to buy it because it’s  true !” Keith shoots back, and it looks pretty clear that they could break out at any moment as they exchange death glares.

 

Allura holds up a hand. “Both of you, calm down,” she orders. “Lance, Hunk, Pidge- return to your regular duties. Coran and Keith- you may go check up on Shiro, but under the sole purpose of taming him the moment he gets out of his cryogenic pod and getting the real reason out of him. Dismissed!”

 

-

 

Before he goes with Coran to check up on Shiro, Keith takes a look in the mirror. His hair is messy and when he changes his clothes, he notices that he has bruises on his shoulder blade, abdomen, and legs, which are quickly turning a dark purple. Luckily they don’t hurt, thanks to the alien healing technology, but they do feel sore if Keith presses them hard enough.

 

He sighs. When he goes out his room, the lights are bright, but not harsh. Keith calls for Coran, who’s in the next room over. He realises he hasn’t combed his hair, but since it doesn’t matter to the pilot he fetches the tall man without fixing it. Soon enough, Lance gets curious, Allura grows concerned, Pidge is eager to theorize, and Hunk is dragged away by the team. The crew makes their way downstairs to the hull of the ship and look at Shiro. For a moment they just  stare. 

 

“I want to let him out,” Keith says after a minute. Lance gives him a look and Hunk says:

 

“Uh, Keith? You wanna lay down some more?”

 

Keith shakes his head. “Not right now,” he replies, “We need to get ready.”

 

He hears a “Huh?” from Pidge and his expression becomes just a bit more hard set.

 

“We need restraints, and something to give him to eat and drink,” Keith says, and he realises how much hospitality he wants to show to Shiro. It’s too late, though, because he catches wind of Lance and Pidge’s expression and everything is over.

 

“Does someone have a  crush  on Shiro?” Pidge taunts as Lance laces his fingers together and lifts one leg up, looking like a middle schooler with a crush.

 

Keith’s eyes widen, eyebrows going up in shock before his gaze hardens and he furrows his brow. “I do  not !”

 

Lance and Shiro reply to his words by laughing so loud that Keith worries that Shiro will actually wake up. Then he realises that he’s thinking of Shiro  again.  Keith struggles to keep his expression steady, hiding his body language like the dagger he used to assault his enemies.

 

Allura gently touches the glass that contained Shiro with her fingertips, holding her breath. Keith tenses.

 

“I think we should free him,” Allura says.

 

“Okay, do you have-” Keith is about to ask, but he’s cut off.

 

“I don’t think we should restrain him.” Allura looks over her shoulder. The statement leaves Hunk almost in tears.

 

“B-But! Did you see what he did to Keith!” He gestures wildly to said teammate.

 

“Wait, did you see my bruises?”

 

“We had to,” Coran grimly says in defense of the team and Keith blushes very lightly.

 

“It doesn’t matter,” Allura scolds. “Pidge, Keith, Lance.”

 

The trio stands to attention and the princess continues. “Lance, only use your gun if it’s a critical situation. Pidge, you need to help Keith, step in if you need to. Keith, you’re the best fighter in the team- I need you to fight Shiro head to head, only