what she was doing.”

“Did she know what you were doing?” Steve asked, resting the tub between Bucky’s shoulder blades. “Looking down her blouse. She have on a skirt or trousers?”

“A skirt, obviously,” Bucky said. “Dames don’t wear trousers out dancing.”

“They oughtta, going with you,” Steve lightly cuffed the back of Bucky’s head, then fiddled with the tin until Bucky heard it open and his breath caught a little. “What were you thinking, watching her skirt swish around when you were dancing with her? Were you looking at her legs?”

“She had nice stems,” Bucky protested. “What am I supposed to do? Dancing skirts go up, you look at her calves and ankles. That’s the point of a dancing skirt, Rogers. Ain’t like I tried to put a hand up it.”

“No, but you thought about it, or you wouldn’t have mentioned it, would you?” Steve pointed out, and Bucky huffed and buried his face in his arms. “You cake-eating, skirt-chasing, no good playboy.”

“Mm, easy on the abuse, Rogers,” Bucky sighed. “I came home, didn’t I? Brought you a Coke. I been a good boy.”

“Mm, all right,” Steve conceded, dropping down and kissing Bucky’s hair. “I ain’t really surprised you were thinking about her chest, honestly. Been thinking about her chest since five minutes after you met her.”

“She wears that little crucifix,” Bucky protested, grinning, pulling Steve’s arms around his neck. “It’s right there in the middle of all those freckles. A guy gets a little jealous of Jesus, is that so terrible?”

“It’s pretty terrible,” Steve said, nibbling along the shell of Bucky’s ear. “I sincerely doubt the Messiah feels the same way about Mary Anne’s bosom you do.”

“That’s true,” Bucky said, closing his eyes. “Ain’t like I’d ask him to leave, either. He can stay. Go for a little ride.”

“Are you seriously-” Steve snorted with laughter, sitting back up slowly, stroking his hands down Bucky’s bare back, teasing his fingers along the top of Bucky’s undershorts. “That’s worse! I thought you said you were being good.”

“I didn’t say nothing,” Bucky protests. “I just thought it, is all.”

“Mm-hm,” Steve murmured, tugging Bucky’s shorts until he lifted his hips to let Steve drag them down off his ass. “What were you thinking, exactly?”

“I think I’d want her on my lap,” Bucky said, grinning, cuddling the pillow under his face. “Just, you know. Riding it. Get those perfect breasts bouncing up and down, take Jesus with ‘em, that’s all.”

“You confessing to that?” Steve asked, shaping Bucky’s ass with both hands, smirking when he ground his cock into the sheet. “Impure and lustful thoughts, James Buchanan. And implicating Christ Jesus in your fornication aspirations. How are you gonna explain this to Father Hoolihan come Sunday?”

“Very vaguely, I’m sure,” Bucky drawled. “Mm, baby. Your hands are warm. That feels nice.”

“Don’t change the subject,” Steve scolded, giving Bucky’s left cheek a smack. “We were talking about you and your dame, I don’t need any directions from the likes of you.”

“I’m sure you don’t,” Bucky sighed, rolling his hips into the bed again as Steve teased the crack of his ass. “Mm. She’s a little bigger than the other girls I been seeing lately. More like- oh! You remember Ruth? With the, mm. The hands. The piano teacher?”

“The hands you kept saying would look real pretty playing your dick?” Steve quoted, managing to sound wholly unimpressed even as he smirked at the back of Bucky’s head. “I might recall Ruth, sure. She had a pretty smile, didn’t she? Coral lipstick, you said it put you in mind of peaches and ice cream, and it suited her.”

“Tried telling her that,” Bucky said, sounding sulky. “She told me peaches are yellow and I ain’t near as charming as I think. Ain’t no pleasing some people.”

“You’re a man of constant sorrow, surely,” Steve said, grinning wickedly when Bucky hissed at Steve’s index finger, slick and warm, pushing into his ass up the second knuckle in one stroke. “If you did manage to get Mary Anne and her crucifix on your lap and bouncing, Buck, then what?”

“I’d, mm. I’d see if. Jesus, Steve!” Bucky’s back bowed as Steve’s finger slid across his prostate.