talk. He knew just about everything. Just not love. He didn't understand how someone could love. How they could look at each other with such a look. He wanted to understand. He has tried so many times.

Calum even tried asking a human. It didn't work. No one could see him. He could see them, but not the other way around. The only thing Calum could feel was the cold metal slide across his finger just before the arrow slid into someone. Calum was on a different plane of existence, if that's what you call it. That's why he could never comunicate verbally or physically. 

He looked at the woman on the bench with her knew love. He had just shot the two. He watched as the two coddle each other with kisses and love. It made him grimace.

All he Calum has ever wanted for as far as he can remember was to feel pain. Feel heat. Feel sand between his toes. But, most of all love. He stared down and the metal arrow in his hands. Maybe it wasn't the best idea to try it. He could die. Well, Calum was tied of not feeling. So either way this works out he would be happy.

Calum ran the tip of the arrow down his neck to where his heart would be if he had one. He shivers at the coldness of the metal, but it was nice considering it was the only thing he could feel. He took in a deep breath and pulled the arrow away but kept it aimed.

"Just give me love." He whispered and plunged the metal arrow into his chest. everything went black.

□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□■□□■□■□■□■□■□□□■□■□■□■□■□

"What is going on?" Calum asked the blond boy. 

"Well, I mean it's pretty clear to me." The boy was now confused, Calum could see.

Calum looked down at the metal and took a firm grip of it. He could her the boy shuffle back as if he didn't wanna see. Calum pulled the arrow out of his body and threw it. It was exrusiating pain and it was new so it hurt really bad, but he managed.

"Dude, how the hell?" 

"It's fine. I'm fine. That felt," Calum moved his hand from the bleeding hole in his chest and looked and the blood. He felt happy. He never had bled and never felt pain. It was nice a and it made him smile. "Good." He finnished so casually.

"You had a metal rod stuck in your chest! How did that feel nice?" The boy asked.

"I dont remember ever feeling pain. Or anything." Calum looked up at the blond before standing up himself.

"Um, well maybe we should get you to the hospital." The boy said with a worried expression.

"No. I'm fine. I just need to get cleaned up. I'll be ok." Calum assured the blond, bit he shook his head.

"Well then come to my place and get cleaned up. I would feel really bad leaving a wounded guy in an ally. So what's your name?"

Calum looked at him with at confused look. "My name?" 

The blond laughed at bit. "Yes. Your name. I'm not about to let about complete stranger into my house." The boy chuckled and hands Calum a jacket to cover the wound.

"Right. My name. Calum. I'm Calum." The tanned boy said. He just got a bit confused for a second.

"Nice to meet you, Calum. I'm Luke. Now my house is just right around the corner." Luke grabbed ahold of Calum's hand and pulled him away.

The way Luke's hand felt in Calum's was amazing. The boy was being so generous and helping him out. Calum has no idea what was happening.

Luke unlocked the door and took off his jacket. Calum looked around.

"Just sit on the couch and I will be right there." Luke said. Calum did as told and sat down on the brown couch. It was comfy. Calum bounced on it a bit, but stoped when it caused pain in his shoulder. Luke came back with a white box with ared x on it. Calum looked at it.

"What is that?" Calum asked.

"It's a first aid kit. To help sort of." As Luke pulled out the bandages and stuff Calum's mind wondered.

How come he can't remember anything. All he knows is that his name is Calum. He knows that every thing he was feeling at the moment: pain, nausea and a desperate attraction to the blond boy, was definitely new. He feels as if he didn't come from the same place Luke did.

Calum's memory was completely fuzzy. He remembered bits and pieces, but none of them explained how he got here. Why he had a arrow in his chest and why he found pleasure in it. He still didn't know why ever thing