talk. Only thing about me is the way I walk..."

 Castiel winces, slowly chewing through hot wing no.6. "I am unsure which of these experiences is worse."

 Dean belts out the rest of the chorus, and Sam pats Cas on the arm with a sympathetic smile. A sly fox-like smile tugs up one corner of his mouth. "You could always join him. Misery loves company, they say."

 Cas squints at him. "I do not trust this "they," but I trust you, Sam." He wipes his fingers on a napkin and marches to the stage with hot sauce smeared on his face.

 Sam grins, "My brave little soldier."

 Dean sings, "A perfect body with a perfect face - uh-huh." as Cas gets to the stage and the shock on his face is priceless.

 The DJ hands Cas a second microphone and he joins his friend. Dean's grin is nearly blinding; he howls along to the chorus with an arm slung around Cas's shoulder. They sway together as Cas's gravelly alto joins in with Dean's, and he's shyly smiling, eyes lit up.

 The song ends, Dean thumps Cas repeatedly on the back and holds out his hand for a low-five, "Slap me some skin!" Cas catches on quickly, not leaving Dean hanging. "Yeah!" They return to the table, all grins.

 Sam smiles, "That's on my phone now. Nice job, Cas."

 "You were right, Sam. spreading the misery definitely made it more pleasurable." Cas smirks just a little, head ducked, and pops a few fries into his mouth.

 "Hey!" Dean steals a handful of fries and shoves them in his mouth, chewing furiously, "Screw you, I'm awesome."

 "Sure, Dean." Sam rolls his eyes and Cas snatches his fries out of Dean's reach. Cas puts a single fry between his lips and wiggles it up and down, an eyebrow arched. Dean shakes his head and laughs.


 



***

 

 Dean is not happy. He's in his fed threads, strike one; in an elevator, strike two; and freaking UB-40's "Red Red Wine" is playing, strike three. He really should've known better, there are many reasons to avoid elevators, and terrible music is one of them. Just, the office of the shape-shifter working here is up on the 20th floor. If he somehow managed to catch the freak flat-footed, he'd probably be too out of breath to even draw a bead fast enough to do anything.

 Castiel is beside him humming along softly, and this is one time Dean is unhappy his friend has picked up one of his habits. "Cas. Hey Cas." Dean snaps his fingers in front of the angel's face.

 "What is it, Dean?" Cas looks at him, and as usual the sheer undivided focus of his gaze is nearly overwhelming.

 Dean tugs at his collar, looks away. "Dude, this song is annoying enough on its own. Please, don't hum along, man." Castiel is silent for so long that when Dean glances up, they're passing the 16th floor. He looks over again.

 Cas looks him straight in the eye and licks his lips slowly, deliberately. His gaze drops to Dean's mouth and then flits back up to his eyes. Studiedly casual, he murmurs, "Perhaps you could find a better way to occupy my mouth, if you really wished."

 Dean swallows, mouth gone dry, and then the elevator doors are opening onto the 20th floor. He forces a grin, "Oh, maybe just a whistle. You know how to whistle, don't you, Cas? You just put your lips together and...blow," he drops a wink and strides past the angel out into the flickering neon light of the hallway.





***

 

 Dean, Cas and Sam are at the kind of old greasy spoon most of the locals in town hit for Sunday brunch, just finishing lunch. Dean's tucking into cherry pie; Cas gets up and puts a song on the jukebox while Sam hits the men's room.

 As Cas slides back into the booth beside Dean, his friend pushes his plate of pie over. "This is pretty good, Cas, you gotta' try some."

 Cas's eyes light up, and his hand brushes over Dean's as he takes the fork and cuts off a piece. Dean's head whips over to the juke as familiar strains of slide-played blues guitar starts and a delighted smile spreads slowly across his face. "Travelin' Riverside Blues? Freakin' awesome. When'd you get such good taste in music, Cas?"

 Cas pauses, fork part way to his mouth and smiles softly up at Dean. "Slowly, as time went by... it just built." His pale pink lips close around his flaky cherry morsel and he gives a quiet pleased moan.

 Dean flushes, high points of color making his freckles