Jongdae let out a girly scream and flailed his arms, sending draggers at Sehun when he stood up. The younger was cackling, hiding behind Yixing. His boyfriend was the only one staying still, taking his time to get used to the chilliness of the water.

“They’re still kids,” Kyungsoo chuckled fondly. “Always running around and screaming.”

Jongin laughed a little, his eyes forming crescents. “That’s fun!”

Looking at him from the corner of his eyes, Kyungsoo offered him a smile. “That’s true. And Chanyeol is always ready to have fun!”

“I’m glad he invited me here. I never saw this side of him before.” Jongin explained, rubbing the nape of his neck self-consciously.

Chanyeol’s best friend stared at him with his mouth agape. “Oh? Really?”

The younger nodded, biting his lips. They had caught up with the rest of the group and stopped near the edge to finish their conversation. “He’s usually quiet with me, he makes me smile and laugh of course, it’s Chanyeol,” He smiled at the thought. “But he’s more serious, more…adult I guess. I don’t know.”

Kyungsoo looked thoughtfully at his best friend splashing water at Sehun and smiled a little. “Maybe he wants to impress you, to make you feel safe. I’m not saying he’s faking his attitude, but it seems that he had only showed you a little part of him.”

Jongin didn’t know how to interpret it and that made him frown.

Chanyeol called them then, asking them to jump into the water already and Jongin waved at him, shaking his head. His boyfriend pouted, looking from Kyungsoo to Jongin before shrugging and going back to annoy Sehun and Yixing.

Jongin let out a soft sigh, putting his toe in the water to test the temperature and was surprised to find it not that cold. Maybe he should go for it after all.

Flashing Kyungsoo a smile, he entered the water slowly, taking his time, before joining the rest of the guys. Baekhyun splashed him as soon as he came closer and Jongin squeaked when the water hit his naked chest. “Cold!”

Chanyeol guffawed and swam towards him to hug him, wetting the younger completely. Jongin groaned and hit his chest before leaning into his embrace. Securely held by Chanyeol’s arms, Jongin pressed a small kiss to his wet shoulder.

His boyfriend hugged him tighter, and Jongin wrapped his legs around his waist, his arms circling his neck. Chanyeol walked them closer to their friends who were played fighting together, laughing into Jongin’s ear. Baekhyun finally forced them to separate and tried to sink Chanyeol, manhandling him with the help of his taekwondo’s skills.

Jongin watched amusedly as his boyfriend struggled to get free, flailing his arms everywhere. He couldn’t help but worry they would get hurt though, but Jongdae and Sehun’s laughs made him relax. They were used to it, and so must be Chanyeol and Baekhyun.

Looking at his boyfriend having fun with his friends made him truly happy, but he couldn’t help but feel left out anyway. Chanyeol looked so carefree and content here, without him. He never showed this side of him to Jongin before, well it was more that Jongin never saw him without him. They had begun dating shortly after meeting each other after all.

Kyungsoo’s words came back to him and a thought suddenly nagged at him. It wasn’t that he was disappointed by Chanyeol, he was rather curious about all of his boyfriend’s sides, but it made him feel boring next to him.

Chanyeol was always smiling and laughing, his boyfriend was a social butterfly, and kinda loud. Everybody loved him and wanted to be his friend. Whereas Jongin was quiet and shy, avoiding people’s interaction and hadn’t much friends. They were polar opposite and it worried the younger, what if Chanyeol became bored of him? What if he found him plain and not that interesting after all?

Yixing cleared his throat next to him and Jongin jumped at the sound. “Spacing out?”

“Yes, sorry.” The younger mumbled, smiling sheepishly.

The musician chuckled and patted his back. “Don’t worry, I’m worse than you.”

Jongin offered him a sincere smile and decided to come out of the water. Kyungsoo followed him with his eyes as he approached and looked at him curiously when he passed by him without stopping. When he turned his head towards his friends, he saw Chanyeol’s eyes fixed on Jongin’s retreating back, and frowned.

The younger quickly made his way to their tents, being careful not to drip water in it when retrieving a towel. Drying himself off, he looked into space, lost in thoughts. Steps echoed behind him, and he turned around to see Chanyeol coming his way.

“Why did you leave?” The younger asked, confused.

Chanyeol bent down to take his own towel and arched one of his eyebrows. “I should be