d subjected him to the Winter Soldier process hadn’t started returning in full. There was nothing structurally wrong with his brain. Maybe the neurons that’d stored those memories were fried beyond saving. He didn’t know. They didn’t know. It’s not like he didn’t understand the majority of the science that went into it all. People tended to forget how smart he was and how he’d had plans for college, on a full scholarship even, before the war had come. It got lost in the reflected shine of being Steve Rogers’ childhood best friend. It was just another blow on being in control of his own body.

Even after all this time, there were still parts of him that weren’t left untouched by Zola and HYDRA.

So walking into his room after that meeting, the air had immediately seemed off. He scans the room and nothing’s been disturbed. The windows are still shut. The curtains pulled and the bed immaculately made. The house staff that wander in and out of his rooms had taken some getting used to. But this wasn’t that. This presence that lingered in the air didn’t smell like the many staff he’d grown accustomed to. It felt foreign even if benign.

He pulls the knife tucked into his spare boots by the door and holds it out as he clears his suite of rooms. Every potential hiding spot is devoid of any signs of life. His bedroom and the other more interior rooms are completely untouched by the feel of that presence. It’s when he gets back to the kitchen, laying his hand on the table, the knife trapped underneath, when he spots the discreet white box. There’s a card under the matching white ribbon with his name scrawled on it in handwriting that’s familiar though he can’t place it.



I know how they are about weapons in this place. But don’t think I don’t know about the variety of knives you’ve stowed around your room and on your person when you walk around this place. Don’t forget they know it too. It’s simply through T’Challa’s grace and respect for Steve, and possibly even you, that allows us the privilege of them looking the other way.

Please don’t ruin it for us all.

But that’s beside the point. You’ve probably surmised by now that I haven’t told Steve everything. The stories and the histories never did get the full truth of you. 

I figured you might appreciate this. It’s the style of knife you favored when I knew you. I don’t think it’s your actual one but I sourced a fairly accurate reproduction.

The past isn’t pretty but it’s what made us who we are today. We each come to terms with that in our own way.

NR

He lifts the top off the box and nestled within the folds of tissue paper are a set of two knives. The Gerber Mark I and Mark II. He remembers the Mark II in the fight with Steve on the overpass. The black anodized blades on both feel comfortable and familiar. He lifts the Mark II and twirls it in his hand. The heft and weight of it are perfect. Balanced and honed just the way he’d prefer it. He has a feeling she would know where his actual one from back then would actually be. Not the one from that overpass fight, but then one from when they knew each other.

Bucky traces his flesh finger lightly along the blade. Any more pressure and he’d slice his finger off. These would have definitely appealed to him if he’d had a choice in picking them. They appeal to him now and he’s not the man who picked these out at all. Or maybe he had been. Had there been enough of him fighting its way to the surface of whatever state he was in to make these choices if he would still make the same choices today? What does that say about him? What does that say about the man he was and is?

He takes to carrying both knives with him. The Mark I tucked in his boot and the Mark II tucked in his pocket because of course Natasha had also provided him with the sheaths that allowed him to wear them concealed on his person. She thought of everything, but her head was clearer than his by a long shot. Bucky still didn’t know what kind of game she was playing with him. If it even was a game she was playing. He sensed no ill intent behind it. That didn’t mean not knowing what she was doing any easier.

Because the truth of the matter is they were all wanted fugitives. Sticking their heads outside the palace walls likely meant death. Natasha had the illusion of being able to freely come and go simply because she was able to keep herself undetected. Steve and the rest of Bucky’s fellow exiles were beginning to get frustrated with being trapped in their gilded cage. Their loyalty to Steve had gotten them in this mess