’s a turn on,” you added, sitting back in your seat with a look of utter deviance.

“I’m game,” said Luke unexpectedly.

“What? Why?” asked Reid, looking across the table, perplexed. Luke was grinning too now and Spencer seemed o be the only person against it.

“You heard the lady,” answered Luke. “It’s a turn-on, and that’s the mood she wants to be in. So it’s our duty.”

Spencer looked at you then back at Luke, trying to work out what had just happened; but for some reason, he wasn’t ruling it out. It was almost like things started happening while Reid was still processing it, trying to decide. But suddenly he was on his feet and Luke was right there in front of him with you sat right there watching with anticipation.

You looked on, feeling a small rush of adrenaline as you watched their lips move toward each other; your hand sliding down to grip lightly at your own thigh. The moment their lips met, it was like a switch had been flipped. Suddenly, hands began searching bodies before your eyes and the two men became entwined in each other.

Luke’s strong frame seemed to command Spencer’s, which made you think that he might be more into it than he’d originally let on. Either way, you couldn’t pull your eyes away from it, watching as their hips pressed together, their bodies yearning for one another. It wasn’t till your breathing laboured slightly that you even realised that you’d begun to touch yourself.

That was it, you wanted in. Pushing back your chair, you got to your feet, moving around the table toward the heavily distracted Luke and Spencer. When your hand pulled Spencer away, Luke looked confused, almost disappointed; but he didn’t complain. Your lips locked onto your boyfriend’s, drawing him into you as he had been drawn into Luke. The only difference being the hand that lingered away from Spencer, moving instead over to Luke’s waist before stroking across to the bulge in his jeans.

When the idea crossed your mind, you had to go for it, dragging Spencer down as if you were going to let him have you on the floor in front of Luke but you stopped at your knees. Pulling away from Spencer you looked into his eyes with want and lust but it was Luke that you pulled forward.

Spencer looked confused, trying to work out what you were doing as you tugged Luke forward by his jeans. Taking Spencer’s hand in yours, you guided it to the button of Luke’s jeans. All thought and logic had gone out of the window and instinct ruled as Spencer complied, undoing the button of Luke’s jeans without a word.

You both shared a similar grin as Luke’s semi-excited length finally escaped his pants, hanging in the air between you and Spencer. Fingers ran down its length, taking in each detail of its feel and teasing the throbbing heartbeat to bring it to full attention.

Pursing your lips, you delicately kissed the side of Luke’s enlarged end closest to you, winking to Spencer as you did. He didn’t need much explaining as he joined in on the other side a few kisses later. Luke was showing his full potential very quickly, your hands cupping and caressing as both of you worked up and down each side of him; but it wasn’t till you took Luke into your mouth between two wet lips that he let out the first sign that he was enjoying it. Spencer moved down, letting his tongue cup and caress as your hands had been doing, his hands stroking down Luke’s inner thigh.

You couldn’t help yourself, the pure eroticism of the situation made your hands journey back down so that you could pull up your skirt and pleasure yourself in time with your head movements. A quick glance showed you that Spencer had also let his free hand travel south, releasing his pants to expose himself. Spencer looked back at you, a connection of glances seemingly able to convey what words in that moment never would have.

Reid shifted away, standing so that he could pull his pants completely down before he moved around behind Luke; whose head had rolled back and whose hands were now both in your hair. A hand on each ankle told Luke to move his feet apart so that Spencer could move into position.

Spencer was now sat on the floor between Luke’s feet, naked from the waist down and fully erect with a perfectly sculpted ass right in front of him. You moved forward on your knees so you could straddle Spencer while still using your mouth to pleasure Luke.

After a little shuffling, you could feel Spencer pressed against your hot, wet pleasure and all you wanted was for both of the BAU agents to penetrate you. Sitting slowly, you accepted Spencer’s entire length at once, holding onto Luke’s hips for stability but letting your guard down for a moment.

Luke rolled his hips into your mouth, the head of