bed, he nearly fell asleep right then and there. He would never take the comfort of a bed for granted ever again. It was the only thing there to help him get through whatever came his way at work tomorrow.

Notes:

Started: 2013年5月7日（火）

Finished: 2013年5月9日（木）

I have not abandoned this fic, nor do I ever plan on doing so. Updates will be slower for this one, but it won't be to the point where it's only one new chapter a month or something like that. At least it's a longer chapter; it's been a while since I've had a chapter go past the 2,000 words mark.

The second day of work passed by much like the first. If the routine-like and unchanging parts of the day were bad yesterday, then today they were worse. Cloud thought that his brain was going to melt by the end of the week. The simple and nearly mindless tasks of filing and delivering paperwork all around the upper and lower floors of the building were exactly the same, and the bit of wonder that struck him every time he had to find a new room faded quickly.

"To the SOLDIER floor," Sephiroth said, dumping three folders stuffed with reports into Cloud's arms. "And wipe that look off your face. You've already got one strike against you, Strife."

Cloud turned to leave, already knowing what to do. Wait, one strike? Crap, he didn't slip and show any emotion, did he? He started to get a little nervous as he walked to the elevators, letting himself relax and freely express the uh-oh feeling once he was in the confined space. He was going to have to be more careful; any mistakes, and he knew that Sephiroth would eagerly jump at the chance to throw him out. God damn, the man was pushing his buttons at more frequent intervals now, no doubt testing him, as Cloud thought the reason to be.

"Cloud! It's been a while!"

The folders nearly fell out of his hands and a few sheets of paper flew out and onto the floor when Cloud felt someone smack his upper back. He turned and glared at Zack, the apologetic look on his friend's face not helping to ease his mood.

"It took me hours to get this stuff organized!" Cloud groaned. He bent over awkwardly to hunt for the missing papers. Zack picked up the reports and slipped them into the folders, then took the folders from Cloud.

"Sorry. But how's it going?" Zack took the reports to the Briefing Room and crammed them into a file cabinet. "My eyes hurt just from looking at these. It doesn't help that there are even more."

"You can't be serious." Cloud didn't bother trying to hide his grimace when he discovered that Zack wasn't playing around.

"This stuff has always been a pain. Usually, though, it's not that bad. Right now everybody's being driven up the wall because it's recruitment season." Zack took out a small box overfilled with more papers, scraped off a small pile from the top, and handed the papers to Cloud. "I'll take the rest. Anyways, the new recruits applying for the SOLDIER program along with the performance evaluations done every month bring almost everybody to tears. Then there are also reports, but those don't come in bulk often, unless there's a war going on. Thankfully, that hasn't happened very recently, and I hope it stays that way." Zack paused to get the elevator doors to open before Cloud went ahead and pressed the up button for him. "Thanks. I'm going to try to get out of some of my assignments to help out. Sephiroth is a complete nightmare this time of year."

"How does he survive all of this?"

"I really don't know. I always make some time to help him, but he does most of the work. Second and Third Class SOLDIERs have to explain some of the things to expect in the program during orientation week and take a look at the new recruits to see if any don't qualify, and I'm always called out to participate." Cloud opened the door to Sephiroth's office for Zack.

"Only the second day and you're already looking for an excuse to slack off. That's two strikes against you now, Strife."

"He wasn't slacking," Zack denied for Cloud. "I was explaining to him about the terrible period of time known as recruitment season." Zack placed the box onto Sephiroth's desk, crushing some of the papers already on there. "You know the drill for this one. All of these have to get done by the end of the month."

The end of the month... That was about another three weeks from now! Cloud was starting to wonder if it was actually possible to clear out everything in the box and what was still left over to catch