s angry faces.

"You bastard... You have eaten all your bento already?" He didn't have to even hear the answer, because he knew that if he could, Miyuki would swallowed lunches from the hafl of studendts in this school.

"How much time do we have?" Asked catcher stretched lazily and yawning widely. The weather was beautiful. The sun was shining high in the sky, and light breeze caressed the skin in a pleasant way. The rest during long break was, without a doubt, the best part of the whole day at school.

"Twenty minutes." Youichi answered and leaned against the wall while straightening his legs.

"Perfect." Miyuki lay right next to a friend, and without asking has placed head on his knees. He smiled while seeing, confusion and blush on his friend's face. Kuramochi gulped and put his hand on Kazuya's hair with shyness. He didn't know why, but he felt a pleasant tickling in his stomach. Miyuki grabbed with his hand a tie of other boy's uniform and start to play with it. With his other hand he grabbed a Youichi's hand and moved it from his hair to his cheek. He looked into his eyes.

"Kazuya ... Don't mess with me." Kuramochi stroked his friend's cheek.

But Miyuki didn't answer him. He closed his eyes, not letting Youichi's warm hand.

At the same time Eijun went out into the courtyard. When he saw the younger of Kominato brothers, who sat on a bench under a big tree, he smiled happily and waved him from afar. Haruichi returned the smile and patted the place next to him.

"I'm sorry Haruichi-kun." Eijun sat next to a friend and bowed his head a little. "I guess I should warn you yesterday that we won't eat lunch together. But I have something for apology!" He said a proud voice, and he took from his school bag not too large box. When he opened it, it turned out that inside were two pieces of cheesecake with raisins. "Your brother told me that it's your favorite cake."

Kominato hung his head with a subtle smile on his face. Visible blush appeared on his cheeks. Sawamura, however, liked to eat lunch with him every day.

"I am really looking forward to today's workout!" Said Eijun excited.

"You say that every day. You always can't wait to workout." Joked Haruichi gorging cake with taste.

"I know, but today Chris-senpai will catch my balls! Besides, I have to train to beat Furuya." The mere thought of this bastard, Eijun clenched his hands into fists and grinding his teeth furiously. "I will not lose!"

"I know." Boy in pink hair looked at his friend and put hand on his hand. "I know you can do it Sawamura-kun."

"Thank you, Haruichi-kun."

After school it was time for a workout. Kataoka coach was demanding as ever. At the start, all boys had run thirty laps around the field. It doesn't matter whether they were regulars or not. Later, as usual, they were doing stretching exercises. At the end of the warm-up all were doing push-ups, sit-ups, spikes and other exertion exercises. After a short break, the players were sent to train their individual skills. Eijun was full of enthusiasm. He stood in the bullpen and founded a glove. Opposite him, Chris has set in catcher's place and pulled his face protector.

"At the beginning throw the ball in the middle." Ordered the older boy and glove set.

Sawamura nodded and did what Takigawa asked for. The ball blown off a little off course, but it was not bad.

Eijun didn't see him, but Ikeda watched him intently from behind the fence. Impatiently waited for the end of training. He couldn't wait to go together for the promised walk. Actually he had an idea. He decided to surprise Sawamura. He hid around the corner of the building, where the team held its equipment and patiently waited. Haruichi was very apprehensive, so he immediately saw Ikeda, who was hiding around the corner. The boy growled with displeasure and grimaced with anger. His brother right away noticed it and asked if everything was okay, but the younger boy didn't want to say anything. Kataoka coach announced the end of training. Haruichi watched Ikeda, who just sneak into Eijun from behind and suddenly covered his eyes with his hands.

"Guess who?" He said into the ear of a young pitcher and stood so close to him that quite touched his back.

Eijun grabbed the hands of his new friend. He felt that he is all red in the face, but he couldn't hide his smile. "Kiseki-kun ..." He said quietly, and uncovered his eyes.

The whole team, including the coach, Rei-san and managers, watched this scene more or less curious. Miyuki crossed his arms and frowned seeing how much