especially cold, but there’s no movement to keep me warm. I arrived to wait for Potter at eleven thirty. Not because I’m extremely desperate, or anything of that nature. I just… Don’t have much else to do. I’ve thought about reconciling with Goyle, but haven’t gotten to it, so as of yet I don’t exactly have friends at the moment. Freezing my ass off waiting for a boy is about as exciting as anything else I could be doing right now.



A couple of first year girls come by, giggling madly. I watch boredly as they together urge their fellows to try going in the Shack. It’s a bit amusing, to see people gossip eagerly about the place. The most exciting thing to happen there in the past several months is just… Well. I flush from more than just cold thinking about that night. A part of me still doubts whether it was truly sincere. Perhaps it was just some elaborate prank. Potter may be planning to just leave me hanging, or throw something at me, or…



“Hey!” Just as my thoughts are trailing down a dark path, Potter jogs up to me. His hair is sticking out under his hat every which way, and it looks ridiculous. Weirdly attractive though, and I’m not the only one to notice judging by the squeals that rise from the girls when he approaches. He only has eyes for me though, tugging his collar awkwardly when he stops in front of me. “You been waiting long?”



“Yes,” I snap, scowling heavily. Mentally kick myself; why must I default to being a dick? Potter only chuckles and grabs my hand with feigned ease. The little of his face I can see poking out from his scarf reddens slightly, but his voice is steady.



“You’re freezing!” he murmurs, squeezing my fingers. The girls start to whisper curiously, no doubt about us, but he doesn’t acknowledge them. “Maybe we should go to the Three Broomsticks?”



“I don’t know about that,” I mutter, too aware of the curious eyes on me. “It’s so crowded there, and we’re getting plenty of looks even here.”



“You’ll get used to the stares,” he says, with a knowing look in his eye. Of course, he’s dealt with this his whole life at Hogwarts. I still can’t help but squirm, under both the close scrutiny of the girls and his steady gaze. He must see that, because he continues, “Or… Actually, here.” He rummages through his pocket and throws his Invisibility Cloak over the both of us. The girls squeal when we vanish. I flush, if possible, even deeper, now that he’s standing close to ensure our feet aren’t visible. “Better?”



“Absolutely not!” I hiss, but maybe it is, a little bit. I’d like to get away from the girls, who are now groping to see if they can find us, so I snatch his hand and tug him away at a rapid pace. Potter walks along complacently, a strange, satisfied smile on his face. After a moment he starts to laugh. I huff hugely. “What 

now?”




“Nothing, just… This is where I once threw mud at you, remember? In our third year.”



“Oh, great. That’s exactly what to talk about on a date. Real smooth.”



“So this is a date, then?”



...Crap. “Piss off.”


---
 When we enter the Three Broomsticks, I immediately remove the Cloak. Malfoy sputters indignantly, as I should have foreseen.


“W-what? Are you crazy? If anything, this is the one place we 

must 

wear it!”



“Look, if you want to try getting through a crowd invisible without bumping into someone, be my guest.” I push the bundled up cloak into his hands. “Find a seat.” I walk off, leaving him sputtering in his usual indignation. I squeeze through the crowd up to Madam Rosmerta. “Two butterbeers, please.”



“Two?” she murmurs with a raised brow as she rummages to get our drinks. “Here with a special someone, Potter?” 



“Something like that,” I say awkwardly. Reach over for the drinks but she wiggles them tantalizingly out of reach. 



“Not so fast, dear!” she teases. “Go on, spill! Who’s the lucky girl?” 



Girl. Yikes. That… feels weird. Of course I should be dating a girl. What the hell am I doing? This is just, crazy. And it’s absolutely 

not

 something I want to spill my guts on. Not just yet, anyway. Instead, I draw my wand. “

Accio butterbeers!” 

The two bottles jerk from her grip and land promptly in my waiting hand. I grin. “Thanks, Ro,” I say, tossing over four sickles and hurrying off.



It’s ridiculously easy to find Malfoy amid the crowd of