out from under Legolas and set his hand in the Elf's neck to push him harder into the wooden boards that made up the floor. Legolas grabbed at it with his now free hands but Bolg's grip was powerful. His hands shot to his clothes however when he felt his tunic being pushed up and large filthy fingers hook at the hem of his breeches. He should fight harder! if he wasn't going to fight now, Bolg would take him like he was some toy to play with! Nothing more then a slave! 

With renewed effort Legolas squirmed and turned around hitting with a fist across the jaw of the large Orc. Bolg was momentarily stunned and Legolas tried to bolt. Struggling out of the Orc's grip and going for his sword. However, the Orc was quick to grab an ankle and he made the Prince fall flat on his stomach. Inches away from his sword. As he tried to reach it, Bolg dragged him back and tore at his breeches. The laces that kept them together snapped and a cry of protest left the Elf as he reached down to keep the Orc from ripping them off. Bolg hit Legolas square in his face and for the moment it stunned the elf. It gave Bolg enough time to jank down the Elf's breeches and turn him over to his stomach again.

A shudder of shock and horror tore through the Prince as he felt the cold air hit his flawless pale skin. Bolg felt it and growled pleased to the physical reaction. Though he still smelled no fear. Despite what he was doing, the elf still didn't fear him, or what was happening. There was only hate. Raw anger that made this bitterness taste so sweet. And disgust towards him. Legolas tried to kick Bolg from where he lay but having the heavy Orc on top of him made it difficult to move his limbs the way he wanted.

Bolg used his weight to pin the elf down and then took both his arms. Taking them in a single handed, crushing grip behind the elf's back. Legolas groaned in pain and tried to squirm out of the grip. His arms were bend too far upwards for it not to hurt. The only thing the Elf could pray for now was that no one would see. This humiliation, this filthy fight... He prayed to the Valar that no one would see. Especially not Tauriel. What would she think of him when she found him like this? Would she not think that he should have fought harder? 

However the Elven Prince could not hold on to his worries for long. They were swept from him as he felt something different pressed up against him between his thighs. Bolg was using his free hand to explore him. Legolas squeezed his eyes shut and tried to do the same for his legs. But with the Orc between them it was impossible to cut off access to his lower regions. He made no sound. Not even when he felt a thick rough finger over his entrance, probing, pushing to get inside. No, screaming would only alarm people nearby and making protests would only provoke the Orc more. It was best to keep very still and very quiet. 

Legolas bit his lip when the finger breached him. He could feel it enter and it took all his effort not to groan in discomfort at the large stretch. He was already relieved that the Orc had the sense to explore him first. What if he had pushed his arousal in right away? He would have ripped Legolas apart. The elf had felt him pressed against his body through their clothes. Already then he could tell that the Orc had a monstrous size. Judging from the way he was build, larger and stronger and above all smarter then the rest of the Orcs, It came as no surprise that his cock was that big. 

Legolas tried to even out his breathing, but it was hard to do so when a thick finger was relentlessly probing inside. Pushing almost painfully. Roughly sliding along his inner walls with no care if it should bring any pain or not. The dull stinging was persistent and Legolas was just as persistent to keep quiet. That became harder to do however when Bolg pressed in a second finger. Sneering full of amusement to the elf.


"You're a pretty one. How much until you rip elf whore?"


Bolg only spoke in the dark orc language. But Legolas could understand every word. And it made him feel sick to his stomach.


"Whether you can take it or not. You will take my cock inside little Elf trash. Every bit of it."


Legolas bit his tongue. How gladly did he want to spit so much vile words at the Orc. But considering his nature, that would only please him. And Legolas would not grant him that pleasure. He answered in elven language. Calm but clearly irritated.

"You may take my body Orc, but you will not take my spirit."

Bolg perhaps thought it to be an insult that Legolas was spouting. He could only snarl and grip at the Elf's arms tighter and force in a third of his too-thick fingers. Legolas bit his tongue