touching and their strides matched. Dean doesn’t think he imagines the abrupt drop in hubbub that greets their arrival, because he feels Sammy tense beside him.

“Damn,” Sam murmurs out of the corner of his mouth. “It’s Topeka High all over again.”

Dean snorts. 

He’d been in his senior year when Dad had dragged them to a safe house in Topeka. Their second week at the local high school, they’d walked into the Cafeteria at lunch time—side-by-side—and the entire room had fallen silent. Somehow, word had got around that they were the sons of a powerful mob boss. Dean had played up to it, enjoying the notoriety. Sam had hated it.

Dean signals Ellen to bring them a couple of beers and they make their way to a booth. Once they’ve settled into it, the general hubbub starts back up again and Dean gives his brother a wry smile.

“So,” he says to Ellen when she comes across with two bottles of Budweiser and two glasses balanced on a round black tray. “What have the mean girls at the popular table been saying about us?”

Ellen huffs out a laugh and shakes her head. “Ain’t nothing,” she says. “Just Gordon and Kubrick with their usual pissin’ and moanin’.”

But her lips thin and her eyes slide sideways to Sam when she says it, so Dean has a pretty good idea what it is that Gordon and Kubrick are pissing and moaning about. And so does Sam if the way his shoulders slump are any indication.

As soon as Ellen leaves, Sam starts.

“Dean,” he begins, but Dean cuts him off.

“I’m not having this conversation with you again, Sam. I chose you to be my second. Anybody doesn’t respect my decisions can go fuck themselves.”

Sam nods. “I get that, I do. But maybe the problem is that Dad had me pretty much benched when he was in charge, and you’ve mostly had me hacking police and FBI databases. It’s been a while since anyone saw me in action.”

Dean scoffs. “If they don’t remember you driving getaway cars at fifteen, hell, fourteen years old, if they don’t remember you earning your bones when you were seventeen,” Sam winces at the reminder of his first kill, “then that is their problem.”

“I’m just saying,” Sam says evenly, “that I can see where they’re coming from. A lot of these guys, they don’t trust me anymore, they think going to college made me lose my edge. And maybe they think you don’t fully trust me either, the way you’re keeping me mostly in the background.”

Dean has to concede that Sam has a point. He can see how it might look to outsiders.

Still, he shakes his head. “You’ve got valuable skills that not many of our people have. Any bozo can break heads. Not many people can hack the FBI database.”

Sam studies the condensation dripping down his beer with intensity.

“But,” Dean says. Sam’s head comes up. “Maybe we need to give them a demonstration,” he looks across to where Gordon and Kubrick are holding court over by the pool tables. “Feel like playing a little pool, Sammy?”

Sam looks across to the pool tables. “It’ll have to be Gordon,” he says. “He’s the leader of the pack.”

Dean nods his agreement. “You can take him, little brother. I have faith in you.”

--

Sam learned a lot at Stanford, Dean’s prepared to concede that. One thing he learned was how to be an arrogant, condescending dick. Although, he was actually pretty good at that even before he went to college; college just seems to have refined his talents. It’s good though, watching someone else being on the receiving end of College Boy’s epic, condescending dickishness and Dean’s not going to lie, he’s enjoying watching the vein in Gordon’s neck throb furiously.

It only takes one more patronising comment for Gordon to take a swing. Sam ducks and dances around behind the bigger man and manages to get him in a headlock. Gordon doesn’t know when to cry Uncle, he’s stubborn that way, and Dean’s crew gets to watch him pass out, Sam holding him tightly, squeezing his neck and refusing to let go.  

Gordon pisses himself as Sam lowers his unconscious body to the floor. Dean checks his pulse and shakes his head. 

“He’s gonna have a sore throat for a couple weeks, but he’ll be okay,” he turns and surveys the silent crowd.  “I chose Sam to be my capo bastone because he’s strong and he’s smart. He was born into the Life, and at an age when most of you were still tryin’ to figure out what your dicks were for, Sam was earning his button the old fashioned way