aloud in the theater... but Naruto couldn't deny he was right. This was pretty lame. What was this? So far the Oni guy (who by the way was waaaaay too good looking for a monster) walked around looking entirely uninterested in the world around him. The action scenes there had been were few and far between and padded by large amounts of romantic... stuff. It wasn't even good romantic stuff, Naruto had traveled with a writer for three years and he felt he could at least tell good romantic stuff when he saw it. He wasn't seeing it.

"About three things I was absolutely positive. First, Enichi was an Oni. Second, there was a part of him-and I didn't know how potent that part might be-that thirsted for death and destruction. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him." 

Oh for all that was holy... that was a line from the movie he was watching right now. It was painful. Someone got paid to write that. And he glittered! The Oni glittered in the sunlight! It was too much. Naruto gave a pained gaze over at Hinata but she seemed pretty entranced by the whole thing. Maybe she was watching with rose-tinted glasses due to being a fan of the books. The written stories had to be better. Naruto's only real entertainment had come from his battle between himself and Konohamaru for the popcorn. The boys had sat next to each other and their respective dates on either side. Naruto ended up surrendering the popcorn to Konohamaru but was given free reign to stick his hand in for what he wanted. It was a good truce, plus Konohamaru had finally stopped complaining which made things more tolerable. Maybe by the end of this thing the movie would make up for itself. He took another handful of popcorn to get the energy to survive it.

Once the credits started rolling Naruto was met with a sense of relief he hadn't known before. Wow, that went on way too long. The big battle Hanabi had talked about at the end was just two of the Glitter Oni's fighting each other over that girl. Who's face looked like she was in pain at all times by the way. Seriously why fight for this woman? They couldn't have gotten a better actress for this role? The books had to be better right? He wanted to ask that of Hinata but she looked just pleased as could be for having watched the movie. Naruto figured she must have gotten out even less than himself so it was satisfying in a way to have done something to make her smile like that. Well his sacrifice wasn't in vain at least. She glanced over at Naruto. "So did you like it?" Crap, she would ask that. Naruto put on the best fake smile he could muster and responded.

"Oh yeah, it was pretty good." Thank you Kakashi-sensei, your amazing techniques in bullshitting have rubbed off on your student and it was allowing Naruto to deliver these lines believably. Okay, lets take the pressure off himself. "Right Konohamaru, you liked it didn't you?" He turned to face the kid that had been holding his popcorn all through the movie for him, but got something he didn't expect. "Dammit! He did it again!" Naruto blurted out aloud as Hinata leaned forward to see what was the matter. Next to Naruto in the seats were a wooden log and a straw dummy. Konohamaru and Hanabi must have used the Ninja Replacement Technique to escape the theater without being noticed by their chaperons. Naruto was a bit relieved to have something to distract Hinata from asking him about the movie but he was going to beat that kid when he found him.

The teenage couple ran out of the theater doors looking for the two little escapees, thankfully it didn't take long. In the lobby Konohamaru and Hanabi were sitting at a table talking with one another. They ran over to where the two were sitting and approached them at the same time. Hinata put a hand on Hanabi's shoulder and let out a relieved sigh. "Oh thank goodness. Hanabi, where did you run off to? You scared me half to death."

"Where the hell did you run off to!" Naruto grabbed Konohamaru by both his shoulders and shook him a few times, nearly scaring him half to death. When he recovered from the sudden shock he pointed over to Hanabi.

"She wanted a soda!" The young girl was currently sitting in the chair calmly by her sister, sipping on a straw as if nothing was the matter. "She told me that since I'm her date I had to pay for it, so she made me come along." Naruto gave the two a glance, it made sense a bit but they were gone for probably the whole movie.

"Well okay but why didn't you come back then?" Naruto inquired further not letting Konohamaru go but Hanabi was the one to speak up this time.

"I wanted to go see Deception." Traitor! She snuck off to go