. You know, festive spirit and whatnot.”

“So after the park, I was thinking we could binge some of your fave movies,” Jace says, “How’s this sound:  Haunted Mansion  , then  Beetlejuice  , then  Lost Boys ?”

“Sounds fine. Cool,” Alec replies, still staring out the window. He sips his tea.

“I’m surprised you didn’t get a pumpkin spice latte. You wait all year for those.”

“Some cafés sell them all year ‘round,” Alec says after giving a half-assed shrug, “It’s not that special.”

“It kinda is. You don’t drink them before September.”

“Just because I wait for something doesn’t make it special,” Alec throws back, standing from their cozy spot in the corner, “Let’s go to the park now. I wanna get some photos for my portfolio.”

Jace is sitting on a park bench in front of a tree well on its way to hibernation. The leaves are sunset orange and all it takes is a light breeze to send them swaying through the air. Alec kneels on the pathway in front of the bench, taking extensive photographs of Jace.

“This lighting sucks. Stupid fucking gloom,” Alec pulls the camera from his face and glares at the viewfinder in disgust.

“I think the cloudy sky will make your photos look mysterious,” Jace says, shifting awkwardly on the bench, “You’re not giving me enough direction.”

“It’s fine. You’re fine. Just...do your thing. It’s more about the setting anyway.”

“I am offended. Why won’t your portfolio revolve around me?” Jace asks, pressing a palm to his chest. Alec laughs and takes a burst of photos, “No, don’t take pictures of me when I’m at my weakest.”

Jace readjusts, resting the back of his hand against his forehead. Alec snaps more pictures and, wow, Jace feels at ease, more comfortable than he has in the past two weeks.

Halfway through  The Lost Boys , Jace recognizes how close he and Alec are. Their knees are touching, his arm is draped on the couch behind Alec’s shoulders, a throw blanket is shared between their laps, and Alec is resting the popcorn against where their thighs graze each other.

"I don't know how to help you, Michael, so I'll just fuck you," Jace pipes up when the sex scene between Michael and Star begins. Illuminated by the screen’s glow, Alec turns to Jace and rolls his eyes at him.

“You really do hate her,” Alec says, but it sounds like a question.

“Yeah, man. She’s getting in the way of my...what’s it called? When you couple up two people that you think should be together?”

“Ship? OTP?”

“Yeah, that. OTP. David and Michael for life,” Jace says. He reaches into the bowl for a fistful of popcorn that he promptly crams into his mouth.

Alec takes the hint and pretends to focus on the movie, but really he’s thinking about Clary, how she'd gotten between them. Not quite their Star, but close enough. And really, Jace can’t hate Star because he’s the reason Clary ended up getting between them. Alec sips his root beer, something smug about the action, even though Jace can’t hear his thoughts, can’t be confronted by them.

“God, David’s so fucking obsessed,” Alec says as the film comes to an end.

"He reminds me of that guy from that other movie you like. You know, with all the weird puppets and David Bowie singing.”

“ Labyrinth . Which guy?”

“David Bowie.”

“Jareth.”

“Yeah, him. Like at the end, when Jareth is like, ‘I did everything you wanted’. David does the same thing: ‘I tried to make you immortal.’ But people are just ungrateful little shits.”

“I literally cannot believe you’re siding with Jareth  and  David,” Alec says. He pinches the bridge of his nose, “Okay, sure. Well, at the very least, David’s an asshole.”

“He’s pulling pigtails, man. He’s clearly in love with Michael.”

“And how did you come to that conclusion?” Alec asks. Jace takes a deep breath, and...

“Let’s start with David giving Michael his blood. It’s not like he’s running around turning everyone. Gets him high and fucks with his mind because he knows it’s the only way he’ll get to keep him. He never stops saying Michael’s name, talks to him in a way meant to keep him. ‘You’ll like it here, Michael.’ ‘Come with us, Michael.’ ‘Drink some of this, Michael.’

“What about, ‘Stop fighting me, Michael. I don’t want to kill you’? And when Michael asks if David