disappeared as Toudou let his eyes close. A blackboard, an eraser, clearing his mind—he tried not to think of the end goal, merely forced himself to empty out questions and doubts before he pictured the light again: beautiful, radiant, flowing light. He imagined it spreading through his limbs and his fingertips, glowing as it seeped from his body into the clearing. It was warm and welcoming, like the scent that had lured him here in the first place, calling to his mind to guide his body forth.

A haze settled on Toudou's mind. He felt the gentle sway of grass and crisp leaves being tossed by the wind, a soft breeze against his skin that ruffled his hair. Birds chirped in the background. The trees overhead rustled and fluttered, blocking the harsher rays of sunlight that heated his body. How long was this supposed to take? With a soft sigh, Toudou opened and closed his hands, yawned, and opened his eyes to stare at the colorful foliage until it blurred together into a canvas of brilliant fire.

How long it would take wasn't important, Toudou decided. He'd lie in this clearing until the moon rose in the sky if that's what he needed to do.

Toudou closed his eyes again and focused. On his breathing, on the whispers of the forest, on the light that was supposed to fill his being. He could do it; he could do it...

Something warm grazed his fingertips. Almost immediately his concentration was broken, but he felt it as clear as he felt the sun on his skin. With an excited squeal, Toudou sat bolt upright. The sensation was gone, but there was no doubt about it: it was the same as when Makishima had held his hands, the same inviting heat. Indigo eyes found Josephine, who was still sitting on the rock as though waiting. The spider lifted her legs, and dammit, who cared if she was creepy?! Magic! Toudou had felt magic; he was sure of it! On his first try (sort of)! Clearly, he was a natural witch, blessed in all things and meant for something great.

The grin that spread on Toudou's face was almost painful. Should he get Makishima? Should he try again? Wait, no—he had to tell Maki-chan he'd been successful! Maybe there were more tips; maybe they'd progress to a new phase of training once Makishima clearly saw how gifted Toudou was!

Toudou felt giddy as he walked back the few short steps to Makishima's door, which he wasn't surprised to see open when he got near. The green haired teen was looking at him warily, an air of disbelief painting his features as if he already knew that Toudou had been successful.

“Maki-chan! I felt it, I really felt it! It was so—so warm and so pleasant and—oh my gosh, I'll show you, I really felt it!”

When Toudou grabbed Makishima's hands, he wasn't sure, but he clenched them in his own and bounced on the spot. Makishima's brow twitched. “There's no need. I felt it, too.”

“Heh?” Toudou paused. So Makishima did know.

“I could feel it moving to you. I…” the witch seemed lost for words, but his lips twisted into a crooked grin. What was going on behind those blue eyes? Toudou felt a strong pull of curiosity—he wanted to know more, not just about magic, but about Makishima. How had he become a witch? Was Makishima powerful, or still learning like his friends at Crescent Healing? Why did he live alone in the wilderness with a spider?

Then, of all the things that Toudou could have asked, he blurted out, “What wasn't your fault?”

Silence met Toudou's words. Toudou knew he was intruding; he shouldn't have seen those memories, and he probably should not be asking about them. To his surprise, Makishima snickered. “When I was a kid I accidentally turned my older brother's dog into a spider. He wasn't very happy with me.”

“Oh. I don't think I would have been either,” Toudou laughed, and Makishima's shoulders shook with mirth as he extracted his hands from Toudou's. “Did you turn it back?”

“No, I didn't manage to. That's alright. She's kept me company for a long time.”

Kept Makishima company? Did that mean…? Toudou craned his neck to look for Josephine; she was scurrying along the beaten path towards Makishima, who bent down to scoop her up.

“Haven't you, girl? You don't miss being a slobbering, mangy dog, do you?”

Watching Makishima nuzzle right up against Josephine was bizarre, but Toudou felt he was becoming well adjusted to this bit of strangeness. When she crawled across Makishima's face to hide in his long hair, Toudou barely even shuddered.

“That's probably