up from the hospital, so we talked then.”

“Who are you?” Reid interrupts somewhat rudely, glancing between Hotch and her.

“You don’t remember?” she asks, frowning. “I was the one that hit you...for which I am, again, so sorry.”

“Oh.” Reid sits still for a few seconds. “It’s fine. I didn’t die, so there’s that.”

“Yeah, we talked a bit after I hit you, but you had the concussion, so you would have been kind of out of it.

“Not at all,” he replies, frowning. “Like you said, probably the concussion.”

“Would you like me to leave?” Aaron asks, getting ready to stand up. “I can leave you two alone-”

“No, don’t worry,” she stammers, just as Reid opens his mouth. “I only came to see if Reid looked okay.”

“I feel fine,” Reid replies, “even better than I felt three minutes ago when I last got asked.”

Abigail winces. “Again...sorry about that.”

“You were just worried. Don’t pay much mind to it.”

A silence between the three of them commences, with Reid opening a book - clumsily with only one good hand - and Aaron standing there with Abigail.

“What about insurance?” he asks, just to break the silence. “Was your car damaged?”

Abigail stiffens. “Not really. The paint might need to be redone around the front, but that’s all.” “I’ll pay for it,” Reid offers, but Abigail shakes her head.

“Don’t worry,” she replies, “my parents said they would pay for it.”

“That’s very generous of them,” Aaron remarks. He raises a questioning eyebrow at her.

“They sorta agreed it wasn’t my fault when I told them what happened.”

 She has very lenient parents , Aaron thinks tersely, but stops himself from saying it out loud. Perhaps he would become that kind of parent to Jack in the not-so-distant future; though probably not, based on his reputation in the office.

Abigail coughs. “I’ll leave you to it, since you have company now.”

“Actually, I do have to get back to my job,” Aaron says, checking his watch. “Lunch break is over.”

“You can stay to talk more if you want,” Reid suggests to her, eyeing the seat Aaron had left. “And it’s more interesting than  Dr. Phil .”

She pauses. “I think I’d like that,” she says, smiling slightly. “Do they still show reruns of  Jeremy Kyle US at this time?”

Aaron nods goodbye to Reid silently, who nods and waves back with his good hand. The last thing he sees before he turns around  and walks through the door is Abigail sitting down on the chair and scooting it over closer to his bed.

After a moment of thought, he closes the door behind him.


 God, I wish I’d lied about having that letter. 


Reid comes back to work only two short weeks after his accident.

Hotch fully admits that he hasn't actually seen the man for two weeks on Reid's first day back at the office. They'd been on a case for the second week of his absence, lasting the full five weekdays and half into Saturday. He suspects Reid has been sneaking in during it and grabbed some consults to do from home, though he has no proof. Sneaky bastard.

Reid is scheduled to meet Hotch in his office at eight o'clock in the morning to discuss the limits of what he can and cannot do until he heals fully. Even though it's a full hour before their work officially begins, it's not an issue for either of them; Reid usually gets in at around seven thirty anyway, and Hotch a half hour before that. Sure enough, he sees Reid sit down at his desk from the window in his office at around half past seven.

He thinks back to the mysterious letter and equally mysterious voicemail Reid had left. Despite all his suspicions, he still hasn't listened to it yet - nor does he think he will. If Reid doesn't want him to listen to it, he supposes he won't. There could be anything on that voicemail - not to mention all the possibilities if Reid had only accidentally called. All the BAU members had become familiar with the buttdial phenomenon after one drunken night at the bar where Garcia had been too careless with her phone. Judging by Reid's ability with technology - or rather, his lack of it - it's not inconceivable that it was just an embarrassing mistake.

Still, he can't bring himself to just delete it, on the off chance that somewhere along the line, something does go horribly wrong and he's left upstream without a paddle.

There's a soft knock at his door, and Hotch glances out his window to the bullpen to sees Reid