fly.  Buffy panted harshly, moving her hips to try and get more friction, and at the same time thinking up a nice, elaborate plan to murder Willow at the first opportunity...like, right after she came.

"Buffy, for real!  Faith!"

Buffy groaned in frustration and caught her breath enough to yell, "What?" at Willow.

"You'd better get down here!"

"In a minute!"

"No, now!  Your mom's coming!"  Willow's voice dropped to the closest she could come to a whisper while still shouting.  "You do know windows work both ways, don't you?"

"Shit!"  Faith yanked her hand out of Buffy's pants.  Buffy whined in disappointment.  "You could see us?" Faith called down to Willow.

"Mrs. Summers sure got an eyeful.  Everyone else was facing the front.  Now get down here!"

Buffy sighed and did up her pants.  Faith backed off, getting the closed look on her face again.  Buffy grabbed her hand and lifted it to her mouth, licking her own juices off Faith's hand, paying special attention to each finger.  Faith stared at her as she did, her eyes dark with arousal, her chest moving quickly.  "This doesn't change anything," Buffy said, holding Faith's hand between hers.  "Faith...I love you."

Faith's breath caught in her throat.

"I do," Buffy repeated, staring into Faith's dark eyes, wide with surprise and longing.  "We'll get through this, okay?"

"Yeah," Faith said.  "Buffy.  I love you too."

Buffy kissed her, soft and slow, like last night.  She'd known Faith loved her--she'd said it before--but never straight to her face, like this.  Buffy felt like her heart was hollow, joy and pain tangling together.  There was so much happiness, mixed up with the terrible things that had been happening.  That, and for the first time in her life, fear of her mom.  She was afraid of what her mom would say.  Buffy took a deep breath.  "Let's get down there," she whispered.

They both swung easily off the roof, reaching the ground before anyone came out of City Hall.  Willow eyed them sideways, as if they had suddenly transformed into something weird and she didn't trust that they were still the same people.

"So that's what you guys...uh...do?" she asked, her voice squeaking on the last word.

"We'd do a hell of a lot more if we weren't on a roof," Faith said.  "Or getting interrupted all the time."

"Oh," Willow whispered, her face turning as red as her hair.  "That's, um...neat."  She stared innocently at the wall for a moment, then added, "Nice hickey, Buffy."

"Buffy!"

The three of them turned, guiltily, as Buffy's mom burst out of the front door and strode towards them.  She stared at Buffy's neck, well-marked by Faith's mouth.  "We're going home," she said tightly.  "Now."

Buffy knew better than to argue.  She could feel Faith's eyes burning on her back as she left.

Buffy thundered down the stairs, pulling her leather coat on and checking the number of stakes hidden in its pockets.  She was about to burst out the front door and escape when Mom stepped out from the living room, arms crossed, and blocked her way.  Buffy paused, her muscles knotting the way they did before a fight.  She couldn't meet Mom's eyes, so instead she glared at the office set-up in the living room.  Fax, phone, white board, memo pads...and about a hundred "Never Again!" signs, piled around like so many accusations.  Buffy wanted to snap them into splinters.  Fuck MOO with their locker break-ins and their book confiscations and their fucking stupid acronym, and while she was at it, fuck Mom too.

That thought brought her up short, and Buffy tried to reason with herself.  Mom thought she was doing the right thing.  Mom thought this was helping.  Mom was in shock, she was traumatized, she was trying to deal with a hell of a lot all at once.  Buffy knew that.  She wanted to understand that.

But Mom had no fucking clue how much this all hurt.

"I'm going on patrol," Buffy said, tightly.  She sounded defensive and she knew it.  Mom hadn't said a word, only stared at her, and she was cracking already.  Fuck this.  Faith was going to meet up with her, and Buffy wanted nothing more than to wrap herself in Faith's arms, to kill as many unlucky vamps as they could hunt down, and forget each and every idiotic thing MOO had done today.  Except Mom had to know she was going to meet Faith, and she probably had a pretty good