one naked but he badly needed something up his ass right now. Chanyeol reached behind Jongin and gently prodded at his hole, groaning as he felt the slickness and the muscles fluttering under his fingertips. Jongin moaned softly as the alpha pushed one finger in, moving his hips to feel it deeper inside of him. Chanyeol stared in awe as Jongin fucked himself on his finger, lifting himself up then dropping back down at a quick pace.

The view was too arousing for Chanyeol to just lay there, doing nothing, so he quickly shifted their position, urging Jongin to lie down on his back. The omega moaned loudly, spreading his legs wider to accommodate him. “Please, Chanyeol,” he begged, gripping the sheets.

Chanyeol swore before sliding two fingers into Jongin, searching around to find his prostate. Once he found it, Jongin mewled underneath him so he made sure to hit it repetitively. “Can I eat you out?” the alpha grunted.

Jongin nodded, gasping as more wetness flowing down his hole, and Chanyeol didn’t wait before diving in, pushing his tongue alongside his fingers. The omega whined, hooking his ankles behind Chanyeol’s neck to lock him in place, the alpha’s head now framed by his thighs. Feeling his climax coming, Jongin reached down to touch himself, wrapping his fingers around his cock to jerk himself off. Chanyeol added a third finger and moaned against Jongin’s ass as it kept leaking under his ministrations. “You taste so good,” he mumbled, his tongue lapping at Jongin’s rim as he fingered him hard and fast. It sent shivers down Jongin’s spine and it pushed him to the edge. He came in his own hand with a shout, his eyes closed in bliss.

Chanyeol’s tongue darted out to lick Jongin’s hole one last time before he pulled his fingers out. Jongin’s chest was flushed, his nipples still erected but thankfully dry, and he had come on his stomach and hand. He looked gorgeous and it took all of Chanyeol power not to pull out his cock and knot him right there and then. Licking his lips clean, the alpha bent down to press a kiss to Jongin’s forehead. “I should go.”

Jongin sat up, alarmed. “What about you?”

Chanyeol cupped his face. “I’m fine. Maybe another time.”

The omega lifted his head up but Chanyeol turned his head away. “Do you forget where my mouth was a minute ago?” he chuckled.

“I don’t care,” Jongin pouted, grabbing Chanyeol’s jaw to kiss him on the mouth.

“How can you be so shy yet so…” the alpha trailed off, smiling. “Sexy.”

Blushing, Jongin hit his chest.





“So,” Junmyeon began. “Have you done it yet? Was Chanyeol gentle?”

Jongin spluttered, flushing. “W-What-”

“You know you can tell me, I mean, I saw Chanyeol ran through the door last time…” Junmyeon trailed off. “He smelt of you. And his pants looked a bit too tight.” his brother added, wiggling his eyebrows.

Hiding behind his hands, Jongin groaned. “We didn’t. Now, stop embarrassing me.”

“You didn’t?” his brother pressed, surprised.

Jongin shook his head. “Can we stop talking about it, please…”

“Talking about what?” Minseok asked, wrapping his arms around Jongin’s shoulders.

“Nothing!” both omegas answered quickly.

Minseok looked suspiciously between the two of them before shrugging it off. “So, who want pizzas tonight?”





After what happened in Jongin’s room, Chanyeol didn’t try to touch Jongin anymore, keeping his distance. Jongin could smell his desire though, he knew Chanyeol wanted him, needed him even, but the alpha was adamant not to rush things out.

Chanyeol was carrying Jongin home after their date when he breached the subject. “Jongin, did you ever…with an alpha?” he trailed off.

The omega frowned. “No.”

“You can tell me, you know.” Chanyeol smiled.

“I’ve never done it with anyone, did you think I had?” Jongin asked curiously.

“Well, you looked experienced?” the alpha retorted. “Last time, I really thought…”

Jongin shook his head, embarrassed.

“Oh.” Chanyeol squeezed his hand. “Tell me when you’re ready then.”

 “We don’t need to wait, you know.” Jongin admitted softly. “I’m ready. Besides, I’ve liked you for years, and you’ve already proved me you could take care of me well.”

Licking his lips, Chanyeol’s eyes dropped to his boyfriend’s mouth. “Do you want to come over?”

“W-Wait, now?” Jongin stuttered, taken by surprise.

Chanyeol quickly backpedaled. “Only if you want to.”

“No, it’s fine.” the omega smiled. “I was just surprised. That’s all.”

Chanyeol nodded and tugged on his arm to lead him