love, now help me wrap the presents,”

Disgruntled some mornings, Lydia will sip her too sweet coffee and stare at the wall where she can hear the soft groans and moans and she’ll quietly finish her morning routine, slamming the apartment door on her way out because, “Fuck you Stilinski,” and only feel guilty for a moment until she sees the purple bruises blooming on Stiles’ neck and then she’ll just get angry again. Scott will kiss her gently and tell her that it’s okay and put on her favorite movie or he’ll call Allison and Lydia will complain to Allison for an hour.

They both notice that the silence over in Stiles’ apartment will be interrupted with yelling and muffled sobs most of the time; it sets Lydia’s teeth on edge worse than when Stiles doesn’t talk.

Lydia notices that Stiles doesn’t smile as much anymore and it makes her fingernails feel thick. Scott notices that Stiles is jittery and goes to ask him about it, but is met with the cold, unwavering stare of Malia’s and it makes Scott want to call his mom and cry. Sometimes Stiles will jerk away from Malia after she’s whispered hotly in his ear and just stare at her until she rolls her eyes and walks off, Lydia will ask about it and Stiles just goes up to the roof until either Malia or Scott have to remind him to, “Go to bed, Stiles. It’s cold out here.”

Stiles will avoid Lydia and Scott sometimes in the morning and take the stairs and Scott wonders if they’ve said or done something to make him angry. Most mornings, Lydia notes sourly, Malia will walk Stiles to the elevator in her underwear and sleep shirt and Lydia thinks she’s doing it to piss her off, until Scott shakes his head and tells her she’s being ridiculous.

They both notice with worried expressions that Stiles’ and Malia both look violently unhappy with one another and Lydia wonders with a numb voice, “Who’s going to leave first, Scott?” Lydia, Scott notices, watches Stiles’ apartment balcony like a hawk because she’s terrified one of them will sit out there all night until the other comes and apologizes, it’s cumbersome and exhausting.

12.Lydia’s taken to knocking on Stiles’ door every Tuesday, when she knows he’s off and leaving small cups of coffee from the coffeehouse he told her one night he liked. Scott leaves little sticky notes on Stiles’ mailbox and hopes they’ll make him smile. They both notice that Stiles will accept the notes and coffee, and offer a curt nod of his head in the morning in the elevator, but he won’t smile and it’s making Scott uneasy. Stiles doesn’t stick around to talk to them much anymore, and when he does he seems hollow and like his answers are on a notecard lying on his bedside table.

Lydia likes to leave small tubberwear full of whatever she and Scott ate for dinner on Stiles’ balcony railing because she worries he’s not eating enough and has no way of knowing if he’s gone grocery shopping because Malia used to do it for them. Scott knocks on Stiles’ door around the time he usually gets up for work and will wait until he hears the shower turn on before he goes back into his apartment. Lydia makes small talk in the elevator with Stiles; she doesn’t expect him to answer back. They both take turns knocking and asking Stiles to come out and, “Just let us know you’re here Stiles, we miss you,” until they’re both breathless or until Stiles throws something at the door and tells them to, “Go the fuck away,”

It’s nearly sunrise when Scott and Lydia hear a loud sob and the sound of picture frames being smashed. Scott holds Lydia to him and says, “Let him deal with this, we’ll still be annoying and pester him, but this is the first time he’s shown emotion,” and they’ll lie there and listen to Stiles cry until they have to turn the television on to drown it out.

Lydia’s nails feel too heavy for her body as she picks at the quick and tries to stop herself from lock picking her way into Stiles’ apartment and holding him until he’s stopped crying. Scott writes notes and slips them under Stiles’ door. They both take their hand at coaxing Stiles outside and sometimes it’ll almost work because Stiles will unlock the door, but he’ll never come out.

When it snows the first time, Lydia knits an extra scarf; she leaves it in a neatly wrapped package with a note that says, “You have pretty stars in your teeth and someone wishes to see them again,”

15. Scott’s been beating on Stiles door the past half hour, begging him to just, “Fucking open the door Stilinski!” and Scott can feel the bruise on his hand, but he can’t be bothered to care at all because Stiles stopped making noise and leaving his apartment and Scott can