try harder, fight smarter and gets you allies. It's a good thing."

"Mycroft says caring is not an advantage," said Sherlock in an uncertain voice, for all the world like a small boy worried about something told to him by someone he admired, something he wasn't sure he wanted to believe.

"Mycroft is a fucking fool," said Greg robustly. "And if I see him again, I'll be happy to tell him so myself. He's also spectacularly failing to live up to his own advice, given how much he worries over you."

Sherlock kicked off his shoes and pulled his feet up onto the edge of the bed, so that he was perched like a gloomy vulture, hugging his shins tightly against his chest, his head resting on his knees. He seemed to be trying to squeeze himself into the smallest space possible. For safety, for comfort, not to inconvenience Greg? Greg just couldn't tell. But he could recognise loneliness when he saw it. He released Sherlock's hand, shuffled over in the bed and then abruptly caught Sherlock by his far shoulder and toppled him onto his side, spooning up behind him before Sherlock had a chance to protest. 

"I don't--" started Sherlock.

"Oh shut up," mumbled Greg, wrapping an arm very firmly around Sherlock's waist. "You're dead and I'm dreaming, so none of it counts anyway."

"Oh." Sherlock lay quiet for a long time, very slowly relaxing against the heat of the body at his back, straightening his legs until they lay alongside Greg's. Greg's mind drifted, sorting through the pile of unbelievable facts that Sherlock had so casually dumped on him.  Every so often he found himself rubbing his face against the soft skin at the back of Sherlock's neck, just to breathe in the scent of him, to feel the rough silk of his hair, just to be sure he was really there, really alive.

Sherlock's voice pulled him out of his revery. "You're quite certain? None of this counts?"

"Yeah, quite sure." Greg waited. He had no idea what Sherlock was getting at but was certain that it was something that mattered. Abruptly the other man sat up, pulled off his jacket and dumped it on the floor, and turned round to curl in against Greg's body, tucking his face in under Greg's chin and sliding an arm loosely over his waist. Greg really hadn't thought about his near-nudity before, what with Sherlock rising from the grave like that, but Sherlock's hand pressed against his bare chest and arm looped over his back made it very obvious that he was only wearing boxers. 

He cautiously wrapped both arms around Sherlock's back, burying one hand in the mess of curls while rubbing in gentle circles with the other. It couldn't really be said that the night was getting any more bizarre. Finding out that Sherlock was un-dead had set the bar pretty high. But it certainly wasn't getting any less so. Cuddling a despondent Sherlock Holmes wasn't something he'd ever imagined doing. 

He drifted, half-awake, letting himself sink into the comfort of another body so close to his own. There'd been no one in his bed since his ex-wife had informed him he was moving out. That wasn't to say that there'd been no one. Following the legal separation, there'd been a set of awkward dates with friends of his sister-in-law, although after the Sherlock debacle he'd become very leery of any situation where he might have to explain what he did for a living. His face had shown up in the tabloids next to Sherlock's rather too often for comfort.

After that he'd mostly gone for quick and dirty encounters out behind gay bars, the kind of arrangement where no names were exchanged. He despised that sort of thing and despised himself for doing it, but he just couldn't imagine managing a romance right now. He'd never brought anyone home to this flat, never curled up with anyone in this bed. He let his cheek rest against the profusion of curls and then turned his face to press his lips against the wild tangle. Alive, he's alive, he's alive. It echoed through his body with each beat of his pulse. 

That beat of blood was beginning to warm him in other unexpected ways. Sherlock was lonely, obviously. He needed reassurance, obviously. But Greg's body didn't seem to understand that it's only role was to provide comfort. His dick had done some basic maths and come to an obvious conclusion. They were awake at three o'clock in the morning. They weren't getting out of bed to attend to some emergency. There was another warm and rather shapely body in the bed with them. Therefore sex was the hopeful outcome.

Greg carefully shuffled his groin away from Sherlock's firm thigh, which