BAU, to which both men nodded sullenly. “See you both soon.”

“Take care, boss,” said Luke.

“Yeah, er… see you tomorrow,” replied Spencer.

With the moment broken, Spencer and Luke wordlessly smiled and moved back to their end of the day rituals. The rest of the team were doing the same, one by one shuffling out and waving their goodbyes. When JJ smiled and waved her goodbye to Spencer and Luke, she left them alone, the last two in the office. It was something of an awkward event, the two agents silently packing the final things into their bags; only becoming more awkward when the pair picked up their belongings to leave at the same time. Exchanging glances and forced smiles, the two moved towards the glass doors, pausing briefly as Luke opened the door to let his colleague through.

“Thanks,” Spencer said quietly, stepping across the threshold toward the elevator. As Luke stepped up next to him, they shared the same smile waiting for the doors to open in silence until the newer member of the team broke the silence.

“So, would you say you miss having that relationship or was it just with Derek?” he asked, glancing toward Spencer then back to the floor indicator.

“I er… I don’t know,” he replied. “I never really thought about it like that.”

“I’m not talking about forgetting about your friend, I just mean… have you ever thought of trying to find a friendship like that again,” Luke continued.

“I don’t know,” answered Spencer. “I think I’m a little too introverted to just find people to talk to.”

The door to the elevator split, sliding apart to reveal the internal space and allowing the two agents to step inside. As they turned to face the way they’d came, Luke pressed the button which would lead them to the basement car park.

“Why do you have to find someone?” asked Luke. “What about someone you know, getting to know them more closely?”

“I mean, I guess,” he replied. “I’m really close with Jennifer, but that wouldn’t be the same.”

“Nah, I don’t mean like that,” said Luke, turning toward Spencer.

“Then, I don’t get it,” Spencer said, turning toward Luke.

It was in that moment that Luke leant in, pressing his lips against Spencer’s. Instinctively, the younger agent, tilted his head, allowing the kiss to happen for much longer than he should have. When the rose tinted moment faded and Spencer came to his senses, he pulled away; shock all across his face.

“What the hell!?…” cried Spencer, leaving the pair standing there staring at each other.

Things escalate real quick for the would-be lovers.

The pair stood, frozen to the spot, staring into each other’s opposing expression. Spencer looked half angry, half surprised and Luke was half surprised, half mortified; neither man able to find words for the thoughts rushing through their minds.

It seemed like they were going to be stood there for the whole elevator ride, till suddenly, Spencer lurched forward; his lips locked against Luke’s as they kissed hungrily. Hands searched for something to grasp, to cling to, to hold the other against their bodies. To them in at that moment, there were no other people in existence and if Luke hadn’t pushed Spencer’s back against the elevator wall, there would have been no indication of where they even were.

When the doors did eventually open, neither agent noticed at first. There could have been anyone standing there, waiting for that elevator, but they didn’t seem to care. It took all of Luke’s restraint to pull away from the younger man, gripping Spencer’s tie and all but dragging him out into the parking lot.

Luke’s truck had been parked only a few spaces from the elevator, making him grateful of his early morning routine as the pair reached it. Spencer struggled with the door handle, reaching behind himself so that he could keep his lips on Luke. It seemed futile, the other man’s hips pressing against his so hard that even if he could reach the handle that he wouldn’t be able to pull open the door anyway. Alvez’s hand dragged down the front of Spencer’s shirt, his finger yanking at the belt that held up his pants.

“God damn it, Luke,” gasped Spencer as his colleague’s mouth moved from his lips to his neck. “This is… this is crazy!”

Luke didn’t seem to care, his hand diving beneath the material of Spencer’s trousers, his wrist twisting awkwardly to allow his fingers to wrap around the young doctor’s hardening length. All it took was the slightest motion of his shoulder to allow him to stroke up and down inside Spencer’s pants. Alvez’s free hand moved around to pull on the door handle, dragging Spencer away so that the door could swing open.