make up for that."

Cas looked from Dean to his family, "He even was confronted by his friends and told them to move. Please, just give him a chance."

It was Michaels and Lucifers turn to scoff, "As if. Come on Cas, get inside." Michael turned around and went inside, slowly the others did too. Cas looked at them then turned to Dean.

"I'm sorry. I'll talk to them, hopefully they'll soon be okay with it." Cas made to go but was pulled back around to Dean.

"You believe me when I say that I won't hurt you again, that I want to make up for it, right?"

Cas chewed his lip but nodded, "I do. Hopefully, you won't make me regret it." Cas gave Dean a peck on the cheek and went inside, leaving Dean on his driveway.

Hey guys, I know i haven't been posting and I'm truly sorry for that.

My life has gotten really busy, I haven't had much time but to go to school, work, and sleep; if that. I will really try to start posting more but I can not make promises. I want to try to start posting after I get off of work but sometimes I am too tired too. 

If you're sticking with this story, I love you :) You're amazing. I will get chapters up ASAP. Stay awesome.

Cas went inside his home and closed the door quietly. He heard chatting in the kitchen so he walked in there.

All his siblings were in there, they all grew quiet when he walked in.

"Castiel, how can you forgive him so easily!?"

Cas sighed quietly and straightened, "Because I love him. Please Michael, he made one mistake. Everyone makes mistakes! Just give him a chance, please!"

Michael huffed but the longer he stared at his brother the more he felt himself give in. 

"Fine. One chance, he fucks it up then I'm sorry Cas, you won't have my support."

Cas nodded and ran and hugged him, "Thank you."

Michael patted his back, "Ya whatever. Now go do homework or something."

~~~~~~~~~~

The next day Dean was at Cas's locker when Cas got to school.

"Hey Cas."

Cas went to open his locker, glancing at Dean, "Hello. Why are you at my locker?"

"I can't just come and greet you?"

Cas shrugged, "You don't. You're usually with your friends."

It was Dean's turn to shrug, "Eh, don't feel like talking to them. Not if they question my relationships."

Cas glanced up to Dean from gathering his things, "Okay..."

Dean grinned and bent down to Cas's height, "Can I kiss you?"

Cas grinned shyly and nodded. Dean connected their lips and they kissed for about 20 seconds before being interrupted.

"I see that you two worked things out."

The couple looked up and saw Charlie, Jo, and Benny in front of them. Dean straightened and held a hand out to Cas, who took it. He didn't let go once Cas was up though.

"We're working it through, slowly." Dean cast a grin at Cas and squeezed his hand.

Jo clapped her hands, "Well good cuz then me and Charlie wouldn't have anything to fangirl over."

Benny rolled his eyes and clapped the two on the shoulder, "Good for you brotha's but we should all get to class."

"Okay well me and Cas will catch up with you guys later." Their friends gave them weird looks, "Kinda wanna just walk with him for right now..."

Charlie and Jo squealed and Benny smiled and ushered the girls away. Dean turned to Cas and gestured to walk, the two side by side, hands together.

"So do your siblings still hate me?"

Cas shrugged, "Michael said you have one more chance, so don't fuck it up."

Dean nodded, "Do you want to come over after school, Sammy will be there but we can all like watch a movie or something. I know Sam would love to see you again." Cas agreed, they got to Cas's class, "See you later?" 

Cas nodded and was presently surprised when he was left with a kiss.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After school Dean had met Cas at his locker and the two walked to the Impala together. They got Sam and went home.

When they got home Dean lead Cas to the kitchen. Sam went to the living room.

"Do you want something to eat?"

Cas shrugged, "Sure, and a water please."

Dean nodded and got chips and three waters, one for Sam.

The two migrated to the living room.

"Hey Sammy, what're we watching?"

Dean gave Sam a water and sat on the couch, Cas sitting next to him. "Sharknado."

Dean whooped, "Sweet!" 

The tiny group settled,