back out to the garage, mindlessly strumming until she finally appeared in the doorway. Her eyes were a little red from crying. Her face was bare of make up except a few lingering traces of waterproof mascara. She wore leggings and a tank top under an expensive looking Z Zegna hoodie. Her hair was pulled back from her face in a loose braid. When she held her fingers in position, he noticed that her nails were still immaculately polished and groomed but were now significantly shorter. 

“Okay,” Archie said, heartened, and began. 

Afterwards, Cheryl took herself back to the restroom. She came out powdered, lacquered and pressed, hair loose and flowing. When he went into the bathroom later, he found the hoodie hanging neatly on a cedar hanger over the towel rack. 

He left it out for her the next two weeks and she stubbornly ignored it. Absently, one practice where they were really making headway and it was getting dark and a little cold, Archie shrugged on the nearest piece of clothing. He didn't recognize the item until it had settled over his shoulders and Cheryl fixed him with a low, fond, sincere smile before turning back to the guitar. 

It was a nice hoodie. MSRP $649 before tax. He wore it jogging.

“So... dragons or princesses?” Jughead asked idly as he pulled on a clean t-shirt, fingers smoothing the wrinkles carefully in a way he only did when he was going to meet Betty. 

“Hm?” Archie looked up from his history homework. 

“Raven haired princesses or fire breathing dragons? Snow White or Daenerys Targaryen? Veronica or Cheryl?” 

“It isn't like that,” Archie said and sounded distracted. He found, to his mild surprise, that that was true. 

“Ronnie is... Ronnie. She makes me look two, three times. Cheryl and I are... friends? I guess. Nothing...” Archie struggled to explain. Jughead held up a hand. 

“Say no more. Just checking in, ladykiller.” Jughead grabbed a sweater, laced up his shoes. Pulled off his beanie and smoothed down his hair before replacing it. 

“What are you guys up to?” Archie asked curiously. 

“Study date. Maybe pizza.” 

“Then why so fussy?” Archie chuckled. “It's just Betty.”

“Yeah,” Jughead turned his way. “It is.” His voice and his eyes were so warm and full of affection that Archie felt it, tight in his chest. Archie waved it off with another laugh and the moment ended. Jughead bounded down the stairs. Archie glanced up from his desk, caught a glimpse of blonde across the way. Betty, putting on lipgloss, checking her ponytail. Smoothing down her skirts and turning in front of the mirror to check how they fell. She turned out the light. Archie sent a text to Veronica. She replied four hours later. 

Cheryl left a Burberry Cambridge Aboyd Sport Shirt in the bathroom. Archie looked at it a minute before he sighed and put it on, over his t-shirt, and walked back into the garage. She was still strumming, face sharp in concentration and he was struck for a moment by that serious expression. He knew the big family secret, of course, but the similarities hadn't occurred to him until that moment, really. She looked up at him, standing still, wearing the shirt. 

“It's easier to play if you put your hair up,” he said nervously. Cheryl bit her lip, tugged her hair over one shoulder and said nothing. 

“It's strange, but she only seems to talk to you and the Coopers.” Veronica stirred her chocolate milkshake with a frown. 

“Betty and Polly?” Archie asked and winced a little at the eagerness in his voice. 

“Right. Mostly baby stuff, but other things too, I think. I'm trying not to pry, I know their situation is a little unique. I think they're a little more alike than it seems on the surface. Something like cousins, right?”

“Yeah. Good, I'm glad,” Archie said. “It's a nice night, can I walk you home?” 

“You may,” Veronica said regally and winked. 

Cheryl started dropping bits of information. Casually, like breadcrumbs  ( “Betty's thinking about going into Law or Criminal Psychology or something. Maybe work for the FBI. Such a Nancy Drew.”). Archie wracked his brain for Jason stories. He even went so far as to track down Reggie, ask him about Jason's play style. Reggie looked a little incredulous but once he started talking and figuring out what Archie was doing, he paused. Thought. 

“Nah, man. Cheryl's not going to want football stories. She can read old Blue and Gold articles for that. And she was there for most of them anyway. Go talk to Valerie's brother. They were tight before things got ugly.” Then Reggie clapped him on the arm and walked away, leaving Archie stunned and stuttering a reply no one heard. 

After Archie told her about the time