built in bench on their terrace. His beloved mojito in hand, breathing in.

As he closes his eyes, he’s enveloped into the smooth beat of a song he knows all too well.

 


these lips can’t wait to taste your skin, baby, no, no


 

He cracks an eye open to spot Liam move closer, threatening. A smirk plastered to Liam’s face as he moves the snapback to face backwards.

“What are you up to now,” Zayn teases.

“I just feel like dancing,” Liam blushes. Hips swaying to the beat. Zayn’s eyes following.

 


and these eyes, yeah, can’t wait to see your grin, ooh ooh baby


 

Zayn grins, “impress me.”

He makes himself comfortable against the cushions behind him taking a sip of his drink before setting it aside. “I’m waiting,” Zayn winks.

“Right away, sir,” Liam shudders under Zayn’s gaze.

 


just let my love adorn you


 

Liam adjusts the joggers on his waist before running up to Zayn jumping onto the bench. Feet pressed into either side of Zayn’s thighs, knees bent, crotch in his face. Liam’s arms shooting up to tug at his own hair. Neck extended, mouth open, grinding his clothed dick in Zayn’s face.

Zayn’s hands drag up Liam’s legs to his thighs where he pulls him in closer to nip at the tip of his cock where it’s outlined in his sweats. Liam moans, knees faltering.

He crouches down further to hold at the rail behind Zayn’s head, arm radiating heat onto Zayn’s cheek. A heat which pulls him in as he sucks a kiss onto the inside of Liam’s forearm. Right above the feather.

Liam arches his back as he falls into Zayn’s lap, ass to crotch, grinding down once, before coming back up. He repeats the same process, coming close enough to Zayn’s dick each time to make it jump. But never touching again.

He makes sure to move up and down his body in a thrusting manner. Laughing smugly to himself as he watches Zayn watch him. Zayn licks his lips before speaking, “is this all you got?”

At that, Liam moves off of Zayn, walking away before suddenly dropping to his knees.

 


oh look up suga



 


Liam crawls back towards Zayn, not breaking eye contact. He’s welcomed by Zayn’s open legs. Hands making their way onto Zayn’s inner thighs, moving up, teasingly, to find the band of Zayn’s shorts. Making a home in between the warm, smooth skin and the nylon.

Liam pushes up onto his knees to mouth at Zayn’s chest. At first he breathes, lets the warmth collect until the skin is wet. Before swiping a finger through it, then going in for a kiss.

As soon as Liam’s lips touch his skin, that’s it for Zayn. He’s moving to stand taking Liam with him by his hair. “You’ve done enough I think I should show you a thing or two now.”

 

--

 

To say the least, Zayn is not at all shocked that he’s feeling more fucked out then Liam. Who by the way, is on his toes fetching a flannel, still full of energy.

And that makes Zayn a little weary because he knows his boyfriend is full of life. At the same time, though, he’s been too spontaneous today. First, he acknowledges Zayn during a workout, then he gives him a show. Zayn’s not complaining, not at all, just a little confused.

So when his boyfriend comes back in some new boxers and a flannel to clean up Zayn he decides to ask, “hey, babe, are you ok?”

Liam grabs at Zayn’s flaccid cock, lifting it up to wipe at it. “You know, Zayn, you keep bringing it up so maybe we should talk.”

And that makes Zayn’s heart drop, because Liam isn’t even fucking looking at him. And Zayn is still naked and he could really do with another drink this time. Stronger, though. Like something Liam would make.

He pushes Liam off him, he can’t have his hands on him right now. Especially not there.

He’s muttering to himself about how stupid he could’ve been. I mean he’s been with this boy for 4 years and he still doesn’t know when he’s being nice because he has to or because he wants to.

Liam was giving him attention so Zayn wouldn’t feel bad when he let him down later. Zayn gets it.

He doesn’t notice Liam lean over into the drawer of his night stand as he’s fetching himself some jeans or something. Fuck he needs to not be naked.

“Zayn,” comes a sort of whisper.

“What Liam, God, what the hell do you want?”

And Zayn breaks a little because Liam looks so small sitting in the middle of their - his