.

"I wanted to- I wanted to ask if I could kiss you," He said. I laughed. He was so cute sometimes.

"We slept together last night and you can't even ask to kiss your mate without stuttering and blushing? You're adorable," I said. "Just ask." I said. I stepped closer to him.

"Can I kiss-" I cute him off by pressing my lips to his. I pulled away and smirked.

He blushed. "Sorry I cut you off, ask again?" He nodded.

"Can I-" I kissed him again. He pulled away.

I started to laugh. He pinched my cheeks. "You keep doing that on purpose to kiss me more!" He said, playfully mad. I laughed and pulled him down for another kiss. This one was deeper then the last too. He licked me lip and I let him in. 

I quickly took control of the kiss though. But he didn't seem to mind. I switched out positions and pushed him against my door.

"You caught me," I said. He smirked. 

"I love you Keith. Even if you are stuck as a girl currently," He said. 

"I love you too, Lance. Even if you are stuck as an idiot currently," I said. He gasped and picked me up. 

I laughed. "You'll pay for that Kogane!" He vowed as he opened the door to my room with a hiss. I giggled. I leaned my forehead on his, and closed my eyes.

"Bring it on McClain."

I SAW THE SEASON THREE TRAILER AND HOLY FUCKING SHIT IS LOTOR ATTRACTIVE! I STARTED TO QUESTION MY LOYALTIES!

Sorry it took so long. I have been busy with school, and work. And well.. I started an original work that I had to get out of my head called The Fae Chronicles: Augur. Check it out! I think it's awesome!

Chapter 2:

After me and Lance had another couple rounds of sex and a nap tangled in each others grasp, we woke up in a nest of sorts. Almost all of our blankets and pillows were circled around us and only a thin sheets covered our naked bodies.

I rubbed my eyes and sat up, tucking the blanket under my arms to cover the breast that I was still getting used to.

Ever since I had become female from Haggar experiment, I started to act differently. More... feminine. But that's mostly out of necessity. Like the way I crossed my legs. Or wrapped a towel around me after I shower. It was getting... weird too.

"Keith, lay back down, I'm cold," Lance mumbled, trying to take the blanket from me as he rolled over. I saw his bare, natural tanned back. Ithe never ceased to amaze me about the swimmers body that he had. So long and skinny, but with clear, lean muscles. And it was mostly blemish free. 

I saw a faint scar from the explosion he survived when we were still on Arus.

It was barely lighter than his natural skin tone, and you'd have to really look for it.

I leaned down and kissed between his shoulder blades. "We need to get up anyway, I can't keep blaming my heat for staying in bed all day. We are still needed. Zarkon doesn't stop just because of something as stupid as a Paladin in heat."

Lance snorted and sat up, lifting his sleeping mask. When he put that on, I have no fucking clue.

"Fine, I'm up," He said. I smiled.

"Great, I'm going to go take shower and maybe train a bit," I told him as I stood up. He nodded before noticing the nest. He looked at it confused, but didn't say anything. I'm glad he didn't because I wouldn't have known what to say to him. 

I'd have to ask Lotor about it. 

We went through bonding exercises today. Mainly the ones where we formed Voltron with our minds through head sets. But it had quickly grown awkward when Lance and I started thinking about the last couple nights. 

Pidge shrieked and threw the head set off. "Never ever! Never let me see that shit again!" She was as red as a tomato and my face burned just as bright. I couldn't even look Shiro in the face. But I knew the look that would don his face. 

Embarrassment. Pride maybe. Anger over this situation. This was a forced heat and he probably hated it as much as, if not more than me. 

I just stood and walked out. Ignoring both Lance and Allura. I needed some space. I needed... I don't know what I needed. I just kept walking. I walked even with no destination in mind. Eventually I found myself in front of Lotor's room. I heard his chuckle. 

"Did you need something?" His voice was muffled through the door. I took a deep breath. I