lost every time. It didn’t make sense to him like it did to Louis. And now he sits here, considering calling. He knows that they’ve changed. There’re not what they used to be anymore, even though it’s not official. He just knows. But he’s still in denial and he calls. Signal after signal passes and no one picks up. He isn’t picking up though he should. It’s the middle of the day over there in the UK. He should answer. He should answer and tell him that it’s alright, we’re fine but he doesn’t, because they’re not. They were crushed between the dreams, and not together. 

You turned your back on tomorrow
Cause you forgot yesterday
I gave you my love to borrow
But just gave it away

It took a while for him to figure it out, with a little help from a blond haired rude, “are you blind mate, can’t you see it” but helpfully, honest friend. He had needed someone to shake him out of his oblivious dream state and by that open his eyes. He couldn’t recall when it started, but he knew how. His usually twinkling blue eyes began to adopt a jealous green shade and those pink plump lips gradually stopped caressing his own with soft and caring kisses and instead slipped bad concealed hurtful comments. They stopped spending time at home in their love bubble and replaced the occasional nights out with only those and in a larger number. His mood swings grew more severe and he couldn’t really handle it like he used to. He constantly ranted about the pretty girls and the pretty boys he met through his job even though he should be well aware that he only ever had eyes for him. He stopped telling him how proud of him he was and his eyes lacked their glimpse when he came back from a long time apart. They even stopped holding hands, something that always had been their way of staying close together when the world wanted them apart. 

I've wasted my nights
You turned out the lights
Now I'm paralyzed
Still stuck in that time when we called it love

“I’m fucking done with you Liam, do you hear me?” he snarled, ruthlessly pushing and kicking the things in his way. “There’re girls, fuck, there’re boys as well, everywhere, you never have time for me and I can’t stand your fucking mates – they’re driving me insane”. The yelling was just dizziness in his head; he could barely distinguish a word from another. He silently watched him dig deeper, trying to hurt him with all his might. “You think you’re so special now, don’t you? That you’re some big name and that I’ll just adapt your new fancy life? You can fuck off Li”. Like a paper cut – fast, but it stung. Li; it was what he had always called him to show him his love. He usually said it with such a soft tone, one which made him feel calm and perfectly fine. This time he used it to his advantage to tear him apart more effectively, all by reminding him of its usual content. He spit out the nickname – Li – like it was poison in her mouth. He was still quiet; he had expected that this would happen eventually – a breakdown. His jealousy and the cuts from pieces of broken dreams took the best of him and overshined the love for his boyfriend. He didn’t even try to stop it because he knew it was too late. In a way he felt sorry for him, but the sound of his slowly breaking heart deafened that feeling. “Why would they even want you? It’s not like you’re more talented than I am”. The boy he had shared every bit of himself with, the love of his life, stood in front of him tearing everything they’ve ever had together and with that also every chance of forgiveness and forgetting. He couldn’t comprehend this moment and the moments that had led to this specific one. He was still well too focused on the us, while he only saw his own pain. He thought he was a failure and that he’d lost. It wasn’t true, he knew it wasn’t, but he hadn’t the strength to tell him that they both lost the game – they lost their other half and they lost the love that they both had provided each other. Unstoppable in the sand was now long forgotten. 

If happy ever after did exist
I would still be holding you like this
All those fairy tales are full of shit
One more stupid love song I'll be sick

How does love come to an end, just like that? How is it possible to not notice it going downhill, not notice the signs, before it’s too late to repair because it’s already broken? How do you continue to live without that oh-so-comforting-and-saving love? He asked