had smelled something very bad. Then she looked more carefully at Harry, and her brow wrinkled very slightly, and she cocked her head like a bird. 



"Madame Scryingstone," Malfoy said. 



She kept her gaze fixed on Harry. 



"Harry Potter," she said. 



Harry nodded. "How do you do? You are, er, Ida's mother?" For some inexplicable reason the woman looked annoyed, but she nodded anyway and forced her lips into a smile. "It is very good to meet you, what a coincidence", she said, bringing her hand forward. Harry shook it politely. "We've never met before, but the committee of which I am chairwoman, the Conservative Witches Movement, recently sent you an invitation to our annual fundraiser." 



There was actually a man at the club, part of whose job was to wade through Harry's many invitations. Since this particular one was had never made it into Harry's hands, it was likely that the man hadn't thought it worth his time. 



"I see," he said. "I'll check on that, I don't remember exactly…" 



"The twelfth of this month," she said persuasively, "you are free?" 



"I'm afraid I don't remember," Harry looked rather desperately at Malfoy, but the blonde only looked amused - he shouldn't have thought to seek sympathy from that quarter. But Ida, he realized, looked absolutely stricken, pain-faced. It must be a trial to have such a harridan as a mother, Harry realized. 



"Yes, of course," he managed, finally. "I'll do my best to be there. For Ida," he stressed. 



Madam Scryingstone looked annoyed for a moment, but then her features twisted back into a poor imitation of pleasure. "How kind of you," she said, "to take an interest in Ida. I really do appreciate it. Well, in any case." She dusted her sleeves with her gloved hands in what seemed to be a nervous gesture. "I am only here to collect her. Come, Ida, we must be home by lunchtime." 



Obediently, Ida rose. As she followed her mother out the door though, she turned back. The look that past between her and Malfoy was difficult to decipher, but had Harry to guess, he'd call it darkly humorous. The bell clanged loudly as the door slammed shut behind her. 



They sat in silence for five full seconds, and then Malfoy let out a long, shaky laugh. 



"My God, Potter," he said. "I don't know whether to thank you, or brain you with a heavy object." 



Harry blinked. "What?" He demanded. "Why would you? Ida's mother seems like a bit of a trial, really, why should such a nice girl have such a terrible -" 



"Ida's a squib," Malfoy burst out. Harry's mouth dropped open, but Malfoy plowed on. "That's normally something I would let her tell you herself, but really Potter, did you even think about why a school-aged girl might not be at Hogwarts this time of year?" He frowned. "The Scryingstones are an old, pureblooded family - nothing to the Malfoys, of course," he sniffed, "but a generation ago, they'd have left her on the doorstep of some muggle family. Or put her in the attic. Her mother is terribly embarrassed of Ida - I've heard it's sometimes difficult to even get her to admit she has a daughter." 



"That's terrible! How could she do such a thing to her own child?" 



Malfoy simply looked at him. 



"Well, it's just wrong!" A terrible thought occurred to him. "Does that mean, when she took the locket, she really saw nobody?" 



Malfoy shrugged. "Of course not; a toy like that doesn't have an internal source of power. It uses a bit of residual magic from the person holding it to fuel the charm." 



"But she said she saw someone." 



"She made that up because she was embarrassed," Malfoy frowned, "really, how insensitive can you be?" 



"But then she saw you," Harry stated. 



Malfoy sighed. "Those things work by a combination of proximity and intensity, Potter. I just had to think about her very hard. It was my magic that made it work, which is why it showed her a picture of me. " 



"So… you… like her?" Malfoy's expression grew darker. "Really, are you trying to be insulting? I'm not a degenerate, Potter. I just sympathize with her. She's really a very intelligent child, I'm sure she could carry on a more interesting conversation about Hemingway than you could. Anyway," he caught himself, stopping mid-sentence. 



"Anyway what?" Harry pressed his advantage. 



"Anyway," Malfoy drew out, turning his head to the side so he didn't have to