it’s close enough.”

Zayn barely has any time to react, ready to blurt out something embarrassing when Harry’s phone chimes with a text. “I better get going, Niall hates it when I’m late,” Harry says, tucking his phone away. “It was nice meeting you again, maybe I’ll see you out of your little apron next time.”

Harry waves goodbye as he’s leaving the restaurant, Zayn watching through the windows as Harry’s long curls bounce off his shoulders in time with the music suddenly blaring through the speakers.

—

Coincidentally, Zayn finds out that Thomkins Park is a mere two blocks from his house. Standing beside the brightly painted yellow sign with the park’s name emblazoned in green, Zayn looks to the volleyball courts just a few feet away, nearly every one of them taken. Almost immediately he spots Niall’s orange shorts in the last court, his laughter echoing as Harry runs to him for a hug.

“Must be nice to have that,” Zayn sighs softly.

Zayn reaches the end of the park, stepping along the curb of the sidewalk when a pair of footsteps trail behind, probably a jogger ready to crash into him if he isn’t paying attention. Instead, a hand touches his shoulder, his first instinct to put up a fist in defense.

“Jesus, Harry, I could’ve knocked you out!” Zayn puts a hand to his chest, frightened. “Don’t do that!”

“Didn’t mean to scare you,” Harry laughs breathlessly. “Where you headed in a rush, pretty boy?”

“You like calling me that, don’t you?” Zayn answers, amused.

“Well he’s not lying,” Niall finally catches up, draping his arm over Harry’s shoulders. He leans in closer to Zayn, then nudges Harry’s side with a smile. “Good to see your cheek’s healing up nicely.”

“Oh, you mean the bane of my existence,” Zayn laughs, lightly rubbing his face. “Went away pretty fast, huh? I’m almost back to my normal self.”

“Good thing, otherwise I’d need to have Harry playing nurse for you,” Niall clicks his tongue and winks, making Harry shout out, “Niall, you said you wouldn’t tell him!” in embarrassment.

A flush rises up to Zayn’s cheeks, biting his bottom lip to hold back a smile. “Um, I live down the street,” Zayn points ahead, attempting small talk. “It used to belong to some big time movie director, but I can’t remember his name. So yeah, that’s where I’m headed.” Niall and Harry gasp in unison, and Zayn looks over his shoulder, suddenly worried. “I should probably let you get back to your game, there’s a group of guys ready to take your court in like three seconds if you’re not quick enough.”

“Let ‘em take it! We’re talking to you,” Harry prods Zayn's chest with a finger. Niall leans in to whisper in Harry’s ear, both of them exchanging glances with Zayn that leave him blushing. “Since you live nearby, Niall and I can walk you home—you know, like personal escorts? I mean, not those kinds of escorts obviously, but like personal chaperones so you make it back in one piece?”

Zayn gives the couple a confused expression before he lets out a snort. “Thanks for the concern guys, but I think I’ll be okay on my own.” A pang of envy shoots through Zayn’s stomach when he notices Niall slinking his arm around Harry’s waist, his fingers resting on the prominent v-cut from the waistband of Harry’s shorts.

“I’d better go, I can’t miss out on lamb chop night,” Zayn walks around the couple, and fast.

—

Zayn leaves without Harry and Niall once, but he lets them walk him home the next day, and lets it continue for the next few weeks. Soon, he’s leaving work as fast as he can to watch Niall and Harry practice late into the afternoon, wanting to simply be in their presence as the day comes to an end. He’s also treated to the sight of them constantly playing shirtless, the sweat of their bodies against his sending a rush to his core when they teach him a few moves at his insistence.

Niall instructs Zayn how to position his arms, standing right behind him so that their bodies are flush against each other. "Doing okay?" Harry asks, smiling when he notices Zayn's reddened cheeks. Zayn feels confident with Niall and Harry as his teachers, the three of them passing the volleyball around to practice before they eventually start a real game.

"Two against one, I'll take Zayn and you serve," Niall says to Harry, stretching his limbs right after. "Any questions before we start?"

"It's not going to hurt, is it?"

"If