next to him. It felt right, so I want him,” Levi declared.

“Aw, how sweet. Eren said the same thing,” my mother told him as she sat back into her seat.

“Mom!” I complained.

“Oh, hush. Levi, I trust you. Eren likes you alot, so I will trust you. Don’t mind these two gloomy faces. They’re just sad to see their angel leave. You can marry our son. However, if you two ever have a wedding, make sure to invite us. Let me tell you something nice,” my mother smirked. “Angels stop aging at a certain age. It’s different for every angel, but it’s usually at a young age. Eren here hasn’t changed for the past year. You’re getting a teenage bride!”

“Mom!” I blushed as I covered my face.

“Mother! That’s just… Ugh!” Mikasa exhaled her breath in disgust.

“Carla… I think you should’ve said that in a more subtle way,” my father brushed his nose in embarrassment.

“Calm down, you guys would’ve figured it out eventually. Why do you think I look so young?” Mother rolled her eyes.

“Thank you for the information,” Levi smirked.

“Oh! He’s a teaser!” My mother exclaimed. “Honey, you can get your stuff. You both probably want to get out of this place already.”

“Fine,” I said as I ran to my room.

I grabbed my bag that laid on the bed. Inside were the two books that Armin gave me. There was also clothes and toiletries. My sewing kit was also inside there. Lastly, there were pictures of my family. I didn’t need alot. I knew that Levi would have a lot of things at his place. There was also the fact that Levi would probably buy me stuff.

I walked back to the kitchen. Levi was saying his farewells. When he saw me, he grabbed my bag. I turned to hug each one of my family member. I promised, again, that I would visit them. They walked Levi and me to the door. I noticed Mikasa gripping the door.

“Old man, if you hurt Eren in anyway then I will kill you,” Mikasa threatened.

“Mikasa,” my father turned to face her with a stern look.

“No, it’s alright,” Levi interfered. “Mikasa, right? If that should happen then you have my permission to do so.”

“Levi,” I looked at the man’s silver eyes.

“It’s fine, Eren.” There was a hint of blue flashing in the man’s eyes. I relaxed as I gave my attention to my sister.

“Okay, then. Don’t mess up,” Mikasa replied.

“Thank you, Mika. Bye, I’ll see you guys later,” I gave my last farewell.

Levi held my hand as I waved my other one. We turned around and walked away. When we reached the end of the crops in the field, Levi stopped. I looked up to him with questioning eyes.

“Let’s go to the market in the town first,” Levi answered my unspoken question.

“Why?” I asked as Levi lifted me into his arms. “What are you doing?!”

“If I let you walk then it’ll take a century and you also can’t fly yet,” Levi started to run.

By running, I meant running. It was an extremely fast pace. I couldn’t even see the surrounding area. Eventually, Levi stopped and we were in the middle of the market. I was lowered to the ground.

The man held my hand and led me through the people. I had no idea where we were going. The area turned into more about clothes rather than crops. I made the man intertwined our fingers. The man sighed in defeat, but had a smile on his face.

“What are we doing?” I asked, not being able to remain quiet any longer.

“Here,” Levi stopped at a stand.

I looked up and saw accessories hanging and being displayed on the table. There were necklaces, bracelets, anklets, and rings. Rings… RINGS! I looked up to the meet the man’s silver eyes. I blushed, realizing what the man wanted.

“Are you stupid?” I questioned rhetorically.

“Your mother said I could marry you,” Levi told me as he reached down and picked up a ring. “You’ll love it.”

He held my left hand in his own hand. He brought a ring in his other hand to my fingers. He slipped it into my left ring finger. I closed my eyes in embarrassment. Once I felt the ring on my finger was snugged, Levi lifted my chin. I opened my eyes to see silver ones that illuminated in blue. Levi smiled softly and gestured for me to look down. I did.

I saw a gold ring on my finger. It was