jump.

Haru thought it weird for Makoto to be acting so strange. He didn’t like this strange behaviour, so, naturally, wanted to get to the bottom of it.

The school day had ended as usual, and somehow, Haru had forced his way into coming home with Makoto. It wasn’t unusual, for Haru to go over. It was just that today, he had been a little more forceful with the desire to do so.

Makoto had no say in anything as he opened the front door, hands trembling ever so slightly, letting the two of them in.

Of course, the twins came at them at full blast and demanded they play together. There was no getting out of it; Haru had no time to be alone with Makoto until after dinner, when Mrs Tachibana gently told them that the older ones had homework to do.

Haru was very grateful for the interference as he walked up to Makoto’s room, his second home besides his own.

The minute they got in, Haru sat Makoto down on the bed and asked: “What happened?”

“Eh? Haru, what do you mean?”

Makoto’s green eyes sparkled with a very frail cover of innocence, hiding the anxiousness behind.

“You’ve been really weird today. Did something happen?”

“Oh no, haha nothing happened Haru!”

“Are you sure?”

Makoto didn’t admit to anything, so Haru decided to let the issue drop. For now.

They sat together, doing their homework and working on assignments. From the corner of his eye, Haru spotted something very interesting standing in one corner of the room. Since when did Makoto play the guitar? He left the issue, however, not wanting to disrupt the other’s concentration.

There was total silence in the room until Makoto excused himself to go to the bathroom.

And this was the chance Haru had been waiting for.

Once Makoto was out of the room, Haru got up from his seat on the floor in light speed. Starting from the closet, he rummaged through Makoto’s clothes, searching in every single drawer but finding nothing. He lifted items off the table, looked underneath the bed sheets.

Finding nothing interesting, Haru went on to open one of the drawers underneath Makoto’s table. Right at the top, so very conveniently placed, was a piece of paper scribbled with Makoto’s handwriting.

Haru’s eyes opened wide with shock when he read the first line on the page: ‘Dedicated to Haru’

Interest piqued, Haru sat down on the bed and started reading the rest of it. He was totally unaware that Makoto had just come out of the bathroom and was now heading back.

“Haru?”

The raven jumped with fright, the paper in his hands crumpling beneath the sudden exertion of pressure. Haru could only stare, wide-eyed, as his best friend walked over to him.

“Haru? What’s th-AH!”

Haru stared, bewildered yet amused as he watched the blood drain from Makoto’s face.

“H-Haru…where…”

Makoto couldn’t seem to get his voice out from his throat – he merely stood there, mouth hanging open, finger pointing at the piece of paper in Haru’s hands.

“Makoto. What’s this?”

The brunet’s face suddenly went from a deathly pale to a deep rose-red, and he emitted some sort of high-pitched yelp that did not sound human at all. He reached out to grab the paper from Haru’s hands, but the other was too swift and agile for Makoto.

“Haruuu” Makoto whined in embarrassment, clumsily trying to swipe at the piece of paper still in Haru’s possession.

“Makoto. Is this for me?”

Now, Makoto’s face wasn’t just rose-red. It was some ridiculously deep shade of red that Haru had never thought would appear on his best friend’s face.

“Are these…lyrics?”

“Haru! H-how did you find it?!”

“Makoto. Answer me properly.”

Green eyes widened, unsure and perplexed. Makoto really had meant to keep it a secret from Haru – how did Haru even find it in the first place?

“Please…?”

Makoto gave in. Haru had never really said ‘please’, as far as he could remember at least. Haru always seemed to have his way with things, he’d do as he pleased and was always straightforward and direct in demanding whatever he wanted. This was a different Haru. A curious one.

“Haru…promise not to laugh at me?”

“Of course not.”

“Well…the truth is…I-I started learning the guitar awhile ago…and uh, I really liked it…so I thought, that, uh, maybe, I could…you know…write a song…to…uhm…” Makoto coughed, face still flushed and eyes very, very focused on the floor.

“Anyway I ended up writing a song and you were the first person who came to mind when I started so it ended up