back to translucent and on to faint, blurred enough to look like a tiny white smudge across my glasses—except that I’m technically not wearing any right now.

I stare—that’s all I think to do, really—as the lambent orb ascends ever so gently and in that same pace orbits a few times around me, the fading and solidifying at war with each other all the while. In the end, the fading seems to win and it soon looks like a blur again.

It soon starts lazily floating both up and away from me, waggling, tracing what seems to be a path along the invisible steps of equally invisible stairs. Who would’ve thought a flying little orb of light could express laziness so well? It seems almost alive, like it has personality, a consciousness—and going by how it moves, I think it’s sleepy.

Then, it stops moving—just for one second—before rapidly advancing towards me with the speed of a muggle missile. Instinctively, I brace myself for impact, but it never comes. The ball of fading light hits me on the lower part of my throat—or should it be chest?—and passes right through without resistance. A brief glow surrounds me, hardly visible, for all of a second—no longer than that—and when I turn to look for the orb, it’s nowhere to be seen.

I’m pretty sure it’s back to where it belongs… Whether that’s in my body or it merely went somewhere else after passing through, I have no idea.

There’s no itch, no burn, no pain—only a light tingly feeling at the spot it touched.

All this has happened without any sound. There’s nothing of the whizzing that you would normally hear when something of that shape or size moves that fast. Even spells make a bit of sound when cast, and I’m not talking about the incarnation part.

But I think that’s enough revelations for today, really.

I’ve had plenty to last me for a while.

Really, I’m suddenly so tired…

I want to sleep.

My muscles feel heavy; it’s a clear sign that I need to rest. So I decide to take a nap here, where everything feels so soothing and safe. Normally I’d dive into the lake and snore the day away there, but I’d never wake up in time if I did. Mustn’t forget dinner at the Weasleys’, oh no.

A short time later, I’ve got a nice spot underneath one of the nearby trees. It’s a tree with blossoms that’s standing very close to the water’s edge. I still can’t figure out how blossoming trees can stand merrily next to others with fruit, those with all-green leaves and the ones that look they ought to be ready to shed their multi-coloured leaves. It’s a seasonal carnival, a mix-up of times, mother nature under a confundus…

But never mind that.

I’ll ask Hermione about that later. She’s bound to have some theories.

And down I lay, while my eyes fall closed.

By the time I wake up, I’m feeling kind of heavy. Breathing has become more difficult and I feel a pressure on my body.

What’s going on? I’m still a bit tired, but I probably won’t be able to sleep more, so I might as well get up and find out.

At first, I’m thinking that I haven’t properly woken up yet. Why else would I see this scene?

Magical creatures and animals. Everywhere.

The first I notice are the fish, merpeople and nymphs in the lake. Next are the many, many of what I think are fairies and other flying beings that fill the air around me. I don’t even know what most of them are called. Then, there’s the shore, where a herd of unicorns stand amongst a group of centaurs, alongside thestrals and what seems to be a variety of normal animals. A flock of pixies zooms by just in front of my face and then makes a stop in a nearby tree to chat with the sprites already sitting on the branches.

If it wasn’t offending to the creatures involved, I’d call this scene a zoo.

Slightly panicked, I avert my gaze form the spectacle before me to glance over my body. I can immediately see where the foreign pressure comes from. A large diversity of birds are perched quite comfortably all over me. They seem quite excited, going by their incessant chirping.

“The great Lord Dragon is finally awake, everyone!”

I whip my head back forward at hearing the shout. Dear Merlin… What did I get myself caught up in now?

This time my eyes meet those of a sprite.

It’s small, and green all over—clothes and skin colour alike—with three pairs of tiny fluttering wings. The face is expressive, showing all its joy of