gravity sets in and the fish crashes back down, upsetting the inky, smooth surface of the lake.

When the ripples subside enough for him to see into the water again he finds the fish looking up at him curiously, seemingly contemplating something. He cocks his head to the side in a question that got lost somewhere in between the language barrier.

In the distance a cricket begins chirping and every bit of sense the bird possesses tells him he needs to return to his flock’s nesting ground before the sun sets and takes with it the warmth he needs to feel under his feathers to glide. He plucks one of his own feathers, wincing as he does so, and presses it to his lips before letting it fall into the lake. Then he begins his climb back to the upper branches.

First he wonders if fish understand what kissing is. Then he allows himself to sink into a daydream where he isn’t leaving the lakeside alone, but with another by his side. In his imagination deep purple feathers catch the light of the setting sun and the image is beautiful but oh so wrong because those should have been scales and fins.

He shakes his head and focuses on the climb, well aware that his own imagination just cost him his good mood.

Fish can’t fly after all.

---
Almost like it’s dancing, the tangled plantlife on the bottom of the lake sways with the current. He emerges from his resting place, a small woven tangle of plants that protects him from being carried by the stream while he sleeps, and seeks out a suitable current to carry him closer upwards, to the surface.






He follows the sway of the long foliage, letting the tide guide him to the shallows where he hooks his toes around a thin, wiry plant to anchor himself in place and watches the branches overhead, waiting for something to happen.

His wait doesn’t last long before a crow lands there, gazing into the water just like the fish was expecting. While it is common knowledge amongst their kind that birds are fickle creatures, so used to their endless skies that they never stay in one place for long before they move on, distracted by something new and foreign they deem more interesting than their current nesting ground , the crow has perched above the lake every evening without fail for almost five moons.

He knows what it is the bird seeks but still he waits, hidden in the thick underwater forest, curious to see what’ll happen. Some days he remains hiding for the entire duration of the crow’s stay, others he doesn’t bother to stay away at all.

It’s only when the bird begins to fidget that he releases his foothold and kicks his legs together to gain speed. He skims right below the surface before once again diving down and straying out of sight, peeking through the wiry grass he’s chosen for his new hiding spot. He was only visible for the barest of moments, he knows, but the crow has noticed him nevertheless.

There is something exhilarating about knowing he is the reason the bird continues to come back, about those sharp eyes being so honed on catching sight of him that he hardly ever misses the playful taunting maneuvers. 

His kind rarely strays from the deep, where they are the mightiest on the food chain and the battle trophies and treasures they don themselves in glint menacing in the few fragmented rays of light that manage to penetrate so far down. Sometimes the fish wonders if the crow would be able to pick him out of a hunting party, or if he’d be deceived if another came up to him during one of his visits one day.

Of course he’s been careful never to give away the nature of his solo adventures. They’d be considered foolish, childish, and not being taken seriously because of his fascination with a bird of all things is the last thing he wants. Not to mention the idea of sharing these oddly private moments with anyone else seems like a betrayal, although he’s not sure to whom.

The bird is still watching the water intently and so he allows himself to glide from the grass to a tangled patch of rope-like plants, almost feeling the bird’s eyes following him for the brief while he is visible. 

He watches the crow’s descent with interest. It had taken weeks before the bird had dared to approach the water as closely as he did now, and the fish takes enjoyment in knowing it was to see him up close that the bird grew more daring over time despite the risks the fish knows he is taking. In his carefully woven home, the fish keeps his treasures; one of the most precious possessions is a sharp sparrow’s beak scavenged off of the dead body of a drowned bird. 

He swims over to behind where the bird sits perched, carefully using the current to stay out of sight and swim without moving too much to prevent catching the eye until he is right behind him, where he once again briefly touched the surface.

Long, thin strings of algae hide him from view this time, but they also obscure his view of the crow so he figures it is