’ve ever come across. But at the same time, living in a highly popular city does not mean you get around to visiting every place. But why would someone want to spend hours walking around the city, stopping literally every fucking second to take another photo to complete your pretentious collection of coordinated family photos. Or waste everyone’s time at cafes when you can’t decide on what is more “authentic” to the city. Like it’s a fucking pizza, just get it and move on with your life, because I can assure you that your choice of food is not going to terminate your life.  However, the amount of time you waste trying to assert your dominance in front of everyone may be a factor.

And so they complete their route. Following the crowds of people making their way across the streets in the most illegal way, not to mention.  Late afternoon traffic is not the time to try to fulfill your dreams of having your own “Abbey Road” moment. Or any other time in any city or parallel universe.  And yet somehow the constant rush of deathly traffic never seems to inflict any sort of injury onto these people, not that is what Louis wants, but they just get to keep on being the self-absorbed, privileged, heterosexual selves without any realization of the real world.

Nighttime quickly approached to both Harry and Louis’. They still had their highly anticipated dinner to look forward to. [Look up info on restaurants in NYC]
“Nice innit?” Louis said once the two of them were seated at the restaurant. They two of them went all out for this surprisingly. Both wearing nicely fitted black suits with a navy blue tie for Louis and a deep olive tie for Harry. Needless to say, their pretentious attitude for the day carried into their evening attire considering their choice in ties complementing their eye color. Completely out of character, but it did make for some quite fun with the whole charade. 

“Yeah I’d say the lofted ceilings with crystal chandeliers and full on candelabras centered at every table does fall under the category of ‘nice.’” Harry retorted just perfectly in tune to the angle they’ve been headed today. They skimmed over the menu but decided on going with whatever was recommended, but as it turns out, the “recommendation” was not the best. It was fucking horrendous. Not only do none of the ingredients go together, but also they had to pretend to like the meal as to not upset the waiter who was literally leaning over the table as if to get some sort of feedback to the food that was just placed on in front of them.

But they did enjoy themselves.

“I hate to interrupt your consumption of this fine meal, but may I ask why you have a slice of chocolate cake in front of you?“ Louis was confused as to why Harry decided to order that of all things and with the main course. Louis was not of high class but eating dessert in prior to dinner just feels wrong.

Harry was quite amused it seemed, as if he’s been asked that question numerous times, but with a personality and outward angelic appearance as Harry’s, Louis was not surprised.

“I always eat dessert first. If you think about it, what If I were to die right now, I would never get to eat the one thing I truly wanted to have. And I don’t think you’re the type of person who would want to deprive me of my happiness and possibly last dying wish, would you not?” He said taking another bite of cake, with that cocky smirk of his. Harry knew exactly what he could do to really get people going and he did not put that aside tonight.

Louis was laughing along as well, though. He did see the logistics in wanting to enjoy something right away instead of suffer and possibly not make it to the one thing you really wanted to have. It made sense, sure but he did not join in on the act. He just continued on eating his awful meal but fill the void with dry humor presented by harry, himself. Quirky wasn’t he. Every quality a person could possibly have and more was Harry, even the bad ones somehow turned good.

The night ended, as all good things do. They went off their separate ways to return tomorrow for another day of fun, sarcastic because they both had a sociology seminar.

Louis’ sister was at a sleepover with some of the girls in her class that night, so he has to remember to get her sometime tomorrow morning. He wouldn’t want to let his sister suffer any longer, even if it was a “friend’s” house. Pessimism ran in the family. He’s also seen the girls in her class before. They may be much younger than him but they have some of the worst attitude than some adults that he much
Despises

Chapter Six

It was just one ring before Louis picked up the phone and was over in an instant. The news of his little sister being the target of those other girls last night, is not what he ever wants to