"...Really, we should have some kind of pre-screening process, I think. A questionnaire, maybe a litmus test, just to short-list the most suitable candidates, of course..."

"Sherlock..."

"...I don't put much faith in I.Q. tests, but I suppose we ought to include some kind of assessment of general intelligence and critical thinking ability..."

"Sherlock." She put her laptop on the table and stood up, reaching out and grabbing his arm to stop him from pacing. "I..." He turned to look at her, his eyes sparkling with what she knew were a dozen trains of thought running off in different directions at once. Tests, interviews, insemination, prenatal care; maybe even diapers, daycare, schools. It warmed her heart to know that he would take such an interest in her child, but of course she knew he would, because she was Joan Watson and he cared about everything related to her. What she wanted, though, was something more – but she couldn't find the words on her lips to ask for it.

In her silence, genuine curiosity filled those bright eyes. She thought, innocence. How could it be so hard to deduce when she felt like it was written all over her face?

"Joan?" he prodded.

She had to look away from those eyes. They were too all-seeing, but not all-seeing enough. You see but you do not observe, she thought, and she wished she could find it in her to be witty in that moment because she would probably never get a chance to use it against him again. She hadn't let go of his arm.

Look at my face and deduce it for yourself, Sherlock. But that would be the easy way out.

"I was hoping," she started. And stopped. Gathered herself and looked into eyes again. "I was actually wondering if..." her lip trembled, "...if you would be the father, Sherlock."

It was rare to see a look of genuine surprise on the face of Sherlock Holmes. Much more rare to see one that she'd put there herself. His eyes were so wide she could hardly see anything else. His hands lowered and fell away from his chin. She would have appreciated the moment more if she hadn't been nervous to the point of nausea.

There was a moment of silence between them longer than any that she'd shared in conversation with Sherlock before. She had the feeling that all the trains had simultaneously derailed and for one instant, however fleeting, there were simply no trains running at all.

His face started falling back into composure, slowly at first, and then all at once he was Sherlock again, and the trains were running, all focused on her. He adjusted his stance to face her more directly and clasped his hands behind his back.

"I am flattered, Joan," he said finally. "But I don't think that you would like that."

She actually pulled her head back in surprise. That was the one answer she hadn't prepared herself for.

"And why is that?" she asked slowly.

He turned his head to avert his eyes. "You could do better."

It was her world that stopped turning in that moment, her train that ground to a halt. Sherlock, who regularly called even his best friend an idiot. Sherlock, who turned up his nose at all the mere mortals and their mere mortal concerns that were so far beneath him. Sherlock was avoiding her eyes and telling her that she should find a better man to father her child.

What could she even say to that?

She gripped both of his shoulders.

"You know that you're Sherlock fucking Holmes, don't you?"

The corner of his mouth twitched and his eyes flicked up briefly to meet hers. "The middle name is a novelty, but I have been known to answer to that name, yes."

"Right. So explain to me exactly how I could do better, because I really missed that part."

"There's little to explain. I merely stated that you could find a more suitable donor than myself to contribute to your child's genetic makeup."

"See, there. That's the part I'm having trouble with," she said, tightening her grip on his shoulders. "Just a moment ago you were going on about the biological imperative to pass on one's genes, and about evolutionary success. You don't want to contribute to that?" She added, trying to lighten the mood: "You aren't worried about the idiots taking over the gene pool in your absence?"

He did smirk at that. "I fear the damage has been done. Anderson does have a two-year-old son, after all." The smirk faded quickly back into his forced nonchalance and he regained his air of seriousness. "Despite that, I have no desire to pass on my genes. Spitting in the face of Darwin, I suppose, but I do believe I have the right to choose whether