re going to have monsters in your closet, eh? It’s not as though you’ve been bad?”

“Is this really the time?” Jake hissed. “I’m about to be eaten!”

“Jacob Lucas-Jones, do not force me to wake your mother up. What did you do?”

“Nothing! I don’t even know how to use the lawn mower! It started all by itself—I think this house is haunted!”

Killian’s eyes widened. “Lawn mower?”

“Again, the timing—”

“What the hell were you doing with the lawn mower?”

Jake grabbed him by the collar, staring at him with panic-filled eyes. “Do you understand I have a monster situation right now?” he demanded in an urgent whisper. “I am going to be eaten!”

“How did you even get it to start?” Killian said bewilderedly. “I hid the keys from you! I put them on the top shelf! How did you get them!”

“I didn’t,” Jake wailed. “Charley hot-wired it—”

“Charley.” Killian closed his eyes, exhaling. If there was one child in this town who could hot-wire a lawn mower, of course it was Neal Cassidy’s. “Why was Charley hot-wiring our lawn mower?”

“Because Cassie Dunbroch’s got a car,” Jake said miserably, dropping his hands. 

Killian lifted an eyebrow, but Jake seemed to think “Cassie Dunbroch’s got a car” was sufficient explanation. “And what does Cassie have to do with this?”

“We wanted to race,” Jake shrugged. He chanced a glance at him, toying with a loose string around his sleeve. “Maybe if I had a car…I know, I’ve had my eye on this little Jeep—”

“Jacob.”

“Okay. I got it. Read the room, bad timing, I understand.”

“What happened?” Killian asked through his teeth. “What did you break? Who did you kill?”

“Just the lawn mower. Everyone’s fine, but…the lawn mower, it…it didn't make it.”

“The lawn mower didn't make it.”

Jake shook his head sorrowfully.

Killian studied him with narrowed eyes, trying to decipher how much was genuine regret and how much was a theatrical attempt to glean some mercy. “Where is the lawn mower?”

“It’s…” Jake bit his lip. “I can’t, I’m sworn to secrecy.”

“If you don’t tell me, I’m going to assume there’s a body buried with it. I’m legally obligated to notify the authorities if I suspect foul play.” He paused, sensing that this was not enough to frighten Jake into confessing. “And, of course, I’ll have to tell Mum.”

Jake snapped his head up fearfully. “You can’t!” he begged. “She’ll kill me! You’ll never see me again, I’ll be dead!”

“You’ve already got that monster in your closet,” Killian reminded him seriously. “If I can protect you from him, I might be able to protect you from your mother.”

“Really?”

“Really. But you have to tell me: what happened to the lawn mower?”

Jake twisted the hem of his shirt, his eyes darting around the room. “The docks,” he said in a small voice. “It’s at the docks.”

Killian stared at him incredulously. “You drove a lawn mower all the way to the docks? On the other side of town?”

“It’s actually…beneath the docks…?”

“JACOB LUCAS-JONES, YOU DROVE A LAWN MOWER INTO THE BLOODY OCEAN?”

“HE DID WHAT?”

Killian and Jake whirled around as a bedraggled, wide-eyed Ruby stumbled into the hall, staring at them in horror. Jake immediately tried to scurry away, but Killian grabbed the back of his shirt, pointing at him. 

“Your son drove a lawn mower off the docks, after getting Charley Cassidy to hot-wire it for him!”

Ruby turned her furious gaze onto her son. “Jake!” 

“Mom, I’m—”

“What is wrong with you?” she shouted. “You could have been hurt—you could have been killed! Do you know how much trouble you’re in, young man?”

“A lot?” Jake ventured.

“And you!” Ruby glared at Killian, pounding forward to whack him upside the head. “This is your fault!”

“Me? What did I—? Bloody hell, stop hitting me!”

“Why weren't you watching him?” she demanded. “He’s six! He can’t be left alone, are you insane?”

“Yeah, come on, Dad!” Jake snapped. “I can’t be left alone! What’s wrong with you?”

“Stay out of this, Jake!” they ordered in unison. Jake dropped his head, taking a few careful