s the plan ^^"

Please let a comment or a Kudo if you liked it, it would make me really happy!

First of all, I want to apologize for not posting for so long (school and stuff) but I hope you'll read this anyway.As always thanks to my lovely sister AiraKT, my friend HappyEND and the super sweet helloyesIamtrash for beta-ing this.

Please let me know your opinion on this chapter in the comments, it would make me really happy!!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


“I can already see the town!” The two men
had travelled a long way to reach their goal, Forkson.  When they walked
through the big gate Hajime frowned. Everything was the same, nothing had
changed in these last six years. Oikawa seemed to feel the same way, his gaze
was filled with sorrow and pain.



But there was no time to drown in memories,
they had a reason to come back here. “Let’s go to the town hall, already,”
Hajime suggested.



 



Each of the hunters noticed the eyes, pointed
at them. And after a few steps, a young girl walked in front of them, “Excuse
me, but what do you want here? Our town hasn’t got the money to pay you, so
please leave before the men throw stones at you.” Then she ran away and left
two surprised boys in the streets. “Just what has happened while we were
away…?” Oikawa asked, staring at the point where the girl had stood. “You’re
asking the wrong one, idiot.”



 



After this encounter they stayed alerted.
Not only werewolves could be dangerous for them. Some hunters wanted their
reward before they started a mission and some of them even ran away after
getting it, leaving the client alone with his problem. These were despised even
among their colleagues and no one wanted to be compared with them, especially
not Hajime and Oikawa.



 



Arriving at the town hall Oikawa opened the
door, hoping to find the major before anyone else. Unfortunately there seemed
to be a meeting right now and every single person looked at them. It wasn’t
like the brunet normally didn’t like attention, but this was a different situation. 
The crowd started to whisper and even though Hajime couldn’t understand them,
he knew that they were talking about them and that they wouldn’t be friendly.



 



To break the ‘silence’ Hajime decided to
try talking to them to avoid any misunderstandings. He took a deep breath and
wanted to say his first sentence, when a woman interrupted him, “Is it you? The
little Tooru and Hajime?” The two guys were surprised, they didn’t expect
someone to recognise them. They nodded in sync and the women walked in front of
the crowd. The raven wasn’t quite sure if he was right, but he thought that she
might be the little girl they played with as kids, Shimizu Kiyoko.



 



Then she turned to the people and tried to
convince them that they were friendly and that she knew them. When she finally
managed to do it, the boys were relieved. Shimizu was someone they could trust,
they knew that, but even though they had been friends in their childhood today the
situation was different. 



But she seemed friendly and she was
probably the only person in the whole town willing to tell them what had
happened.



 



When the girl invited them to have tea in
her house Hajime figured that this was mostly because she didn’t want them to
feel uncomfortable, because of the doubting looks they received from some of
the men. She lived in the house her parents once lived in, but there was no
sign of a family living in it. It was small and only had one kitchen, a
bathroom and one bedroom. Hajime knew that there had been another bedroom for
Shimizu but the door was gone. He and Oikawa sat down at the kitchen table and
the raven girl placed three cups with black tea on the table. 



 



She took a sip before sighed and looked
directly into the boys’ eyes, “Why are you two here again?” Her voice was sharp
and there was no friendly smile on her face. Surprised by this sudden question
Hajime couldn’t say a word. Was is so strange to go back to your hometown after
you had vanished six years ago? Probably. But they didn’t come back because of
nostalgia, no. It was more serious form them, even though Oikawa refused to
admit it. “We’re here because of my little kouhai, who was last seen in
Forkson. Iwa-chan worries about him.”



 



Shimizu’s eyes lit up and this didn’t went
unnoticed to them, since you have to notice every motion around you, as a
hunter, in order to stay alive. “Do you know him?” Oikawa continued bowing a
little over, “His name is Kageyama Tobio.” She sighed again, “Why do you ask,
if you already know the answer?” The brunet didn’t answer, he just smiled the
way he always did when Hajime lost to him when they had to decide