kicking them away. He curled up. He didn’t want to deal with this. He didn’t want to have to do this. He would rather leave it and deal with the consequences.


One HP monsters didn’t survive heats if left unattended. No one would miss him. It would be Reset if he died anyways. He would wake up in Snowdin, he would live through another timeline. He would reach this point again and again and again until it was so routine that it was just another scene in the never ending story.


Just then a shot of pain lanced through him, making him curl up tighter. He didn’t want to. He didn’t deserve pleasure or happiness. He didn’t deserve to touch his ribs, spine, pelvis, run his fingers over all of his sensitive spots. Form a vagina and stuff his fingers inside. ...Masturbate until he passed out from cumming so hard.


One of his hands snaked around his spine, pumping it while the other ghosted over his inner thigh, getting closer to his pelvis. He closed his eyes, imagining them touching him in place of his hands.


Toriel would graze her fingers over his hips, trail kisses over his thighs as she laid between his legs. Asgore would lay beside him as he ran his hand up and down his spine, grazing his floating ribs.


“You’ve been thinking about us, haven’t you?”


“Hnnng, ye-esssss.”


He hissed as Toriel clawed at his pelvis, his vagina immediately taking form under her ministrations. She shoved two fingers into his entrance, stopping just long enough so it wouldn’t be as painful when she started pumping them. Asgore slipped his hand into Sans’s ribcage, fondling the ribs from the sensitive inside.


Sans moaned brokenly, tears forming in his eyes as he fucked himself on his fingers faster, desperately rubbing and stroking at the insides of his ribs. His tongue took form and drool started to leak from his mouth as he turned his head to the side.


“Such a naughty boy. You should be punished.” The words were emphasized with another finger being added and a harsh thrust, as well as a scrape across the inside of his ribs. He cried out, the pace getting faster as his soul slowly started to manifest under his ribs.


“T-Toriel~! Ahhh, hnng! Asgore, please!”


The hand inside his ribs moved to ghost over his dripping soul, gripping it suddenly and pulling it out of his ribcage with care. The thrusting of his fingers had slowed as his soul was brought out, but the pace from before was quickly picked back up as his soul was given a small squeeze.


Sans moaned, panting out their names again as pleasure flooded through him. The hand wrapped around his soul caressed the outer layer, the intent of the touch enough to make him cum on its own. God, he hadn't felt like this in so long. If it weren’t for his heats, he would have probably never even thought to touch himself like this. Let anyone touch him like this. Let Asgore and Toriel touch him like this.


His orgasm almost came too quickly, his soul bursting as he clenched around his fingers. He moaned openly, panting and shaking through the overwhelming pleasure. As the pleasure wore off, he let the afterglow haze his mind, pulling his fingers out of himself and sucking on them. The hand on his soul loosened and fell beside him, his soul back into his ribcage and disappearing, making the release from it go away as well.


He hummed, pulling the sheets over himself and closing his eyes. His thoughts wandered to some of the happier memories he had with his two goat crushes as he drifted off to sleep.


...


Papyrus was worried. No, that was an understatement. He was terrified. Sans hadn’t ever reacted that badly to anyone pointing out his soul’s darkness back in the Underground. He had always played it off like it wasn’t a big deal, either deflecting the questions with ease or escaping the situation with a wink and an easygoing smile.


Papyrus had started to believe it himself. He had noticed, of course he had noticed, but with Sans acting as if it wasn’t something to worry about, it seemed like less of a problem. Just another thing about Sans that didn’t need to be addressed, like why his HP is so low. Nothing to worry about.


Lies. He had listened to lies. He knew souls were attached to emotions, he knew that. Why hadn’t he acted on it before? Why hadn’t he tried to understand his brother better, tried to help?


He was so stupid to let it go on this long, but he would help Sans now that the dinner put things in perspective. It was the least he could do after being such a bad brother for so long. He...could help Sans, couldn’t he?


No, no, he couldn’t think negatively, then it would never happen! He could help Sans, and he