that idea made him feel more or less uncomfortable. He wondered what kind of man Pendragon was, whether the rumours had been true, and whether Merlin would be able to fit in here at Pendragon Manor. 

Merlin first unpacked his few meagre belongings, before he made his way back to the kitchens to find the food Alice had mentioned. He sat down with a bowl of stew and some bread at the large wooden table and was beginning to doze off a little when the door suddenly flew open. Startled, Merlin looked up to see a man standing in the doorway, swaying slightly and holding on to the frame as if to keep himself upright. His blond hair was dishevelled and he only wore a pair of dark breeches and a thin white shirt that hung open at the collar so that Merlin could see the well-muscled chest. 

The man's eyes were wild, a dark, mysterious blue, and they were boring right into Merlin.

''What are you doing here?'' the man barked, taking another step forward. 

''I- I'm...'' Merlin stuttered. ''Miss Alice said-''

''Never mind,'' the blond interrupted him impatiently. ''You will do. Come with me.''

''Oh... okay.''

Merlin got up hastily. Was this really Lord Pendragon, his new master? But who else could it be? And, apparently, he had changed his mind about not being disturbed tonight, so who was Merlin to argue?

He followed the blond man up a winding staircase in tense silence, and then down a long corridor, observing that his master walked with a slight limp, probably due to the injury Merlin had heard mentioned. At the end of the corridor, a door stood ajar, revealing the flickering glow of firelight, and it was there that Pendragon led Merlin. 

When Merlin followed him inside, though, he was surprised to find that Lord Pendragon had apparently taken him to his bedroom. Merlin would have expected to be told about his duties in a more formal setting, but maybe his master needed his help right away, and again, it was not Merlin's place to question his master. 

Looking around with bashful curiosity, Merlin's eyes were drawn to the huge four-poster bed, illuminated by the glow of the low-burning fire in the hearth and a few flickering candles. It looked as if someone had twisted in the sheets in the throes of a nightmare. 

''Sir...'' Merlin started hesitantly, but once more he was interrupted.

''Take off your clothes,'' Lord Pendragon commanded, his back still turned towards Merlin. 

''What?''

''That's what you were paid for, isn't it?''

''I- I thought-''

But before Merlin could say any more, Pendragon stood before him staring down at him with cold blue eyes that had Merlin tremble a little. Then the blond man grabbed Merlin's threadbare tunic where it hung loosely over his chest and ripped it right down the middle. 

''There,'' he said, voice sounding rough and tinted with something like bitter scorn. ''That's a good start. Now go on with it. I want to see you pleasure yourself.'' 

Heart hammering in his chest, all Merlin could do was stare wide-eyed at his new Lord and Master who now reclined in a high-backed armchair by the fire, his face hidden in the shadows. Merlin had no idea what was expected of him and felt frightened to ask. 

''Do you want me to give you orders?'' Pendragon asked after a moment, his voice husky now. ''Very well. Start with your shirt. Take it off. I want to see you properly.'' 

Not knowing what else to do, Merlin complied. He slid the ruined garment of his shoulders and, after a moment of hesitation, dropped it to the floor. The room was warmed by the fire, but Merlin still shivered, feeling his skin pebble and and his nipples pulling taut.

Lord Pendragon seemed to contemplate him and after a moment he hummed in what sounded like satisfaction. ''You're a little skinny, but not without charms I guess,'' he observed. ''Go on then, your breeches next. Unlace them and then pull them down to your knees.''   

Merlin did as he was bid and soon was left in his thin small-clothes, feeling highly uncomfortable. He still had no idea why the master would ask this of him. Did he want to see whether Merlin was strong enough? Much like one would examine a horse?

''Well?'' the gravelly voice pulled Merlin out of his thoughts. ''Your undergarments then.''

Merlin hesitated, but it was obvious that Lord Pedragon was serious, and so Merlin started to pull the ties open with trembling fingers and then let the garment slide over his bony hips. He kept his eyes at the floor and waited. 

''Now touch your cock.''

Merlin looked up in shock then. Surely the other man couldn't mean... He glanced down at his prick which was already half-hard, much to Merlin's shame, and swallowed heavily. Surely his master couldn't want him to...  but