he just stared, eyes flickering from Louis’ face, to his arse, to his legs, and round again. Louis began to turn a light red, embarrassed. 

When Liam finally spoke, he was far from coherent. 

“You look... I mean... makeup... I... fuck.” 

Louis smirked, rolling off the bed to walk over to Liam, gracefully and on his heels. He slid his hands up Liam’s shirt, feeling at the abs that Liam managed to maintain in his weird manners of doing things like going to a gym (granted, he did work there) and eating healthy foods. “That’s the general idea.” 

Liam blinked before his hands came to rest on Louis’ arse protectively, squeezing his hands tightly to make Louis whimper. 

“Holy fuck,” he said, and then leaned down to capture Louis’ lips with his own, walking them back to the bed. 

Louis felt his knees hit the edge of the mattress before he was shoved back to lay on it, shuffling further back with his legs spread wide for Liam to settle himself between after he’d kicked his shoes off. Liam’s hips settled on his, one of his hands fit to Louis’ thigh and sliding down it slowly, causing him to let out a little whimper. 

His hand slid under the skirt and stayed, his lips moving from Louis’ to nip and suck at his jaw up to his ear. Louis’ breath became shaky, head tilting of its own accord as Liam’s warm breath suddenly hit his ear. “Fuck, you look so good in a skirt, Louis. Such a pretty girl, aren’t you?” 

“I--” 

“No, shh, don’t talk unless it’s you begging me to fuck you like the little whore you’re making yourself out to be. You’d let me do anything to you, wouldn’t you?” Liam’s teeth suddenly appeared, nipping at the lobe. “Let me fuck you until you were screaming my name.” 

Louis whimpered, his hard on stretching the knickers tight across his body. Liam’s hand on his thigh slipped up higher until it was brushing over exactly where he needed him, squeezing once. “Look how hard you are, practically gagging for it,” Liam hummed, his free hand moving up to Louis’ lips where he dragged his thumb over the bottom one, it coming away red. “Want you to suck me off. Then I’ll fuck you.” 

Louis nodded quickly, scrambling as Liam flipped them and threw his own shirt over his head before his hands started pushing Louis down to where he wanted him. Louis’ hands flew to undo Liam’s jeans and tug them down and off, moving his lips back to Liam’s covered length. He licked along the outline of it, sucking on the head softly. 

Liam’s thumb came out to brush over his collarbone, a small moan spurring Louis to pull his boxers down just until Liam’s hardness sprang free, and he rested the elastic under his balls. He brushed his lips from the base to the tip, looking up and keeping eye contact as he did so, then pressing sloppy kisses along where he’d just been.

His tongue darted out at the crown, licking over it before he took Liam into his mouth slowly, his hand holding steady at the base until he’d taken as much as he could to start off with. Louis started humming, moving his tongue over Liam as he bobbed to send vibrations up his cock and through his body. 

Louis gradually took a deeper amount with his bobs until his lips were almost wrapped tight around the base and his eyes were watering, smudging the eye makeup he’d been so desperate to make perfect. 

“Fuck, your mouth,” Liam muttered, feeling at Louis’ cheek as he bobbed on his cock with hollowed cheeks. His hand was twisted in Lou’s hair and tugging, making Louis moan loudly around him. 

Louis hollowed his cheeks and mimicked swallowing before he was being tugged off by a very red-cheeked Liam. “Get on your front, knees and elbows,” he all but commanded, sending Louis rushing into the position. 

He felt Liam’s hands on his thighs, spreading them almost painfully far. His cock ached, having not been touched since he’d adjusted himself in his knickers earlier, which actually reminded him that he was wearing them - still wearing the whole uniform actually. “Li--” 

“I’m going to fuck you in the uniform, Lou. You look too good for me to take it off just yet,” Liam smirked, his hands slipping up and flipping his skirt so that his barely covered arse was in full view. He moaned at the sight of the knickers, finger dragging down them over the cleft of his arse and rubbing at his entrance. 

“Oh my god,” Louis whimpered, his hips jerking at the feeling of the lace rubbing over that specific spot. Liam continued his ministrations before he grabbed the flimsy material at the right leg hole and tore it until it hung