one of the two had some decency and compassion.

 

Keith let out a short breath of relief as he struggled to gather his thoughts.

 

The man seemed completely oblivious to their charades, nodding eagerly as he pointed to the list of beverages on their menu.

 

“These two are quite fine, if you plan on trying any of our meats tonight I highly recommend going with the River Pinot Noir, but…” His voice was muffled by Keith’s own pounding heart beat, his ears ringing as he struggled to pay attention.

 

Just order water you damned fool, he thought, viciously chewing what was left of the insides of his cheeks.

 

It wasn’t that big of a deal, he was overreacting. If he could just catch his breath for two seconds and-

 

Shiro cupped his balls in the absolute most lewd manner possible, the action causing Keith’s legs to instinctively spread, his knees knocking into one of the table legs and surprising both Allura and the waiter at once.

 

Keith wished he could sink through floors, and time and space possibly.

 

His breath caught in his throat as he sputtered, “Can I please just have a water”.

 

He knew both Shiro and Allura were smiling, he knew because he could feel it, just as clearly as he felt the heat rising to his cheeks and sweat beading at his temples.

 

Fuck.

 

The waiter seemed a bit surprised, but complied and took note of his request. Shiro ordered several dozen cheese puff pastries and something he called ‘Salmon Tartare Coronet’, and Allura thanked their waiter and went on to talk about the pride and joy that was her family’s business.

 

Keith was mortified.

 

His entire body felt as if it was on fire, and he had no idea how many people must be watching him but he hoped to god no one could see the mess that was his composure at the moment.

 

If Shiro didn’t stop touching him he was definitely going to come in his pants like some deprived teenager, there was no doubt about it.

 

And yet he didn’t tell him to stop.

 

He didn’t say a single word as Allura gently stroked up and down his leg with her foot, as Shiro rubbed and stroked him through his underwear.

 

All he could do was press his mouth into a firm line and resist the urge to move his hips.

 

And fuck if it wasn’t harder said than done. He felt pathetic, completely at their mercy as he squeezed his eyes shut and listened to their unperturbed small-talk and chatter. The music in the background made it easier for him to round up his thoughts.

 

But that didn’t mean he was any less turned on.

 

In fact, letting his mind run freely was probably the biggest mistake of all.

 

 

Despite the belief that their food arriving would somehow take the heat off the situation and make it more bearable, no such thing actually happened at all. As a matter of fact, when their food and drink arrived, and shortly after they had ordered and received the main course, things seemed to escalate even further.

 

Shiro of course had to withdraw his hand eventually, in order to eat his food, but Allura never stopped toying with him.

 

He was slowly losing his mind.

 

His pants felt tight and uncomfortable, and his head was spinning with excitement and anticipation. The anxiety from earlier was an earshot away, with the returning thoughts that someone might have witnessed them, that someone might even be whispering about them that very moment. But he could barely sit still in his seat, less so focus on the food in front of him.

 

Keith, of course, was not raised by cavemen and finished what he had ordered, as well as the strange appetizers and any liquid that was held to his lips by eager and encouraging hands.

 

Perhaps the main reason he was feeling more relaxed was because of the alcohol, but he liked the thought of it being thanks to his own personal growth and stealthy ways of handling the situation.

 

He deserved some credit after all.

 

The rest of the dinner went smoothly, aggravatingly slow, but smooth nonetheless. And Keith found himself anticipating what was to come next, every feather light touch from Shiro, and every look they exchanged seemed to hint at something more.

 

Keith wanted it. He needed it.

 

When they finally finished up, there was a brief moment of panic where he tried to as discreetly as possible zip his fly and disguise the rock solid hard on he was sporting in his slacks.

 

But Shiro and Allura did an excellent job at providing a subtle, and effective shield, Shiro always blocking him from the (uninterested, still) view of the remaining people eating, and Allura wrapping herself around him for what could be assumed was support.

 

His knees were a bit unsteady, he’ll admit.

 

 

The walk to their hotel room was filled with both light banter and touches. Keith felt like he was walking on clouds.

 

How much had he really had to drink?

 

The elevator ride this time around, consisted of Allura pressing chaste kisses to Keith’s rosy cheeks as she snapped picture, after picture on her phone. Shiro grimaced each time