Hello" he made me laugh for a moment, I missed him. "Hello, who is it? Why aren’t you answering?" Because I do not have the courage? I thought "I’ll hang up, if you don’t answer." He threatened

 

"Hey don’t hang up! It’s Zayn." He had not hung up, but the line went silent

 

"Zayn? Why are you calling me?” he asked utterly surprised

 

"I wanted to apologize to you Jake, I know it must have been hard for you. I admire you for your courage, and i have to apologize for not being a good friend." I muttered

 

"Wait! I can’t understand! The Bradford bad boy is apologizing?” he laughed

 

"That's right” i smiled “Do you forgive me? I met a person who turned my world upside down. I finally understand your situation! I hope we can still remain friends" i said my breath hitching in my throat.

 

"Of course yes. I missed you buddy, and I'm sorry I kissed you, I just mess up things. I confuse friendship with love! You were and are my best friend, and of course you're very good looking.  The kiss really helped me clear my head .. "He said laughing.

 

"I'm very happy that you’re forgiving me Jake, hope you can come here someday. Take care buddy”

 

"Bye Zayn, take care of yourself too." He said hanging up the phone

 

It looked like a weight was lift off my shoulders, I was sorry for having snapped at him, he was an amazing friend. Harry made me realize that! Now I was in the same situation as JAKE, I JUST HADN’T KISSED HARRY… yet

 

Jake said confused love with friendship, maybe I'm confusing things with Harry too.

 

HE IS GORGEOUS, irresistible, CHARMING, IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE NOT FEEL attracted to him. I hope it's friendship, because I've never felt so sad in my entire life. The only thing I wanted was to find someone to make me as good as Harry. The best solution now, is to sleep, and hope that the certain green eyed boy won’t haunt my dreams.

I hope enjoyed this chapter, the next will have Zarry action, I promise.  Don’t  forget to  comment.Thanks to all who are reading this. I love you xxx


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

I was no longer confused, I was sure I loved Harry. It had been two weeks since I almost told him about my love for him, and since then he hadn’t speak to me, and nobody could imagine how that hurt me. On one hand I felt a relief not to have to see him all the time, but otherwise, it was disconcerting not to see Mr. Perfect Styles. Jake had spent another weekend at my house and we had fun, which all my friends liked, unless Harry, who was avoiding me. And it hurts. It even inspired me to do a song. All I could hear was Harry singing. 

 

"What if I text him? Will he answer me?" I thought out loud

 

 


To Harry  : Why don’t you talk to me anymore, mate? Z


 

It had been half an hour and no response. What did I do to let harry so upset with me? And that was when my phone rang, I still had it in my hand, looking forward to his reply.

 


From Harry  : Zayn Believe me, it’s better for everyone, me, you and Allie. I hope you are fine. H - xx


 

"I love you Harry, not like you love me, but I do." I said kissing my phone, thinking that Harry could feel it. "I'm an idiot, but why it’s better for Allie?" I mumbled to myself.

 


To Harry  : How do you want me to be fine, if you don’t talk to me anymore? I need you Harry, aren’t you my friend?


 

This time he hadn’t even answered me. None of the boys know why he’s ignoring me. Perhaps he is right, it will be better for everyone, but I still can’t understand why it will be better for Allie. Does she doesn’t want me and Harry to be friends? No, I think it’s impossible, she is a nice girl.

 

 

"Zayn, you're there?" Was the voice of Emma, she was knocking on the door now.

 

 

"Hi" I said opening the door and hugging her.

 

 

We became great friends, now she mentioned Harry’s name without fear, I know that I could trust her, at Liam's house she told me that I could count on her, and she didn’t lie. Emma always listened to my stories and she listened to me as nobody else did. She also told me that Harry liked me, she could see it in his eyes. But I