the events of his previous relationship.

So what was it about Zayn that made him feel so different?  Niall spent so much time being wary of Zayn’s advances, he felt he had nothing to offer–and yet Zayn was willing to give him a chance.  A chance to feel like someone needed him again.

“Liam, I know you’re concerned, and I don’t blame you.  But I’ve been so careful getting closer to Zayn this whole time,” he pauses, running his finger along the edge of his mug.  “I feel like I don’t deserve Zayn, but when I look at him... he’s the only person I want to be with.”

Liam smiles and leans in to hug Niall, rubbing his back to let him know he understands.  “You deserve him more than you know, Niall,” Liam says earnestly, sitting back in his chair when they let go.

Niall’s about to open his letter from Zayn when he pauses to look around the room.  “Wait.  Harry usually finds the basket first,” he says in a suspicious tone.

“Harry was complaining about you slamming the car door into him last night.”

“Zayn and I were in the middle of a very important conversation!”

“Yeah well, I switched his ibuprofen with sleeping pills instead,” he snickers holding up a small bottle of melatonin.  “He’s been out cold the whole night!”

Niall cackles at Liam’s bravery and cackles even harder when Harry lazily walks into the room mumbling for tea, crashing into the fridge to get to the kettle.  Liam quickly puts the sleeping pills into the pocket of his sweats, and tightly grips the chair where he placed all of his papers.

“Have a good night’s sleep, Harry?” Liam asks holding back a smile.

Harry yawns throwing a tea bag into his mug. “Like a baby,” he says scratching his head walking back to the table.  He notices the basket of strawberries and glares at Liam when he realizes there isn’t a note in there for him to steal.

“You win this time,” mumbling from behind his cup.

The boys are distracted when the house phone rings loudly and Liam stands up to get it.  Harry saunters off to watch television and Niall quickly tears open his envelope.


Niall



Last night was great, I can’t wait to see you again.
Call the Estates when you can – the greenhouse is ours.



Zayn x


Niall bites his lips and closes his eyes, holding the note to his chest as if Zayn’s essence could transfer into his body at that very moment.  He begins to think about the meaning of the greenhouse–“Plants? Is Zayn a botanist too? What else is he not telling me?”–before Liam interrupts his train of thought.

“Mr. Malik’s invited us to go shooting with a few friends later today!  I said we’d go, since we won’t be doing anything anyway.”

“But Liam!” Harry yells from the living room. “We don’t know how to shoot!”

Niall sits up, immediately adding, “It’ll be fun! And Mrs. Malik will probably have food waiting for us when we’re done.”

“Eager to see Zayn?” Liam whispers with a smirk.

Niall smiles and whispers back, “Eager to see Louis?”

Liam’s eyes go wide and immediately puts his head down. “I think I embarrassed him last night.”

“What did you–oh!” Niall gasps, recalling their incident. “The... the thing where you–”

“I didn’t know what I was doing!” Liam says panic-stricken, “It was just there, dripping down his mouth and I...”  Niall reaches over to Liam’s shoulder to comfort him.

“God! He makes me so nervous when he does all those things to me,” he says rubbing his temples, “but last night... I don’t know what came over me.  We talked it over, but I’m just not sure what to think.”

“You let your guard down when he least expected it.”

“I was at my weakest, Niall,” Liam whispers, “And for some reason, reaching out for Louis felt like the only thing that would make me stronger.”

–

The trio stand in the gun room of Malik Estates, a small nook adjacent to the living room of the mansion.  Mr. Malik and Zayn take out several shotguns from wooden cabinets with glass windows, along with boxes of shotgun cartridges and earplugs.

Niall stares at Zayn, intrigued by his swift work manner of wiping the guns and cleaning the barrels.  Niall’s never seen Zayn work so meticulously, but then again, he’s never seen Zayn shoot a gun before.

Niall continues to stare until Harry gets in his line of vision, continually pacing back and forth, fixing his hair.

“Are you all right, Harry?” Mr. Malik asks concerned.

“I’m sorry, Mr. Malik, but you don’t understand–none of us how to shoot,” Harry