someone like you before, you guys are like opposites’ We always thought it was funny, because it was true, but Baekhyun just a quality about him that made me feel different you know? In a good way, of course. He was just always there to remind me not to be so serious all the time and even though he loves to joke around he could tell when I was having a bad day even though I didn’t say it. He just always knew what to say and do. I’ve never had anyone like him before in my life.”

 


 February 14, 2004 


 


 Kyungsoo comes home to a smoke filled apartment, he quickly dropped his belongings and runs inside to see what was going on. He finds his boyfriend running around the kitchen with a baking pan full of what looked to be burnt cookies, though he wasn’t sure. 



 “Baek, are you okay?” he asked, concern evident in his voice. 



 The other nearly drops the tray when he sees Kyungsoo, his eyes immediately welling up and before Kyungsoo could do anything, he drops the tray onto the counter and bursts into tears. 



 He quickly runs to his distressed boyfriend, taking him into his arms and holding in him tight. “Hey, hey what’s wrong? Are you hurt?” 



 “I-I wanted to surprise you with dinner since it’s V-Valentine’s day,” Baekhyun hiccups through sobs, “But I ruined everything and everything is burnt and Valentine’s day is ruined! I’m sorry I shouldn’t have done anything, now our kitchen is a mess and we don’t have dinner or anything. It was suppose be a special night.” 



 Kyungsoo sighs, an endearing smile on his face as he wipes the flour off the other’s cheek with his thumb before pressing a soft kiss onto his lips. 



 “Hey come on, stop crying it’s okay. Thanks for trying to surprise me, I really appreciate it.” 



 The other wipes his tear stained cheeks with his sleeves, lips pulled into a pout as he looks at his boyfriend. “Y-You do?” 



 Kyungsoo helps wipes away the tears running down his face and pulls his head into his chest. “Of course you idiot, I love you.” 



 “I love you too.” 


 

>>>>>Both sides<<<<<

 

“It’s been so long since I’ve sat down and thought about all the good times we’ve had,” Baekhyun said, a small smile on his face.

 

“Yeah, it’s definitely...nostalgic, remembering all the dumb stuff you’ve done.”

 

A playful pout pulled at the other’s lips as he lifted up a leg to gently kick Kyungsoo’s shin.

 

“Yah you better not be telling them my embarrassing stories.”

 

“Too late.”

 


 How did the relationship progress? 


 

Kyungsoo’s side <<<<<

 

“I think for the first four years, we were still in like the honeymoon stage. Everything was good. We ended getting married right after college and I think it was just too fast and we were still too young and that was when things started getting rough.”

 

Baekhyun’s side >>>>>

 

“It was really good at first, we were like the typical perfect couple in romance movies,” he chuckled, “But then after we got married was probably when things got more complicated.”

   

 

 

“We were just too young and dumb I think,” he said with a sad smile on his face.

 

>>>>>Both sides<<<<<

 

“We definitely…weren’t ready for marriage,” Kyungsoo said.

 

Baekhyun lightly laughed, nodding his head. “Yeah I think we just rushed into it too fast especially since we had just graduated and we barely knew what the real world was like and we didn’t realize how hard it would be.”

 

“Yeah we were probably a little too naive, thinking that marriage was going to be this perfect, easy thing like it was in movies.”

 


 How did it end? 


 

Baekhyun’s side >>>>>

“Well the first couple years were fine, we were still living in our tiny apartment. But then we wanted to move out, get an actual house and everything was just a mess. Work started getting in the way of everything, we never really saw each other anymore. I always told him he was working too much and he’d always just brush me off, I knew he was working hard to support us but it was hard you know? I felt  like we weren’t really in it together anymore.”

Kyungsoo’s side <<<<<

 

“Looking back it, I definitely think it was my fault. I was never really good at expressing my thoughts and feelings and when we hit the rough patch, the communication wasn’t there and now that I look back I put Baekhyun through a lot of pain that he didn’t deserve. Everyone always called us the perfect couple and we both knew we weren’t. I think the pressure to keep up this act being super in love and happy was just too much and I ended up working a lot to cope with it all and I was just never home anymore. Baekhyun had tried