of the others anyway.” He tried to be stoic for another second, before giving up and shaking out his hand with a wince, opening and closing it to try and regain circulation. “Kid’s got a mean grip on him, though – get that from you?”

Deanna grinned widely. “Nah, got that all by himself. By the time I- by the time I was 14, anyway, he already had a firm grip – almost squeezed me to death, I swear.”

When she gave up all those pretenses that the Engel lords and ladies paraded around like show horses, she was radiant.

Gabriel watched as she gathered up the practice swords, followed her to a small shed where she cleaned both of them meticulously then hung them up to join an entire wall of other swords, of all lengths and widths. He stepped forwards hesitantly and asked, “May I?”

She glanced back from her task to look at him, considering. “Oh, you came without a blade on you so I assumed … of course, just be careful – they’re all sharp.”

He raised a brow.

Deanna laughed at his surprise. “You thought they were blunt, right? Far as Dad was concerned, it’s just good incentive to dodge, and I agreed enough to continue the tradition with Sam and Adam. Both are freaking champions at getting out of the way, now.” She smiled wistfully. “Suppose I was the same, at their age.”

Gabriel shrugged and lifted one of the swords off the wall, hefting it experimentally. Making a face at the balance and weight he quickly replaced it, trying out another. Deanna watched him carefully as he went through the collection, never lingering on a single blade for more than a few seconds. “If you find a decent one, we can have a bout before lunch?”

Gabriel turned away from the current blade – the only one he hadn’t replaced straight away so far – with a sharp look. “Sure that’s a good idea?” he smirked.

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Deanna seemed to bristle, her brows snapping together and eyes narrowing to slits.

Gabriel’s smirk widened. “Nothing much. Still need to give you Michael’s letter, remember? Sure you wouldn’t prefer doing that first?”

“Now you listen here, bastard,” she growled, advancing menacingly, “just cause I don’t have three lumps between my legs doesn’t make me any less capable than the rest of you pricks. Pick a blade, let’s get it on.”

Gabriel snickered. “Defensive much?” he shot back, turning back to his selection. Giving a few experimental thrusts, he nodded to himself. “Yeah, sure, this one will do.” He leaned against the table, twirling the sword around in a fancy, if useless, pattern. “Sure you want to do this, darling? Wouldn’t want to damage your pretty little face now.”

For some reason, Gabriel’s statement made Deanna’s anger dissipate, leaving only a blank mask. She turned back to the rack where she’d deposited her and Sammy’s swords before, choosing another one. Apparently that particular section was full of appropriate swords for her and her family, judging by how she simply turned back to him without testing the blade at all. “Normally fight with anything else? Knives, shields, we’ve got all that here.”

“Nah, got my daggers right here,” he told her, slipping down his sleeves a little. Deanna nodded, still worryingly blank, and led them back to the practice ring.

“Until one of us yields,” she said, already in stance, “or first blood.” He nodded in agreement, assuming his own position. They circled around each other, eyeing the other’s swords, the distance, the grip, their careful, measured steps.

When she moved, Deanna was lightning fast, and Gabriel realized just how much she had held back against her little brother. There hadn’t been any gaps in her defense before, but now she was like a fortress – utterly impenetrable. She was straightforward – no traps, no lures – but incredibly cunning all the same, fast enough that even knowing what she was about to do, Gabriel could do nothing but block, unable to take advantage of the knowledge.

He hurriedly backed away, putting some measure of distance between them. His gaze was now more wary, none of the cocky smirk he had worn before, and a drop of sweat ran down his neck. Deanna’s face showed nothing.

Deanna had reach and height over Gabriel, and he was willing to bet that in terms of brute strength she was probably just as, if not stronger than, him. It wasn’t as if he had never sparred against girls before – his little sister Rachael, while a perfect lady most of the time, was also a feisty little thing that scrapped as well as any wildcat – and while some of them had been taller and stronger than him, he’d