that Zayn doesn't notice, but his eyes never left the pathetic ex).

 

"Didn't have to be so rude, babe." Zayn says the second Louis and Sage are out of sight. He drapes an arm around Harry pulling him tight almost like a wordless thank you.

 

Harry pecks Zayn's cheek, "From what you told me about him, I must be. God, what a jerk."

 

"Wasn't a jerk. He just had a way with words. Very open with his opinions is all." Zayn's voice is shaky. He's backing up Louis naturally, doesn't have intentions on doing so but it just comes. 

 

"He hated how you lived your life from what you told me. He told you how to live it too. Yet he was a bottom? Oh come on." Harry groans dramatically and Zayn can't help but hug Harry tighter because he really appreciates his determination to make Louis seem like the worst person ever, and to make Zayn feel like the happiest man alive.

 

Zayn's considers that he owes Harry, so his way of gratitude is allowing Harry to teach him how to swim. It doesn't take too long because Harry's a great teacher, getting his arms under Zayn's back and helping him float. Mentioning all the proper terminology for all the types of swimming techniques that Harry wants him to learn, which Zayn gets a grip on the basics. Harry is just the best for Zayn, especially when he's rewarding Zayn's new knowledge by palming him beneath the water. But Zayn puts that on hold, joking, "Water's bout to get saltier if we keep this up."

 

They're famished from the two hour dip in the ocean so they grab their towels, throwing everything in Harry's shoulder beach bag. Harry puts on his massive, ugly summer fedora plus his bumblebee shades and Zayn reaches for his hand, still some bead of water dripping down their shirtless torsos from their damp hair. Floppy flip flops patter on the wooden deck as they look for something good on the crowded pier.

 

Harry settles for a tuna sandwich while Zayn gets a teriyaki bowl with extra veggies. Zayn admires the way Harry eats in petite bites in public but knows Harry could finish his meal fast when nobody is around. To get Harry comfortable, he scarfs down a whole spoonful of chicken and broccoli just to prove to Harry that here's nothing wrong with a big appetite. He's sure Harry's convinced by the way Harry takes larger bites of his tuna sub. 

 

Zayn tells Harry his biggest life goal, to either be an artist or run a pet sitting daycare. Harry mentions that Zayn should keep thriving for both and he never wants Zayn to give up on it. That's how Zayn knows he's falling hard for Harry. 

 

Pink and purple fill the air, with just a trace or orange remaining by the time Zayn wins Harry a white bear plushy. He wins it by playing a tough game ─ eight rounds ─ of ring toss, getting them to engulf around vintage glass soda bottles. "Going right on my nightstand." Harry coos, snuggling it against his cheek with a dainty facial expression.

 

They skip out on the rides because they didn't buy tickets during the beginning, besides, Zayn confesses that he's scared of heights. Which, Harry insist that it's the second thing he'll stand by with Zayn until he isn't afraid anymore. 

 

Zayn kisses him goodnight on his porch, petting at Peony before getting back into his car and sighing contently because this is the happiest he's been in a long while, all because of a silly kitty playdate three weeks ago.

 

x

 

Harry's moans are literal music to his ears. Despite his everyday deep voice, he really knows how to get it to a higher pitch when he's needy. It's like, well, Zayn can't explain this whimsical sound but he feels his cock thicken every time he presses a kiss beneath Harry's jaw, the spot that gets Harry releasing the pretty, high whimper. 

 

It doesn't last long enough because there's a different sound drowning Harry's, somewhere in the direction of his kitchen. He's stopping the kisses and his grinding hips to get a good listen, making Harry roam his hands down Zayn's sides, whispering, "What's that sound?"

 

"Sounds like Venus." Zayn sighs, rolling off Harry to catch his breath for a few seconds before sitting up and getting off his bed. He adjusts his jeans whilst inching closer towards the kitchen where he sees Venus laying on her side, releasing whiny sounds that don't please Zayn. 

 

Zayn kneels down to rub Venus' stomach, his knuckles trailing to her paws and head, "You okay, V?" He picks her up and becomes aware of how she's whining more than before. 

 

"Harry?" Zayn calls out but Harry's already right behind him asking what's wrong. "We should go to the