of this carriage for ages.”



 Oikawa chuckled, opening the carriage door and gesturing. “Go on, then.”



 Hinata leapt out, stretching his limbs. “Ohhhh, yeah. That feels great.”



 Yachi jumped down, almost tripping over herself. “The carriage was so nice. I can’t remember the last time I was in one.”


 Iwaizumi helped Oikawa off, taking his hand and leading him down the steps. “Hand me your cloak,” he said gruffly. “I don’t want you dragging it over the dirty ground.”


 “So thoughtful, Iwa-chan,” the king said, unclasping it and handing it over.



 “Hardly. Washing this thing is a bigger pain in the ass than you are.”


 


 The gate watcher leapt to his feet as they group approached. “Your Highness, why aren’t you in your carriage?”



 “There was a small issue with the horses,” Oikawa said with a cheerful smile. “We can send someone to fetch them later. Could you open the gates for us, Watari?”



 “Yes, of course.”



  The towering wrought iron gates screeched as they opened to reveal the Aoba Johsai Palace. Hinata inhaled, drinking it all in. The towers and spires of the palace could be seen by everyone from miles around, but the main building hidden behind the gates was a mystery to most of the public. Everyone knew the rumors though. The palace had been described as a mountain of limestone and marble, every inch delicately carved with curlicues and designs. A monstrosity of gold and silver reaped from an endless list of conquered countries. The descriptions hadn’t been exaggerating.



 “Welcome home, Shouyo,” Oikawa said warmly, resting a hand on Hinata’s shoulder. With his other arm, he gestured to the castle’s entirety. “This is the pinnacle fortress of Aoba Johsai. A landmark that has existed for the better part of six hundred years. My family has lived in this castle for generations.” His eyes flickered to Hinata. “Our family. Stories of attacks, defenses, and truces we still tell to this day had been planned inside.”



 “It’s big,” Hinata managed, cringing at how underweighted the statement was. “And really nicely decorated, I’ll give you that.”



 As they walked up the steps, the massive arching doors of mahogany swung open. Two men decked in black stood in the large entryway



 “Welcome back, king,” said the one with grapefruit-colored hair on the left. His eyes flickered down to Hinata. “Is this Prince Natsu?”



 “No,” Oikawa said. “This is Hinata Shouyo. He can change his name back to Natsu if he feels like it. Shouyo, Yachi, this is Hanamaki and Matsukawa. These two are my retainers.”



 The man with curly hair dipped his head in a lazy greeting.



 “Is dinner ready?” Iwaizumi asked as they walked through the foyer.



 “Yaku’s been busting his balls over it for the last few hours,” Hanamaki said. “If it’s not, then I’ll dye my hair another color.”



 “You should.”



 “Piss off, Iwaizumi, pink’s my thing.”



 Hanamaki chattered incessantly, letting Hinata stare in wonder at everything around him without worrying about awkward silences. The intricate tapestries on the walls were like paintings. Sunlight passed through the stained glass windows, dying the corridor blue and green. The ceiling was so high, Hanamaki’s voice echoed. Hinata was surrounded by luxury that he’d never even imagined before.



 “Everyone’s inside already,” Hanamaki said, finishing off a ramble about cream puff dough consistency. He pushed the doors open.



 Bang!



 Yachi screamed at the sound. Multicolored confetti fluttered down from the ceiling.



 “Welcome home, Natsu!” three people yelled.



 Hinata reached up to pick pieces of paper out of his hair, speechless. 



 “I told you he wouldn’t like it,” Prince Tsukishima said, breaking the silence.



 Yamaguchi laughed. “It was a nice idea though.”



 Oikawa plunked himself at the head of the table. His retainers stood behind him, backs straight and chests puffed out. “Where do the prince and his friend sit, Yaku?”



 “We’ve prepared a seat for Prince Natsu and the young lady across from you, Your Highness,” Yaku said through gritted teeth, pulling out two seats from the table. “Next time, please inform us if we’re to expect an additional guest.”



 “I’m pretty sure I included it in the message.”



 Kuroo sneered. “I omitted that. Kind of wanted to see Yaku flip out.”



 Yaku shot him a dirty look.



 “Shouyo, Yachi, sit, sit. We have a lot of introductions to get through.” He gestured to the blonde boy sitting at his right. “This is Tsukishima. He’s your age, Shouyo.”



 “Nice to make your acquaintance,” Tsukishima said monotonously.



 Oikawa cocked his head to the side. “Are you sure you don’t want to say anything else?”



 Tsukishima pointed to the boy beside him. “This is