the last M had set him up for death. Just one more dead agent who they all thought they were faster and better than. 

"A bit strange coming back from the dead isn't it?" a voice said behind him and that was impossible. That was someone who had been dead for...no. No, because Paul wouldn't have left him to rot if he had been around. Not one of his trainees.

"Now I'm sure I'm dead."  He cocked an eyebrow, halfway turning around. It was hard to feel jovial standing there in the seat of his betrayal, but Christ. His mentor. "How have they not forcibly retired you?"

Paul was showing signs of having experienced a very rough time but his eyes were piercing blue. "They like to wheel me out on occasion as a shining example or a horrible warning." He smiled a bit, that quirk of a smile that his trainees would have sold their souls to get aimed at them. "Heard you came back in, you think I could stay away?"

He exhaled, and turned back toward the wall, looking for the place where he'd seen Paul's brick once upon a time. "So, do they just buff your name out and then etch it back in, or is it caulking they peel off when you die?" So fucking loyal. More loyal than Seb was, but they'd left him to put himself back together. Abandoned him, all of them. 00s didn't have friends when they were marked off for disposal.

"They get royally pissed off when they come back from the dead," Paul said. "Means getting a new marble facia or hoping like hell someone dies with a similar name." Paul shrugged a little lopsidedly. "Guess why I'm here?"

His chest hurt, trying to think of answers and pushing them back down. He wanted to push Paul down that delicately curved flight of stairs behind him, wanted to make him tell him what the *fuck* he'd done to deserve what had happened to him. If anyone even fucking knew more than that he'd gone rouge. 

Seb kept his hands in his pockets instead, and tipped his head down, tongue stuck behind his molars for a moment in thought. "Mmmh. To put a bullet in my head?"

"If I was meant to that aside from telling them to fuck off, you wouldn't see it coming. Nah, I'm your leash. Or you're mine. I'm not sure. Not exactly considered fit for active duty, haven't been since they found me." Paul shifted. "They reckon I can make you talk. I pointed out I trained you, I can't make you talk about shit. No one can make you talk. But I guess I might understand a bit more than the suits."

His tongue caught at the edge of the prosthetic in his mouth, and he toyed with it, watching Paul. He'd used to do that with his cyanide tooth, back in the day, never expecting it to fail him. It was a stupid nervous habit to have, self-soothing, all of that psych pattern shit they liked to dump on him. A hundred tells that made him a shitty agent. Holmes had none of them, from his years of watching the man. 

"What happened to you?" Easier than talking about himself.

"Something a bit similar to what happened to you I think," Paul said. "Let’s get some shitty coffee and do a mutual debrief. I'll borrow an office."

He gave a rough laugh, hands clenched into fists. "What, was there a rash of offing us?"

"Mmm. A certain style of not fitting," he replied. "In those days, there were a few...personality conflicts.  We weren't the only ones. After us, remember Anton? Beresford and Wright? Similar thing. Impossible mission, killed in action. How fucking sad, what a shame, just another brick in the memorial wall.”

Christ. Seb edged in closer to Paul, and gestured to the stairs with a jerk of his head. He knew what his damage was, extensive as it was, knew that broken bones never healed right and prosthetic pieces and bone replacements would eventually become untenable. That everything ground together at calcified edges and he had to push through stiffness and pain. He felt liquid after the night at Watson's, positively relaxed, and that bought him cover. "My cyanide tooth didn't kill me."

"They got mine out when I was unconscious," he said. "Bastards. This way… it really is shitty coffee."

"Not surprising. We could go out, come back. They didn't seem to mind that I disappeared last night." He wanted a nice coffee, a doppio of espresso that he could savour. With MI6 closing in on them and tightening the noose, he'd spent more and more time on the run, and the creature comforts he liked had slipped