. ”Me ‘n John went on a couple of hunts together. It must have been, what Dean? Fifteen years ago?”

So round about the time when Sam was in Stanford, no wonder he doesn’t remember meeting this Burt character. Though he does wonder why Dean’s never mentioned him.

”Thereabout.” Dean mutters and puts his hands in the pockets on his jacket. ”So what’s all this hubbub about you not being able to kill a little snake, Burt? You growing weak?”

”Dean, don’t be rude.” Mom exclaims but Burt just kind of stares at Dean, meeting his challenging stare with an oddly mocking grin.

Mom proceeds with excusing Dean’s behavior but Sam knows his brother better than that. Sure, Dean can be abrasive if he’s in that mood but something’s wrong here and Sam can only hope it won’t affect how they work together on this hunt.

”We should discuss this in my room.” Burt says and gestures to the inn behind him. ”You should get one quick too, apparently there’s some conference or some shit in town.”

Sam sighs because of course there is a conference when there’s a venomous snake nest brewing in the National Forest just beside the town.

 

 

They only manage to get one room because of the conference but Sam thinks that’s fine, doesn’t understand why Dean turns all huffy when he offers himself to stay with Burt.

”You ain’t sleeping in his room, Sammy.” Dean hisses on their way over to their room. Sam only frowns but mom looks irritated.

”What’s up with you, Dean?” she asks with a frown. ”We’re here to work together.”

”Doesn’t mean we have to bunk with the man.”

”Of course not, Dean.” Sam says amiably, having heard that tone many times before. ”But there’s only two beds in the rooms, we’re one short and Burt’s got one extra. See where I’m going?”

”There’s a couch in our room, I asked and the receptionist said there was.”

Sam frowns but it’s more in confusion than irritation. ”Are you suggesting I sleep on a couch when there’s a bed just a few doors down?”

Dean throws up his hands. ”I’ll sleep on the couch. So long as we’re together.” He stomps off to the Impala, presumably to get the duffle bags and Sam is left with mom.

”He’s really stubborn.” Mom comments and Sam sighs before starting walking again. ”I think he gets that from me.”

”Look, mom…” Sam doesn’t know what to say. It’s at moments like these that he’s painfully aware of the fact that the woman he calls ‘mom’ doesn’t really know either of them. Anyone who knows Dean can clearly see that he’s upset over something and not just being a control freak ass. ”I think he just wants the family together as much as he can. Dean is very protective and a lot of stuff has happened, right? We almost died last week and he couldn’t do anything about that, usually things like that take him some time to get over.”

Mom nods slowly and seems to accept that explanation. And while it’s a good explanation, and highly plausible, Sam doesn’t believe a word he just said.

 

*****

 

Several hours later it’s painfully clear to Sam that Dean hates Burt and that this is not going to work out. What’s worse is that Burt seems to know that Dean doesn’t like him and he seems to thrive on it. He makes kind of jerk comments that set Dean off and sure, Sam doesn’t know what or if something has happened in the past but he can definitely see why Burt is unlikable in general. He can’t wait to get this hunt over with and then hopefully never see Burt again.

Thankfully they work through their information swiftly and it turns out that the British Men of Letters has basically done everything for them. The only reason why the three of them have been called in is because the nest is so massive and the Basilisks tend to get angry when sprayed with weasel odor, which, fair enough.

What makes Sam irritated isn’t that Burt has already gotten the spray from the Men of Letters because that actually makes their job easier. How they would have extracted that odor was beyond Sam but now he doesn’t have to worry and that’s nice. What does irritate him is how Burt makes fun of Dean for not knowing or understanding how or where the odor came from.

Mom said she had warned Burt not to mention the British Men of Letters to Dean and fair enough, he doesn’t. But he’s still an ass about Dean’s ignorance and Sam can tell that it’s getting to his big brother and he doesn’t like Dean looking dejected like this because Dean isn’t stupid