touch otherwise, and she might have had the nerve to walk on the grass despite the clearly posted signs stating that you should not walk on the grass, but it did rain.

Maya could make a lot of things unpredictable and surprising, but she couldn't change the weather. So when it started to rain, Franziska couldn't help but smirk at Maya's shocked, "I can't believe it! It was sunny just a few seconds ago!" and then pointedly open her umbrella, a silent I told you so.

She didn't expect Maya to immediately rush under her umbrella, far too close for comfort, continuing to complain about how the weather was being cruel. Franziska rolled her eyes again, after she calmed down her fluttering heart at being touched so suddenly by someone she didn't expect. How Maya continued to surprise her with everything she did, she didn't know. She also wasn't sure why she smiled when Maya suggested that they go jump in puddles. Of course they weren't going to jump in puddles, that was foolish. Something children did, and Franziska was not a child.

Maya broke away from her side, running out into the rain and kicking off her sandals on the way, picking them up to hold them in one hand as she jumped into a puddle with all her strength. Franziska shyed away, well aware of how leather did not do well when wet, and Maya laughed with a sheer, pure joy that Franziska couldn't remember hearing before.

She jumped up and down a bit more, giggling and laughing, and the rain caused her acolyte outfit to cling to her more than it usually did, and Franziska was faced with the puzzling problem of what was very clearly a woman doing something that Franziska hadn't even done when she was five.

Maya laughed, seemingly ecstatic at the apparent pleasure caused by jumping in standing pools of water, and waved to Franziska again. "Are you sure you don't want to try it? It's fun!"

"No, thank you." Franziska sniffed and turned to look at something else, not sure why her heart hadn't calmed down yet. Maybe she was cold. She was sure that Maya had to be.

She felt something tug at her side, and then saw Maya dancing back with her whip in her hands. "C'mon Franziska, lighten up!"

"G-give me that!"

She reached out for it, but Maya was swiftly out of range, jumping over the little chains that marked the grass as off-limits and stuck her tongue out at her. "C'mon, Franziska, it won't kill you!"

No, but it'd certainly make her uncomfortable enough. Franziska tried to keep a hand on her umbrella, chase after Maya through the wet grass, and try not to twist her ankle in her boots at the same time. It did not go well. The umbrella was slowing her down, and with her hands free she might have some better luck. Also whoever invented high heels should die.

Maya was laughing and singing some song from that infantile show her little brother watched occasionally, and Franziska decided that the element of surprise would be her key to success. She dropped the umbrella and lunged out as Maya darted past, and finally managed to catch her. In the process, however, they overbalanced and fell with a squelch on the wet grass.

Franziska couldn't hide her groan of disappointment. The mud was going to be murder to get out of her white sleeves, and then Maya giggled and kissed her quickly on the mouth.

It was fast and completely out of nowhere, as far as she could tell, and Franziska's eyes widened in shock and surprise. She had nothing to say to that, and Maya just looked at her, still happy and pleased with just the fact she was alive, apparently.

How one person could have such a love for life was beyond Franziska, and she looked down and tried to excuse herself, move off of Maya but Maya grabbed one sodden sleeve and tugged a bit, and Franziska looked up again. Maya still smiling, and her skin was pale from the cold, and there was a warm affection in her eyes, honest and complete and pure with no hesitation, no conditions, and that Franziska could not recall being directed towards her during her entire life.

Still struck dumb, and Maya kissed her quickly again, and said, "You really need to loosen up, Franziska. You're missing out on a lot of fun."

Franziska still could not think of anything to say, in the face of something that had been so foreign to her for so long.

"Uh." No, that was not adequate. Why did she let that out of her mouth?

"Uh oh." Maya's smile faltered, and Franziska followed her eyes. "Looks like your umbrella's getting away. That wasn't one of your favorites, right?"

Hopeful and smiling and mostly unconcerned, and Franziska watched it skitter away without any real reaction, still