sexy, but not now.

"I am well enough for you to proceed," Spock says, and, if it were any other time, and other place, Kirk would just about melt. It was like Spock was practically throwing himself in Kirk's arms and trying to seduce him! Not fair. Goddamned not fair.

"Can't," Kirk says apologetically, but, at least he won't let those hands go.

"My injuries are inconsequential," Spock says, but Kirk just shakes his head. "Even if they worsen, there will be insufficient time remaining for it to affect me adversely." Is that how a Vulcan begs?

Maybe they're bleeding together too much, because it sounds like Kirk's words are coming out of Spock's mouth, and, oddly, it frightens him a little. Does all his bravado really sound like that? Does he really have such little sense of self-preservation?

Or, worse: does Spock really think that he's everything people have said he is? Nothing but a handsome, well-spoken slut.

"Spock," he says, almost pleading. Their first time — their last time — and it's like this. No.

"It doesn't matter if it hurts," Spock says, closing his eyes.

"It does," Kirk shoots back, but he can't help but sigh, instead of being truly angry. He sprawls out, legs crossed, arms behind him, alongside Spock, almost like they were before. "How many times did you tell yourself that, huh, Spock? It doesn't matter if it hurts. 'Cuz I've told myself that so many times I can't count anymore."

Things go silent, awkward.

Things were going so well.

Kirk the screw-up. That's what he always was, until he found that ship. Found that crew. Found Bones. Spock. Uhura. Kirk can't do anything right. Kirk's so brilliant, but so goddamn stupid.

"This is fucked up," he says finally.

"Indeed."

It goes a bit quiet again.

Then, wonder of wonders, Spock speaks again. "Among Vulcans, the sexual act is not considered to be the apex of a relationship."

"Oh?" Kirk brightens up. Something kinky and Vulcan, awesome. Wait, Vulcans got kinky? It was probably something really out there.

Spock reaches a hand out towards Kirk's face, and Kirk sputters. "The memory thing?" he says, almost choking. No way. No way in Hell that old Spock had done something to him that was considered better than sex. No way.

Oh, crap, now Spock's giving him the eye — well, the eyebrow. Crap, crap, crap, did he just do the Vulcan equivalent of admitting he wasn't a virgin or something? (Ha. "Jim Kirk" and "virgin" in the same sentence, he would have thought, if there had just been more time.)

"A meld can affect memory, yes," Spock says, and Kirk's blood runs cold. No, literally. He is that scared of Spock's reaction. Spock is calm. And it is terrifying.

"It was you," he blurts out. "Old you, I mean. On Delta Vega. He…showed me things…" Kirk, captain of the USS Enterprise and all-around awesome guy, does not get tongue-tied like this. Then again, he's never been a situation where has to explain that he might have had alien sex with his lover's older self — man, some of the space soaps would pay gold for this kind of storyline. Imagine how many talk shows you could get on. Or how many kinky stories you could write.

"Ah," Spock murmurs.

"Is that…okay?" No, those words did not just come out of his mouth. Wasn't the world supposed to be over by now?

Spock wordlessly reaches his fingers out again, and Jim leans in, until they settle against his face. Spock has really long fingers, a little hard, calloused. Hot, like the rest of him.

He closes his eyes, and Spock speaks. "My mind to your mind…"

It's strange, Kirk thinks, because he's still looking at Spock, but also through Spock, and into Spock. It hurts his eyes and his brain, so he closes them.

The world disappears.

Well, that was anti-climatic. No boom, no bang? Kirk tries to shake his head, but he…he doesn't have a head. Well, he's supposed to have a head. As he thinks it, suddenly he's aware of himself again. Oh, good. Head, arms, legs — and, yup, all the important bits, too.

It takes him a moment to remember. Oh, right, the meld. They're not dead. But this isn't what it was like