i-i-it’s  okay now! Let’s go!”

                People stare as I pull him down the wooden steps and to a tree away from the crowd. Once we’re well and truly alone, I pull of my glove and, ignoring the bite of the cold winter wind, press my hand to his forehead.

                “Crap, you’re burning up! Or wait, are you always this hot?”

                “No, it’s your fingers that are freezing over.” He impatiently yanks my glove back on for me, rubbing my hands a little to get the blood flowing again. “If you’re wondering why I went along with it… Well, if my king has bent his precious knees, as your subordinate it’s only natural that I do too.”

                “Huh? But you don’t always do what I do, more often than not, you--”

                “That’s because sometimes you do stupid things,” he interrupts, trying to keep his voice level. “And besides, I thought… Well… This isn’t Shin Makoku, or even the same world, is it?”

                “No, but…”

                “And over here, you’re not the Maou, I’m not your minister, and gods don’t hate the Mazoku.” He breathes into his hands, his gaze cast low and the fog hiding his expression. “So for now, I’m just your fiancé. And as your fiancé, I don’t see what’s wrong with doing what everyone else is doing. What you’ve always done.”

                “Wolf…” I know what he’s trying to say. That no matter what happens, or what has happened, where or who we are, whether I’m Maou or not—regardless of all that, he’s still gonna be my fiancé. Now I’m not sure if I’m touched or just impressed by his stubbornness, but I do know that something feels warm and fuzzy in my chest, and that something is directly related to the hands that are holding mine.

                “Ah, wait!” I pull away from those hands to smack my forehead. “There’s one more thing we have to do!”

                “Huh…?” The third son blinks in confusion, and is still confused when he sees me picking out what probably looks like flat chopsticks to him.

                “They’re fortunes,” I say excitedly. “This shrine is known for being accurate, so you gotta take one too!”

                “If you want your fortune read, you can just ask Ulrike.” But he takes one anyway. “It’s a number… Does it mean something?”

                “Not yet,” I laugh, handing mine over to the priestess on duty. Normally I find their costumes fascinating, but this year I’m too occupied by the boy beside me to notice. I wonder what he’d look like in a miko’s uniform? I imagine the gold of his hair and the green of his eyes would clash with the bright red skirt, but then again I’ve yet to see him not look good in something.

                “So what did you get?”

                “Hmm?” That’s weird, he sounds almost nervous… but this is my fortune, not his. “Oh, hey! I can’t believe it, I finally got ‘good luck’!”

                “What, don’t tell me you never got it before?”

                “Hehe… I was always getting ‘neutral’…” And Dad always got ‘bad luck’. If I didn’t know better, I’d say the god here does have a vendetta against Mazoku, but then again Shouri disproves that by being the current household record holder of the most ‘good luck’s in a row. “‘Spring has finally come, treasure the flowers by the roadside’… Huh? Is this a lesson on loving the environment?”

                “Maybe it’s telling you to pick up gardening?” There’s an evident note of relief in Wolfram’s voice that I don’t understand. It’s just a fortune, right? I don’t think a slip of paper with the word ‘good luck’ written on it however nicely will stop me from screwing up as king, or butting my way into someone else’s business again this year.

                “Anyway, hand yours over so I can read it for you.”

                Compared to his anxiety just now, he hands his own fortune over to me with a nonchalant shrug. You’d think he should care more about his own—

                “Yuuri? Something wrong?”

                “I don’t believe it…”

                “What? What is it?”

                “I’ve never seen so many ‘very’s in a fortune before…” There are four. “And the word for ‘bad luck’ is written so powerfully you can practically see the anger and misfortune emanating from it…”

                Maybe I was wrong, and the resident god does hate full-blood Mazokus after all?

                “Ah, that’s all? Jeez, you should stop scaring me like