monsters driving in Papyrus' car and towards the lab.

"so, what were you saying just now?" Sans questioned, taking the potted plant with one arm and opening the door with his other. Flowey was still staring at the view, the sun just rising a little bit higher than thirty minutes ago. He only let out a sigh.

"...Nothing."

-----


Dark.



Darker.



Yet darker.



Sans looked up at the man he once called his father. There was nothing but emptiness. But there was no need for a lamp for the man who talks in hands to be clearly seen by the comedian.



"well, you look like shit." Sans spat.



"Same as you. But not physically, of course."



Sans looked away. As time slowly passed by, the feeling of fear, dread and anger was building up inside. But there was something else as well.



It was regret.



"i love how you make me feel like shit without telling me the reason for it." 



"..."



"...?"



Sans looked up, and widened his eyes when he saw gA-5t+#* melting. Even he himself was shocked.



"D-Dad?!" Sans was scared.



"S-Sans..."



"Sans...."


"SANS WAKE UP!"

"ngh!" Sans immediately sat up from his bed- no, scratch that, the leather couch he decided to nap on. He immediately took a nap the second he set Flowey on the coffee table. It took him a few minutes to register what happened before turning to Flowey with an annoyed look- immediately dropping it when he saw how scared and worried Flowey looked. Which was funny because he didn't have a soul.

"what's your problem?" Sans questioned.

"There was an explosion and you... you looked like you were struggling to breath immediately afterwards." Flowey explained. "I- I don't know what happened but you were mumbling and I got worried that you were having a nightmare!"

"... did you say explosion?"

Not giving the flower a chance to reply, Sans jumped out of the couch and ran towards the door, pulling it open only for him to feel like fainting. The town feels so empty. No monster or human in sight. Heck some of the houses seemed like they went through a tornado- but according to Flowey, it was only an explosion. Walking down the porch, Sans felt like he stepped something soft yet grainy. He stepped back and noticed the concrete pathway looking more... grey than usual. When Sans looked around, he realized that the grass, road, or anything really, is coated with a layer of grey dust. Sans didn't admit it right away, but he was scared. Sans pulled out his phone from his pocket and dialed Toriel's number.

But she didn't answer.

He tried calling anyone he know. Frisk, Papyrus, Asgore, Undyne, Alphys, Doggo.. But all of them didn't answer. It just went straight to voice mail.

Sans ran back inside, startlng Flowey who was already calming down from his worries with the skeleton. Sans went straight to the storage room, passing by Flowey without saying a single word.

"Uh... Mind filling me in?" Flowey questioned. Sans didn't say anything, and continued to search in the storage room for something.

"Hey, Smiley Trashbag!"

"...dust."

Flowey's petals drooped at the mention of that word.

"Pardon?"

"there was dust everywhere. i can't find a single monster or human in sight." Sans explained, finally pulling out a backpack from the storage room. It was a bit dusty, and the original color of blue was fading out due to being stuck in the storage room for over five months. It was Sans' bag, a gift from Asgore that he never used. It was normally used for hiking, so the bag has many compartments and is large. "i'm heading over to the lab to find the others. i'm scared that we might have an apocalypse, so just in case i'm bringin' some supplies."

"W-Wait, you serious?" Flowey was still registering the word dust he didn't listen half of the words Sans was saying at that moment. Sans only rolled his eyes and went to the fridge, grabbing anything that seemed worthy. Energy bars... A bottle of milk for some reason, and being a normal being, a bottle of water. He also grabbed some left-over butterscotch pie and neatly put it in a container, because it can possibly be the last time he will eat Toriel's pie.

Sans also got some other supplies that can last him a few weeks at least, enough time to find his family.

"hey flowey, can you extend your roots?"

Flowey was taken back by the question, but slowly nodded. "I mean- I don't do it often. Why?"

"i'm lazy to carry around a pot. you might want to wrap around my arm. i know you're strong enough, so..."

Flowey rolled his eyes at