was greeted by a falsely stern Liam.

"Not nice to torment poor Nialler, Zee," he said with an overly exaggerated pout, shaking his finger at him. Zayn put on an angry face and puffed up his chest, getting closer to him.

"Oh yeah?" he said, trying to seem all big, as if he were gearing for an actual fight. He got in his face, but of course, Liam started giggling. In that way where his eyes crinkled at the corners, and his whole face lit up, and, well, he looked adorable. "Come on, then. Come on."

Liam kept laughing, glancing at Zayn like he was the sun or something. And Zayn wasn't even thinking, but he just did it. He leaned forward and kissed him.

Before Liam could react he sprang away, laughing, going back to takle Niall back into the pile of pillows they'd built up on the floor. His heart was thundering in his chest, and it didn't help when he caught Louis' knowing smirk out of the corner of his eye. Liam went on as usual, as if nothing had happened, and went over to Louis to offer to help carry their now slumbering bandmate off to bed.

"Okay, Zaynie?" Zayn looked over at Niall, who was lying on the pillow mountain beside him, Zayn's arm over his chest. His bluer than blue eyes were staring right back, a hint of concern in their depths. He just nodded, he was fine.

Fine, but also two steps away from ripping his own hair out of his head strand by strand.

 

 

He thinks it was maybe because of all the shit going on in his life that he told Liam. He was already suffering, why not throw some more onto the pile, right? So he told him, the night before he went back home for his grandfather's funeral.

"It doesn't matter though," he said, teary eyed and his voice choked with tears. He turned to leave, turned to go before he could be told how he was a freak. Or even worse; before Liam could let him down easy.

"What? Of course it matters! Zayn!" Liam grabbed hold of his arm before he could completely slip out into the hall, pulling him back in and closing it, back against the only way Zayn could escape. "Will you listen to me? Please?"

His heart leapt into his throat, tears stinging his eyes as they forced their way onto his cheeks. If he were in the mood for humour he'd point out how this was like a scene out of some of those horrible romance movies he and Liam sometimes spent all night watching on the tour bus for no reason at all. But Zayn really wasn't in jovial spirits right now. He shook his head, moving the other boy out of his way and going out again, not daring to turn and look back. If only he were a stupid girl with big stupid hair and could dance... Then maybe he would have a chance with Liam. But since Zayn wasn't Danielle, he knew he never would. He knows now that this wasn't the case, but back then, it was the reason he left the boy he had just confessed his love to standing dumbfounded in his doorway, and didn't even say goodbye to him before getting on a plane the next morning.

 

 

Zayn realised that maybe he was wrong in his thoughts when he was coming back to the boys. He was on the phone with Louis, telling him he'd be back in maybe a few hours.

"How'd it all go?" asked Niall, making Zayn believe he was probably on speaker.

"Um, alright I guess." How were you supposed to explain how a funeral was?

"Did you say hi to your family for us?" That was Harry. He had to smile a little at that as he was walking through the terminals, trying to find his way to baggage claim. He had some security with him, but they were about as useful with navigating as he was.

"I did," he responded, taking a left at the C wing.

"Who's that?" someone said, and the smile on his face dropped as he heard the voice in the background of the call.

"It's Zayn," Niall called over to him, and for a second there was silence. Until Niall broke it. "Li?"

"Can I... Can I talk to him please?" Zayn couldn't understand why Liam sounded so off to him.

"Well yeah, that's what we're doing..." Louis mumbled.

"No, I... Alone? Please?" That was why; Liam was crying, or at least was going to start. Zayn could hear it in his voice, the way it quivered slightly in the middle of his words, the way he paused.

"Alright, Liam?" Harry asked worriedly.

"Fine, yeah I'm fine," he responded, and Zayn heard the door close in