were dead, consumed in the apocalyptic collapse of their entire world. The survivors were a shattered, traumatized remnant, their minds destabilised by the loss of their mental bonds. Who was Leonard to whine about a little physical pain?

And all those ships from the Battle of Vulcan… They were calling it a battle but it had been a slaughter. Peers, classmates, instructors, commanding officers… hundreds of people who Leonard had known or known of, who he had treated or studied with or joined for a meal or a drink. People he had laughed with, fought with, liked or respected or despised or ignored – all gone.

And fellow crew from the Enterprise... Even in that one place where so many had survived, not all had made it. The one place where Leonard could do something, still he had failed, still people had died under his hands on operating tables, in biobeds, in corridors.

Who the hell was he to live, uninjured, able to walk and talk and fuck, to think about his next assignment, to worry about his future career? What right did he have to exist when so many others had had their lives torn away, without warning, without hope of redress?Who was he to cry out at the pain when he was splayed across the lap of man who might never walk again, a man who lived for his command, a man who had once strode across galaxies and now wheeled himself around a living room?

Leonard bit hard into the cushion of the sofa to stop himself crying out, to try and damn up the despairing sobs that were clogging up his throat. The pain was spreading white-hot from his buttocks, down his legs, up his torso, piercing his heart. The pain was rushing through his body like a wild-fire, burning down all the defences he had tried to build up, all the careful self-justifications that let him keep on going. It consumed him until he finally felt himself floating on top of it, rising up in the face of the one unspeakable, undeniable truth.

He was delighted to be alive. Better men than him had died, better doctors, better officers, better human beings. But still, he loved his life, he didn’t want to lose it, he didn’t want to give it up. He wanted to guard it jealously, to live it, to use it, to celebrate it. Finally through the pain he felt desire rising, the unstoppable urge that drives humans to keep on procreating even as their world falls apart around them - the primitive, fundamental, inexorable urge to live and to love.

His cock was hard against Pike’s trousers, the tip leaking fluid into the fabric, his balls rubbing agonizingly against the rough weave. His sobs had mutated into panting, he was wriggling now not to get away from the paddle but to rub harder against Pike’s thin thighs. The paddling stopped. He lay, agonizingly tense, listening to Pike’s heavy breathing.

“Is that what you deserved, Cadet?”

“Yes, sir.”

“You accused me of wanting to ream you out. Is that what you deserve, Cadet?” There was a rough anger to Pike’s voice that set alarm bells ringing in Leonard’s mind. This might be doing it for him, but he wasn’t at all sure it was the right thing for Pike. But damn that. This was Pike’s dirty fantasy. Leonard wasn’t going to be chucked out into the street hard and wanting just because Pike was drowning in his own misery.

“I deserve what you say I deserve, sir.”

A long silence followed, then rustling behind him, something else being opened in the Admiral’s lap.

“Then spread your legs, Cadet, like a good little slut, and I’ll give you what you deserve.”

Leonard suppressed his own reservations and let himself sink into his sexual high. He spread his thighs, thrusting his reddened and throbbing arse even higher. His buttocks were deliberately pulled obscenely wide. A cool stream of air was blown directly onto the aching skin around his arsehole. He shivered at the thought of the Admiral clinically looking down onto his anus.

Then something slick and blunt was pushed against his hole. There was no teasing, no stretching in preparation. Just a thick rounded object pushed firmly and unrelentingly against the tight ring of muscle. It broke through, Leonard’s muscles protesting against the intrusion, clamping helplessly against the foreign object. Pike pushed it in hard and deep and then pulled it steadily all the way out, before shoving it back in brutally. The bastard was fucking him with the handle of the paddle.

Leonard swallowed down his indignation, focused simply on the rough push and pull of the handle, on the shivers of dirty delight that were threaded through the discomfort.

“You like that, Cadet? Your greedy little hole likes to be fucked, to be filled, to be used.”

Leonard shifted restlessly. Pike surely had something a little more sophisticated than this in his play-box. By this point in the game Leonard