but Harry didn't date younger girls. In fact more often then not he dated older women. Which was why this was so frustrating and confusing. The bell jingled, signalling another customer entering the bakery. The bakery was usually slow, quiet, it wasn't in the middle of the city or anything. The bakery was barely even getting by. But Harry loved the place, the smell of fresh baking bread. Decorating cakes with piping bags. It felt like home to Harry.Harry didn't even have to look up when the door slid shut softly, he knew it was Lou. Well he hoped to all the Gods he even knew of that it was the beautiful blue eyed girl. When he looked up he felt his heart pound embarrasingly faster because god she was so fit. He hoped she couldn't hear it. She didn't appear to. Just smiling in that slightly shy way she usually did, as if unsure of how Harry would react.Harry felt his face break into a grin, his eyes widening and lighting up and Lou relaxed, slinking closer to him."Hi." She greeted smiling at him."Hi." Harry replied, almost breathlessly. She giggled. Actually giggled. Oh god he was in shit."Good day?" She asked, tilting her head to the side."Better now." Harry replied, feeling a small blush on his cheeks. Lou's lips just stretched further, into a larger smile and Harry just wanted to kiss every bit of those lips, every curve and corner."How was your day?" Harry asked, trying to go for casual as he grabbed a small dish towel from a drawer at his hip and hopped over the counter effortlessly, feeling a bit smug at the way Lou's eyes widened, clearly impressed."It was okay." Lou replied, still watching as he stepped, now over the counter and closer to her, sweeping his dish towel across the already clean counter surface."Just okay?" Harry frowned. Lou deserved to feel more then okay. Perfext. Gorgeous. Because that's exactly what she was."I just don't understand how sex educational classes can be so... Well un educational." Lou replied, her back leaning against the counter now as she watched Harry work. Harry nearly choked onhis spit."What?" he asked, turning around to face her. She pushed her head back, laughing, a few tendrils of her silky caramel hair fluttering on the counter top."Come on. You must have noticed. I mean putting a condom on a banana? I'm sure that's nothing like doing the real thing." she seemed to blush at what her words indicated and Harry gaped at her."You're a- i mean- you - never?" harry stumbled over his words and Lou glanced away for a second."Never." she replied quietly. "I've never liked someone enough to. Well.. Except for this one guy." She added, and she turned, facing Harry again, pressed slightly closer to him in the small proximity of the bakery. Harry's eyes were drawn to her beautifully plump and pink lips."One guy?" He asked, his voice sounding strained even to his own ears. Lou eyed him slowly, her eyes drifting down the length of him then back up again, nodding at the same time."He's the sexiest guy i've ever seen. Beautiful eyes. Gorgeous hair. I'd let him do that, and so much more to me. I don't think he notices me though" She admitted, her voice a hot whisper, her war breath tickling his cheeks."He's an idiot. Want me to hit him?" Harry said automatically, his brain barely thinking. Lou laughed softly, her face leaning in closer to his once more, her eyes almost crossed as she kept Harry's own eyes in her vision."Hard for you to punch yourself." She whispered and then her hot lips were on his and she was panting desperately already, her mouth falling open, begging silently for Harry's tongue which swept across her bottom lip then slowly, and erotically danced with her tongue, both of them letting out a small sigh of relief. Lou felt Harry's tongue battling with hers, easily winning dominance and he was pushing her back against the counter and Lou just wanted more, more, more. She pressed her small frame to Harry's and almost gasped embarrassingly when she felt something hard poking her just near the belly button. Instead she found it so arousing she could feel her head spinning. She just nodded frantically against Harry's lips, wanting him to touch her somewhere. Anywhere. And Harry understood perfectly, his hands reaching down to her round bum and squeezing each cheek, letting out a small moan of approval. Lou didn't really know what to do but she didn't want to break away. In the end Harry did, both of them panting, hot breath against each other's faces, trying to gain oxygen."I can help you. I can help you. I'