freaking out if someone makes an unexpected movement in his presence?

 

"Bucky?"

 

"Hmm?"

 

"I'm sorry, am I boring you?" Steve noses at him gently, bringing him back to the present with a jolt.

 

"No, sorry." Bucky gives himself a mental shake, keeps up his stroking around Steve's hole and licks up his neck, which makes Steve give a pleased shudder. "Keep going, sweet thing."

 

"Can you...would you...inside me, please?"

 

"Yeah, sweetheart, I'll get you there," Bucky promises, pausing to give Steve's dick a brief squeeze before spreading his legs and sinking slowly into him.

 

"Unhhhhh," Steve whimpers, and Bucky holds him tight, gentling him through the stretch. They stay there, perfectly still, as Steve's panting breaths slow down as he gets used to the feeling of Bucky inside him, like they would do several lifetimes ago when Steve was little and vulnerable and needed time to catch his breath when they made love. His eyes are screwed shut, his forehead creased, and his mouth hanging pink and wet and open. Then Steve makes a tiny movement, just a little roll of his hips, and Bucky takes that as a sign that he's ready, so he encourages him in a slow, steady rhythm. Steve wraps himself around Bucky, his legs up around Bucky's hips and his arms around Bucky's neck, and they move languidly, tenderly, facing each other and joined from brows to chests to hips. Steve's cock is hard and sticky between them, and the friction is not quite as good as the touch of a hand, but it's close enough that Steve can definitely come from this if they keep it up.

 

"You wanna keep telling me, sweetheart?" Bucky asks him. Despite the gentle pace, they're both sweating, the combination of the sunshine on their bodies and the sure, inexorable build of sensation in all the places where their skin touches making the room almost unbearable hot. Steve smells so sweet, like honey, and Bucky feels drunk on it.

 

"Just let me...let me....oh God, Bucky, I need to come, please let me come, please."

 

"Don't need my permission to come, sugar. Did Thor make you ask?"

 

"He made me come so many times," Steve gasps, "I...I lost count, I lost time...when I came round he was there, still fucking me, and it was so good, Bucky..."

 

"I make you come the way he did?" Bucky demands, reaching up to grab a handful of Steve's hair, a little pain to temper all the pleasure he's pouring into Steve's body, and Steve whines and tips his head back, so Bucky can bite his neck and suck on his pulse point.

 

"Better, Buck, so much better," Steve wails, and Bucky can feel the vibrations of his voice under his tongue, against his teeth.

 

"I gotta hold myself back, darlin’, because right now I wanna make you forget about him, wanna pull out and get you on your front, grind those pretty flushed tits into the rug, remind you who you belong to, because you're mine, Stevie, you're all mine," Bucky growls in his ear, and the words are enough, Steve shatters apart in his arms and whimpers "yours, Bucky," and Bucky buries his face in Steve's sweaty hair while the clutch of Steve's body around him draws him blindingly over the edge.

 

---

 

Bucky groans when he realises he has a crick in his neck. He's heard Sam's speech about returning soldiers feeling uncomfortable with how soft beds are these days, and it's complete bullshit. Even though this rug is probably worth more than their old apartment was back in the thirties, it is not an acceptable substitute for a mattress.

 

"Why did we decide to fuck on the floor?" he asks Steve, grimacing when he realises that their skin is tacky with sweat and come. Ugh.

 

"Floor was closer than the bed." Steve seems blissfully unconcerned with how disgusting they are, and kisses Bucky's face enthusiastically, first all over his cheeks and forehead and finishing up with a kiss to the tip of his nose. Fucking dork.

 

"So how'd you finish things up in the gym?”

 

"Honestly, it was just like another workout. Felt good after, kind of tired, kind of sore, but the good kind."

 

"Did you fool around in the showers after too?"

 

Steve's blush is all the answer Bucky needs for that.

 

"I think that's how warriors behave in Asgard," he says. "Like something you do when you like a guy. Shows he’s your friend, shows him appreciate him.”

 

What’s wrong with just buying him a beer? Bucky thinks. That’s what I’d do. But then again, sex has always meant something different to Bucky,