or giving mutual blowjobs and while the cleanup would be much easier this was not what Nick wanted. He pulled away with a bit of trouble and shut off the shower.

Harry watches with furrowed brows and flushed cheeks. His body is on fire from the too hot shower and Nick points at the door. “Dry off and lay on the bed please.” He ordered and Harry nodded. He quickly stepped out of the shower and when the cold air hit his skin he felt a shiver go up his spine. He wrapped himself in a towel and scurried out to the bed. He laid back on the bed and let his towel fall from around his hips. His cock was lying thick and hard against his stomach, pre-come dripping onto his skin. He wrapped his fingers around his cock and let out a groan. 

Nick watched him as he climbed from his shower, turning the water off and not bothering with the towel. He walked with purpose and went to the bedside table that held the items for tonight. He grabbed the leather cock ring and climbed onto the bed and grinned down at Harry who was still jerking his cock, face contorted in pleasure. He removed Harry’s hand which earned him an unsatisfied groan and he pushed the cock ring onto the boy. Harry gasped in surprise and stared down at his cock in disbelief. He sputtered and reached to undo it and Nick slapped his hands away. “Ah ah ah,” He tutted as he circled Harry, a sly grin creeping up on his cheeks. “Don’t be a bad boy, I’ll have to tie you to the headboard and we wouldn’t want that would we?” He asked, voice dripping with a condescending tone. Harry moaned at his words and he made a mental note to save that information for a later date. He grabbed Harry’s wrists and pined them above his head as he slotted their lips together, kissing him with fever and need.

“It seems as though you have a problem with coming early,” Nick murmured, letting go of Harry’s wrists to lightly trace over his skin with his fingertips, only teasing. Harry shifted his hips from side to side in need but Nick ignored him. He had a purpose for tonight and he couldn’t have Harry ruining them by coming early. That would defeat the entire purpose of tonight. That’s why he needed the cock ring. Nick straddled Harry’s hips, letting his hard cock rest against Harry’s stomach right alongside his own cock, red with anger and need. He wrapped his fingers around Harry’s prick and jerked him slowly. “So I decided tonight that we would fight that problem with this.” He tapped a long slim finger against the rubber of the cock ring and smiled at Harry who was listening with great intent.

“I am not going to take this ring off of you until I think you’ve earned the right to come. Maybe it will only take five minutes, maybe an hour,” He dragged his fingertips against Harry’s abs and the tips of his finger nails skimmed right over his nipples. Harry moaned and arched his back, his nipples had always been a sensitive place for him. Nick laughed at Harry’s reaction and leaned down close to his face, their breath mingling, lips nearly touching and Harry’s green eyes searched Nick’s. “And maybe I won’t let you come at all.” His voice was low and rough. He rarely got it sound like this, only having it come out during his time with Harry and even then it was only a few times. “But you probably will come. You’ll just have to beg me enough.”

Harry’s eyes went wide at that, opening his mouth to protest. Nick used that opportunity to push two slender fingers into Harry’s mouth. Harry immediately wrapped his lips around Nick’s digits and sucked dutifully, obscene noises coming from his mouth as he swirled his tongue and hallowed his cheeks, as if Nick had given him his cock and not his fingers. He pulled his fingers out of Harry’s mouth, his cock stirring as he listened. He had to control himself though, if he lost control then Harry would get to come early and that was not what he had planned for. He wouldn’t have an opportunity like this with Harry for a long, long time. He had to make this one count.

He knelt in between Harry’s legs and pushed his knees apart, pressing them to his chest. Harry instantly brought his hands up to cup the backs of his knees, giving Nick plenty of room to lie between them. Nick smiled appreciatively and spread the younger boy’s cheeks. He admired the little pink ring of muscles and leaned forward, spitting onto his hole. Harry stifled his moan of approval as Nick’s tongue darted out and he felt Harry’s muscles contract at the contact. Nick was going to go crazy if every touch and lick was responded to like this. He gently pushed his tongue into Harry and slowly fucked the boy with his mouth.