help it. It's always too hot or too cold or bucketing down rain; every insect, reptile, and small mammal within a ten-kilometer radius wants to share my tent, if not my actual sleeping bag; and it's a toss-up which I hate more: being covered in grime or bathing in cold water."

Rodney's litany of negativity was oddly endearing; John was so screwed. "Remind me again what you're doing exploring primitive worlds in an entirely different galaxy?"

Rodney stared at him like he was insane. "Are you kidding? Experimenting with incredibly advanced technology, being the galaxy's leading expert on applied wormhole physics, living in the lost city of Atlantis. Duh."

Before John could make a suitably smart-alecky reply, Teyla returned with the Intu negotiators—three women and a man. "Doctor McKay, this is Eru," Teyla said, indicating a young, dark-haired woman wearing nothing but a knee-length turquoise sarong. "She will be your soca—your partner in coming to an agreement."

She'd explained Intu customs during the mission briefing. They would each be paired with an Intu partner; it was forbidden to speak directly to any of the other Intu—even other members of the negotiating team—until an agreement had been reached.

John's soca was Tasu, a girl in a fuchsia sarong who looked to be older than Eru, though not by much. If nothing else, the Intu were a colorful people, John thought, watching a middle-aged woman in green bow to Ford. Ford's grandparents had apparently raised him right, because he tugged his cap off and bowed in return.

"Tasu and Eru will remain here with you to complete negotiations," Teyla said. "Lieutenant Ford and I will go with Yenu and Kuri," she indicated the woman in green and a tall, well-muscled man in blue, "to examine the state of the Intu crops."

Once the others had moved off, Tasu made a quick gesture, and suddenly there were half a dozen Intu men and women surrounding them, placing bowls of fruits and vegetables (at least that's what John thought they were, odd shapes and colors aside) and cups of water in front of them.

John looked across the table at Tasu, who merely smiled at him. "For you to taste," she explained, "before we begin trade. After our negotiations are concluded, we will be pleased to demonstrate the fullness of our hospitality."

Under the table, Rodney's hand closed on John's knee and John looked sideways at him. Rodney nodded at the food in front of him and John could see the hint of worry in his eyes. Right. It was definitely a bad idea for Rodney to die of anaphylaxis from eating the weird alien food. Keeping in mind what Teyla had told them about the Intu needing visitors to be calm, John shifted so his shoulder was pressed lightly against Rodney's, trying to reassure with his touch.

To Tasu, he said, "Dr. McKay has food allergies that can kill him. I hope I won't offend you if I taste everything first, for his safety."

Tasu looked shocked, then said quickly, "Of course! We would not wish harm to come to any of you."

John gave her one of his megawatt smiles and picked up a pink, berry-like fruit from one of the bowls, acutely aware of Rodney's hand, warm on his thigh. It was nothing he couldn't ignore. Really.

The berry was sweet, with a slightly tart aftertaste that reminded John of a cross between a blackberry and a blueberry.  "Mmm. These would be good in pancakes." He watched out of the corner of his eye, feeling his heart rate pick up as Rodney took a handful of the berries and popped them into his mouth, licking the sweet, sticky juice off his fingers. John was pretty sure the twitch his dick gave was at least partly in response to Rodney's almost orgasmic expression.

He took a deep breath and started calculating the volume of the inside of a puddle jumper based on measurements estimated from memory. When he looked back over to Tasu, intending to take his cue from her on what to taste next, he was surprised to find her kissing Eru, one long-fingered hand gliding up Eru's arm and the other cupping Eru's jaw.

For a second he didn't know what to think. If this was something she'd thought was likely to happen, Teyla would have warned them, right? She'd been living in Atlantis long enough to have an idea of what Earth sexual customs were. Right?

Which meant that this was totally unexpected, and John hated unexpected; it was pretty much never a good thing. Taking a handful of berries, he ate them slowly, determined to pretend that nothing odd was going on. Beside him, Rodney seemed to be following his example.

"Major," Rodney said after a minute, pushing a bowl toward him, "would you mind