perfectly, accentuating everything from the curve of his ass to the pronounced outline of his hard cock as it strains against them. 

"Okay, I am just letting you know, I am officially done thinking with this head now," Dean mutters, pressing a finger to his temple. Cas just chuckles and reaches for the book again. 

"What was the name of the project to build atomic weapons?" Castiel questions, holding the book with one hand spread across the spine. He is leaning over the desk now, slightly bent over and propped up against the table with his elbows planted on the flat surface. When he flicks his eyes in Dean’s direction, he is surprised to see him already standing from his chair.

"Manhattan something. Can I fuck you now?" Dean grunts out bluntly, jaw clenching when Cas holds up his index finger to halt him in his tracks. 

Smiling as sweetly as ever, Castiel sets the book down and hooks his thumbs beneath the elastic of his underwear. He starts to usher them down at an agonizingly slow pace but his eyes stay fixated on Dean’s the entire time. He steps out of them and picks himself back up, his swollen cock pressed right up against his taut stomach and the skin there glistening with precome. 

"Fuck, baby…" Dean breaths, his voice laced with a mixture of awe and primal hunger. 

Castiel half smiles and grips at the edge of the desk behind him before hopping up onto it and silently beckoning Dean closer with his index and middle finger. Dean is stepping towards him not a second later, claiming Castiels mouth with vigor and forcing his tongue past his lips—the same lips that had been testing him just moments earlier. One hand finds the back of Cas’ head while the other is already groping up one of his milky thighs and towards his supple backside. 

The two of them smile and breathe deep when they part, only to dive back in for another taste. Their tongues slide against one another, heads tilting to the side for deeper access. Their muffled moans are only challenged by the concurrent sharp intakes of air through their noses. When they part again, Cas’ face is flushed and his incredibly blue eyes are ignited with lust. It becomes very clear very quickly that Dean is not the only one that’s been affected from the tortuously slow pace of their erotic history lesson.

"Nhn, Dean…want you. Want you in me," Cas practically whines, already dragging his fingernails down the length of his lover’s muscled back and leaving faint, red streaks behind. 

"Yeah, sweetheart?" Dean closes his mouth over Castiel’s Adam’s apple and sucks the spot in between words, "Want me to open you up first? Finger and eat that little ass?" Dean bites down hard enough to evoke a guttural moan from the brunette’s parted lips and apologetically soothes the spot with his tongue while Cas multiplies the streaks on his back. 

"Yes. F-Fuck yes," Castiel whispers, slowly withdrawing his hands from Dean’s body and gripping hard at the edge of the desk when he feels his hips being lifted off the surface. Dean practically folds him in half and grips at Cas’ thick thighs hard as he spreads them. He presses rough kisses into his inner thighs and trails his lips towards his balls. The mixture of tender, open-mouthed kisses and Dean’s scratchy stubble against his sensitive skin makes Cas shudder in the best of ways. 

Dean uses his strong forearms to keep Castiel’s lower body elevated and spreads the plump globes of his ass apart to reveal the pink, little rosebud between them. His green eyes flicker upwards to meet with Cas’ hooded blues just as his tongue darts out to flick over his tight entrance. They both moan simultaneously, Dean’s fingers gripping Cas’ cheeks a little tighter and holding them apart when he leans in again. At this point, it’s as much of a tease to him as it is to Cas. 

This time when Dean leans in, he wastes no time with petty, little licks. He buries his face between his firm cheeks and laps enthusiastically at Cas’ opening at a relentless pace, only pulling back to watch it tense and relax as Castiel practically sobs for more. He spits and dips his head between his thighs again, this time plunging his tongue past his tight ring incessantly. 

The sensations reduce Castiel to a whimpering, panting mess in no time. He still grips at the desk to keep himself in position but his knuckles are white from pressure and his legs are quivering as Dean fucks his tongue into him.

Dean pulls away and wipes his mouth on his clothed shoulder and gazes down at his handiwork, still gripping and spreading his cheeks widely. “Look at you, angel. All open and spread out for me,” Dean says huskily, pressing one thumb against his sloppy hole and watching as it sinks in easily. “Can’t wait to fuck that sloppy, little hole,” Dean grunts, pushing in another digit and letting out a breathy groan at how easily Cas accepts it. 

Castiel just writhes and smiles at Dean