in his hand. He was torn. Part of him wanted to rush home to his distraught little girl and part of him wanted to stay put. He felt bad for disappointing his daughter, but he was also angry his wife put him in this situation. The clicking sound of heels in the hallway outside his office allowed his anger to win and he put his mobile phone in his pocket. He deeply growled when he saw the young woman in a tight red skirt enter his office.

“Shuu…,” the woman quickly corrected herself, remembering how angry her lover got when she addressed him casually at work, “Tsukamoto-san? Are you ready?”

By the time he pulled his expensive sports car into the parking space in front of her townhouse, the one he happily helped her purchase; he had his right hand buried deep between her legs. He wickedly smiled at how aroused she was and silently cursed his wife. No matter how hard he tried, his wife never got this aroused by him. With his left hand, he slammed the car into park and turned off the car. He leaned over into the passenger seat and crushed his heated lips into hers.

“Shuuichi-kun! Not here, the neighbors will see,” she whined.

“See what? See how real fucking is done?” he growled and forced his fingers into her.

She did not have to reach between his legs to know he was hard. He was the only lover who could get an erection just by touching her. This turned her on and kept her giving into him, even though she knew he was not available. From the start, he was always upfront about being married with a young daughter. In fact, he never removed his wedding ring while they had sex. She bitterly chuckled at the memory of him losing his wedding ring inside her one night.

“Please?” she pleaded.

He pulled back and looked at her. On his face, she could see his anger and lust fighting for supremacy, so she reached between his legs. He immediately hopped out of the car, ran around to open her door, and closely followed her to her front door. When she paused to dig out her keys, he pressed up against her back, rubbing his now painful erection against her bottom. She quickly opened the front door and they practically fell into the entrance of the townhouse. He kicked the front door shut, grabbed her by the shoulders, spun her around, and slammed her back into the door.

“Shuuichi-kun!” she exclaimed.

Once again, he crushed his lips into hers, silencing any further protests. He roughly shoved his hand between her legs and in his excitement, pulled a bit too hard on her panties. He chuckled when he felt them give way. “I’ll buy you more,” he mumbled in her ear. For a brief moment, she felt the cool air on her shaved skin, then the rough fabric of his dress slacks and the sharp metal zipper. Disappointment filled her when she realized he did not bother to drop his dress slacks yet again, before entering her. She had spoken to him about this before and told him it made her feel cheap. As usual, he either failed to listen or did not care. As his excitement mounted, his thrusts grew more violent. She could feel the metal zipper rubbing against her lips. If she did not stop him soon, he would end up cutting her lips again, so she pushed him away. As he stumbled backwards, she thought she heard a “pop” sound when he fell out.

His eyes flared with anger, “Bitch! What was that for?”

Her eyes teared and she slapped him across the face before making a mad dash for her bedroom. He chased after her, his erection leading the charge. She slammed her bedroom door in his face, but when she heard his painful cry, she realized it was not his face. When she opened the door, she saw him on the floor in the fetal position, holding his crotch, writhing in pain.

“Bitch,” he groaned.

She considered kicking him for good measure, but thought better of the idea and continued to the kitchen. A few minutes later, she returned and handed him an ice pack wrapped in a towel. While he nursed his bruised manhood and hurt ego, she knew she was not going to get the “quiet Halloween dinner at a nice restaurant” he promised her earlier that week, so she began making dinner from the few items she had in her kitchen.

They ate the wonderful meal she lovingly prepared in relative silence. His manhood was back to normal and safely tucked away, but he was still very angry. She knew it, but she was not sure if it was because she pushed him away, slapped him, or bruised his manhood, although the last one was not really her fault. After dinner, she served the pumpkin cake she made for the holiday. They were in the middle of dessert when the first doorbell of the night rang. She started to rise to answer it, but he stood and stopped her.

“I’