search for perfection, it's a cult."

"You cling to anger because you are afraid to see the truth," the Queen said. "species 10026 is already adding to our perfection. You can feel their distinctiveness coursing through us, enhancing us. Stop resisting. Take pleasure in this."

"Pleasure?" Seven said with a bitter laugh. "Another petty pursuit you say you are above. The more I learn about you, the more repulsed I am by what the Borg are. My only solace is the hope that perhaps we weren't always this way. That the Collective was once a hive mind of like minded individuals wanting to understand the universe, instead of a bunch of genocidal hypocrites."

The Queen began looking around, as if she didn't hear what Seven was saying to her. Finally the frustration got to be too much.

"We've overlooked-" the Queen started to say, too distracted by whatever the Collective was telling her to see that Seven had picked up a long piece of metal that had been blasted off a wall during the battle, and brought it down with all her strength onto the Queen's head.

"Why do you even bother," Seven said, striking the Queen again, ignoring the sound of drones marching up the corridor from either side of the chamber. "asking me questions, asking me for my insights on humanity," she struck again, "if you will just ignore me and talk like you're reading from a script?" She brought the bar down once more. It took her a moment to realize that the Queen was not making any effort to defend herself. It took another moment for her to realize that the Queen was laughing.

"I see we still have some work to do, Seven of Nine," she said. "Go back to your alcove. I will adapt my techniques to your new personality, and we can start over. Eventually, you will give in. And when you do, you will be at my side when we finally assimilate Earth."

Seven of Nine dropped her makeshift weapon, and sighed.

"You are delusional," she said.

"You are not the first individual to say that to me," the Queen said. "But can it really be delusion, when the Borg have lasted for so long, and only gotten stronger? When have we ever truly been threatened?"

"Species 8472?" Seven said.

For once, the Queen seemed speechless. "Species 847- Right, I, we, had forgotten. Somehow. That, why did we seek to penetrate alternate realities when there is still so much in just this galaxy we do not yet know?" The Queen looked confused, and maybe even frightened though Seven was not entirely certain of that. Whatever the Queen felt though,

Seven had clearly touched a nerve. But she also raised a question with herself as well. Why had the Borg entered fluidic space? Why had the Borg only ever attempted time travel once? Why had they never sent more than one cube to the Alpha Quadrant at a time? So many mistakes, so many blunders, and nearly all of them within the past eight years, half an eye-blink compared to all the time the Borg had existed. Seven allowed herself a small grin. She finally understood that her unique perspective gave her the upper hand. Now all she needed to do was use it to escape.

"Captain?" the Doctor said.

Janeway looked up from the PADD she'd been reading, containing some of the personal journals of the Hansens. "Hmm?"

"I'd like to suggest some modifications to the com array," he said. "I've studied Seven's cranial schematics, and I've isolated the frequency of her interplexing beacon. When we catch up with the sphere, we might be able to send her a short message."

"And if she's already part of the hive mind by now?" Janeway said.

"Every drone has it's own translink signature, only Seven would be able to hear our message."

"Sounds good," Janeway said. "Get Joe to lend you a hand."

"Thank you Captain," the Doctor said.

While the two men worked near the rear of the Delta Flyer's cabin, Janeway continued reading the journals. Just a minute later, a quiet alarm noise went off, and Ensign Paris told her what it meant.

"I've got a fix on the sphere's location," he said. "It's in a region about two hundred light years from here."

"Red alert," Janeway said. "Bring the multi-adaptive shielding on-line. Set a course for those coordinates and prepare to disengage transwarp drive."

The Delta Flyer exited transwarp, far smoother than it had entered it.

"Holy crap look at the size of that thing," Tom said.

Janeway couldn't help but agree. The structure they were flying towards was definitely Borg, but unlike anything she had ever seen before. "Report," she said.

"I'm detecting thousands of integrated substructures," Tuvok said. "trillions