He couldn't bring himself to care about the blond's pain after a while. It was going to fade and be replaced by pleasure soon enough.

And soon enough it was. Cloud's whimpers escalated into moans of bliss; his small protests of pain now pleased cries threatening to break through Sephiroth's hand and alert anybody that happened to be near. The tight anus clenched around Sephiroth's dick, and Sephiroth himself had to bite his lip to keep quiet.

Cloud didn't know of his plans yet, but he was doing very, very well to please his God. Sephiroth felt himself hastily reaching his peak, but he held on. He thrust quickly now, making the blond's attempts at gripping the ground to keep steady near impossible. Cloud slid more and more forward, unable to keep himself still because of the erotic heat burning within him coupled with Sephiroth's frenzied movements.

Suddenly, Cloud bit down on Sephiroth's hand hard enough to draw blood as he ejaculated. Sephiroth nearly growled and changed tactic, this time pulling out to stroke himself to completion, releasing his semen onto Cloud's right butt cheek.

Cloud's arms gave out and, out of breath, he slid onto the dirt, paying no mind to the dust clinging to his sweat. Sephiroth panted silently, still recovering from his orgasm. He ruffled Cloud's hair, then stood up to collect himself.

First chance he got, he was going to see Cloud again. But for now, he was pleased with what he had gotten.

A tongue slid from Cloud's ear to his neck, then his collar was pulled back so his tormentor could latch on like a leech. Cloud grunted and arched his neck to move it away, unintentionally spurring the silver-haired man on. The blond shivered in disgust as a small whimper escaped from him.

This was the second time Sephiroth snatched Cloud away to do this to him. Well, it might have been fine to count it as the third, but the awfully realistic nightmare of Sephiroth touching him couldn't really be counted as the first time, in Cloud's opinion. It didn't really happen, like the second time did, where Sephiroth forced kisses onto Cloud.

Cloud had a feeling, though, that this one would be the worst.

He, Barret, Tifa, Aeris, Yuffie, and Red XIII had snuck past Rufus Shinra and his guards to board the Junon ship. Shockingly, Sephiroth had also been a stowaway, having killed almost all of the crew and muttering some strange things about how "the time was now." However, Sephiroth hadn't explained what he meant.

Neither had the monster known as Jenova. It had taken nearly all that they had to take it down. Nothing had been answered afterwards, either. Not even when the boat had docked. Not even when they had confronted Hojo.

Of all the places that Hojo could've gone to, laying back on a beach in the sun with three barely-clothed women was the last place Cloud would've thought him to be in. Well, really, it would never have crossed his mind at all to begin with, but that didn't matter; the apparently retired scientist had mumbled something about heading west. After preparing for the journey, Cloud and his friends had discovered that west was really the only way to go.

They'd set on with only interruption from the random monsters running about. Eventually, they had hit a cave which led outwards to a steep dirt path littered with small trees and thorny bushes.

Sephiroth had been waiting for them there, sword in hand with a corpse bleeding out behind him. Wasting no time, Aeris and Red XIII, the ones who accompanied Cloud while Tifa, Barret, and Yuffie grouped up together, had bolted after him. Sephiroth didn't run, but instead...glided? Cloud had almost been convinced that he was probably seeing things but followed anyways, stopping only when a hand clamped on around his neck, disarmed him, and pulled him next to a warm body.

Cloud didn't understand. How could there be two Sephiroths? Try as he might, though, his attacks were nowhere near as effective as his sword. The silver-haired man had pulled him away from the main trail, and that was where things changed.

In the present, Cloud felt his belt getting undone and quickly grabbed onto the offensive hand, trying desperately not to let the man touch him there again. He felt more than saw Sephiroth's smirk, and he kicked backward, managing to score a hit. However, the silver-haired man merely grunted and twisted Cloud's arm, threatening to break it. He cupped the blond's chin and bit down on his ear. Cloud grit his teeth, refusing to show weakness by making noise. He pushed at his tormentor's chest, stubbornly keeping his mouth shut when Sephiroth descended for another kiss. Cloud pounded a fist against the silver-haired man and tried to shake his head free when the fingers around his mouth used pressure to pop it