Naruto could be, he never really acted like someone his age. From the subtle proddings, Naruto didn't have much of a childhood. He was lonely and miserable as long he could remember. So had decided to take it upon himself to give his godson some happy memories to overshadow the bad ones.

"You know Naruto," Naruto looked from his dango and gave Jiraiya a questioning look. "The village is infamous for its lovely fireworks. How about we go get some barbaque and find a nice place to sit down and watch them?"

The blonde's eyes spared with excitement. "That sounds amazing! C'mon, we gotta hurry before all the good spots are taken." Naruto grabbed Jiraiya's hand and dragged him to the nearest barbaque vendor. They quickly got their food and found a nice place on a nearby hill. The teacher and student duo munched on their food, waiting for the fireworks to begin. Naruto couldn't help but think of all the things he hadn't expirienced when he was younger. A festival being one of them. It felt amazing to be able to enjoy one now. Or maybe it was because he was enjoying it with someone who cared about him. Naruto looked at Jiraiya out of the corner of his eye. At least, he thought Jiraiya cared about him.

The sound of fireworks bursting into the night sky ripped Naruto from his thoughts. The bright colors illuminated the sky, depicting many different animals, flowers, and a few famous people. 'I wish I could spend every Christmas Eve like this.' He thought happily. For the next couple hours, Naruto and Jiraiya watched the fireworks and relishing in each other's company.

"Hey kid, are you-" Jiraiya was cut off when he felt a weight against his arm. He looked in suprise at a sleeping Naruto leaning against his shoulder. Naruto looked younger and peaceful when he was sleeping. It sort of stunned Jiraiya. His mind drifted back to his earlier thoughts and a firm decision about Naruto's other Christmas gift. Jiraiya softly smiled when Naruto moved closer for more warmth.

"You're in for one hell of a suprise tomorrow. Just don't be too angry with me." With gentle hands, Jiraiya picked up Naruto, craddling him to his chest, and took him back to their room.

...

Sunlight poured through a frost coated window. Naruto shivered under his thick blankets and curled under them further. He peeked his head from underneath when a sweet scent made its way into his nostils. The blonde wiped his eyes and saw Jiraiya holding an omlette filled plate near him. Naruto gave Jiraiya a questioning look.

"Hhave some breakfast so you can open up your presents."

Naruto's ears perked up. "Presents?"

"Well it is Christmas." Jiraiya nonchalantly said.

The blonde hesitated. "But I didn't get you anything."

Jiraiya ruffled his hair. "You have until next year, so it's alright." He gave Naruto his plate and grabbed his own. "Let's just hurry up and eat so we can have some fun." The duo quickly ate their breakfast. Once they were finished, Jiraiya brought Naruto a few large and small boxes.

Naruto looked at Jiraiya in shock. "You didn't have to get all of this for me."

"Actually I did. You'll understand when I explain everything later." The sannin murmured. "Now open up your gifts."

The blonde gingerly took the lid off. He curiously pulled out a book that was titled, Fuuinjutsu for Begginers. "What's fuuinjutsu?"

"It's the art of making seals. From simple storage seals to the one that holds back the Kyuubi. Your parents were fuuinjutsu masters, like myself." Naruto's eyes brightened. "Yes I knew your parents, now leave it at that for now. I'll explains some things to you later, alright?" Naruto reluctantly agreed. He opened the next box and pulled out a copy of, 'The Tale of the Utterly Gutsy Ninja'. "Your parents got your name from that book. Your dad liked the book even though it did terribly. But he liked my writing and how I used personal encounters."

Blue eyes widened with shock. "You wrote this? But don't you write that disguesting porn!"

"Like I said before, it didn't do very well. So I took to writing something garunteed to make some money."

"Pervert." Naruto grumbled. He placed the novel on top of the fuuinjutsu book. "You're going to explain why you haven't told me about my parents or how you know them later, right?" His voice was surprisingly hesitant.

"I promise I will."

A nervous smile formed on his lips. "Alright." Naruto quickly tore through the rest of his gifts receiving: a new set of kunai and shuriken, scrolls on wind and water manipulation, better ninja clothes ("Orange isn't suitable for ninjas." Jiraiya told him.), casual clothes, and a new Gama-chan ("That green thing is ratty and money might