.  But I’m sorry it was taken away.  I’m sorry it happened like that.  I’m sorry you’re hurting.  I would give it back to you if I could.  The Stradivarius – it should have been for you, not me.”

There was  along moment of silence, then slowly, Reichhart’s stiff frame loosened the tiniest bit.  His arms carefully came around Tomás, his head rested against the younger man’s dark hair.  He held Tomás for a long time as he finally allowed himself to mourn for what he had lost.

Matthew Reichhart grieved the way he did so much else – in silence.

 

*****

 

The next few days were rather awkward.  Reichhart seemed wary, and self-conscious.  But as it became evident that Tomás intended to keep the promise he’d hastily mumbled that day – to tell no one what had happened – the older man began to relax.  He still seldom smiled, but his expression warmed when he spent time with his protégé. 

Little by little, Reichhart opened up to Tomás, speaking quietly of the disbelief and rage and anguish when he was diagnosed.  He spoke of the frustration and longing, of trying to come to terms with the loss but never quite succeeding.  He told Tomás about his family, of his strict parents’ refusal to see music as a legitimate path in life, of their bitter disappointment when he’d refused to become a doctor as they’d wished, and of their conclusion that the arthritis was a punishment from God for his choice.  Tomás listened, and hugged him often.

In turn, Tomás revealed his own quiet struggles with his life.  He told Reichhart – Matthew, now-  how he had spent his life thinking there must be something wrong with him, so different from the rest of his family and so inept at knowing how to connect with people.  He told him about Ramon, the little brother who had faced cancer so bravely and confidently – and still lost the battle in less than a year.  He played the music he wrote when they lost him, the Stradivarius giving the sorrowful song a richness and depth that brought tears to Tomás’ eyes even after all these years.

Matthew held him them, comforting his grief as Tomás had done for him.

 

*****

 

Matthew could tell that Tomás was in a bad mood – the music made that obvious, as always – but he waited until after Tomás was finished playing to ask.  They were side-by-side on the couch, with Tomás leaning against the older man and Matthew idly stroking the dark hair.  Matthew had found that Tomás was fond of physical affection (as much to Tomás’ surprise as his own), and Tomás found Matthew to be unexpectedly willing to indulge him.  “Now then, what is troubling that bright smile of yours?” Matthew asked gently.

Tomás fidgeted for a moment before mumbling, “I’m supposed to start a concert tour next year.”

“And you don’t want to?”

Silence, then a shake of the head. 

“Is it the traveling that worries you, or the performing?”

“Performing,” Tomás admitted.  “I don’t mind seeing new places.  But that’s not what I want to do.  It…doesn’t feel right to get up there and play in front of people.  However much I do it, I still hate that feeling.  It’s stupid, I know.”

“It’s not foolish at all,” Matthew said firmly.  “You have such passion for your music, you play with all your heart.  To get up and do that on stage must be like making love in front of an audience.”

Tomás smiled a little, the tension leaving him in a rush.  He should have known that Matthew would understand.  “It is like that,” he nodded.  “And….it’s like selling myself, too.  Putting myself on display, like an animal at the zoo.”

Matthew ran a hand through Tomás’ curls.  “Some people thrive in the limelight, and others wither in its glare.  You are too shy for that life.”

“But I don’t know any other,” he sighed.  “I can’t imagine doing anything with my life besides my music.  And sitting around playing to myself doesn’t pay the rent.”

Matthew looked thoughtful for a moment before offering, “But playing for me could.  If you wanted.”

Tomás looked incredulous.  “On the Stradivarius?  I should be paying you for that, not the other way around!”

The older man chuckled.  “It is not uncommon for a musician to have a patron who purchases a fine instrument for them to play in exchange for private concerts.  In your case, I already owned the Stradivarius, so it would be fair to offer you a paycheck for your performances.”

Tomás stared, stunned, trying to think what he should say.  This couldn’t be real, could it?  To earn his way simply by doing what he already loved more than anything in the world – that was surely an impossible dream.

Matthew patted his shoulder reassuringly.  “No need to answer