sighing, patting her back lightly. "I haven't seen you in forever!" 

  "It's been two days," I pointed out as she withdrew from the hug, placing her hands on each of my shoulders and scowling. She was in a sweater and jeans, her book bag overflowing with loose sheets of paper. "Do you have the essays?" 

  "All here and ready to go!" She pulled a pile of sheets in a plastic folder out. At least it was in a neat pile; silver linings. Hanji's attention was then directed to Eren, who was smiling softly and turned around in his chair. "Afternoon, Eren! Have you been taking care of your professor?" 

  "I think he's actually been taking better care of me, Professor Hanji," Eren laughed, standing up. "How did my science project fare?" 

  "I was very impressed, actually!" She pushed her glasses up her nose and smiled. "It was an interesting approach to the subject you chose." 

  "Wish I could speak like that about your French projects, Jaeger..." I growled under my breath and Eren smiled nervously. 

  "Oh, leave him alone!" Hanji ruffled my hair and I scowled up at her. "Well, how are things going anyway?" 

  "I've just had to stay here for a few days, it's nothing insane," I shrugged. "It's not like we've been fucking every night."

  I heard a cough as Eren suddenly choked on his food and Hanji burst out laughing. I glared at the both of them, balling my hands into fists. "Eren's reaction says otherwise, Levi!" Hanji cackled, hands on her stomach. I stood there confused as to how this was so funny as Eren silently went back to his dinner with his lips drawn in a thin line in an attempt not to laugh. 

  "Shut up, Shitty-Glasses," I glowered, looking up to Hanji in a half lidded glare. Until suddenly, something struck me. "You have the spare key to my place! I might be able to go home!" 

  Hanji paused, looking as though she was thinking, before shaking her head. "I lost that on a train into Stohess county one day. That's missing." 

  I exhaled; the one spare key I had was now missing. Fucking brilliant. "Why did you have it on you going to Stohess in the first place?"

  "It was the day you have it to me," she affirmed with a smile, and you could almost see the steam rising off me from how furious I was. I exhaled, calming myself down.

  "Oh my god, Glasses, you had one job," I grumbled, placing my hand to my forehead and then walking back over to the table to place the pile of essays on the surface. I sat down in my chair, taking another bite of my dinner. "Thanks for the papers anyway. I should probably get around to correcting these." 

  "I'll head off then, see you Levi and don't forget to study for my test Wednesday, Eren!" Hanji waved at the both of us, Eren waving back stiffly as the door slammed. 

  "Because it's not like we're fucking every night or anything," Eren joked and I slapped him in the arm, just making him laugh more. "It's a joke, chill out!" 

  "Shut up, now she thinks you probably had me tied to the headboard for the majority of the weekend," I snorted, hearing Eren burst out laughing. "Do you have a red pen I can borrow?" 

  "Yeah, sure," he David breathlessly, still giggling slightly before reaching into a pen pot behind him on a shelf and tossing me a red pen. I caught it without even having to look, and he raised his eyebrows, impressed. "Dang, professor. I'm jealous."

  "As you should be," I approved with a nod of my head, starting to correct Historia's paper. "Not a word of that conversation to anyone else, yeah?" 

  "Of course, of course," Eren smiled widely. "I can't believe she didn't point out your pre-heat scent though." 

  "Hanji and I have an agreement to never talk about anything regarding my heat," I responded, chewing on the end of the pen while I read through a paragraph. "She's a beta and she's a scientist, so she's fucking nosy. She wouldn't point out shit like that." 

  "Alright, if you say so," Eren smiled, continuing to eat, and leaving me in silence to correct. A few minutes passed of chewing and me mindlessly clicking my pen, until I got to Eren's paper and skimmed through it. 

  "Eren, what the fuck is this?" I admonished, holding up the stapled papers in my hand and looking at the man, who had his fork in his mouth and a frown on his face. "I've barely read it and there'