“Yeah. Sure I do, Carrots.” He said easily, but he slid the mirrored sunglasses off and hung them off the collar of his shirt so she could see his expression. She turned slowly, eyes wide, purple, lovely. 


“And?” She asked faintly.


“And.” Nick let out a breath. “What’s there to say?” His eyes met hers with frank affection. “We’re best friends. We’re always going to be best friends.” 





Just friends. He didn’t have to say it. It was there, heavy in the air. Slowly, Judy turned her eyes back to staring straight ahead. He noticed her glassy stare and knew pointing it out would only make things worse so he just kept smiling at her warmly. 


After a moment, she gave a sharp little nod and drew the key from the ignition. He caught her paw. 

 
“Hey, hey.” She struggled for a moment, halfheartedly, then relaxed. She still would not look up at him, eyes focused on his paws. 


“If you were a fox, if I were a bunny…” and he wasn’t able to finish because the expression she turned on him was so fierce, so full of something that scared him that he abruptly dropped her paw. 


She got out of the cruiser. By the time he’d recovered to follow, Clawhauser said she’d already dropped the keys and headed out. 


He figured she probably needed a day. He didn’t text and he didn’t call and he didn’t show up at her door. He watched a little Netfox, went to bed early. Had one of those nights and stayed awake too long watching infomercials. Came to work the next day and everything was fine. She’d smiled and met his eyes and they’d never talked about it. 


What was there to say?



He wanted kits. She wanted kittens. He was a fox, all fangs and claws, even if he hid them most of the time. She was so small and delicate- she smelled (beautiful wrong wrong beautiful) different. They were so good together- best friends, partners. Pros. 


And about a month later he’d met Vanessa. Judy had smiled and teased him and helped him with a recipe for blueberry cake with cream frosting that she assured him cemented her own parents’ engagement many moons ago. And everything had gone swimmingly. 


And Nick is happy. He is happy at work and he is happy at home and he is happy all those times in between. Except for some nights.


Not every night.



And he lays awake and thinks about that face she made. Run it over in his mind, again and again. He’d seen her angry and he’d seen her disappointed and this came close, close but no cigar. What was it? 


And Vanessa loves him, he knows this. He is exactly the fox she always wanted, the fox of her dreams, she’d call him. 


But Judy wanted him, street fox and all. 


And Vanessa had never looked at him with a face so full of her frightening, earth shaking love that it kept him awake at night. 


And only sometimes-

Not every night-

He feels a little regret.






~~~

If you were a bunny, if I were a fox…
~~~




Judy likes Franklin. He’s a city bunny, someone she met through Gideon Gray when he opened his first city-side bakery. An actuary. She likes his thick rimmed glasses and the way he talks to her like he thinks she’s just as smart, maybe a little smarter than he is. Her parents are thrilled and everything is going beautifully. 


It’s just that occasionally, on the way back home from the station, she doesn’t go home. She takes her subway pass and she rides it to the end of the line and back before she goes home. She can’t explain why she does this. Franklin seems to buy that she’s just working late these nights and doesn’t press and it’s not like she’s doing anything bad, meeting with another buck or drinking or gambling. 


She’s just… not always ready to go home.



She doesn’t talk to anyone when she’s riding like this- won’t answer texts or phone calls, even from her parents, even from Nick. 
Not that Nick calls much- he’s busy. Engagements are a heck of a business. 


She assumes. She supposes she’ll know pretty soon- Franklin isn’t a backwards kind of bunny, he’d invited her to live with him six months in, when her lease was up. But he’s the marrying kind and Judy knows she is too. 


And she likes him. Loves him, even, as much as Judy can. Which is probably a lot. 


It’s just this thing with the subways.
She thinks about the same thing.
It’s not every time. Just sometimes.



Nick probably doesn’t even remember. He