't at all what Raleigh had ever thought a shrink would be like. For some strange reason, though, he seems like he actually gives a fuck, and maybe that's enough for Raleigh to trust him.

He looks at the doctor through his fingers. "I know all the advice. I know I need to try and let go and stop blaming myself and move on. I just... I don't think I can do it."

"So as long as you're reminded of Yancy, you'll be miserable?"

It's the first time he's heard anyone say his brother's name in years, and Raleigh's breath catches in his throat. "I don't know. I feel empty inside without him, even now. I don't think I'll ever feel anything else."

"Raleigh...." the doctor starts slowly, then his breath catches, and he moves, dropping to his knees beside Raleigh's couch and taking one hand in both of his in sudden familiarity. It feels too good to for Raleigh to pull away.

"Please listen to me for a moment," the doctor says urgently, fingers tightening on his. "Please just let me say this to you. Yancy forgives you, he doesn't blame you for what happened. He would never blame you for it. Standing next to you and piloting with you was the most beautiful thing in his life, and he's so proud of what a good man you are. He was so proud to be the one to drift with you and fight with you." His voice breaks on the words, but he pushes on. "Please know that Yancy would never, ever want this for you. He wouldn't want you to live with all this self loathing and all this pain. Yancy will always, always be with you in your heart and your memories anytime you need him. I promise you that. Any time you need him. You just need to accept that he's here for you. You just have to look for him. He loves you more than anything, Raleigh. Please remember that. Please believe me."

Part of him wants to pull away in anger, to lash out at this man for speaking for Yancy, for saying those things when he can't possibly know whether or not they're true. But the man on his knees in front of him is near tears, his gaze so earnest and vulnerable as he pleads with him that Raleigh can't bring himself to do it. He swallows down the sorrow that knots in his throat, closing his eyes for a moment to force back the tears that prick at them. "I wish I could believe that," he manages finally, coughing to try and clear the hoarseness from his voice. "I appreciate what you're trying to do, doctor, but my brother's dead. Neither you nor I know what he'd want or how he'd feel - "

"But what if he's not? Raleigh, listen to me. What do you actually remember about that fight? Really remember?"

It's easier to be angry than to let the doctor's words hurt him, and Raleigh yanks his hand from the man's grasp. "Don't ask me to relive my brother's death!"

"I'm not! Raleigh, please listen to me. You're sick. Your mind is playing tricks on you. Look at me, please. Don't you recognize me? Come on, kiddo. We're in the drift right now, together, like we've been so many times before. Can't you feel it? Nothing around you is real except for me!"

Raleigh jerks back, almost falling over the arm of the couch as he tries to get to his feet. "Stop! I don't fucking know what you're playing at - "

"I'm not playing at anything!" The man gets to his feet as well, though he keeps his distance, hands held up as if to soothe him. "I'm just telling you the truth."

Raleigh suddenly finds that the doctor looks strange, that can't quite make out his features, and he presses his palms to his eyes to try and rub away the shock of fear it sends through him. "Stop. Please stop."

"I can't, Rals. I need to get you out of here. I need you to remember - god, why don't you remember me? You're part of me, you know everything about me. You know know what happened between us after our first real fight with Yamarashi in LA, how hollow we felt without the drift - "

"Stop," Raleigh tries again, choking on his words, not moving his hands. He can't face this, can't listen to this, but despite his words the man continues.

"God, please remember - look at me, Raleigh, you know me! I kissed you