there. 

“and Hasook?”

“You’re jealous! I knew it!”

“No, I- er- no. Bo, I-“

Bo cut off the general’s stuttering with a kiss. Iroh let his guard down slowly, tasting the wine on the earthbender’s tongue.

“I liked him. But you know me. I like everyone.”

“Apparently,” the general said curtly, setting his mouth into a firm line.

“You look really cute when you’re jealous.”

Iroh’s bitter edge, though intimidating at times, now crumbled under the force of his silly grin. Bolin nudges him in the navel with a gentle knuckle, theatrically swooning when he lets himself smile fully. 

“Scratch that, you look cute all the TIME! How does that even happen?”

He stumbles to his feet, standing up straight at the foot of the bed and saluting.

“Reporting for duty, Captain General Handsome, sir!”

The general laughs, a sincere, un-self-conscious sound. He makes his way toward Bolin, pulling the younger man into a tight embrace, his skin soft and warm. The earthbender presses his lips to a sharp cheekbone, a silent request for a kiss. Iroh turns his head slightly, letting the barrage of kisses fall naturally onto his mouth. A sharp inhale follows the press of roaming hands, his groin and buttocks tingling as Bolin’s firm hands press against the backs of his thighs.

He can feel himself getting hard again, his mind filled with more thoughts of Bo and his past lovers. Hasook on his knees, his hair tangled in his teammate’s hand, his nose bumping against Bolin’s navel with each wanton surge. Hasook on his back, knees pressing on Bolin’s ribcage, fingers curling in the bedsheets. Hasook, digging his fingers into the flesh of the powerful man’s shoulders, moaning loudly into his back. Beyond the uncomfortable tang of voyeurism and red glimpses of envy, Iroh is horrified to find that he likes this.

He likes looking at Bolin in these racy situations, reducing his lovers to steaming puddles of joy, savoring his body with abandon. He likes imagining what it sounds like when he makes someone come, what it sounds like when Bo himself is paralyzed with pleasure, what it feels like to feel him climax between his lips.

“Well, Cadet. It looks like you’re in a prime position to teach me a thing or two.”

“Yes, it does, General…”

A little shiver bolts down Iroh’s spine at the sound of his rank spilling from Bolin’s lips, making him deliriously hard. With a firm hand, he strokes himself against the earthbender’s hip, hissing when the head of his cock makes contact with taut, warm skin.

“I’m waiting.”

=======================

“Oh man, looking at you when you’re like that is never gonna get old.”

Iroh is sprawled on the bed, spread-eagle, still drunk, flushed and fully at attention. He bears bright red bite marks on his neck and chest and thighs, where Bolin found it necessary to taste his territory. He lets his eyes travel upwards, salivating at the lean muscle of his calves and thighs, the soft hair on his legs and groin, the graceful, thick curve of his arousal, a tightly muscled stomach, wide chest and strong, beautiful arms. 

“Unfortunately, you’ve got homework.”

He yanks him back up onto his feet, quickly pushing him down to his knees, placing him eye-level with-

“Suck,” he commands with mock-bravado.

Immediately, Iroh stretched his lips around Bolin’s cock, tentative.

“Hollow out your cheeks. Harder.”

He complies, peering up at him over the landscape of his strong torso. Bolin grabs his hands, placing one of them at his hip and the other by his chin, weighing the soft flesh of his balls. Iroh can feel the resulting groan through his lips. He moans in response, triggering a feedback loop that leaves Bolin trembling.

“Iroh-” he struggles, “Iroh-“

The general starts an inquisitive humming sound in his chest, letting it rise like steam to his tongue.

“Oh, forget it,” Bolin grumbles breathlessly, cupping the back of Iroh’s head and thrusting into his mouth. His hips quiver beautifully, and the general digs his fingers into his fleshy hips. 

“Next lesson!” he blurts out, jerking himself out of the wet pull of Iroh’s mouth. His swollen lips curl into a smirk. The impish tinge doesn’t reach his eyes: there, Bolin only sees incredulous pride, and it melts his heart. The purposeful grip at the back of his neck turns gentle, a thumb stroking his hairline as he squats down to join him on the floor.

“That was amazing,” he whispers.

“Don’t you-” Iroh trails off, gesturing awkwardly in the vague direction of Bolin’s groin.

“Yeah,” he shrugs, smiling mischievously. “But there’s more than one way to make that happen.”

As