Your eyes were closed as you rested against the man. A pull in your chest made your eyes shoot open. Maybe there was some wolf in your veins after all.

Thanks for reading, hope you all liked it

Jesse fights to protect you

Here's the next part of this. Just know there is blood and werewolf violence in this, along with some gun violence. But I hope you all enjoy this part, there's only one more part of this then my third werewolf story will be out. Enjoy :)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

The final night of the gathering was just as bad as the night before. There were several times you had to pull over to pull an unconscious werewolf into your bed and drive them back to the camp. Sometimes they didn’t need help and growled at you, but a few were hurt so bad they began to turn back to being human.

You just got done driving two hurt wolves to that camp when you stopped for a lunch break. You hadn’t seen Jesse tonight you realized. You dropped him off earlier that morning and he took your hand and kissed it, he promised to see you later that night. Your dad seemed amused at your blushing face while you mom seemed bothered a werewolf would be interested in you. You went to bed that morning with a fuzzy feeling in your chest.

From your spot in the back of your truck you heard the familiar jingle of spurs. You turned and smiled at Jesse, he grinned at you.

“Thought you wouldn’t come see me tonight.” You teased as he sat next to you on the tail gate. You handed him a sandwich, he smiled at you.

“Sorry. My cousin called me. She’s pregnant.”

“Oh, that’s wonderful.”

“She’s excited. Her mate asked if I could go visit and help them move. They live far from town and the hospital, so they want to move somewhere closer to the hospital and the school for the baby or babies, he’s hoping for twins. My cousin is so excited.”

“That’s great for her Jesse. How is your family and pack taking it?”

“Well her parents want her to rejoin the pack, but the alpha doesn’t want to be threatened by her mate. He’s a bit intimidating. My cousin laughed and said her and Gabe would not be joining their pack, they’re making their own.”

“That’s great for them.” You smiled.

“I was wondering. If after tonight you want to continue this process, would you want to come and meet them? My cousin would no doubt be happy to meet you.”

“How far are they?”

“Other side of the country.”

“I’ll go with you Jesse.” You said taking his hand and smiling.

“That’s great. You’re going to love my cousin, she’s-” Jesse was cut off by a snarl.

You both looked up and saw the grey and red wolf from the other night. You got off your tailgate and brought your weapon to your shoulder. Jesse set his hat down and pulled off his serape and toed off his boots, you didn’t notice he was undressing.

“Get out of here you two.” You said aiming at them. They both barred their teeth at you and growled, you turned off the safety on your gun and got ready to fire.

The snapping of bones and tearing of skin made you jumped. You glanced to your left and saw Jesse was turning. He went from being six feet tall to just over eight feet. His coat was a dark brown and his eyes were dark, he barred his teeth at the two wolves and dropped down to all fours. He stood in front of you protectively. 

The two other wolves were smaller than him, but there were two of them and only one of him. You had seen one large werewolf fight off couple smaller ones once, but that wolf was one of the elders. You still remembered the way the blood stained his white coat and the pain in his blue eyes. Maybe Jesse could fight these two off, you would help him.When the grey wolf lunged at Jesse, the red one tried to get him from the side, you fired your rifle and got the red wolf in the chest, the bullet exited his shoulder. Then red wolf stumbled backwards from the shot and let out a howl of pain, other wolves in the area replied to him. Jesse was fighting with the grey wolf while the red one was now focused on you.

You quickly chambered another round and aimed at him. He was circling you slowly, his hurt shoulder was causing him to limp. You hoped it burned. Jesse and the grey wolf rolled between you both, Jesse was on the ground while the grey wolf was biting his forearm. Jesse was trying to get him off and was snapping at him. You shot the grey wolf in the side. He yelped and Jesse knocked him to the ground.

Jesse stood on his hind legs and