finger trail downward along the delectable cleft of her firm, heart-shaped ass, closing in on her opening, only to meet with unexpected resistance and a quiet, pained outcry when he attempts to breach her.

Another bark of laughter wrenches its way from his throat. “And not only that, you would let a murderer be your first! Splendid. Perhaps this will repay your debt, after all.”

Simon’s voice drops to a whisper as he moves to unfasten his belt, her skirt held up by the heavy chain remaining settled across her midriff. His words caress her ear like roughened silk when he breathes, “I won’t be gentle. I will use you for my pleasure, and then I will leave you here, tainted by me. Is this what you want?”

By now, she is shaking against him. Nevertheless, she nods, if a lot more hesitantly than before.

“SAY IT!” he thunders, his large hand landing on her bare ass with a resounding smack. She yelps in surprise, and now, her colleagues seem ready to move into action, but she stalls them with a gasped-out, “No! Stay where you are!”

Her eyes are wide when she looks back over her shoulder at him, the fear in them only serving to make more blood rush to his rapidly hardening cock; however, she accedes to his command.

“Yes. I want you to use me.”

He finishes opening his flies, pulling out his rigid length. “So be it, then. Face the wall and brace yourself.”

“Athena!” The call of her name comes from the Justice whelp, panicked when he sees their opponent beginning to nudge at his associate’s opening.

“Silence!” Simon hisses at him before leaning forward once more, muttering darkly into her hair, “I am not a small man; this will hurt. At least you may rest assured in the fact that it won’t last long.”

Her quivering inhale at his words is almost enough to bring his blood to the boiling point, and yet, she valiantly battles her terror at the imminent violation she herself invited so blatantly. Her knees scoot apart slightly, as if opening her legs further will aid her in taking him. At least, impossibly, she is wet enough for this, his whispered callousness apparently enough to have prepared her somewhat.

Simon sends a feral grin towards her colleagues as he pushes forward, roughly tearing her hymen and surging inside her as deep as he can go. She screams – how could she not at this sudden intrusion of an area of her body where no one has ever gone before? Still, he is mildly surprised to hear not only pain in her outcry.

Her sudden warm tightness enveloping him squeezes the air out of his lungs for a moment, and he grinds out, “There you are, Cykes-dono. Does it feel good to be fucked by your enemy?”

She cannot answer, she is too busy trying to catch her breath. When he pulls back, there is a smear of red on his cock, proof of her lost virginity on his body. It only makes him slam back into her harder, forcing another cry out of her.

“Ah… I hope you understand, as well, that I won’t pull out before I finish.”

Another hard thrust, another enticing, pain-ridden utterance.

“Ngh… I will defile you thoroughly. You deserve nothing less than my full attention, after all.”

Simon grasps her hips firmly, his fingers digging into her skin deep enough that he will leave bruises as he drives into her. He delights in her agonized gasps at his brutality, at his forcing himself upon muscles unused to giving to the gentle caresses of a lover, is driven wild by the way she never looks back as she writhes below him.

The chain of his shackles slides across her back between them with every motion, emitting a dull clinking sound, a funeral knell for him, a condemnation for her. His breath leaves him in harsh grunts as he approaches the end, a little death serving as harbinger for the true death soon to come.

“Just a little more,” he roughly pants next to her ear, “just a little more until this dead man has completely staked his claim on you…”

Then, she finally does it: She looks at him over her shoulder once more, and although there are tears streaming from her eyes, although her mouth is open in a continuous, silent outcry, there is something in her gaze that urges him to do it, to fall apart inside her, to fill her with his seed and make her his.

Simon has not come in months, and when his balls tighten in preparation for his orgasm, it is almost painful in the most blissful way imaginable. For a moment, he is suspended between agony and ecstasy, still moving in and out of her tight wetness as if compelled by an outside force, and then it hits. His groan, emerging from between gritted teeth, is low enough to almost resemble a growl as he finds an absolution from his tension deep inside her