the ring off but it doesn’t budge. “I thought I’d give it to you as a sort-of apology for being late, but it seems . . .” he tries again, the ring straining against his knuckle and he pushes out a breath of frustration. “Shit.”

 

His companion laughs at the sight and places her hand on top of his, soothing him. “It’s fine. The thought was nice.” Her expression quickly turns from gentle to alarmed as her eyes widen and she rips her hand away from his. “Ouch!”

 

Cradling her hand to her chest she glares at the ring on John’s finger in shock. “What the bloody hell?”

 

John, looking horrified stares down at his hand, the copper of the claddagh ring seeming for all the world as benign as when he’d first spotted it on the sill of the phone box. Across from him, he notices the singed crescent of reddened skin along his date’s palm and quickly grabs her hand. “Jesus! That’s a first-degree burn!”

 

Moving fast, he plucks two ice cubes from their drinking glasses, wraps them in the linen napkin collected from his lap and gently folds his companion’s fingers around the bundle, allowing the ice to cup her palm through the fabric so as to not burn the skin further. She winces at the sting but accepts the delicate care, smiling at John with gratitude.

 

“Thank you. I’m fine, really. It barely hurts.” She stares at his ring finger again. “It didn’t burn you?”

 

“No, I didn’t even feel it grow warm.”

 

Intrigued, she asks, “Has it done that before?”

 

With red rising along his neck, he looks away, feeling caught. “It felt warm in my hand the moment I touched it, which is probably why I took it. I shouldn’t have but it made me smile. . .  I’m so sorry. I really have no idea what’s going on.”

 

Her reaction to this speech is a pinched sort of smile and she looks away and down at the menu. John does the same, hoping to salvage some of the evening.

 

Their waiter appears at John’s elbow and John, still studying the menu asks him for his opinion on a special wine for the occasion. The man’s jaded tone doesn’t help John’s lowering hopes for the rest of the night, and hands the drinks menu back to the man without so much as a glance, telling him to surprise them.

 

What happens the very next moment will change John’s life forever. As the waiter’s hand wraps around the slim leather-bound cardboard sleeve, the two men’s hands meet in the middle. Long, elegant fingers brush against John’s warm, dry skin, and for a split second make contact with the claddagh ring. In that instant, John’s entire world shrinks down to the tiny pinprick of a moment, barreling towards a cacophony of memory and sensation.

 

Rocketing backward, John’s body flies out of his chair as every piece of glass in the dining room shatters into dust around them, and the windows explode outward into the street. He can hear people screaming and plates falling to the floor but for the life of him can not open his own eyes. Ahead of him, in the void of darkness beyond his eyelids he can see the glint of something small and warm flickering just out of reach. John wants to touch the warmth he sees on the edge of his blurred, blackened vision and reaches out with all his might to find connection to the small spark of light.

 

The world comes crashing back into the foreground a moment later but he is not in the middle of breaking glass and shattering china. Instead, he comes to under a table, draped in heavy linen, sealing out all sound and debris around him. He’s huddled into a tight ball, knees pulled close to his chest. He feels incredibly small and vulnerable in the claustrophobic space.

 

“My ring.”

 

The two words whiplash John back to the present, and he blinks, seeing a man before him for the first time, his limbs arranged in the same manner as John’s though with much longer legs and lankier arms, he has a harder time fitting underneath the small table. He has to stoop his dark head of curls downward, leaving his neck at an odd angle, all the while John barely has to duck. Everything about the man in front of John is an intriguing contradiction but it’s his eyes that capture John’s attention the most.

 

“Your eyes,” he says, too stunned to be embarrassed.  

 

“My ring.”

 

The eyes in question, ever-changing yet vivid and sharp, are staring down at John’s ring finger, which glows warmly each time the man speaks. John lifts his hand, palm facing up in unintended submission. “It’s yours?”

 

“Yes. How did you find it?”

 

“I didn’t. It just appeared.”