, he paled. Lance and Hunk, the two from the showers last night, were there. Keith kept his face down, picking at his napkin as Lance’s loud and cheerful voice directed itself at them. 


 


“Shiro, my dude! We were looking for you at campus, but Hunk got hungry so we headed over here.” Hunk grumbled behind the other. 


 


“Lance, I think you were the one that got ‘so hungry that you could eat a spaceship’ if I recall.” 






Lance rolled his eyes, sliding into the booth seat across from them, Hunk sliding in next to them. A third person smiled as she saw Shiro, and Keith examined her. The girl had brilliantly white hair that was a stark contrast to her tanned skin. Her skin was really smooth, and she had these really pretty blue eyes that made Keith think she was wearing contacts. He could feel Shiro shift, and looked over, noticing his smile but also noticing his prosthetic hand sliding under the table. 


 


“Hey guys. Uh, if you wanna sit here Allura, I can get up and grab a-”


 


“Its fine,” Keith interrupted. “I’ll, uh, go sit at the counter.” Shiro touched his arm, light concern in his eyes. 

You’re sure? 

Keith nodded at the question that hadn’t been voiced, getting up and heading over to the breakfast bar and sitting down, smiling softly at the woman he considered his mom. 


 


“Keith?” Wendy questioned, lips drawing into a pout when she looked over at the booth. “Do you not know them?” She asked softly, setting his lemonade in front of him. She knew all about the youngers social anxiety, and worried over him constantly. Keith shook his head softly, sipping the lemonade. 


 


“I don’t. I know they’re Shiro’s friends, but lately it’s been a lot moving into the new place, so I figured I’d let Shiro hang out with his friends.” The woman sighed and ruffled Keiths hair, smiling at him. 


 


“Well, then you can keep me company then. You can go ahead and grab your breakfast when it pops up; I’m going to give Shiro his lemonade and take his friends order, okay?” Keith nodded at her, smiling softly. She grinned back and grabbed Shiro’s mug, bringing it back to the booth. Keith watched her put it down, and the uncertainty in his face as he raised his prosthetic hand and threaded his fingers through the handle, lifting it slowly and sipping out of it. Shiro’s prosthetic looked like a normal hand, but sometimes Shiro had a hard time lifting things or getting the fingers to work the way he wanted them too. 


 


Keith figured that his friends didn’t know about his arm, he didn’t like telling people. He hadn’t let anyone visit him in the hospital besides Keith, and didn’t let anyone visit until he got his prosthetic and was somewhat familiar with it. 


 


Keith looked up at the ordering window and smiled fondly at the chef, the elder man smiling back. “It’s nice to see you Keith! It’s been awhile; Oh! Here’s your breakfast.” He set it down on the ordering window, and Keith went behind the counter and picked up the warm plate. “Made it just how you like it.”



Keith thanked him and sat back down at the bar, eating his eggs and hashbrowns quietly. He really liked it here; the people, the food. Everything was familiar and it helped calm him down in times of panic. He heard Shiro laughing along with his friends at the booth, and sometimes Keith wished he could have that. Maybe he’ll make some friends when he actually starts college. Hopefully.


 


When he’d finished his breakfast, he felt a hand clap itself on his back, which startled Keith into dropping his fork. “Dude, aren’t you the guy from the showers last night? I’d totally recognize that ugly haircut anywhere.” Keith bristled. It was Lance, and the shorter immediately didn’t like him.


 


Brushing off his hand, Keith sighed. “Yeah? What do you want?” Although he tried not to, hostility laced his voice. He could practically hear Lance rolling his eyes. 


 


“Dude, chill. Shiro said you needed some friends, so I came over here to, y’know, be friendly.” Keith’s head whipped back to glare at Shiro, who smiled nervously. Keith let out a heavy sigh and got off of his stool, huffing. 


 


“I don’t know if I want to be friends with some guy who introduced himself to me by forcing my shower curtain away, fully aware that I could be nude.” Lance laughed, and that made Keith even angrier. “Don’t laugh! It’s not funny!”


 


“It totally is, man. You’re so scared of someone seeing your junk. Newsflash; everyone that goes into the showers has a dong, don’t be a