went quiet then, Harry's fake and heavy breathing the only noise breaking the stillness. Zayn crawled up Harry's body only to lie beside him on the floor. They wrapped each other in tired arms. It was then that Harry grew unafraid to utter the name of the accompanying feeling next to his desire and the words spilled forth, “I love you Zayn.” But there was no response, just a small huff of breathe, a weak smile felt against the flesh of his neck, and the usual soft whisper of Zayn's singing before they drifted off in to heavy sleep:

If we should meet again



Don't try to solve the puzzle



Just lay down next to me



And please don't move a muscle


	And it was then Harry knew things were changing. And that scary feeling deep down came creeping up again; he knew that one day he would wake up or turn his back and Zayn would be gone. But till then, Harry thought, he'd enjoy every second left and every little moment Zayn had given him...

 -----------------------


	He's still standing there, paralyzed by the world, paralyzed by the fear. He's trying to focus, “Focus now on the buzzing of the neon sign!”, and as hard as he's trying the world won't shut up. He feels the hunger boiling deep in his gut, bubbling up to his throat and if it gets to his brain it'll be too late. But then, it's behind the pink tinted cloud of steam coming from the street that he sees him. He's just a shadow  for now, just a shadow in the atmosphere in front of Harry. But the voice comes slowly gently with a small click of boot heels, “I'm here Haz”, Harry's ears picking up the sound like its the only clear radio frequency in his brain, “....I'm here.” 



…...............Why was he afraid again? 



But much as the voice is soothing, pulling him back, he can't help but be reminded; Harry remembers now as he has this whole time. Remembers why he is afraid again: “My heart is already broken, how much more can it take? “And then it floods back, time reversing in his head. He remembers the night, the night in December of '89, one of the coldest years on record. The last and coldest night Zayn stood by his side. The last time that they shared blood.


	They were walking down the street on one of the sparse nights they spent together as of late. Blasts of cold air hitting their faces with no effect, snow bordering the walkways like fine cut lace by countless busy feet trampling over it. And more of it fell minute by minute from the sky like sparkling sugar. That winter had suffered the wrath of a polar vortex, and with it, Harry and Zayn's relationship. Zayn spent nights away from Harry then, hunting alone and coming back to him only to rest without a word, with no more songs to hum. Growing distant and cold, without a clue in sight and as much as Harry tried, he could not get or find a reason why. He tried to be warm, to be patient with Zayn; Tried to be harsh and push him but Zayn had turned into the marble Harry had once joked he'd been carved out of, “You're perfect like Michelangelo's David.”

And this night he was suddenly different; warm, optimistic, holding Harry's hand down the sidewalk as they walked. Honey eyes gazing, face smiling fondly at every snow covered roof top and Christmas covered skyscraper of the city as if it was his last time he'd be seeing it. And he'd looked at Harry the same way, let himself drown in the green of Harry's eyes all night as if it was the last time he would see him, and Harry knows now that it was exactly the case. But back then, Harry 's heart foolishly believed it had cracked the safe, changed the icy exterior Zayn had built up after months of prying.

Under the glow of the neon Radio City Music Hall hall, eerie red just like the one he is drowning in now, Zayn had buried his face into Harry's neck. A smile tracing his flesh like he had missed, fangs slightly tickling his ear, whispered that old familiar phrase: “Want to get a bite?”  And Harry nodded, with a happy  love blind kiss to Zayn's cheek. They went back to the old familiar, the place where it started it all. “For one last drop” Harry knows now.

And they stood there in that alleyway again, Zayn kissing Harry longingly against the brick wall this time, no distance, no stillness between them. Just that moon, that pale killing moon shining brightly in the sky. Like a warning sign screaming through dark clouds pregnant with snow as Zayn's tongue glided into Harry's mouth. Saliva full of heavy words Zayn could never speak and Harry completely incapable of translating them, love keeping his brain