ships back together. Poe, you stay here. Find a flat surface to lie on, and get some rest.”

Poe remembers nodding, before spreading himself over Wedge’s sofa and letting exhaustion overtake him. It’s not sleep, really; the combination of the stim-tab and painkillers in his system is a bad one, and both of them are steadily wearing off, which means goodbye to the alertness and hello to the pain. He must fall into some state of unconscious though, because when he comes to the sun is far lower in the sky than it has any right to be.

There are sounds of movement, too. Poe sits up, and immediately regrets it, letting out a groan. That brings Eiyaali to his side, brandishing a glass of water at him. “Drink,” she orders. “Wedge is making soup,” she adds, once he’s drained half the glass.

A bowl is brought in, and placed in front of him with a spoon. “You can manage, right?” Wedge asks.

Poe picks up the spoon, thankful for the academy training that meant he was most of the way to ambidextrous, as far as most tasks were concerned. The spoon feels a little odd in his non-dominant hand, but he can sure use it to get the soup to his mouth. “I’ll cope.”

“Good,” Wedge pronounces. “I’ve spoonfed you before, I have no desire to do it again now you’ve hit adulthood.”

“Wait, what?” Eiyaali, who has her own bowl of soup and is perched on top of a table (Wedge doesn’t seem to believe in having extra chairs for company, which sort of makes sense as this house is out in the back of beyond and seems very much designed for a solitary existence), lurches, and almost spits her soup back into the bowl. “You knew the Commander when he was little?”

“I don’t remember you spoon-feeding me,” Poe says, in a quiet mumble.

“You’d have only been about two, maybe three,” Wedge says. Turning to Eiyaali, he adds, “His mother was one of the pilots with the Rebel Alliance. We were friends, back in the day. I got stuck on medical leave with nowhere to go so Shara took pity on me and invited me back to her father’s place. Little did I know that I’d be pressed into action as a babysitter.”

That story makes sense to Poe, even though he doesn’t remember it. There were Alliance pilots in and out of his parents’ place throughout his childhood.

Poe focuses on eating his soup, while Eiyaali asks Wedge for tales of the Alliance and the Republic, which he isn’t short of. Darkness falls outside and Poe dozes off again, lulled by the sound of tales he’s heard a million times before.

When he wakes up, he’s no longer on the couch but in a bed, tucked under the sheets. There’s enough sunlight peeking in through the curtains to suggest that it’s morning, and that Poe’s slept in. There’s a glass of water on the bedside table and some fresh painkillers, which Poe takes gladly. Then he gets up; visits the refresher to splash some water on his face. He goes looking for Wedge and Eiyaali, but they don’t seem to be in the house. There is breakfast left for him in the kitchen, so Poe tucks in.

He realises that Wedge and Eiyaali are outside, working on the ships. They must have managed to drag the wrecks back the day before, because both of them are now sitting on Wedge’s front lawn. They seem to be making good progress, from what he can tell. Eiyaali is deep into her own ship’s wiring whilst Wedge supervises.

Poe settles on the grass, close enough to watch but not close enough to participate, and enjoys the morning sunshine that’s pleasantly warming in a way that most sunshine isn’t. Eiyaali and Wedge make a decent pair, and Wedge is certainly a better teacher than Poe ever was. Illenu Star is patched up within a couple of hours, though they can’t do much about the wing; Wedge might have basic supplies but he doesn’t have the equipment to weld a sheared wing back together. Then they crouch over Black One and Poe can hear Wedge explain what each component does. At first Poe is surprised that Wedge knows so much about Starfighter construction, but then he remembers through the fog of the pain medication that Wedge was on the team that had advised most of the key upgrades when the Navy shifted from the T-65s to the T-70s. He’d have flown a ship not dissimilar to Black One for years.

It doesn’t take long before whatever was wrong seems to be fixed. Wedge’s trusty astromech, R4-G8 runs a full diagnostic while Wedge and Eiyaali break for a spot of lunch; they bring some out to Poe, and it seems to be the