, “So you plan on attending?”

He groans, “Do I have a choice?”

“Don't be stupid.” She frowns at him, lips parting into a sigh, “Of course you have a choice. We always have a choice. It’s a matter of whether you’re acting on it.”

She watches him purse his lip into a childish pout, “I don’t want to be the bitter, petty ex-boyfriend who didn’t show up.”

“Then it’s a matter of pride to you, not heartbreak.”

“Don’t say it like that!” Shinichi protests, “ Ran and I … you know we go way back. She’s my best friend. And she was all I had for a very long time.”

“Yet friendship wasn’t enough to sustain romantic love, was it?”

It never was. At least for Shiho, no.

“I don’t think I know about love anymore.” He chortles humorlessly, tired fingers combing back his hair. “It’s like she flipped every idea I had about it. I always thought love was this…  unwavering  thing, you know? But she said we changed.” A snort. He shakes his head, discouraged. “All these years, all this...  for her  , trying to get back to her. And a year later she tells me that  we're not who we used to be,  that this isn’t love. At least not the kind she wants. And I honestly have no idea what happened. Wasn’t friendship supposed to be the perfect basis of love? What happened to that?"

“You can’t calculate  love like that,” The scientist objects, “Love isn't some kind of equation you can solve by inserting the correct variables.”

“Then what is it about, love expert?” He taunts.

She huffs.

"You don't deserve her anyway." Shiho teases back, eyes rolling back a little as she avoids the question. It’s unfair, she thinks, that he would ask her such a thing. That he would be this painfully oblivious to her feelings still, after all this time.

Shinichi scoffs at her observation, incredulous. " Gee . Thanks, Miyano. You're supposed to be on my side, you heartless woman!"

She shrugs sheepishly in response, and her heart breaks a little.

"It's the truth." The scientist beams back at him, the corner of her lips curling into a knowing smirk. "She's too good for you. It's a miracle she'd tolerated you for that long."

The boy’s face twist into a grimace before he casts an annoyed glance at her.

"You seem awfully cheerful at my predicament. Is there a particular reason or do you just find joy in watching me suffer?"

Embarrassed, her cheeks turn a pale shade of rose and she brushes the bridge of her nose with clumsy fingers as she averts her gaze to take a sip of her drink. It’s pathetic, she knows. To be this enamoured of someone who’s still hung up on their childhood love, even long after breaking up.

"You're drunk, Kudo-Kun."

"Yes,  Miyano-San ." Shihichi admits. He chugs the rest of his beer and crushes the can before tossing it away into the small pile.  "I'm drunk and heartbroken, in case you failed to notice. And you're a horrible counselor."

She glares at him through squinted eyes, " You dragged me here. Unceremoniously, at that."

"Wow." Shinichi deadpans, mocking her tone earlier. "Friend of the year."

" Touché . Hattori would have been a wiser choice."

"Nah.” A dismissive hand gesture. He stretches his legs to accommodate himself as both elbows hang from the backrest. “Too far away. Kazuha would be all over the phone and I don't feel like dealing with girls right now, to be honest."

Her expression suddenly turns into a bemused one. "Uh,  hello ?"

"Ah, but you don't count." He smiles at her, a look between apologetic and reassuring. "I don't see you like that."

"Gee. Well, fuck you too Kudo." Shiho retorts, full sarcasm.

"Oi, you know I didn't mean it that way—"

"Whatever." She brings the booze between her lips and lets the bitterness fill through her lips.  Ironic  , she thinks.  What a joke .

He peers at her, curious and a bit remorseful, it  almost  makes her give in. Almost.

"You mad?" Half-jokingly, he memes her.

"Fuck off."

“Hey, don’t be like that! I just mean that there’s no… like I don’t think of you as—”

“ ... As a woman . Yes, I’m very well aware of that, thank you. You’ve already made it very much clear that I have no sexual appeal to you.”

“I didn