done with that, he put them on little bowls he had gotten out. He was almost done buttering the bagels when he heard the little pitter of feet coming down the stairs. He turned around and saw Kayden rubbing his eye with one hand while the other was gripping the railing tight, like Louis had taught him.

 

"Mummy," Kayden said in the most pitiful voice "please hold?" He asked Louis with his arms rasied to the celling. Louis smiled, he loved his baby and had always wanted to hold him as a baby, and now Kayden has just gotten use to it. He knows he should stop, because Kayden's almost 5 now and will be too big for Louis to pick up. Louis complied anyway, because that was his baby, he would move every mountain in the world for him if he could.

 

When he picked him up Kayden rested his head on his shoulder and Louis went back to finishing their breakfast. "Are you hungry Kay?" He asked in a small voice hoping he was stil a little sleepy so he didn't make such a big fuss when Louis tried to dress him later. He felt Kayden nodding against his shouler and went to sit him down at his place at their table. After he sat him down he went to the counter and picked up their food, he sat it down and got both of them a drink.

 

After a fairly quick breakfast Louis put the dishes in the dishwasher ad wiped down the table while Kayden went and brushed his teeth and got himself ready for the day. After Louis was done in the kitchen he went to his room to grab Kayden's little backpack and his phone. When Kayden came back down stairs he was dressed and smiled up at Louis, Louis smiled and ruffled his hair before grabbing his hand and leading hi outside where they both began skipping down the sidewalk on the way to Louis' mothers house.

 

When they got there Louis went inside and talked to his mother for a bit and told her he didn't know when he would be able to pick Kayden up. Of course his mother didn't mond and she waved him off and said it was fine. He gave Kayden a kiss on the forehead and waved to his mother and sisters and brother (his sisters are only Lottie and Dorris)before walking out the door and heading to Harrys house.

--

When he got to Harrys house he was in a bit of a shock. He knew Harry had money, and expected his house to be big, but this? This was a fucking mansion. When he got to the bug gates he saw a little button with a speaker next to it. He pressed it and waited for someone to acknowledge his presence. When someone id answer, they asked who he was and why he was there. He answered with his name and that he was there for Harry before the gates were opening and he was walking toward the front door. He knocked and only had to wait a few minutes before the door was being open and he was staring a solid chest, He slowly raised his eyes until they met with Harrys and when they did he could see a smirk on Harrys face.

 

"Well, hello Louis." He said, eyeing Louis from head to toe. Louis suddenly felt very hyper-aware of the way his leggings were clinging to his thighs, he was starting to think they weren't the best idea.

 

"H-Hello Harry." He stuttered out. Harry moved aside to let him into the house. He walked in and looked at the living room that was past the little hallway they were in. Everything in the house was very modern and new looking, like it had never been used or broken in.

 

He felt a had on his back and his jumped a bit, startled. He heard a chuckle from behind him. He didn't turn around but started moving when the hand pushed a little harder on his back. He was guided up the stairs and down a hallway before he was met with a large office. He heard Harry close the door behind him and walk over to the large desk.

 

"So," Harry started out "you are to sort my paperwork for me while I make phone calls, and make meetings for potential clients, alright?" he asked with a raised brow . Paperwork? He wanted Louis to come here just to make his papers more organized? He realized he hadn't said anything and Harry was still looking at him.

 

Louis blushed but could help but ask, "Paperwork? You want me to do your paperwork?" You could tell in his voice that he was surprised.

 

Harry didn't look fazed as he answered him "Yes, I do believe that's what I just said." he responded still looking at Louis. He raised a brow "Is that going to be a problem for you?" he asked with a little mock in his voice.

 

"No- No, I was just asking why you wanted me to do it instead of like, and assistant or something." Louis responded putting his head down and looking at his shoes.

 

Harry handed him a stack,