, who looks at Jade with lips pressed tight and knitted brows. She doesn’t know what that expression means. She asks Rose, and Rose just lets out a deep, heavy breath (a sigh, she thinks it’s called, because that’s what Nannasprite told her on the ship), pulls her in, and wraps her arms around Jade’s shoulders. That was a hug. She struggles to find the name at the time, but she’d done it to John before entering the new universe, and then she did it to Rose. They hold each other like that for a moment, then Rose pulls away, looks to Jade with some kind of glint in her eyes, and disappears out the door.



     The next time, it’s Jake. Jake tells her he’d made a habit of heading to her house every night, even though she wasn’t normally there, because, 

hell

, he just wants to talk to someone. He doesn’t hug her. He talks, in a loud voice that reverberates off the walls, and makes facial expressions Jade can’t place. Then he leaves, that same kind of feeling in his eyes that Rose had had, and Jade thinks she knows what it means. 

Pity

.



     After that, when Jake stops turning up, it’s Dave. Dave doesn’t talk to her. He doesn’t hug her, doesn’t turn the corners of his lips up or down, just sits down outside her house and stares at what they knew to be the night sky. It is silence, but Jade doesn’t know if it is the good kind or the bad kind. When Dave leaves, he’s wearing those shades, but she doesn’t think he pities her.



     She tries to avoid the others altogether after the next time. It is John, telling her how everyone missed her, and how she should come hang out with them again. Jade shakes her head, but he persists, and when the dreaded date comes that she obligates to see them, she panics. She runs. She hides.



      She’s too afraid to face the ones who used to call her a friend, and now she’s too weak, as well.



     So she takes to fighting the monsters in the universe. They don’t pity her. They don’t think her weak, especially as she strikes them down. They’re beasts, incapable of emotion, and, in a way, she thinks she becomes one.



     Then Jade reminds herself she’s not anything like them. They’re scavengers. She’s a guardian. She’s there to protect the world they created with her dying breath. Her job is to protect, and that’s what she does.



     Jade doesn’t know when she returns next. It’s night, and there’s no one at her house, so she sits under the tree she, Dave, and Karkat picnicked (what an odd word, she thinks) beside, and tries to relax. Then she remembers that, to her, relaxation means sleep, and she wouldn’t—couldn’t—sleep. Not yet.



     Jade leans against the tree, staring up at the stars and imagining what dangers were brewing that she’d deal with. 

Deal with.




     She pulls her knees to her chest and rests her chin on them, tracing patterns in the dirt with a finger. It feels different from the island, but she can’t quite place how. She’s trying not to reminisce about times before she ruined everything when there’s a presence beside her.



     Out of the corner of her eye, Jade can see a green glow, and then it’s an orange glow, then she looks over to see Davepetasprite. The ends of their lips are curved sharply upward, barely revealing teeth, and they seem to be staring at her. She struggles to produce a word for the expression, but she’s come to associate it with joy. “Hey,” she murmurs, and the word feels foreign and heavy in her mouth



     “Harley,” they reply, still making that expression, bringing a hand to their forehead and then pulling it away sharply. She has no clue what that means, but assumes it’s a greeting so she tries to do the smile thing. Hopefully that would be close enough. She knew how to do it, she

 did

, but living alone on an island for years may have impaired her ability. “Lovely.”



     “Thanks,” she replies, failing to note the odd tone in their voice. They give her an equally odd look, complete with a head tilt and everything. She doesn’t know what they’re expecting. “I’m glad to see you made it to the new universe,” Jade says, trying to increase the pitch of her voice. That was supposed to sound genuine. She knew that. Instead, however, her voice just squeaked.



     “Really?” Davepetasprite hums, tapping their fingers against the ground. “Even after I stabbed