paper napkins and helps himself to a hunk of pie.  It’s not like he has a boyfriend at the moment. He doesn’t even have his eye on anyone. In fact, Misha is hands down the hottest guy he’s come across in a long while. Jensen’s not going to lie; he’s attracted to him. And he’s put out for guys he was a lot less attracted to, for no better reason than a roof over his head for the night. But if it’s going to be forever, shouldn’t there be more to it than being vaguely willing to put out?

Misha clears his throat. “There’s more you should know.” He has given up on the food and is eyeing off the bottle of Mountain Dew. Jensen pours some into one of the plastic cups for him and he sniffs at it dubiously before taking a tentative sip. He spits it straight back out again.

“That is not dew from a mountain,” he says. “It is carbonated water, corn syrup and…something…very…unnatural.”

The fairy looks horrified and Jensen can’t help but laugh. “It’s just a name, dude. Hey, speaking of names, what did Chris mean when he said some lord wouldn’t bitch about my name?”

Misha blushes faintly. “Chris has a human soulmate. His name is Steve. It is a bland name; there is no music in it. It doesn’t sound at all nice to the Fae ear. Jensen though, that is a beautiful name.”

Jensen frowns. He has so many questions trying to elbow their way to the forefront of his brain that he isn’t sure what to ask first.

“So fairy/human soulmates are common then?”

Misha shakes his head and explains that they’re quite rare; only about 3% of the Fae have a human soulmate.

Jensen rubs a hand through his hair and then rubs it across the back of his neck. This is all so incredibly weird.

“What else do I need to know?” he asks Misha. “You said there was more?”

Misha bites at his bottom lip. “You will likely begin to change as a result of our bond.”

Jensen’s stomach clutches painfully. “What? Change? How?”

Misha picks up the entire hunk of goats cheese and begins to eat it. He seems much happier with the cheese than with the sandwiches.

“How will I change, Misha?” Jensen asks again.

“It is never possibly to say,” the fairy replies. “Steve grew wings.”

Privately, Jensen thinks that wings would be cool, but it would make him stand out far too much. Unless of course Misha—or Jared—made them invisible for him. Jensen frowns. If he and Misha are supposed to be soulmates, then surely they are supposed to live together? And right now they live in different worlds; which is going to make that difficult. Maybe it’s different with the Fae? Maybe they won’t be expected to live together. Maybe they’ll just hook up every so often? Jensen puts the question to Misha who explains that as far as he is aware, all Fae/Human couples live in the Fae Realm.

A frisson of fear travels up Jensen’s spine at the answer, but then it starts to morph into something a lot closer to excitement. He’s already moved around so much during his life; what’s one more move? On the other hand, when Misha inevitably gets bored of him and kicks him to the curb, having to move worlds could be a major hassle.

Jensen takes a long hard look at Misha.  The fairy has a strong jaw with a dimple in his chin and beautiful full (slightly chapped) lips. His dark hair is a mess and his eyes are big and blue. Right now those eyes are staring intently at him, yet again, and Jensen, he just doesn’t feel it. 

“Are you sure about this soulmate thing?” he says. “Because I don’t feel,” he pauses. “I mean, you’re hot and I’m attracted to you, even if you are ridiculously over-dressed, but shouldn’t I feel…something?”

“Something?”

“Some soul deep connection or something?”

Misha licks his dry lips. “I believe you should feel something, yes.” He reaches out a hand and places it against Jensen’s head.  He inclines his head and narrows his eyes. “You don’t believe you deserve to be loved,” he says.

Jensen knocks the fairy’s hand away. “What? Don’t be stupid,” he says. He starts to gather up the remains of their picnic and pack it away.

“I am not being stupid,” Misha growls. “Your mind is preventing your soul from feeling the bond properly, because you don’t believe that you are truly worthy of being loved.” The fairy gets to his feet, eyes flashing with fury. “I will