brother between your legs, sucking on your cock like it was the last sucker in the world," Sam's voice had gotten slightly deeper due to his lust, but he wouldn't give up his position. Now that he had Dean once again, he wanted to make him suffer a little for not wanting to embrace his feelings and stay in denial.

Once Dean reluctantly took his hand off of Sam's head, Sam smirked an went back to licking down the shaft and to the base of Dean's dick, before licking back up and once again dipping his tongue into the slit at the tip, tasting to slightly salty pre-come that was already beading up.

Bracing his hands against the steering wheel, Dean could only drive along with painfully white knuckles. His cock was soon enveloped in a tight heat, making him swerve almost out of control. Oh god Sam was hallowing his cheeks and sucking him for all his worth. He couldn't keep this up anymore. Pulling off to the side of the road he slammed on his breaks, tires screeching as they skidded to a halt.

Gripping Sam by his brown locks once more, he pulled the sucker fish off his dick and slammed him into his seat. With dangerous eyes he leered at Sam's swollen, salivating lips. "Backseat. Now."

Sam had been so lost in tasting Dean that he didn't realize what was happening until Dean had him pressed up against the passenger side of the car. As soon as his mind processed Dean's command, a soft groan slipped past his lips. It didn't take long for Sam to scramble his long, lengthy body to the back seat of Dean's precious Impala.

Of course, once he was in the back he was grabbing Dean by the collar of his shirt, pulling him into a fierce kiss as well as pulling his body over the front seat to join him in the back. Only when Dean's weight was settled on top of him did Sam let out a satisfied moan of want and surrender to the kiss.

Their mouths moved against each other other in a fury until Dean toughed his way into Sam's mouth. Mapping out the warm cavers as if he never tasted the mouth he's claimed numerous times before this moment.. Teeth clashing, he sucked on Sam's thrashing tongue, driving the man under him crazy with want.

Grinding down he connected their hips. Sam pulled away to moan wantonly, Dean took it as an advantage to trail wet kissed down his neck. Slipping a pocket of skin into his mouth he sucked and nibbled until a purple splotch of possession marked the skin.

Sam had missed this. Missed it with every fiber of his being, so he showed Dean this by grinding their hips together, using Dean's weight to his advantage, and moaning for Dean, knowing it would drive him to go further and continue his exploration of re-mapping out Sam's body once again.

Getting more desperate for friction, Dean hiked his brothers legs to wrap around his frame the best way they could in their current situation. Hips snapping forward he ground against Sam in a blind haze of passion. "God I'm gonna fuck you so hard Sammy." Growling he tore Sam's jacket down to his shoulders, not even taking the time to fully rid him of the offending garment. Wrapping his fingers around Sam's hip's, Dean slid them over the forming muscles and dips, reveling in the shiver and jerks for his actions. He smirked. "Oh yeah. Very hard."

Unable to really move his arms much due to Dean not taking the time to remove his jacket properly, Sam was stuck moaning and trying to buck up into Dean, as if trying to remove his and Dean's clothes with his mind so that Dean could do as he promised and fuck him. Hard.

"God Dean... Please..." he begged, listening to Dean go on about wanting to fuck him. God it had felt like forever since they last had sex.

"Don't you know patience is a virtue?" The low rumble of a growl he got made him chuckle softly. Dean knew he was one to talk, at the moment he himself wasn't very patient. He wanted his brother and he wanted him now, but he also wanted him to suffer just a bit longer for the small torture he put him through.

Unzipping Sam's pants rather slowly, he deliberately scratched his knuckles against the bulge trapped inside pale blue boxers. When Sam went to thrust his hip's he pulled away, a whine of want and need driving him to the brink of insanity. Licking his chapped lips, Dean dove his hand into those boxers wrapping a large calloused hand around the smooth length. His pumps where slow and calculated. Holding Sam's hip's down he kept up his pace to his liking, until he decided when to take Sam.

Sam was a whining writhing mess under Dean, but it was exactly what he was wanting. No, what he was needing. Especially considering this is the best he