you like it. I wanted to do something special for you."

"Thank you." She took his hand again and they entwined their fingers together. They both felt the need to have physical contact with the other.

"Are you hungry?"

"I guess I am pretty hungry." She was flushed and her eyes were sparkling and Gold could think about nothing but how hungry he was for her. He didn't think he was going to be able to hold himself in check for long. He just hoped she felt the same way.

Dinner was excellent and they simply enjoyed being together. They'd always found it easy to talk to one another and this new turn in their relationship did nothing to change that. There were a lot of personal questions that were still unanswered, but they knew that they would talk about everything now that they were together.

"Let's finish our wine in the living room, Belle. We can relax and it will be more comfortable. I think we need a break before dessert."

Belle agreed and followed him into a room with an overstuffed couch and some very comfy looking chairs. "Do you mind if I take my shoes off, Rum? These heels are so uncomfortable."

"Not at all, my dear. Can I get you something to put on your feet so they won't be cold? Maybe a pair of my socks?"

"I don't want to trouble you."

"It's no trouble at all." Gold disappeared and returned with a pair of fuzzy blue socks.

Belle laughed. "These are yours?"

"Yes. Something wrong?"

"No. They just don't seem like something you would wear." She almost had to bite her lip to keep from laughing out loud.

"They're very comfortable. Here… let me help you put them on. You'll see what I mean."

Belle was sitting on the couch and she put her legs up so that Gold could put the socks on her. He put his hands around her ankles when he was done.

"How does that feel?"

"The socks feel good and your hands feel even better." She blushed as she said it.

"Really…" he moved his hands up her calves a bit, massaging her legs along with his movements.

"Ummm…. That feels really good." Belle could feel the heat pooling in her center as she responded to Gold's hands on her body. "Keep going."

Gold could feel himself begin to harden as he moved his hands higher up her legs just past her knees to the lower portion of her thighs.

"Sooo good, Rum. Don't stop now."

He was starting to sweat a bit thinking about moving even higher. His erection was going to be evident to her if she opened her eyes. "I won't. I just want to take off my vest and loosen my tie. It's getting a little warm in here."

He threw off his vest and tie and undid a few of his shirt buttons.

"Now where were we?" He put his hands back on her lower thighs and moved his hands up even higher coming close to the hem of her dress. He was as hard as could be and he was about to put his hands under her dress.

"Still good, Belle? Do you want me to keep going? "

"Yes, Rum. So good. Your hands are doing magic."

Gold braced himself and moved his hands further up her thighs under her dress.

She whimpered and opened her legs slightly and Gold felt as though he was going to embarrass himself soon.

"What the?" Gold pulled away when he heard the doorbell ringing. "Who on earth can that be? I apologize, Belle. I'll get rid of whoever it is. Don't go anywhere." Thankfully his erection had eased quite a bit at the interruption. This was embarrassing.

Gold took his time getting to the front door hoping that his arousal would not be apparent. He had dismissed the restaurant staff earlier. Had they forgotten something?

He opened the door and stopped dead in his tracks. David Nolan and Moe French were standing there.

"What are you doing here?" Gold couldn't think of anything else to say.

"I should be asking you that same question, Gold. Where's Belle? Why are you here and not at the restaurant?" David had pushed his way into the house and started looking around.

"Belle is in the living room. We just finished dinner and were having some wine."

"I bet you were. You pervert." Moe was glaring at Gold, noting that he had obviously removed his tie and unbuttoned his shirt.

"Would you like to see her? I assure you that she's perfectly fine. I haven't tied her up to have my way with her if that's what you're thinking."

Gold started towards the living room with David and Moe in tow.

Belle had thankfully gotten up from the couch and was standing in front of a bookshelf with an opened volume in her hand