, since six months ago. Because, weekends meant that Misha brought his family on set. As it is a half-day on weekends, Misha has more free time to spare between time-outs and he spends it with his wife and son. Jensen remembers the weekend when Misha had finally formally introduced him to Vicki and West. Vicki proceeded to announce that Misha spoke fondly of Jensen at home and Jensen had grinned too brightly at that comment. Misha had blushed and Vicki pulled the dark haired male into a one arm hug and kissed him. Jensen corked his head to one side and smiled at the cute exchange, it was also then when he felt West hugged tightly at his leg. The little boy is the cutest thing in the world and Jensen had thought West and Jj would be great friends when they grew up. Misha does have time for his family and at that, Jensen was glad. And every weekend that Jensen had worked after that were the same and always looked forward to. He would meet the Collins for breakfast at a nearby English style diner, go over on set and let Vicki and West hang out in his trailer while Misha and him go over to make-up. Jared will arrive fashionably late - as usual, on weekends - and the five of them would be at the stage by 11am. Vicki and West would sit just around the cameras, Misha would busy himself with either other guest stars or making the prosthetics for future scenes, Jensen and Jared would do their thing. Jared would leave on the dot at 4pm to go meet Genevieve while Jensen and the Collins would hang around on set talking with other actors. Jensen is not really one to interact with actors. You could say he's a little socially awkward. Jensen usually talks to Jared or Misha and on off chances, maybe Mark - the English one - or Sebastian. It's probably because Mark and Sebastian came off as more open than other actors and Jensen would not feel anxious when he's talking with them. But, being with Misha really opened up his mind about interactions. Misha has a unique way of just continuing the conversation. Jensen is slightly envious of Misha's easy relationship with everyone, Jensen wished that he could be like Misha as well, just, you know, being able to just talk with other people without feeling shy or just, being yourself. Jensen wishes that one day he would have the courage to bring Danneel and Jj on set to introduce them to the Collins. But, it's been six months and Jensen still feels like it wouldn't be appropriate. Jensen is not the most open about his personal life, he feels that people would react badly if Jensen just brings his family on set out of the blue. It's twenty minutes before 9am that Jensen realizes he's been thinking about everything Misha Collins all this time and he admits in his heart that maybe, he just might have a man crush on the guy. He wonders what Danneel and Vicki would think about that. - It's about 9:35am when Jensen is sitting another trailer, looking at himself while Misha looms over him. "Hmm." Misha chimes, "The red in your eyes have gone down a little." and Misha smiles lightly as he brushes Jensen's cheek, toning it darker, like Dean Winchester. "Jensen, stop smiling! Your cheeks keep moving, I can't keep smoothing the cracks, man." Misha scolds jokingly. Jensen tries hard to keep a straight face but he wasn't doing it on purpose. He just feels happy. "Okay okay." he said as he breathes out and tries to be serious. Misha tousles Jensen's short brown hair lightly, "Why were you here so early in the morning?" They are the only ones in the trailer right now and Misha wastes no time. Jensen breathes in loudly, it was only sooner or later that Misha would ask questions. They are close and they are friends off set, it was in Misha to be concerned. "It was Jj. She had diarrhea and I just couldn't go back to sleep after Danneel kicked me outta bed." Misha laughes lightly. "Not funny, Mish. You shoulda seen the way she just side kicks me and pulls the blankets over. Misha just kept laughing as the brush started to tickle Jensen's face. "Wow." Jensen smirks. "You're an asshole, you know that." Misha composes himself, "I know. And you wouldn't like me any other way." Jensen could have sworn it was a purposeful flirtation from Misha as he swallows. "Uhm... yeah, sure." But oh, Misha knows exactly what he's doing. He's observed Jensen from the day he introduced his family to the actor. He's seen the way Jensen just sort of goes into a trance like state whenever they're together, alone or with other people. Jensen looks like pure bliss when he sees Misha with his family, and Misha is aware of this. And truth be told, Misha likes and enjoys it when Jensen