coffee shop. Besides the silent hum of the car engine and louis' singing to the radio. To Harry, It was a peaceful drive. Like an old lullaby he could've fallen asleep to as a child.
They pulled into the coffee shop's parking lot. Louis got out the car too and jogged over to Harry's side of the door just as he was about to get. "Quite the gentleman." Harry smiled as Louis opened the door for him. Louis bowed and said a small "At your service" to Harry. Harry laughed .

They walked inside together with Louis opening the door for Harry, setting off the tiny bell. Harry though Louis was the sweetest guy ever.
Louis ordered a Yorkshire Tea, ("I don't like coffee, it tastes like stale happiness") and Harry ordered a Hazel-Nut Macchiato. They sat in the booth next to the window face to face.

"Ready for the English quiz?" Louis smirked. Harry couldn't tell if he was being serious about there being an English quiz today. "There's no quiz you tosser." Harry smirked back and flicked some of Louis' sugar from his sugar packet at him. Louis' smile faded. "Harry. I told you yesterday at tutoring there was going to be one and to study." Louis was serious now. "No you didn't!" Harry would've remembered Louis saying something like that, 'cause it's Louis. "Yes I did, Harry! I even texted you!" His voice got an octave higher as he got more defensive. Harry doesn't remember that. He pulled out his phone to check if Louis really did.
'To Harry: ENGLISH QUIZ TOMORROW HAZ'. Oh.

Harry looked up when he heard Louis scoff. "Told you." Harry sighed and nearly jumped out the nearest window. "What's it on?" He asked Louis. Maybe knowing the subject will give him the least bit of hope. "AAAWWUBBIS words. You know those words at the beginning or middle of sentences? To make complex sentences?" Harry was clueless. What the hell is an 'AAAWWUBBIS'? 

It was Louis' time to sigh. "After, As, Although, When, While, Until, Because, Before, If, Since. Write 'em down, Harold. You've got about 25 minutes to study that." 

Harry did study. And he got a low A on that quiz only because he left out a 'W' word. "So I take it that Louis' really been helping, yea?" Mrs. Jackson asked. He couldn't help but smile. "Guess so."

***

"Home coming's next week, lads. Got your ladies?" Niall asked the bunch with a wink at lunch. "You're gonna go to that, mate?" Harry asked almost laughing. For Harry, there wasn't a good enough reason to go to a dumb dance anyways. He got rejected last year and didn't have enough self esteem to go the year before. Freshman year, he just had not interest. "Well yea. I've got my eyes on someone." Niall smiled as he looked towards a blonde girl a table away. Louis laughed. "Ellie? You think you can land her, mate?"

Louis laughed. The rest of the boys joined in, including Harry. But he only laugh because Louis' made him smile.

"Course I can! I'll have her begging for me in minutes." Niall added with a wink. Zayn raised his eyebrows and proceeded to make a bet with Niall. ("If she says yes, I'll pay for lunch for all of us for a week. If she says no, then you have to pay") Niall walked over to Ellie's table, all smiles getting ready to work his "Irish charm".

The boys whispered and giggled like teenaged girls as they watched Niall nervously playing with his hands and talking to Ellie. They saw Ellie laugh and tilt her head smiling. The next thing they knew, Niall was on his was back over to the table with a frown. 

"I'll take a ham sandwich, thank you very much." Zayn laughed and smirked. Niall sighed in defeat and continued to take the rest's orders. Harry was to busy staring at Louis' smile.

***

"'M gonna ask Liam to the dance." Zayn mumbled to Louis and Harry as they walked through the halls. "I knew it!" Louis hollered. Louis was jumping up and down the halls celebrating his new found knowledge. "I told you he liked Liam!" Louis pointed to Harry. Harry blushed. "Why would you do that?!" Zayn pushed Louis. Louis just laughed and they continued on their route to history. 

***

It was the day before the dance and the boys all sat at their usual lunch table. Niall had come to the conclusion that he'll just go with the boys as friends and have "just as much fun with his best mates." They all awed and through food at Niall, teasing