, in shock, blood drained from his face. He looked awful, he just knew it. But he didn't care right now. This was just too much.

Yukiko had obviously warned him beforehand, but he didn't listen to her. He never usually did anyway. This time though, he really should have.

He glanced one more time to the screen in front of him. His eyes reading time and time again the headline that was making him want to knock his head on the next window. 

 


"Great Detective Kudou Shinichi & Magician Extraordinaire Kuroba Kaito - #1 Couple of The Year!"


 

How on earth did this happen? Though he really shouldn't be that surprised. He knew for a fact his son and his best friend's son had faced each other a lot of times as Edogawa Conan and Kaitou KID.

He was actually glad the two had met, resuming the thrilling game Toichi initiated with him years ago. A healthy rivalry between friends, which sadly ended with the death of the former magician thief.

And Yuusaku had to admit it, Kaito was as good - if not better - as his father in the role of Kaitou KID. Toichi would have been proud.

He remembered very well asking his boy if he knew who was KID now, and the smug smirk Shinichi gave him as an answer. He should have realized it then, but he didn't. Because never once had he thought it would be a possibility. After all, Shinich had been in love with Mouri Ran for as long as Yuusaku could remember. He was certain his son would end up marrying the girl. How wrong he was.

"Awww~, aren't they cute together?"

He gave a blank look to the person sitting next to him on the train. Kudou Yukiko. His wife. Of course she would think something like that. 

She was looking at him with a huge smile on her face, clearly amused by her husband's reaction to the news. Yuusaku seemed about ready to melt on his seat from sheer horror. It was so funny, she was trying her best to keep her laughter in. That's what you deserve for not listening to me, Yuu-chan.

"I just love the last picture!" she started, deciding to make him even more uncomfortable. "Look at Kaito-kun's hands laid lovingly on Shin-chan's hips! And his lips are on Shin-chan's neck too! They look so in love, it's too cute!"

"Uh..."

"I need to contact the photographer and get this picture! It would be a nice Christmas Card, no?"

She gave him another bright smile, before giving up to her laughter when she saw the different emotions playing in her husband's eyes. A mix of shock, embarrassment, distraught and surprise. Yuusaku was just too funny. Although she could understand him. After all, finding out through the daily news that your son was dating your best friend's son, another man and an international gentleman thief was a lot to take in.

"Oh come on, Yuu-chan! You should be happy for our son!" she chirped anyway, before giving him a quick kiss on the cheek.

Yuusaku just acknowledged her with a small nod, still processing the news.

"You better get used to it fast! Shin-chan said Kaito will be with us for the holidays this year!"

He gave her another nod, his eyes stuck on the picture Yukiko was just referring too. Past the initial shock that this was his son in the arms of another man, he had to admit he's never seen Shinichi so happy before. He had a small but genuine smile on his face, eyes glimmering. He looked very relaxed in Kaito's embrace, like he belonged there. And as Yukiko mentioned - on purpose, he knew it- he looked very much in love.

Yuusaku kept on screening the rest of the article, a small knowing smile slowly gracing his lips while reading the last few questions of the interview. That was his son alright, he thought slightly amused.

 

Reporter: "How did you guys meet?"

Kaito: "On a roof."

Shinichi: "At work."

 

Reporter: "Was it love at first sight?"

Kaito: "Oh yes. I fell in love the first time he tried to hit me with a soccer ball."

Shinichi: "No, I hated the guy. He always gave me roses."

 

Reporter: "To Kudou-san, what do you find most attractive in Kuroba-san?"

Shinichi: "His mind."

Kaito: "Oh Shin-chan! Here I thought it was my incredible ways with my hands!"

Shinichi: "Kaito! We're in public. Behave!"

 

A laugh escaped his lips while reading Shinichi's last scolding to his shameless boyfriend. Yuusaku could feel the dynamics between the two boys. They were making a good pair together.

And if his son was truly happy, then Yuusaku would give them his blessing. For Kaito was his best friend's son, and