.

“Your Majesty?” Louis’s shoulders stiffen from the familiar voice. It was unbelievable how steady he was breathing just a while ago and now, when he turns around and looks at Zayn, it feels like he’s in a confined, air-tight room. Louis bites his bottom lip, unable to explain how different the atmosphere was now that Zayn was here. Fuck, he couldn’t even get the courage to look in his eyes for long.

“I’ve already prepared your clothes that you’ll be wearing tonight, at the dinner. The King and Queen request that you should be in the dining hall before Miss Eleanor comes in. I will be in your room five minutes before six, please be ready.” Zayn says, and Louis can see from his body movements that he was dying to get away.

Gathering his thoughts and trying not to look so affected, Louis raises his chin and narrows his eyes on Zayn. “Why didn’t you tell me about Eleanor?”

“I was assigned on a lot of things.” He replies instantly, balling his fists on the side of his hips.

“Funny, because I think we’ve bumped at each other for more than ten times, Zayn. I don’t think it’d take you more than a minute to mention three words like, ‘Eleanor-Engagement-Now’, right? So what’s your deal?” Louis asks, impatience reeking inside him. Something was making him push Zayn to tell him what the hell was wrong, why are they acting like this.

In return, Zayn just stares at him. It was the kind of stare that he always does whenever Zayn fucks him, as if he was trying to say something and ends up biting his lips instead. Louis thinks it’s just him, muffling his moans and hiding his reactions so he wouldn’t be embarrassed in front of Louis but now, it’s becoming annoying.

And even if Louis tries to deny it, it makes his chest swell.

Finally, Zayn takes a deep breath, like his whole life depends on it. Then, all of a sudden, Zayn bows in front of him. “Z-zayn…”

“I am truly sorry, Your Majesty. It was wrong of me not to tell you about the engagement immediately. I will make sure I will not repeat the same thing twice.”

“What are you doing? Why the hell are you apologizing?!” Louis steps closer to Zayn and pushes him up, his hands gripping his shoulders tightly. “Why are you being like this?” Louis seethes. Their faces an inch closer now, he could feel the flare on his nose, the burn on his cheeks and still, it wasn’t enough. It bothers him to the very core why Zayn was acting so weird it feels like he’s not his butler at all.

 Actually, what bothers him the most is the fact that he’s getting bothered by what Zayn was doing. He wasn’t supposed to care. He wasn’t to think about Zayn’s feelings or what he wanted to say or what he wanted to do.

This isn’t fun at all.

Before Zayn could say something, Louis grabs his wrist, as tightly as he could and pulls Zayn at the end of the hallway and pushes him inside his room.

“Lou…” The butler takes a step back and Louis can’t remember the last time he did that – for some time, Zayn was always eager to touch him, eager to press his lips on his – where the hell are those things now?

“Oh, so you call me, ‘Lou’ now, huh?” Louis leans against the door, locking it behind him as he flicks his buttons one by one. “Where did the whole ‘Your Majesty’ go?” When he was done, he hastily slips it to his shoulders, throwing it to his side and starts unbuckling his belt.

Still, Zayn didn’t move a muscle from where he was standing. He was just there, watching as Louis strips in front of him until he was left with nothing. Louis feels uncomfortable, but he didn’t let it show. He’ll have to show to Zayn who’s the one in control of things here.

“Lou, please. Get dressed.” Zayn takes two steps closer and bends down, reaching for his pants and that was it – he reached his boiling point. Louis slaps Zayn’s hand, releasing the material on from his fingers and quickly puts his hand behind his neck, pulling him close to a deep, rough kiss.

Zayn tries to push him away, his palms on his chest, but Louis has no plans of letting him go – not tonight, not after all the things Zayn made him feel.

Louis grabs a fistful of Zayn’s hair, slightly tugging to the side to give him a deeper access to his mouth, and it was all he needed to do to feel Zayn’s force on his body lightened until it became nothing but fingers digging on his back,