aren’t we taking it off?” Liam questioned.

“Because it has a padlock, guys! And since Lou was forced to wear it, it means that he doesn’t have the key! Now, can we put him in the shower, ‘cause he’s still burning up, ya know!” Zayn yelled.

“Right.” Niall helped Zayn get a still unconscious Louis into the freezing shower.

“I’ve got a thermometer.” Liam offered.

“Take his temperature, Li.” Harry ordered, his eyes still on Louis.

Liam was clearly displeased, but for the sake of their sick bandmate, he swallowed his displeasure and went to do as Harry said.

A few minutes later, Louis hadn’t shown any change. Liam took out the thermometer and gulped nervously.

“How is he?” Niall asked.

“He’s... his temperature is, like 105 degrees Fahrenheit.” Liam said haltingly.

An uneasy silence fell upon the room. In the band’s history, none of them had ever gotten a fever so high it was above 100 degrees Fahrenheit.

The silence was soon broken by a soft moan from the shower, making everyone jump and turn to face Louis. His eyes were flickering weakly, and he was struggling to get out of the shower. Seemed like the cold water finally had an effect on Louis.

“Lou, here, I’ll get you out.” Niall reached for Louis—and froze. In the bright light, he could see that the water had turned brown, and Louis’s hair was no longer a caramel brown. Instead, it was a beautiful golden brown lighter than Liam’s and Harry’s. His eyes, too—they were now a mystical lake blue with hints of green and black, instead of the cerulean blue that was mirrored on Niall’s face. The whole combination suited Louis even better—the wings, hair color and eye color. He looked... perfect.

It was apparent that Zayn, Liam and Harry had seen Louis too, from the gasps that came from behind.

Niall ignored everything and put his arms around Louis’s waist, his hands touching the edge of Lou’s wings—dark blue tipped with silver and gold.

After getting Louis out, Harry dressed him in comfy pajamas, then put him in bed. By then, Louis had already become a dead weight.

The four of them sat around the Doncaster boy—no, angel and looked at each other with identical shocked expressions.

So guys, for reference, the hair dye used by Louis in the story is not permanent. I don't know if non-permanent hair dye exists... if it doesn't, well, just assume I made it up.

Oh, BTW, it can be washed away by water! *wink, wink* *clears throat*

 

Comment and leave kudos~Thx for all the people who already left comments and kudos~ XDXD

WARNING: mentions of abuse 

and... this chapter contains Louis's past, so proceed with care...


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

After a while, Liam broke the silence. “So... what are we going to do about it?”

 

“Um...” Niall trailed off.

 

Harry suddenly looked up. “We could search the Internet!”

 

“For what?” Zayn asked curiously.

 

“Well, we could search about Angels first, then about harnesses, then lastly why Angels would wear harnesses.” Harry suggested.

 

“That’s actually quite good. But we’ve got to take off Louis’s harness first.” Liam decided.

 

As it turned out, getting the harness off was easier than they thought. All it took was a hairpin (Zayn flushed and said it was Perrie’s) and a bit of wiggling around, and ta-da! The lock was off.

 

“God!” It was out before anyone could say anything. Because where the harness had been, the skin was red and bleeding. Liam gasped and inspected the harness. The inside was bloody.

 

“There’s these horrible metal curved hooks. They’re really sharp, must be these digging into Louis’s skin.” Liam reported.

 

Harry had a bottle of antiseptic cream beside him the whole time. He quickly smeared some on the red skin, all the while thinking about how much it had hurt Louis. It made him see red.

 

“Lou?” Niall asked quietly. The others turned around to see Louis blinking his incredibly beautiful eyes in confusion. His eyes landed on the harness in Liam’s hands, and something must have clicked, because he stared at them with fear and got off the bed, the blankets falling to the floor. However, he forgot that he was still sick, and therefore he felt really dizzy when his feet hit the ground. He almost collapsed, if Niall hadn’t caught him. Looking up at blue eyes that no longer mirrored his own, his mind was only repeating the same thought over and over again.

 


“TheyknowTheyknowTheyknowTheyknowTheyknowTheyknowTheyknowTheyknowTheyknowTheyknow”


 

“Lou? Louis?”

 

in his numb state, he barely registered when he had