smiled and stroked Castiel's cheek gently, "Don't worry about it, Cas. I'll think of something."

Cas' brow furrowed as he watched Dean pull on shoes, "That's what I'm worried about… Sam's not easy to talk to, especially when you're the one he's mad at."

"Well after what dad said to him I don't imagine he'll feel like talking much to dad either, so I'm going."

"I could go-"

"No," Dean shook his head, "You're pissed with me too and I'm sure you guys want to bad-mouth me together but that can wait. Right now it's late and Sam could be just about anywhere, I'll find him so stay put."

Cas sighed and walked back to the kitchen, "Whatever."

"Be right back." Dean pulled his phone out as he walked toward his car, Sam's number already ringing away.

"…Hello." Sam answered after a long wait, his tone sharp; clearly he was still pretty angry.

"Sam, where are you?" Dean cut right to it.

"And why the fuck should I tell you!" Sam snapped, "What does it matter to any of you where I am?"

"Sam, don't be like that."

"And another thing, stop saying 'Sam' in front of everything, it doesn't make me want to listen to you any more."

"Okay, I get that you hate me and I deserve it. But you shouldn't get yourself hurt over this."

Sam laughed, a bitter, uncomfortable sound. "I think getting hurt is the best plan I've heard yet."

"Don't! What would it prove?" Dean hopped into his car, "Just tell me where you are, I'll come get you."

"Mom and dad always think 'perfect little Sammy', doesn't get into trouble and sticks to his books. Everyone thinks that. Sam's fine on his own, no need to worry about him. Sam's strong enough; he can handle it on his own. Sam doesn't need our attention because he's doing fine all by himself." He inhaled shakily; another laugh followed closely behind, though this time it faltered at the end and trailed into a whimper.

"Calm down, okay? What are you so shaken up about? Mom and dad love you…" Dean stopped for a moment, "You're upset because they didn't- they don't give you enough attention?"

Sam was quiet on the other end.

"It's because they keep calling you home because they're worried about your grades but not you. How much of this have you had to do on your own? The stranded because of jackasses, the being dumped because you have standards?"

"…Pretty much all of it." Sam sighed, sirens sounded distant in his background. "Dad wondered why I couldn't hold down a relationship, he's not exactly a supportive kind of person. Mom just… said what she thought I wanted to hear. I didn't call them or tell them about any of the times I was kicked to the curb… It's always been about Cas."

"I thought they didn't care so much about what happened with Cas?" Dean asked, a little confused.

"They've always cared what happens with Cas. He's sensitive; he needs more attention more often than I do. Squeaky wheel gets the grease, and all that… I mean, how many people has he slept with? Too many for me to even want to ask him… But it's because he's been looking for something, someone to really care for him. I mean our family has done a lot for him but he needs someone to love him like a partner, and take care of him. I'm just…" Dean heard a few more sounds he couldn't quite identify on Sam's end. "I'm just not like that. And because I'm not mom and dad are in the habit of just thinking 'Sam can handle it' without really asking me."

Dean sat in silence for a moment, thinking it over. "And you want to get hurt because if you show them that you aren't perfect or that you need looking after too they might start paying attention again?"

"Sounds stupid when you put it like that…"

"It is, kind of. Have you tried talking to them?"

"Don't you think someone like me would? Of course I did."

Dean waited for a moment, "And?"

"And dad responded with more rules while mom did her best to treat me like I was five! I didn't want to be treated like a kid but they didn't get it…" Sam growled in frustration,"So maybe they'll stop and wonder 'where did we go wrong with