Touch me then."

"Yeah?" Harry asked, receiving a nod from Louis.

He closed the gap between them, resting his lips on Louis' one more time, pressing their bodies together chest to chest. The gentle kiss soon turned into a heated snog, teeth clacking and warm tongues mashing against each other. Louis' legs were trembling lightly, the anticipation almost killing him.

Soon Harry's hand was on Louis' groin again, making the smaller boy hiss in surprise. He could feel himself getting hard, the excitement filling him like boiling water. He gripped Harry's biceps tightly, making the boy pull apart with furrowed eyebrows.

"You okay baby?" Harry asked, his eyes full with something like concern.

"Yeah." Louis nodded, biting his bottom lip. "I'm just- Just touch me, Harry."

"Shh." Harry said, rubbing his nose against Louis' softly, caressing his cheeks. "Calm down, baby. We'll get there."

He places his hand on the hem of Louis' shirt, lifting it a little. Louis nods at him, giving him permission to take the shirt all the way up, until he can see Louis' golden chest in the dark room. He places his hand on his tummy again, making Louis' cheeks turn pink.

"I love your tummy, it's so soft." Harry said, smiling at him sweetly.

"I hate my tummy." Louis groaned.

"How can you say something like that?" Harry whispered, faking an insulted face. He kept his hand placed on Louis' belly as he leaned down to kiss his cheek, and then his chest. He placed kisses all over Louis' bare skin, savouring the soft hums leaving Louis' pretty lips. He placed his hand on the top of Harry's head, focusing on the feeling of his smooth lips against his skin.

"You're so beautiful Louis." Harry said, kissing down his belly gently, his hand still petting his tummy. "I love you."

"I love you." Louis whispered, his eyes still closed.

Harry slid both his hands to Louis' sweatpants, sliding it down Louis' thighs. His breath caught as more of Louis' golden skin was revealed, his green eyes wide and glued on Louis' body. He almost gasped when he saw the outline of Louis cock trapped inside his pants, completely hard. Suddenly his hands were aching to touch him.

"God, Lou. You're gorgeous." Harry said to him, throwing his sweatpants to the floor.

"I feel exposed." Louis whispered, looking at Harry with insecurity in his eyes. "Can you take your clothes off too? Please?"

Harry didn't need to be told twice. He smiled at Louis as he started to take his shirt off, which got him a tiny smile of approval. Louis was amazed by Harry's fit body, his four nipples looking less funny tonight. Then he was sliding his trousers down too, standing there over Louis' body only wearing his briefs. Louis reached to slide his hands through his chest, smiling at his beautiful boyfriend.

"Better?" Harry asked, his breath ghosting on Louis' face.

Louis could only manage to nod before they began kissing again, their hands doing what words couldn't, both of them gripping each other's hips and dragging their nails across their bodies. It was almost desperate, both of them rubbing their skin on each other like they wanted to become one.

They stayed like this for a while until Harry placed his hand on Louis' still clothed cock, hard as ever. He gasped into Harry's mouth, blue sparkling at green as they exchanged the most meaningful of looks.

"You sure?" Harry asked, touching Louis through the fabric.

"Yeah." Louis said, looking down at where Harry's hand was touching him. "What are you going to do?"

"I want to suck you." The words came out of Harry's mouth before he could even think about it, earning wide eyes from Louis.

"You've never done it before." Louis said, unsure.

"I've- Hm, watched videos, you know? I think I can manage." Harry kissed his cheeks, squeezing Louis' cock lightly earning a soft gasp from the boy. "Besides, I want to."

"You sure?" It was Louis' turn to ask, looking at Harry with glassy eyes.

"I want it." Harry said again. "I really want it. I want you, Louis. It'll be okay."

Louis only nodded, closing his eyes as Harry started to slide his pants away from his body, feeling the cold air of the night on his hard member.

"Just relax, okay?" Harry whispered to him one more time, earning another nod before he touched Louis' cock for the first time.

Louis moaned at the touch, the feeling of Harry's big hand on his cock almost making him come right there. His hand was warm and gentle, holding the