?" Niall asked the both of us. I looked skeptically at the table covered in bottles full of clear and amber liquids and the keg sitting off to the side. Liam grabbed a cup from the stack, "Just a coke please" he said. Niall scoffed. "right. A coke." he laughed as he reached for a bottle that said 'Smirnoff' and poured some into 2 cups and handed one to each of us. I brought mine to my lips and took a small sip and recoiled instantly. Niall just laughed again and under Niall's watchful gaze I watched Liam hesitantly take a sip and try and stifle his distaste for the strong alcohol. It was embarrassing ,really, how much Liam wanted to be a part of their circle. But how could I blame him. I understand wanting to fit in and be liked.

--

1 hour in and both Liam and I were on our second cup after weakening down our first with some added lemonade. I had never had alcohol before apart from a wine at family dinners and I was starting to see why people liked it. I felt blurry round the edges, like the alcohol gave me a coat of Armour and made me braver, more confident. However when Louis came up to me and passed me what I assume was pot, I was still myself enough to smile politely but quickly pass it on to the next person which happened to be Liam. Liam declined but Louis was not having any of that. "c'mon payno, don't nerd out on us now." holding it out expectantly towards Liam. Liam brought the joint to his lips and took a small breath then started coughing violently as Louis just laughed but took his weed back.

From the other side of the garden I heard the unmissable Irish shout "Oi everyone, let's play a game, yeah?" Cheers of agreement echoed everywhere and Niall sauntered his way over with Zayn, another football player and fellow popular jock from our school. I glanced over at Liam and could see him looking very interested in his shoes. I couldn't even count the number of times Liam has told me he would "do" Zayn, big talk from someone who had never even made out with a guy before. I nudged him with my elbow and gave him a reassuring smile and he leaned into my side as if to say thanks. "well well well look at these two lovebirds!" Niall joked and the people immediately surrounding us laughed. I knew both me and Liam had matching pink spots on our cheeks. "we're just, um , just friends" Liam stumbled his words in a rush to get them out. People always assumed 'the two nerds of the school' were dating and the fact that we were best friends just added to the speculations. Little did they know Liam was gay. 

Louis being the mischievous character that he was wouldn't just let it slide though. Of course not. "You know Niall if I didn't know any better I'd say they had the hots for each other." he jeered. Niall,Louis and Zayn took a few steps closer to us, as did the rest of the people around us- effectively encircling us. 

Liam looked at me, as if he expected me to wave my magic wand and get us out of here. Well I'm not one to say I told you so but...I did warn him. "You know what game I've always loved ,Louis?""Gee I don't know Niall, please do enlighten me!" Louis exclaimed with mock innocence. That prick. I knew the only reason they invited us here was to embarrass us. As if they didn't do it enough at school!"I really love truth and dare." Niall said looking me right in the eyes. I swear my heart stopped beating. Not only was this fucker attractive but he knows how to play games. He knows he can get anyone to do anything. And that's a terrifying thought.

I could feel Liam's fear radiating out of him so strongly that it was almost knocking me over. I grabbed his hand that was inches away from mine and interlocked our fingers. All for one and one for all.Niall let out a guffaw , "hey everyone , Alice is protecting her weak boyfriend Liam!" He taunted and I saw Zayn laughing along. Laughing at Liam. I squeezed his hand even harder. 

Louis put his pointer finger to his chin as he created a big act of pretending to think of a dare for us to do, even though this was their twisted little plan all along. "I dare you guys..." Louis started , "...to make out right now." I could have sworn Liam had turned into a tomato based on the redness of his neck and cheeks. I knew Liam didn't want to do it, he was gay for crying out loud! "Niall stop, you've had your fun now just leave us alone, come on Liam." I said sounding a lot braver than I felt and I made to step between Niall and Zayn to get out of