lot less than a hundred miles of hollow telephone wire between them. She shapes wishes with her lips, and knows better than to say any of them out loud. It's not fair to be wishing for Faith (even if it's not cheating. Not anymore.)

"My time's up," Faith says, but the dead air lingers between them. Goodbye's another word Faith never wants to hear. Tara's tongue feels weighed down by words. She's still thinking of something to say when the dial tone sounds in her ear.

 

***

 

"Nice ride," Faith says.

"It's Mr. Giles' car." Tara opens the trunk for Faith to toss her canvas duffle in.

"I always knew he was cooler than he pretended," Faith says. "Tweed, my ass."

They're both being careful with each other's space. Faith seems pressed in on all sides. Maybe she's still inside the prison's walls. Tara feels wider than the desert, as if her spirit is tugging its way loose from her body. The wind whips sand around them, and Tara thinks again of a dream she's not sure she ever had.

"Actually, he, uh, looks very nice in oxford shirts," she says. He does, and she blushes to think that she noticed.

Faith grins at her--really, truly smiles--and swings into the passenger seat. "Tara, you dog," she laughs. "I never knew."

Tara shakes her head, looking away before she smiles back. "I'm just--" She stops, not sure how to finish the sentence. Something about the way Willow looks at her, as the only, the essential. (But not always as Tara.)

"Hey, you're not just anything," Faith says. "I know." She leans her elbow out the open window and stares out. Tara eases them out of the parking lot and on to the highway. After a moment, Faith says, "Let's take the top down, huh?"

Tara's driven this way before, and she could tell Faith about the grit and the sand and the dust. Instead, she presses the button. The canvas top folds back above them. The wind tugs their hair into stinging veils between them. For once, Tara's not sure she likes how easy it is to hide.

 

***

 

Tara's studio is no smaller than her dorm room was, but she's been spoiled by the openness of Buffy's house, and by the closeness of living with Willow. There, she'd allowed herself the luxury of spreading herself out, of making the house hers. She set out sachets of pot pourri, aura crystals among the knickknacks, and draped her clothes carelessly over hooks in the bathroom, baskets in the basement. She thrilled at each bit of evidence that she lived there, because she chose to.

When Faith walks two steps in her door, lets her duffle slide to the floor, and says, "Nice place," all Tara can see are the ways it isn't home.

Her heart thuds painfully in her throat. She's unpacked because she can't live as if there's a chance Willow will change. She keeps the boxes because she can't live as if there isn't hope. "It's, it isn't, not really."

Faith glances at her over her shoulder. "I wasn't going to say it if you didn't." She kicks off her boots and sits on the bed. Miss Kitty uncurls and picks her way across the comforter, her tail poker-straight, and sniffs delicately at Faith's hip. Faith scoops her up and cuddles her.

"I, um." Tara blinks and looks down. Miss Kitty usually scrambles away from strangers trying to hold her. "Do you want--"

She's thinking of offering tea, or a shower, or simply, time. Faith looks like she needs it. Tiredness shows around her eyes and she's thinner than she should be. She burrows her face into Miss Kitty's ruff, as if they both need the contact. She doesn't take up as much space as Tara expected. In this room, maybe they're both holding themselves back.

"Do you want to go out?" Tara asks, suddenly.

Faith laughs, and Miss Kitty lunges away from her like she was spring-loaded. "They don't know you at all, do they?"

Tara understands exactly who Faith means by 'they'. Letters and phone calls and visits, and Faith's never been stupid. Tara shrugs, and smiles. "I want to do something fun."

It's really, truly not cheating. Not anymore.

 

***

 

"You're like a, a tapeworm," Tara says, making a tower out of empty shot glasses.

"You're comparing me to an intestinal parasite?" Faith doesn't seem drunk at all. She probably isn't