to happen next. A slew of curses and insults rested on the tip of his tongue but were caught in his throat when he remembered the situation he was in. No, John’s life was riding on this. If it had been anyone else, he would have left without a second though but this wasn’t just anyone. His best friend was at stake, the only person who dealt with him with boundless patience, the only one who cared for him the way he was, the only one he—

“I’m waiting~”

Begrudgingly, Sherlock sank to his knees and glared up at his nemesis with utter loathing. His eyes were aglow with rage as he silently told himself that he would make Jim pay for this humiliation. The moment John was safe with him, he would hunt down this man and degrade him, humiliate him until he cried to be put out of his misery.

The sound of metal clinked, ringing out as clear as a bell. The teeth of the zipper came next, slowly coming undone.

“Your time to shine, darling.”

Such endearments made Sherlock’s skin crawl. Shifting a little on his knees, he kept his eyes low and once more reminded himself that this was all for John’s sake. All for John’s sake. He tipped his head forward and lifted his hands, pulling out the half-erect dick and did his best to repress the shudder of repulsion. This psychopath was enjoying this far too much.

Feeling the expectant gaze from above, Sherlock tugged swiftly, intending to get this done as quickly as he could. He heard a grunt from above and repeated the action once more.

“Steady, if you’re too eager, I might not be able to tell you about your dear doctor.”

Sherlock’s hand stilled and he hissed quietly. His sharp tugs slowed into long strokes, carefully working the man to fullness. His hand fell from the soft flesh, his fingertips skirted over the shaft before grabbing it once more to allow his thumb to swipe the leaking tip. And to think, his first sexual encounter would be with this foul, slimy creature. It was almost enough to make him cry out in indignation. 

“E-enough teasing, get on with it,” Jim muttered with a slight shift of the hips.

Sherlock leaned forward, opening his mouth wide so he could suckle the tip, one hand holding the length steady as he did; the other rested on Jim’s hip. He tongued the slit, doing his best not to gag at the salty liquid that assaulted his taste buds. Breathing through his nose was an issue, how would he do so when he knew he would just be breathing in musk and sweat? The last thing he wanted was to be reminded of what he was doing.

He took the arousal further into his mouth and heard a whine of approval. A hand fell to grasp the back of his head, clutching at the locks to push him further down. Sherlock refused to yield. If he was doing this, then he would do this at his own pace and no one else’s. He needed at least some degree of control.

His lips continued their descent along the shaft, only reaching about half way before his gag reflexes kicked in. He had reached his limit. Fine, he’d work with what he had. The pull back was slow and torturous. Tonguing the underside of the cock, Sherlock was delighted to feel the tremble beneath his fingertips. Jim was losing composure? Good, that was some minor victory. The hand that rested at the base of the cock began to pull, working in tandem with his tongue; a sharp suck here, a languid lick there, it wouldn’t be long before Jim completely came undone. He hollowed his cheeks, sucking tightly, vindictively. The end was soon.

However, he was unprepared for what Jim did next. 

Both hands flew to the back of his head and without warning, the insistent hands forcefully pushed down.

Sherlock’s eyes widened and his throat burned. Tears sprang to his eyes and he did his best to pull back before he threw up, the firm hands remained and before Sherlock had a chance to gather his wits, Jim’s hips began to thrust. Slow at first, but gradually building up speed and momentum before finally, he was relentlessly fucking his mouth. It took all of Sherlock’s will not to bite down, not to choke. 

Breathe, he needed to breathe, but how could he when all his senses were being assaulted so violently? He couldn’t inhale without smelling him, he couldn’t swallow without choking on that hard length of flesh. Saliva dribbled down the corner of his lips. Oh God, he needed this to be over, he needed to find John. Yes, John would make him forget all about this, John would stay with him despite this horrific—

Semen exploded into the back of his throat and this time, Sherlock did choke. The hands stilled for all but two seconds before falling down to Jim’s sides, Sherlock grabbed the opportunity