pulsing undulations, and even as Rumlow got harder, longer and thicker, he just took it, all of it, even when it reached the back of his throat.

“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Rumlow grumbled. Steve wasn’t even blushing. He didn’t seem to need air. Rumlow decided to test that, making a fist in Steve’s short blond hair, grabbing his neck, and starting to fuck his face. The rougher he got, the angrier he was. Steve wasn’t even breaking a sweat. He was drooling, sure, but that was helpful, and his tongue was still moving. He lasted all of seven minutes before he shot off in Steve’s mouth, the head of his cock wedged so deep in Steve’s throat that he ought to have coughed, choked or drowned on it.

He swallowed. It barely made a sound. Rumlow pulled his dick out and slapped him in the face.

“Yeah, okay,” he huffed. “See how long you can keep that up.”

Steve’s shoulders shook again, a little longer this time. Rumlow frowned harder. Something wasn’t right.

He shifted out of the way and dropped back to watch. The next agent was already hard, and he didn’t even bother with a show. He cracked his big hand across Steve’s face so his jaw dropped open, grabbed him by the hair and started savaging him right away. Within a minute and a half, the grunts of effort and irritation had turned to startled sounds of pleasure, and he finished up even faster than Rumlow had.

“What was that, six?” Steve asked, his voice barely any more hoarse than when he’d begun. “Huh. Pretty quick.”

The Hydra agent, flustered, backhanded him again before being shoved out of the way by the next guy.

“You want somebody to go a little longer?” he said, trying to menace Steve with his big shoulders and long, throbbing dick. “Let’s go for a ride, Captain.”

After three minutes, it got wet, sloppy and obscenely loud. They could see Steve’s adam’s apple bobbing with effort, his pink lips starting to get a little swollen, his eyes, startlingly, partially open. When the guy only lasted about a minute longer than Rumlow, somebody snickered.

Steve’s shoulders shook in response even as another erection was stuffed into his mouth, this one thicker and contrastingly dark against his fair face. Wide didn’t seem to bother him, either. His lips stretched luridly, taut and strained, but his cheeks and throat were moving and he bobbed his head as best he could until the guy grabbed his head, too.

“I’m on a roll,” Steve muttered, scraping his lips with his teeth. “I’ll bet you a second turn none of you lasts more than nine minutes.”

His shoulders shook even longer when the fifth guy shut him up by stuffing his mouth again.  

The seventh guy pulled out and came on his face. It was the first time they saw him flinch, and even that was somewhat marred by the fact that the flinch came in the form of a startled bark of laughter.

“Christ,” he said, and his voice was finally starting to show some wear. “That’s kinda filthy, isn’t it?”

“Come shots are a thing now,” the eighth guy said, and he used his cock to smear the mess around Steve’s face, holding him still by the hair to do it. “Facials. Maybe we should all do you like that, Cap, since you seem to gulp it down easy enough.”

“Whatever you want,” Steve said, sounding genuinely indifferent, and Rumlow scowled harder, glaring at the two-way mirror. They hadn’t anticipated he’d be able to stand it. He was ninety goddamn years old. He was supposed to be humiliated. He was laughing at them.

After the eleventh guy barely stuck out for seven, Rumlow was feeling too annoyed to even want a second round. Come was dripping down Steve’s cheeks, glistening and getting sticky in his hair. There were even smears of it on his clothes- his jacket was ruined, it was all over his chest and the shoulders, a slowly cooling puddle on his stomach. He wasn’t broken, though, wasn’t even shaken. The quivering shoulders had turned into wheezy, gutteral laughs. They still weren’t in his head at all. Rumlow figured he could change that pretty quick.

“Maybe we should swap in the Asset for the last round,” he suggested. “Since you two seem to have a history.”

The reaction that got was even more unexpected. Steve grinned at Rumlow. It was an ugly smile, frightening and feral, full of such quiet hate and bleakness that it didn’t belong on his wholesome, pretty face, even as brutalized and messy as it was looking at the moment.

“Don’t bother. It’d just be embarrassing for