. You and Genji were close, but not as close as you and his brother. He wished deeply that you would have become close with him instead of Hanzo, although, he's happy to see his brother not be so stoic all the time when he sees you two together. It was nice to see a different side of Hanzo that he doesn't let anyone else see. 

His thoughts were interrupted when he heard your laugh over the sound of the wind. You two weren't that far from him, but from where he was seated, and how the shade and branches shielded you two, he had a hard time seeing you two clearly. There were many trees in the yard, and people walking by would have to be looking for you two in order to see you. Genji also didn't think anyone could see him, since he was higher up and out of the way. If you two were to look up though, you could probably see him pretty well. Though you two seemed pretty interested in each other, so he wasn't worried in the least. 

You were seated in between Hanzo, your back resting against his chest and his hands wrapped around you loosely. Hanzo leaned in to whisper something to you that Genji couldn't hear, but he did hear the small giggle it gave you. Genji was so focused on your smile that he almost didn't notice Hanzo snaking his hands down your work kimono, grabbing it and pulling it up towards him. Genji's eyes opened slightly at the sudden reveal of your legs.


Wow, brother... out here, in the public? You must be pretty bold.


Hanzo's hand started to caress your thigh, and he leaned in again to whisper something- wait, no. Looking closer, Genji noticed Hanzo was actually leaving you kisses along your neck. Genji felt his heart beat quicken a little, afraid of where all this was leading. He felt dirty that he was watching you two like this, especially when you two had no idea. And yet, he dared not look away. Besides, he could always use this against Hanzo in the future. It was always nice to have some blackmail. 

Hanzo's hand gripped your thigh, spreading you out slightly. His hand then traveled inward, caressing over your underwear. The wind was particularly loud now, but maybe it was just because Genji was trying to listen intently on anything you two could have been saying. He looked towards your face to see your reaction to Hanzo, and saw a cute blush covering your face. You were looking at what Hanzo was doing, and your mouth was parted slightly. Genji assumed you were panting a bit. Hanzo's other hand reached up and palmed your breast over your kimono. Genji saw you squirming slightly, and watched one of your hands come up to touch Hanzo's, and guide it under under your kimono to touch your chest properly. Hanzo's hand on your lower area started to rub you gently, and Genji saw you tip your head back, resting on Hanzo's shoulder. 

Genji felt an ounce of shame as he felt his cock twitch slightly. He suddenly felt lewd, watching you two engage like this. Should he leave? He had no business watching you two like this, and felt ashamed as he continued to spy. And yet, he couldn't look away.

Fingers pushed aside your underwear, and as hard as Genji looked, he couldn't see how you looked down there. Hanzo now rubbed you even slower than before, circling your clit at a snails pace. He gave you kisses all along your neck and now exposed shoulder, and you looked to the side, a hand going up to cover your mouth. Hanzo stopped rubbing you to insert a finger in you, and Genji saw your back arch, your free hand digging into the ground beside you. Hanzo placed a kiss against your temple, appeared to say something in your ear, and you turned to gaze him in the eye, removing your hand from your mouth to rub your clit. You rubbed slow as Hanzo added another finger, and proceeded to fuck you slowly.

Genji wasn't sure when pulled out his dick and started slowly stroking himself. He's done this same position with women himself, but he's never done something like this out in public, and definitely never had his brother spying on him as he did so. Watching you two like this was so strangely erotic to him that he couldn't will himself to look away. He was thankful he was so far away, so you two couldn't hear the pathetic moans he was letting out.

Your kimono was now almost entirely open now, both of your breasts visible for the world to see. Hanzo continued to play with them, rubbing them gently and pinching your nipples every so often. He expertly fingered you, and it made Genji wonder just how many times the two of you had done acts like this. He was going at a slower pace, but you still seemed to enjoy yourself. Genji respected his brother for going slow for