and moaning as how cool and soft they felt against his skin. He sat with his legs bend, spread enough so that he could grind against the mattress, holding the dildo and sweater against his stomach as he closed his eyes and allowed himself to picture Harry underneath him, gripping his waist, urging him on, telling him how pretty he looked and how hard he was going to fuck him. Louis leaned his head back and a shiver ran through his body, his dick so hard he feared it might rip the material and precome started to leak from him already, his belly burning.

Louis scrambled off the bed and was halfway to his room when he heard a noise coming from the laundry room and his knees weakened so fucking much at the sudden thought. He had never pleasured himself out of his bedroom, save for the times he jerked off quickly under a billion sheets in the living room but he knew Harry wasn't going to be home any time soon... just like now. He had enough time to do as he pleased and, fuck, did he want to do this, as weird as it was. He walked slowly towards the laundry room and pressed firm against the spinning washer, sucking in deeply as the hard surface pressed against his throbbing erection. He set the dildo down then climbed on top with ease, sitting for a few minutes and just letting himself feel the spinning underneath him, loving the way it shook his entire body. Louis sat up on his knees and sucked two fingers into his mouth, getting them nice and slick before reaching down to push the lace fabric away from his hole and dipping the digits inside of him easily. He moaned loudly, the washer drowning out the sounds as it continued its cycle, not bothered being used by the horny bastard sitting on top of it ready to fuck himself raw. Louis added a third finger, but could only manage with it for a few minutes before positioning himself over the dildo and slowly sinking himself down onto the hard rubber material. He closed his eyes and whimpered softly as he gripped his thighs, the sensations of the dildo inside of him as well as the washer spinning ruthlessly making his insides turn into jello and every nerve ending in his body felt as if it were being set on fire.

Hair matted against his face as he began to roll his hips slowly, the toy easing in and out of him, curving to his walls as he clenched around it desperately. His breaths came out in heavy pants mixed in with weak moans here and there that became full blown grunts and groans when he palmed himself through the thin material. "Oh, G-God, please.." He begged pathetically, his hips picking up speed and he was fifty percent sure now that the washer was moving heavily because of his frantic thrusts, the dildo continuously grazing against his sweet spot and he wasn't able to make it hit directly. He was becoming frustrated, leaning forward and grabbing the edge of the washer as he thrust back against the toy, but it only strayed it further away from that bundle of nerves within him. "Fucking hell.." He cried and punched the stainless steel, sitting up and letting his breathing regulate, wiping sweat from his forehead and the back of his neck. Once he was calm again, he adjusted the dildo slightly, guiding it towards that aching spot in the center of him and his body shook as the tip grazed against it heavily. "Y-yes.. yes.." He groaned and rolled his hips at the contact, hitting his prostate dead on and in no time was fucking the dildo to get the full assault, rubbing himself hard through the panties and it felt like a goddamn eternity until he came, hot come staining the black material and he knew he'd have to throw them in the wash now when he was done with them if he was going to get away with this.

But then again, Louis' never really had any luck with getting away with doing things he wasn't supposed to be doing.

"Did you enjoy that?"

Louis' whole body jerked at the deep, gruff sound of Harry's voice that he nearly fell off the washer, dildo being kicked off and rolling down to the carpeted ground as a leg dangled over the side and he had to hold himself up if he didn't want to fall flat on his face. "H-Harry.. y-you.. you're.. n-not supposed to b-be here.."

"And yet I am.. and damn, pretty, did you put on a nice show." Louis beamed bright red and he closed his eyes, wishing, praying to any God that would listen to him right now to make this into a dream, one that he could wake up from and pretend as if it never occurred. But then he opened his eyes, and he saw Harry leaning against the door frame with that fucking smirk on his face and lust blown eyes and Louis was done for. He was fucking done for.

Louis literally melted, sliding off the washer and sinking into the floor, wishing it would swallow him whole and save him from the