"Which one?"

"The first one." Levi looked up at him.

Erwin's eyes widened, then he smirked, his eyes twinkling. "You really liked them, didn't you." He touched his index to his chin. "Well, there was Auruo, Günther, Erd, and Petra. Günther had short black hair, pulled back in a pointed hairstyle, and dark olive skin. You picked him for his reasoning skills and ability to lead. Erd was more mellow, a softer kind of guy, and he had long blonde hair he kept in a ponytail, or a bun, whichever suited him better for the task. I didn't know him well, but he was exceedingly clever." He sighed a moment, stopping.

"And Petra and Auruo?"

"Petra and Auruo were the best friends of the team, always at evens and odds at the same time. Petra had shoulder length auburn hair, light, almost reddish. She was very trusting, and she played a main role in getting Eren to cooperate with us. Auruo had an undercut like you, but lighter hair. He was tall, almost a foot taller than Petra, and he had this nasty habit of biting his own tongue," he laughed briefly, before his tone grew serious again. "He liked to imitate you I think."

"What happened to them?" Levi asked, although he already knew the answer. It couldn't have been anything different.

"They all died valiantly, fighting the Female, or Annie Leonhart."

His heart sank, the four faces disappearing from his mind again. "What about Mike?"

Erwin patted his hair patiently, repeating himself. "Mike was dirty blonde, and had hair that was cut almost diagonally. He had a little beard and mustache, and he liked to sniff people."

"And the others?"

Erwin sighed, ticking off names on his fingers. "Let's see, there was Sasha," he started, but Levi interrupted.

"Potato girl," Levi joked. "Keith wouldn't shut up about her. I remember that."

"Yeah. You remembered." he said tenderly. "And Connie, shorter than you and had a buzz cut. He helped us figure out the Ragako Village situation. And Reiner Braun alongside Berthold Fübar. Both the Colossal and the Armoured disguised between us. Reiner was highly respected by his teammates. Berthold, not so much, be he was tough as nails when it came down to it."

"Traitors." He scowled into his cloak.

"Then Krista and Ymir, the unlikely couple. The others made fun of Ymir, apparently nicknaming her "Freckled Satan," but she only ever did things to protect Krista Lenz. A work of her own really. And Jean, your personal favourite from his distinguished determination. You remember him, right?"

"No," Levi sighed.

"Undercut like Auruo, but brown hair. Constantly bickering with Eren, until they finally got along after he'd been kidnapped." Erwin didn't speak, but Levi waited for the last three names he knew already.

The silence was impenetrable, and he reached over onto Erwin's left side to squeeze his hand. "It's alright. You don't have to talk about them if you don't want."

"No," Erwin said. "You asked, didn't you?" The retaliation in his voice was bitter, though Levi understood it wasn't for him. "Finally, Armin Arlert, Mikasa Ackerman, and Eren Jaeger." His voice quavered. "Armin Arlert was the most intelligent man I've ever had the pleasure to have serve under me, the man who devised the plan for the titan's eventual downfall. He was about the same height as you, with shoulder length blonde hair, and a resolve like none other. Loyal to his friends, and dependable, though not the strongest fighter. Mikasa Ackerman however was the second strongest in the whole legion, proving to be worth a hundred or more men. She was Oriental, the last of her kind most likely, and had jet hair a bit like yours used to be." He held up a few strands, then breathed deeply.

"And?"

"And Eren Jaeger, brown cropped hair, bright green eyes. The Rogue Titan Shifter. The one who gave us all hope. Fuelled by purposes unknown to anyone but himself, fought like an animal to the day he died."

Levi didn't speak.

"All of these cadets, and many, many more" he said, not bothered by the tears at the corners of his eyes, "were killed by my stupidity in the final battle when I ordered not to retreat."

"Shh." Levi wiped them away with his thumb. "We all gave too much for this. At least we've given humanity the freedom it once had before." 

"Yeah"

Levi felt like he was growing young again, he forgot what he was living right now, and fell into a hazy daydream as he clung to Erwin desperately. It was too much, the guilt and the recollection