with my parents? School? Everything else??”

Wait then. Did he have both Akashis since they were switched? Or did he have one… Akashi’s eyes were mismatched when he was his other side and crimson when he was another… but since they were switched, those eyes were now in his body… sort of… but why did the eye color carry over if it was just personalities? Maybe because there were two Akashis and they… what… Kouki found his mind spinning. He couldn’t even make sense of what was going on, why would he make this more complicated?

All he knew was that he and Akashi were switched. He was in Akashi’s body and Akashi was in his.

There was absolutely no way this was going to end well, if it ended at all.

The night could have gone a lot better, but when it came down to everything, it wasn’t that bad.

After Akashi had assured him irascibly for the tenth time that he’d be fine at his school but he wasn’t too fond of going to Kouki’s, they had parted for their new destinations. Akashi back to his house, and him to the train to Kyoto. With how long the trip would take, he was wondering if the effects would wear off by then and they would return to their proper bodies.

But that was naive.  

Kouki had made certain he had arrived at the dorms as late as possible, in hopes of avoiding any people Akashi associated with. When he entered the common room, to his delight he found it vacant. Now he needed to hurry up the steps and get into Akashi’s room before anyone took notice.

All had been going smoothly, and he was halfway up the staircase when a familiar, extremely familiar voice halted him in his tracks.

From there, it went on with Reo questioning where he had been, to Kouki accidentally calling him Mibuchi-san, to Reo staring at his eyes to notice if they were crimson instead of the usual mismatched ones, to discovering they were only one color.

At least he had that excuse to cover up his slipup.

When he awoke in the morning, he was disappointed to find he was still at Rakuzan, and even worse, still not in his own body. After having to cough up the excuse last night he was under the weather and that was the reason for his erratic behavior, Kouki knew he could only pull that off for so long. And now Reo would be on his case until he somehow sorted himself out.

If he ever sorted himself out.

By the many stares he was receiving, Kouki could only assume he had entered the common room later than Akashi usually did. His lover was an early-riser, but he figured the later he arrived, less people would be around. Thankfully it was only Akashi’s close bunch, and no one else lingering about.

Yet that was enough to spike his anxiety.

“Sei-chan!” Reo rushed over to him. “Are you feeling any better? You weren’t yourself at all last night.”

Kouki tried not to cringe when Reo surveyed his features. Of course he wasn’t himself. That’s because his self was eight hours away and he wasn’t the one in charge of it!  

“Ah, Reo!” Damnit! He did it again! Wasn’t he supposed to call him his surname in this form? “I mean, Mibuchi. I’m afraid I’m still a bit under the weather.”

Was he making the expression Akashi usually did? Did his tone sound the way he did? How was he supposed to know? He only saw that face… the face he was currently in control of... and heard that voice thousands of times.

Reo was frowning.

Nope, not convincing at all.

“Sei-chan,” he chided, hands on hips, “Are you nervous about today?”

Nervous? What did he have to be nervous about? He and his lover had switched places, and he had to somehow pretend he was Akashi while not revealing what was truly transpiring. Nope, absolutely nothing to be nervous about!

“What would I be nervous over, Mibuchi?” He cleared his throat, hoping he was portraying the fabricated illness well. “I’m sure whatever this is will soon pass.”

Yeah, right. If only fate was that sweet to him, for if she was, he wouldn’t be in this situation in the first place. But of course, it had to add more misery on when he noticed the response didn’t ease Mibuchi.

“I meant about later on.” Reo’s vivid orbs flashed with concern. “Are you going to be well for the game today?”

And that was when Furihata Kouki was sure his heart had stopped.

Vaguely he could recall Seijuro speaking about it a few days ago. With how he was describing it, he – as he always did- didn’t see the opposing team as a worthy opponent. Really, it wasn’t much of a surprise… actually, it was not to