The first round was in Louis, all of them started with a beer, just to get in the mood, the second round was on Niall so the drinks get stronger.

 In the four round Zayn was a little dizzy and giggling for all the things that they were saying.

 “Do you want to dance with me?” Liam ask him in a whisper against his ear, if Zayn were a little less drunk he would say no, but he was a little drunk so he just think Fuck this.

They get up hand in hand and walked towards the crown and the dance floor, the song was some electronic hit with a good rhyme so they started dancing along with the music, when the music change to Magic’s new song Rude Liam hug Zayn from behind and start to sing the song in his ear really slowly and softly “Marry that boy, I gonna marry him anyway” Zayn was happy, with this boy and with his amazing friends, he was with his eyes closed and relaxing against Liam’s strong chest and feeling the music, when he open his eyes he see Harry and Louis making out in the middle of the dance floor, disgusting with their tongues all over the other face, ignoring everything and everyone. Niall was dancing with Barbara, their foreheads pressed together and his big hands in Barbara little waist and stealing kisses from her.

Yeah Zayn doesn’t want this night to finish.

 When they went back to their hotel room, they may or may not have waked up the other guests, because they were too drunk to give a fuck with the noise they were making when they went back, when the six are in the room each one of them wish’em good night and when to sleep.


 We drove to Cali and got drunk on the beach


 The next day Louis and Harry decided to go to the Eifel Tower and have a romantic tour for it and the city.

 Niall and Barbara go to the restaurant and then they’ll go to do some shopping.

Zayn and Liam decided to go the beach to have some fun in the beach.

When Liam and Zayn arrive to the beach, it was a little desert, no people around so they look for a lonely spot near to the beach where they could’ve had a privacy and fun at the same time. They pack to have a picnic in the beach with some beers, so they won’t be starving when they come back to the hotel.


 



 



 



 



You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream 



The way you turn me on,



 I can't sleep let’s run away



 And don't ever look back



 Don't ever look back


 Liam was surfing while Zayn was reading a book in the beach, relaxing and taking some sun for his already tan skin. He was wearing his glasses, they are more comfortable and Liam thinks that he look so sexy, so he likes to use them, When Liam was walking for the sand and letting his feet’s marks, he was and Zayn need to touch him so bad he looks like sex on legs, his chest hair wet, his skin looking like gold, he want to touch him, kiss him, and maybe more.

“Did you know that you look extremely hot when you are wet?” Zayn says with a smirk in his lips.

 “Uhmm, Maybe? You always said things like that you to make me blush” Liam answer with blush in his checks and sitting beside Zayn in his towel.

“But is the truth, you look so handsome and flushed for the sun, and you lips look like sin, fuck Liam the things I want to do to you.” Zayn says leading to Liam a bit and kissing his neck with an open mouth “Zayn, Zaaaayn” Liam says with a little moaning “We can do that, we are in the beach for god’s sake, let’s go to the hotel”

“But the others would be there” Zayn say while kissing Liam jaw and his lips softly, he is almost in Liam’s lap.

“We can rent another room c’mon I want you too” Liam says kissing him in the lips and standing up.

“Okay”

 


 I'ma get your heart racing in my skin-tight jeans 



Be your teenage dream tonight 



Let you put your hands on me in my skin-tight jeans



 Be your teenage dream tonight



 


 When they finally got their key to the new room the both of them were so horny and when they were inside they crashed their lips together all teeth and tongue but they didn’t care about it, Liam was pressed between Zayn’s body and the door and Zayn’s hands travel down his body and put them in the hem of Liam’s body lift it up his body, when he got Liam’s middle naked, he starting kissing his neck and slowly he went down toward Liam’s chest kissing his collarbone and his nipples, sucking on them and getting them hard, Liam’s was breathless but he managed to take off Zayn’s shirt exposing his chest and hip tattoos, Liam cup Zayn’s face