, standing next to the board and holding Ozzie's hand to steady him, even though at twelve Ozzie was already two clear handspans taller than him; he remembers remembering that Luke teased him, but not enough to make Ozzie want to give up; and he remembers remembering that at the end Luke had said, I don't know why you're worried, you've got this, and never brought it up again, so that Kev always thought that skateboarding was the one physical activity at which Ozzie was just a natural. Ozzie remembers remembering years upon years of Luke as the infinitely dismissable younger brother that Ozzie had never actually dismissed, the contemporary of Ozzie's obnoxious kid sister that Ozzie had always thought of as a friend; and Ozzie remembers, at that moment, at seventeen, on Kev's patio, thinking: Him, and if Ozzie remembers it for too long it still rips free inside his chest and falls, that sudden and certain knowledge, heavy, sinking through him in waves, like a stone in water.

Him, Ozzie thinks, and folds his elbow up over his eyes, because that's what hurts, that's still what fucking destroys him, that after three years of mistakes and missed connections and horrible choices and fucking funerals, Ozzie's heart still sees Luke, this skinny blond kid who never met a bad decision he didn't want to be his best friend, and whispers: Him. Him. Him.

* * *

On Sunday, Ozzie works first shift; daytime shifts Monday through Thursday; and then on Friday, before he and Harrison go out for another rousing evening breaking up parties and picking up drunks and fuckups, he snags an office shift for Becky, like he's still too young for his badge, because he wants, stupidly, for Angela to be able to go to prom.

Angela cares fuck all about prom and he knows it, but Ozzie went to prom and it was stupid, but he still has the world's awkwardest photo of him and Sandra, standing front to back, in a horrible rented tux and an unflattering blue dress, respectively: Santa Susana High School's Requisite Homosexuals Not Actually Fooling Anyone, Class of 2009. It's framed, sitting on top of his dresser, and it still makes him laugh, even though it makes his chest hurt. He has an actual print album, too, with actual print photos, crammed with all the shots of Kev and Hannah and John and Sandra and Maria and Vincent and Becker and everyone from that last year. He doesn't look at it, because he doesn't actually need to make himself feel bad—most of the time it just happens on its own—but sometimes Hannah will text him from San Diego: do u remember—, and he likes to know that he still has that album for when everything awful inside him subsides enough that he can stand to look at it again.

On Friday, Ozzie goes through his shift with his throat clenched, but Luke doesn't turn up, though it's still not a good night: Ozzie gets puked on by a drunk, and then, later, spends a pretty miserable half-hour on a public disturbance call loudly repeating, "Ma'am, I don't speak Spanish," over and over again, because she's talking way too fast for him to even begin to piece it together. Luke doesn't turn up on Saturday, either, even though they break up a party at Carrie Baker's, and Carrie's been Luke's friend since kindergarten. If I was going to kiss a girl, Luke had told him once, rubbing his hair on Ozzie's pillow, it would be her. But Luke's not at her house, and it's been a long time since Ozzie's Star Wars sheets smelled like watermelon shampoo, and Harrison gives a lot of lectures with "son" and "young lady" in them and Carrie and Nas and Tim and Pete and all the rest of them look at Ozzie like he's turned into an alien, which, maybe he kind of has.

On Sunday Ozzie goes to church, mostly for the quiet.

On Monday afternoon, he's just getting out of the shower when gets a text, r u working, and since it's the first time in quite a while (seven months, three weeks, two days, not that he's counting) that Luke's contacted him without prompting, he doesn't text back. He calls. Luke picks up on the second ring and says, "Hey," and his voice sounds thick, wrong in ways that make Ozzie want to start throwing punches again.

"No," Ozzie says, and Luke says, "What?" and Ozzie says, "I'm not working, I got off at four—I just got out of the shower," and Luke is quiet for just long enough that Ozzie braces himself for the inevitable pairing of an innuendo and an insult, but all Luke says is, "I