fuzz back to its customary blue-black stubble. "Why?" he mouths against Cas's throat while Cas's pulse flutters under his lips, and "Why?" he breathes against Cas's mouth as it opens under his own, wet, and willing, and wanting. "I need you," Dean says against Cas's tongue, as he walks his friend back to the wall. "I meant that."

There is the rustle of fabric shed, the pop and skitter of shirt buttons, the press of flat, hard skin, hands on Dean's back finally, and the diligent brush of lips and curl of tongue. There is a pale pink nipple that swells between Dean's teeth and the sound and shudder Cas makes as the heel of Dean's hand rubs at the bulge in his pants.

"I don't know what I'm doing." Dean bites the words into the ridge of bone that marks the top of Cas's hip while his fingers work at the buckle of Cas's belt. "I don't know where any of this came from."

"What we're doing."

Dean looks up and Cas is staring down, his eyes hazy, his expression amazed even if his voice isn't hesitant and his own fingers are deft as they push Dean's away, pulling the belt open and unzipping his fly. He's rock hard when Dean pulls him out, his cock aggressive as it nudges against Dean's chin, the head swelling up blood-red from a fold of uncut foreskin that feels soft under Dean's fingertips, as soft as the breathy oh Cas sighs out when Dean licks across the crown.

Cas is full and heavy on Dean's tongue, the scent of him musky, the taste of those first drops that bead out of him as bitter as warm beer. The muscle of his thigh tenses and shakes under Dean's free hand, and his fingers clutch convulsively at the nape of Dean's neck as Dean swallows him in deep, as far as the coarse hair at his crotch, so far it makes Dean's eyes water as he fights his gag reflex. It's slick, messy, the smack of Dean's lips as he kisses and suckles is obscene, and he wants so much, wants it all, wants the way his teeth rub and pull at the loose skin of Cas's balls, wants that feeling of smoothness against the pads of his fingertips as they spread saliva up into the crease that leads them all the way to Cas's rim and the muscle that hardly resists as Dean prods his way into heat and tightness, along to a strangled cry he barely registers because Cas is locking up, thrusting hard, flooding warmth into Dean's mouth, and Dean can slake his thirst at last.

Cas is leaning back against the wall when Dean casts his eyes up, his mouth slack and his ribs rising and falling as he pants, and it makes Dean's dick push painfully at the denim of his jeans. He still doesn't understand any of this, has no real idea how they came to be in this moment, but he wants to be in it, maybe more than anything he has ever wanted.

"Cas," he whispers as he pushes up, and Cas nods without opening his eyes.

"The bed," he says as he lurches forward, a hand grasping for his pants to hold them up as he shepherds Dean over there and sits him down.

Cas lets his pants go so they puddle at his ankles, toes off his boots and shrugs off his shirt. He leans to pull at the cotton of Dean's tee as if he undresses Dean every day of his life, and Dean reaches up and lets Cas pull it off over his head, unzips himself and shimmies his jeans and boxers off as if this is their nightly routine. His dick is pointing right at Cas, and Cas gives it a clinical look, as if he's analyzing the precise arrangement of skin over muscle and veins, measuring length, evaluating girth.

Dean feels his cheeks flush hot under his friend's examination, feels suddenly exposed and self-conscious in a way he never has before. "Are you just going to look at it?" he manages, and Cas jumps a little.

"I'm not sure what to do," he says. "I mean – I know what to do. But – I'm not sure what to do."

His brow is furrowed in a thoughtful frown, he's sucking in his bottom lip, and he's still wearing his tie. In that moment he's as human as Dean has ever seen him look, and Dean grins despite himself, finds he's reaching out for the strip of navy-blue fabric and pulling Cas towards him so he can lick his way back into Cas's mouth. "Do you taste yourself on me?" he breathes. "You came in my mouth. Do you taste your come on me? Did you like how it felt to