.

“Come in!” He finally said, sighing.

Jongdae’s face appeared and Chanyeol frowned. It was the first time his step-brother came to see him. He sat up and motioned for him to come towards him. Jongdae didn’t close the door, letting it half open and keeping his distance. Chanyeol didn’t comment on it, getting used to it by now.

“I’m sorry for your father.” Jongdae began.

“It’s not your fault.” He answered with a shrug, not meeting Jongdae’s eyes.

He wasn’t lying, he didn’t blame Jongdae, but a small part of him resented his step-brother for it nonetheless. Not that he would tell him.

“Why did you lie?” He asked suddenly, remembering what Jongdae said to their parents.

Jongdae lowered his head, biting his lips, but didn’t respond. Sighing, Chanyeol let it go and waited for the younger to talk or leave.

“There is something you need to know, about me.” He confessed, playing with his fingers.

Chanyeol perked up at that and looked at him expectantly.

“If I transferred to your school it wasn’t because we started living with you and your dad,” He paused before adding. “Well, not exactly. It was because I was bullied at my old school.”

Chanyeol licked his lips and frowned. Bullied? Jongdae? His step-brother must have seen his confusion because he went on.

“It wasn’t small shoves or insults you know…It was more serious than that. It was…bad. Really bad.” He whispered sadly. “At first I didn’t tell my mother, I didn’t want to worry her, but then I didn’t know what to do anymore. It became too much, I was always humiliated, cursed at, shoved, hit…” He looked up. “…touched.”

Not knowing what to answer to that strange confession, Chanyeol cleared his throat, rubbing the nape of his neck. He was feeling rather uncomfortable with the conversation. He hadn’t seen anyone being bullied before so he never had to think about this kind of thing. Moreover, he wasn’t sure about the meaning behind the “touched” part and the implication scared him a little. “But now, it’s better right? Are you still bullied?”

Jongdae nodded. “Yeah, but that’s nothing…”

“You should stay with me, and my friends, so that no one will bully you.” Chanyeol offered, feeling guilty. He felt stupid not knowing what to say or how to act.

His step-brother offered him a small smile and Chanyeol stared. In the eight months they had known each other it was the first time he saw Jongdae’s smile.  He had a pretty smile, he noted. Shaking his head at the thought, he smiled back.





Chanyeol’s dad tried to talk to him the morning after but Chanyeol avoided him like the plague. He really didn’t want to talk to his father for now. He was still angry at him. How could his father think he would hurt Jongdae?

True to his words, Chanyeol and his friends welcomed Jongdae in their circle and let the younger hang out with them - even if he didn’t really participate in their conversations and didn’t laugh at their jokes.

Jongdae would still jump when someone came too close to him or brushed his arm, and he would feel guilty afterwards, but Chanyeol would grin at him to reassure him, making his step-brother relax instantly.

There was a problem though: Baekhyun loved skinship and couldn’t help but try touching Jongdae like he would with Chanyeol and Jongin. Sometimes he poked him or held his wrist lightly, and if before Jongdae always reacted as if he had been burned, after a while he stopped tensing and looking frightened.

But of course, it was too good to be true. One day, Baekhyun fucked up. He forgot to be careful and ruined everything when he hugged him.

The effect was immediate. Jongdae started to panic, struggling to free himself. He was trembling like a leaf and his face showed that awful terrified expression. It scared the shit out of Chanyeol and all their friends. They had to call the nurse and the director, and Jongdae was sent home.

Jongdae felt really guilty afterwards, he wouldn’t even look Chanyeol in the eyes when he came home and hid in his room, refusing to eat. Finally, Chanyeol decided to bring him something to eat when he refused to come out of his room to join them at diner.

“Jongdae?” He called, knocking softly at his door.

He heard some shuffling and then the door opened. Jongdae looked at him in surprise before letting him in. The younger sat cross-legged on his bed and watched as Chanyeol put the tray of food on the floor before sitting in front of him.

“You should eat.” He advised, worried.

“I’m sorry,” Jongdae whispered. “I didn’t want