smile flickered. “Look, Alan,” he said. “I like you. You seem like a decent guy. A little green around the ears, but a smart guy. So, do yourself a favor: use those smarts, and listen to me. Give up on your dreams. Ruby Cassidy is out of your league, and you are never going to get her. Hell, you’re not going to get within ten feet of her! Because if you do, one of two things are going to happen: 1) Killian Jones is going to beat the ever-loving shit out of you, or 2) Neal Cassidy will.”

“Who’s Neal Cassidy?” Archie frowned.

“Her older brother,” Jefferson said with a grim smile. “He exists outside of the food chain. If there’s anyone in the school you should be more afraid of than Killian Jones, it’s Neal Cassidy.” He clapped a hand on Archie’s shoulders. “So there you go: two compelling reasons to stay as far away from Ruby as possible.”

But those sparkling eyes…that infectious smile…the way she touched his shoulder, and laughed, “Are you okay?” Those were three compelling reasons to get as close to Ruby as possible.

“Damn, he really got you, didn't he?” 

Killian closed his eyes impatiently as Robin Loxley inspected the purpling bruise on his jaw. “It’s not that bad,” he said through gritted teeth.

“Not that bad?” Robin scoffed. “I’m surprised you’re still conscious. Say what you will about him, but Cassidy can throw a mean punch.”

“Yeah, well…” Killian trailed off as he caught sight of a lean, leggy beauty over Robin’s shoulder: Ruby Cassidy, gliding down the hallway like it was a runway. “There’s only one Cassidy I’m really concerned about right now.”

He’d seen and seduced his fair share of beautiful girls, but none compared to Ruby. She had an innocence about her, completely betrayed by those long, lithe legs and bedroom eyes; sensual lips that curled into a come-hither smile; cream-colored skin that begged to be touched… Neal could throw as many punches as he wanted, but there was no way Killian was giving up on Ruby. He’d dealt with plenty of brothers and jealous boyfriends, and if there was ever a girl worth it, it was this one.

He took advantage of her delay from hallway traffic (some ginger nobody, gaping helplessly after her) to rearrange himself against the lockers: arms loosely folded, head back to show off his earring and the scruff along his jaw. A sultry pose, coupled with his signature devil-may-care smirk, was enough to send most girls into flustered giggles, and he was really counting on it having the same on effect on Ruby. 

“…okay,” he heard her laugh as the ginger fumbled for an apology for nearly colliding with her. She moved past him, the brilliant smile still dancing on her face as she continued chattering with the blonde at her side. Killian lifted his chin, silently willing her to look over and notice him watching her. It was the first step in laying the trap: girls loved feeling beautiful; and what better way to make her feel beautiful than special attention from Killian Jones?

“…there’s a difference between ‘like’ and ‘love’,” Ruby was saying emphatically. “Because I like my Sketchers—but I love my Prada backpack.” Her eyes flicked to the side, catching sight of him, and pink tinge rose in her cheeks, her smile becoming a little more uneven. 

Killian grinned, savoring the effect he had on her. Ah, success. 

“Watch and learn, boys,” he said to his cronies, raking a hand through his hair. “Watch. And. Learn.”

Ruby’s head was bent over her locker when he sauntered over; with a flick over her wrist, she swung it up—only to have him slam it shut. She looked briefly startled to see him, his elbow propped against the locker as he leant in, flashing a grin at her—but managed a nervous smile.

“Afternoon, Ruby,” Killian said. “You’re looking lovely, as usual.”

“Um—thanks,” she said, pushing her hair behind her ear. She shifted to balance her stack of books against her hip, eyes looking everywhere but at him. “S-so, uh—was there something you wanted?” 

“Just to say ‘hi’, see how you were doing…” He reached out under the pretense of adjusting her slipping backpack strap, his fingers brushing her skin. A heated glow rose in her cheeks.

“Th-thanks,” she muttered. 

“’Course.” Killian let his fingers linger a bit longer, enjoying the blush creeping up her neck. “That’s a pretty necklace.”

Ruby touched the red pendant at her throat. “It was my mom’s,” she said. “She gave it to me a long time