. He just didn't want to.

"Want something first? 'M pretty sure Lou has one or the other."

Harry shook his head again. "Come on." He kept shaking his head.

"Can I finger you? Rim you?" Harry just shook his head.

"Are you a virgin or something?" Harry shook his head, which made Zayn roll his eyes. He moved his hands to the belt buckle of Harry's jeans, and undid them. Harry watched as Zayn tugged his jeans off his legs, then tugged at his briefs. Harry was still soft; he was busy thinking of things to not get off on. He wasn't going to cave into Zayn, even though he just let him give him a very visible love bite mere seconds ago. "How are you not hard? I'm straining on my zipper." Harry tried to look away when Zayn's cock sprung out, but he couldn't. Zayn took his own length in his hand and started jerking off as Harry watched the precome ooze from his tip. He could feel himself getting a semi, even though he didn't want to. He didn't want to give Zayn the satisfaction.

"C'mon, Haz." Zayn panted, jerking harder.

"Stop." Harry whined, desperate to touch himself, but Zayn smacked his hand away.

"You can't. You said you didn't want this, remember?" Harry nodded, which made Zayn smirk.

"Open your mouth." He tapped his cheek. Harry opened wide, and Zayn stuck his middle digit into it. Harry took the hint and started to suck. Zayn watched him with hungry eyes and pulled his digit out when he thought it was slicked up enough.

He moved his finger around Harry's hole, making him clench around him.

"Zayn." Harry pants when Zayn pushed the tip of his digit in. "Relax." Zayn purred in his ear. He pushed all the way in, and ghosted a touch at Harry's prostate.

"Oh god." Harry mewls, rock hard and fucking himself on Zayn's digit. When Zayn pushed two more digits knuckle deep without warning, Harry groaned and spurted all over his chest.

"Is that your weakness?" Zayn said, pulling out of a whiny Harry.

"No! No, fuck me please." Harry begged, even though he was already done

"You said you did-"

"Please!"

"Beg louder." Zayn smirked, making Harry look around the room.

"Fuck!" Harry screamed when Zayn put his two digits back in him. "Zayn please, I can't just. It's hurts but it hurts so good."

"What hurts?" He says, scissoring his fingers.

"My ass! My ass hurts and I need you!" Harry groaned.

"This is Niall's room. I don't have a condom." Zayn realized, face palming himself.

"What?" Harry panted, obviously frustrated.

"Let me run into the room and-"

"How do you suppose your gonna do that? Walk in front of Perrie with your dick swinging and ask for a condom?!" Harry said, agitated.

"Do you want to get fucked or not? Because I can leave. You want this, don't you?" Zayn said, which made Harry get up. He picked up his briefs and jeans and pulled them back on.

"Where are you going?" Zayn asked, receiving a scoff from Harry.

"You basically called me a slut. I'm not doing you a favor, Zayn. I wanted this. I'm not letting you use me so go fuck Perrie raw and you can make gorgeous babies." He huffed, walking out of Niall's room. Zayn would follow him, but, you know.

*

Zayn tried looking for Harry for a week.

He would show up at his Uni and try to find him through the crowd of people, or he would go to the bookshop he knows Harry goes to. He couldn't find him anywhere.

On Monday of the second week, Harry was working a double shift at the coffee shop when Zayn walked in. He squealed and hid under the table.

"Harry, what are you doing?" Nick, his co worker said, ( and no, not the bartender Nick.)

"Just, cover for me until that guy is gone, please?" Harry begged. "That's Zayn?" He said, doing a once over on the tanned skin lad. Harry nodded, trying not to breathe, afraid Zayn could recognize it.

"Hello, welcome to Bradford Coffee shop. Can I get you anything?" "Um, I'm sorry to bother you but does anyone who goes by the name of Harry work here? I've been to all the coffee shops in this town and this is the last one, I think." Harry could feel his heart melt at that.

"Yes, Harry does work here, but he's not in today." Nick said. Harry glared up at