, with the tired drooping eyes and how small he is in the towel. 

Liam kisses his forehead again, “I believe you.” He whispers, then, taking Zayns chin and cheek in the palm of his hand and gently coaxing him to meet his eyes. “I believe in you.”

 

------------------

 


Ring ring. Ring ring.



“Hello. This is Isabelle Dooley.”


 


“Hi Isabelle, it’s Liam.”


 


“Oh, hi Liam, is everything ok?”


 


“Erm, not really, sorry to call this late – I just got Zayn to sleep but I thought it was important to let you know he relapsed again today.”


 


“Ahh, I see. How bad?”


 


“Not too bad, only five on his arm this time.”


 


“Ok, that’s much better. Progress already.”


 


“Is it?”


 


“Well, it’s not ideal and certainly not what we’re aiming for – but it’s better than say 10 on his arm.”


 


“Oh, I see what you mean now.”


 


“Did you find out whether it was from what we all discussed yesterday?”


 


“No, but I don’t think its unwise to assume that is what triggered him this time.”


 


“Well, new day tomorrow, ready to start again.”


 


“Yeah, positivity and all that.”


 


“Can you please briefly tell me what happened?”


 


“Well I admit it may not have been the best, but basically what happened is that I noticed something on his arm and yanked up the sleeve. I saw of course and asked him what happened – I promise I was a gentle as possible, I didn’t raise my voice or anything – but he panicked anyway and hyperventilated so I just got him to calm down before cleaning his arm and taking him downstairs to get his mind off it. He was obviously tired so I got him up to bed again and now I’m just outside the door looking in.”


 


“Sounds like he had a panic attack, as you know that take out about the same amount of energy a marathon do. Now, it seems they are becoming a common thing so this is what needs to happen from now on when you see him having an attack, I’m almost sure you do a similar thing already but just so you know the best way regardless.”


 


“Ok, I’m listening.”


 


“One, you need to get him to a quieter place if possible. Two, you need to wrap your arms around him tightly, it doesn’t matter from what angle, what matters is you basically give him a tight hug as it triggers a hormone in the brain that will help with calming him down. Not so tight that he may think he’s being restrained, you know what I mean. Just a side-note he may resist it at first but at some point he will relax into you. Next, if you hum or whisper softly, even sing, the vibrations against his body will help drastically with soothing. It follows onto the last thing you must do which is talk to him, talk him through it, tell him it’s ok – just don’t let it be silent in a way that he will over think and go further into the panic. Did you get that ok?”


 


“Yes, yes, I got that alright.”


 


“Ok, great. Are you with him all the time?”


 


“Well if I’m not then one of the boys is.”


 


“What about at night?”


 


“Occasionally.”


 


“Why only occasionally?”


 


“Because he needs space right? And I don’t want to push him or make him uncomfortable by sleeping in the same room as him.”


 


“Does he show obvious discomfort?”


 


“Well, no, he doesn’t but you know how good he is at hiding some things.”


 


“Hmm, yes, but I also think that he feels safer around you, he gets nightmares and you have the ability to help him calm down which reduces his distress. He’s associated you, unconsciously or not with safety and calmness, so if you’re there when he’s feeling uncomfortable, unsafe, vulnerable etc as he would after a nightmare, you being there is beneficial to him in the long term especially. It’s important to remember that, very much like today, if he’s also got a window of opportunity to self-harm he will, and in this mindset I’d be surprised if he didn’t take it.”


 


“Oh, ok, that makes sense.”


 


“It is my professional opinion that you should start sleeping in the same room from now on. Not necessarily in the same bed but definitely within close proximity. That is, as long as he is comfortable.”


 


“Ok, noted, I’ll do that and discuss it with him.”


 


“Excellent, thank you Liam.”


 


“No, thank you Isabelle, you’re an absolute saint.”


 


“I’d argue that you are, good night Liam.”


 


“Good night Isabelle.”


sorry if it seems so quick but lets be real, court scenes