to know how each other work, what each other need and want if we don't communicate, properly." Harry finalized, and they both knew he was right.

"Can we now then? It's so hard when we argue to actually talk properly. We can't. We're too mad." Louis said, and Harry agreed.

"Okay, let's talk then. Did you want to talk here?" Harry asked, looking down at the boy. Louis nodded, but pulled the blanket off of the back of the couch. Harry helped him wrap it around both of their bodies.

"Can I ask you a big question?" Louis asked, looking up innocently at the man, who pursed his lips, then nodded slowly.

"Do you know we're you're going? Do you know where we're going? What's this all for? Do you want a relationship? With me even?" Louis asked, looking down at the blanket.

Harry gently lifted the boy's chin with his finger, the one with the ring of the rose on it. He looked at Louis for a long minute. He took in his small nose, the slight scruff on his face, his long eyelashes, his ocean blue eyes, he took in all of those bonuses.

"I love you, Louis. I want nothing else than a relationship with you. When I was sixteen, I fell in love with you, your heart. I fell in love with Louis Tomlinson. Not Louis Tomlinson's eyes, or his lips, or his cheekbones. But the way you thought, the way you acted, the way you could barely whisk an egg, and the way you would beam when holding a baby, and the way you absolutely hated being tickled. I fell in love with it all. From the way you treated your sisters as if they were each your little princesses, to the way you slide down the stairs on the railing every god damn time, always making my heart jump to my throat. Maniac." Harry finished, chuckling. They both had tears in their eyes, making Louis' an ocean blue and Harry's a forest green.

"I love you too, Harry. Honestly, it's hard to list off exactly what I love about you, because it's everything. But when I first met you, I loved your energy, and how you could read people's emotions. You would laugh with the wild and comfort the scared and shy. You would dance with the dancers and stand with the wall flowers. You fit in everywhere, you clicked with everyone. I was always so scared to talk to people at the X-Factor, except you. I knew I could tell you anything and I wouldn't be judged. I could just let the words flow from my lips so easily and you would be there, laughing if that's what helped me, or crying along side me, giving me your shoulder to cry on. I am so comfortable around you, even when I wasn't comfortable around anyone else, it was always you I would go to. You were, and always will be my home. I know that sounds cheesy, but it's true. You're where I feel most safe and loved." Louis said, tears streaming down both of their faces now.

"Oh baby." Harry sniffled, wiping away Louis' tears.

They cried for a little longer, professing their love, then watched a movie and slept for an hour or so. Harry was the first to wake up. Louis was half way on top of him, so he slowly moved the boy away, making sure his head was supported by a pillow and he was covered by the blanket, then he went into their bedroom and pulled out his song book.

Sweet Creature

The lyrics explained their relationship, their arguments, the good and the bad times, but that no matter how much they argued, no matter how much 'rope' they had left, that Louis would always bring him home. Harry may be Louis' home, but Louis was Harry's home.

He then wrote a letter to the boy.

Dear My Sweet Creature,

Wherever I go, you will always bring me home. You have always been the light of my life, you have been there for me since day one. I know it's hard when we argue but even when we do I still love you. We have to learn to work together, I never got to answer your question earlier either, baby. So here goes. No, I don't know where any of this is going. I know when we started we were just two hearts in one home, we didn't know much about each other or what the other was like, but as I started to understand you, the more I fell in love with you. I know we belong together, but every relationship needs effort. We need to stop the stupid arguments and just talk it out, I know we can. I want to live