ever was. Baekhyun had pursed his lips. When he hadn't said anything, Chanyeol took out the once glossy blue box from his pocket and removed one of the rings, sliding it on one of Baekhyun's fingers and the other on one of his own. Baekhyun hadn't liked the way Chanyeol had worded the promise, but he agreed anyways. In return, he had made him promise to always stay honest with him and love him just as he does.

If Baekhyun had known how useless it was to make Chanyeol promise him anything, he wouldn't have bothered.

 

Baekhyun opens the box now, taking a look at the grooves in which the rings were once placed, and is surprised to find one inside. The silver band glints in the sunlight, its surface polished as if it'd never left the box.

Baekhyun feels like he's been slapped. Do the rings mean nothing to Chanyeol? Have they ever meant anything? When had he put his back in the box? Baekhyun grips the box tightly, his expression solemn and angry. He's hurt, insulted, feels rejected, but most of all he's embarrassed. He looks at his own ring, the date of their promise engraved on its surface and is embarrassed to find out that, despite all of their troubles, he is the only one still wearing his.

For the first time since last night, Baekhyun leaves his room. He stands near the bedroom door, suddenly frozen when he sees Chanyeol resting on the couch after a long day of work. He fidgets nervously, turning the ring over in his right hand and gripping the box in his left hand. Somehow, Baekhyun resists the urge to scream and charge at Chanyeol and slowly walks towards the couch, his head low. Chanyeol looks at his husband without saying a word, but notices his tense steps as he makes his way forward, as if he is trying hard not to explode.

All of Baekhyun's actions are slow and careful. He puts the box down on the coffee table, and when he straightens himself, his eyes are cloudy and his expression unreadable. Neither of them moves until Chanyeol decides to sit up, finding Baekhyun hovering over him creepy.

"What?" he ventures, but his face tells Baekhyun he doesn't really care. Baekhyun's lips set themselves in a thin, pale line. He gently grabs Chanyeol's left hand and almost drops it, the contact feeling foreign. Baekhyun holds his lover's gaze a long time before he brings the ring forward and slips it on Chanyeol's index finger, unbothered that it didn't go all the way to the base.

"I―" Baekhyun shudders, as if talking to Chanyeol had become the hardest thing for him to do now. He tries to keep his voice even as he says, "You may have broken your vows, but I'll keep my promise to you."

He averts his eyes, looking at everything but at Chanyeol's stoic face. Finally he clears his throat and drops Chanyeol's hand, taking wary steps back into his bedroom.

Baekhyun thinks he sees Chanyeol's face transform as he closes the door, slowly enough to see him pick up the box and open it. Instead of finding Baekhyun's ring like he had expected, Chanyeol finds the Polaroid picture he had been looking to remove the other day, crumpled and abused.

 

 

 

Baekhyun holds in his hands a picture dear to him. He remembers when it was taken, who was there, what happened next, and the events that happened prior to the photo being taken. Not long after that, he'd had it developed, captivated by the genuine expressions on their faces. Chanyeol and he were facing each other in the picture, mere inches away, both sporting wide smiles. Baekhyun smiles himself, but it quickly fades. It only manages to remind him of the Polaroid picture in which Chanyeol's happiness almost matches the one in this picture, except his smile doesn't quite reach his eyes with Baekhyun.

Baekhyun hasn't seen this picture in a long time. He had found it slipped under the bedroom door, which he takes care to lock when Chanyeol is around. He's been able to avoid him, opting to take refuge in his room. He's noticed, however, that Chanyeol happens to be home more often than not, lurking around the bedroom door when he is. Every time Baekhyun hears him near, he holds his breath, but Chanyeol has never forced his way in, had never demanded he let him in. The only time Chanyeol had spoken, he'd said, "Let me explain". Baekhyun never opened the door to listen.

Though Baekhyun hasn't seen the picture in a while, he remembers what had happened to it. It was during an argument, when Chanyeol had threatened to leave. Upset, Baekhyun had taken Chanyeol's clothes from the closet, trinkets on the dresser and a duffel bag and had thrown them at his feet, daring him to leave. Chanyeol hadn't stopped him when Baekhyun threw