. He sat down and tugged Arthur over his knees. As Arthur fell forward, the Santa jacket he was still wearing from the night before hiked up around his waist, exposing his pale, pert buttocks. With Arthur still dazed and distracted, Alfred pulled the Brit’s arms behind his back and locked them together with the furry handcuffs.

“Oooh,” Arthur moaned, dropping his head and wiggling forward until his ass stuck straight up into the air.

Alfred stroked his boyfriend’s beautiful ass and then gave it a good, hard smack. Arthur grunted in pleasure and he repeated the motion, aiming from the sensitive spot where Arthur’s buttocks met the top of his thighs. Arthur gasped and then sighed in bliss. With tender strokes, Alfred caressed his lover’s ass. It felt so nice. So soft and smooth. He hit it again, enjoying the way Arthur’s butt began turning as bright red as his embarrassed cheeks.

“With a butt this red, I’d never have trouble finding my way,” Alfred teased.

Alfred was ready to keep spanking, but Arthur had other ideas. With a flick of Arthur’s wrists and a click, the handcuffs tumbled to the floor. Bringing his freed arms to the front, Arthur launched himself off Alfred’s knees and pinned the American onto the bed.

“You think I don’t know how to get out of a pair of handcuffs?” Arthur asked with a smirk. “Now bite that pillow, because you have the right to remain silent.”

Legs still dangling over the edge of the bed, Alfred rolled over and planted his face into the downy soft pillow. He heard Arthur fumble for the lube that Alfred had helpfully placed on the nightstand the night before. Arthur pulled down his pants and begin prepping him with a warm, slick finger. The scent of peppermint filled the air. After the previous night, it took only a few moments before Alfred was ready for Arthur’s thick cock again.

At the first thrust, Alfred cried out in pleasure, voice muffled by the pillow. He gasped and quivered with delight as Arthur thrust back and forth. Each time the cock hit his prostrate, he reached dizzying new heights of pleasure. With a final, muffled scream, Alfred came into the sheets. Riding a blissful high, he felt Arthur flop down beside him. Each still wearing half of a Santa suit, they relaxed on the bed and caught their breath.

Alfred rolled onto his side and grinned at his boyfriend.

“You know, I think we should do this every holiday.”

Same story, but USUK.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Alfred hummed Jingle Bell Rock under his breath as he rang the doorbell to Arthur’s townhouse. He’d just reached the chorus when Arthur opened the door in a cute Christmas sweater, pajama bottoms, and fuzzy green bunny slippers. It was so different from how Alfred was used to seeing him (in a crisp uniform or well-tailored outfits) that he stopped for a moment and just stared at his warm, cozy, and very huggable boyfriend.

“Wow, you look adorable,” he blurted out.

Arthur arched an eyebrow. “I think I’d prefer a different adjective.”

“Snuggly?” Alfred suggested as he stepped into the warm building and hurriedly closed the door behind him. Once he was ensconced in the warm entryway, he kicked his boots to the side, then tugged off his coat and scarf, dropping them to the floor.

“More like sexy or handsome,” Arthur replied with the hint of a smile. He leaned over and planted a kiss on Alfred’s lips after Alfred had finished removing his winter gear.

“Well, of course you’re sexy.” Alfred wrapped his arms around Arthur’s waist and pulled him closer until Arthur’s comfy wool sweater pressed against his chest. He kissed soft, chapped lips and gently slipped the tip of his tongue into Arthur’s mouth. He tasted a hint of cinnamon. “And sweet,” he added, licking his lips.

“Probably the eggnog,” Arthur said. “There’s more in the kitchen if you want.”

The promise of warm eggnog was—just barely—enough to encourage Alfred to unwrap his arms from the Englishman’s waist. He grabbed a wrapped present from the pocket of his coat and followed Arthur into the kitchen. While he waited for his boyfriend to fill their mugs from the bubbling saucepan on the stove, Alfred headed into the living room and placed the gift in front of Arthur’s small, artificial tree placed in a position of honor on the coffee table. A roaring fireplace and the lights on the tree provided the only illumination in the dim living room.

Leaning closer, Alfred could make out the tiny teapot ornaments that covered the small Christmas tree. They ranged in size and color, from a delicate white-and-blue china teapot no bigger than Alfred’s pinkie to a garish union jack colored teapot nearly as large as his fist. As he looked closer, he noticed that many teapots featured flags from various countries.

“