mal ?" commença-t-il, de manière nonchalante, tout en continuant à touiller son thé.

"Laisse-moi deviner, quand je suis tombé du ciel ?" Il n'avait même pas levé les yeux de son téléphone. Ça semblait être un classique. Mais il avait une autre alternative.

"Non." Il posa sa cuillère dans son assiette. Johan leva la tête, intrigué. Et juste par le fait qu'il semblait un peu plus intéressé par comment ça allait se finir lui donna un plus grand sourire.

"Quand tu es tombé amoureux de moi."

Il se frappa la tête avec sa paume. Le hacker gémit un bruit que même lui ne saurait qualifier d'humain, mais quelque chose n'échappa pas à Shite. Il souriait.

"Attends, attends... Y'a eu une faille spatio-temporelle là, ou tu as sourit, là ?" Il le pointa du doigt. Johan mit sa tête en arrière et rit doucement.

"C'était nuuul ..!" soupira-t-il entre deux rires.

"Ça marche, alors ?" demanda-t-il, souriant jusqu'aux oreilles, penché vers le hacker pour ne rien manquer de ses expressions. Il se remit droit et le fixa, avant de se remettre à rire. "Ça marche ?" répéta Shite, en levant la main pour recevoir un h5.

"C'était nul. Mais vendu." Il le claqua dans la main.

what is their relationship the world cannot tell

wHEN YOU FALL TOO DEEP FOR A SHIPPPP that is not meant to be #cry if u rtNot proofread.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Today was the bar's fifth anniversary. Rory knew a lot of stuff happened, he didn't expect, since he first opened it. He had good employees, reasonable regular customers, he managed to sharpen his skills... And of course, here she was, again. She was just as beautiful as ever, and he was just - so happy to be able to see her again. Her eyes were following the different lights of colour all around the room, like little spirits dancing around her. Sometimes, he doesn't know why... Why -

"So are you gonna talk to her, or are you just going to stay here and look at her ?"

Rory turned around, meeting Zakki's eyes. He looked at him from head to toe and squinted. He actually looked good in formal wear. The police officer straightened up and smirked.

"What ? Enjoying the view ?" he said, putting his hands in his pockets. Rory looked down to his necklace, highly drawing out his chest, then back to his eyes.

"I was, then you appeared." and now, I'm lusting over the view, he left unsaid. He turned back to look at the dancing crowd, trying to ignore Zakki's breath on his neck. Why was he standing so close ? God damn it.

"You should see that girl. The one, standing on the corner." Zakki said. Rory has been debating it for a while already, but everytime he tried, he had to do something else. He wondered if he would be able to talk to her at all, in the end. 

"Or I will." Zakki added. Rory turned to him, exasperated. He pushed him lightly on the chest with his finger, accusating.

"Her name is Natalya, and no, you won't." he said. At this moment, Khris showed up, breathless. He's been dancing like crazy after all.

"We need... more... more water. Or something" Khris said, between two breath.

"Right, I'm going to get them." Rory said, knowing he was the only one he will ever allow to go search for drinks. After all, Khris and Lady are good... but they're also complete disasters. As he was about to go, he felt a hand grabbing his arm, making him turn.

"Talk to her." Zakki clearly said, in front of a really confused Khris.

"Not now." he said carelessly. "Have to get some drinks." he freed himself from Zakki and went away.

-----The party was about to end, leaving only Lady, Khris, and some others in the room. Rory included. In the end, she couldn't talk to him.

Natalya was currently taking care of her brother, who has apparently, been drinking too much, so he couldn't stand up.

"Hey, hey, Noah. What's up ?" Khris approached them, lifting Noah's head so he could clearly see him. The younger boy had difficulty just opening his eyes, but he blinked slowly when he saw him. He groaned and buried his face on Khris' chest, about to collapse. The latter laughed.

"Okay, I'm getting him home." Khris said, lifting him.

"Oh no, I can do it ! You must be so tired." Natalya protested. The waiter smiled at her to show he was strong