the ones that Alec is used to see on his upper chest. Those are on his arms, now.

So, what next?Has he the strength to reach out for his stele?Does he even know where to look for it? Think, Alec, think. Time is running out.

Damn, he shouldn’t have let emotions cloud his judgement. He can’t even blame not quite being himself at the moment. It’s not an excuse, the shape of the vessel might be different but the soul inside hasn’t changed one bit: he still the soldier he has been trained to be for all his life.  He made a fatal mistake in believing killing himself could be a way out of this, like it has been so many other times.Not all hope is lost, however. Maybe he can still fix this. 

Alec stumbles out of bed, weak for the blood loss. He tries to think of all the details Jace and Clary gave him about their brief experience in the other dimension… They… They… It’s so difficult to recall anything while he is bleeding to death.  They said the time spent there had to be very limited, otherwise one would lose themselves to their alter ego and be erased forever, right?Alec doesn’t feel the rightful owner of this body trying to reclaim it. No new memories come flowing to his mind. Not even a little clue that can help him find his stele.Usually he keeps it close, but it wasn’t under his pillow. Maybe under Magnus’ ? He hasn’t tried there.  He would rather solve this without waking up this man, who looks exactly like the warlock he loves but is not his Magnus.  This Magnus has never fallen in love with an awkward boy, never has fought to be by his side, never has been through hell and back with him. This Magnus doesn’t even know who Alexander Lightwood is. 

He doesn’t want to face him. He can’t stand to.He might have to, however.

“Looking for this, darling?” A voice asks behind him. It’s Magnus, of course, holding his stele.  “Come and get it.”

When he turns, the whole room turns with him. He loses his balance,  and almost sprains his wrist trying to break his fall.He can’t even raise his arms to cover his wound, as Magnus rushes at his side.

“Alex.…” ’Don’t say it. Don’t say a name that is not Alexander. Not with those lips. Please.’ Alec silently pleads. Surprisingly, his prayers don’t go unanswered. “What happened, love? Who… “ Magnus asks, while assessing what could have happened and who could have broken him without him even noticing. The answer is simple: nobody. He surely doesn’t claim to be the most powerful warlock on Earth, but there’s no creature on this planet who can kill him in his sleep. If any danger had been upon him or his family, he would have woken up. But he didn’t.There’s only one option, and it breaks his heart to realize there’s no other justification for what he’s witnessing. 

“What have you done to yourself, angel? Why?”  He senses no traces of demonic possession, no feverish look that could imply hallucinations. Is it possible that he had underestimated the depths of the his lover’s sorrow this much?No, that’s unconceivable. He can be self-centered and blind to other people’s feeling, but never when it comes to a certain shadowhunter. Not even when they first met, back at his loft. He immediately saw someone who was not accustomed to be at the center of attention, who wasn’t even aware of the charms and beauty they had been blessed with. Toying with such a naïve soul had been tempting, back then… Still, he couldn’t bring himself to hurt someone with such an adorable smile and big bright eyes. Not all those years ago, and definitely not now. Really, it’s ludicrous to have even taken into consideration that he hasn’t heard a cry for help: there hasn’t been one.

But if harming this body to the point that he has to heal it with magic has no relation to suicidal impulses, then what is wrong with Alex?There’s only one person who can answer to that question, and she seems unable to keep her eyes open, after being healed.He can wait until she’s feeling better. Probably.

“Sleep now, you can tell me later, okay?”

“I… I can’t. I need to tell you now. Before I forget, or something. Before I wake up and she’s back. I need to get back to Magnus. And Jace. And Isabel. Even Clary.”

“Hey, hey, I’m here… What are you talking about?” She is delirious now. He should put her to sleep, sooth her