being sentimental, and he didn't agree with Liam's theory that it was an inability to cope with the excessive after a childhood of just basics. Louis was just too lazy and undisciplined to ever throw things away.

Zayn never saw it as a fault, either, though he knew both Harry and Jay were constantly begging Louis to clear the damn place out. Zayn just saw it as another reason to love Louis' house, the way he could explore it for hours, find all this new shit. Or old shit, more accurately, unassuming memorabilia that would inevitably dreg up some long forgotten random story in Zayn's past.

That time, he found a tattoo home kit, and he recognised it instantly because it was his, a present from Tom. He didn't know why it was at Louis' house, but he had too much of Louis' stuff at his own house to be mad.

Louis found him while he was dusting off the box, and he smiled big, like he had been looking for Zayn, and Zayn didn't ask because he'd be too disappointed if the answer was no, but he thought Louis probably was.

They didn't even talk about it, Louis didn't ask questions as Zayn shaved a patch on his arm, or cleaned it, only bit his lip and clenched his eyes through the pain in a way that shouldn't have gotten to Zayn as much as it did.

He just returned the favour, once Zayn was done, using a stencil because he didn't have as much experience as Zayn. He acted like tattooing each other was something they often did, like it wasn't a big deal, and he must have known how much Zayn needed it, needed to know Louis was his, even with crowds of people downstairs probably thinking the same thing, even with the voice in his head reminding him that Louis wasn't his, maybe never would be, not like that.

The whole job was so rushed and amateur that when he’s in the shower one day, years later, and realises that the black is actually more of a grey, he’s not surprised.

He’s just- frustrated. Because he knows how people will see it, knows the way Perrie and his family give him sympathetic glances whenever he brings up Louis, can see the way Liam goes out of his way to avoid even mentioning louis in his long and detailed weekly emails.

They’ll see it as symbolism, say that their friendship’s fading and maybe he should let the tattoo go with it, say maybe it’s for the best, and bite their tongues politely, shake their heads, when he gets it retouched.

And it’s so annoying, because him and Louis- it’s nothing more than a rough patch, which might be a weird phrase to use for someone who’s just a friend, but still. Sure they’re not talking right now, but Louis has moods, and Zayn has a temper, everyone knows that. It doesn’t mean they’ll never talk again.

But if he gets too defensive about it everyone just looks at him with pity, like he’s in denial, and he hates it. He has always known that people don’t really get him and Louis, and it’s not something he minded, before, because he knew that Louis did, and that was all that mattered.

Right now, he’s not so sure. For the first time in a long time, he doesn’t actually know what Louis is thinking.

And really, that’s why he’s so angry at the tattoo for fading. Because he doesn’t kid himself into thinking Louis is looking at the meagre scrappings of pap pic’s of Zayn online, but he still- he hates the idea of Louis seeing it, of Louis thinking he’s getting it removed. Because Louis has always been a bit less secure in their relationship than Zayn, and this wouldn’t exactly help.

But he can’t reassure Louis. Because, right, they’re not talking right now, he can’t just send him a text and that’s something he has to remind himself of daily, whenever he hears a nice song or comes up with a tattoo idea or can’t finish a lyric or hears a joke or has a fight with Perrie or literally has two seconds of free time- and the tattoo is just another thing on the long list of things he’s not able to actually talk about with Louis.

It’s not even the most important thing on the list. They have a lot of shit to sort out, so it’d just be weird if Zayn ignored all that and sent a text saying “yeah, btw, it’s just fading a bit I’m gonna get it retouched soon,” when Louis probably hasn't even seen it, and definitely has other things on his mind.

So Zayn can’t tell Louis- but he still wants him to know