she was asked about her relationship with Hibari as she was seen with him that morning.

She replied to the curious ones that she was simply trying to find something of hers and Hibari had found it and gave it back. Some of them were relieved that the blood thirsty person did not harm her in any way.

As soon as she found time in class, she would silently pull out the paper and expand on the ideas in a page in her work book which she could easily take out and hide.

"Some of you may have heard, but we are introducing a new teacher who will be helping you in your writing skills for grammatical tense, comprehension and so on," said the homeroom teacher. Peeking up from her desk, she faced the teacher at the front who seemed rather nervous for some reason. She frowned. Something felt like it was stabbing her stomach making her feel equally nervous.

The moment she saw the familiar feathered accessory her stomach literally flipped.

"Hey trash, I'm your new Literacy teacher." The visible but fading scars on his face and the menacing red glint in his eyes alarmed all the students. His hair was spikey and skin was tanned but overall, he was very… hot. The girls couldn't help but ogle at his sturdy build and his cold personality. He was young, so he must have been very smart to be a teacher at this current age.

"Uh… what is your name, sensei?" asked one of the girls rather bravely.

"Xanxus. Next time, ask for my permission to speak or I'll shoot you." They never knew whether he was being serious or not, but they obeyed him.

Class was extremely tense and Tsuna dared not to look up, in fear that the person at the front would recognise her. Knowing him, he would not hesitate to do something. And that something could cost her whole undercover thing of being a legendary author.

"Who's gonna translate this?"

"But Xanxus-sensei, you aren't our English teacher-" Something hot flew past the student's cheek. In terror, he clutched at his cheek feeling a numbing sensation. Something dropped onto his desk, which turned out to be a bit of burnt eraser. He promptly sat down, unable to finish his question.

"I'm your teacher, I do what the hell I want," said Xanxus. His eyes leered onto the male student who was shivering from the fact he got grazed by a flying burnt piece of rubber.

Scanning the room, Xanxus decided to call each of the student trash different trash names from their first impressions. His eyes fell onto a brown fluff ball that wore strange glasses and was continuously staring at her desk.

Frowning, and disappointed for someone to be ignoring him, he chucked a piece of rubber, expecting the student to get hit, only to fall off her chair, as if dodging it.

She slowly got back up.

"Whoops, I got a bit clumsy~" she said.

Some of the girls giggled and the boys said that it was fine.

"Oi trash, who told you to get out of your seat?" asked Xanxus focusing all of his attention on the girl. She seemed to freeze up as she felt his eyes lingering on her.

"Hie- I mean… uh… I just felt really uncomfortable and then I fell off my chair," she replied, ruffling her hair as she sat back in her seat.

"Don't think I'll let you get away with it. Translate this into English."

Cold sweat started forming at the edges of her forehead as she gulped, swallowing the stutters that would reach her voice. She glided over the words on the board, only to realise that it was an excerpt from one of her published essays on the seasons. It made her cringe so much about what she wrote back then.

"The season of the falling leaves is autumn. Although there is nothing that can disturb the seasons, nature can be deceiving. The season of snow and ice is winter. Sometimes it can gently rain while it can easily hail the following day. The season of blooming flowers is spring. As flowers start to make their appearances, rain often comes and goes. The season of blazing heat is summer. At this point, we do not care. Turn on the air condition and take out a hand fan and you're set for summer."

When she was writing that essay on the seasons, she had given up on the aspect of describing all the seasons. So when she finally got to summer, she decided to change the whole mood of the essay to something logical to something humorous. With this, she gained a lot of attention and won the first place prize earning some cash and publishing her work.

Part of her own requirements needed her to be able to learn a few more languages other than Japanese. Mainly European languages such as English, Italian, Portuguese and French along with Asian languages such as Chinese and Korean then added with Russian, allowed her to pretty much communicate with the majority of the world. Although she did not usually do