that it did him any good. The hire car people'd be back in the morning to pick it up, and he took his time looking to see if they'd left anything in it. "How are you?"

"I'm fine Harry," he said in a put upon tone. "I just wasn't feeling social okay?" Still wasn't. "Answering the phone was... more than something I wanted to deal with. Sorry."

"I worry about you, that’s all, John. Would you like to come by tomorrow?" Oh, god, she wanted to pin him down across from her at a table where he couldn't escape like he could on a cell phone.

"Uh, no, I've got...” Shit what could he say? "Look, Seb's just got back okay? He's had a rough week. Can we maybe meet up in the week or something? For coffee or something?"

"Seb." Harry repeated it like he'd just named his cane or something. "The new flat mate? Seb. Is it a thing with S names?"

"Sebastian, yeah and obviously I choose flat mates based on their initials," John said rolling his eyes. "He was in my unit, I told you that. He needed a place to crash and...well, the rent needs to be paid."

"Right. So he's had a rough week, and you can't come by for dinner or coffee?" Right, that did sound horrible when she said it like that. "C'mon, I worry about you, John."

"I just said we could do coffee," John said exasperatedly. "You don't need to worry about me. I'm doing okay."

"All right. All right. I can tell when you're going to hang up on me. Let me know if you need anything." Harry was, in all the ways that John could tell, rather exactly like having a brother to deal with, which he supported, made it easier than if she tried and tried and didn't give up. He'd hear about it later, in a week. "I'm holding you to coffee."

"I'll text or call nearer the time," he promised. He did feel a bit bad about effectively blowing her off so he said. "Thanks Harry… I appreciate the concern."

"Mmmhmm. I'll work out how you actually are, John. Go on, go prod your new flat mate." And she hung up. Wouldn't even let him get in the last word, which was. Well, it saved him from having to think of an answer.

Seb'd dropped an unlit cigarette in the foot well.

John fished it out and sighed. He ought to be more gracious about the concern that his sister had for him, but he remembered the literal years he had battled with her to get her into a clinic to dry out, and now it had finally happened, she did have a tendency to lecture. It bothered him, that suddenly she was in the place to take him apart about his, admittedly, sometimes bizarre life. Well.

There wasn't much to do but grin and bear it. In small doses. Paired with coffee.

Watson was hiding out on the street but Seb didn't really, couldn't really process it. He mostly been glad to get out of detention, but it was everything that came after it that was maddening for him, trying to mentally put himself into the next step. Into just. Moving on with the Empire, fixing everything, living life with Jim dead.

He managed to get himself undressed in the bathroom, turning the hot water on before he stepped into the shower. It was a shock for a moment, hot water against his skin while he pawed at a bar of soap. After the initial shock, the stiffness in his muscles began to unknot, and some of the physical discomfort started to unwind. Watson had been right about the shower part. The splash of water back at the Webster building was not enough to erase a week of interrogation. Hunger was starting to stir in full force, now that he was out of immediate danger. But his mind was going crazy again because there was a new element in the mix. Why had John risked everything to come after him? He had been a party to nearly killing the man, to offing his best friend.

He'd been involved in every step of the way, and he'd been pretty bloody honest about who he was and what he did. There was an overwhelming urge to take the man by the shoulders and ask him what the fuck was wrong with him to not have a problem with Seb. He needed to have a problem with Seb if he was at all sane. Fuck, maybe that was the problem. Probably neither of them were playing with a full deck, and shit his back was killing him now that he had time to let himself