himself.  Tony had a way of saying things that made him smirk.

He proceeded down the hall aways to 336, pulling off his gloves to give himself the manual dexterity necessary to unlock the door with his key.  No sooner had he entered and unwound the scarf from his neck (which was a wool blend, purple and green, hand knit by his mother), he heard a wretching noise from the joint bathroom.  Worry creasing his brow, he rapidly dropped his bookback, yanked off his jacket and boots and hurried for the washroom.

His roommate was huddled over the toilet, visibly shaking from his most recent expulsion.  His fingers were white, clutched tight to the porcelain lip; Tony was obviously fighting off another wave of naseua.  His complexion was pale and his eyes were trembling in their sockets.  The little room smelled acrid.  "Br-Bruce.  Bruce, thank God you're--" he made a gagging noise but managed not to hurl, "F-f-fuck…  I really messed up this time."

So much for getting those five hours of sleep.  Bruce's lips pulled tight but he stooped down beside the other student to put a soothing hand on his back.  "Relax," he said, rubbing his back, "It's going to be okay.  I'm here.  Get it out."

Tony's eyes winced shut and he nodded several times.  His whole body tensed and he lurched over the bowl again, heaving into it.  This was… too common.  It was expected college students would experiment and what not, but Tony's drinking had progressed from recreational to addiction awhile back if Bruce was one to guess.  "What happened?" he asked patiently, expecting Tony might not be able to answer right away.

"The frat house had a party…" Tony explained, not proudly.  He didn't lift his head from the bowl, words somewhat slurred.  "They were doing Jägerbombs.  I had three… or four…"  His forehead wrinkled in concentrated effort.  "I don't remember…" he trailed off, repressing another gag.

"Did you know they were going to have alcohol at the party?" Bruce asked.

"It was a frat party," Tony answered with what would've been a scoffing lilt, had he felt well enough.  "Of course I knew they were going to have alcohol there."

Bruce sighed.  "Then why did you go?  You know you have a hard time limiting your consumption."

"Because I got invited, Bruce.  I couldn't not go.  And once I was there I couldn't not drink--" the electical engineering student leaned over the toilet again, but only ended up hawking a loogie into the murk.  "Listen.  I know it was stupid, alright?  I figured that out about two flushes ago."  He reached up for the handle.

"I just don't like seeing you like this…" Bruce said quietly.

Tony locked eyes with him in a brief moment of lucidity before he wound up doubling back over and vomiting before the tank had even managed to refill.  "Fuck…" he whimpered, dragging his sleeve across his mouth.  "Fuck.  Okay.  Okay, I think I-I'm done…"

"Then let's get you up," Bruce said, standing.  "Can you stand?" he asked, holding out his hands to his roommate.  Tony nodded weakly and took the offered help, legs wobbling as he strove for verticality.  Bruce quickly flushed the toilet and let his friend lean his weight into him.  "We're going to go out to your bunk, okay?" he confirmed and Tony just nodded some more, suprisingly speechless.  "Alright."  Carefully, step by step, Bruce led him out of the bathroom and to the bed, helping him into it to lie on his side.  "Alright?" he asked, pulling the blanket up over him.  Tony nodded a third time, clutching to the top edge of the sheet and pulling it to his chin.  Bruce went for their minifridge.  "Think you could keep down a little water?"

"Y-yeah.  Yeah, I think so…" Tony answered a bit uncertainly.  Bruce opened the fridge and took out an Alhambra, twisting the seal on the cap with a light snap.  "Bruce…?" Tony spoke up again as his back was turned.  "I'm… I'm sorry."

The words were sincere enough; unfortunately, Tony had been genuinely sincere on a number of occasions like this one.  The problem was, though his roommate was sorry for being a burden, it didn't alter his behavior that lead to being a burden.  Bruce was going to be lucky to get four hours of sleep tonight.  He handed the bottle to his friend.  "Don't say things you don't mean," he delivered tersely, hoping the sternness in his voice would get the other boy to drop it.  He moved to properly hang his coat and scarf.

Tony took a small, tentative sip.  "But I do mean it," he argued, "You're always here for