Most people weren’t like him though. Levi considered Dr. Yeager. He didn’t look nervous. But Levi couldn’t help but remember what Hange and Mikasa told him. “You’re from Shiganshina, aren’t you? You were there in 845.”



“Yes,” the doctor conceded easily. “How did you know?”



“You have a bit of a Maria accent.”



Dr. Yeager laughed, those damn broad shoulders of his shaking gently. When he finished, he leaned forward and deliberately thickened his accent so that the syllables leaned against one another like drunkards stumbling home. “That can’t be all. Besides, Maria was big. I could be from anywhere. Shiganshina is actually the least likely place, considering how many died there.” He paused, eying Levi, and then said, “You’ve been asking around about me.”



“Not much else to do while I’m flat on my back.”



The corner of Dr. Yeager’s mouth quirked as if he was biting his tongue. “And what did you hear?”



“Not much.” Levi stopped, then decided to continue anyway. “About you, anyway. Your father on the other hand...” he trailed off, watching Dr. Yeager’s expression shift from amusement to careful composure. “It’s true then? You’re Dr. Yeager’s son?”



“Dr. Grisha Yeager. I’m Eren.” Eren straightened up, crossed one leg over the other, and changed the subject. “Something 

is

 happening, isn’t it? That last expedition-- you haven’t put out any announcement yet, but I saw the results. The only word for that is disaster.”



“...Something happened,” Levi said, a token acknowledgement. It’s all he could really say on the subject since the rest was classified. “I don’t know about your five year theory, but if you’re scared, leave. A man in your profession doesn’t have to stay in a border town if he doesn’t want to. They’re always wanting more doctors in Sheena.”



Eren just grinned grimly and shook his head. “I’m not going anywhere.” As if to make a lie of his own words, he got to his feet and collected his bag from the floor. “I’ve got another appointment to get to, so I’ll stop bothering you. Just figured I’d swing by and make sure the doctors here hadn’t botched my hard work.”



The words slipped from Levi’s lips before he realized what he was saying. “You’re not bothering me.”



Eren grinned again, nothing grim about it this time. He glanced at the door, then took a step towards Levi’s bed. He leaned down, close enough that Levi could make out the faint scent of medicinal herbs clinging to Eren’s clothes and skin. For one wild, jarring moment, Levi thought Eren was going to kiss him.



He didn’t. Eren stuck his hand under Levi’s pillow and pushed the letter farther beneath it. “Might want to hide this better,” he murmured. 



And with that, Eren left.



====



He was back again two days later, this time shuffling a deck of cards in his hands. “I’ve got a couple hours free,” he said. “And you’re not going anywhere, are you?”



Levi sure wasn’t. He was permitted to get out of bed only to relieve himself and-- twice a day-- for short walks up and down the hall with a nurse and either Wilfrid or Bertolt watching his every step. Levi couldn’t put any weight on the broken leg, so he hobbled along with a pair of wooden crutches that were too tall for him and dug painfully into his armpits no matter how he adjusted them.



Eren stuck his head out into the hall and dragged the soldier standing watch inside. It was Bertolt for this shift and he stammered a few protests before finally sinking into a chair, his back hunched over as though that would make him any less enormous. 



Eren dealt out the cards and they began a game of rummy, using Levi’s lumpy mattress as a tabletop for their draw pile and runs. Levi and Bertolt were quiet-- Levi because he was used to maintaining a sharp focus for card games, even when nothing was at stake, and Bertolt because that seemed to be his nature. Eren chattered easily though, spinning tales about anonymous patients as he rearranged his hand of cards and laid down runs. He won the first game and successfully drew Levi into conversation since by now Levi had plenty of stories about the doctors and nurses at the military hospital. 



Finally, Bertolt broke his silence too.



“I’ve heard you are from Shiganshina,” he said to Eren, eyes locked firmly on his cards. “That you were there when the Wall fell.”



Levi wondered how exactly Bertolt heard that before he realized Wilfrid must’ve told him. She had been on shift when Eren first came by and their conversation