day, Shouto walks the twins away from the frozen area and continues warming both up, checking them over for any sort of cold related injury. Momo approaches with the other three children.

“Are they okay?”

“They’re fine.” Shouto murmurs, “It seems Atsuaki has developed his quirk.”

Momo looks at the wreckage, “It looks like a powerful one.”

A parent shouts, capturing the group’s attention, “What was that?!!”

Another jumps in, “Your kid almost killed ours!”

The parents spot Katsuki and the blood in the water intensifies, “That’s Atomic Bombshell’s kid!”

“Should have known something like this would happen!”

“A villain like his father!!”

Shouto frowns and Katsuki growls, the blonde ready to combat the mob mentality until Sero, the taping hero otherwise known as Cellophane, swoops into the fray, he stands between the group of angry parents and Katsuki.

“I saw everything while on patrol,” he looks at Katsuki, “What happened?”

“Atsuaki just got his quirk,” Katsuki growls, fists clenching, “And these morons think he was trying to kill their kids.”

Cellophane looks back at the mangled and twisted playground; the sheer power to have done something like that is not lost on him. Normally, when kids start out their quirks aren’t too powerful, the quirks developing over the years, but none has come off so explosive like this.

“Well,” Cellophane laughs, “I shouldn’t have expected any less from your kids Bakugou.” he turns to the crowd, “Nothing to see here folks, just a kid coming into his quirk and we all know how that is! It was an honest mistake!”

Some parents mutter to one another before filtering away, some even staying as their once frightened kids want an autograph or picture from the hero . . . Katsuki glares at them all, they had been bullying one of his kids. They aren’t as innocent as their blind as fuck parents would like to believe. Now Katsuki hadn’t been any better when he was their age, but he likes to think he’d grown out of it . . . he turns to the twins and sees Shou comforting a seemingly detached Aki, word of what happened was sure to spread and god knows those morons in the media will twist this anyway they like without bothering to get all the details.

Night comes and Katsuki takes the time to talk with Atsuaki, the white-haired twin sitting on the couch, his legs dangling over the edge and hands in his lap, the young boy looking contrite.

“Why were they bullying your brother?”

“Because of his name . . . ,” Atsuaki hunkers down on himself, “ . . . and because you’re our dad. They were telling us that you weren’t a real hero and that you were going to turn into a villain. They even started saying things about father.” father being Shouto as when one twin called for dad both adults would turn so the twins had come up with the idea of calling Shouto father and Katsuki dad. “They asked how we could live with someone so cold.” Katsuki notices Atsuaki’s eyes begin to water and lip quiver, “And I just . . . I got so angry . . . I couldn’t feel anything but anger, I wanted to . . . I wanted to hurt them, but I didn’t want to kill them! It was an accident!” Atsuaki hiccups and wraps his arms around himself, “And now because of me! People are going to hate you more!!”

“Hey.” Katsuki pulls Atsuaki into a hug, rumbling a soft song before he speaks, “You didn’t kill anyone and it’s good that you stood up for us. But Atsuaki, people are going to hate me either way; they’ve always hated me long before I became a pro hero. I had a goal and I was going to achieve it no matter what people thought of me. And it’s because of my attitude that we have people like your father or even your annoying as hell Uncle Eijirou in our lives.” he looks into his son’s sad eyes, “They aren’t shallow, we know they don’t care what’s on the surface and that they’re incredibly loyal.” he wipes at a stray tear, “Now I’m not telling you to act like me or giving myself excuses, but what I’m saying is that you don’t need to worry about me or your father, we can take care of ourselves. Just worry for your brother and yourself.”

Atsuaki sniffles, eyes red-rimmed, “Okay.”

The next day footage of the incident at the park is shown on the news, apparently a parent had been filming their child playing when a large spike of ice disrupts the domestic scene and screams are heard from terrified children, it shows both him and Shouto running towards the mangled structure and disappearing inside, several minutes pass and Shouto finally reemerges with the twins, Atsuaki looking like the exact copy of his father and Shoumetsu