hated by this woman, she'd take it. Any doubt she’d had about this whole situation had flown out the window. She held her tongue, deciding against replying back with a quip; what she didn't need right now was for the mermaid to think she was getting too comfortable and scare her off.

“A deal is a deal. You may ask your question.”

“Huh?” That pulled Lena from her thoughts, she blinked rapidly in confusion until she remembered their agreement. “Oh, I almost forgot! No need to look so tense,” she added after seeing the woman's jaw lock and her stance still. “I'm not gonna demand any secrets from you.”


She could have sworn she heard the taller woman mumble, 

“I'd like to see you try”

 under her breath, but decided to ignore that. “Then what 

do 

you want from me?”



Lena pondered her answer, knowing that asking any big or complicated questions would result in suspicion, and that was the 

last 

thing she wanted in this situation. She'd taken note that the mermaid wasn't one for many words.


“How about your name?”

She noted how the other woman stiffened slightly; frozen in place, the surprise evident on her features. “Of all the questions you could have asked me, you chose my name.”


Lena shrugged, “I don't have anything to call you by… I'll even tell you 

my 

name? How ‘bout that? Two answers for the price of one, bargain!”



A raised eyebrow. “You're assuming I 

want

 your name. I am perfectly fine with calling you 'human’.”



The engineer grimaced. She was starting to regret her offer. “Alright, tha’s just 

rude. 

I take it back if you don't w-

”



“Amélie. My name is Amélie.”

Oh boy, I'm surprised I managed to do any writing at all with Horizon Zero Dawn being released, I even managed to get the platinum trophy for it! And with Mass Effect being released this week... Who knows when the next chapter will be written.

Let me know what you think in the comments! Hope you guys like this chapter, it was pretty fun writing Amélie for this one.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Lena hadn't stopped grinning as they proceeded through the rest of the warehouse, in their search for whatever the mermaid was looking for. To her left, in the corner of her eye she could see the scowling profile of her newfound… friend? Lena wasn't sure she'd go as far as calling her a 'friend’ but it was a start, she supposed. At least the woman walked by her side now instead of behind her, she was hopeful there was a small sliver of trust in that.

She gave Amélie a sidewards glance with a slight smirk. “Knew you wanted my name, really.”

Amélie warily eyed the smug look on the human's face. She'd never seen someone smile so much, let alone because of  her. It was odd. Unsettling. Since she'd given her name, so many emotions had passed over the other's face. It was strange to see someone so expressive.

The obnoxious little brat was taking it all out of proportion. She hardly even wanted the human's name. All she had wanted was to silence the annoying little pest.

“Mon dieu,  must you  always be this aggravating?” she shot back.

“Nah, you're a special case.”

Amélie scoffed but otherwise said nothing, deciding to keep quiet as they continued walking.

As they got further down the hallway, Lena spoke up. “Hey... Amélie?”


 “Quelle?” 


Lena fumbled with her hands nervously as they came to a stop, before sticking one out in front of her. “I'm...”

Leo? Lena? Which one was she now? Which one did she  want to be?

“Lena. Lena Oxton.” She answered, finally settling on the truthful answer. It would be one less person to tell eventually, Lena couldn't afford to lose even a tiny speck of the mermaid's trust.

 Lena. A woman, Amèlie assumed. Not that she was an expert on human names, but that would explain why her song hadn't worked on this one in particular.

The mermaid just looked down at her hand warily, as if  she was unsure of what to do in this situation. She frowned, looking back up at the human's face in question. Lena faltered, looking from her stuck out hand to the taller woman's questioning expression. “Oh, you um... it's a handshake. You shake your hand with mine, it's what people do when greeting each other. A nice friendly gesture!” Lena explained. She waited with her hand still outstretched, unsure if Amélie would appreciate Lena grabbing her hand to show her. She just had to wait and hope.

What surprised her was that the other woman  actually  reached forward