the Soldier- Bucky?- came, some nights, he didn’t. Some nights, he held Steve, some nights he didn’t. He never knew what he was getting, he never knew what to expect, he just knew he craved that smell, that feeling of closeness, that warmth, that body curled around his own. It felt right. It felt like home.

He woke up facing the Soldier- Bucky?- in the middle of the night, the metal fingers sliding through his hair, cupping his jaw. His kisses were different, more desperate, more searching, as though he could find whatever he was missing- Bucky?- in Steve’s mouth. Steve didn’t hesitate at all, he pushed into every kiss until their teeth crashed into each other. Lips were bitten, it was a worthy sacrifice.

They slept with their foreheads pressed together, passing air back and forth between them. It had been lifetimes ago, the last time they’d done such a thing. Steve breathed in the scent of him- Soldier? Bucky?- like he was drowning and needed it.

Metal arm, whirring, across his chest, whirring, quiet, and steady, and Steve’s eyes barely opened and his lips barely curved, and it took him almost another minute to note the Soldier’s- Bucky’s?- hips were moving, rocking into his backside, another few seconds to realize he was pressing back, they were moving together in increasing synchronicity and speed and tighter fit until he actually heard the Soldier- Bucky?- breathing and his own was heavier and more intense and the metal fingers curled into his ribs and his muscled flesh and Steve pressed his cheek down into the pillow and moaned, very softly.

The Soldier- Bucky?- leaned over and buried his face in the side of Steve’s neck. Sucked. Bit. Steve moaned again, guttural, aching, reaching back and pulling the Soldier’s- Bucky’s?- hips tighter against his ass, and in doing so earned himself an even more emphatic squeeze.

They came in their pants and slept tangled up and sticky and neither of them seemed to care- at least not until Steve woke up and found the Soldier- Bucky?- was gone, along with a clean pair of pants.

He woke up with the Soldier- Bucky?- pulling him forward by his thigh, guiding it up over his hip so they could rock themselves together, only Steve was so heavy the grip required to move him left bruises on the back of his thigh. They left, for at least an hour or so, fingerprints.

Steve had never slept nude in his life. He started. He had never been the vocal one, but compared to the Soldier’s- Bucky’s?- silence, he was increasingly loud. He sighed when the Soldier- Bucky?- pulled him forward and followed through until he was straddling him, and then came down over him, pushing his tongue past chapped, haunting lips surrounded by soft, bristly stubble- just long enough to be soft. Steve buried his fingers in his hair and ground down on him until the Soldier- Bucky?- grunted very quietly and started to squirm out of his pants, kneading at Steve’s hips with his thumbs.

When he rose, took the Soldier’s- Bucky’s- cock in his hand to steady it and began slowly, steadily pushing himself down on it. The Soldier- Bucky?- widened his eyes and fell perfectly still, other than his breathing and the slow, steady, concentric circles of his thumbs on the bones of Steve’s hips. Steve’s breath caught noisily, he almost moaned, he grunted and pushed again- it wasn’t dry, no, he’d slicked himself hoping the Soldier- Bucky?- would come and the burn was a little more than he usually wanted but it felt so damn good to have him, underneath and inside, even if he didn’t make a sound, even if he didn’t move much at all, even if his eyes stayed riveted on Steve’s expression, his open, panting mouth, his mostly-closed eyes focused on the Soldier’s- Bucky’s?- with unwavering certainty.

Still, it was thick and he just wasn’t open enough, so he had to keep pausing and panting heavily, rolling his hips and resting one hand on the Soldier’s- Bucky’s?- good shoulder to steady himself until Steve had taken him completely, all the way to the base and was sitting on him, shaking, breath stuttering, shoulders quaking, lips parted for loud, ragged panting that made his whole body tremble. Steve rocked up on his knees, then sank back down with a low, brief moan. He did it again, and again, slow, so slow and deliberate, each time his ass came to rest against the Soldier’s- Bucky’s?- hips, he would exhale, sharp and loud, until his head dropped back and his fingers were digging into the Soldier’s- Bucky’s?- shoulder and his jaw was loose