you figure that maybe Equius had made it obvious somehow. Yes, your legs had been replaced with metal ones, but your waist had not. To avoid bodily difficulties such as, well, the need to use the absolution trap and such, you were left with your waist in tact. It wasn't hard to get the metal band off, but it's not like it looked like it came off to begin with. 

Or maybe it does.

You don't know nor care at this point. Because Gamzee has found the near invisible seam and he's opened up the metal band and thrown it to gog knows where. 

You open your mouth and try to say something, anything really, but the words are lost; so instead you lay there and let Gamzee do what he wants. Your hands do jump to cover yourself as if you could maintain any hope of decency at this point. 

Gamzee turns you over, placing you on your back instead of on your side, and situates himself between your legs. He hovers over you and one hand lightly brushes your cheek. 

"Can't paint with your blood," Gamzee murmurs. 

You try to reply again but you're stopped short when he grabs your wrists and pushes them above your head while he uses the other to brush teasingly against your nook before pushing in. Two fingers move along the walls of your nook, stimulating and hot, never dipping in but always brushing up so close. You're wet and covering his fingers in copper fluid which only help him push past your tightness when he finally decides to. He pistons his fingers in and out of you while curling them against your heat, scraping his claws against your nerves and what should hurt only turns you on. 

You let out a small trill that ends with a moan, your eyes glaze over with need and desire; the fear all but lost. Your hips automatically rut against him, successfully fucking yourself  on his fingers. You feel him smile against your neck before he starts nipping at your skin, lapping and eventually biting drawing a bit of blood in the process. 

Okay, yeah, you are really aroused right now. Gamzee, a high blood who's either really horny or has gone into rut, has taken it upon himself to deflower you; and while you were well aware of all the sloppy make outs he purposed you never thought he'd go through with it on such a level.

And your neck is defiantly not your mouth and if your were any more assertive you'd make sure he knew; but at this point you feel as if the fingers in your nook are giving you enough stimulation that you're not allowed to complain.

Gamzee pulls away slowly, almost teasingly, and regards you with a smile again. His face paint is terribly smeared and are those claw marks across his face? Where did Terezi's glasses go?

"I don't got no Faygo on hand, but how does a bro feel about a little make out?"

This again? Well he's got you now. You couldn't say no even if you tried. It seems that he knows it as well. He pushes your shirt up a bit and licks at your skin nipping small tan bruises before he moves away, leaving a trail of salvia from your abdomen down. He removes his fingers from your nook and instead replaces them with his tongue.

Your moan is loud and unrestrained. His tongue laps at your flesh dipping deeper inside. Your hips rut against him and your hands grip his hair. More copper fluid drips down your thighs and Gamzee laps it up like it's part of his slime pies. He pushes your legs up and spreads them apart. His fingers return to your nook and spread you wider, aiding his tongue in reaching deeper within you.

"Gam-Gamzee!" You moan again as he twists his tongue touching a nerve that makes you involuntarily buck against him. Your back arches upwards and your hips continue to jut into Gamzee's tongue. He pulls away to lick at his lips. Copper fluid drips down his chin and watching him licking it up makes you squirm in his grip.

Your bulge has long since unsheathed itself and is straining for contact; contact which Gamzee provides with his own bulge. He curls around you with fever, hard and strong. You arch higher off the ground, nails ripping holes in Gamzee's shirt and most likely in his skin, your head is thrown back with your mouth agape. Your legs tighten around Gamzee's waist as his bulge tightens around yours.

"G-Gamzee, Gamzee please," you beg as you pull on his shirt. Successfully managing to pull it over his head with minimal ripping. The moment his shirt is discarded Gamzee sinks down and kisses you. His tongue is heavy against yours and you know you couldn't fight it if you tried. The kiss is all tongue and teeth, but you feel a bit of desperation in it that isn't coming from you. It makes you wonder briefly if perhaps you'd been putting this off for far too long. 

He pulls