annoyance fell along with his sweat all over his torso. Heavily sweating with nostrils flaring, he stopped jogging and got off the mill, drinking gulps of water from a bottle along the way to the shower. His muscles just ached all the more. 

He's not gonna let this fight intensify any further. He needs to calm himself down and take the matter head on. He showered and got out of the gym with a clear determination to fix the problem soon.  

On his way to their room, he met Jinyoung and Jaebum near the elevators.

"Have you seen Jackson?" Mark asked.

"He left. Said he's gonna meet up with his family. His mom flew in earlier to celebrate her birthday." Jaebum provided.

"Hyung, did you try to patch things up earlier? We'll be on stage in a couple of hours." Jinyoung expressed his concern. 

"I know. But how can I when he left right after yelling at me." Mark replied, grumbling. 

"If you won't be able to fix it, at least be discreet about it later. You know how keen your fans are at picking up on anything about you two." Jaebum implied. 

"Yeah. Fuck it! It was just a stupid comment." Mark was still complaining. 

"It will be fine, hyung. Jackson just needs another knock on his thick-skulled brain." Jinyoung said gently, trying to comfort his hyung. 

"Jinyoungie, that's enough." Jaebum reprimanded. Jinyoung clutched his arm in response and smiled sheepishly. 

 

Later that night, everyone is getting their make up done at the venue but Mark hasn't seen Jackson yet.

"BamBam, have you seen Jackson around?"

"No, hyung. We just got here, too." BamBam replied.

"Did you kiss and make-up already?" Yugyeom asked teasingly, with a wide grin on his face.

"Shut up, Yuggie. It's obvious they haven't yet." Yugyeom just chuckled at the scolding from his best friend. BamBam has grown to be more sensible and mature now.

"I hope you get it fixed, hyung. We're going inside. We have to get our make up done, too."  

"Yeah. I hope so, too. Thanks, Bam. You guys get inside now." 

BamBam and Yugyeom left him alone in the dark corridors. Mark thought of nothing better than to take a snap of himself blatantly showing the necklaces Jackson gave him on his neck, in the hopes that his boyfriend will see it and be appeased somehow. He intended for it to be seen by everyone as proof that he belongs to no one else but his king, THE Jackson Wang.

It didn't affect Jackson, however. All throughout the show, Jackson was avoiding him at all costs! He even dared ignore Mark offering him a bottle of water in front of everyone on the stage. And of course, none of the fans missed it. A clip of the incident was later seen in SNS sending their fans into worried frenzy. 

Mark was furious this time. The managers were up on their asses scolding them about their idol image for a stupid reason Jackson just could not get over with. He could only glare at his boyfriend as they head back to their hotel after the show wrapped up. 

He's had enough of putting up with his impudent boyfriend and he's not making any more moves to pacify things with Jackson. 

When they got back to their shared room, however, Jackson was silent. Mark found it unusual because by now, Jackson would have already started yelling at him again. But no way, he's not gonna approach Jackson again like he usually does.

They showered and changed into sleep clothes in silence, Mark slamming his exhausted body and drained emotions on the bed right after. He faced the wall, back towards the still empty side of the bed. 

He sensed the bed shifting a few minutes later indicating that Jackson had already climbed up. 

"Hyung? Uhmmm.. I saw the clip on the way here - a clip right when I ignored the bottle you offered. I read the comments, too." 

Mark didn't answer, just kept silent and stayed still. He could tell from the voice that the speaker was facing him. 

"So?" 

"I acted like a child again, didn't I?" Mark sensed the admission of defeat so he turned to face Jackson.

"And?" 

"And I was stupid. Mommy said earlier at dinner what I did was wrong. She said I should believe you if I truly love you." 

"And?"

"And I do love you, really, very much! That's why I hate it when she flirts with you." Jackson was pouting now.

"Flirt??" Mark was close to get up to a sitting position. "Jacks she's a friend!" Raising his free hand in exclamation. "I don't even talk about the hundreds of girls following you at the airport in China, or the girls stalking you even at the dorm, or trolling you, sending you provocative