of jostling, they both settled into a comfortable silence.

"You know the saying 'ashes to ashes, dust to dust', right?" He spoke at last, his voice relaxed and wistful. "Well....according to...Newton, was it? I can't remember anymore. If he was right, and all matter is conserved and recycled, then maybe we will become something else someday." 

Five half listened to his words, their eyes cast upwards to the sky. Beyond the haze of clouds, they could make out a few pin pricks of light. "What a shame" Five couldn't help but think. "The stars are so pretty this time of year"

"I mean, just imagine it" Sam continued. "Our bones will sink back into the earth and will live again in the soil of trees- or maybe a flowerbed, if there's any gardeners left in the...post-apocalyptic world."

Five could feel him tense beside them, his shoulders stiffening under his hoodie and remaining tight and taut. Five leaned back a little so they pressed farther up against Sam. The motion caused him to relax a little.

"And someday..." Sam went on. "Someday, when we are all long dead and gone, and the Earth dies out- Jody told me something about the sun turning into a supernova but I don't think that's our type of sun- our ashes which have turned to soil which have turned to dust, will evaporate back into space."

Five let that image float into their thoughts. Particles of dust floating in the vacuum of space, light years away from any other surface, seemed like an awfully lonely thought. 

The more Five thought about it, the more bizarre the notion became. Space dust? Like that would ever happen. 

Yet it was fascinating, in a strange, oddly interesting way. It was almost comforting, the idea that they would never truly disappear. That someday they might be part of something else.

Five was too wrapped in their inner dialogue to realize Sam had fallen silent. Once this occurred to them, Five breathed deeply so that Sam could feel the rise of the inhale. 

The gesture eased Sam back into his train of thought. He chose to remain quiet for a moment longer before inhaling deeply. 

"I think...that maybe....perhaps, we were from the same star."

He whispered the words in such a low voice Five had to strain to hear him. If they had a reaction they didn't show it. But they did still enough to listen a little better to Sam.

"If everything is as we think it is, then maybe some part of each of us existed together once. And maybe..." Sam let himself trail off. It wasn't until then that Five realized that it was so very quiet without his voice. 

"Maybe that is why I love you"

 

Five didn't move, didn't breath for fear that the slightest of movements would make the moment vanish like the edge of a dream. And yet, a familiar and wonderful feeling rose in their chest. Five knew all the things they had heard about love, how it was warm like sunshine or hot like fire. This didn't feel like either. Instead, it reminded Five of something much more close to their heart. Of a feeling along the lines of acceptance and familiarity. 

It reminded them of being home.

Eventually they turned to face Sam, only to find his eyes didn't meet theirs. Instead they gazed off silently across the quad towards something Five could not fathom.

Five moved gently, softly so as not to startle him. Their hand found his, and intertwined their fingers together.

They felt it then. The electricity that was in Sam's voice and his words. Five understood exactly what he spoke of. It seemed to seep into their body, settling deep into their bones; the feeling of being united, of being together after a terribly long separate journey. Five let it enshroud them, let it race through their veins and radiate from their skin. 

Sam exhaled suddenly, and Five let out the breath they didn't realize they were holding. They could feel the rise and fall of Sam's chest against them, feel his heartbeat flutter in his wrist. The feeling was so achingly reminiscent it hurt. Yet when Sam spoke again, it was as if nothing else existed in the world.

"I...understand if you don't really feel the same way, Five." he muttered. "I mean, I've survived all this time not knowing if you loved me, so I can survive a little longer, right? Besides..." Five could hear the tremor in Sam's voice. "If it means you are happy, I couldn't care less."

Five was still again, frozen long enough that Sam began to slump. He took Five's silence as rejection, as a permanent answer.

Five moved then. They turned so that every possible inch of them was pressed against Sam, and even then it didn't seem like enough.