tried, only managing to get one half off the ground. The dejected look on his face cracked through Mycroft’s heart and he smiled sadly up at him as he lifted the leg higher, easing on Greg’s pyjama bottoms carefully. “It’ll be alright love, you just need time.” Mycroft stood and leaned in to kiss Greg sweetly, who glanced away.“I’m sorry you have to look after me.”“It’s not your fault Gregory, neither of us could have anticipated this.” He sat beside him and wound his arm around Greg, who lent his head on Mycroft’s shoulder.“No, I shouldn’t have been smoking. You were right, and I’m sorry.” He turned his gaze up to Mycroft who brought his hand to Greg’s cheek. “Sweetheart, I will always be here for you.” He murmured, before kissing him again and letting go, instead peeling back the covers on the other side of the bed for Greg to slip under. “Thanks.” Greg sunk into the mattress and sighed with relief, rubbing his eyes. The hospital beds really were shit compared to this. A smile grew on his face when he felt Mycroft slide in behind him and loop his arms around his waist, pressing a kiss to the back of his neck. “I love you.” The older man yawned and closed his eyes, Mycroft’s breath tickling the back of his neck as he responded. “I love you too.” Mycroft squeezed him lightly, settling down and closing his eyes as well.Needless to say, it was the best night’s sleep either of them had had since the previous month.

***

Rolling over, Greg groaned in annoyance when he felt the space beside him vacant. “Myyc?” He called groggily, shifting onto his back and rubbing his eyes. After a moment of silence he fumbled with the sheets before peeling them away from him and carefully swinging his legs off the bed. Greg swallowed and tested his leg carefully on the floor before shakily getting to his feet, leg trembling as he waited a second before hobbling towards his crutches by the door. His balance wavered when he was a few feet away and he fell forward with a thump, bracing his arms against the floor to protect his face, grunting from the effort and mild pain.“Gregory?” He swore as he heard the worried voice of Mycroft call up the stairs, attempting to scrabble to his feet and failing, squeezing his eyes shut when he heard the other man reach the top of the stairs. He hated depending on Mycroft. He hated feeling so pathetic. Greg stiffened when he felt Mycroft’s arms enclose his waist, lifting him up. “I’m sorry, I sh-““I was just saying good morning to the floor My, it’s fine.” He gave the politician a half-hearted smile, trying to veil the sadness lurking behind his eyes. Mycroft saw through it of course and sighed, helping Greg to his feet before fetching his crutches. “You don’t have to be my carer.” He grumbled, taking them gratefully.“Gregory, you can’t just do this alone-““I still want to try.” Greg muttered, slotting his arms into the crutches and shifting past Mycroft before making his way to the stairs. The younger man ran a hand through his hair, shaking his head before following his husband, ready in case he slipped down the stairs. Thankfully he reached the bottom in one piece, limping over to the kitchen, gritting his teeth as he struggled to open the fridge.“Please.” Mycroft said from the doorway, holding up his hands. “Sit down and I’ll make you breakfast.” Greg glared at the fridge for a moment before closing his eyes and sighing dejectedly.“Fine.” He mumbled, settling into the nearest chair, resting his crutches against the bed beside him.“Gregory?” Mycroft wandered over, worry evident in his expression.“I’m fine.” He clasped his hands on the table in front of them, staring at them, emotionless. Mycroft could tell he was lying, but he didn’t push it further.“What do you want to eat?”“Whatever.” Greg muttered and his husband sighed again before prising open the fridge and pulling out a bottle of milk.“Cereal alright with you?”“Whatever.” The DI stated again, sitting back and absent-mindedly rubbing his leg, staring at the wall ahead of him. Mycroft threw him a sympathetic look before rummaging in the cupboard and retrieving a box of Greg’s Bran Flakes (Mycroft thought they were vile and quite frankly, didn’t understand what Greg loved so much about them). He hummed under his breath, pouring them into a bowl alongside the milk and setting it in front of his husband with a spoon, who glanced down at it and muttered his thanks before digging into it. Sitting opposite with his own breakfast of choice, Muesli, Mycroft watched Greg carefully as he ate. Of course, after the time in hospital he could eat properly, though Mycroft noticed the slightly awkward angle at which he held his spoon. He