day. The Weasleys are gone. I sent them off with Harry. She's downstairs."


The sense of betrayal was enough to make Remus actually lift his lips in a snarl. He didn't realize he was doing it until Sirius rolled his eyes.


"Of the two of us, mate, I'm the only one who's actually got teeth at the moment, or apparently the stones to talk about this entire sodding mess. Get up, get changed, and come on. Padfoot'll drag you downstairs like that if he has to, but something tells me you might not want your mate to see‒or smell‒you like this."


Remus had been enraged. "Talking about yourself in the third person, now? Some of that Black family madness finally touching you in the head?"



The bastard actually threw back his head and laughed. "'Finally?' Where the hell have you bloody been?"



Normally, Remus was a pretty easy going bloke. He certainly worked hard to seem it, anyway. But he was beyond acting now, and he was only about seven hours removed from what had been one of his worst transformations in years, followed by possibly the most humiliating experience of his life, and he had no patience for Sirius fucking Black right now.



Sirius was as observant as ever. He stopped laughing immediately. "Moony," he said seriously‒and the sound of his nickname made Remus calm down inexplicably‒"there's no running from this. She already knows it's her, but she doesn't know what it means. You want her making her opinions based on what she finds out in the Hogwarts library?"


Oh, god, no he didn't. He knew what was in the Hogwarts library‒he'd had to endure the other Marauders' taunting for weeks after they'd found the bound collection of werewolf fiction.

"Oh, please, Mr. Werewolf," Prongs had gasped dramatically in a high‒pitched falsetto, "Please don't steal into my bed and ravish me! I know I'm your‒" gasp‒"one true love, and your destined wolfy mate, but I'm a good lady witch, and whatever will my parents say?"

"What exactly am I supposed to say, Sirius?" Remus snapped at him angrily. "'By the way, you're my mate, I desperately want to fuck you, despite the fact that you're my former student, and by the way you're never allowed to touch another man in your life?'"


The old Sirius would have bust out laughing at him. The old Sirius would have made a couple of rude gestures and given him some tips on the so‒called wedding night. This Sirius was different, of course. "Don't be so melodramatic, Moony," he said instead. "She's a bright girl. She's rational. You owe it to her to explain a few things. You've controlled yourself until now, you'll keep doing it. But I'm fairly sure that you don't want her to leave this house thinking you fancied her when she was thirteen."



Remus was silent.


"We've talked about this, mate," Sirius continued patiently‒and god, had anyone ever contemplated the words 'Sirius' and 'patient' in the same sentence before? "We decided you would tell her when she turned of age, so she would at least understand some of your behavior, maybe make some kind of decision. You could have told her over Christmas hols, and you didn't. Well, now you don't get the option anymore."

"She's a student, Sirius. She's a girl."

"She hasn't been a girl since‒oh, about her fourth year, I reckon. She's a witch fighting in a war. You really want to be the kind of distracting little mystery that gets her killed? She's seventeen, you ponce, and Merlin fucking himself has decided that you two are meant to be. Did your bollocks decide not to follow you back to your human form this morning, or something?"


Remus actually growled at him. God, he hated being a werewolf.



Sirius grabbed his arm. They were about the same height and weight, but the night before had been a full moon. There was no chance of physically out‒matching him today. He dragged Remus to the side of the bed, hauled him to his feet, and pushed him roughly in the direction of the bathroom.


"Go take a fucking shower. You smell like wet dog. Then put some clothes on, remember that you were a Gryffindor, and a Marauder, mind, and go talk to her."

From there, things had unfolded in a way that Remus had never dared to entertain, not even in his most optimistic fantasies. She had been lovely, and considerate, and she looked at him with those wide brown eyes and said simply:


I'll be your mate.


"Remus?"

He blinked and looked up at her