take care of herself, but I still want to take care of her, too, y’know?"

 

"It’s what we do."

 

"I had a different talk with another guy a while back. Think I scared ‘im off."

 

"Yeah?" Daryl said, more because he thought Carl expected it than he really wanted details of who else might have been interested in Judith – or maybe he didn’t want to know who else she might have been interested in.

 

"Yeah." Carl stood. "Involved reminding him that we’re all family – you and Michonne, not just Dad and me. Told him he’d never see the crossbolt coming that crippled him, and that Dad and I would pin him to the wall, the better for Michonne to cut off whatever she decided to cut off."

 

Daryl winced. "A pissed-off Rick is scary enough, but a pissed-off Michonne is the stuff of nightmares."

 

Carl gave him a wry look. "And a pissed-off Daryl is all kittens and bunnies."

 

"Better’n a pissed-off Carl, all sunshine and rainbows."

 

Carl laughed. "Just so we understand each other."

 

Daryl did understand, and respected Carl the more for his devotion to his sister, but he was done with heavy talking for tonight. "’m goin’ to bed. Past my bedtime."

 

#

 

It wasn’t until lunch the next day that Daryl was alone with Judith again, and then it wasn’t entirely his choice. He’d set up a shop where people could bring their machines – cars, can openers, anything without a computer chip – for repair and maintenance. It wasn’t anything Daryl had ever thought of doing before the turn, but in the time since, he’d learned a lot of practical skills, and now that things were supposedly back to normal, he was putting those skills to use.

 

He’d spent the morning under the hood – and sometimes under the chassis – of a 1965 Buick Riviera, trying to get the engine running again after jury-rigging a couple of hoses and a fan belt. He was turning the engine over for the umpteenth time when he heard her voice.

 

"I brought lunch."

 

Judith bringing him lunch wasn’t unusual, but today that small act seemed to have extra weight to it.

 

"Good timing," was all he said. "Just startin’ to get frustrated with this. I’ll wash up and be right there."

 

Washing up was something that had only recently returned to Macon – the infrastructure remained mostly intact after a decade and a half of neglect, but the people to run it were only gradually returning and passing on their knowledge. Daryl would never take abundant, clean water for granted again.

 

By the time he’d washed up, Judith had cleared space on his workbench, covered it with a cloth, and spread the lunch she’d brought – fry bread and chili, with honey-lemonade.

 

"Thanks," he said, and for a time they ate and talked of inconsequential things, of how the work at the shop was going and when school might actually start again. It was, Daryl realized, comfortable but not confining, not boring. This post-walker life might have boring moments, but Judith, and spending time with her, was not among them.

 

When they’d finished eating, Judith started gathering the bowls and cups to take back to the house. Daryl knew he should help her, but instead he watched her, the play of light and shadow on her skin, the glossiness of her hair, the quiet movements she made.

 

"You’re staring at me."

 

"No. Studyin’ you."

 

"That almost sounds worse."

 

Daryl chuckled briefly. "Tryin’ t’ see whether I can look at you as just you, not as Li’l Ass-Kicker all grown up."

 

Judith looked puzzled. "I don’t understand."

 

"Not gon’ try to explain, ‘cause I don’t completely understand it myself."

 

Judith studied him in return, her head tilted to one side inquiringly. "Then I guess the question is, could you?"

 

"Yeah." The word rasped out of Daryl’s throat, and he swallowed before saying again, "Yeah, I could."

 

"What does it mean that you could?"

 

"Means –" Daryl took a breath, let it out silently, like he would before pulling the trigger on his crossbow, and began again. "Means if you still want me, you got me."

 

The smile that spread across Judith's face could have warmed the darkest night. Daryl hated to ruin it.

 

"But."

 

That smile didn't entirely fade, just turned quizzical. "But?"

 

"But not just f'r a night." Daryl met her gaze. "We do this, we're doing all of it."

 

"All? You mean - all?"

 

"All," Daryl confirmed.

 

"I didn't, I mean, I wasn't asking for -" Judith waved one hand