to even spare him a moment to  throw it atop the cabinet nearby, with his own clothes. The jeans were  removed soon after, and Malik wished he could have seen Ryou in better  light, maybe even taken a picture—posing against the cabinets seemed  like quite the fashionable idea for some odd reason.

Was it just him, or did he have the strangest thoughts when he was turned on?

Mouths  opened and their tongues were twisting again. Ryou whimpered a little,  hands tugging Malik's hair in to express himself and keep quiet. Malik's  hands had traveled elsewhere, stroking soft hips, his erection pressing  against Ryou's thigh. Pushing Ryou further against the cabinet, he  heard the metal shake as their combined weight leaned against it.  Malik's thoughts were swirling as his hands roamed across Ryou's body,  touching the right places. He lingered just long enough to drive Ryou  crazy with the ease of a person who had done it a hundred times.


Not a good idea. What time is it? Maybe Ishizu went on her fucking lunch break.


Outside, the phone began to ring. Malik swore, and began to back away from Ryou. He couldn't ignore it.

He  felt, more than saw, Ryou's head snap in his direction. "…you can't  leave me…!" he hissed, mostly sad but with a modicum of irritation.

But  Malik was already trying to think his erection away, fitting one of his  legs through his trousers. Even if he missed that call, he couldn't  just leave the desk unattended. What if one of Ishizu's appointments  were on their way? They'd be caught.

"I'll be right back, I promise," he told Ryou.

By the time he'd gotten outside, he'd missed the call and the return call, and he must have looked like shit.

Fuck it, then.

He  climbed the set of three steps that would bring him to Ishizu's office.  The door was closed; good. He opened it just enough for her to be able  to see his face, and his shook out his hair, running his fingers through  it so that it would at least appear a little closer to normal.

"Izu,"  he said loudly. She was on the phone, however, and this was confirmed  by her pointing to it, not even bothering to turn in his direction.

Even  better. "Going to lunch. Back later."

She nodded her approval, and he  backed out again, closing the door as quietly as possible. He awkwardly  sprinted back to the file room, nearly kicking his trousers off as he  reached the door. Not being with Ryou had taken a larger toll on him  than he'd thought it would.

Nothing was right in the world until they were fucking.

That  was exaggerating, of course, but he couldn't lie about how good it  felt. He was still listening for sounds in the lobby beyond, but that  was difficult to do when he was buried into the closest approximation to  Heaven that he could think of. Palms pressed were against the back of  Ryou's hands, lips planting kisses on the back of his neck despite the  moisture gathering there, white strands sticking due to their body heat.

Malik's thrusts were slow and paced as he claimed Ryou from behind; he  couldn't afford the loud rattle of the cabinet. Ryou was doing a good  job at keeping quiet, which wasn't a normal quality of his, and Malik  was proud. The slow thrusts were killing them both, though. Just a  little longer and—

Ryou's hips began pushing back against  him—hard—and Malik had to pause, body shuddering in a sudden episode of  bliss. "You can't keep doing that," he whispered in Ryou's ear,  capturing the lobe in his mouth and tugging lightly with his teeth.

"…but I thought you liked that sort of thing."

Surprised gripped him, and for more than a few moments Malik stopped moving.

His  breathing was still labored, though, and his voice was faint when he  said, "I—I hate it when you do that—this."

Malik had a lot of other things  to say, most of which involved swearing, but he had been too  bewildered to utter any of them. He continued to be still, although he  could tell that his body was fast rejecting that decision.

Bakura  pushed back onto him a second time, and that started the ebb and flow of  their movements again. "…I couldn't have you any other way, could I?  You …rejected me."

"I hate you."

"I love you," Bakura spat, the words as venomous as anything he'd ever said.

The  cabinet was becoming a bit louder in response to their increased pace,  and the spirit of the Ring shifted abruptly, moving to his right, taking  Malik with him. His back was now poised on the small expanse of wall  between the door and the cabinet. No noise.

"Now…" Bakura trailed  off, implying that they should continue.