.

“I work in the neighborhood,” she explained.  “Statistics show in the next year you'll meet seven to eight people who are interested in buying or selling a home. Can you do me a favor?" She tilted her head in the way she knew made the light catch her hair just right. "Can you ask them to call me?"

"I know who you are," the woman responded, fixing Toudou with a bemused stare. (Toudou didn't miss that her business card made it into the woman's apron pocket as she folded her well muscled arms across her broad chest.) “You came in last week and gave me the spiel.” She gestured to the corner of the bakery with her thumb.  “And that stack of brochures.”  

Toudou followed the arc of her hand with her eyes.  Sure enough, beside the cream and sugar and underneath a bulletin board advertising local musicians and couches for sale, a glossy stack of paper with “OPEN HOUSE” and Toudou’s grinning face stared back at her. To her horror Toudou felt herself flushing. “I—“

She was stopped in her spluttering by the woman offering her hand.

  “Tadokoro Jin.  I own the shop.” She smirked, squeezing Toudou’s manicured hand in a firmer-than-necessary shake.  “Since you don’t remember.”

“I really must apologize; that’s so unlike me,” Toudou responded, pulling her hand away and gingerly rubbing a hand over her knuckles.  Was she bruised?

Tadokoro gave her an appraising look.  “You know what? I think you can make it up to me.”

Toudou ungracefully shouldered her way through the office door, unloading the box in her arms onto her assistant’s desk, trying not to look as harried as she felt. 

“Here Manami, for you!”

Manami looked up from the listing agreement he was typing up — well, after he quickly minimized a Facebook messenger window. “Toudou-san! Welcome back! Do we want to charge 5.5% for the Sakamotos or 6?”

Toudou sat down her coffee cup onto her own desk and shrugged her purse off her shoulder. “6 for now.  They can always negotiate it down.” She pulled her own laptop out of her bag, opening up her email and the multiple listing service.  Manami nodded, changing the digit and then hitting “print,” before turning his attention to the large blue cardboard paper box Toudou had deposited on the corner of his desk.  

“‘Tadokoro Bakery?’” He rubbed his hands together.  “What’s the occasion?”

Toudou scoffed.  “I’ll have you know, I’m a benevolent and generous boss, Manami! As if I need an occasion to remind you you’re my most appreciated employee!”

Manami grinned cheekily at her. “I’m your only employee, Toudou-san.”

She smiled back at him instead of swatting him like she wanted, and he opened up the box and took stock of its contents with glittering eyes.

Her smile turned to a grimace as she watched Manami shove half a chocolate croissant into his mouth, swallowing noisily.  “This is really delicious, Toudou-san!” He swiped a fleck of flaky pastry off his lip with his tongue.  “Thanks for the snack!”

Toudou’s nose wrinkled in displeasure, turning back to her laptop.  “Have all of them.”  She’d promised her friend Makishima some comps for his condo by tonight — he was looking for a second bedroom to use as a studio space but they had to figure out if his one-bedroom would sell for the price he needed first.

She couldn’t believe that Tadokoro woman.  First telling her that “no one” came into a bakery just to buy coffee and then insisting she’d be even more insulted if Toudou didn’t sit down and try some of the “world famous” Tadokoro cheesecake.  Toudou had tried to protest — she couldn’t keep her figure if she ate things like cheesecake all the time! But Tadokoro had poured herself her own mug of coffee and strolled around the counter and sat down across from her, setting the cheesecake in front of her. She had watched eagerly as Toudou daintily brought a couple of forkfuls of cheesecake to her mouth, bursting into a deep belly laugh when Toudou finally reluctantly admitted it was quite good.

The tips of Toudou’s ears flushed as she remembered Tadokoro’s warm large hand thumping her on the back and saying if she liked it that much, she’d give her some other baked goods to take home.  “Share ‘em,” Tadokoro had told her. “Gotta get the word out somehow.” She’d chuckled again, broad features crinkling into a wink.  “And a pastry is a pretty damn good business card.”

And that was how the baker’s dozen of assorted scones and croissants and danishes had made their way onto Manami’s desk, where her assistant was currently giving them all an appraising look, trying to decide which sugary treat should be his next victim.

“Ah - Toudou-san?”

“Manami?” Toudou looked up,