know how much Tauriel has told you. Oh, by the way, where is Tauriel?” Tauriel waves at Bard, and he smiles at her. “Thank you for accepting Gandalf's, and our, assistance.” He clears his throat. “Anyway, I don't know how much Gandalf told any of you.”

“Actually, he said nothing of you,” Thorin says. “Tauriel is the one who informed me of your availability to help, which came as a surprise.”

Bard frowns then. “Well, that just confuses things, doesn't it?” Almost everyone nods. “I'll get to the details later, we're just here to help. We have medical supplies for the wounded, and food and water for everyone, too.”

More people come out of the other helicopter then, carrying the things Bard had just mentioned. They're not wearing helmets, but they're still wearing the white uniforms. “Spread out, men!” Bard yells to the still helmeted people behind him. They move out on his orders towards the edge of the treeline.

Hospital beds are brought out and into the building, where everyone begins to gather. Bilbo has to practically force Thorin onto one.

“I am fine, Bilbo,” Thorin protests.

“You are most certainly not fine,” he argues, gesturing towards Thorin's wounds. He takes his point even further by pulling away from Thorin's body weight, making Thorin wince. Bilbo raises an eyebrow as he grabs him once more, and Thorin just sighs and lets Bilbo help him up onto the bed in the corner of the room.

Everyone is bustling about the room, tending to Kili's wounds and Frerin's hand (or, lack thereof). No one is really paying them any attention, probably because Thorin has already rejected medication from every person in the room.

“How is this possible?” Thorin asks win exasperation after a moment. Bilbo knows what he's talking about without having to ask.

“Gandalf had a back up plan, I guess. Probably figured we would have thrown rocks at him if he suggested it,” Bilbo answers. “At least, you would have. I would have shaken his hand.”

Thorin waves his hand. “Not that. I expected that. I mean, your past lover being here to save the day.”

Bilbo's face goes red at Thorin's wording. He almost forgot all of the stories Bilbo told him. “Oh, that.” He was really hoping they could just ignore it, though not likely. He clears his throat. “A strange coincidence. Kind of like me working for you in the first place, though.” He feels like he's supposed to say something, like, 'I don't have feelings for him don't worry.' But it's not like he and Thorin are together just because he declared his love for him while he was unconscious. That's not how it works.

“And now he is coincidentally coming towards us,” Thorin says, voice full of disdain.

“Hey Bilbo,” Bard says, less upbeat this time but still with a smile.

“Bard, we were just talking about you,” Bilbo says. Thorin coughs. “And how much of a coincidence it is that we're both here.”

Bard shrugs. “I guess we just never truly left the island. It's hard, knowing the involvement.” He side-eyes Thorin.

“Oh, he knows,” Bilbo assures him. “So, what are you, exactly?”

“It's complicated,” he says. Thorin scoffs and Bilbo shoots him a look. Bard doesn't seem fazed at all.

“Could you.. uncomplicate it?” Bilbo asks.

“I can try. You know how you ran into Thranduil, picking up Tauriel and Legolas along the way? Well, that wasn't an accident. I mean, Legolas coming was unexpected, sure.”

“Please elaborate,” Thorin says.

“I used to work for Thranduil. We all did, actually,” he gestures to the others that arrived with him. Bilbo can't see the similarities between these people and the ones on Thranduil's ship, honestly. “As you know, Bilbo, my family wanted to stay on the island for the opening. Which, of course, means that we were there when it all went down. Thranduil's father was one of the ships there to rescue us, and he offered my parents a job under his authority. My father accepted, so my mother declined. The idea of living on a ship was way cooler than not, so I stayed with him.

“My sister stayed with me, of course.” Bilbo nods without thinking. He knows there's no way those two would ever be separated for very long. “We grew up a little more, listened to what they taught us, and became the same thing ourselves.”

“Why are you not there now?” Thorin asks. It's more polite questioning than before, thankfully.

Bard's face