. On the off chance, maybe marshmallows. Or a slice of watermelon. Jensen knew that much.

A wide smile was now hugging Jensen's face as a rustle of plastic bags and a knock on the door pulled him back to reality. He frantically tried to sit up, his left knucles hitting the wooden coffee table beside. "Owh!!!....  Fuuuuuuckkkk...." he tried to suppress his groans as the knock on the door became impatient.

"Jen... I'm here. I brought some stuff, it's cold, let me in." Misha said, between huffs.

"Ah... One second!" Jensen bellowed as he rubbed his knuckles against his chest in an attempt to sooth the pain. He did not want Misha to be concerned about him tonight. Tonight was Misha's night and Jensen wanted to make it pleasant for the older male's sake.

Jensen stood up, composed himself, took a few breaths and walked towards the door and opened it, revealing a sad Misha holding a plastic bag full of - one can only assume - food products. "Hey." Jensen smiled, "Come in." as he made way for Misha to enter before closing the door.

Rustling of plastic bags and shuffling of feet could be heard again as Misha makes his way to the tiny kitchen that was just opposite the couch and living area. "I uh... I didn't know what you wanted so I just brought over some lasagne and cheese from my trailer." He said as he set the bag down on the counter top and began to prepare their dinner. Jensen didn't answer as he made his way back to his couch and half laid there with his right leg resting on the couch, placed squarely above his left thigh. He kept his eyes on the older male with a blissful smile. Jensen was not ashamed or shy anymore, they were in private now, he could have his heart eyes on Misha all he wants and nobody would scream in his ear or whistle. It would just be them, enjoying this quiet time alone. With him ogling.

Misha busied himself with preparing the lasagne, pre-heating the oven, melting the cheese and what-nots. He glanced over at Jensen, the green-eyed Adonis looked high for a second. Their eyes meet and Misha, for the first time tonight, smiled a warm smile, showing his white teeth a little, before he got back into cooking their dinner.

Jensen's smile got wider and his urges got stronger. There was this feeling in his heart that he could not shake nor would he. He wanted to walk over, hug Misha from behind, rest his chin on his shoulders - much like Dean did when he found Castiel in Purgatory - and take in the older male's scent. The trenchcoat, the wax of his hair, heck even the damned burrito he half ate. He wanted to smell all of it. Most importantly, he wanted to smell him.

So, Jensen embraced and empowered his cheeky self. Jensen rubbed the back of his neck, sat up, stood up and walked slowly over to the fridge that was behind Misha, opposite the counter top and oven. He needed to at least open the fridge to get a drink so as to mask his need to get close to Misha. He opened the fridge door, bent down a little and pondered over. There were a few beers and a bottle of white wine in it. He grabbed 2 bottles of beer and walked back to his couch and set them on the coffee table top.

He wanted to sit back down but no, he decided that, if Misha was going to be sad about being off from the set, they would be sad together. God knows how miserable Season 7 was for the both of them. Jensen wasn't having it. If they were gonna be sad, they might as well be sad together. He walked back towards the kitchen, waited for Misha to switch off the oven before he hugged the older male from behind, rested his chin on Misha's shoulders and breathed in heavily against his neck. He felt Misha's shoulders tense and relax as Misha leaned into Jensen involuntarily, wanting, needing, the closeness.

Jensen lifted his head a little and pointed his nose towards the freshly baked lasagne, Misha whimpered a small "hmm..." as the lost of the warmth.

Jensen breathed in again, "Mmm, what's this?" he asked, referencing the lasagne.

The younger actor could see a smile play on Misha's cheeks and he replied, "... Me."Bingo. Misha's playful self was returning and it made Jensen very, very happy.

Misha leaned his back into Jensen again, this time feeling a hard object poking between his back side. He smiled, "Ooh, and what's this?" referencing the hard-on that Jensen had developed.

Jensen rested his chin back onto Misha's shoulders as he lightly thrust his hips forward, making Misha moan slightly as he replied, "Me."

Misha chuckled, "Mmm, I like you."

Jensen licked Misha's neck,