.

He dropped down from the bar, jaw tense, and was about to ignore Clint's off color comments and leave when DARCY spoke up. "You're just jealous Tony won't make you one of me."

That was comforting. Bucky crossed his arms and smirked.

"Am not," Clint scoffed. It wasn't very convincing.

"And that you don't make the best friend list."

"Wait there's really a list? Wait, DARCY, why don't I make the list?"

DARCY was already zooming away. Bucky took the hint and followed. "Sorry, Clint! It's not you, it's me."

"I thought we had something special!" Clint called after them, but Bucky thought he heard some humor in his voice. Before the two left the gym Bucky caught Natasha's eye. She seemed to enjoy the show DARCY and Clint put on. She gave him a little salute. He gave her a nod. It was nice.

No one else commented on Bucky's new DARCY unit.

When he wasn't in his apartment or the gym, Bucky found himself going down to Jane's lab to offer help. He liked Jane. She wasn't too loud and she treated him like normal. She also seemed grateful for the help in a distracted scientist way. He'd do some heavy lifting for her and sometimes DARCY would send him down to the lobby for coffee and food runs. He discovered that delivery boys didn't wait for tips if they recognized the Winter Soldier was the one picking up the food. This was was more funny than in was disheartening.

Thor stopped by the lab late every night to see Jane and try to convince her to come home at a reasonable hour. With some extra prompting from DARCY, he tended to succeed. The god also came by during the day if he had time. Jane would given him a hello and a kiss before getting distracted by her work and then Thor would talk to Bucky. Conversation topics included battle, weapons, Thor praising Bucky's arm (he found it "most interesting"), and food. Bucky liked these conversations. Even if Thor still spoke too loud, he didn't require Bucky to say much and stories of strange alien wars were pretty interesting.

When he didn't go to Jane's lab during the day, DARCY would no so subtly try to convince him to move his binge watching from the living room to the common room. At first her recommendation was always rejected and she never pushed. After a while, he started to say yes more often.

The common room was much different when the team wasn't on a mission. Where the gym was a place where people generally left each other alone, the common room was a free for all. Sometimes Clint and Natasha would like what he was watching and join him for a couple episodes. They were oddly close, those two. Bucky couldn't help but suspect that something was going on between them. When he asked, he just got a smirk from Natasha and a laugh from Clint who promptly pulled out his wallet and started showing Bucky pictures of his wife and three children. Even Bucky had to admit they were pretty cute, especially little Nathan. Natasha seemed especially proud of him. She told him that his first words were Auntie Nat.

Sometimes Bucky would even see Vision and Wanda. Those two were mostly a mystery. Vision seemed like a robot, but apparently was not. This didn't help his confusion about DARCY. Bucky knew Wanda's power was to dig around in people's head and did not like the idea of that at all. She remained listed as a possible threat. They were both polite enough, but Bucky was glad that they never sat down and joined him.

Steve would often sit with Bucky. That was especially nice because Steve didn't look at him all sad that often anymore. On Steve days the episodes would go ignored and the two would end up talking instead of watching, Bucky actively participating for once. One memorable instance included Tony and Bruce walking in and overhearing Bucky's account of the girl who saved China.

Tony froze and turned to Bucky, eyebrows raised, "Are you talking about Mulan?"

Bucky's eyebrows furrowed. He'd never heard that name in his life. "What's Mulan?"

"Where did you hear that story?" Tony asked, grinning.

"DARCY."

Tony burst out laughing, "You told him Mulan?"

"Yes, sir," DARCY responded from where she rested on the couch cushion next to Bucky.

Tony kept laughing. Steve and Bucky were confused.

"What's the big deal about this Mulan?" Steve asked.

"It's a Disney movie," Tony explained, "Hey DARCY, queue it up." He joined Steve and Bucky on the couch and convinced Bruce to stay, as well. It wasn't long until Clint and Natasha saw what they were watching and joined, too. Then Vision and Wanda. Even Thor and Jane showed