, Louis is laying on Harry's bed whimpering. His shirt is stuck to his skin, from his over heated sweaty skin. His pants are covered in slick, and Harry can't help but to stare and the tiny omega that lays at arms reach. Louis quickly notices his distance from him and snatches his hands. He brings him towards himself and whimpers needily.

"P-please, it h-hurts so bad." Louis sobs as his raging boner soon becomes apparent in his pants. Harry kneels down to look at the tiny omega. 'He's so precious' Harry thinks to himself. He quickly snaps back to reality and slides his hands over the extremely warm boy. He sits him up and Louis preens at his touch. Harry begins to take off the omega's shirt, cherishing each inch of his tanned skin. He kisses his way down the the waistband of the boy's pants when he looks up.

"Okay?" Harry asks, making sure the omega isn't uncomfortable with him. Louis's head snaps down and chants,"Yes yes yes yes yes!! K-keep going!" 

Harry smiles into his stomach and proceeds to unbutton his pants. He drags the tiny boy's pants down his thick thighs, but Louis kicks them off when they reach his knees. Harry gasps at the sight in front of him. There, laying on the bed, looking like a sex god, is Louis. But, the little omega is wearing fucking panties. Harry lets out a low growl and starts to ravish the boy, nipping at his neck. Louis gasps and tangles his hands through the big alpha's curly locks. 

Harry looks Louis in the eye. "You ready, love?" He questions. Louis nods eagerly, pushing down his panties, exposing himself to the alpha. Harry is close to popping a knot from just looking at the boy. He ambles on top of him and flips the boy over. He almost drools when he sees the thick ass staring him back in the face. He quickly comes to his senses and begins to ease a finger into the wet, tight, virgin heat. Louis gasps and spreads his ass for the alpha. Harry slowly edges another finger in along side the first one and feels around for the boy's sweet spot. He knows he's found it when Louis suddenly jerks forward, moaning loudly. He suddenly tenses, cumming under the sheets beneath him.

Harry walks into the ensuite to get a washcloth to wipe down the boy. He comes back to find that Louis had collapsed onto the bed, and is sleeping soundly. Harry coos, and wipes down the young boy's thighs and stomach. He discards the washcloth to the side and climbs into bed next to the tiny omega.

Louis' post-heat brings new occurrences. (lil bit of smut)

so sorry for the late update. your support is amazing !!

Harry is woken up by a little tapping on his left shoulder at 3 a.m. He trys to take the tapper's hand, but when he does, the strong smell of honey hits him. His eyes shoot open and he looks to this left, where the tiny omega lays. Louis squirms in the bed and finally maneuvers himself onto a straddling position on the alpha. He alines their bare cocks together (which nearly have a 5 inch height difference) and leans down on them, creating pressure on the 2 shafts. Harry quickly catches onto his wants and thrusts up, pleasure blossoming in both of the boys. Louis whimpers and ruts down on the alpha below him, hearing the bed creak from their movements. Louis moans a bit louder than before before cumming over both of their stomachs. Harry cums not too long after that, but then lifts the tiny omega up to take him to the ensuite. Harry shuts the door and starts running a bath for the over heated boy. Harry thinks the omega is so hot right now that he cold start sizzling when he touches the water. He carefully climbs into the tub, with the boy in his arms. He sets Louis down gently and wipes his skin with a soapy washcloth. Louis preens in the tub and inhales the larger alpha's scent. He nuzzles further into his neck, dozing off.

"Come on, Little one. Let's get out now." Harry whispers. Louis nods sleepily, and slowly stands up. Harry drains the tub then wraps Louis up in a fluffy towel. Harry towel dries his hair instead of blow drying it, due to the fact that Zayn and Liam and cuddled together, snoozing in the other room. The two, nude boys climb into bed and fall asleep in each others arms.

                                 ---Louis wakes up to sun in his eyes, squinting at the time. The clock reads, "9:30". Louis nearly screams, remembering he has classes. He climbs over the handsome alpha quickly, but falls over after his foot gets caught on the sheets. Harry blinks his eyes open lazily, but soon grabs Louis after the morning ruckus. He pulls the tiny omega to his chest but Louis swats