, Merlin. Don't go.''

There. He'd said it, and the exhilaration of it was like falling, without a sense of up and down, into a bottomless pit.

''I-...'' Merlin said, and Arthur could hear the apology in his voice before it was spoken. ''I'm sorry.''

Arthur's shoulders dropped as all fight left him, all emotion at all. When he turned around his face had closed off in a perfect mask of haughty superiority. He was Captain Pendragon - The King – and nothing could shake him, nothing at all.

He gave Merlin a small nod. ''Well, Mr. Emrys, then I wish you a safe journey and... Godspeed!''

When Arthur turned back towards his desk he caught Merlin's devastated expression from the corner of his eyes, but he didn't say anything further, and he didn't look back.

 


Four months later...


Merlin just wanted to die. Really, just have a lightning bolt hit him right here in this bed and put an end to all his misery. He felt sick and tired and he just wanted to curl up on the thin mattress for the rest of the day and not move. Instead he was supposed to make deliveries. Over the whole town. Running up thousands of steps and passing thousands of stinking heaps of garbage or other sources of nauseating scents, wafting at him from people's kitchen's and latrines and people themselves. This whole town was smelling like everything foul and rotten had come together to have a great, big feast right under Merlin's nose.

Just as he was pulling the blanket over his head with a pitiful whine, there was a knock on the door, and a slightly cranky but nevertheless kind voice asking, ''Merlin? Are you still in bed?''

When Merlin didn't answer and just buried his face deeper into the pillow, the door was slowly pushed open with a creak and then there were footsteps coming closer, stopping next to the bed.

''Merlin, it's half past seven already.'' Merlin still didn't budge, and a moment later a hand came to rest on his shoulder, shaking him gently. ''Come on, lad, there's breakfast on the table!''

The thought of food made Merlin shudder, his stomach rebelling at the idea alone. He really just wanted to remain where he was and suffer in silence, but Merlin knew that while Gaius was a kind and generous man, he also had no time for slackers. So when the blanket was pulled back from his head, he sighed and then grunted something he hoped conveyed his compliance, trying to push himself up on his hands and knees.

Merlin was very grateful to Gaius for taking him in. After Merlin had embarked the Excalibur, leaving Arthur behind but taking his feelings for the blond pirate captain with him, he had felt lost and unsure where to go from here. His stars had aligned themselves newly and every fibre of his being told him that his destiny had made a sharp turn, that this – that Arthur – would lead him in a completely different direction, but towards something he was supposed to be.

He had only briefly considered signing up for a position on another ship. He had realised how disillusioned he'd become after four years on the Confidence, the seafaring life not as noble as he had imagined it as a boy, when his mother had told him stories about his father and how honourably he served his king and country. He had been fourteen and trying to escape the hard life and even harder hands he'd suffered at the orphanage, thinking he was the luckiest boy in the world when he was taken on as a ship boy. But the abuse had only gotten worse.

He caught himself thinking that the experience would have been different under a captain like Arthur Pendragon, but tried to quickly push that thought away. He still tried to think of Arthur as little as possible because it hurt in a much deeper way than he'd ever expected. But he was dreaming about him all the time, images that lingered and followed him into wakefulness. Images of Arthur, stretched out in all his naked glory on the bed or standing at the prow of the Excalibur, with the wind in his hair and billowing his shirt, free as a bird and soaring just as high, untouchable like the sun.

Merlin couldn't afford such thoughts, not when he was trying to make a new life here at Port St. James. Gaius was the apothecary in the town, and had been looking for an apprentice when Merlin came into his shop, seeking a remedy against his landsickness. Gaius – who apparently knew every soul in Port St. James – had asked him what brought him there and, upon hearing that Merlin's ship had sunk, offered him the position, even though Merlin had no experience at all and nothing going for him in regard to a recommendation.

''You have an honest look about you,'' Gaius had said and added almost wistfully, ''You also remind me of an old friend of mine.''

Merlin had immediately liked the older