up at Levi, prompting him for the right word.

“Friend?” Levi guesses. There’d been no mention of a brother when they went over their families earlier.

“Yes.” Eren lays a finger over the picture of the friend. “My friend, he... ııh, likes... no, he wants. He wants to travel. But…” Eren frowns and shakes his head from side to side.

“Your friend wants to travel, but he can’t travel?” Levi asks.

“Yes. So… I go,” Eren finishes.

Levi doesn’t really get it, but he nods anyway. Eren is quiet after that, fingers playing idly with the pen in his hands. He has thick gloves on, but he still manages to twirl the pen deftly between his fingers. Levi settles back into his seat to observe Eren in his pensive state, taking advantage of Eren’s distraction to soak in the contours of his face, the brilliance of his gold eyes.

They arrive at the bus station not long afterwards. Eren’s mood shifts again as soon as the bus halts. He smiles warmly as he hands the paper and pen back to Levi, who tucks them away in his jean pockets. He’ll probably need the directions to get to the hotel, since he's never been to it before and his cell phone service proved itself unreliable the last time he visited Xi’an.

Eren follows right behind Levi as they step off the bus and exit the station. Eren looks up and down the street they step out on with wide eyes, drinking in the sights with plain delight. Levi hadn’t asked, but he can tell that this is Eren’s first visit to the city. This is only Levi’s third trip to Xi’an, but he feels a responsibility to ensure Eren doesn’t get himself lost. “Do you know where you are going?” he asks.

Eren looks down at him, bangs falling across his forehead. “Can you repeat that?” he says. The words come out smooth, as they should considering how many times he’s said it to Levi in the last couple of hours.

“Do you know where you are going?” Levi says again, pointing north down the street and then south.

Eren shrugs his broad shoulders up and down. “Food,” he answers, putting one hand on his stomach.

Levi wonders if Eren’s itinerary is really that vague or if he is also hoping to linger with Levi a while longer. The way Eren angles his body to stand close to Levi makes him think that yes, he's not alone in feeling a spark here, but maybe Eren is just really friendly. Shit, Levi has never been good at this. He swallows. “Do you want to eat with me? I know a good place nearby.”

Eren frowns in concentration for a moment and Levi is about to repeat himself when Eren's expression clears and he grins, nodding.

So Levi leads Eren away from the main road and into the labyrinth of smaller streets that he learned on previous visits, hoping his memory serves him. Eren walks beside him with his bag slung over his shoulder, head turning every which way as he takes in all of the neon-lit signs glowing brighter as the sun sets. Levi concentrates on making sure his suitcase doesn't bang into anyone. The streets are even more crowded than usual with people completing last minute preparations for the approaching celebrations.

With the sun going down, the temperature is slowly dropping further, but Levi can't be bothered to stop and dig his warmer jacket out of his luggage. He meant to put it on before getting off the bus, but Eren had distracted him. Levi shivers once, then twice before Eren stops him with a hand on his arm and shrugs out of his coat, holding it out to Levi.

“I can't--” But Eren shakes it at him insistently, gesturing at his torso to indicate the second coat he'd had on underneath the first one. “All right, fine,” Levi says, unable to put up any further protests when Eren is grinning broadly with such nice, white teeth. He puts on Eren's jacket, surprised at how heavy it is. Of course it is several sizes too large for him, but Eren takes in the sight of him with a distinctively pleased slant to his mouth. That smile, more than the jacket loan, warms Levi right up.

When Levi makes to start walking again, Eren slips one arm around Levi to rest his hand on the small of Levi's back. “Okay?” he asks, palm pressing lightly against Levi's spine.

More than okay, Levi wants to say. He swears he can feel the heat of Eren's skin against his, despite all the clothing layers between them. Eren has got to be flirting. No one just puts their hand on a stranger's back like this unless they are interested. Levi's throat is tight, so he nods. It's still enough to make Eren