opposed to the idea, you get to say ‘no,’ of course… but I somehow have the feeling that that isn’t going to happen, ja?”

Leaning down, his fingers tangling in Simon’s long black hair, he continued by whispering next to his ear, “I won’t lie. I first decided to come here because Fräulein Cykes is stunning, and because I was curious about what you would do. Actually, I expected to be thrown out by you within the first ten minutes. But now… I admit you surprised me. You still do. And I can’t tell you how hard it makes me. If your girlfriend does not have a problem with it, I want you to cum in my mouth.”

Athena drew in a sharp breath alongside Simon’s own. Holy. Shit.

Her voice shook a little when she quickly replied, “I’m not going to be the one to put a stop to that.”

Klavier motioned for her to come closer, kissing her deeply once she did.

“Thank you for sharing,” he breathed against her lips after withdrawing his tongue from her mouth. “I’ll make sure to be appropriately grateful afterwards.”

She smiled. “Mhm, please do.”

Gently stroking Athena’s cheek for a moment, Klavier then turned back towards Simon, his gaze now full of purpose. “You heard her. Your decision?”

Simon grinned. “I am not the one who is dallying here. In case you hadn’t noticed, you are sitting on my legs.”

The blond man laughed. “Ja, that’s a bit problematic when it comes to taking your pants off. Hold on…”

He turned again to get up, his expression betraying his surprise when Simon was suddenly grabbing him from behind, having risen to his knees in a blur of motion, and pulled him back against his chest.

“I believe I’m not the only one who is still wearing too many clothes,” his low voice caressed the blond man’s ear as his hand moved down to palm Klavier’s erection. “I suggest we remedy that problem first.”

Klavier’s breath hitched for a moment. “Of course, Herr Blackquill.”

Simon’s voice lowered further. “I will take a turn watching now. Undress Athena. Get rid of your own clothes. Then we can talk about my cock in your mouth.”

The last five words were almost hissed out, and a tremor ran through the rock star.

“You just never stop being interesting, do you? Completely willing to let go one moment, taking charge the next… I can’t wait to suck you, although maybe I’ll give the Fräulein a taste, first.”

He looked over at Athena, who could feel her own breathing quickening again, both at the blond man’s smoldering gaze and at Simon’s display of dominance. Even after all these months, her boyfriend managed to excite her whenever he used his voice like that, and the fact that he had just done so to someone who was not her, with her consent and for her benefit, weakened her knees with a flash of arousal.

She stepped toward Klavier after he had gotten to his feet and offered him her side, where the zipper of her skirt was located. He made quick work of it, drawing her by now soaked panties down her legs alongside the yellow piece of clothing. Simon was now once again sitting on the bed, his gaze never leaving Klavier and his girlfriend while he was slowly kneading his erection through the remaining layers of fabric.

The rock star did not immediately rise after removing Athena’s socks, choosing instead to nuzzle at her center. Her startled moan was echoed by Simon emitting a low grunt. When Athena opened her eyes with difficulty, she saw that his hand had stilled. Apparently, watching her with his colleague was affecting him as much as it had her when Klavier had been concentrating on Simon, and he was trying to hold back.

She held her boyfriend’s gaze when the blond man’s tongue began swirling over her clit, her mouth falling open in a series of quiet gasps which quickly became almost sobbing moans.

Flicking her own fingers over her nipples as Klavier proceeded to thoroughly eat her out, Athena continued to refuse to look away, and the growing need in Simon’s eyes as he watched with bated breath, together with that skilled tongue undulating on her and within her, finally forced her past the event horizon again with a quiet outcry.

Her fingers tangling in Klavier’s hair, she could not keep from momentarily closing her eyes at this point, struggling to keep standing. She barely managed to catch Simon licking his lips when she opened them again, and almost unconsciously did the same in response.


Too bad I already agreed to let him suck you off…


Klavier obviously remembered her words in that regard, as well; he straightened, kissed her once more, letting her taste her own essence, and then turned toward Simon while pushing his own pants and underwear down teasingly slowly, until he was as naked as