to ascertain the extent of any internal injuries.She felt the other woman’s pulse again.  It seemed a bit stronger than it had been before.  Jurot let out a sigh of relief and promptly started coughing.  This was no good.  She needed a few gulps of fresh air.  Quickly she lifted the mask from Torres’ face and put it over her own mouth, relishing the soothing feeling of clean air in her lungs.  

She’d have to find a way to repair the other oxygen mask, Jurot thought to herself.  Every breath of the planet’s atmosphere was one too many.  She could feel the stinging of her windpipe and lungs become more insistent and tried to resist the urge to cough.  Coughing would only make it worse.  

Jurot carefully reached over to unstrap the oxygen tank from the still unconscious body of her teammate.  Maybe she could somehow fix the device.She pried open the compartment of the control mechanism, but without the proper tools and in the dim light it was difficult to see what exactly was wrong with it.  

While she was thinking, Jurot felt the body next to her stir ever so slightly, and her senses flooded with pain briefly before Torres woke up with a long groan.  Jurot immediately put her hands around the woman’s head to keep her still.  

“Try not to move Lieutenant.  You may have injured your spine at impact.”  

Torres blinked furiously with a confused look in her eyes.   

“What happened?”  She croaked.  

“There was an explosion when we started transporting the minerals.  We can’t contact Voyager unless we find a way out of the caves.  And without a tricorder, that won’t be easy.”  

She was interrupted by a coughing fit.  

“I need some air.  Can you hold your breath for a few seconds?  Try not to inhale this stuff if you can.”  She asked her superior.  

“Sure.”  Torres slurred.  

Swiftly Jurot put on the mask and took a few deep breaths while the other woman patiently held her breath.  

“The other mask is busted.”  Jurot started as she hooked B’Elanna up again.  “The carbon filters were malfunctioning.  You almost poisoned yourself.”  

Torres spoke slowly.  “Is that why my head feels like it is stuffed with cotton balls?”  

Jurot smiled briefly.  “Yep.  Are you in a lot of pain?”  

The other woman grimaced.  “No.”  

“Liar.”  Jurot scowled as she gently probed the Lieutenants body.  “I think you’re bleeding internally, but without a tricorder I can’t say how bad it is.  It would be best if you didn’t move.”  

“I’m not going anywhere.”  

Jurot grinned.  “Well, your sense of humor is still intact.  You’ll live.  Hey, could I get some more of that oxygen?”  

“All yours.”  Torres said, dutifully preparing to hold her breath.  

She watched as Jurot hungrily breathed the clean air and waited until the mask was on her own face again before she spoke.

“Can you repair the other one?”  

Jurot shook her head.  “Not without new filters.”  

They stayed silent for a moment.  

“These masks contain three filters each, don’t they?”  Torres struggled to clear the fog in her head.  It made thinking quite a challenge.  

Sensing where the other woman was going, Jurot chipped in.  “Take one out of yours and put it in this one?”

“You read my mind.”  Torres sounded tired.  “According to Starfleet regulations the absolute minimum is two filters.  But one has to be better than none.”

Jurot hesitated.  It seemed stupid to risk damaging the one good oxygen mask they had.  But the burning in her lungs was getting worse with every breath she took.  And the Lieutenant needed as much pure air as she could get as well.  Something had to be done.  

“Alright.”  Jurot said in a raspy voice.  “Let’s find out if we can remove the malfunctioning filters from their casing without the proper tools.”  She coughed violently again.  “I need some air first.”

~ * ~

“Okay, here goes.”  Jurot’s voice was barely audible.  It hurt to talk.  It hurt to breathe.  Her lungs and windpipe felt like they were on fire.  If this went wrong then she’d be in serious trouble.  

She switched on the air supply and checked the display.  A warning flashed on the screen saying that the system was operating with only one filter pack.  Jurot quickly overwrote the safeties and a fraction of a second later she felt a hiss of air against her face.  

Tentatively she took a few breaths, monitoring the readings on the tiny screen.  The carbon dioxide levels were high, but still a little below the safety threshold.  

“It worked.”  She mumbled, feeling extremely relieved.

The clean air appeased the burning in Jurot’s lungs somewhat and she suddenly felt how exhausted she was.  In the back of her mind she could feel Torres’ discomfort and she scooted over to her senior officer, settling next to her.  

“How are you holding up Sir?”  She asked the half-Klingon