to keep that opinion to myself.

                “Anyway, Your Majesty, I’m afraid I can’t help you there. If you are still concerned, however, you may consult with that worthless man over there in the corner.” She turns her head up, nearly smacking me across the face with her flaming red ponytail. “That is, if he hasn’t passed out due to my brilliance and his own unbearable weakness.”

                I’m not the least bit surprised to find Lord von Voltaire Gwendal slumped inside a suspicious-looking fish tank.

                “Y-Your Majesty…” He looks like he wants to hide his embarrassing state from me, but since he barely has enough strength to speak as it is, he soon gives up the attempt. “How may I help you?”

                Asking a man on the verge of life and death about chest hair seems like the very kind of trivial thing Miss Anissina was accusing all men of. “N-nothing…”

                “Is that so?” Even exhausted to an inch of his life, the oldest son is too sharp to fall for my awful acting skills. “Whatever it is, Your Majesty, perhaps you should consider asking His Eminence or Lord Weller before coming to Anissina…”

                The way his head lolls off as he finally succumbs to unconsciousness convinces me to take that advice.

                For some reason, I don’t feel like asking Murata. For one, he obviously doesn’t have any chest hair either, and for another, I don’t trust him not to blab about it to the girls back home. When it comes to matters of national or global importance, he knows exactly what to say, what not to say, to whom, when, where, how, all those things that have my head spinning when I even try to consider them. But that’s only when he’s in his Great Sage mode. I know it’s not good for him to stay like that too much—he’s starting to have wrinkles just like Gwen’s—and I do like him much better when he’s just Murata Ken, 16 going on 17, my only hope in graduating, and my best—and only—friend on Earth.

                But then again, that same Murata Ken told everyone who would listen that I was dumped for an anime character, so I’ve learned to control the things I tell him. As long as they’re not of national or global importance, of course.

                That leaves—

                “Chest hair?” My godfather looks amused as he jumps gracefully off his horse. “Why would you ask?”

                “Well, you know,” I say sheepishly, feeling more like a kid and less like a king whenever I’m around the man who named me. “To seem manlier, I guess. The muscle training helps, thanks, but I thought…”

                He smiles knowingly, eyes twinkling. “I see. Well, as far as I know, men grow chest hair naturally once they reach a certain period in their lives. Perhaps you just have to wait it out.”

                “I know that, but…” How can I say that all these beautiful Mazoku make me feel physically inferior, when Conrad is himself one of them? “Is there any way to speed up the process?”

                “Hmm…” He tries to think about it seriously for a moment. “Someone told me it might help if you go shirtless. Give your chest some air or something.”

                “…Who’s that someone?”

                “Gurrier,” he admits. “I’m not sure if Your Majesty has seen it, but he really has some splendid foliage up front.”

                Which he hides under frilly blouses and pigeons, right.

                It doesn’t sound very likely, but it’s the only pointer I got all day. Still, though I know some dads like a little freedom when they’re at home, I can’t even imagine the reaction from the staff if I started strutting around shirtless. I know for sure Wolfram will string me up for that. He’s gotten more understanding recently, but not that understanding. In fact, he’ll probably freak if I show anyone but him something as ‘private’ as my chest.

                Anyone but him…

                When Wolf comes into our room that night, he raises an eyebrow in surprise. “Are you trying to seduce me?”

                I almost give up the plan right there and then, sitting in bed with nothing on but my boxers. Sagging my shoulders, I bury my face into my knees to hide the heat in my cheeks and reply with a muffled ‘no’.

                That’s why I never asked him. He’s too beautiful, even compared to all the other unfairly good-looking Mazoku around him. Too perfect.

                I can’t help a peek when he takes off his uniform, reaching for his nightie. Yup, smooth as porcelain and completely bare. He doesn’t need chest hair or muscle mass to look masculine. As gorgeous as he is, even in a nightdress, there’s no mistaking the manliness in that sunshine-