a result of their soul-bond that she laughed so easily, so genuinely, with him?

 

She pondered the question while he led her inside to be greeted warmly by the staff – most of whom were relatives, he said as he introduced them. Natasha responded automatically, slipping into the persona she wore most often, while she considered what was happening.

 

They were, she realized, getting along. More, she was actually enjoying Rumlow’s company. How was that possible, when they were enemies? Or they had been. What were they now?

 

Soulmates, if their words could be believed.

 

Then he was holding her chair for her, and she focused on him once more.

 

"You’re good," he said as he took the chair opposite her. Natasha tried not to think of it as an adversarial position. "They didn’t even realize you weren’t paying attention."

 

"I was," Natasha corrected. "Just not only to them."

 

"Uh-huh."

 

"That’s your cousin Gianna at the register. She’s in graduate school studying to be a social worker. Your uncle Joey’s the chef, and he and your Nana have been arguing about whether or not anchovies truly belong in puttanesca. Shall I continue?"

 

"All right, I’m impressed." Rumlow paused while their server – Leanne, not one of the family – brought a bottle of red wine and opened it. Rumlow tasted it and nodded, and Leanne poured a glass for each of them, then left them alone.

 

Natasha took a sip, savored the complexity of flavors, and decided that at least her soulmate had good taste in wine.

 

"What else were you paying attention to?" Rumlow asked.

 

Natasha took another sip, then set her glass aside and sat back, studying him. "I was thinking that you hadn’t answered my question."

 

He studied her in return. "What do you think the answer is?"

 

Natasha raised an eyebrow at his tactic. "Why does my opinion matter?"

 

"I’d like to see how you think. And what you think of me at this point."

 

Natasha smiled. This was the kind of challenge she enjoyed. "All right." She took another sip of wine, was interrupted by Leanne’s return.

 

"Your usual?" she asked Rumlow.

 

"Yes, please," he said.

 

"What’s your usual?" Natasha asked.

 

"Trust me enough to have it, too?" Rumlow countered.

 

"Well, it’s unlikely you’ll poison yourself, so sure."

 

Which might not have been the best thing to say in front of the college student serving them, Natasha realized. But Rumlow was laughing.

 

"Make it two," he told Leanne. "With pasta e fagiole to start."

 

Leanne nodded and, with a last dubious glance at Natasha, left them alone again.

 

"Zola said that Hydra was founded on the belief that people couldn’t be trusted with their own freedom," Natasha said. "Each side of your family seems to be a counter-argument. Your father’s side has a history of fighting for, dying for, that freedom. Your mother’s side came to America to pursue that freedom. Both sides agree that freedom is worth sacrificing everything that matters."

 

"Huh." Rumlow shook his head. "I hadn’t thought of it like that before. It’s a good point."

 

"With that background, especially since you went into the service yourself, something must have happened to change your beliefs." Natasha studied him. "Something while you were in service?"

 

"It wasn’t one event," Rumlow said. "It was a culmination. And I never entirely agreed with Zola’s philosophy."

 

"You agreed enough."

 

"I didn’t want to."

 

Natasha made a noncommittal noise, encouraging him to continue.

 

"You’re right about my family – both sides. I grew up on apple pie in the land of opportunity. America, right or wrong, in a nutshell. And then my father got shipped off to Vietnam."

 

Rumlow sat back as Leanne arrived with their soup and a basket of garlic bread.

 

"Try it," he said.

 

Natasha wasn’t sure whether he meant the soup or the bread, so she took a bite of each, her eyes widening as flavors burst on her tongue. Rumlow just smiled as he took a spoonful of soup.

 

"I didn’t have a problem with the protesters," he said. "Even as a kid, my folks made sure I knew that people could say whatever they wanted, within reason, like not yelling fire in a crowded theater. Freedom was supposed to be exercised responsibly, though they never said it out loud."

 

"Responsibility is the reverse of the coin of freedom," Natasha agreed.

 

"Poetically put." Rumlow lifted his glass in acknowledgment, took a swallow before continuing. "But what I saw then, when Pop and others came home – that wasn’t the responsible exercise of freedom. That was people calling honorable soldiers the vilest of