. Red speaks up again to say, "I don't understand how you don't like Sybil. Everyone likes Sybil."

"Not everyone," Boxer says mildly without looking at her. Above her head, Boxer's gaze turns from side to side, keeping an eye on their surroundings and the people nearby. When someone's gaze lingers a moment too long, Boxer steps between them and Red and holds eye contact with the stranger. Invariably, they are either embarrassed or intimidated, and they continue on their way. "I don't like her."

"Less than half a percent still rounds down to zero," Red reminds him. 

"Ouch," Boxer chuckles. "Got me there."

Sybil's office is within walking distance of Red's apartment. They keep up light chatter until they reach her door. Boxer says the same thing every time he drops her off - 'Have a good night, Red. I'll see you tomorrow.' - but this time, she turns around and cuts him off before he can get out more than the first word. "Do you want to come in for coffee?"

Looking up, Red is charmed all over again by how expressive Boxer's face is. His jawline and cheekbones are sharp and fine, and his expression pulls tight against his features in surprise. She doesn't know his real name, doesn't even know what fields he Selected as his life work, but she knows every thought that crosses his mind just be looking at his face. Every smile is a frown for Sybil, every glare at a stranger is a warning, every glance to the painted sky is full of quiet admiration.

Whenever Boxer looks at Red, his features soften just a tad. When he thinks she isn't looking, his eyes are gentle, his lips part slightly, he leans towards her. 

She wonders what her face looks like when she looks at him.

"It's not professional."

"Off the clock," she urges. 

He nods, just slightly, a tilt of the head. Red unlocks the door and leads the way in.

-

They actually have coffee. Red's clothes only come off while she's alone in her bedroom, changing into pajamas because it's late and she wants to be comfortable while they talk. Red knows that people find her beautiful, that her voice is lovely, and that sex helps to keep her partners emotionally attached. Boxer is content to look at her while she speaks, to listen and contribute when she talks about things that are important to her, and he's already emotionally attached without them falling into bed together.

"I'm still angry about that fight," Red confesses, leaning back into his warm chest. One of his arms is around her waist like a seatbelt, keeping her securely against him. The other is playing with her bangs, running his fingers through them like Red so often does. "No physical altercations in Cloudbank in four years, and someone starts a fight at one of my concerts."

"I read about that," Boxer says. 

Red read about it too. She'd secluded herself afterwards and didn't leave her apartment until she'd hired Boxer as a bodyguard, through a friend's recommendation. She hadn't spoken to any of her music-related friends, even Sybil, until she felt safe enough to walk outside again. An actual fight. The only way for her to hear about the aftermath and public opinion of the incident had been to read the articles that OVC published about the matter.

"The administrators released a statement clearing me of wrongdoing, you know," she says bitterly. His arm grips her a little more tightly. "Because I might have somehow intended for a song opposing the homogenization of public opinion to lead to violence."

"It was 'We All Become'? I like that one."

Red turned in his grip, although it took a moment for him to loosen his arm enough to allow her to do so. "I didn't know you're a fan," she says as she studies his face.

Boxer's face flushes a little in embarrassment. He avoids eye contact. "I started listening just before you hired me," he confesses. "After the Goldwalk Channel won the vote."

"That's Chein's project, right?" Niola Chein's most recent project was the Channel, a gallery space for artists who worked with unpopular topics or mediums. The alternate, also popular possibility for the space had been a metro station to connect Goldwalk to Highrise, where Red lives. Red had abstained from voting on the matter, mostly because while she fully believed in supporting other people in the art community, she also really liked the idea of getting to Goldwalk twice as fast.

"Before 'We All Become' hit the charts, the Channel was polled at 23% of the popular vote. After it became popular, when the vote actually went through, the Channel won with 54% of the vote."

Red stares at him. "You can't...."