would feel to have every morning like this. With Kai brewing coffee for him in nothing but his underwear.

 

"Just shut up and never talk about last night again", Kyungsoo gets the courage say and he grabs his boxers from the ground and tries to pull them on as discreetly as possible. After the intimate last night talking becomes a bit easier. "You didn't enjoy it? Because I very much did", Kai asks shamelessly again and Kyungsoo makes the mistake of turning to glare at Kai only to catch the man only in his boxers, spreading butter on toast grinning at Kyungsoo's flushed look. 

 

"It was good, now let's never talk again", Kyungsoo tells and reaches for his t-shirt, pulling it over his head. It smells of sweat and mistakes. "You could borrow mine, you know?", Kai suggests and Kyungsoo shakes his head violently.

 

"The sooner this is over the better", he tells and stands up to pull his jeans on. "So we're not going to be fuck buddies? Shame", Kai comments and walks back to Kyungsoo to give him a piece of bread, and bites into his own while scanning Kyungsoo from head to toes. 

 

"You still look good, impressive", Kai compliments and Kyungsoo bites into the bread aggressively and goes to open the other door, to indeed reveal a bathroom. He decides to pretend he didn't hear what the other just said. Kai chuckles and follows him to the doorway and watches as Kyungsoo leans in closer to the mirror to inspect the damage. There's purple and red batches all over his neck and he curses.  

 

"You don't happen to have any foundation to cover this mess up?", Kyungsoo asks, ignoring the small cut in his lower lip and the sweaty, messy hair. "I do, but it's too dark for you", Kai tells and Kyungsoo rolls his eyes and decides to leave it then.

 

"I'm not going anywhere today anyway", he mumbles to himself and exits the bathroom, ignoring the small brush against Kai's arm while walking past him. The coffee's ready and Kai pours a cup for him and settles it in Kyungsoo's hand. Kai then walks into the bathroom and proceeds to brush his teeth. Kyungsoo can't not stare at his boxer clad ass while he goes.

 

With amazing willpower Kyungsoo downs his coffee that's too strong for his liking in only a few gulps. He ignores the burning feeling in his throat and tells himself how bad he needs the caffeine. He finishes his bread, and pushes the thought of how Kai made this for him and stands up. He spots his bag where he left it and the coat lying right next to it. Glancing at Kai who's watching him while brushing his teeth in the doorway of the bathroom, he fetches his coat and throws it on. 

 

"I'll be going, don't even acknowledge me if you come across me", Kyungsoo demands and grabs his bag from the floor. "You don't want a ride back home?", Kai asks and Kyungsoo shakes his head roughly. "No thanks", he says and exits the apartment leaving Kai grinning. This was definitely the first time someone was so keen on leaving him after a one night stand. Usually they cling onto him as if wishing Kai had fallen in love with them or something. He rarely even brew them coffee, too annoyed at their stupid ways of trying to stay and then ending up kicking them out. 

 

Kyungsoo definitely wasn't like the others. 

 

Spitting out the remnants of the toothpaste, he finished up the cleaning and went to grab some clothes while sipping his coffee. 

 

 

"Hey Sehun, you still have that suit that's way too big for you right?", Kai asks through the phone as he sits on the seat of his car, a leather jacket covering a blue t-shirt. He's also wearing black skinnies and his gray chucks are clearly becoming too cold for this weather. He vows to buy winter shoes once the snow comes. 

 

"Yeah, why?", Sehun asks and judging from his voice he's clearly just woken up. "Joonmyun just needs a favor", Kai tells and Sehun scoffs.

 

"I'm telling you, he only ever uses you. When has he ever helped you?", Sehun asks and Kai laughs. "You know my apartment? He bought it for me"; Kai answers and takes a right turn. "Wow, amazing. If he's going to buy you an apartment, why not buy a decent one, that place is a shithole", Sehun complains and Kai rolls his eye while stopping at the red light. He lands his hands in his lap and watches the light intently.

 

"Shut the fuck up, at least I'm not living with my parents", he bites back and Sehun laughs. "They're never fucking home so I might as well live alone", Kai agrees but doesn't say anything back. 

 

"Anyway, I had a good fuck last night", Kai informs and Sehun groans. "