sentence and holds out his hand just to touch Zayn’s. He feels a creep when the lad shakes his and Louis doesn’t really want to let go but has to. Zayn probably takes it as an invitation because he hops on the stool next to his and orders a beer.

He suddenly remembers why he’s sitting into that shitty pub and looks around.

“Are you waiting for someone?” Handso- Zayn asks then and Louis notices his accent and briefly wonders how would his name sound moaned by the stranger’s lips. He shakes his head both to reply to Zayn and to get rid of the thought.

“No, I’m –uh– never  mind.” He has to look stupid as he sounds, because Zayn chuckles and even if in that moment it’s the cutest sound on earth, he feels like a massive idiot. He is, actually.

“So, why are you alone?” Zayn tries again and Louis really wonders why he’s still there, why he has approached him in the first place. It’s not like he’s particularly neat –his clothes aren’t completely clean and he’s even unshaved and that gives him like, ten years more.

“Because I, err,  didn’t have anyone to bring with me?” he says lowly and wants to punch himself because, hey, self-pity it’s not attractive. 

Zayn frowns but he hasn’t the time to say anything remotely cheesy because the door opens and she’s finally here.

Louis ducks a bit and uses Zayn as shield because she knows him, has seen him with Niall and even invited him and Eleanor at dinner once, so he's kind of sorry when he realizes he can’t remember her name.

Zayn turns around confused, sees a man guiding Her to a table, hand on the small of her back, and  turns again.

“Is that your wife?” he asks and his frown deepens –it’s terribly cute and Louis hates it, hates himself  and Niall altogether. He straightens up again because She’s not facing him anymore.

“No, not mine.” He says slowly, not clarifying anything as his hand instinctively goes to touch his wedding ring, but it’s not there, obviously.

 Zayn notices. Louis doesn’t.

He watches Her kissing the man and sighs. “It’s my friend’s wife.”  He expalins and makes a face “Well soon-to-be ex, I suppose.”

Zayn nods and sips his drink, “So, you came here to uncover an adultery and not to chat handsome boys up?” he adds with a cheeky grin and Louis has the sudden urge to lean forward and learn what it tastes like.

“I’m too old for you.” He blurts out without really answering and Zayn laughs.

“Maybe I like ‘em old.”

“Oh,” Louis licks his lips and does not feel slightly jealous at the thought of him with other men “then maybe, you’re too young for me.”

“I’m legal, I swear” Zayn smiles amused and drinks again and Louis tries, he truly does, so hard not to stare at the lips wrapped around the bottle but there’s no use. The boy wipes his (so red) mouth with the back of his hand and adds “I don't think you really mind either, so what’s the problem?”

Louis hesitates, abruptly shier, looking anywhere but Zayn and eventually fixing his gaze on the unfinished drink in front of him, feeling uneasy. He mumbles something.

“Excuse me?” He asks and leans closer. The brunette finishes his drink in one shot and closes his eyes -he’s actually blushing now.

“I’ve never been with a man” he confesses, touching again his annular and waiting for the teasing and the jokes.

“Oh,” And it’s finally Zayn’s turn to be speechless. Louis isn’t brave enough to look at him.

“I’ll teach you then.”

Louis looks up, possibly gaping, “What?”

 “I’ll teach you.” He whispers into his ear and grins brightly.

+++

 

That night Zayn undoubtedly teaches him.

Repeatedly.

And with different methods.

 

+++

His phone’s annoying ringtone wakes him up the next morning. He reaches blindly for it on the nightstand, but learns that there isn’t one. Louis cracks one eye open, the dazzling morning light blinding him momentarily,  and he remembers where he is. He stretches out of the bed, still a little confused and finds his phone on the floor.

“Hello.” Niall exclaims when he finally pushes the green button.

“Mmph” Is the only thing he can articulate. His friend sighs and Louis is sure he’s shaking his head.

“You’ve got no right to be grumpy, Louis, it’s almost 1 pm.”

“Shit, really? What day is it today?” he asks slightly alarmed, rubbing his eye.

“Relax dude, it’s Sunday.