edges of the plastic tape of a bandage on Fareeha’s cheek. Her dark eyelashes fluttered in her sleep, dreaming with a twitch about who knew what, and Angela felt her lips curve up into a smile watching her.

“I love you so much,” she mumbled to herself in the calm of the night. “I really, really, love you.”

Fareeha smiled a little even in her sleep, and Angela felt her embrace tighten around her waist.

“…I love you too.” Fareeha mumbled to the surprise of Angela, waking up from the small, genuine words of her partner, and after a momentary pause, Angela grinned with almost a relief she didn’t know she needed from her own thoughts.

“Good evening.” she said softly, and Fareeha grinned.

“Hello there.” Fareeha spoke through a dulcet tone of sleep, and pulled Angela close. She pressed the tip of her nose softly into the crook of Angela’s neck, and spoke muffled. “You need to be closer to me.”

“I agree." Angela replied with a chipper laugh, and placed her hands gently either side of Fareeha’s face as she leant back. “I was just watching you sleep. You were dreaming.”

Fareeha laughed, and kissed at Angela’s neck.

“I don’t need to dream anymore when you’re right here.”

Angela felt her heart melt a little, before Fareeha’s hand reached towards her thighs, and that melting turned into a warm sensation at the pit of her stomach. She squirmed a little against Fareeha’s lips, trying not to let her hands immediately wander up Fareeha’s back, and smiled into their kiss.

“Hey, now…” Angela began with a bashful smile as Fareeha pulled her even closer, and placed her hands on her cheeks. “I want to talk to you about something.”

“We can always talk after.”

Angela laughed, as Fareeha grinned mischievously. 

“I’m serious!” she replied with indignant attitude, and Fareeha sighed playfully. “I really am serious, Fareeha. I want to talk to you about something.”

“Okay.” she replied, and lay back against the headboard. Angela bit the inside of her cheek in an effort to maintain her serious composure, despite just how handsome Fareeha looked against the moonlight, tussled, and still worn out from how much sex they had earlier on. Angela cleared her throat, and Fareeha looked smugly at her lover. “What are you thinking about, I wonder?”

“Anyway,” Angela quickly moved on to a laugh from Fareeha. “I just…”

The soldier looked at her with confusion.

“Hm…?” she began, and shuffled a little closer. “What’s on your mind?”

“I worry.”

“About?”

“About you. About the both of us out there.” she continued, and a dark expression overcame her face. “If something were to happen to me…”

“Don’t say that.” Fareeha replied firmly, and Angela looked at her with conviction.

“If something were to happen to me,” she continued, and Fareeha looked uncomfortable. “Where would that put you? I couldn’t rush to your aid. I couldn’t be there for you.”

“I would kill the person responsible for harming you.”

“But that’s just it, Fareeha. I don’t want you to kill anyone anymore. I don’t want me to have to cry my insides out every time I have to resuscitate you. I don't enjoy any of it, you know? I hate seeing the woman I love bloodied and bruised to the point of almost no return. I don’t want the nightmares to plague me anymore, Fareeha. I love you too much.”

Fareeha looked away to the window from Angela, and Angela knew she was close to tears. Both of them were.

“I just want…I want you to -”

Her lips were covered.

There was no talking from that moment onwards, for at least five minutes solid. Without interruption, without pause, without hesitation. Their lips came together like soft magnets, moving against each other perfectly, flicks of tongues against the edges of their mouths, and teeth grazing the tips of their lips in their passion. Angela could taste her kisses from before all over Fareeha’s lips.

Fareeha pulled Angela on top of her, possessively, with a fire lit up in her heart like never before, and the tears of the former conversation long a thing of the past to her. Angela gripped to Fareeha’s hard shoulders, kissing her with all of the love and ferocity she held deep in her heart, and squeezing her legs around Fareeha’s waist tight. Fareeha grunted as she pulled Angela close, and Angela couldn’t help but let out a moan each time their weight shifted along together.

“Fareeha…” she mumbled breathlessly, and she soon found herself, after a time, lay on her back, with Fareeha kissing down her chest and across her stomach.

“I always want you.” she exclaimed softly against the shell of Angela