swirl of lust and nervousness.

“No, that’s not a good idea Christa,” Ymir said darkly.

“Why?” She felt hurt; she was sure Ymir wouldn’t reject her.

The brunette scratched her head and sighed, “We’re not even together and you’re too young. I don’t want you to do something you’ll regret,”

“Why would I regret it when I’m the one asking for it? I’m a teenager and I have needs… and you’re the only person I’d want to do that with.” 

I can’t believe this is happening. Ymir thought with an internal sigh. Of course I want this but is she really ready? Is she just saying this because she thinks it’s something I want?

Turning around to properly face the blonde, Ymir put her hands on her shoulders and surveyed at her seriously. “Are you sure you want this? You’re not just doing this to please me?” 

Christa leaned her head forward and gave Ymir a soft kiss before pulling away so their faces were still close. “I’m asking, aren’t I? Don’t act like you’ve never thought about this.”

“Fine, you win,” was the last thing the brunette uttered before capturing the blonde’s lips with her own; Christa’s eyes widened as Ymir’s arms wrapped around her back and pulled her close.

Closing her eyes, Christa matched her mouth with Ymir’s as their lips moved together. It was clumsy because they both felt anxious but it ignited a passionate flame that they shared. Ymir broke the kiss and began to focus on Christa’s creamy white neck; she planted hot kisses before stopped at her collarbone to suck.

Christa gasped and her body flinched as she felt an uncomfortable heat between her legs. It felt weird because it was so intense. Before she had time to adjust, she felt Ymir begin to undo the buttons on her shirt. Ymir was so damn eager.

Once Ymir had finished with the last button, she pulled the shirt off the blonde and admired her body with a smirk. Her pink bra advertised her impressive bust that was definitely bigger than Ymir’s. It wasn’t the first time she’d seen Christa like this because the brunette was guilty of stealing glances of her in her underwear but it was the first time Christa’s body was available to Ymir so it was very exciting, and arousing…

Like a pro, Ymir darted her hands behind Christa’s back and unclipped her bra in less than a second, pulling it off and throwing it off the bed. The blonde’s horrified gasp was delayed by a few seconds because she was still processing how fast Ymir had unclothed her and she fell back onto the bed on her back, arms spread.

“Your breasts are fucking gorgeous,” Ymir purred as she straddled Christa. 

Christa squirmed as Ymir’s hands wandered over her chest. She felt so exposed it was uncomfortable. The brunette’s long fingers reached her nipples and stroked them, sending a jolt through Christa. It was too intense, she couldn’t take it anymore.

“’Mir, wait,” the blonde muttered, flicking Ymir’s hands away and covering up her own breasts.

“What’s wrong? You don’t like this?” the brunette asked, cocking her eyebrow.

“No, um, it’s just…” 

Ymir climbed off her friend and smiled at her, “Christa, it’s fine if you’re not ready. Don’t push yourself.”

The blonde sat up, trying to cover her breasts with her hands and blushed heavily. Putting her out of her misery, Ymir reached for her bra and passed it to her, turning away as she re clothed herself.

“Sorry Ymir, you were right to begin with. Sorry for messing you around. It’s not that I didn’t like it; it was just too much all of a sudden. I think, if we did it in the future, I’d like it a lot.”

“Hey, don’t beat yourself up. We tried something new and it didn’t work out. At least you know,” Ymir said putting an arm around Christa, rubbing her shoulder soothingly. 

They sat like that for a while, Christa resting her head on Ymir’s shoulder while inhaling her familiar scent as Ymir rubbed her back. Their position eventually shifted into Christa lying down on the bed with Ymir’s head resting on her chest with her eyes closed, feeling Christa run her hands through her dark hair.

I love you so much Ymir thought hopelessly, not knowing if she’d ever be able to say those words to Christa.

Neither of them were aware of how much time had passed. It could have been hours for all they knew. Christa had finally calmed down into a relaxed state and felt like she barely even cared if any of the girls walked in on them cuddling; she probably wouldn’t even have the resolve to break away from