his voice as well, and the 'domestic dispute' is right on time.

They already have a strained marriage, but it didn't help when we had kept the man out all day with a nice girl who was more than willing to help for a few Ryou. Infidelity being a major issue in their marriage already: Lies, sneaking around, absence around the house, these are all contributing factors as well.

I open my eyes and cut forward through the darkness. 20 yards… 10 yards… 3 yards, JUMP. I land silently on the other side of the fence, and turn slightly to my right, cutting through the angry shouts of accusations.

I reach the tree, then stop for a moment to check my surroundings. I can sense no one approaching, I can hear no one moving, and I can feel that I have just captured victory. I turn to the left, rushing forward to the steps; one quick hop clears them.

I silently open the door, and rush toward the bed. There she is, sound asleep. A quick genjutsu will ensure she stays so. A grab her, and carefully put her in the sack I have prepared for this moment.

It isn't really anything that suits 'nobility' such as her, just a plain potato sack, but that really isn't anything that concerns me at the moment. What concerns me is that the argument has quieted.

They were supposed to be the cover, their argument would've not only kept them distracted, but it would've kept everyone else in their rooms until it was done. This is not good; I can sense movement. I need to get out of here; I need to keep the mission's accomplishment in reach. I effortlessly sling the sack over my shoulder and turn to leave the increasingly dangerous manor.

I cut through the cool night air, and through the quiet shuffling starting up from several different areas. My speed was not impeded by the additional 35 lbs. slung over my shoulder, and neither were my nimble movements. My heart sped, and my adrenaline pumped, as this was not a good position for anyone to be, but no one would ever be able to tell that from my outwards appearance.

I appeared calm and collected, not even sweat on my brow, as I sliced through the night, staying undetected in a house full of men and woman known for their observation, awareness and perception.

I make it to the wall, without being spotted. The words "Mission Accomplished" escape my lips as I jump the wall. I hate speaking too soon, it never ends well for me.

"You there! ALERT! An intruder just jumped over the east wall!" some insignificant worm just shouted. He is the luckiest person on this earth at the moment, as I am unable to see his face before I clear the wall.

I land on the other side, fluidly shifting my weight with the potato sack, and dash through the alarm-filled night air. I rush towards hideout spot #1, a small, unoccupied house. Well, it used to be occupied, but I put the previous residents to sleep for a bit so I could use it.

I entered the house, and quickly put the girl in a bed snuggled against the woman who owns the house. I strip my stolen Konoha uniform, revealing the civilian clothes beneath it. I hang the outfit up in the closet, along with four other outfits, and I recline into the kitchen and make myself some tea.

The alarms and shouts are still going on outside, and I sit at the kitchen table and open some idiotic book about something or other, and start reading. A minute later, I take the tea off the burner, and pour myself a cup. I take a sip… it is disgusting. I don't know whether it's the brand, the water or if it is just old, but it is all I can do to hold it down and pretend to drink it.

A few minute later, a series of knocks echo through the house, and I answer the door. "What are you doing here at this hour?" I asked aggressively, as if it was my house, and my relaxation he was disturbing.

The man had pale eyes, and he bowed slightly, "Sorry to have disturbed you sir, but have you seen or heard anyone come through here?" he asked, and I could tell he activated his byakugan as the veins around his eyes became even more pronounced.

His eyes hardened as he watched me, analyzing everything from my heartbeat to my body language to my chakra network, looking me over for any signs of change in my chemistry at the mention of this "suspicious person."

He found none, as I have trained for this very moment. My heart beats calm, my body stays firm, and my chakra flows at a normal pace. I am nothing more than an angry citizen disturbed from his slumber.

"No, I haven't. What's going on anyway? Why the hell am I woken up at this hour