.  How does he get into these messes?  One minute he’s messing around with Sandy Thomson, the next she’s accusing him of being a virgin, or gay, or a gay virgin, and the next the whole school thinks he has an older girlfriend (named Diana of all things) who he keeps secret because he doesn’t want her going to jail.  Maybe Sam shouldn’t have played along, shouldn’t have described her as having soft pink lips and green, green eyes, but all he could think of was how great it was rubbing it in Sandy’s face when other girls batted their eyelashes at him.  Fuck he was pathetic.  Because now all he had was a blotchy bruise on his neck, a big brother who thought he was he was weird (which he was), and a lie that was just waiting to blow up in his face. 

 

It takes a few moments for Sam to realize that the water is no longer running.  And it doesn’t register until Dean is standing in front of him, barefoot, in only his jeans, beads of water running down his toned, naked chest, toweling his hair off. 

“Alright.” He says. 

 

“Wha-?” Sam swallows audibly. 

 

“If you say you need a hickey, then you need a hickey.”

 

Sam wants to protest.  Wants to say that he doesn’t need to do anything.  That he’ll gladly take the heat at school for however long they have to stay here.  But all he does is nod his head as his big brother takes the seat next to him and cups his chin, twists him to examine the blotchy little bruise.  “We should fix this.” Dean lets out, in a gravelly voice; it’s a little different from his every day voice, not dissimilar to how he sounds after a good hunt, when his adrenaline is spiked high. 

 

“Dean, I-“ is as far as he gets before he feels his big brother nuzzling at his neck.  It starts out slow, and a little confusing to be honest.  Small little kisses that are surprisingly gentle, followed by an attentive lick down Sam’s jaw, and little feather light nips.  Sam’s pulse quickens.  This is so very different from anything he’s ever experienced, however limited that experience may be.  It feels wrong, it is wrong, yet at the same time it feels so much better than anything he’s ever done before.  Sam’s heart is caught in his throat.   His breath quickens as Dean clamps down on his neck and begins to suck.  It’s got a strange rhythm; suck, kiss, nip, lick; that makes his blood flow faster in between each bite.  Dean’s  left hand snakes itself into Sam’s hair, pulls him back a little to get  closer into his neck, and Sam hisses a little from the pain mingled  with excitement.  He can feel Dean smile against his skin before continuing to work a little harder on his neck.  Dean’s  free hand presses against Sam’s stomach, causing it to knot in on  itself, heat pooling low into the very pit, and it is at this moment  that Sam realizes he’s half hard.  Sam gasps moans a little.  They  should stop, his neck is most likely already marked, and what he’s  feeling- what they’re doing- This should not be happening between  brothers.  

It takes all his strength, all his resolve, but finally Sam takes in a shuttered breath and lets out- “Dean-“  The  rest of the words, whatever they were, collapse in his throat, pool in  his stomach and wrench themselves there as Dean abruptly stops.  His breath is almost as heavy as Sam’s.  His face is slightly twisted with some strange emotion that might be guilt mingled with something else.  His  lips are red, swollen and shiny, and his eyes are big and dark, the  iris a thin and breakable ring of sea glass surrounding a dark void that  threatens to suck Sam in.  And Sam wants that.  He wants to lose himself in Dean.  Morality, right and wrong be damned.  He wants Dean.  He wants his brother.   

Something changes in Dean.  “My neck is tired.” He lets out, a little glint in his eye before he reaches over and pulls Sam over his lap.  “Better angle.” He smirks as Sam’s heart kicks against his ribcage and he buries himself in the crook of Sam’s neck and shoulder.  Sam places his palms on his brother’s shoulders, not knowing what to do; he begins counting each individual freckle in a useless attempt to keep control.  Dean takes hold of his hips and pulls him down against him, grinding slightly.  And it dawns on Sam that Dean’s just as hard as he is. 

 

“Dean, are you gonna- Are we-“  Sam doesn’t finish the question, doesn’t know how to, but his answer comes anyway with a tentative roll of Dean’s hips.  The pressure of pulsing hot cock against cock makes white stars flash