, furling and unfurling and—fuck!

Dean shifted to reposition his hard dick in his jeans just as Bobby sat up on the floor.

What happened? Bobby asked, sounding as if he’d just woken up from a very long nap.

Dean sighed deeply. I’ll tell you on the way back.









As it turned out, both Bobby and Sammy were much more accepting of this whole angel-thing than Dean. Sam even seemed eager to meet them and Dean guessed he could see where his brother was coming from but he dreaded having to meet that Castiel dude again. Seeing Jimmy like that had brought up a lot of painful and embarrassing memories and he was having an exceptionally hard time keeping his erections in check. Grown-ass man, he thought sourly as he nursed his beer.

I dunno, Dean. Sam was saying as they sat waiting for Bobby to get dinner ready. I think it sounds really plausible and kinda cool.

I know, you said already. Dean bit out.


Just think about it. If there’s demons, there’s bound to be a counterpart, right? Yin and yang?



What, are you fucking yoga now?


Sam snorted derisively. You can’t be yoga Dean, you—


I know!


Sam turned to stare at Dean with an epic bitch-face in place. What the hell, man? I thought you’d be happier to know it was angels and not some other crap that saved you?

Dean sighed deeply. He couldn’t tell Sam what the problem was, he kind of wanted to though, just to get some advice. But knowing Sam, that advice would probably consist mostly of talking about feelings and emotions and that would get them nowhere.


I just don’t buy the whole good things deal.



Yeah, well, didn’t that Castiel say that they had work for you?


Exactly! Dean turned to return Sam’s stare. And how is that not bothering you?

Sam sighed too. Of course it bothers me but we’ll have to figure out what they need help with before we start bitching, don’t you think? Besides, we have angels in our corner, how bad can it get?





*****





Pretty bad, apparently.


Excuse me, did you say apocalypse?



Is your hearing impaired? I’m sure I did everything right when I molded your ears.


Castiel reached for him but Dean slapped his hand away. Don’t fucking touch me, I was just expressing my disbelief.

Castiel looked less pleased at Dean’s harsh words. I didn’t just recuse you, Dean, I recreated your body. I have already touched you everywhere.

That… Fuck, that made Dean heated all over. Yeah? Well, now it’s my body again and personal space, dude.

Castiel looked at Dean like he was the most interesting thing in the whole world but right before Dean could say something else, the angel stepped back. My apologies.

Whatever. Dean was pointedly not meeting Castiel’s eyes. They reminded him too much of Jimmy and at the same time they really didn’t. Castiel sure looked like Jimmy Novak but he moved nothing like him and Dean was willing to bet money on it being Castiel’s divine form or something that was making Jimmy’s voice sound so rough. It sent shivers down Dean’s body. So, seals? he piped up when the silence was getting uncomfortable and immediately hated how highly pitched his voice sounded.


Yes. The Rising of the Witnesses, we lost this one.


Dean snorted. If it’s so important maybe you should’ve tried harder.

Oh fuck. That was definitely the wrong thing to say. Castiel’s face drew tight and he was suddenly angry. The difference was subtle but this close up Dean could clearly see it and shit, he should not be reacting the way he did in a situation like this.

The armies of heaven are not infinite, Dean. Castiel stated and slid closer in a clear threat that Dean’s stupid body apparently interpreted as sexy as fuck. Dean shifted and tried to angle his hips away from the angel. Castiel leaned even closer and Dean’s breath caught. He was so hard it fucking hurt. You should show me some respect. Castiel demanded and Dean could feel his dick leaking in his jeans. He nearly moaned. I dragged you out of hell, I can throw you back in.

Okay, yeah, that was clearly a threat and Dean sucked his lower lip in between his teeth to keep from provoking the angel anymore. Shit, he wanted Castiel to bend him over the sink and just ram him. He hadn’t felt like this for another man since forever. There was Jimmy and there’d been a security guard at Sam’s campus in Stanford but those two separate incidents were so long ago that Dean had almost forgotten what it felt like to be the prey. His whole body trembled but before he could say something else, the angel had disappeared.

The thought of those mighty wings had Dean reaching for his