in his gut and dropped to his knees, all air leaving his lungs as the colour did his face, and the third one stumbled back further away from Genji as if he was the cause of this.   

Genji felt his knees shaking when he stood up straighter. “I told you to not fucking do that! I hate that arrow of yours! You could have hit me!” he yelled into the ear-piece.

Hanzo scoffed. “Nonsense. It's simple geometry, brother. You were not in danger.”

Genji snarled back and moved. The garden was thoroughly messed up and one valuable vase had shattered. The glass floor was slippery with blood and Genji's clawed climbing shoes scratched the smooth surface, ruining it even further. The lights under the floor flashed from pink to blue and Genji raised his katana into a better position. 

Most of the low, dark wood tables were either kicked over or shot full of holes, and some of them were used as barricades in fire-fights. Even the most of the Shimada-gumi men present carried fire-arms along with their wakizashi, and almost all of them lacked the skill to get close enough to use them when the opponent had a gun. 

Not Genji. Genji didn't carry anything besides his katana and his wakizashi, the latter still sheathed on his belt. 

Genji jumped from the platform high in the air and with a battle cry dashed straight into the fire-fire, disrupting its rhythm and positions by slashing through a man who ended up on his path and jamming his blade into the nearest bystander's chest. He spun around, the katana light and nimble in his skilled hand and so sharp he barely felt any resistance when he cut flesh and bone.   

With their hiding place behind a table invaded the enemy clan's men scattered and the battle became chaotic once more. Genji yelled and cried out as he slashed with his blade, his dragon roaring with him, and just when his enemies were beginning to get him surrounded he sprang up again, tossing over in the air and dashed across the room. 

The floor was cluttered with glimmering shards of glass and porcelain that were stomped into almost fine powder by now, and Genji heard the crunching under his feet as he danced across the floor, the tables and the scattered seat pillows while swinging his blade. Wherever he looked he saw arrows raining down, sometimes one at a time, sometimes several, and every once in a while that accursed scatter one breaking apart and swishing in every direction. 

“I wish I could be some use to you down there,” Hanzo spoke to Genji's ear again with a suffering sigh. “But I'm hardly that even from up here. I simply cannot hit the mark today.”

“Oh bull,” Genji snapped as he reflected a bullet meant for him to the floor and cut the gun and the hand holding it off the man before him. 

“No, I mean it. I'm a lousy shot. I wish I wasn't, but I can't seem to help it,” Hanzo sighed, clearly frustrated and disappointed in himself. 

Genji climbed over a bamboo wall between booths again and jumped from table to table again. The floor was messy and slippery with blood, and Genji paid a passing thought to his shoes and his future-self who'd have to clean them. Hanzo continued to mutter into his ear about bad shots and disappointments, and before him Genji saw an arrow through the head saving the life of a Shimada-gumi's man who didn't even notice it. 

“That was right between the eyes! Stop complaining!” Genji snapped at his brother through his heavy breathing. 

“No, that was an accident!” Hanzo argued. “And I'm all out of arrows now. On your left, little brother.”

Genji turned his head just in time to finally see his older brother jumping over the railing and climbing down a large synthetic cherry tree, making the wind-chimes in it ring and the hard-light petals rain down and vanish as they touched the floor. 

The brothers met and Genji joined Hanzo as he dashed from body to body, yanking arrows out and stuffing them back into this quiver, even though following him meant that Genji had to listen to Hanzo's commentary on his own work.

“Such a sloppy mark, this one. And this too. A gut shot, how barbaric! Unacceptable,” he grumbled as he went, while Genji watched his back and reflected the bullets aimed at them back at their shooters, with mixed results. 

“Will you ever stop complaining, big brother?” Genji snapped as he watched the third bullet miss its mark and hit a wall. 

“Opening oneself for criticism is the path to bettering oneself,” Hanzo answered to him, suddenly serene when he got to lecture his brother, and Genji rolled his eyes. 

The fight was starting to turn to the end, one could tell by how many were laying on the ground and how the few remaining were continuing on with desperate fury. The Shimada-gumi was about to take the battle.  

“Only a