world is and I’m sure that this boy will be happier in the other world. So why bind him in this world.”

“I don’t know how you Gods live but this is how we humans live or more like this is how I live. I would do everything for Kenma to live. And besides, even if you think we are lovers, we aren’t…yet.” With a hint of embarrassment.

“I still haven’t showed and told him my feelings and there is a whole lot ahead of him I ‘m sure. He is a bright kid, but then again, I love him and I still want to be with and that is also precisely why” emphasizing the word precisely, “I want him to live.”

The person in front of still isn’t convinced of his reason for wanting the boy to live, “Then isn’t your love a selfish thing. What you care is your own self and your selfish desire for him to live which in return could cause him more to suffer in this world.”

“If you think my love is something selfish. Then so be it. I don’t care if this selfishness of mine will make him suffer, if I can be with him again, I’ll do it as many times as I can.” The person in front of him bark out a laugh. Clearly amused with his answer. “I see, you are an interesting one. But sorry to disappoint I can’t revive the dead now.” He answered. 

“No, you can do it. You are a God right?” Kuro panicking at the thought that he would never to see his friend once again and started blabbering incoherent words.


“Hey idiot, let me finish.” The God was clearly irritated at seeing Kuro panicking, “I just said I can’t revive him now. But he would be alive.” Kuro has never been this confuse all of his life. He tried to ask for clarification but does not know where to start.

“However you both will die today. As a rule of this world. Everything is given with an equivalent exchange." The God look at Kuro, expecting him to ask what he wants in return but only to see a dumbfounded face. The God sighed, knowing that the kid did not understood what he just said.


It’s a give or take in much simpler words. And since I’m a giving mood I’ll only ask for your life.” Kuro is still bewildered and can only think the God is crazy and doing an alien talk. 

“But do not be afraid, even if you die today. You two will be seeing each other after 20 years. And will be continuing so every 20 years.” The God explained.

“What do you mean every 20 years?” but the God dismisses his question, “You’ll see in time. Now let me see how far your selfish love can go. Let us see each other again in the near future.” Then the God floated near him, touched him and he felt that his soul is being suck out of him and he collapses. His vision getting darker and he looks over at Kenma one last time and saw the boy is talking to him but he can’t hear him and he tried to move closer but he can’t and his consciousness is slowly drifting into the darkness and the last thing he saw is Kenma’s smile.

20 years have passed since then...

Kuro at age eight remembered Kenma. The age where he and Kenma first met. He also remembers the day both of them died. And this time, he will find Kenma and make everything go right. As of now, he does not have any idea on how to find kenma but he trust his uncanny ability to find Kenma wherever he is.

Full of enthusiasm, he goes out of his house ready to prove to the idiot God that this selfish love of his will get them through but what he does not expect, that when the faithful day arrives, the past tragedy they have experienced is set to repeat every time they realized their love for one another for as long as they live.

"Woah, such an unsexy moan you got there."


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Year 20XX – Modern Day

Today is a very strange day. I'm feeling awfully anxious and giddy and I don't even know what's causing it. I tried to distract myself by listening to my editor who is currently explaining things with his wild gestures but sadly I have already lost him. I tried to figure out what he was talking about but I can’t seem to concentrate. The anxiousness is taking my mind off my meeting.

Subconsciously, I was tapping my pen on the table which I rarely do, it caught my editor’s attention.

"Kenma, are you having those attack again?" He asked worriedly. I wave my hand at a general direction, dismissing his thoughts.
“Are you sure?” still being persistent.

I just nod at him, hoping that my editor would stop because the