." 

Liam's listening carefully, allowing Zayn's sensual voice comb at his ears. He can tell because of the way Liam's rubbing at his rim, dipping the pad of his finger in and then out, process repeating, slinging Zayn into a hot, sultry, breathy mess beneath his larger frame. 

"I'm feelin' proud, without a doubt — oh, fuck," Zayn's singing snaps, breaks into a thunderous moan as Liam's finger inches in, dry, automatically going straight for his prostate because Liam would. Fucking ravishing bastard.

Above him, Liam's all dirty smirks and a devilish demeanor, a single strand of chestnut coloured hair hung over the expanse of his forehead, the rest of his hair slothfully waxed back with leftover products he'd spent a fortune on, wild from last nights doze. He's got an animistic aura that entwines around him, headier in intimate moments like these. Zayn thinks Liam's Beethoven's sweetest symphony, an angel sent down from the skies, and he feels beyond fourteen to have him, to be able to touch him every night, kiss him, talk to him, please him.

"Here's what's gonna happen, Wolfie." Liam says, nickname travelling straight to Zayn's cock and he's clearly aware of the twitch it offers on his stomach. Or maybe that's because Liam's moving his finger at a steady pace, sprinting across his prostate every fucking time, sending winter waves of pleasure down Zayn's spine. "M'gonna open you up a little more, and you're gonna get proper loud for me. Then I'm gonna fuck you 'cause I know you're gaggin' for it, just look at you — but when I do, when I'm making you remember my name for years to come, I want you to put your hand on my throat and squeeze as much as you'd like." 

Zayn whines, zealous and keen. Two of Liam's favourite combinations. "Please, Liam." he begs, moving a hand to grip at Liam's broad shoulder. "M'so fuckin' hard, like."

"And wet." Liam adds, voice sickly sweet as he dips his head to gaze down between their bodies, spotting Zayn's cock. Rosewood red is suffocating the dripping tip, the familiar vein that Liam loves to lick is all too prominent, and his cock is curved against his belly, eagerly waiting to be touched. "You're leaking, babe."

Zayn moans, reaches down before Liam stops him, his fingers wrapping tightly around Zayn's tinier wrist. 

"You hard 'cause of me?" He asks, licking a smile across his lips.

"Always hard 'cause of you, Payno," Zayn remarks. He thinks they're kind of idiots sauntering around cloud nine, morning breath consisting of one too many cigs and cheap, tangy beer from the grocery store down the street, shameful evidence of being young and in love.

Liam has his finger back in Zayn within milliseconds, watches as Zayn spreads his legs a bit further, and Zayn forgets how to breathe all at once. It's like he's drowning in an arctic sea, the overwhelming sensations zinging down his spine, soaring around his body. There was possessiveness edged between every movement of Liam's finger, especially when he chose to add another, more or less rubbing at Zayn's prostate with no successful intention of opening him up like he'd said. Liam owned Zayn though, anyone with a pair of eyes cities away could see that. He owned every smile Zayn's lips dared to bend into, owned every scandalous gasp, groan, and moan that fell past his lips, owned his body.

Zayn's heart yelled Liam's name in a melody of Morse code, drumming an obnoxious beat that suited Liam's own, the soundtrack of their love only getting louder, louder, louder.

"Gonna tie you up one day, darling, put a vibrator up your arse." Liam's lost in thought ( well, pretending to be — Zayn can tell from the way his brows are knitting together ), his fingers rubbing circles on those little bundles of nerves that have Zayn crying out, breath heavy, chest heaving. "Make you come over and over. Hell, I might even let you wear it all day."

"Yes," Zayn whimpers, his hips rocking down onto Liam's fingers, mimicking the previous night's rendezvous.

Liam grins, removing his fingers ( always fucking does that when Zayn starts to get desperate ), putting his index finger against Zayn's lips until Zayn happily takes his finger into his mouth, his tongue whirling, soaking Liam's finger in slippery spit. "Dirty boy," Liam mumbles, chuckling when Zayn pulls off with a pop.

"Wanna ride your fingers later," Zayn's careless now, lost all sense of his shyness. Not that he's shy in the first place. Maybe a little