tired he might parse that, he might understand what Tony's suggesting.

Instead he feels himself beginning to fall asleep, but every time he thinks he's gone, Bruce shifts or says something with that sharp tone that brings him back.

"Bruce, come on - "

"Go. You need treatment. I've got this."

"Of course you do," Tony says, and does Steve hear jealousy? He can't bring up enough energy in himself to open his eyes and look.

He hears metal footsteps, then the whine of the jetboots, and then the hand on his arm shifts up, and he's turned around, guided to what must be the elevator.

"It's a short walk," Bruce says. "I don't want to have to carry you again, Steve."

It's enough to convince him to try and open his eyes and stay awake, and he tilts his head, peeking back up at Bruce. It's still so odd to look back and see blond hair.

"Don't beat yourself up," Bruce murmurs. "Just rest."

"Was he telling the truth?" Steve asks, quiet, forcing himself awake enough for this. "Was he the only one really hurt?"

There's only the faintest hesitation before Bruce nods.

"What are you leaving out?"

"Did he mention that I..."

"Yes," Steve finishes for him. "I wouldn't be able to tell now."

"I'm still sore," Bruce admits as he opens the door. "I'm going to remember that for when we're back where we belong - how long does it take for that to fade?"

"It depends on the injury," Steve says, and, "I'm sorry."

"Don't."

They look at each other for a long moment, and then the exhaustion catches up with Steve all at once, and he pitches forward, losing consciousness - but he feels arms catching him, and he can let go in peace.

--

Bruce stands and looks down at Steve, safely tucked away in his bed, resting up so he'll have enough energy to change into the Hulk again. It would be safer to sedate him now, or wake him up - completely eliminate the opportunity for Steve to get angry and change again.

He doesn't want to face the Hulk again.

He doesn't want Steve to suffer that again.

He doesn't want Tony to put off medical care again.

But - he can't bring himself to do either of those things. Steve doesn't deserve to be treated like a prisoner, doesn't deserve to be treated as if - he's the one keeping the Hulk at bay.

A cynical note in Bruce's mind asks him why he's so willing to trust Steve with this when he's clearly proven that he doesn't have the same control he does. Why he's so willing to give him a second chance.

He looks down at Steve and thinks of Tony.

There's his answer, and his smile is grim as he turns to leave the room, turning out the lights as he goes. Tony had trusted him not to lose control - had been so convinced that he never would slip up.

Had practically insisted on it.

"JARVIS," he says, standing outside the bedroom. "Call me if he looks like he's beginning to wake up."

"Yes, sir," JARVIS says. "Will there be anything else?"

"No, no thank you." Bruce says, and sighs. He can't do anything else, now. Tony will get treatment from a medical doctor, Steve will rest, and he will wait.

--

The dreams are vivid, focused: his skin splits open, his face melts, his body bulges into an ugly mass of muscle and bone and it's red in color, green in color, depending on the second, and he screams - roars - and that's all he can do, because he is not in control.

He sees Bruce in his dream, he watches Bruce turn green before laughing at him, the green fading as he becomes tall, blond, blue-eyed. It's not true, Bruce wouldn't voluntarily do that to him, but this is dream logic, this is where he roars as an animal would and charges, lunging to crush Bruce for doing this to him. This is a dream, where Bruce catches his blows, tells him that he is stronger than the Hulk, and always has been and always will be.

This is a dream where he wakes up screaming.

The lights snap to full brightness so quickly it hurts, and he hears a door opening, footsteps.

It's Bruce. Steve holds his breath and lets it out slowly when no monster takes control of him and forces him to hurt his friend because he has an irrational anger at him.

Bruce touches his shoulder. "Are you under control now?"

It flashes into his mind then that