Allura, you found him in the library. What could he need in an Altean library? If he needed to know anything, he could have just asked. If he wants to learn to read Altean, then he must be looking for information that he can’t ask about.”

“I suspect you may be right, Pidge,” Allura said.

“Come on!” Hunk interrupted. “I know Lance doesn’t see himself as such a valuable part of the team, but he wouldn’t turn on us like that!”

That grabbed Shiro’s attention. “He doesn’t think he deserves to be part of the team?”

Hunk froze. “I didn’t say that.”

Shiro turned to Allura. “Whatever is going on, we need to confront him about this.”_

After fleeing the library, Lance knew he had to go somewhere Allura wouldn’t find him. Normally he would go hide in his room, but it was clear he wasn’t going to be let off the hook that easily. He wasn’t prepared to deal with this yet.

Instead, he made his way to the large room with the crystal from the Balmera. It was fitting, almost, that he always ended up in this room when he found himself missing home. The one with the computer that was able to show him exactly how far from Earth he really was.

Actually…

Lance made his way over to the computer. The symbols were all Altean, but maybe he could figure this out anyways. Altean technology was so advanced, and if this room could create a projection of the entire universe, then surely it could-

“Need help finding something?”

Lance spun to find Coran behind him. Lance jumped back and threw his hands up in surrender. “I’m not trying to mess with anything, I swear!”

Coran laughed. “I never said you were. Did you need something? Do you want to see where Earth is again? I think we may be a few light years closer than we were last time.”

Lance sighed. “No, it’s okay…”

Coran didn’t leave, or push, or pry. “I serve the princess and the paladins of Voltron. If you need assistance, you need only ask.”

“Coran...can this...do you…do you have music?”

“Music?”

“Yeah,” Lance said. “It’s just, we’ve been gone for a long time. And this castle is great, and so advanced, but it’s so...quiet. I’m not used to it. You did have music on Altea, right?”

Coran laughed. “Well, of course we did! I was quite an excellent dancer, back in the day.”

Lance sighed. “I know I can’t go back to Earth, and I’m fine with it. Well, not fine with it, but I don’t plan on going home. I just wanted to make this place feel a little bit closer to it.”

Coran hummed. “I see. Well, you won’t find what you’re looking for on there.”

Lance’s face fell. “Oh, okay. Thanks for your help-”

“But,” Coran interrupted. “I think I might have something for you.”

The smile that spread across Lance’s face melted Coran’s heart. “Really?”

“Yes,” he affirmed. “Stay here, and I will be back in just a tick.”

“Thanks, Coran!”_

Shortly after Coran left, Allura and the remaining paladins located Lance, where he still sat waiting. At the sounds of footsteps, Lance jumped up. “Coran, thanks so much for- guys?”

The whole team stood before him, save for Coran. Allura and Shiro were side by side, with a matching stern expression. Keith stood to the side, looking annoyed. Pidge and Hunk hung back, each seeming somewhat nervous. 

“Uh, is everything alright?”

Shiro sighed. “No, Lance, it isn’t, and I think you know why.”

Lance took a step back. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Do not lie to us,” Allura snapped. “Are you trying to abandon your team?”

“What? No!”

Shiro held his hands up in a placating gesture. “Lance, we just think you’ve been acting a little strange lately, and we want to know what’s going on. We don’t want to make assumptions, but it seems like you’ve been hiding things from us.”

“I’m not- why does everyone think I’m leaving? I’m not trying to go back to Earth, I swear!”

“No,” Keith bit, “but maybe you’re trying to turn to the Galra?”

Lance paled. “What?!”

Pidge sighed. “Allura saw you in the library, and you said you wanted to learn to read Altean. Keith caught you preparing a ship, I found you with a Galra drone,