was golden, and warm, and tickled his nose instead of burning him. It smelled like smoke....and mint?

Kirishima blinked. The light from the evening sun shone through the window, setting Bakugou's hair alight where his head rested on Kirishima's shoulder, Kirishima's breath ruffling the golden strands in his face.

Bakugou, oh.

That year hadn't been easy for Kirishima. Exam season had been hell. Training had been hell. Keeping up with school work while continuing his hero internship? It was hell. But lately, things had started getting easier.

Bakugou had pulled him into a routine, he had a way of doing that. It started simple, he would knock on Kirishima’s door after dinner while Kirishima would be doing schoolwork- I can hear you hurting your fucking brain through the wall- and he would help Kirishima with the work he knew he was struggling with. He would pull Kirishima aside in the mornings- hey hair-for-brains, spar with me, your form looked sloppy yesterday during training- and they would lose track of time until their lungs burned and their muscles ached.

He began spending his evenings in Kirishima’s room with him, books open on the bed, notes scattered, and Bakugou’s voice filling the air as he explained certain topics. On weekends even, maybe out of habit, he would sit with Kirishima, and they would talk, they would wrestle over game controllers, they would yell about everything and anything and get in each other's faces, they would spar and train in the small space, they would lean against each other to the quiet lull of a movie.

He wasn't sure if Bakugou had noticed. He became every part of Kirishima’s day- in the mornings, Kirishima would wait by Bakugou’s door, or find Bakugou waiting by his if he was running late, and they would walk to class together. His evenings were spent listening to the hum of Bakugou’s voice over notes, or his pitched laugh as they shoved each other over a game or wrestled on the floor. They paired up during training, moving seamlessly as they fought, their backs always together. Bakugou’s tray would be next to his during lunch, and his hands would be there to slap Kirishima’s away when he went for his food- asshole, you don't even like spicy food. He wondered if Bakugou realized he knew what food Kirishima liked.

He wondered if Bakugou realized Kirishima had fallen in love with him yet.

Kirishima closed his eyes. He could feel Bakugou’s breath on his collar, soft as he slept. He didn't remember falling asleep, but he remembered the movie they were watching. Or, he remembered that there was a movie. Lately, things were hard to focus on while Bakugou was around.

It was hard to not fall in love with Bakugou, he thought. With eyes that shone like fire, and a spirit even more so. He was passionate. He was strong. He never backed down from a challenge, always meeting Kirishima halfway, and pushing Kirishima to go even further. He was manly as hell.

But he was more than that, and Kirishima wondered if anyone else had seen the softness of his face while he read, or heard the way he hums late at night in the kitchen while neither of them could sleep, or the way he laughs until he cries at some stupid thing Kirishima had said.

He wondered if anyone else knew that Bakugou.

He could feel the weight of Bakugou's arm that rested against his chest, and the soft whirr of the fan was almost enough to ease Kirishima back to sleep. But Bakugou's breath still tickled his neck, and his heart was skipping to the point that he felt falling asleep would end up being a health risk. So, instead, he leaned his cheek into the golden flames, knowing very well that if Bakugou were awake right then, he would most definitely get burned.

Bakugou’s arm shifted, and the legs that were tangled with his own wound themselves tighter, and Kirishima could have sworn he forgot how to breathe right then and there. He had never noticed the faint mint scent that hung around Bakugou. The smoke was prominent, in his hair, his clothes, on his skin, but this was something new. It must have been his shampoo.

Kirishima wondered if anyone else could smell it.

He opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling above him. He should probably move, Bakugou wouldn't be happy waking up in a position like that. They were friends, but Bakugou still had boundaries. Hell, by now Kirishima knew every one of them, and sleeping next to him, cuddling with him, was definitely pushing a few. But Bakugou was still fast asleep on Kirishima’s shoulder, and it took everything Kirishima had not to wrap his arms around him and enjoy the rare contact.

Kirishima, lost in his head, almost missed the red eyes peering up at him.

"I can hear you hurting your fucking brain. Stop thinking so much."

And