way for her to be able to put up being in public. Having them up was a constant must.

            For even with her mental walls, other people’s thoughts would pelt her. Their emotions would riot against her in pulsing waves if she didn't have her mental walls on. People’s thoughts and emotions had an energy that would press against them. She tried not to be as affected that often. Headaches, nausea, and worse effects occurred if she didn’t have them up solidly.

             If she was around too many people, usually it was their scattered thoughts and daydreaming that skimmed on the edge of her mental field even with her walls up. The buzzing words and meaningless jumble pestered her to no end. It was like getting swarmed by white noise with no definite way to make it stop.

            However, it seemed having louder noise blocked out the nonsense.

            It was late afternoon as Rei made her way to the grocery store. Taking the longer way was easier for it meant quieter streets.

            “Reichan!” Kotaro pulled at her sleeve to get her attention.

            She slipped off her headset to hear, “What is it?”

            “The playground!” he pointed his finger at the park across the road. There were a couple of families watching their kids play on the swing sets, slides, and other structures. The pressing weight of noise came from their direction.

            “But we have an errand,” she reminded him.

            “Please, Rei! Pretty please with a cherry on top!” he begged while pulling at her arm.

            She looked ahead to see the local grocery store just past the intersection near the park, right in view of the playground. “How about we finish shopping and you can play after?”

            Kotaro looked up at her with big green puppy eyes- she immediately weakened.

            “Oh fine!” she sighed. Honestly, no one can resist that look; even Tanaka-san was suspicious of it being a quirk.

            She allowed him to drag her across the street and towards the playground. Rei quickly put on her headphones again as they got closer.

            There were open swings, so Kotaro pulled her in that direction. With his cape fluttering behind him, he swung himself lying on his stomach while Rei simply sat on hers.

            She eyed the other children, some of them younger than her brother. Others were more around his age, and they seemed all to display some quirk or trait.

            There was a small girl with tentacles for hair, another boy who seemed to easily leap 6ft in the air and other children with flashy abilities. Of course, there are regulations and policies against using your quirk outside of designated areas, but they were just kids.

            She glanced at her sweet little brother, pretending that he was flying on his swing, always dreaming of being a pro hero. Even without a quirk, that didn’t seem to stop him from thinking he can. He was still young and had dreams of merit.

            Yet his fantasy was dangerous. There were too many obstacles for him, and the biggest one- being quirkless.  And nothing terrified her more than the day when he’d realize how his dreams will only be dreams. She dreaded the crumbling of all his hopes, of his entire world…

            Rei hated how unfair it was all. How her brother was quirkless, how her uncle was tossed aside, and how she ended up with a cursed quirk…

            “Reichan!” her brother pulled her out from her deep thoughts, tugging her hoodie sleeve, “Reichan, I wanna go play with the other kids.”

            She shook her head, “It will get dark soon, and we need to go finish shopping.”

            “Please!” he gave her the eyes again, “You can even go get the stuff while I play here. I promise I’ll be good and careful!”

            Rei really didn’t want him around the other kids; she didn’t want to risk him getting bullied. And she’d rather be away from this many people- it was starting to become uncomfortable even with her headphones.

            But he gave her those eyes again…and she shouldn’t isolate him like she does to herself.

            “Okay, fine. As long as you stay in the playground and in view of the store.”

            “Okay!” Kotaro grinned and hugged her leg, “I promise!”

            “And, remember,” she leaned down and said in a low voice, “If the kids ask about seeing your quirk, tell them you’re not allowed to.”

            He nodded, “I know. And if they keep asking, I’ll just say I can see germs.”

            Rei cracked a smile, “That works too. Just don't say anything about being quirkless- people can be stupid and mean.”

            “Okay,” he hugged her again and waved his All Might doll in a salute, “See you in a bit, my trusty sidekick.”

            “Yes, Hero Kotaro, sir,” she returned the salute playfully, “I’ll be back in at least 15 minutes. If something happens, run to one of the other parents. And stay