else’s place. Plus he’s already said goodbye to them too. It would be weird if he were to show up again.

He’s tempted to wait on Haruka’s bed. To just sit there and wait until he hears the raven step back inside. He wants to see Haruka one last time before he leaves. He wants to see his face, hug him, maybe run his fingers through soft black hair or rub a warm back. But he can’t. He knows he can’t because his parents had paid for this train ticket, and if he missed it that was not going to sit well with his parents.

So as much as his heart is hurting, and as much as his hands shake, he whips out a small piece of paper and a pen before scribbling a quick and messy I’ll be on my way now, Haru. I’ll call you when I reach Tokyo. and places it on Haruka’s empty desk.

With that he’s off to the train station, feeling a lot more burdened than this morning. That he’s already troubled at having to go out into another place without any comforting presence does not sit well with the ever increasing toll Haruka’s mysterious disappearance is having on his heart. In fact, he’s now a huge mess because not only does he miss his family already, he’s so worried about Haruka as well and he hopes that his best friend has not left his house behind in sadness.

The long train ride begins, and Makoto stares out the window drearily, hugging his bag to his chest. The rest of his belongings have already been shipped to his dorm in Tokyo, and he wonders what it’s going to be like. He’s dreading it, really, he’s dreading having to go to college, to start anew, to have to be alone from the start.

But as the scenery outside is reduced to a blur, Makoto makes out the sky, the trees and buildings right underneath its vast landscape, and everything reminds him of home. Of his family. Of Haruka. Because Iwatobi had always been home, and Haruka had always been home too. But not just that, Haruka has always been as beautiful and breathtaking as the sky. Yet he’s always been so rooted and firm in his decisions and actions sometimes, just like how the trees stay rooted to the ground. Then the ocean comes into view and the gentle waves lapping at the shoreline contrast the merciless waves of fear and sadness in his heart. All he sees when he closes his eyes is Haruka.

He dreams of Haruka. He dreams of the time when they were still children and Haruka held his hand. He dreams of the time in elementary school when Haruka had drawn the two of them together on his notebook. He dreams of Haruka swimming, strokes smooth and unhesitant, gliding through the water effortlessly. He dreams of how they held each other when Haruka came back from Australia. Then he dreams of Haruka’s back turned on him as he walks further and further away…

Makoto somehow manages not to get himself lost in Tokyo. He takes a cab to the university, nervous at how everything is different from Iwatobi. It’s evening, and the streets are littered with trash and people walking, the roads are walled with high-rise buildings, and the lights and noise are a little too much to take in all at once.

The campus is swarming with people, students, all chattering animatedly and going in and out the buildings. Makoto gulps once, twice, and then searches for the administration building. He’s guided there with some help, stepping into a cool and relatively quiet place with other students checking in or lining up for assistance as well. So he waits in one of the lines, toying with the hem of his shirt and glancing around.

The lady behind the counter hands him a map, so you can find your way, a key to his dorm, your roommate should already be inside, and a few other items that Makoto is apparently going to need. Then with a grateful thank you and a bow, he’s off to find the place that he’s going to be living in for the next couple of years. He wonders what sort of roommate he’s going to have, whether they’ll be nice or mean, whether they’ll like him or not, whether they’ll be friends immediately or take time to warm up to each other. He bits his lip as each question sends him deeper and deeper into a pit of fear.

Makoto is disorientated, and it’s by some stroke of luck or a miracle that he manages to stumble into the right building on the first try. The number on the plaque attached to his key states 116 and he’s surprised that there are so many rooms. But it turns out that the first number stands for which floor he’s on, and wow he’s on the lowest floor. It doesn’t take much to navigate his way through a long corridor before he