skin, but not so hard as to break it. Nothing would happen if he just broke Spike's skin with a bit of wood.

But the wood under the skin, that was different. He and Drusilla looked down. Spike, predictably, had his eyes closed. He could take the sensation — in a sense, he enjoyed the sensation — but he didn't like to watch. Around the edges of the stick, the skin went dry, and taut, and grainy. It took on an ashy color to fit its texture, and it smelled of dust, of age, of things that had rotted a long time ago.

"Burns," whispered Spike.

"No," said Drusilla. "Fire lives. This is your body made desert. This is death, and it is beatiful." She blew on the skin, then, blew until the dry, grainy skin began to roll down Spike's chest. Then she looked up at Angel, smiled beatifically. "Again, again."

Angelus did it again, faster this time, slivers in each hand, some as short as two inches, one nearly a foot long. Angelus was close to Spike, stepping on Spike's feet to keep him from moving. Drusilla held him, her thin arms like bands of iron around him, her fingers dug into his side like hooks. Normally she would have been evenly matched with Spike, but the wood was killing Spike, and he was so weak this way.

Angelus grinned at him, a crazy, happy smirk as he felt the faint, abortive jerks under his fingers, heard Spike's breathing harsh and fast and all out of time. Drusilla crooned to him, a meandering, high-pitched tune that was interrupted by her kissing his forehead, his cheeks, his shoulders. Her grip on Spike never wavered, never moved from his torso, but her mouth wandered his flesh. She trailed her tongue over the skin that was still firm and moist, although Spike's already pale skin took on a green cast as more of the life was pushed out of him.

When Angelus had finished, he stepped back and admired his handiwork. "Come see, Drusilla," he ordered.

She took a moment to make sure Spike could stand on his own two feet, then walked around to look. "Oh, Daddy," she sighed. "You have hurt my baby, Daddy," she said. "It's beautiful." She reached out with both hands, and traced the edges of the triangle. She mostly kept her fingers out of the band of death three inches to either side. She leaned forward and kissed him, face shifted to the demon because she could smell the decay better that way.

Then she pressed her body to him, pressed the wood deeper inside him, and he finally cried out, a wordless croak that made her laugh and laugh as she cradled his head in her hand and rocked against him. "Oh, my baby," she whispered, drowned out by his cries, "oh, my precious boy. How beautiful you are."

Angelus came and walked around to his backside. He handed her the bundle of twigs, kept the stake in his right hand. "Begin," he ordered.

She did. She knelt at Spike's feet, undid the hooks of his pants, the lacings of his breeches, pulled at his clothes until he was bare from waist to knee. "You always were a sweet boy, a soft boy," she said, fondling his cock, loose and bloodless in her hands. Then she jammed a stick in his inner thigh, angled so it went into the meat of him. "Grow!" she shouted. She gave him a matching stick on the other side. "Grow! I've need of a stiff rod tonight, and I'll skewer your prick and make me a dead dildo." And she squeezed his balls, hard, the way he liked it.

"Drusilla," snapped Angelus. "You're liable to break his prick off if you stick wood in it. Mouth him a bit, if you want him hard. Or stick him with wood, if you want him hurting, and I'll fuck you."

"Really?" she said, and smiled, sweet and happy, like she'd just been given a toddler for a treat.

"After I fuck him. I like him when he's like this, all strung out and soft and groaning." Angelus reached around, pushed at a dusty nipple until Spike tried to back into him, tried to back away. Which was when Angelus placed the stake in his hand at the top of Spike's bare ass. The point was angled downward, but even though it wouldn't powder him, a stake would hurt, hurt more than anything Spike usually took on these nights when they played with the box. "I wonder," said Angelus, damp heat into Spike's ear, "how still you can stay while I'm fucking you." He pressed himself to the back of Spike, pressed the stake harder between