hands. There were also some other characters – probably the other Kitagawa players. Kei found that the one with triangle dark hair resembled that spiker from Kageyama’s middle school matches and Aoba Jousai’s.

A few drawings after, there were two characters whose features became more apparent: one with spiky dark brown hair and the other with a very familiar haircut and light brown hair. Oikawa Tooru and his ace. Little Kageyama was looking at Oikawa, ball still in hands. The older setter had a ball in his own hands. The frown on the ace’s face was visible and so was the pink tongue of the setter. But little Kageyama was still wearing a big smile.

The next drawing, Kei had to admit, was quite a shock. First from how much better it was compared to the last one, then from the scene it described. Little Kageyama had his ball in hands – when didn’t he have one – but he wasn’t smiling. His eyes were wide and looking at the older setter. Oikawa’s face wasn’t drawn and the only way to recognize him was his hair. He had his hand up in the air but the ace – Kei recognized the hair – was holding his wrist. There was a ball between the two third years, half-erased. Kageyama’s face didn’t reflect any fear, just incomprehension.

Kei looked at the drawing a moment, trying to understand what exactly could have happened that day. He frowned but gave up understanding – he shouldn’t have seen that in the first place, so going into deep analysis was probably not a good idea.

He put the paper aside and looked at the next one. For a few more drawings, the scenes were pretty much the same. Kitagawa Daiichi’s team playing, Oikawa serving, his ace spiking, Kageyama looking at them with bright eyes. The lines of the drawings were improving each time and, as he reached the graduation day of Kitagawa Daiichi’s third years, Kei could honestly say that the drawings looked professional. If it weren’t for the colouring which was still clumsy, he wouldn’t have guessed it was from a middle schooler.

A few more sheets where Kageyama was playing with the new second years and Kei stopped again on a drawing. He frowned.

The picture showed Kageyama and his ball under his arm. And beside him stood the turnip-hair spiker, a ball under his arm as well. Both of them were smiling. Both of them were holding hands. Kei felt that he had just learned something that he really shouldn’t have, that Kageyama would have preferred to keep secret, and felt bad.

He thought about stopping looking at the drawings for a moment but his curiosity won over his reason again. If that drawing marked something, it was obviously the fact that the two of them had started dating; otherwise Kageyama wouldn’t have taken the time to draw that and would have stuck with practice shots. But if the two of them were dating at that time, why did they look so hostile towards each other in every match Karasuno and Aoba Jousai had played? Something must have happened and this was probably tightly related to the nickname of the King. But what could be so bad between them that they would break up, treat each other as trash and would lead to Kageyama’s team to give him up? Trying to understand from Kageyama’s point of view wasn’t the best was to find out but it was all Kei had. And he wanted to understand.

The next drawings were as colourful as this one, and often features Kageyama and the spiker together. Everything looked perfect, like nothing in the world could make Kageyama feel down.

After a picture showing Kageyama’s seniors graduating, Kei noticed that the colours in the next drawings were getting darker. At first, it was barely visible. But as he put aside each new picture, everything was turning dark. No more white, no more yellow or orange; everything was dark blue, dark grey or black. No more warmth and so many uncertain lines. The faces weren’t drawn anymore, there was only the shapes. Some drawings were crossed-out, some were torn. And more and more, Kageyama and the spiker were staying far from each other.

One picture had Kageyama on the left side, volleyball in hands, but he was almost blurred into the background. The spiker was on the other side and facing away from Kageyama. He was throwing a ball over his shoulder and a smile was drawn on his face. Human shapes around him, probably the team.

The next one was almost the same: Kageyama on the left, almost disappearing in the background. But the spiker wasn’t here anymore and neither was the team. But what shocked the most Kei wasn’t the potential implication that the two had broken up. No, what was striking here were Kageyama’s hands. They were coloured brightly, standing out in this dark image. They were standing out and they were empty. They were the first thing one would see when looking