tongue only.  No suction.  Understood, Watson?”

 



John nodded silently.  The use of his surname told him the way to go.  His commander had ordered him not to suck, so he wouldn’t.  Instead he bathed the hard organ with his gentle tongue, intent on moistening it with his spit, feeling his mouth fill with saliva even as he acknowledged how much he was going to love undertaking this act of veneration in the future.

The hard penis leapt in his mouth like a desperate salmon soaring for its life, counter to the flow of a crashing weir, and he was a little daunted by the unexpected instant of joy he felt at the thought that this simple organ was currently engaged in mastering him so completely.  But he was a doctor after all; it was his nature to give care, whatever kind it may be.  He held it cradled in his mouth, laving it with his saliva, and kept it safe and warm there, gentling it slowly, savouring the feel and taste and the sounds of pleasure he was drawing from the throat of the man he was worshipping.  He kept his head moving, the cilia of his tongue rubbing over the ridges of hard flesh in his mouth, gently bearing down on the tip settled between his tongue and the roof of his mouth.

He didn’t see the look of sheer wonder he was receiving as Sherlock gazed down on him, and wasn’t to know that he’d been wrong all this time; he wasn't the only one in this room, or in this relationship, who was hopelessly in love.

John kept on licking, shaft and root and tip, taking his time to gently reverence the thin skin of Sherlock’s throbbing balls, saliva dripping from his mouth to coat his chin and trickle down his chest, uncaring that he was drooling all over himself.  Would Sherlock actually want to be sucked off, he wondered?  Or was this just a slight hold-up before he was back as before, folded on his knees with his legs open and his forehead touching the floor?  His tongue was beginning to ache from the exertion but he went on licking, waiting for what came next.

What came next was Sherlock halting him briefly, bending down to fondle his bound genitals before removing the cock ring and ball spreader, saying:  “Show me what you’ve been saving for me, John.  I want to see it.”  And as John resumed his licking, it took no more than the pleasure of doing that, of being ordered to do it, to make John close his eyes and come spontaneously on the floor in front of him, causing him to moan loudly and falter in his worship of Sherlock’s cock.

“Good boy, John,” Sherlock murmured, panting a little. “You must do this again for me some time.”  ‘Soon’, he thought, gathering up John’s ejaculate in his palm and pressing it to the doctor’s mouth to be licked off. 

The tongue, he thought, was an underrated organ.

~~~

 



Sherlock could mesmerize with his voice.  Others would hear it and know it for what it was, putting barriers in place to prevent it from hypnotising them.  But John was different.  Whenever he heard that tone he allowed it to bewitch him.  He would put aside his natural instinct to fight and submit to it whole-heartedly.

John didn’t want to be cherished or coddled, or treated with kid gloves all the time.  He wanted to be taken, but taken by a man, like a man, and he wanted to have to fight it, so that later, in the early morning, the rare, gentle approach Sherlock adopted wasn’t what he needed and he was disappointed that he wasn’t getting what he was craving because there were occasional times when Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to be quite that severe and overbearing. 

James Sholto had given him what he needed, Bill Murray had just gone ahead and taken what he wanted, and even on occasion Mike Stamford had agreed to give him what he hungered after.  Why couldn’t Sherlock?  In many ways Mary had been the true spirit of what he wanted, had given him much of what he’d sought.  She among the others he’d given himself to had seen things in him that even Sherlock had not.  And Sarah, that one time, had started to explore the road that they might have travelled, had Sherlock not tempted him away.  John often wondered what sleeping at the end of her bed would ultimately have led to.

~~~

“Last night was very interesting,” Sherlock said the next morning, stroking John’s cock maddeningly lightly, “may I see the pattern again, please?  “You’d very much like me to do it again, wouldn’t you?”

From their adjacent positions prone on Sherlock’s bed it was easy to see John’s expression.  A slow blush crept up his features but at the same time his face harboured a fierce glow of gratification. 

“Of course you would,” Sherlock continued in complete self-justification, tamping down on the surge