apartment, he opened the door and placed the food in the kitchen, almost jumping out of his skin when Bokuto's stupid phone rang in the coffee table. He picked it up just as the sound ceased and looked at the screen, his eyebrows shooting up in surprise and almost leaving his face forever when he saw Akaashi's fifty three missed calls, along with his own three. The younger male sure was worried.

Not wasting any more time, he made his way to Bokuto's room and sure enough, the guy was out cold, sleeping in the middle of a huge pile of blankets. Laughing a little at how desperately Bokuto grabbed that stupid stuffed owl of his, he stood beside the bed and shaked the black-and-white haired boy's shoulder, laughing again when Bokuto just groaned and clutched the owl tighter.

"Oi, Bokuto, pick up your damn phone, will ya? Akaashi's going insane worrying about you."

"Whaa?" Was Bokuto's only reply as he sat up groggily.

"Bokuto, bro, you look dead" Kuroo laughed at the sleepy boy.

"Did ya just call me "Brokuto"? I like it" He sleepily rubbed his eyes and blinked up a Kuroo owlishly. 

"Sure you do. C'mon now, I brought food so drag your sleepy ass to the living room."

"Mhm" Bokuto left his blankets and followed Kuroo out of his room, plopping down on the couch and turning on the TV as Kuroo went into the kitchen. Still in his hand, Bokuto's phone started to ring again and he answered without looking at the caller ID.

"Yo, Akaashi"

"Kuroo-san?" Akaashi sounded really surprised.

"Yeah, I just got home, the idiot was sleeping out cold in his room with his phone in the coffee table."

"Oh… I see"

"Yeah, I'll tell him to call you later before he goes back to sleep" Kuroo replied, fiddling with the food containers and inwardly cackling at the younger's obviousness.

"Okay. Thank you, Kuroo-san"

"No problem! See you later, Akaashi" He hung up and smirked, finally taking out the food and retreating back into the living room, where a very sleepy Bokuto looked blankly at the TV while he shuffled through the channels.

 

Akaashi sighed as he looked at his phone for the hundred time that night, shaking his head and fixing his gaze back towards his computer screen and continued typing his essay.

No matter how many times he checked his phone, he wouldn't have missed calls or new mails, so he forced himself back to his essay, typing word after word of something he really didn't understand, thoughts drifting back to certain loud and overly excited spiker, though he hadn't sounded so excited the last time he talked to him.

Sighing for the umpteenth time that day, he reread his last paragraph and skimmed through the whole document, smiling a little as he finished, typing a few more words and saving the document. He stretched, his joints cracking loudly as he stood up and closed his laptop, almost jumping a mile out of his skin as his phone rang on the bed, and he threw himself on it before raising his phone to his ear.

"Hello?"

"H-hi Akaashi" a sheepish voice answered, and he smiled a little before controlling his expression.

"What is it, Bokuto-san?" The raven headed boy answered in his best annoyed voice, wincing a little when he heard a sharp intake of breath in the other line. Maybe he should be a little bit amiable towards the spiker, but he was still a bit mad for making him worry.

"Um, you see, I wanted to, um, apologise? For making you worry, that is. I honestly never heard my phone ringing, and it wasn't until Kuroo got home with food that I finally woke up."

"Is that so" Akaashi hummed quietly and Bokuto gulped quite loudly on the other end of the line.

"Yeah, so, I'm sorry for making you worry"

"Mhm. It's okay, Bokuto-san, just please be a bit more careful were you leave your phone when you go to sleep, it could have been an emergency."

"Okay, will do" Bokuto seemed relieved and the raven haired setter smiled.

"Mhm"

"…"

"…" Akaashi waited for the older male to say something, but he just remained silent.

"Bokuto-san? Is there something else you want to say?"

"Uh? Oh, no, that was all!"

"Okay. See you later, Bokuto-san"

"Mm. Bye Akaashi" the smile was evident through his voice and Akaashi felt himself die a little inside when the connection broke. God, he had it bad.

He sighed again before groaning, annoyed with himself for sounding like a lovesick highschool girl. He figured he was, in a way. Lovesick, that is, not a highschool girl. He'd had it bad for the volleyball