In the noise of the gathered crowd, it might have gone unheard, but Harry didn't stay still long enough to know if anyone noticed. He turned on his heel and stalked over to where Narcissa was standing, chatting with her friends.

"Narcissa," he hissed, laying a hand on her arm to catch her attention. The stately witch turned and gasped, reaching out to press her hand to his shoulder.

"Harry, are you all right?" she demanded. "You look like you've seen a ghost. Where is Draco?"

"I'm going home," he whispered. He struggled to keep tears from falling and cleared his throat. "Will you tell Draco? He seems to… be enjoying the party."

"Of course," the witch agreed, worry coloring her words. "Harry, is everything all right? Is something wrong with the baby?"

"I'm fine," he assured her, giving her his best smile. It felt forced, even to him. "I'm just tired."

"Of course. You only just recovered from the flu; this must have been a lot for you." She patted his arm, smiling up at him. "We'll have dinner later this week as a family. Go home and go to bed. I'll pass your good wishes on to Lucius."

Harry smiled and brushed a kiss across her cheek. In many ways, she had become like a mother to him over the past months. "Thanks."

Stalking out of the ballroom, he collected his cloak from the house-elf on duty and threw a handful of Floo powder into the fireplace.

"Corinth Place!" he stated and was off.

He had just thrown off his robes and was drawing a bath when the crack of Apparation echoed through the flat. He gritted his teeth and lowered himself into the hot water, steeling himself for the coming confrontation. The door to the bathroom flew open and a frantic Draco entered.

"Harry! It's not what it looked like."

"Funny," Harry drawled as he reached for his wand to adjust the temperature of the water, "it looked like you were sucking the face off Isabella Nott. What were you doing, then? Removing a bit of food with your tongue?"

"She threw herself at me!" Draco cried, falling to his knees by the tub's edge. "I was so startled, I froze!"

"Do I look like an idiot, Draco?" Harry growled, scooting to the far side of the mammoth tub when the blond reached for him. "Don't touch me!"

"Harry, I swear, I would never cheat on you!"

"Go away, Draco," Harry snarled. "Go away. I don't want to speak to you right now." He turned his attention from his distressed husband to the washcloth on the tub's rim. "And don't even think about getting into my bed tonight."

Draco stood up, knowing well the tone of finality in his husband's voice. "Can we talk about this when you have had time to cool off? Please?"

He sounded so forlorn and sad Harry had trouble remembering why he was angry with him. "I'll speak to you tomorrow," he snapped. "Now go away."

He didn't look up as the blond retreated, but as soon as the bathroom door closed, he released a ragged breath. He whimpered and wrapped his arms around himself, finally allowing himself the luxury of tears. He had thought Draco would never hurt him like Blaise had. He had thought himself in love with the handsome Italian when Gabrielle Delacour had appeared on his doorstep one day, in tears, with pictures of his boyfriend and her sister in bed.

She told him she had found them while she was looking for teabags in her sister's kitchen. She had thought they were old until that morning, when she had found Zabini and her sister going at it in the living room. Harry had been heartbroken and had immediately stopped seeing Zabini. Draco had been the one who helped him pick up the pieces again. And now it was happening all over again.

He soaked for a long time, allowing himself to luxuriate in the hot water and spreading the special oil the healer had given him for stretch marks over his belly. What would come of his unborn child if it turned out Draco had been cheating on him? Harry was not one to stay once his trust had been broken. He would not allow Draco to talk him into giving the blond a second chance. He had seen his Aunt Petunia do that to Vernon time and time again, and each time, Vernon had gone out and done it again. But what of his son or daughter? They would have to grow up in a broken home, passed from one father to the other like a toy.

After a while, even the spelled water lost most of its heat and Harry climbed out, pulling on the stretchy pair of sleeping pants he had laid out. He slipped out of the bathroom, scanning the bedroom to