that earns them languid moans and eager touches.

“This costume makes me sweaty but gosh there are holes on my sensitive parts it’s sexy.”

With a domineering smile, Iwaizumi holds on Oikawa's bare ass and squeezes it tightly, earning a long moan from the other.

"Y-Yeah it is. That’s why I chose it for you,” Iwaizumi takes a pause as he gasps, “Y-You're stunning. The only thing missing are your whiskers but it’s okay. Your red cheeks are enough kitty. You’re so fucking cute I just want to do you." He doesn't stop on kneading Oikawa's ass and he doesn't feel of stopping. Oikawa's ass is so soft, cottony like a pillow and a plushie. It's very meaty and the pale flesh is so clean and smooth and damn luscious.

Oikawa smirks from the compliment and continues on licking his boyfriend’s neck, lapping it like a good kitty he is.

"How much did you miss me my kitty. Kitty Tooru?"

Oikawa whimpers softly and squeezes Iwaizumi's arms, blunt nails digging on tanned skin. He mewls softly as he licks Iwaizumi's neck and pushes against his hands.

"Tooru missed you a lot...so much."

Iwaizumi’s libido is rising. Iwaizumi circles the tip of his warm forefinger near Oikawa's entrance. He traces the cleft of his ass and the pinkish rim. The hole looks very inviting and welcoming to any object that could intrude it.

"I miss this too Tooru...so so much that I often daydream about this doing this to you, dirtier than our previous sexy times." His mouth soon attaches with Oikawa's thick lips that doesn't take a second to open and let his mouth be coaxed by Iwaizumi's skillful tongue.

He kisses him sensually. Open mouthed kisses that make their blood rush more southwards while he squeezes the boy's ass and tease his entrance by digging a finger shallowly, but retracting it second later which earns a whine from the delicate boy above him.

Chuckling, because Iwaizumi is amused from how cute and demanding his kitty is, he spoons an enough of precum from the boy's tip and coats it around his finger before putting it briskly inside Oikawa's warm butt hole.

Oikawa whimpers in response with his dead grip on the sheets. The pain burns, but he's expecting this as Iwaizumi has done it many times on him and he has done it occasionally to himself whenever he misses his Iwaizumi that he loves so dearly. Oikawa purrs softly, nips on Iwaizumi's jaw, and licks his cheek like a real hungry cat.


"Hng. I love your touches Iwa-chan."


He coats his fingers again with his cum mixed this time with Oikawa. "Kitty, ride my fingers." He presses his lips with Oikawa's enticing ones then licks it wetly while prodding a finger in Oikawa's hole that sucks him easily.

Oikawa groans and nods as he keeps on pushing against Iwaizumi's finger. His moans become louder and sultry.


"Hng..."


Adding another long finger, Iwaizumi watches Oikawa's reaction as his face starts with discomfort before turning to pleasurable expressions. His cheeks are red in color making him more tempting to fuck all day.

"Such a good kitty. Call me master Tooru."

Oikawa is obedient as he does everything Iwaizumi demands to him. He buries his face on Iwaizumi's neck, moaning softly, pushing down himself as Iwaizumi's fingers move in deeper. It makes him feel good and eager for more.

"M-master n-nyah ah more."

"Lick my neck kitty." Iwaizumi demands, feeling hot and burning from the wave of pleasure Oikawa is giving him as well. Just the sight of him moaning and asking for more is pleasurable to Iwaizumi. Briskly, he adds another finger in, making them three. He pumps them in and out of his tight hole, humming in satisfaction whenever Oikawa arches his back and throws his head, a sign that the other man is enjoying it as well.

Oikawa gasps and licks on the column of Iwaizumi's neck, mewling softly and grunts as he rocks his hips against the fingers knuckle deep in him.


"Ngh.. so.. close..."


Oikawa keens. The room is filled with the sound of their skin slapping and moans they spill. 


"Ngh close H-Haji—me,"         


"Not yet," Iwaizumi orders to change their position, domineering. He pulls out his fingers from the tight pinkish hole. His eyes are full of lust and his voice is thick and deep, too sexy for Oikawa's liking.

"On all fours. Stick up your ass." His smirk is one of the signs that he's highly turned on.

"Yes master." Oikawa goes on his hands and knees, sticks his ass up slightly, bites his lip and glances at Iwaizumi over his right shoulder. Oikawa's flushed body is curved obscenely, ass up high and cheeks burying on pillows with a drool dribbling down his chin as he suddenly leaves