way that he never was in other areas of his life. No one short of the Starfleet Surgeon General was going to take him to task, thank you kindly. His problem had been Jim, hiding out in Sickbay, moaning about Pike and whether he approved of Jim and whether Jim was good enough and whether Pike would ever forgive him for taking his ship. Leonard had eventually had to chase him away with a hypospray. Jim’s obsessive need to live up to the expectations of Pike’s abortive command – expectations that Jim had conjured up out of thin air as far as Leonard could see – had been by far the toughest part of the week.

De Jong had headed home as soon as the inspection had been successfully signed off, but Pike had joined them for the shore leave. Indeed Pike had seemed rather keen on Leonard’s company, had seemed to think that his regained ability to walk was entirely due to the brilliance of the doctor’s emergency surgery during the battle. He has been remarkably persistent about buying Leonard a drink or three and very expensive stuff at that…

Oh fuck!

Once of the very first things Leonard had learnt in his medical career was: don’t sleep with your boss’s boss. It will get messy. And at Starfleet it had been made very clear that if you absolutely have to fraternize, for god’s sake don’t do it with anyone more than one rank above or below your own. The potential for disaster was just too great. So for mere lieutenant commanders to go around having sex with Rear Admirals was a very, very bad idea.

Leonard buried his face in the pillow despairingly. The warm hand meandered from the small of his back down to the curve of a buttock. What if Pike remembered that bit where Leonard had presumably been wailing like a cat in heat while he had been doubtlessly masterfully fucked?

The thing was that Leonard respected Pike and there were not a lot of people he could say that about. Common wisdom had it that Dr Leonard H. McCoy didn’t give a flying fuck about authority and that was true, up to a point. Leonard did not accept fools gladly, he did not kiss butt, he did not bite his tongue for the greater good. Jim kept a list of all the times he had actually managed to get Leonard to call him “Captain” (not that he would ever admit this to Bones) and after nearly a year in service the list was barely into double figures. And if he took away all the times that Leonard had clearly been being sarcastic, he’d be close to zero.

However, Leonard’s closely guarded secret was that those who had his respect had it in full. There were only a handful in Starfleet Medical and at headquarters it pretty much came down to just one man: Admiral Pike. It had built up over the years. The oft retold story of how Pike had found Jim in that bar and been able to see something more than others could see; the skilful way in which Pike had guided Jim through the Academy years, giving him the support and attention he needed without smothering him with pity; the daring of Pike’s leadership on the Enterprise, the determination of his endurance under Romulan torture, the courage of his long debilitating physical recovery; the grace with which he had faced up to the destruction of all his dreams for the Enterprise, handing his own much desired future on to Jim without resentment.

Leonard desperately did not want Pike to replace whatever good impressions he may have had of Dr McCoy with a vision of him hung-over, memory impaired and crusty with sweat and semen. He wondered if he could surreptitiously smother himself with the pillow, hence putting both of them out of his misery.

The figure next to him seemed to be waking up, shifting and stretching, that warm hand now moving up his back and tangling in his hair.

“Good god, Doctor McCoy,” a deep voice said, rough with alcohol, blurred with sleep. “I actually managed to get you into bed?”

Leonard peered back through two slitted eyes. Yes, it was definitely the Admiral. Dammit!

“Why the surprise?” he croaked. “You can’t have any trouble getting people into bed.”

“Well no,” Pike agreed cheerfully, sounding more chipper by the minute. Damn these command types and their early morning personalities. “But you’re not just anybody. You are easily the best know doctor in Starfleet. You do know that you’re the terror of the Medical division, right? Senior staff flinch at the mention of your name. And the brass at HQ considers you the only person in the Federation capable of exerting any control over enfant terrible Jim Kirk.”

He grinned at the look of obvious disbelief on Leonard’s face.

“You do know that there are fan sites on the Starfleet intranet for the heroes of the Battle of Vulcan? And that you and Jim have far more fans than anyone else? They all seem to agree that the grumpier you get, the hotter you look. They have a point.”

Pike pulled himself up