’d be bouncing around in slight obvious panic asking me all sorts of things.’ 

 


From: Shoyou



                Eeeh?! That’s not good! Tell me things!

                 Like, what’s happening there lately

                 I’ll try to help figure out what’s wrong


 

Kenma had expected this reply from that sunshine-y friend of his. He honestly did need help trying to figure out why he was upset. It has been a real nuisance to him lately, and the sooner he figures it out, the better.

 


To: Shoyou


                Well..                 I get sort of distracted when I see the ball get blocked                 The 3rd years are graduating soon                 My field of vision isn’t wide but I still get anxious


 


So far, those were the only things he noticed. Not only did those issues affect him, it also affected his performance in Volleyball. For sure, someone has noticed by now how his tosses have been getting less and less accurate. How his concentration would slip a lot more frequently in his games. And how his attention was drawn to other things instead.

 


From: Shoyou



                So..is it volleyball related?



 


From how Kenma described, it did sound like something related to the sport they all played. He’s never really encountered this before though, making it rather difficult to identify.  He’s been thinking about it all day long and he’s terribly annoyed that he still hasn’t found whatever answer there was to find. Although Shoyou wasn’t the best person to ask about something complicated, at least he had someone.

 


To: Shoyou



                If you think so..                 I think it is


From: Shoyou                 If it’s volleyball related then that makes it really simple!                 Last question to finally solve this:                 Do you only get upset when a specific person is included with what you listed earlier?


 


‘Simple’? The middle-blocker who does poorly in school and rarely thinks when playing finds this simple. While he, Kenma, who was nicknamed as ‘Brain’ thinks it’s overly complicated. Unbelievable! Kenma rolled over to the other side of his bed again. Hinata was unusually sharp at this. Much sharper than he expected, at least.


‘A specific person, huh..’


He just lay there staring at the ceiling of his room, not even holding his phone. he wasn’t laying there thinking of an answer for Hinata’s last question. In fact, he had already realized the answer right after Hinata asked.

His phone vibrated, indicating that a new message had arrived, also disrupting his blank stare at the ceiling.

 

Well.. I get sort of distracted when I see the ball get blocked ..by Kuroo Kuroo is graduating soon  My field of vision isn’t wide but I still get anxious ..when Kuroo’s in it

 

 


From: Shoyou



                Kenma                 Are you still there?



 


He went and typed in his answer, still under the daze caused by his own realization.

 


To: Shoyou


                Kuroo                 It only happens when it’s him                 Thank you, Shoyo


 


Just then, he heard the doorbell ring from downstairs. He was completely on edge, focusing on nothing and everything at the same time. Heart thumping in his chest, waiting for something to happen.

“Kenma! Kuroo is here!”

Kenma felt himself tense up. At the moment, Kuroo was climbing the stairs. It would only take a moment before Kuroo arrives at his room’s door.


‘Oh god, the door isn’t locked..!’


The knob turned. The door opened.

“Hey, Kenma! You’ve been leaving early for the past few weeks. Anything wrong?”

Kenma tried to calm down. He tried to face the other direction, wondering if Kuroo could notice him tensing up.

“Nothing serious.. Just haven’t been in the mood.”

He tried to reach out for his PSP. At least diverting his attention might help. Just then, his phone vibrated again at the foot of the bed –Where Kuroo was sitting.

Kuroo was a hundred percent sure something was wrong —other than Kenma being off mood, of course. It’d hurt for him to do it, but he has to.. for Kenma, of course. With zero hesitation, he made a grab at the phone, snatching it right before Kenma even had a chance to move from his position.

“Okay, so let’s see..Oh, it’s from Hinata.”

‘No, no, no, no. Oh please no.’ Ran repeatedly in Kenma’s ever anxious mind. ‘Kuroo would never do this!’

“It says— . . .”

While Kuroo stared speechless, Kenma went and pulled the phone out of his hands. His eyes quickly went over the screen to read whatever had turned his friend silent.

 


From: Shoyou



                Kenma                 I think you love Kuroo



                ..Idk it’s just a guess                 But tell me if I’m right


 

Kenma’s ears were warming up, and his cheeks filled with shades of red. Now may not be the time to, but it’d be bad if he didn’t tell after all Hinata helped with.

 


To: Shoyou



                You’re