villagers there in; but his mind couldn't come up with a single thing that would cast them in a good light; instead he decided to change the subject.

"Hinata, how do you even know about the Kyuubi; no one is supposed to talk about it," Hiruzen asked; wanting to know who had signed their death warrant. Hinata looked up at him her eyes filled with fear; if he knew that she knew, how much had the old man seen? "Relax Hinata, you're not the one in trouble, you were in a bad situation and missed your target; the person who told you is the one who is in trouble."

"I-it was one of the elders; I don't r-remember which one it was t-though, it w-was so long ago. I-I'm sorry Hokage-sama," Hinata appeared on the verge of tears; that the third decided it would be best to just drop the subject. Naruto cleared his throat grabbing the aged leader's attention once more.

"Is there something else you need jiji; or can we go?" Naruto asked with a yawn, it had been a long night and they still had the academy the next morning. The Hokage shook his head; waving for them to go ahead and just leave. Taking the clue Naruto headed out, not knowing how much of a sudden turn his life had just taken.

(Roughly four years later)

A lot had changed for Naruto and Hinata since that fateful night, he and Hinata had become inseparable; it went so far as Hinata had joined his pranks, even if she was just a look out. On Naruto's part the attempts on his life had actually increased in frequency, not that any of the would be assassins actually survived the encounters; the fact that he always pumped out demonic chakra may have helped things greatly. As a result many stories were passed around of screams of terror coming from the blonde's apartment; almost all of the academy students were scared shitless of the two, well not the Uchiha but he sat by the two because it kept the fangirls away. The three had an ongoing silent agreement, that if Sasuke didn't talk to them, and they wouldn't move thus keeping his stal… I mean adoring fans, bother him. He had convinced himself because of how close he and Hinata were they would be placed on the same team; this dream however had been shattered only a few days before when she had pointed out that she would more than likely be placed, with a team full of people who could track. Naruto was devastated by this fact but pushed it aside, knowing it was something he couldn't control; unlike his failure today at his third attempt at the genin exam, he still couldn't make a single usable bushin.

'Thank Kami Mizuki-sensi told me about the extra way to graduate,' the boy muttered in his mind. Taking the sacred scroll from his back, he unrolled it and looked at the first jutsu on the list; his eyes widened at the name of the technique he would have to learn. Snarling at the paper in front of him, as if it had just made fun of the fact that he didn't have parents, "Is this some kind of fucking joke; I can't even do a regular bushin, how am I supposed to learn a more advanced form?"

Rolling his eyes, he let out an exaggerated sigh; he couldn't get left behind by Hinata, sitting down he stared at the scroll getting ready to attempt the jutsu.

Hinata sat on a tree branch just out of view, watching her crush; she wasn't worried about his safety, but she knew something was going to happen tonight and wanted to see what. She had overheard the conversation between Naruto and Mizuki.

(Flashback)

Everyone else was outside; either being congratulated, or in the case of her crush getting angsty on a swing. Though Hinata couldn't really blame him; when one felt like their life was going to shit, a swing seemed to be the most amazing place to have a seat and let it all out. She was actually still in the classroom looking over the written portion of Naruto's exam; she had seen Mizuki do something when he had picked it up, but she wasn't sure what. Flipping the page over she caught a glimpse of something tiny; looking closer she recognized it as a seal, but had no clue as to what it did. The door opening pulled her attention away; Iruka had returned for some reason, she cursed her luck. He quickly spotted the trespassing girl.

"Hinata, what are you doing here?" He asked; he had seen Naruto out on the swing, and wondered why she hadn't been out there comforting him. The girl held up a piece of paper; the scarred teacher walked over, taking a closer look. She held a test paper in her hands; he looked closer realizing exactly who the test belonged to. "Hinata, what are you doing