scent of Makishima, closes his eyes. Their mouths move together, growing more sure by the second, but then Makishima pulls away for breath; Toudou is left lightheaded and warm.

“Maki-chan…” Toudou breathes, his eyes fluttering open. Makishima's mouth is red, his face is red. “Stay over tonight.”

“Tonight?” Makishima replies dubiously. Toudou is on the verge of a sigh when Makishima shrugs. “Okay.”

Toudou prepares for the walk to the train station to be weird, but it's not. He prepares for Makishima to withdraw into himself, to rebuff Toudou's conversation, but he doesn't. Even when Toudou slides a hand to the small of Makishima's back and rubs the skin under his jersey, Makishima doesn't pull away, only lets Toudou move his fingers over the small bumps of his spine.

Once they're both at Toudou-an, showered, with Makishima dressed in Toudou's too-short and too-baggy sweats, Toudou shows Makishima to his room. Makishima doesn't seem interested in the decor, only sits on Toudou's bed and pats the spot next to himself.  Already? Toudou can't help but flush, taking nervous steps to his own bed and sitting stiffly.

“I need sleep,” Makishima announces, laying back in Toudou's pillows with one shoulder against the wall. Still stiff (but relaxing at the thought that they aren't going to  do it, of course they aren't, it's much too fast), Toudou follows suit. He squeaks once when Makishima puts an arm over his chest, but it's easy to relax into his rival's warmth. It's easy to reach for Makishima’s hand, to turn his face until they're nose to nose. It's easy to smile, and when Makishima's lips crook upwards, Toudou feels the return of his nervous butterflies.

“You look like an idiot,” Makishima states bluntly. Toudou feels his mouth stretch even wider.

“Excuse me, you're dating an idiot.”

“Am I? I don't remember agreeing to that.”

“Maki-chan!”

Toudou is cut off from speaking again by Makishima's mouth again his own. It's hot and demanding this time, and Toudou can taste toothpaste when Makishima's tongue traces his lower lip. Uncertain, Toudou parts his lips, sighing into Makishima's mouth when he feels the gentle brush of Makishima's tongue against his.

The heated feel of Makishima's kissing him has Toudou's body tingling, an electric current in his stomach. He can feel Makishima shift, hear him hiss at the same time something presses hard against his hip. Toudou's urge to break away and stutter nervously and obnoxiously is strong, but his body's natural reaction to roll toward Makishima is stronger. He wraps one arm tightly around Makishima's slender chest, buries his fingers in the thick hair at the nape of Makishima's neck. Thighs brush together, Makishima lifting his over Toudou's, hooking his calf behind Toudou and pulling their hips sharply together.

“Nnn—!” Toudou moans, squirms at the sensation of rubbing against Makishima's erection. His fingers tighten in Makishima's hair, pulling a sharp sound from Makishima's throat that is almost unmistakably pleasure. Tentatively, Toudou tugs gently, only to feel Makishima's hips buck into his, a harsh grunt sounding in the room.

Toudou parts the kiss for air, then crushes his mouth back against Makishima's. Their hips roll together in unison, Toudou failing to keep loud mewls and whimpers from escaping. He's loud and even he can tell he sounds desperate. "Maki-chan, Maki-chan, Maki-chan," Toudou gasps between kisses, growing dizzy. There are hands at his waist band, pushing his pajama pants down to bunch around his thighs along with his underwear. The cool air surprises Toudou, but not as much as the hot flesh that his cock comes in contact with.

“You're so loud,” Makishima says, but the state of his voice—rough, deep, and  wanting— completely undoes Toudou. He seeks more kisses, pulling hard on Makishima's hair, enjoying the wrecked sound Makishima makes. Toudou moves his hand up further, tugging and twisting, and Makishima doesn't stop making muffled sounds against Toudou’s lips. His hips rock erratically against Toudou, each spark of friction between their bodies driving them even deeper into their frenzy.

“You sound so hot, Maki-chan,” Toudou whispers, blushing up to his ears. His stomach is a mess of arousal and nerves, the feeling so strong Toudou is sure he’s going to burst from the intensity of it.

Suddenly, Makishima pushes Toudou onto his back. Toudou gasps, confused, watches Makishima spread his tanned thighs and settle between them. Makishima's hair is completely disheveled, waves sticking out around his reddened face. Toudou is sure Makishima has never looked more beautiful.

“