But spite was replaced the moment Emma plopped herself down in front of the thing – head pointed towards the smiling face of her father. Zoe could see the words in the little shifts of her daughter's head, occasionally catching a word or two soaring on the wind. Hi daddy… momma still misses… Uncle Mal says… best pilot… last drawing I… love you… Then Zoe saw Emma rummage through the little cloth sack she'd set aside, the two little toy dinosaurs peaking out. She placed them very carefully at the foot of the grave, all the while chatting away. Zoe looked from her child – their child – to Wash. Then back. A funny sensation filled throughout Zoe's body and it wasn't until Emma was back at her side – worried atmo eyes looking into Zoe's – that Zoe realized she had been crying. Her daughter's never seen her cry before. She took a step forward, still a ways away, taking in not only the headstone, but the entirety of her past etched in the early evening sky. Tears still slid down Zoe's cheeks, but words finally formed. Words for him. "We done good, Wash." She scooped Emma into her arms, smiling despite the tears. That man always did have a knack for making her smile. Together mother and daughter looked on as a setting sun began to form shadows around the three little graves. Zoe's gaze shifted to Emma, the child's own tear stained cheeks reflecting the oranges and pinks of the twilight sky. "We done good."

Immediate Post-Serenity Zoe.

The Alliance had patched them up shiny, but they had seemed to overlook the gapping whole in Zoe's chest. There was that old saying, man and woman were one flesh. She'd never much agreed with that old religious gou se, but as she slowly died over and over again during the flight back to Serenity, she felt it. In the back of her mind, beneath all the numbness and pain, there was still a glimmer of hope. They'd left as soon as it had happened, Mal dragging her, Zoe struggling for a while, but then resolve had pushed her forward. Maybe in that short expanse of time, they'd been wrong. Misread. The crew would get back and there he'd be, Wash, waiting for them all to return just like every other job. He'd hold her tight in his arms and Zoe'd collapse into him, healed by just the fact that he was.

Maybe that's why she'd made a point of being the first to go back inside their home. Not the grief, not the anguish, but the hope. The same hope which drained out of her body the second she approached the bridge. It smelled like rotting flesh. The recognition, the understanding paralyzed Zoe. The woman who'd faced reavers and alliance was scared. She was a like a kid again, in a dark room with no light. The fear of this darkness — this absence of life — overtook her. She didn't know how she managed to take anymore steps. But she did. And there he was. The flight suit seemed too big for him. So did his skin. He'd always been pale, but now he slouched a pearly grey. The hole in Zoe got larger each second she stared. Not a sound escaped her throat, not a breath. It was consuming her, eating her alive. Soon she'd be nothing. She felt it, felt herself getting closer and closer to the edge of something terrible. Only her back ached, a reminder of the stupidity of loving and losing. Death wish.

If man and woman were one flesh, how come she could still breath?

With the death of her mother, Zoe realizes something very important about life.

Zoe's fingers pressed lightly against the worn wood leaving little imprints on the forming layer of dust. The ancient dresser was a clutter of sentiment. Her mother's entire life strewn across every inch of the thing. Plastic pearls dangled over half burned candles. A framed picture of a drawing Zoe's eldest brother had made when he was five cast a shadow over the death certificate, also his. Shawls, dust covered hologram chips, a rusty old hammer, ornate chopsticks older than Zoe herself. If her mother had owned it, then it was there. Zoe's hand moved to a single leather glove. Through the fog of Serenity and war, Zoe could recall this glove. It had been a staple of her vesselborn youth. Now its fate had brought it planetside, doomed to be forgotten the moment Zoe left this place. She was the last Alleyne now, a badge she wore not so much outta pride, but loyalty.

She picked up the glove, its warmth oddly juxtaposed with the chill of the small house. As she lifted it up, Zoe's eyes were attracted to a large pile of papers the glove had been holding down. Her own name stood out against the first page