want to talk to you,” Vince orders.

“Zayn please, I’m sick,” Niall repeats as he grabs Zayn by the arm softly.

“Yeah, whatever,” Zayn shakes Niall’s grip off of him as he storms out of the room.

“You guys have a good night,” Niall quickly says to Chad and Vince as he runs after Zayn.

“Hey slow down!” Niall calls to Zayn as Zayn briskly walks to Niall’s truck.

“Can you believe him? Can you fucking believe him?!” Zayn shouts.

“He’s an ass; I can see,” Niall agrees.

“Why didn’t you tell me?!” Zayn asks.

“I don’t know him too well! He’s two years older, and we’ve only been in the same choir class a couples times. I didn’t know he would do something like this,” Niall pleads, “You really believe I’d ever let anyone hurt you?”

“Sorry, sorry, I know it’s not your fault. God, I just can’t believe myself. I’m so stupid,” Zayn says.

“You’re not stupid. You want to be in love, and he took advantage of that,” Niall replies as he tries to pull Zayn in for a hug, “Let’s go home, and I’ll cook you your favorite dessert, and I’ll put in Legally Blonde, and we’ll hate on all the guys in the world together.”

Zayn takes a deep breath and let’s himself sink into Niall’s arms. His head rests upon Niall’s forehead as he swallows in a few more breathes and close eyes. After a few seconds, he momentarily calms down, “You’re literally the best.”

“I know,” Niall chuckles, “Can you drive? I’m not drunk, but I’ve had a couple beers. You know, just to be safe.”

“You got it buddy,” Zayn says as they both hop into Niall’s truck.

“You deserve so much better than him,” Niall states.

“I just feel so dumb... I gave him my virginity…” Whatever calm Zayn was feeling quickly evaporates into another rage filled realization, “You know, wait here. I’ll be just a minute,” Zayn objects as he gets back out of the truck, “Be right back.”

“Zayn!” Niall calls out as he tries to unbuckle his seat belt. But it is jammed. By the time he rips it off of him, Zayn is already back in the house.

Niall pushes his way through the crowded party and finds himself in the room with the dancing again. Louis and Harry are still enwrapped in one another, appearing unfazed by the drama unfolding around them. Niall then looks for Chad and Zayn, but he does not spot them here.

Even with the darkness of the room, what he does see is a very intoxicated Vince sitting in the corner drinking sloppily from his fruity cocktail.

“Hey where did Zayn go? Has he been in here?” Niall asks Vince.

“Yeah, he hauled Chad out of the room. I don’t know where they went…” Vince replies, pointing his straw in the direction of a door that leads into another hallway.

“Thanks,” Niall says to him as he turns away.

“Hey man,” Vince states, “I hope that guy is alright. I knew he was talking to Chad when me and him started spending time together, but I did not think they were that serious. At least that’s what Chad told me... Also, be careful with him. Chad’s totally hammered, not in the right state of mind.”

“I’ll make sure it’s okay,” Niall accepts. But just as he is about to step into the hallway, someone else blocks the door.

“Niall!” Karlie exclaims.

“Karlie, hi!” Niall replies looking behind her.

“The blonde hair, it looks good,” Karlie stammers, obviously smashed.

“Thanks! Um, can you excuse me?” Niall says trying to push around her.

“I’ve been looking for you, actually,” She states.

“Maybe another time, I kind of got something going on,” Niall replies.

“I think I kind of miss you, probably a lot to be honest,” Karlie reveals.

“Oh, that’s nice,” He responds unenthusiastically.

“Could we talk about us at some point? I’m free right now if you are!” She exclaims.

“Karlie,” Niall breaths. Because Niall would be lying if he said he had never thought about this moment. The moment in which the girl he thought was the love of his life would come back and recognize his worth. Their happily ever after would be back on track.

But that is when Niall realizes he has not even thought of the fantasy for nearly two months. Since Zayn. As if Zayn’s lips broke a dark curse that had ravaged Niall’s life.

“We had something great,”