that Cas wants to be with him. So, when Castiel approaches him holding two differently shaded ties, Dean just cups his face,one hand sliding up to tangle in his hair, and kisses him so fiercely that he stumbles backwards. Dean chases his lips and just holds them both there, in their own little bubble, foreheads pressed together, just enough breathing space between them.

"What did I do?" Castiel whispers, huffing a laugh, obviously taken by surprise at Dean’s very public display of affection.

"So much. You don’t even know." Dean answers, not joking in the slightest.

He forgets where they are until the store clerk clears his throat loudly and they have to separate.

"I was going to ask which one you like, but-" Castiel begins.

"That one." Dean says, pointing to the one in his boyfriend’s left hand. Castiel doesn’t even question it, just offers it up to the store clerk for purchase.

They argue over who’s buying, as usual.

 

-X-x-X-

 

The night before, Dean can’t sleep. The stress of it all insists on keeping him awake.

What if Cas says no? What if he decides Dean isn’t good enough? What if he breaks it off completely? The questions start to suffocate him but Castiel is sleeping soundly beside him. Curled in to his boyfriend’s side, he is oblivious to the chaos in Dean’s head.

Dean is lying on his back, his gaze tracking Castiel’s features. If Castiel rejects him tomorrow, this might be the last time he gets to do this, so he turns onto his side, facing Cas. They’re close enough that Dean can feel Cas’ hot breath on his skin. He dips his head forward slightly and kisses him chastely. Just a small press of lips, nothing that should stir Cas. But it does.

"Stop stressing, Dean. Go to sleep." Dean is surprised when Cas speaks. He slides his arm over Dean’s waist, shuffles closer and opens his eyes to greet Dean’s worried ones.

"Whatever it is, it’s going to be okay." Castiel murmurs comfortingly. And it works. Dean relaxes in Castiel’s embrace. He trusts Cas. He trusts their relationship.

Dean brings a hand up slowly to gently tuck Cas’ hair over the shell of his ear and then rest his palm against Cas’ jaw. Castiel leans into the touch.

"You know, I think I get it..." Dean begins quietly, nothing more than a murmur in the dark.

"Get what?" Castiel prompts.

Dean waits. He’s not sure what for, but the few seconds that he stalls, cement his next words into the core of his beating heart.

"Why you’re the one." He whispers.

Castiel smiles, the blush rising in his cheeks. "All this fatigue is making you a sap." He remarks.

Dean gets his four hours of sleep.

 

-X-x-X-

 

This is third time he’s tried to tie this goddamn, piece-of-shit tie and he’s so close to just ripping it off before large hands take it from him and do the knot effortlessly.

Dean tilts his head upwards so Sam can tighten it.

"Where did you learn how to do a tie?" he asks.

Sam shrugs. "Jess."

"Marry her, Sam." Dean advises as usual, every time she’s brought up in conversation. He likes Jess. He thinks she’s good for his brother.

Sam laughs. "Yeah, I’m planning on it." He says it so casually as he drops back onto his brother's bed that Dean has to do a double take at him in the mirror.

"When did you decide?"

"Couple weeks ago."

Dean throws a rolled up magazine at his brother's head because he’s too far away to punch in the shoulder. "Why didn’t you tell me?"

Sam shrugs again as he catches the magazine, unrolls it to flip through it nonchalantly. "Didn’t wanna steal your thunder."

"I've got dibs on best man." Dean says sternly, pointing a finger.

"I don’t even get a choice?" Sam asks, jokingly offended.

"You’ll always have a choice, Sammy." Dean replies, his tone much softer than before.

Sam watches his brother finish getting ready. "I don’t have anyone else." He states, echoing his brother’s words from a few weeks ago. Understanding, Dean just smiles at him in the mirror as he pulls on his suit jacket.

Castiel appears at their door just then and whistles, low and provocative, when he takes in the sight of his boyfriend. Dean turns to him, arms spread, presenting himself for Cas’ approval.

Castiel saunters up to him - dressed like sex itself, completely dripping in sin that Dean should have dropped to his knees - and kisses him so downright filthily that