"So stupid. Such a looser," came another round of self-inflicting expressions, "Why can't I be like Heero, or like Wufei. Why can't I be strong like them?"

It was painful for Wufei to hear. He tried to imagine himself in the very predicament that Fumio was in. What would he do? How would he deal with it? He struggled to find an answer, and began to realise the full extent of the frustration the boy must have been feeling.

He felt a saddened tugging on his heart. His desire to see Fumio's pain end was becoming a profound weight on his mind. A part of him badly wanted to run in there and somehow convince and assure him that the pain would end and everything would be all right, but the truth was, he didn't know. If Noin's plan didn't work, he was at a loss as to what might happen in the long term.

He peered back around the door frame into the room. Fumio was tiring rapidly. His breathing was heavy and rapid, but still he continued mustering strength from deep within to strike at the punch bag, making heavy grunting and puffing noises with each, now weakening strike. The bag was swinging back and forth and Fumio had to get his timing right to make contact with it. Suddenly he took a lunging swing and missed, causing him to spin around and slump to the ground on his butt.

Another time and place, and it might have been funny, but Fumio was far from laughing. His face became scarlet as he angrily scrambled back to his feet, now totally infuriated. Wufei cringed, biting his bottom lip as he watched the distressed boy unleash hell back at the bag.

"Agghhh! Stupid, stupid, bag," he squealed through grit teeth as he desperately pummelled his tiny fists and feet into it, punching and kicking with every last drop of energy he could muster, tears now welling in his eyes and running down his cheeks.

The tugging pangs Wufei could feel on his heart were growing. He could feel an instinct building within that was urging him to go to Fumio, to do something, anything, to just be there for him, to do something to help stop the hurt. But he knew that he couldn't, he mustn't interfere, at least not yet. Fumio had to deal with this, to face up to it in his own way. Trying to protect him from it would not help.

He continued to observe. Fumio was exhausted, trembling with a lack of energy, but still he continued to launch into the bag, simultaneously cursing and sobbing with each impact.

Suddenly Wufei noticed red smear marks appearing on the white vinyl-like material of the punch bag. He focused on Fumio's right forearm and realised that the large bandage had become soaked with blood.

"Damn." he thought to himself, "He's re-opening his wound."

The need to intervene suddenly took on new urgency. Wufei stood hesitantly in the doorway while he finally and quickly debated whether he was doing the right thing by stepping in, before finally hurrying into the room towards the boy.

Fumio was still punching and cursing relentlessly at the bag, although it was becoming more and more difficult to muster the energy to lash out. What had once been two or three punches or kicks every second had now reduced down to one weakened punch every four or five seconds between fighting to catch his breath.

His whole body was stinging, his muscles aching and burning, begging him to stop the relentless attacks. The small cuts and scratches over his face and arms were soaked in sweat causing an inflamed burning sensation all over his flesh. The blood from his bandaged wound was now running onto his hand causing the punch bag to become a bloodied mess. Despite his near-exhaustion, still he continued battling the frustrations that continued to tear relentlessly at his mind.

Wufei arrived quickly, placing himself between Fumio and the bag. He reached out gripping the boy firmly by the upper arms.

"Fumio. Come on, calm down." he urged, "You're damaging yourself."

At first, Fumio seemed to not see him or ignore him, and tried shrugging off his hold, keeping his eyes and attention firmly fixed on the punch bag, trying to take another swing at it.

Wufei tightened his grip, "Fumio." he said more firmly, "At ease soldier. Come on. Stand down. Stand down. you've got to calm down."

Suddenly Fumio broke his focus from the bag and stared up at him.

Wufei saw the distant, out-of-it look in his tearful, reddened eyes, as if his mind was completely somewhere else.

Wufei squeezed his grip on Fumio's forearms again, "That's it. Just calm down. Slow it up. Get your breath back kid," he tried to speak in a calming tone.

Fumio was still gasping for breath, sobbing at the same time.

Slowly he began to lowered himself down until he sat tiredly, cross-legged on the floor,