sits down and opens up the grinder, setting it down in her lap. Reaching into the pocket of her jacket, she pulls out the small plastic pouch she's looking for. Taking a small nugget from the pouch, she places it in the grinder and puts the top back on. Beginning to twist the grinder between her fingers, Calum looks out over the garden lit by the dim moonlight. She'd probably think it was pretty if she wasn't so drunk. Suddenly bright yellow light spills out over the lawn and catches Calum's attention. The door has opened, and out steps the blonde girl from before.

"Well hey there." Calum smiles at the girl once she is sure she is walking her way. She stops twisting the grinder and takes the top off.
"Hey yourself." The girl smiles. "Got any of that for me?" She sits next to Calum on the bench, smiling sweetly. That damn lip ring shines in the moonlight.
Calum folds a groove into the rolling paper and puts a roach in. She begins sprinkling some of the ground-up herb into it. "Nah," she responds, probably a little late due to her concentration. "But we could share if you like." She looks up at the blonde girl as she licks the paper, rolling it into its final shape.
The girl smiles. "Sweet."

Calum smiles back as she twists the end and inserts it into her mouth. She pats her pockets for a lighter, but the blonde holds one up before she can find it. Calum holds the end of the joint to the flame, breathes in, pauses, and then exhales.
"Thanks," she says, "but I never caught your name."
"Luke." The blonde - Luke - smiles.
"Calum." Calum responds, holding out the joint for Luke to take. Luke takes it, puts it between her gorgeous lips, and breathes in deeply like she needs it as much as oxygen. The look of it all makes Calum shudder.

"Wanna fuck?" Calum blurts, and Luke hands her the joint, not fazed by the bluntness of the question.
"That was the intention." Luke smiles cheekily, and Calum feels herself getting wetter by the second. She breathes in the smoke from the joint and closes her eyes, willing herself to relax. Lazily she blows out a smoke ring before passing the joint back to Luke.

"I've never seen you around before. You new to town?" Calum asks as Luke inhales.
Luke shakes her head and breathes out a cloud of smoke. Once her lungs are full again she responds. "Nah, I'm one of the quieter kids at school. I am in your literature class though." She smiles, not even offended.
"Oh. Well I don't pay a lot of attention in Lit. It's not my best subject." Calum smiles back.
Luke laughs, flipping her long hair over her shoulder. Calum watches her, not even realizing she's been holding her breath until her lungs start burning. She immediately reaches for the joint between Luke's fingers and takes it back. She takes one last, long drag before stubbing it out and flicking it to the side.

"So." Luke says.
"So." Calum smirks.
"Bedroom?" Luke asks.
"Yeah." Calum grins cheekily and stands up, pocketing the grinder and walking towards the house again. Luke follows, taking her hand, only a step behind. 

Once they're inside they make their way through the lounge. Mike is there, so on her way past Cal puts the grinder into his hand. He looks at the way Luke is hanging onto her other hand and winks. Cal grins cheekily and starts walking again. Once they are in the hallway near the bedrooms, Calum attaches her lips to Luke's neck, sucking and licking and biting. She opens the bedroom door and pushes Luke inside, grinning as the girl swings her hips while she walks over to the bed. Damn.

The door swings shut and Calum immediately has her top off. She then lifts Luke's strappy black singlet over her head, revealing the lacy black bra underneath. Smiling, Calum presses her mouth to Luke's neck and makes her way down to her collarbone. As gently as she can, Calum pushes Luke down onto the bed below her. She works her way down Luke's chest with her mouth until she reaches the top of her bra cup. Supporting herself with one elbow, she moves her other arm to begin gently cupping Luke's plump breast, feeling its firmness and roundness beneath her soft fingers.

Luke moans, and when Calum looks up she has her lip ring between her teeth. Calum hums into her breast before reaching around to her back to undo the bra clasp. It opens swiftly and she pulls it off, tossing it to the side. Calum automatically moves her lips to Luke's hard nipple, kissing and sucking and biting until Luke is whining for more.

"Caaaaalum." Luke whines, making Calum smirk. Her hands are roaming