Harry leans       his head against Snape's peaked shoulder and closes his eyes. The suns       beats down on them.

"Where are we?"

"I've told you before. The space       between."

"Oh yes," Harry lifts his head.       "O Espaço No Meio. Tell me what that means."

"This is the space you travel       through while Apparating," Snape drinks more of the water. "We       have stopped here."

"For how long?"

"I do not know. Dumbledore will send       someone to fetch us when it is safe to go back."

Harry rests his head on Snape's shoulder       again, "It's bloody hot."

"It is a desert."

"Why don't I have my magic       here?"

"You ask too many questions."

Harry shuts his mouth and watches the       sheep roam around the oasis. The only goat in the flock has a lock of       black on its hindquarters and tends to lean against the palm trees.       Arondicus flies back with a skein of water and a bunch of figs. He drops       them at Snape's feet and goes off to herd the sheep properly.

"I suppose we should leave the       sheep-herding to the bird."

Snape just grunts in reply.

 

Snape watches as Harry's modesty becomes       a non-issue. The boy cavorts around the oasis with that bloody bird and       the sheep all day long, wearing little more than cutoff trousers that       Snape himself modified. His skin is a golden tan and he smiles more than       any boy should. Snape is more aroused than he ever wants to be.

"Look what I've found!"

Harry sits down next to Snape heavily and       drops a small pebble in Snape's hand, "It's a black star       sapphire."

Snape looks at the stone. It shimmers in       the sunlight and Harry smiles happily. He closes Snape's fingers around it       before jumping up and brushing sand off his thighs. Snape resolutely does       not look at his thighs.

"Keep it."

And with that he takes off running again,       chasing the goat with the black lock on its hindquarters. Harry named it       Aberforth. Sometimes the boy is oddly clever.

Snape looks at the stone in his hand and       smiles. The stone shimmers, calling to him. He deposits it in the pocket       of his trousers and leans back on his hands again to watch the boy cavort       around the oasis.

Snape barely misses the darkness of his       dungeons and the putrid odor of potions. Sun and sweat have taken their       place welcomingly.

 

Harry finds butterflies on the opposite       side of the oasis. He lies back in the sand with Arondicus and Aberforth       and watches them flutter above him. Snape never comes to this side of the       oasis, choosing to stay closer to their tents and the flock of sheep.

The palm trees offer enough shade for       Harry to rest comfortably, one hand on his stomach. A brilliant blue and       bronze butterfly flutters across his stomach and lands on his thumb. Harry       murmurs softly to the butterfly and names it Gaia.

Here in O Espaço No Meio, Harry feels       safe. Snape has explained little beyond where they are and that they are       safe from Voldemort. Bill Weasley drops by once a week - or what Harry       assumes is a week - with supplies and words from home. At night, Harry       pretends that he doesn't hear Snape and Bill together.

Once, Harry woke to find them sitting       outside the tent together. They were silhouetted against the tent by the       moonlight, Snape's head tilted against Bill's shoulder and Bill's arm       around Snape's bare waist.

Harry watched them for what felt like an       eternity until they moved to go back into the tent. He squeezed his eyes       shut and thought of red and black hair mingling together.

Underneath the palm tree, Harry smiles       and wonders if Bill will be returning soon. Snape is happier when he's       around.

Sometimes, Harry lies in the sand and       wishes he could make Snape happy as well.

 

The boy has gained another creature in       his strange menagerie. A butterfly in Ravenclaw colours named Gaia. Harry       solemnly introduced Snape to the fluttering creature one night after his       daily explorations of the oasis.

Harry wanders too far most days and Snape       worries. Today is no different. He shades his eyes with his hand and       searches the oasis close to the tent for a sign of Harry or any of his       creatures. The desert shimmers and calls to Snape but he ignores it. He       knows the dangers that lie outside of the oasis.

O Espaço No Meio is ripe with fantastic       beasts that have been sent here to keep them from harming those in the       true Wizarding world. The desert is full of manticores and chimeras that       would kill them without a thought.

Snape tries to impart that fear, but       Harry still stares at the desert during the daylight hours. He fears the       desert properly at night.

Snape thrusts his hand in his pocket and       clutches at the black star sapphire. He chews on his lower lip and starts       to think about going after Harry. The path Harry takes to the other side       of the oasis is the same everyday.

Before Snape can convince himself that he       has to go find Harry, Harry