at the loud bangs, and Tsukishima lost himself to the pure fear and overload ripping around his body.

 

-xox-

 

The first bang happened, the first of the lights lit up the sky, and Kuroo punched his steering wheel. He’d made arrangements to leave volleyball practice early, giving himself time to get home before all the traffic clogged the roads, but then a first year had twisted their ankle, and as Coach of the Nekoma team, he was duty bound to stay behind. He’d had to leave late, and now he was stuck in traffic. He was two blocks away, only two blocks.

Kuroo thought about Tsukishima, stuck alone in the apartment as fireworks exploded overhead. He’d been there through three fireworks festivals now for Tsukishima. He’d been there all the time growing up for Kozume; he knew how this went.

Kuroo tried not to think about the pure panic Tsukishima was in. He tried not to think about how his frail body would be racked with sobs, how he would scream here and there, making his throat vibrate. How he would be curled up somewhere, trying to hide away as much as he could.

Kuroo cursed and slammed his horn. A red light turned green. Kuroo inched his car forward. His turning was just up ahead, and it was clear of traffic. He just had to get past the three cars that sat in front of him. The green light changed to red again and Kuroo punched the wheel again.

His phone rang, and Kuroo glanced at it, before grabbing it and hitting answer.

“Akaashi.”

“Please tell me you’re home. Tsukki’s phone isn’t replying and you usually answer it when you’re there so please tell me his phone is just in the bedroom and you’re cuddling with him on the couch.”

“I’m stuck in traffic. I’m literally four minutes away, I just needed to get past these damn cars.”

“Kuroo you said you would be home early! We arranged it all-”

“Someone twisted their ankle just before I was going to leave. I was the only first aider there, I had to stay until his parents picked him up.”

The light turned green and the first car didn’t move. Kuroo blared his horn.

“Jesus.”

“I know, I know, he’s terrified. I’m moving now.”

“Stay on the phone with me.”

“Akaashi, I’m driving.”

“I need to make sure you get there or else I have to get the metro down there myself!” It was a snap down the phone and Kuroo grit his teeth.

“I’m about to turn the corner, hold on.”

Kuroo dropped his phone on the passenger seat and turned as quickly as he dared, both hands on the wheel. He slid onto the kerb, making sure he didn’t block too much of the road – he could park his car in the parking block later – and then he grabbed his phone and climbed out.

“I’m heading up now.”

His car beeped as Kuroo pressed the key for it to lock and then he rushed to the door, buzzing his key.

“Do you want me to come down town? I’ve finished everything I need to do this evening-”

“-You’re busy working on your new manga, Keiji. You need this time to focus and write. You have deadlines, Tsuks and I will be fine, I promise.”

Akaashi sighed down the phone, and Kuroo ran up the stairs. He knew it was hard on Akaashi – he was Tsukishima’s main source of comfort. He couldn’t provide the feeling of being safe with his hugs, that was down to Kuroo and Bokuto’s strong arms. Yet, Akaashi always kept Tsukishima calm. His temperament clicked with Tsukishima, and Tsukishima was always happy to curl up with Akaashi, even when he was Bad.

Kuroo slammed his key into the front door. “I’m here.”

“How is he?”

“I’m unlocking the damn door will you give me a minute?”

The door shuddered when Kuroo jarred it open. Immediately, Kuroo stepped inside the dark apartment and shut the door quietly.

“How loud is that television?”

“He probably turned it up to try and hide the noise.” Kuroo turned it down and looked around in the dark light. The fireworks helped to light the apartment. “I can’t find him.”

Kuroo immediately rushed through to the bedroom, but there was no lump under the blanket. Kuroo dropped to his knees and looked under the bed. No quivering Tsukishima underneath there either.

The bathroom and shower were empty.

“Akaashi he isn’t here.”

“What the hell do you mean he isn’t there?”

“I mean the apartment is empty!”

Akaashi’s voice was hinging on panic. For Tsukishima to be lost on the streets during fireworks… they’d had that once before and hadn’t been able to find him for a week. Akiteru had almost killed all three of them