which, to him, was the whole point.

“Would you like pleasure?” he asked with a voice of confidence she’d not heard before.

“Mhmm,” replied Y/N, nodding lightly before letting out a gasp as a single finger slipped between her lips to tease, circling leisurely.

Spencer’s grin was somewhat disturbing as he watched her struggle against the restraint, her hands instinctively wanting to feel him or at least her own body. What started as a gasp became a steady whimper as he continued to move with increasing pressure and pace. Y/N’s body was just starting to get into the rhythm of the motions when, suddenly, they ceased.

Spencer had stepped away from her, leaving her trapped and alone at the end of the bed as he walked around the side toward the dresser. Craning her head, she tried to see what he was but from her position she just couldn’t, all she could do was listen to the sound of him opening a drawer then closing it again.

The footsteps came back toward her and she let her eyes fall again, not looking to him till he stood right in front of her. In one hand was a bottle of clear fluid and in the other was the toy she usually kept in the drawer of her nightstand. Surprise spread across her face once again as she looked up to him, not fully knowing what he had in mind but the thoughts of what it could be made her weak at the knees.

Taking a step toward her, he placed the items down, freeing his hands to remove his shirt. Two eyes burned into her as she looked back at him, searching his eyes for a clue as to what was next. Once he was free of his shirt, Spencer picked up the toy that he’d brought to her, kneeling in front of her and staring into the gap between her thighs.

“Open your legs,” he commanded, and she obeyed, shuffling her feet apart as he pressed the toy against her inner thigh. It was a little cold on her hot skin as it traced upward with the most gradual of paces. The anticipation was enough to cause her to breathe in a laboured manner, waiting to feel the bliss once more but he prolonged each moment with complete control, teasing one side then the other before circling her, wetting the tip of the toy with her own moisture.

“Mmmm,” she hummed as he positioned the toy, slowly sliding it upward, letting her take it in a little at a time. The feeling caused her to close her eyes, letting her head roll back as she hung by her wrists. The pinch of the steel reminded her of her restraint while the steady motion of the toy sent gradual waves through her.

It was her bliss he craved, the thing he wanted most was to hear her enjoying his work, to know that it was him that gave her so much pleasure. In the end, it was her pleasure that gave him pleasure. It was her getting off on him that would get him off.

Without warning, she felt his lips press against her stomach as they began to kiss their way down toward her. The closer he got the more she held her breath, waiting for the inevitable feel of his tongue as it slipped between her lips and pressed against her pleasure point.

The intensity caused her to cry out a little but the more she whimpered and moaned the deeper he pushed the toy and the harder and faster he pressed his tongue. But what about him? Surely, this was only serving her? Looking down she realised that his free hand was wrapped around his cock, slowly pumping along with the motions as he got off on her restrained pleasure.

Y/N’s moaning and groaning and writhing had been too much to watch without touching himself, like living pornography right in front of him. He needed her to feel so much more before he could join her but he was unable to hold onto his internal restraint.

Heat started to build from deep inside her as she felt the first orgasm start to build. The deepening toy and the feel of his mouth were such intense feelings that it rushed forward so fast she was barely able to contain her moaning.

“Come for me,” he demanded in a low and powerful voice, looking up to her before he spoke again. “I want you to come, Y/N”

Spencer didn’t have to ask twice because the moment his lips hit her again the feeling of bliss exploded violently through her, causing her to writhe against him and against her restraints so much that she had to hold onto the crossbar to stop the cuffs from hurting her.

As her body calmed from the powerful orgasm, he released her from his mouth but left the toy inside her, letting her inner muscles tighten and loosen against it. Her world was spinning and her senses were on fire as she came down from bliss, so much so that she almost didn’t notice the sound of a cap snapping shut. Looking down to him again, she realised that he had spread some of the clear fluid onto his hand and was now