He finally releases him, sitting up to straddle him and licking his lips in satisfaction at the sight of him breathless and disheveled beneath him.

His hands wander to Viktor's collar, tracing around it lightly before deciding that he'd like for it to stay on. In fact, he'd like for all of it to stay on. Mostly, he amends, unbuttoning his cassock and the crisp white shirt beneath it. His eyes wander down a chest so beautifully sculpted that Eros wonders why it isn't placed among the statues of saints, pristine and chiseled from flawless marble. He drags a claw lightly down to his abdomen, watching the strong muscle twitch beneath his touch. Perfection. A perfect specimen of human. Eros licks his lips again eagerly, his fingers trailing down to Viktor's trousers. Viktor's eyes never leave his face as he does so.

Viktor's hardness is evident through the fabric, and when it's removed, Eros has to stop himself from drooling at the sight of his cock springing forth. Such power. He needs it.

But first, he thinks rather wickedly, he'd like to play with it.

His materialized clothing slips into nothingness so quickly that Viktor starts, eyes wide in awe. Those same eyes roam over Eros' now naked form, unable to stay in one place for very long as they wander, drinking him in fully. Eros feels a shiver run through him now as he closes his eyes, letting himself take his natural form. His ears tingle as they lengthen, and the horns that jut from his head curl slightly before hardening. His tail unfurls, twisting languidly, and this draws Viktor's attention immediately. He can't seem to look away from it as it slithers up his thigh.

When it wraps around his cock, Viktor gasps sharply, body tensing as it tightens and begins to stoke him up and down. Eros has to bite back his own gasp, his tail nearly ablaze. Sensitive flesh against sensitive flesh. The tender tip of his tail teases the head of Viktor's cock, and Viktor throws his head back and gasps louder, his hips starting to jerk in time with Eros' stroking.

But Eros slows now, watching in delight as the man grows frustrated. He grasps his thighs to stop him from trying to thrust his hips, smiling sweetly at him.

"Now, now, Your Grace. No need to be impatient. We have the entire night."

He can't tell if Viktor looks more terrified or aroused, but either way, his only answer is a low groan as Eros' tail picks up its pace again. It strokes him hard and fast suddenly, and when Viktor's breathing starts hitching, it slows. He can tell that the man is growing slowly mad, grinding his teeth and trying to move his hips once more. Eros plays at this for some time, starting and then stopping whenever Viktor's limit is approached. Far too soon, he thinks a bit sadly, watching the man's reddened face brighten further in frustration and desperation. It seems as though Eros will have to play with him a little while longer before truly claiming his essence. 

Eros starts to pump his own cock in time with his tail, and this seems to bring Viktor closer to the edge much faster, his body twitching hard. His hands clutch at his own robes clumsily, and Eros watches in some amusement before realizing that he's trying to scramble for something. His eyes narrow, arm shooting out to pin Viktor's as it reaches for his robes. What he snatches up infuriates him.

The holy water? Again? How? Had he grabbed it back up quickly from the altar while Eros was powerless in his arms? 

"Do you really think that this is enough to kill me?" Eros jeers, twisting the vial open. His tail is still at work, and Viktor squirms helplessly as he watches him.

Eros will put the fear of Hell into him. He tilts his head back at the same time as he tilts the vial towards him, and the water is liquid fire as it runs down his chest. It burns. It feels like a blazing blade has run him through, tearing down to his stomach, lower, lower, and Eros jerks his hips, biting back a scream as it drizzles down onto his cock. It sizzles, curling and steaming, but the sensation only makes him grow harder. He drops the vial now, grasping himself instead, feeling his hands start to burn as well. The head of his cock is already dripping, and he focuses on drawing it out, thickening it and coating himself in it. His body works to produce more, and it mingles with the holy water stinging his skin, dribbling down onto the rug in a sleek slather.

Viktor is watching, eyes enormous, jaw slackened. It tightens as Eros mounts him once more, rubbing himself teasingly against his hole. It twitches, and it's nearly enough to send Eros into a frenzy. He leans forward, eyes never leaving his face as his tail uncurls from around him