They hate me." My lips quivered and tears filled my eyes.

 

"But I love you." He replied, booping my chin. He kissed me again and laid me down. He wrapped me in his arms.

 

"Shh, Pez. It'll be alright," I laid in his warmth and inhaled his scent. "Everything will be alright."

 

*Time Skip* 

 

Zayn's Point of View

 

Liam invited me and Perrie over to his flat. I do love Perrie, I really do. That's no lie. I'm completely smitten with Perrie Edwards. But, I'm also really attracted to Liam.

 

I know Liam is in love with Sophia but I'm pretty sure he also likes me. As much as I adore Liam, I'd never wanna see Perrie hurt. I care about her a lot and I'm hoping that if me and Liam do end up together, that me and Perrie could still be friends. Perrie and I arrived hand in hand. I knocked on Liam's door.

 

He opened the door shirtless. How lovely. 

 

"Hey, lemme just go throw a shirt on. Come in." Perrie smiled, looking down at her shoes. It was so cute how she wouldn't stare at other guys. She was so cute. I smiled, kissing her cheek as we walked inside. We sat on the couch next to Sophia who smiled at us before returning her gaze to the telly.

 

Liam ran back down, pulling a dull red shirt on. Liam sat next Sophia, smirking at me. He switched his gaze from me, to Perrie, back to me. I smiled at him. He gave his attention to the telly for a moment.

 

"Oh, I'm such a bad host! Are you guys hungry? Thirsty? Dying?" Perrie giggled and shook her head. 

 

"I'm fine, thank you, Liam." She said shyly.

 

"I want a drink, Li." 

 

"Of course you do, Zayn."

 

"Only so you have to get up."

 

"Why does that not surprise me?" Liam smirked and walked into the kitchen, coming back with a water bottle. I opened the bottle, looking at Perrie questioningly as if to say "do you want some"? She shook her head once more, putting her hand on my leg. I could feel Liam's eyes burning holes in my leg. I knew he noticed her gesture.

 

Frankly, I thought it was quite funny. He then proceeded to put his arm around Sophia. Oh? We're gonna play like that are we? Aha, Liam was so funny.

 

I set my water bottle on the coffee table and scooted closer to Perrie, if even possible. I pecked her lips and she smiled. Liam rolled his eyes, I felt it. 

 

"So what are we watching, Liam?" I asked, breaking the silence.

 

"Don't know. Soph put it on." I then looked at Sophia who gave no recognition to the conversation so I figured I wouldn't ever get an answer to my question. So I gave my attention back to Perrie, much to Liam's dismay. Aha, this was fun. Getting him all jealous and such. Jealous Liam was one of the funniest things you could ever see.

 

Liam started playing with Sophia's hair which was fine. Didn't bother me one bit. I heard a small noise as Perrie got out her phone of her coat pocket. She grinned a toothy grin. I saw the name "Jade" flash on her screen.

 

I watched Perrie type away in a quick manner on her phone. I caressed Perrie's shoulder as she texted her lovely band mate. Soon, she put her phone back in her pocket and returned her attention back to me. She cuddled further into me and I'm sure Liam's eyes were burning holes in her skin but that wasn't my problem. Because me and Liam are not dating. 

 

*Time Skip*

 

Louis' Point of View

 

Today, I had organized a hang out day with me and the lads. Of course, Zayn and Liam had been super eager to bring their loves along with. Which I was more than happy to allow. Media might find it odd that Zayn and Liam had their girls under their arms and I didn't but I didn't care. I didn't want to see Eleanor right now.

 

I just wanted to spend some time with my boys. The plan was for everyone to meet at my flat and then we'd go wherever we felt like going. Zayn and Perrie arrived first, Perrie was drowning in one of Zayn's sweatshirts, which I found quite funny. She had a messy bun in her hair. A little bit of makeup on.

 

But for the most part, she looked pretty laid back. Zayn was wearing a pair of sweats and a snapback as well as a hoodie. Then arrived Liam & Sophia, they both looked pretty chilled as well. Niall arrived later because of course, he was goofing off. Once