shadows under the stairs.



&&&&&

"Looks like everything needed for the spell is here at Bobby's." Cas squinted over the pages.  His vision was fine, but it was the face he made when he was thinking.

"Except the virgin blood. Where are we gonna get that?" Balthazar asked.

"I say we tap Cassie here.  He's the only one of us who hasn't pole danced in our vessels."  Gabriel grabbed Balthazar's hips and made thrusting motions.

"Bite me." Cas snapped.  "Unless you've been entertaining the sheep at the next farm over, all of our vessels are virgins now.  Besides, I don't think we can use our own blood for a spell that affects us."

"So how are we going to get this precious fluid?" Balthazar asked, stepping back into his brother's gyrating hips, forcing Gabriel off-balance and then elbowing him to the floor.

"Think Bobby will let us go to the park by ourselves?" Castiel asked, his eyes glinting in a way that his brothers knew all too well.



&&&&&

"Just pretend you are here watching me." Castiel offered.

"Which would be fine if you were out there playing, but instead we're just sitting here watching other kids play and hoping they will fight with each other." Gabriel looked to Balthazar for support, but his brother was just laying back, eyes closed and soaking up sun.

"Just wait.  Eventually some tyke is gonna be a pain in the arse.  They always are." Balthazar answered his brother's unspoken question without even opening his eyes.  Castiel just watched them.  He was sometimes jealous of how his two older brothers were so much more in tune with each other than either of them were with him.

"There we go." Cas spoke quietly and the other angels followed his gaze.  Walking across the baseball field were five pre-teen boys, maybe 11 or 12.  They weren't doing anything particularly strange, but even Gabriel felt something.  Like he wanted to smite them on principal.

"You know them Cassie?" Gabriel asked.

"In a way.  I came across them down by the creek a few months ago."

Balthazar sat up with immediate understanding. "That day, you came home, wet and bleeding across your eye.  That was them, wasn't  it.  You didn't fall into the creek and hit a rock."

Cas gave his brother a side-ways glance.  "No."

"What the hell, Cassie?  Why did you lie about that?" Gabriel stood up.

Without moving his head, Cas shifted his eyes to his eldest brother.  "Why do you think?"

"Dean would have gone ballistic." Balthazar said simply.

"My vessel is young and I wasn't as good at fighting back as I expected to be."

"So now we're gonna make them bleed, that it?"  Gabriel looked back over to the boys, who had spotted Cas on the bench and altered course towards them.

"That is the general idea, yes."

"Bring it on." Gabriel gave them one his half-smirks and Balthazar couldn't help smiling too. "This will be a thrill."  Cas stood up between his brothers, a faint smile forming as he fingered the corked test tube in his jacket pocket.



&&&&&

"Hello." Sam answered.  "Dean's driving Castiel.  You can tell me whatever it is.  Arrested?  All of you?"  Sam felt the phone scrape his ear as Dean grabbed it back.

"What the fuck is going on Cas?" Dean's voice echoing in the car.

"We've been arrested, Dean.  Sheriff Mills told me to call Bobby, but I called you instead.  Are you almost home?"  Cas's voice didn't quiver until he got to the word home, which made Dean's gut clench.

"Almost, but not close enough to come bail you out.  What did you do anyway?"

"Just got into a fight, but one of the mom's at the park called the police.  We all got brought in but Gabriel, Balthatzar and I are still stuck here.  We were hoping you could come get us.  Bobby's anger can be....unpredictable."

Dean knew that Bobby's patience with the angles was much shorter than his own or Sam's, but he also knew from experience that Bobby was a fair man.  He'd listen first before going off.  "You're gonna have to call Bobby, Cas.  Sam and I'll be home just after supper.  You don't wanna sit in that jail cell until then."

"No, I s'pose not.  But you will be home tonight?"

"Promise.  Don't worry. We'll sort this out."

"Thanks Dean."

"Sure thing, buddy."  Dean ended the call, tossed the phone at Sam wordlessly and floored the accelerator.  Sam knew better than to ask anything just yet.



&&&&&

"They were balls-to-ass stupid, Dean!  I