did you?”

She began to nervously pull her fingers through her long side ponytail.

He shook his head, his amusement evident on his face. “Fear not; the reason for my visit is something entirely different.”

That caught Athena’s interest. “Which would be…?”

The moment of truth had come; as unobtrusively as he could, Simon took a deep breath, and stated, “I would like to reintroduce you to someone you have not seen in a long time.”

She was perplexed. “But I see Pearly pretty regularly… wait. Hold on. You aren’t referring to what she can do…?!”

Seeing that she had already deduced what he was proposing, he nodded.

“You have seemed troubled lately. I feel responsible for having been a part in causing you this distress, and so I have asked Fey-dono for her assistance.”

For a moment, something resembling panic flickered in Athena’s eyes.

“I don’t know if right now is a good time…”

He raised an eyebrow behind his fringe. “You just stated that you were not occupied with anything at the moment.”

Then, Simon’s voice softened slightly, but certainly more than enough for Athena’s sensitive hearing to pick up on it. “Please, Athena… this uncertainty is unsettling you. I do not need to be able to peer into your heart to see it. I know this is difficult, but perhaps it will give you closure.”

He knew he had won when she closed her eyes and sighed. “Fine… as long as you stay here and meet her with me.”

Simon had not intended to remain in the room, as he did not wish to butt in on this opportunity of Athena and her mother to have a conversation as two adults, nor to prevent any potential tearful admissions due to a misguided sense of decorum in his presence. Yet, if she required him to stay in order to consent to the channeling, stay he would.

“Very well. Fey-dono, if you could…?”

Pearl nodded and got up, only to seat herself on her shins on the carpeted floor. Athena moved to take the spot on the couch next to Simon as the girl’s features began to shimmer and change.

A short while later, Metis Cykes opened her eyes.

“Athena…? Goodness, you have grown so much since I saw you last…”

Noticing that Simon had averted his eyes from the embodied spirit of her mother, Athena awkwardly raised a hand. “Hi, Mom… well, it’s been seven years since…”

Metis nodded her understanding. “Since I was murdered. There is no time where I am now, but I had an idea that it had been a while when I was called.”

She rose from the floor, giving her daughter a gentle smile. “It is so good to see you, Athena. You look so well, and so lively… I wish I could have seen you like this more when I was still alive…”

Her daughter could not help but smile back. “I’m a lawyer now, Mom… this place is where I work, the Wright Anything Agency.”

Metis’ voice betrayed her happy surprise. “A lawyer, at your young age? How wonderful. I am so proud of you!”

Athena then heard a small noise behind her and turned toward Simon, who was still resolutely looking away. He looked more than a little disturbed, and his heart was heavy with sadness.


He’s taking this much worse than I am.


Metis had now taken notice of him, as well. “Simon Blackquill, is that you?”

The channeled woman’s face fell when she beheld the way he had changed.

“Whatever have these last seven years done to you? You look more like a ghost than I do!”

Having been addressed directly, Simon turned his face toward Athena’s mother, his eyes hidden in the dark shadows cast by his fringe.

“It is of no consequence,” he responded quietly, but Athena could hear a sharp spike of pain in his heart.

Metis did not have the benefit of her daughter’s hearing, but she, too, seemed to know that he was lying.

“I was your mentor in analytical psychology; do not try to deceive me. You have clearly suffered for a long time, and your refusal to tell me indicates that your burden is in some way connected to me.”

Athena nodded sadly as her mother came over to the couch, moving over to let the channeled woman sit down between them. “Yeah, I’m afraid it is, Mom…”

Simon threw her a pointed glare. “Don’t. We are not here to talk about me.”

Metis ignored him, turning toward Athena. “Tell me, ohime-chan. I need to know.”

Her daughter started. Ohime-chan. “Little princess.” That had been her nickname as a child. That had been how Aura Blackquill’s sarcastic appellation had started, even though her mother’s voice had always sounded gentle when she had said it. Now she