Sam's face, because his little brother is sensing a breakthrough. And he gathers up all the spite and malice he has inside him, scraping it off his insides, out of the furthest, darkest corners of him, just like this vague memory he has of his mom using that funny little rubber thing spatula? to scrape the last of the cookie dough from the bowl. And with a deft flick of his wrist he hoiks that great big spite-and-malice dollop right between his brother's puppy dog eyes.

"You can fuck off."


Touchdown!







"Your brother's really upset," Hudak notes.

"And?" Dean grouches back morosely.

"He's doing his best."

"So he keeps telling me."

"Are you going to eat this?"

Dean leers at her. "If I can lick it off your stomach, yes."

"Jesus, what a prick."

"Yep. Like a baby's arm, Kathleen."

"It's vegetable soup, Dean. No meat." She sighs. "Come on, Dean, we can see you're starving."
He knows he is too, can see it in the bathroom mirror, in his pinched, white features and the shadows under his glassy eyes; can feel it in the way he shakes with hunger, the way the smell of food that drifts up from downstairs has his guts griping. The cuffs clink and the leather belt creaks as he fists his hands, running his thumb around the tips of his fingers again and again as his eyes track the steam that mists up from the bowl Hudak is holding.

"I know you're hungry, Dean."

She spoons out some of the soup, blows on it to cool it, savors it.

He grabs back the inch he let her have.

"You know nothing. I'm not hungry."

"Fuck, Dean."

He quirks an eyebrow, insolent. "You offering?" When she rolls her eyes he smirks. "You owe the cussbox a buck, Kathleen."

She considers him, stands, places the bowl of soup next to him on the nightstand where the warm aroma can wash over him.

"I'll just leave that there for you then."

Panic wells up. "Wait! Wait a minute… Kathleen, don't leave, the walls, they're—"

She rounds on him. "Why don't you man up and stop giving us a hard time, Dean? Stop giving your brother a hard time when he's trying to deal with this as best he can, when this is hitting him just as hard as it—"

"As hard as it's hitting me?" he yells, and he head spins with the effort of his rage. " As hard as Lee Bender hit me? As hard as he, as he—"

And suddenly he's choking, spluttering, coughing, and Hudak is there next to him with a hand on each side of his face. Her lips move but he can't hear her voice at first, and then as he calms down it's like the volume is turned up again and she's speaking steadily to him.

"Breathe. Calm down. Breathe, Dean. Deep breaths."

"My brother left me there," he spits, when he's able to draw breath. "For weeks, with that fuckin' monster, and Lee, he, he…"

"What? What did he do, Dean? You can tell me. Tell me so I can help you."

He opens his mouth to speak, to share, to confess, he really does. But then he sucks all of that potential back in, sucks the words back in, and stuffs them in a box, weighs it down with rocks, wraps chains around it, and sinks it full fathom fuckin' five in the watery depths of his memory. "Sam left me there," he mutters. "He left me."

"He didn't leave you, Dean," Hudak says softly. "He looked. We both looked."

But he has to push her away too, he has to, because he's filthy, shameful, the lowest of the low. "Yeah," he sneers. "About as hard as you looked for your fuckin' brother."

The crack of her hand hitting his face resounds inside his head for a second or two before the blinding pain hits, and his brain does a brisk little jig inside his skull. He spits blood, feels it trickle from the corner of his mouth, reflexively tries to raise his hand to wipe it away, hears the clink of metal as his hand is jerked back.

"Please…" he whispers, dazed. "Please let me loose… I need. I need help… I feel scared, help me, please, get Sam… I need. To talk to him, I need…"

He lifts his head, looks blearily up at her.

She's gone.

The room is empty except for him.

And the hands.






Sam sees Hudak stride past the doorway, tracks her down