applied a white and gold mask to Liam’s face.

"It’s nice." Liam commented.

"It’s made just for you."

"What do you mean?"

"It’s made especially to fit your face and your face only. If I try it on, it won’t stay. Only on you." Louis explained.

"I’m really going?" 

"Yes! Don’t complain. It took me a lot to come here."

"What am I going to go in?"

"Beats me.. Doesnt your father own like 3 carriages? They took the red, meh get another one."

Alright, I’ll go. But only to see what the prince looks like.”

"Yes yes no go darling. Work your outfit gurlfriend, rock it, do whatever with it. OH! AND DONT FORGET TO GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE BEFORE 12 BECAUSE MY MAGIC WILL GO AWAY!"

Louis wasnt sure if Liam heard that.

~*~*~*~

Liam entered the ball slowly, walking through the door, seeing everyone wearing these fancy masks with the most elegant designs and watching some people dance and others talking. He could already see a lot of people muttering about where or who the prince could be. 

He decided to keep his cost clear and simple and just walked over to the table full of treats and goodies, although he wasn’t very hungry, he picked up a cupcake and lightly licked the icing. 

Someone tapped his shoulder and he turned around slowly to be met with hazel-honey glazed eyes behind a black and gold mask. His hair in a quiff and a black tinted suits with a red tie. He giggled slightly.

"You have icing, right, right there." The man said.

Liam blushed, “Wh-Where..I.” Liam wiped the back of his hand on his chin.

"No, no. Here." The man used his thumb to light rub it just below Liam’s bottom lip and wipe off the frosting.

"T-Thank you." Liam blushed again.

"Would you like to dance?" The man asked out of nowhere, holding out his hand.

"Oh, oh no. I-I don’t know how."

"I’ll teach you, come on, please?" The man asked.

"Yeah, o-ok." Liam said placing his hand in the other man’s and putting the cupcake down.

The man led him to the middle of the dance floor just when a slow song came on. Liam looked around and watched as the other people got closer to the partner, there chests touching each other. He took in a deep breath and stepped close to the masked man.

"Good, now put your arms around my neck." The man said.

Liam looked at him through his own white mask and did as so while the mystery man put his own arms around Liam’s waist.

"And swing your hips real slow and that’s it." He said, a smile growing on his face when Liam stumbled to keep a steady movement. "So, come to the prince yeah?" He asked.

"Maybe to ju-just catch a glimpse of him.. Never seen him before." Liam said avoiding eye contact with the man.

"Yeah? Your not here to see if he’ll be willing to marry you?"

"No, of course not.. Even if I wanted to, he would never fall for someone like me."

"Why not? You seem like a really sweet guy, and you have an adorable nose. That’s what the Prince’s fetish is."

"Sweet guys?" Liam asked.

"No, noses." 

"Oh well, my nose isn’t cute. Broke it when I was 14. It’s ugly. Besides, the prince doesnt want me."

"You never know. Do you know anyone here?" He asked suspiciously. 

"My step brothers Harry and Niall are here. The prince will probably pick one of them."

"Why do you say that?"

"Harry’s got these wonderful curls and he’s got shiny emerald eyes. Niall’s got glowing skin and his accent is to die for." Liam sighed.

"And? Your hair is curly too, and your eyes are a beautiful shade of caramel. Your skin may not glow because your not pale, you’ve got perfect tan skin, and your accent is to die for as well."

Liam blushed a bright red, “Thank y-you. It’s nice to get a complement for once.” He sighed and looked up into the man’s eyes. It looked like he was.. Waiting? for something. “Oh! Oh, oh right. I mean, I didnt think-You should know your better looking than me. I didnt think I needed t-“

"No, you didnt. I just, the prince does think your beautiful."

"How would you know?" Liam asked.

"Because. I am, the prince." He said removing his mask.

Liam gasped.

"Please, let me take your