It was one of those days, where everything felt okay, where it didn't seem like the world was falling down around them at every turn they made. It was one of those days, where they could forget about pain, the fighting, and the fear of losing everything. It was one of those days, where the sun was warm, the city was quiet, and Bakugou was close. It was Kirishima's favorite kind of day.

Spring jumped on them early that year, the city rousing out of its winter slumber to greet the buds on the trees. Flowers peppered grassy fields, birds filled the silences with their songs, and children buzzed around on the streets. The world felt young again, simple.

The air still had a bite to it, but sitting under the sun it was warm. And that's exactly what Kirishima was doing. Laying back, arms crossed under his head, and eyes closed, he felt content with just relaxing. Or, at least he would, if the sound of tearing grass wasn't playing on repeat next to him.

The air wasn't the only thing that had a bite to it, it seemed. Bakugou was tense, sitting with his legs crossed and chin propped on his hand, glare fixed on the handfuls of grass he ripped out of the ground. He hadn't said much since Kirishima convinced him to spend the morning together at the park, and even the convincing part hadn't been received with much of a fight from Bakugou. Days like those, quiet and with no one calling on the heroes, while Kirishima found them refreshing, they put Bakugou on edge.

"You know, those wrinkles between your eyes are going to be terrible in a few years" Kirishima hummed in mock thought.

"What the fuck is that supposed to mean?"

"It means you're frowning, Bakugou" Bakugou's frown only deepened.

Kirishima sighed "look," he sat up facing Bakugou, resting his own chin on his hand to look at him "I know you're worried, but everything is okay. Maybe it won't be tomorrow, maybe not next week, maybe not in a few months. But right, now we're safe. We're okay." he picked a crumpled daisy out of the growing pile of grass between them and placed it in Bakugou's hand. "We're here. Let us have that, okay?" he picked out another daisy, laying it in Bakugou's other hand. They sizzled, but they didn't burn. Kirishima was satisfied with that.

He laid back onto the grass, grinning up at Bakugou "You know, white is a good color for you, it brings out your softer side" his laugh was muffled by a smoking daisy being smushed against his cheek "don't say stupid shit like that" Kirishima only laughed more. Bakugou returned his laugh with a grin of his own and a handful of crumpled grass and daisies being dumped onto him.

The city remained quiet, no screams for help, no sirens or breaking glass. The heroes didn't have to be heroes today. Kirishima could spend the day warm under the sun, Bakugou pressed against him, both of them covered in petals and grass, and the world around him wouldn't bat an eye.

Yeah, those were definitely Kirishima's favorite kinds of days.

 

 