a doctor, you should see a physician about this."

"Oh hell no!" Dean flailed to get Cas’ hand off his arm and tried backing away forcefully but stumbled, again. "I’m not letting a dude stick a finger up my ass. And I had to be fucking drunk to tell you this, I’m not telling anyone else, ever."

"I am honored that you chose to tell me." Yeah, Dean blushed at that so… okay. "But I am uncertain what you wanted me to do."

Dean sighed in a very loud and annoyed fashion. "Scan me with your mojo." Duh.

Cas nodded. "I can do that, of course, but I do not believe I can do anything if I encounter any problems. I am cut off from Heaven." He said the last part with emphasis and Dean thought he looked sad for a moment but one problem at a time, okay bud?

"‘S okay, Cas." Dean said in the most assuring manner he could conduct while drunk and freaking out. "Just check and tell me what’s fucking wrong with mini-Dean. I-I need him on my team."

Cas frowned in confusion but didn’t ask (thank God). He just stepped up to Dean and raised two fingers to the hunter’s forehead. "You might feel this." He warned and Dean nodded, prepared for the worst.

At first there was the usual tingle and warmth of Cas’ grace and Dean toyed with the idea that he could feel it better than anyone else because Cas had touched his soul. Yeah, Dean was special, take that dickwads. Then the graced focused and Dean felt it like a spear, travelling down his spine to pool in his lower back. And fuck, there was a definite stab to what he assumed could be his prostate but it so did not hurt.

"Y-yeah." He stammered and was confused when he sounded all breathless. "Definitely felt that."

Cas was frowning but in concentration now, the differences were subtle but they were there. Dean focused on Cas’ eyes instead of the burning sensation in his lower body. Cas looked like someone who was searching something they couldn’t see. Distant. Focused. Stab, stab, stab.

"Your prostate seems fine, Dean." The angel murmured and was his voice always so gravelly? "But I will check the lobes individually to be sure."

"Wh-what?" shit, was Dean getting hard? That would be awesome but not like this, calm the fuck down soldier.

Cas splayed his hand out to rest his palm against the side of Dean’s head and the heat in his body increased and yes, his dick was totally ignoring his orders and perking up fast than he could comprehend.

"Anterior lobe is intact."

"Cas."

"Posterior as well."

Fucking hell, Dean already felt himself leaking in his underwear. His legs felt unstable and he realized dizzily that he was gripping Cas’ lapels again.

"Lateral and median lobes are normal as well." Cas’ stern eyes met Dean’s lidded ones. "Are you sure you are having a problem?"

"Fuck." Dean hissed out when Cas’ grace kept prodding his prostate. His dick was goddamn jumping in his jeans now. "I can’t come, Cas."

Cas tilted his head to the side. "I assume you mean you are unable to achieve orgasm?" he nodded when Dean did. "Your prostate is not inflamed, I will check your ejaculatory ducts now."

"O-kay!" yeah, Dean totally squeaked there because fucking hell, Cas’ grace was forcing its way through Dean’s body the way spunk would and he fucking felt as if he was going to come. "Fuck." He growled and reach down to squeeze himself. Yup, impending orgasm right there with Cas right in front of him and the angel’s grace inside of him.

"Stand still." Cas reprimanded and Dean did not need that right now. Did not need a grace-induced prostate exam while at the same time having his dom-kink indulged.

"I-I can’t." He huffed out but Cas didn’t seem to notice.

"Your ducts are beautiful, Dean." The angel remarked in his usually neutral tone and fuck, why was that hot? "Perhaps there is something wrong with your testosterone levels?" he met Dean’s desperate eyes but the look Dean gave apparently flew right over the angel’s head. "I will check your testes as well."

"N-no, you know what?" but Dean didn’t get any further before he felt Cas’ warm grace wrapping around his tight balls. Dean gasped and fisted Cas’ coat. "Jesus Christ."

"Don’t blaspheme." Cas chided almost absentmindedly and Dean flung his head back, so fucking ready to just rut against the angel until he came. Cas kept his hand on Dean’s face. "Both of your testis seem fine, Dean." Cas frowned slightly. "If a little full, you