hand.

 

Pidge rolled their eyes. ”Not anymore.”

 

Lance placed a hand dramatically over his heart, stumbling slightly for show. ”I’m wounded,” he said. ”Pidge? How could you?”

 

They turned to look at me. ”How do you put up with him?”

 

I looked Lance up and down, a little too long than necassary, before turning back to Pidge with a shrug. ”It’s a mystery”, I said.

 

”Hey!” Lance stared at me with a small smile. ”I hate you”, he said.

 

”Well”, I began. ”I hate you, too.”

 

”Naw!” said Hunk.

 

”Get a room”, said Pidge.

 

Lance and I grinned at each other before sitting down by the other side of the fire.

 

I sighed internally. As long as I don’t overthink anything, this is going to go great. All I have to do is be myself. At least to some degree.

 

”Are you okay?” Lance whispered, squeezing my hand.

 

”I’m fine”, I replied, a little too quickly, smiling, and when my gaze met his did I know that he knew that I lied. He didn’t comment though, instead he squeezed my hand tighter before chatting away with Hunk and Pidge with a grin and wild gestures.

 

In that moment I had thought–or maybe hoped–that the subject was dropped.

 

Little did I know then that all it took was the drive back to my house, an awkward silence in which Lance expected me to invite him in but instead we just stood there and he had to ask me if I wanted him to come in with me, and, lastly, us alone in my bedroom, having our usual make-out session which made me think I now know what it feels like to make-out with someone if you’re a corpse.

 

Needless to say, it was awful.

 

I don’t blame him, either. It was like routine for us, it wasn’t his fault my head just wasn’t present. My head was up in the clouds, full of thoughts and feelings I wanted to push for another day. I just wanted to be there with him, he deserved that much. He deserved to be kissed back.

 

My problem was that looking at him and seeing the love and adoration in his eyes as he stares at me and when he mutters ”you’re beautiful” or something in between kisses, it just…

 

He’s looking at Kat, the girl. His girlfriend. And he loves her, but I’m not Kat. I’m not even a girl. And I feel like I’m lying to him and I love him. I don’t want to hurt him. I don’t want to break his heart, he’s had enough of that in the past. I want to make him happy, and Kat makes him happy.

 

Maybe I can pretend just a little longer? Give him what he wants and needs.

 

Just as I started pressing back against him, my hands moving up against his back, did he pull away with a sigh. ”Like I can see you, I can feel you but you’re not like here, y’know”, Lance started, pulling back further, looking at me with a frown. ”So what is it?”

 

I stared back at him, eyebrows raising. ”I’m fine”, I said and tried to smile but I knew it must’ve come across as unsure or something judging by his response.

 

Lance groaned. ”What is it, Kat?” he asked.

 

I was silent, staring at him.

 

This was my chance, and I knew it. I could tell him, the words could slip out of my tongue if I only let them. One second from now and he could know the truth. I could tell him.

 

Instead, I was silent. Staring at him, watching how every second of silence he grew more and more apprehensive.

 

Lance sighed, scratching the back of his neck, his eyes closed and I could barely hear the words slipping out of his mouth. ”If it’s something I did. Just say tell me.”

 

In that moment I hated myself more than I thought possible. In that moment I wanted to punch myself. To scream at myself for how I’ve been acting. For what I’ve been doing, telling myself it’s for his best. But instead, I said nothing, and then I did nothing. I was acting strange without me knowing that I did.

 

”You’ve been acting hella weird lately and I’ve tried giving you space and all, but you just…” He groaned. ”What is it you want from me?” It sounded like something between a sigh, a groan and a whisper. He said it once more, this time time loud and clear, almost like a hiss while staring straight at me. As if his patience was wearing thin. ”What do you want from me, Kat?”

 

”