's room as well, Togami-kun?" said Kirigiri. Togami nodded, and pulled out his organizer, re-reading it quickly.

"Victim, Makoto Naegi. Cause of death, loss of blood via multiple stab wounds. Time of death, late night or early morning. Victim, Sayaka Maizono. Cause of death, a fractured skull and destruction of her brain. Time of death, early morning, very shortly after Makoto Naegi. Both victims were killed in Makoto Naegi's private room," he said, quickly reading off the information.

"Monobear File #1" was added to your notes.

Kirigiri nodded. "I find it somewhat interesting that Monobear provided us with so much information about the time, place, and cause, but almost nothing about the murder weapon. I'd guess that the idea was to conceal it from us, to hide some kind of vital evidence."

She stopped talking as they approached Naegi's door. Walking through the still-open doorway, the two of them quickly moved towards the crime scene. Fukawa stayed outside, due to an aversion to blood; as soon as she looked through the door and saw the small amount of blood that could be seen through the doorway, she staggered and fell against the wall.

The scene was still just as odd as it was the last time she was here. For Maizono to collapse in such an odd position in Naegi's lap, she would have had to be practically crawling over him - an unusual thing to do when a murderer was in the room. Additionally, rather than the back and front of her head being smashed in, as would be expected if she had been checking for breath or a pulse on Naegi's body while facing him, the side of her head had been broken, likely meaning that she was looking away from him.

"Maizono's Positioning" was added to your notes.

Togami called her towards the bed, and she moves there quickly. There were stains of blood across the sheets - too much for a blood nose or a period leak. There was no evidence of a weapon around the sheets, so it was possible that the initial attack had been committed while the two of them were sleeping, and the attacker had finished Naegi off when he had collapsed against the wall his corpse was now laying against.

Looking near his corpse, Kirigiri found a knife close to his foot; although it looked as thought it could have been the weapon used to murder Naegi, as blood was covering its blade, the hilt of the knife was spotless.

"Bloody Knife" was added to your notes.

There was a sudden shout from outside, and Kirigiri quickly moved there, leaving Togami to investigate a little more.

"Look at the door... I think there's something off about the door... But I know what you're thinking, what do I know, I'm a book girl, not a door girl," muttered Fukawa, her helpful tip quickly turning into a statement of self-hatred.

Inspecting the door again, Kirigiri noticed something that she should have noticed the first time: although it had been fairly well replaced, the door handle had been removed at some point in the past - undoubtedly the recent past, seeing as all the rooms had been in perfect shape on their arrival. She pulled it out. It was broken at the base, as though some huge force had struck it.

"An immense amount of strength and the right tool would be needed to smash a doorknob like this," said Togami, confirming her thoughts as he walked back outside. "I think that the only tool you could use to smash something like that would be a hammer, or a small axe. Of course, that doesn't really help, because every student received a tool kit with a hammer enclosed from Monobear anyway."

"Togami's Testimony" was added to your notes."Broken Lock" was added to your notes.

Kirigiri eyed him for a moment, as she considered telling him that the girls had been given sewing kits rather than hammers; eventually she just turned back to the body. Keeping her cards close to her chest was something she was quite good at, and the information on the sewing kits could come in handy if there was ever another murder.

Turning back to Naegi's body, she posed a question to him. "How do you think that Maizono ended up laying across Naegi like this?"

He considered it for a moment. "I'd never really thought about it. Perhaps, they had been huddling together? No, then she would be holding him as she fell..." He trailed off as he considered the possibilities.

"My thoughts at the moment are based around the idea that Naegi was killed first, and that this caused some kind of reaction in Maizono. We can see that Maizono was kneeling over Naegi's body at the time of her death, and likely at the time of her own death; there are very few reasons this could happen. My guess is that Naegi was killed by some outside force, and then the assailant killed her as