of not having to think. About his life. About his past. About the mistakes that continue to plague him at the corners of his consciousness. About the latest letter that's arrived by owl from his mother: Lucius died in his sleep. She writes him this missive but they both know the truth; Lucius Malfoy had died a long, long time ago.

He's just finished his fifth drink tonight. Draco morosely studies the bottom of his mug. Maybe it has something to offer him, but no, it is discouragingly empty and the last dregs mock him incessantly instead. He signals to the quiet bartender and asks for another.

The broad-shouldered young wizard takes one look at him, considers the glassy look in his eyes and slurs of his words and shakes his head.

Draco's eyes darken and his jaw clenches. Perhaps it's the alcohol clouding his mind, but he foolishly pulls his wand out and--

A fist closes around his wrist, the grip hard and painful enough to leave reddening marks on his pale flesh.

“You stupid, hare-brained boy,” a familiar voice sneers. “Surely you've lost your wits if you think you can get away with hexing someone, given your position in the Wizarding World.”

Draco looks up, mind swimming with liquor. Recognition flashes through his eyes before the booze decides to finally take over and he passes out. 

 

~*~

 

When he wakes the next morning, a drum playing a merry tune along the front of his skull. A rhythm-less, offkey tune. Rolling over, Draco shrinks from the bright glare of morning sweeping in through the window. He licks his dry lips and then runs his tongue over the roof of his mouth; it tastes like sawdust.

Biting back a groan, he brings a hand over his face and wipes his eyes. His memory leads him on a merry chase and the events from the night before come back to him in a hazy rush.

Jackknifing, Draco's eyes widen. The sudden movement has him groaning. This, he decides dimly, is what regret must feel like. A relentless, pounding staccato in his head.

The pain doesn't dissuade his thoughts though. Draco is absolutely certain he saw Professor Snape last night. Black, piercing eyes, pale skin and black, lanky hair, the man is distinctly memorable. And in Draco's eyes, regardless of what happened all those years ago, regardless of where they are in life now, the man will always remain his professor.

Gingerly rising from his bed, Draco is careful not to jostle his head. He meanders to the kitchen and makes himself a cup of tea. It probably won't help his hangover, but it wouldn't hurt. As he adds a touch of cream to his drink, he realizes how disparagingly empty is his fridge. Carrying the hot mug to the small, little living room, he's about to take a sip when he stops dead in the doorway.

What little colour his face has is lost completely at the sight of the apparition sitting in his ratty, old armchair. The mug falls from nerveless fingers, plummeting to the floor and shattering upon impact. An expletive explodes from his lips when the scalding liquid splashes his feet.

Snape, of flesh and bone, is perched on his chair. He raises an eyebrow, eyeing the mess on the floor.

Draco opens his mouth, finds himself unable to think of anything to say and snaps his mouth shut. It takes a few moments for the gears in his brain to start turning.

“You...you're dead,” he finally blurts.

“I beg to differ,” Snape dryly replies. “Seeing as I am sitting here, in this dismal, cold little flat of yours.”

Draco straightens his posture, spine stiffening with something he hasn't felt in a long time, something that if he were to examine a little more closely, he might qualify as anger or rage. “Yes, well, no one is holding you here against your will. If you're here to insult me, don't bother.”

“Perhaps,” comes the voice, silky as Draco remembers, and just as deadly in its wit and barbed reply, “I wouldn't have to be here if you weren't trying to do yourself in.”

“I am doing no such thing. Don't tell me the Vow is still in effect? You fulfilled that duty years ago.”

Somehow, two minutes with Snape has Draco reverting back to his former self. Filled with fury and an underlying wisp of fear, he feels sixteen again.

“I see you still just an irrational, little boy.”

Clenching a fist, Draco's eyes fall to the floor, zeroing in on the broken ceramic shards strewn about his feet.

“Why are you here?” the blond finally asks through gritted teeth.

There is a long pause.

Draco resists the urge to fidget, biting down hard on the inside of his cheek instead.

“Despite...what you may think,” Snape says slowly, “I am not always a cruel man