, with your fucking eyes. How can x be 5 while when plugged in it gives you an impossible number. Go back to your work and check it again.”

“Uggh… Be nicer to me. Aren’t I the love of your life?” Eijirou groaned.

Katsuki scowled. “No love of my life is going to fail algebra. Now go back and check your shitty work.”

“But, I’ve already-” Eijirou paused moaning as he found the answer to his problem, “Oh. I guess I forgot to move the negative sign down after I subtracted. Whoops.”

“Yes ‘whoops’. Now go back and try it again. As long as you don’t make another stupid mistake you should get the right answer this time.”

Eijirou quickly began scribbling before smiling when he threw down the pencil. “And bang! Right answer! X equals 2! I’m done!”

Katsuki sighed. “Finally.”

“I’m going to ace this test tomorrow! Thanks for the help!”

“It was like pulling teeth, but whatever,” Katsuki walked away and sat on his bed. Eijirou pushed his own chair back and flopped down next to him.

“You know with all the crazy things we end up having to do, it’s really easy to forget UA is still a high school and we still have tests and classes not related to being a hero,” mused Eijirou, turning around to face Katsuki, "If only it wasn't so damn complicated."

Katsuki huffed and looked in the corner of his eye. "Well, that's why I'm here, right? To make sure you move up with the rest of us."

"Yeah," said Eijirou, "There's just so much studying on top of hero training and its not like they go easy on us and-ugh."

“It weeds out the weak. If a fucker wants to become a hero, they need to study or else what kind of hero would they be? A dumb as shit one.”

Eijirou laughed, sitting up. “I know. But I still wish we didn’t have to learn all this stuff. I mean, when are we going to know how to solve for x or the first hero to have fire based power off the top of our heads on the job.”

Katsuki smirked. “Based on what I just saw, you should be glad you don’t need algebra to punch villains.”

“If only punching the math could solve the problem.”

Katsuki laughed.

Eijirou gazed at Katsuki, amazed that he was able to land a boyfriend like him. They had only been dating for about a week, but friends for months before they asked each other out. Blushing, he moved his arm closer on the bed and asked Katsuki a question:

“Can I?” Eijirou leaned forward almost certain of the answer, “Kiss you?”

Katsuki tensed up, his face twisting up as if to say ‘I’m sorry’. “No.” Katsuki said forcefully, jerking back a tad.

Eijirou immediately stopped and leaned back allowing Katsuki to return to his previous position. Katsuki stared at the corner of his room, pointedly avoiding his boyfriend’s face. Always wanting everyone to feel comfortable, Eijirou began rattling off questions.

“Oh! Um, are you not comfortable with me being this close? Are we moving too fast? Are you having second thoughts about us? Is it something I did? Or does my breath stink from dinner?” Eijirou blew into his hand and sniffed. Minty.

Eijirou opened his mouth with another “or” but Katsuki cut him off. Looking straight at him, Katsuki spoke.

“You didn’t do anything, stupid. All that hairspray must be killing brain cells if you think you’ve been anything then be a near perfect boyfriend.”

“Only near?!” said Eijirou in mock shock. Katsuki hushed him and continued.

“Shut up. There’s always room for improvement, but the whole kissing problem is on me. I just never really wanted to kiss other people and to be honest, it looks pretty gross from my point of view,” Katsuki scrunched up his face, “I mean when you break it down, all kissing is is swapping spit and maybe a tongue fight or two. And if I wanted your spit, all I would have to do is sit across from you at dinner.”

A light blushed dashed across Eijirou’s face as he covered his mouth.

Katsuki relaxed and flicked his eyes to the side. “This doesn’t mean I won’t ever kiss you, but I’m not at a point where I feel like I wouldn’t mind trying to kiss you. At least on the lips anyways. Same with anything past kissing. Maybe one day, but don’t hold your breath.”

Eijirou smiled. “Well, okay then. I’ll still love you, even if you don’t want to kiss. I fell in love with you before we were kissing, you know.” Katsuki blinked as his face turned red.

“So what do you