m sorry to see you go, Luke,” Detective Christie had told Luke on his final day at the office. “You’ve been such an enthusiastic student.”

“Fear not, someday you will find fame whilst riding on my coattails, mentor of the great Luke Atmey!”

Detective Christie chuckled. “Well, good luck out there, Detective Atmey.”

If Luke had been a young boy, perhaps he would have burst with happiness at being called “Detective Atmey”. However, as a fully grown man, he just breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, to be called by my correct title!

Luke had started out with a vacant building not far from his childhood home. It was cheap, and he found that his local reputation would carry him far. Growing up in a well-to-do neighborhood, there were plenty of high-society aristocrats with too much time on their hands clamoring to have their mundane mysteries solved. An old woman who used to babysit Luke asked him to find the kidnapper of her missing cat. In the end, the cat had just hidden away to have her kittens. Some scruffy fifteen-year-olds asked Luke to find out if Sheila Hemings had any interest in dating them (after a few minutes of morally dubious investigation, Luke could safely presume that no, Sheila Hemings wouldn't so much as bat an eye at them).

Luke's mother, trying to be nice, paid Luke for doing the silliest things: helping locate thimbles, finding out why Luke's father was going to bed earlier lately, even solving the mystery of working the brand-new blender. Being the Ace Detective that he was, Luke could easily deduce the true reason behind Laura Atmey's constant demand for cases: she was lonely and missed him.

Luke lived like this for a few months, building up a name for himself, albeit slowly. He wanted more than anything to get bigger and better cases, but to no avail. However, he knew patience was of the utmost importance. There was a certain order to things, and he would play the game until he could become a household name.

It was when he was able to start advertising that the budding Atmey Detective Agency took off. Soon, he was able to secure clients other than old neighbors, and people from all over London occasionally came to see if the dashing young man from the flyers in magazines really could solve any cases that came his way.

Luke solved a kidnapping case, a real one as opposed to a silly little kitten. A teenage girl, not older than fifteen at the most, had been stolen away by some dastardly criminals. They weren't the brightest bunch, and their trail was fairly easy to follow.

"So... if the address circled in this sleazy pornography magazine is to be trusted, then... Zvarri! These kidnapping criminals have taken her there!"

For this, Luke managed to get a small newspaper column. Young Detective Foils Sex Offenders' Kidnapping, the title read, and Luke proudly hung it on his wall on a bulletin board. This showed he was capable, and so business started pouring in (well, relatively, anyway). Luke was inching his way to achieving his lifelong dream, and he adored it.


A Parisian suburb, 2005


"Desirée! Slow down!" cried Jerome Duplaisir, trying to chase down Desirée as she sped down the street on her bicycle.

Desirée rolled her eyes. She was ten years old, and all of her friends were able to go out and play on the streets without adult supervision (within reason, of course). But her father was especially over-protective of her, and it drove her nuts.

"Papa, I'm fine! See?" Desirée made an especially sharp turn around the cul-de-sac, feeling her side just barely miss the pavement. "I do this all the time!"

"You're not wearing a helmet!" Jerome insisted.

Desirée scoffed. "Cool people don't need helmets."

Jerome scowled. "Desirée Joceline Duplaisir, get back here and put on a helmet this instant, or your outdoor privileges are gone for the week!"

Desirée sighed and slammed on the breaks. Ruining her tough-girl persona was worth it for being able to stay outside, she reasoned.

"Papa, can I go over to Alexis's house tomorrow?" Desirée asked, as she dug through the garage trying to find her shiny red bike helmet. She blew off the dust before putting it on her head.

Jerome shook his head. "I haven't met Alexis's parents yet. I can't trust them. Here, let me buckle your helmet for you. I wouldn't want you getting your neck pinched."

Desirée shook her head. "You never let me do anything fun. It's not fair." She sprinted off back out onto the street, not bothering to look both ways before crossing.

Before she left, she heard Jerome mutter a prayer under his breath. "Please, Lord, keep Desirée safe and guide her to make better choices." Desirée couldn't help but