this much of the truth–I’ll not lie to you.” Another breath. “I cannot stay here, and you cannot leave. I do love you, but I cannot marry you.” She held up her hand between him to stop him from speaking. “I am so, so sorry. But I cannot give up so much so fast. I’ll not ask you to wait, for I will not make you promises.” She felt her voice give. “I’m sorry, but I can’t.”

“Minnie… what–”

“I won’t!” She snapped, and he flinched away.

She walked away around the corner of the house, leaving him behind. As soon as she was out of sight, she shifted into her cat form and bolted, letting her four legs and nose carry her to her family’s house. She had to leave.

Mia was waiting for her at the house, and she jumped into her arms. Her face buried in her friend’s elbow, she felt Mia’s hand softly scratch her ears and rub the crown of her head. “Shhhh, shh. I’ve packed your things like you asked, would you like to go now?” Minerva leapt down and shifted back. Her eyes were red and puffy and her cheeks splotched, but her face was set.

“Yes. Yes, I’m ready.” She placed a letter on the kitchen table, grasped her luggage, and the two women apparated to London.

Minerva reported to Urquart’s office on Monday morning at eight o’clock. She had been told the office dress code was “witch hunter casual”, so she appeared in her least restrictive robes and her most intimidating boots. The glistening new badge on her robes felt very official and did very little to offset the pit in her stomach. Her heartbreak was her own making, but she couldn’t force it to dissipate. She did her best to shove the hollowness aside and smile as she placed her hand on the handle and pushed. When the door opened and she saw Urquart and several other wizards lounging about in the office.

“Hallo! She’s here.” Urquart stood to introduce her. “This here’s Minerva as I’m sure you all know by now. You’ve already met Trix and Bolts, of course, and also meet Bones, Nails, and Corbie. We don’t often go by full names here for many reasons, so you’ll need a nickname eventually.”

Bones was a round man in his 50’s with red cheeks and a rather out of fashion cap, which he raised cordially. Nails was a young woman only a few years older than Minerva who was clad in flowing black robes, and Corbie was a serious-faced man who acknowledged her with a handshake and a firm clap on her shoulder. The brief awkward silence after introductions was broken by Trix lighting a cigar.

“Glad to have you here, girl. Let’s do a tour.” Trix took her in a whirlwind around the offices. There was a room for brewing potions and one filled with clothing and yet another with display cases full of contraptions ranging from the size of her thumbnail to a textbook. “We’ll spend Tuesday with these. Bones can show you what’s what.” The last place they showed her was a room full of bunks, not unlike her dormitory at Hogwarts.

“This here’s a good place to stay while you’re in town if you don’t want to bother your family or friends, or if you need to stay overnight. It’s linked to a safehouse in Dublin, so you can always nip outside for a good drink.” Indeed, when she peered out the window, Minerva could see the dome of Trinity College’s bell tower to the east.

It was a colder January than expected. Minerva had spent the holidays undercover, keeping an eye on a woman who was in hiding. The woman was extraordinarily fond of cats, and Minerva found herself growing a little attached. She’d even taken an old box and put a carpet over it so the animagus had shelter, and had begun regularly leaving a dish of canned fish on the back porch.

Minerva’s work with the Witch Watchers was rarely exciting, but it gave her endurance and a chance to work with people far more skilled than herself. Some of the more intense undercover work had been a welcome distraction. When she’d received a letter from Rabbie in October recounting Dougal’s wedding, she had managed to lose herself in a particularly complex series of protective sleeper animation spells on a Ministry official’s garden statues. Perhaps they would be a bit more bloodthirsty than needed when summoned, but they’d do the job.

The woman she was Watching was declared out of danger when the muggles had their memories removed by Bones and Nails, and Minerva received permission to return to the Witch Watchers Office. It was past midnight when she arrived, so she changed into a long flannel nightgown and poured a whiskey. The fire was blazing and