he took another small gulp of the wine before pulling the glass away and holding it back out to Levi, slowly opening his eyes to look up at the other male.

Levi met his gaze again as he took the glass before setting it to the side. Eren tried to read his expression, but as always, it was hard to decipher. His eyes, on the other hand; Eren knew by that heated gaze he was being fixed with that Levi wanted this just as much as he did.

Levi didn’t move, so Eren deiced to be a little more daring as he smiled sweetly, lifting his hands, fingernails painted a bright red, and placed them on Levi’s hips to run them slowly up Levi’s white button-up business shirt; he had been at work today after all, and he had just gotten home. Eren wasn’t even going to give him a chance to change tonight.

“You look so hot in your work clothes,” Eren murmured; grabbing the tie Levi was wearing before tugging lightly on it with a small smirk. “But I think you would look hotter with them off.” He immediately facepalmed himself inwardly; what a cheesy fucking thing to say.

However, Levi smirked and leaned forward, his hands finding Eren’s knees to pull his legs apart; Eren blushed, but he didn’t look away as Levi came between them, and Eren felt soft fingertips trace his jaw line. He shuddered as Levi’s touch burned hot, and he closed his eyes and tilted his head to the side as Levi teasingly dragged his fingertips slowly down Eren’s neck, tracing his pulse.

“Patience, brat. I want time to savor my present before I unwrap it,” Levi purred, and Eren took a sharp breath, feeling blood shoot straight to his groin from just those words. Fuck. Oh fuck, Eren wanted him bad. So bad it almost hurt, but thank god for the soft satin and lace panties that were actually comfortable, even when he had a raging boner. It didn’t help though, that with every little movement, the soft satin created such a delicious friction down there with the more aroused he got.

“But I want you now,” Eren murmured, his hands finding their way to Levi’s belt, tugging teasingly at the leather before he slowly began to unbuckle it, his eyes slowly opening again to look up at Levi, who was now cupping the base of Eren’s neck with a warm hand.

Levi let out a soft sound, his lips parting slightly as he regarded Eren with a heated gaze. Eren liked that look, and he bit his bottom lip to hide a soft smirk as he pulled on the unbuckled belt, drawing it free of the loops of Levi’s slacks before tossing it to the side somewhere. Levi was staring at him, and as he stared, a thought came to Eren’s mind.

“Levi,” Eren said, his eyes half-lidded and molten emerald and his lips curled up into a sultry little smile. “If you take a picture, it’ll last longer.”

----------

God damn this kid, it was one thing after another. At the suggestion of a photograph, Levi had to keep himself from groaning out loud. Eren was fixing him with the gaze of a person who knew exactly what he was up to, but Levi couldn’t find it in himself to complain.

Actually, that wasn’t a bad idea though, and Levi had to smirk slightly before straightening the hat on Eren’s head. “Get my phone out of my pocket then.”

Eren complied easily, patting over Levi’s pockets before wriggling his fingers into one and pulling the cell phone out. Levi took it before reluctantly stepping back, opening the camera.

“Lay down.”

Eren only hesitated a second before he scooted back on the bed, kicking the heels off to the floor before carefully lying on his side. He posed there, his fist against his cheek and his other arm lax just in front of him, with one leg seductively over the other, as if hooking it over someone’s hip.

The older man wished it was his hip. Levi’s eyes followed the nylon-covered foot as Eren slowly dragged it over his stockinged leg, then Eren’s snicker brought his eyes back to his face.

“Think of all the fun I’ve missed~” Eren’s lips formed the words to the classic, barely moving, but his singing voice was as pretty as always.

Levi lifted his phone with a grimace. He hated that song and Eren knew it; actually, he hated every Christmas song, but Eren sang them around him all the time. In a lot of ways, his voice made it better; he hit all of the notes perfectly, making Levi a little weak at the knees.

“Think of all the guys that I haven’t kissed~” he crooned; Levi could tell by his voice that he was trying not to chuckle as Levi quickly took a picture of his lover sprawled out on his bed.

“If