t what I was expecting, to be honest. Please tell me you didn’t bring me here for exercise?” you laughed, a little nervous. 

“I assure you that I did not.” His tone intimated a smile and you relaxed. “Genji and I have a space set up here that I think you would enjoy.” Before leading you to the space, he unfolded his crossed legs and set them gently to the floor. You followed the soft tap of his wooden sandals against the tiles to an unremarkable door, and entered as Zenyatta held it open. 

The room was lit by soft light from pillar candles and positively covered in cushions and pillows in shades of blue and purple. The faint smell of incense drifted to you and you exhaled, letting a little tension out of your shoulders that you hadn’t realized was there. “Oh, it’s so nice in here. How did I not know about it?”

“I’m glad you like it.” A metal hand brushed your shoulder as Zenyatta moved around you, and the light touch burned through your shirt to have a disproportionate effect on your heartbeat. Zenyatta pulled a blue cushion out of a stack and folded deliberately onto it, gesturing for you to do the same. You chose the biggest, fluffiest pillow you could see and flopped into a seated position. 

“I would guess,” he began quietly, “that you didn’t know about this place because you’ve dedicated yourself so thoroughly to your work for the past week.” 

“A week?” Oh god it had been a week, you’d hardly noticed. “Oh, I’m not nearly as far along as I wanted to be in a week…”

“That’s what I’m referring to.” His voice was almost sharp, and you winced. “Forgive me for saying this, but you have not been taking care of yourself. You look tired every day, and you work long into the night. This is not sustainable,” he finished, his tone growing softer as he continued.  

Guilt crept through you and you looked down to start fidgeting with a seam on the pillow. “I’m just… so scared that I’ll mess this up,” you mumbled, struggling to find the words as your shoulders slumped. “I’ll be more useful to everyone once I can actually get to fixing things, so I’m just trying to be through all of the texts as fast as I can.”

“Winston and the others would not want you to succeed at the cost of your health and wellbeing.” As he spoke, Zenyatta pulled his cushion to a place beside yours, sat, and placed a comforting hand on your shoulder. “I am not sure whether you’ve noticed, but people are worrying about you. Myself included, but I assume you noticed that.” With a small flick of his hand, Zenyatta pulled an orb out of its orbit and extended it to you. As you took it, it began to glow golden and become warm in your palms.

“I haven’t noticed it,” you admitted, turning the ball over in your hands. “I didn’t think people would worry about someone who’s almost a stranger.” 

“They worry regardless. There are many here who would like to be your friend, but you haven’t been making it easy for them.” He was definitely teasing you now, and you smiled sheepishly. The orb of harmony shone more dimly than usual, just a muted glow like that of the candles around you. Instead of the encompassing peaceful feeling you were used to, it just felt like you had your hands submerged in warm water. You remembered something.

“Jack mentioned,” you began hesitantly, “that you can use this to heal physical things. Wounds. If it’s so powerful, why are you keeping it on me so often?” 

Zenyatta tilted his head in acknowledgement and was silent for a long moment. Finally he responded, “I have the ability to sense the inner struggles of others. I’m grateful for the skill, as it means I can often help others find balance. I would liken sensing it to feeling vibrations in the air; in most, it is unnoticeable unless I choose to focus on it.” The orbs around his neck blossomed outward, then fell back in around his neck, spinning gently. Almost like he had taken a deep breath, you thought absently. “The disquiet inside of you, in the other hand, is exceptionally loud.”

At that, the guilt grew stronger and you could feel your cheeks getting hot with embarrassment. “So, it just projects across the entire Watchpoint?” you asked, a little horrified. “Having to deal with my emotional bullshit like that all day must be so annoying. I’m really sorry.”

“Your emotions and struggles are not insignificant or annoying,” Zenyatta chided you gently, folding his hands across his lap and regarding you. “In truth, I am not sure what it means, as it has never happened before.”

“I’m sorry,” you blurted on reflex