the green spandex.
Lee stops at the hips before pulling Gaaras hands away and breaking their kiss. The pair breathe heavily against each others lips, stocking back up on air for more. Lee decides it's a good time to stop standing and to move, but he's also kind of scared to pick the Kazekage up. So instead, he attacks Gaaras jawline with small kisses and gentle nips while he pushes the younger back in the direction of the bed. He's victorious, and in no time at all has Gaara laying comfortably on his back. Lee plants himself between Gaaras legs and posts his arms beside his partners head.
Gaara can't stop himself from just staring at Lees body. It's so chiseled and vascular and hot.
He wants to touch as much of it as possible.
Gaara posts his forearms against Lees chest and wiggles slightly, making it very obvious that he doesn't want to be in that position. Lee quickly rolls them over so he doesn't cause problems, and the smaller teen straddles his hips confidently before sitting down, and planting all the little amount of weight he has.
Lee shuts his eyes and breathes out a heavy moan, naturally pushing his hips up for more. Gaara presses his dainty hands against the sculpted abs below him, he runs the very tips of his fingers along all the lines and crevices, he has Lee shivering. He leans back down and covers the olders lips with his own, molding them together as he continues to feel around.
Lee firmly holds Gaaras hips down for his own personal enjoyment. He grinds up against Gaara, the sounds of their muffled moans dance together and echo around the room. The Kages nails drag down the Konoha-nins stomach, his chest stutters and his lips feel numb. Gaara bites and pulls back on the olders lip, quickly grabbing Lees attention from his hips back to his face.
When Lee sees the hunger, the lust, the want in Gaaras eyes a part of him loses it; That single look is one of the most exhilarating things Lees ever experienced. He groans and sits up, gripping into Gaaras hips and he knows damn well there will be marks later. Lees hands travel up to the bottom of Gaaras shirt, and as if it was some sort of abomination he removes it as quickly as he possibly can.

"Lee," Gaara breathes beside the others head, "I don't want you to have to think anymore," He holds onto Lees shoulders tightly, "I just want you to go."
Gaara makes this very obvious, and although he knows Lee will never be able to completely submit to that, he will be just that bit more reckless.
Lee bites Gaaras collarbone and instantly rolls them back over; He lifts Gaaras legs over his hips and licks up the side of his long neck, stopping at Gaaras ear and sucking. With the permission, he's carnivorious, a true beast. And it's so good.
Gaara whines and turns his head, pushing it back against the pillow and instinctively lifting his hips to connect with Lees.
The older teen grunts and rolls against Gaara needily, gluttonous for friction and pleasure. Gaara tries to keep his lips sealed as he moans, it's only nature for him to keep quiet. He quickly becomes impatient and starts pushing the rest of Lees suit down from his hips with only his feet, surprisingly good at doing so, while Lee travels south again for a more sensitive area. Lee kisses gently down the center of Gaaras chest, stops at two small little pink nubs. Without warning Lee takes one of them into his mouth and sucks; Receiving a very choked moan from Gaara, who pushes his hips down against Lees and can really feel the pressure. The only thing he can think of is, "More."
Gaara moans breathlessly, unable to keep quiet. Lee bites the hardened nub and pulls, allowing his hands to travel down Gaaras sides that are too-thin, and stops at the waistline. Another restricted moan, and he's obsessed; Burns Gaaras sounds into his head because they're so god damn delicious.
Lee slides his fingers under the waistline, along with the underwear beneath, and pulls Gaaras pants down past his knees and easily slides them off from there.
The Kage groans at the sudden nakedness of it all, feeling the air hit him and NOT feeling anything on him at all except Lee. He visibly tenses.
Lee sits up a little taller on his knees, taking in the view that he has while he can; Gaara has the back of his hand lifted up to his lips, the other is gripping the emerald colored sheets. His back is straightened out and arched, ribs stark and poking out, stomach flat and slightly caved in. Narrow hips and little-to-no body hair, and, well, he's hard as Hell.
The older teen can't help himself but to reach down and just grasp for the pure reaction of it. Dear lord does he get one.
Gaara can't physically hold back, his head pushes into the pillow and he moans so loud and