appeared distressed. My lusus, when I was younger she would clean my hair when I was distraught.” The meteor’s lights are dim at best, and Kanaya’s glow is suddenly the brightest thing in the room. “I hope I was not making some impasse on your human culture.”

One of Kanaya’s fangs worries at her lip. Her thumb rubs against the side of her palm. Rose glances up and for a moment catches her eyes against Kanaya’s, bright as her skin and yellow as topaz, the slit pupils looking back. All of the words Rose could say get stuck. She forces her eyes up a little more to the troll’s hairline. 

“It’s fine,” she says, knowing she has delayed too long. The conversation hangs between them. Better to end it here and revisit the subject later. Better to get off the couch and go to her room and sleep like a sane human, hoping the nightmare stays quiet. “Humans have a number of hair related rituals,” she says instead.

Kanaya shows immediate interest, even shifting to face Rose, and all of that genuine attention weighs on Rose like quicksand, or lead, or warmth. She shuffles through her mind for what to say now and is saved when Dave rolls in on a shitty jpeg skateboard, which swerves him into the nearest wall. Kanaya goes to help, Karkat comes shouting into the room about poor use of grist, and Rose sighs. Her scalp still tingles.

The next few days, Rose finds her gaze drifting to Kanaya’s hair. Solid black and forever styled in the spiky bob Kanaya seems to favor. Is it rough or smooth? The trolls have chitinous plates like a Praying Mantis, but the skin under that looks like hers—smooth and soft. So is their hair like human hair? Does it become soft and springy when washed? Their scalps must have some sensitivity, or at least Kanaya’s does if her Lusus could brush it to some effect. Karkat’s hair moves when he grabs his head, so it must be pliable. Terezi’s hair defies gravity and seems pointy enough to draw blood, though. Perhaps the bloodtype changes it. 

“Rose, you are not looking at the book.”

She purses her lips and bites her tongue behind that. She lost focus again and let herself slip. “I’m sorry, still accommodating myself to this place. I fear it will be a few days yet until I sleep well.”

“I hope you’re not sleeping on the couches again,” Kanaya says. The lore book sits open between them but they’ve both stopped writing. “A slouch would be unseemly for a lady your age.”

Rose grins. “I must settle for the bed, which is ultimately a flat couch. Though I assure you mine is made from the finest wooden slabs and broken plastic. Us poor humans have no equivalent to the trollish resting cocoon.”

“Recuperacoon,” Kanaya corrects. She’s grinning wider than Rose now, her head tilted and resting on one hand. Strands of her hair drift down over her grey fingers and Rose watches them wave in the faint draft. “If you’re so desperate I suppose I could allow you to share mine.”

That takes a moment to process. Rose stares at Kanaya and Kanaya glows bright. Do trolls blush? Her cheeks have a new shade to them even through the grey color and the thin plates. “I did not mean it like that,” Kanaya blurts, “I did not mean it like anything really. I was saying words and the words may have created an impression but that impression is entirely out of my hands. I simply meant that. That if you wished I’m sure we could alchemize a recuperacoon or some such similar device for you and Dave too of course.”

Silence, fat and awkward, settles between them. Rose has to let her eyes adjust to Kanaya’s glow then sees her staring hard at the book. 

Most anything Rose says now will be fine by comparison to that. A part of her hates that this is what she needs to speak; this leverage over a friend to ensure her own safety. Too many years of winning and losing against her own mother have scorched the habit into her. “I never did explain to you the human hair rituals,” she says. Kanaya looks so relieved and Rose’s stomach twists with knowing this is anything but selfless. “The most common one is a purification process. Would you like me to show you?” 

Kanaya nods and says, “Yes.”

There are no showers or sinks on the meteor. Rose takes an empty glass vat, hooks a hose into one of the water pipes, and does a quick alchemization of conditioner—soap, some of her hair, and what she hopes is a flower seed. The bottle has Didgytoo For You on the label, but it smells like conditioner, flowery and creamy. She sits Kanaya down in front of the vat and has her bend back until her short hair dangles over the empty space. 

“Close your eyes,” Rose says with the