own soap. You closed your eyes and went to sleep, doing your best to remember his smell. Your head wasn’t swimming anymore, yet your heart felt empty and you had the urge to go to him.

In Gabe’s room, he was ecstatic. His bed smelled like you. The whole room carried your scent. He let out low growls as he inhaled your smell and pulled his blankets over his face. He shot up several times and had the urge to bring you back to his bed, just to smell you. He almost did until he felt he had an erection. He stayed beneath his blankets and enjoyed your smell. It was making his head swim.

Thanks for reading :D

You and Gabe grow closer

Alright, here's part 3. There will only be one more chapter of this, but I will be making another werewolf story that connects with this. Also there is mention of animal death and hunting, nothing graphic but it's in here. Hope you like it :)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

When the full moon came, your leg and hurt forearm didn’t let you enjoy yourself. Instead of running through the forest, you spent the three nights outside Gabe’s cabin watching the moon or him. He would appear at times then he would be swallowed up by the darkness. You enjoyed watching this. The way he moved and the way the smoke seemed to cling to his form. Shadow and smoke was his wolf form. It was beautiful.

Those three nights he lingered near you and checked on you often, he brought you things each night. He brought you a stick the first night. You chewed up until it broke, you pouted and howled in pain at your broken toy. He howled with you.

The second night he brought you a rope toy, you would have taken offense to this in your human form, but in this form, you loved it. You both chewed on the toy together and began playing with each other. He smacked you with his paw and you went to bite his paw. You even tried to chase him but you didn’t get far. He sat beside you and you chewed on his tail, until he smacked you in the face with it. 

The last night of the full moon he brought you a dear he had killed. He let you eat first then he ate while you were chewing on a bone. After he ate he came over and began licking your face. You let out what sounded like a hum as the large male cleaned you. Then you cleaned him, and it sounded like he was purring. He both fell asleep in his front yard curled up together.

The next day you woke up and wondered why did you smell Gabe? Were you in his bed? No. Did you have one of his blankets? No. You opened your eyes and found yourself starring into his muscular chest, you noticed the scars and his chest hair. You glanced up and saw his dark red eyes gazing down at you. You swallowed and just stared up at him.

“Good morning.” He said as if you both weren’t naked as the day you were born.

“Morning. Could you, let me go?”

“Yes. But you’ll see me naked.” He grinned, you only blushed. You had the urge to look down. You wanted to see his whole body, you wanted to see his scars and touch his body. 

“I’ll close my eyes.” You whispered.

“Alright. Stay here, I have my jacket on the porch. You can cover up with it.” He said as he let you go. You closed your eyes and covered yourself. Yes, being a werewolf meant you were used to waking up in the nude. But you were used to waking up naked with your sisters and mother, not around a strange man.

You heard him get up and walk away, then you felt a jacket being placed over your shoulders. You quickly pulled it on and stood up, you zipped up his jacket. It was huge on you, it covered your entire body like it was dress. You glanced at Gabe and saw he was wearing a pair of sweatpants that left little to the imagination.

“There we go. Now, come inside.” He said taking your hand and helping you inside. You were still limping but he helped you in.

Gabriel helping you and being there for you was not a surprising thing. Werewolves are social creatures, even those who disliked other wolves are social. It’s in their nature. So, it’s normal for two lone werewolves who meet to bond. It’s normally out if necessity, like you and Gabe. He saved you and is helping you get better.

But you could feel something. Those last three nights you both spent together, him playing with you and bringing you food to eat, meant something. You knew the signs when a werewolf was interested in someone. You remember your sisters being wooed and the numerous males who fought for their attention, you remember Jesse