So you’ve said but there has to be more to it than that.” John continues to press. As a doctor he is always curious for knowledge and Sherlock Holmes seems to be one of the most knowledgeable things out there.

“No. I calculate people and situations. I’m just very smart.” 

John scoffs. “Modest too.”

Sherlock squints his eyes and brings his hands up to his face to create another steeple under his nose. “You are flat shopping.”

John’s eyes widen a bit but he retains his composure. “Not yet, but I plan to shortly.”

Sherlock suddenly bolts out of his seat and walks past John and down a short hallways that leads to a room. John doesn’t pursue him but waits to see what that outburst was about. He hears a crash and then some scuffling coming from the direction Sherlock took off in but he still doesn’t follow. 

Sherlock reappears looking the same as when he left but with a stack of papers in his hands.

“Move in here.” He commands, shoving the papers into John’s lap.

“Excuse me?” John asks, picking up the papers and flipping through them.

“It is cheap, fairly clean, and Mrs. Hudson makes wonderful coffee.” Sherlock reasons.

“I’ve just met you!” John exclaims, standing up and handing the papers back to Sherlock.

“You find me intriguing and I find you just as curious. It would be a practical solution as well as a learning experience.” Sherlock explains, handing the papers back to John.

John stares at the documents in his hand. He is in desperate need of a new place and Sherlock’s is in a prime location. But what does he really know about this man? Sherlock is obviously brilliant but he also seems a little maniacal and dangerous. His place would need a cleaning but it is already completely furnished. 

Sherlock stares at John, waiting for an answer. John continues to look at the papers in his hand for a few moments before he looks up. 

“Do you have a pen?”

Hey everyone! I know, it has been forever. And I am sorry but this chapter took forever to write and I had so much other stuff to do. Also, happy Death of a Bachelor day! Enjoy!

“Sherlock! What the bloody hell happened to your microwave?” John yells from the kitchen to his flatmate. 

“Experiment” comes the response.

John shakes his head and pulls out the glass tray from the microwave and turns it over in his hands. There is a hole straight through it and discolouration at the bottom of the box. 

Acid?

“Dammit, Sherlock. I needed to heat up this mug before work.” John grumbles.

Sherlock doesn’t answer.

“Were you planning on getting a new one anytime soon?” John asks, louder this time, trying to sound noticeably annoyed.

Still Sherlock doesn’t speak up. 

John stomps into the sitting room, glass tray in his hands and shoves it in front of Sherlock’s nose. Sherlock doesn’t even blink. 

“Microwave, Sherlock. What happened?” John demands.

Sherlock slowly brings his eyes up to the tray and then up to John’s face. “I’ve already told you. An experiment. With acid. Long before you moved in.” John shakes his head and takes the tray back to the kitchen and returns it to where it was before. 

John has been officially moved into the flat at 221B for a week now and while he knew that Sherlock was going to be an interesting, if not difficult person to room with, he never in a million years thought it would be this hard. Sherlock has next to no sense of privacy and is constantly bursting into John’s room when he is changing, or listening in on his phone conversation, and on one occasion, walking into the washroom when John was showering. John had yelled and banged against the plaster to show his displeasure just to earn a snarky comment about priorities as Sherlock walked out and slammed the door behind him. 

He is also constantly awake. There has been more than one occasion when John was woken up from clattering or stomping footsteps coming from the main room. When that happens he just puts a pillow over his head and tries to ignore him. 

But above everything else, he is just Sherlock. He hates to clean so when John gets back from work the first thing he does is tidy up around the place. If there is one thing he has learned from his week of living there, it is to never go digging around in the refrigerator. 

Sherlock thinks he is better than everyone.

He believes his intentions are always good, even if they might hurt others. 

He absolutely will not stand to have others question him. 

And above all, he is often gone. And even when he isn’t, his mind is away in some other place. 

So far, so good?

~

John Watson is still as intriguing to Sherlock a week after living with him as he was when they first met. He has some weird fascination with tidiness and Sherlock