’s a paw print.”

He handed her the drinks and then climbed up to write the description: 'Villain of the Week: Latté Wifi - raspberry mocha latté with a zebra drizzle.'

It was extremely busy that night. Adrien wished he had time to talk with Alya more about the blog and to figure out if she had any leads on his identity, remembering the complaints Ladybug usually had about the reporter.

“No, Mari, you finish that hand. I can put it in for you.”

He looked up to see Alya stick a wad of paper into the suggestion box. She lingered opposite of him from the coffee machines and asked him a couple questions about his process for coming up with the drinks. She was planning on writing a couple entries for her blog and even one for the campus paper.

The night went on bustling as more people came in desperate to stay up studying and so his interview was cut short but she promised she’d get a hold of him later to continue. Maybe he could ask Marinette if they could all hang out during the break or something, he thought as he emptied out the box once everyone left, including the pair of girls who took off an hour before closing.

(He slipped Marinette a cup of the scrapped version of the Latte Wifi before she left - rooibos tea latte with vanilla and dark chocolate nibs - assuring her that yes, she should sleep and this will help with that.)

Adrien found the note with her scribbled signature on it, finding another smaller note folded inside of it.


[Hint #4: Sometimes she gets too focused on things that she doesn't think about the consequences or how it affects others.]


Adrien rolled his eyes. Well that’s an understatement he knew for years now. One of the things he found both frustrating and endearing was her way of focusing which resulted in some funny situations in battle, but it’s also what saved their skin with every Lucky Charm.

Even more so… this hint might mean she’s going to be ready to talk soon. The thought filled his stomach with a more paralyzing anxiety that twisted it into knots. Adrien leaned against the counter and breathed deeply, pulling his thoughts away from worry and focusing back on the anomaly in the note.

He opened the smaller piece of paper folded inside, seeing a different set of handwriting.


[She thinks your messy hair is hot and you have a cute butt!]


Adrien was now very confused.

A little happier, flattered even, but  confused.

He stored the slips of paper in his backpack and locked up for the night, now completely baffled at the situation he needed to untangle.

 

 

Ladybug scheduled a patrol once Saturday night rolled around, and she was insistent that he came once he said he was free, again not giving him the chance to ask anything else before hanging up.

He met her on top of one of the taller buildings on campus that had a balcony vantage point of the entire campus. She didn't hear him arrive, too busy digging in her bag and muttering swears under her breath.

He forced his face into a smile. “Is everything okay, my Lady?”

The bag noisily fell against the rooftop when she jumped in surprise. Grasping her chest, she turned to him with an expression he couldn’t read except for her glossy eyes.

“Oh. Uh. Yes. Well, no!” She tugged at her pigtails and let out a groan. “No. I had a plan and I forgot the damned things…”

“I can come back later if you’re not ready?” Chat took a step back as he said this, stuttering his grip on the ground when fear shot across her face again and she reached out.

He sighed and ruffled the back of his head. They stood there frozen for another moment before he took another step back to turn around and sit on the ground. Blindly, he pat the roof behind him and reached out his hand. Nausea swelled up in his throat as he waited, his heart hammering painfully in his chest.

Chat Noir breathed in a shaky breath.

Her hand grasped his, intertwining their fingers as she sat down and leaned her back on his. Her grip turned almost painfully tight even through his protective suit.

“I’m sorry.”

Her voice was breaking.

“I can’t tell you everything yet because I honestly have a lot going on right now and I still haven’t made sense of it. But I’m sorry, Chat. I’m so sorry I locked you out and I’m sorry I ran away-”

His free hand that he was leaning on slid back just enough to cover hers. She stopped to breathe. Her voice was soft, more solid now.

“I panicked but that doesn’t excuse that I should have at least said something and not avoided you.”

He shooshed softly, leaning his head back until it touched her navy hair. So badly he wanted to turn his head to look at her, to press his lips against her head in comfort - something. That uneasy weight still held in the air above them.