, 1984


Remus stayed in Yorkshire for two more months on the remainders of his stipend. Near the end of August James Potter and thirteen others were arrested for coal theft and assault with intent to resist arrest. James spent a day in the hospital down in Leeds for the head injury the police gave him and was promptly sent to jail to await trial. They said he was the ringleader in a provocation against the police.

Even the women’s meeting that week was bitter. The twenty or so women sat along the long dinning table with tea and a bit of biscuits.

“But in the end they were just trying to do their jobs. I don’t like what they have to do, but it’s the police’s job, isn’t it?”

Annie Parker, wife of one of the arrested, cut in. “That’s a load of rubbish. They were looking for any reason to collar ’em. They weren’t doing their jobs, they were looking for trouble where there were none. Assault with intent to resist arrest. You know the men did nothing of the sort, or my husband neither. If this were your boy—your man—” She faltered, holding back her emotions.

“I reckon the Potter boy lost his temper and said something to the police.”

“It’s no use arguing about what happened.” Molly Weasley said conciliatorily.

“Isn’t it? I think it rather is.” Suddenly Lily’s voice, loud and clear, interrupted. “What happened is that there is they’ve shown they will be ruthless. They will find any little excuse, any opening to discredit, disgrace, and humiliate us. They want to break the Union.”

“No—they wouldn’t. The Union and Board have always squabbled. It’s always been like this.”

“It’s always been like this because Unions had power. And that power is to strike—to collectively stop work. I just think that they will sit the siege this time. The Government’s not looking to bargain. And the Union won’t adapt either to the changing reality— Don’t you wonder sometimes why we aren’t even allowed to work as miners or join the bloody Union!”

“Lily! It’s hardly time for your women’s libber nonsense.” Molly snapped back, impatient. “Now we have to stand behind the Union and show a united front.”

Some others shifted uncomfortably in their seats.

“Then what time will it be? Why can’t we talk about it in a women’s meeting in our own time?” Lily shook with anger. “If women were allowed to go down to the pit, if women were allowed to join the Union, wouldn’t the strike gain as much? Wouldn’t we be even stronger? Why must we always stand behind?”

Molly looked nonplussed. Everyone stared around the table. A pair of knitting needles tapped a few times, and then stopped.

Sirius, who came late to the meeting through the back of the room, whispered to Remus. “I don’t see why Lily’s trying to bring this up. It’s only going to distract and divide.”

“But she’s right.”

“Is she?” Sirius said, dispassionately. “Well, even if she is—the old birds aren’t having it, what’s the point?”

Maybe sometimes you’ve lived so long in the cage it become indistinguishable from liberty. Maybe you start to grow the bars in your heart. The heart holds the cage. The cage holds the heart. The silence lasted for a few more moments before someone changed the subject.

—

Remus grabbed Lily afterwards at the pub.

“Hey, you did good, saying all that.”

“Was it? I’m not so sure—”

“Of course it was. I mean, even if none of them agreed with you, you said important things that needed saying.”

“I don’t know. I’m scared, Remus. I’m scared that the the mine will close down and the whole town will be done for. We’re not gaining support out there. The papers, the telly. The Government cares fuck all about the miners— And no one cares about the women. Do you know how hard it is to get a job out here that’s not serving pints or cleaning? Even the Union—the Union won’t have women members.”

Lily continued now, hushed, withdrawn, almost as if she was somehow ashamed.

“Did you know that Annie—what she’s gone through—Rob—Rob’s been drinking and he’s hit her. Now that he’s arrested and she’s still defending him. I don’t know what we can do.”

Remus had no idea. They both fell silent. It was still warm with summer. Outside the crickets would be going again. What did the night hide. What banal, ordinary evil.

At length, Lily spoke again, quieter this time