quickly from his mind. There was no point in longing for things beyond his reach. She was safe back home; all he needed to do was get through the next few days.

Mr. Sanders plan apparently worked quite well. It wasn't long before Atticus Hartwell has Servilia on the dance floor, leaving Finnick to stand at the sideline. Not wanting to be forced to dance with some random fan he glanced around the room in hope of seeing another victor. Unfortunately they usually stayed away from these kinds of occasions. He was surprised however, not to see Leila or Cashmere, they were usually some of the few you could count on to make an appearance.

"Oh, well," he thought "Lets see what the buffet table has to offer."

As he examined the large display of fineries on the table someone came to stand next to him.

"Enjoying the party Mister Odiar?" An unfamiliar voice asked him in a thick Capital accent.

Glancing to his right Finnick noticed a skinny little man who's ears seemed slightly too large for his head. His white suite with golden lining made him look pale.

"Yes, immensely," Finnick answered, not really knowing what to make of the man.

"I don't think we met before, my name is Atlas Peck."

The name didn't sound in any way familiar, so Finnick merely answered in the standard Capital response, "Always a pleasure meeting someone new." Hoping that would be the end of it and the man would let him be.

"I assume these lovely oyster come from your district do they not?" The man held up a plate with half a dozen oysters and scooped one into his mouth. Clearly he wasn't going away.

"I suppose so."

The man smiled "I bet you're a very influential man back in your district. I mean, you're a very influential here in the Capital so I would presume it's even more so in your own district."

Finnick couldn't help but laugh at that, "I wouldn't call myself influential anywhere really."

"Oh come now mister Odair. I am sure that if you told your district to stop sending us these delicious oysters people would listen."

Finnick stared at him in shock, what a thing to say. Here, in the heart of the Capital. He was at a loss for words. What an odd man.

Just then Eudora appeared as if out of nowhere.

"Finnick! Darling! How wonderful to see you here!"

Eudora, the Capitals top socialite, was dressed in a poofy rainbow dress, matching powders wig and holding, on one arm, a purple pet of which Finnick was never able to figure out if it was a cat or a dog, maybe a bit of both.

"Are you here by yourself?" Eudora asked hopefully while touching one of his shoulders.

"Oh no! I'm here with the lovely Servilia Sanders. But someone seems to have stolen her away form me again." Finnick sighed, re-entering his role.

By now Eudora's flock had gathered around him. Eudora never left home without out at least five other girls as her entourage.

"Servilia Sanders?" Eudora uttered in surprise.

"Isn't she the girl dancing with Atticus?" asked a skinny girl with a high pitch voice and a bright orange wig.

"Yes, yes she is." He stared at Servilia with what he hoped was his most seductive gaze.

"I find she has the most beautiful azure eyes and her hair feels as soft as silk in my hands."

In truth Finnick couldn't even remember the color of Servilia's eyes, but he was sure that by tomorrow night half the girls would be wearing azure contacts and wigs that resembled Servilia's dark locks. If this was the kind of influence the man had talked about then it wasn't going to get him far. It wasn't until then that Finnick realized the man had disappeared. An odd man indeed, he thought.

Eudora and her girls had him surrounded. They wouldn't stop talking and wanted to know everything about the games, Servilia and of course the latest gossip. He saw no way to escape until finally Leila entered the room, and the girls lost interest in him for a moment. Leila could have that effect at parties. Her dress, her hair and her companion would be the height of conversation for at least the next hour. If Eudora was the capitals number one socialite then Leila was its biggest celebrity.

He took the chance and made his escape, returning to Servilia's side. He would have liked to go talk to Leila, but he could already she from a distance that she was being kept on a short leash tonight. He recognized her companion, a head peacekeeper, he doubted the man was willing to share his prize.

When the party finally ended and Finnick was on his way out, with Servilia clutching his arm, he noticed the man, Atlas Perk, again. Atlas gave him a smile and a nod before disappearing in the crowed. Very odd indeed, Finnick thought