I didn't believe in any of this." John ran his hand threw his hair.

"If an alien were to come to our Earth from a planet devoid of leaders and authority; he would have the same response. This way, John." Sherlock went around the sign, leading John straight into a large, domed building.

They walked down a long formal looking hall with pictures lining the wall of different backgrounds. It took them several minutes of searching and seemingly morphing halls until they got to a wooden and old looking door. Smoke rose from the bottom and smelled of old roses and tobacco. Sherlock knocked twice on the door, grabbed the doorknob and slided the door to the left. 

When they walked in they saw a small man in various red and brown cloaks burning dried roses and heavily smoking. His dust brown hair rose messily from under the cloaks and seemed to be bobbing mysteriously in time to unheard music.

"Tea anyone?" The odd man screamed and tossed a full kettle-with what seemed like mint-orange-dirt tea at the two men.

"George do you have the biscuits for Ms. Hudson?" Sherlock screamed back.

"They're in the usual spot!" George yelled.

"This is the first time I've come to get anything from you, there is no usual spot!"

"Not my problem!" George ruffled around in his cloaks, eventually dropping the burning rose and cigarette into a basin of water and popped back out.

"The door was supposed to open outward." He turned his head and scowled at Sherlock, revealing tight lips and a wrinkly face. "You always open it wrong." After that he seemed to just disappear.

"This is very Alice in Wonderland-like." John huffed.

"What do you mean by that?" Sherlock asked off handedly while he started to search the room.

"A man in a cloak smoking, a unusually long hall way. It just reminds me of Alice's adventures." John started to pick at the leather on his jacket.

"Firstly he was wearing cloaks. Plural. And-Ahaha!-" Sherlock seemed to have found what he was looking for. "And secondly, neither of us are mad. If anyone is, it'd be you. You've hardly said anything and you seem to be itching to take out your gun." Sherlock grabbed a handful of George's cigarettes and stuffed them into his jacket pocket while John scowled at him. Sherlock quickly crossed the small room and carried John along in his hurried nature. They started down the hall walking faster than before.

"What was the point in that?" John grabbed Sherlock's arm to keep him from going away. "Why am I here?"

"I needed to pick stuff up for Ms. Hudson. Just some fancy biscuits. You're here because you were useful, so thanks." Sherlock shook his arm free and went out of the door. They walked out and were back at 221B with no sign of the building they were just in.

"So what now?" John was looking around, unsure why the disappearing building didn't freak him out more.

"You need a place to live, right?" Sherlock had led him into his flat.

"Depends on where I'm going. I imagine now that I'm dead that I can't go back to my old flat." John decided to sit down in the chair he was in earlier while Sherlock rustled through the flat.

"I'll be right back." Sherlock dashed downstairs and returned a second later with Ms. Hudson at his side. He grabbed the biscuit tin and handed it to her then sat across from John.

"Right then. So Sherlock tells me that you need a place to stay. There's a room upstairs, if you need one." Ms. Hudson said.

"Why would I-" 

"You could help me on cases. The police are more likely to listen to me if I have someone like you confirming what I say." Sherlock interrupted.

"Right. So how am I supposed to exist with the living if I'm not? I have a bullet hole in my chest and nothing other than what I'm wearing." John got up to leave.

"John, stay. I can get Molly to fix you up and any clothes or belongings you should need will be in the room." Sherlock stood up in effort to persuade him. "Baker Street is a wonderful place, regardless of the state of your life." 

"Molly is a mortician, isn't she?" John rubbed his temple thoughts of why me and what am I doing crossing his mind.

"Well yes, but that doesn't mean-"

"Fine I'll move in." John turned back around and sat in his chair.

"Right then. Here is your rental agreement." Ms. Hudson handed him some papers and walked to the door. "Sherlock next time you get me biscuits remember to make sure they actually are biscuits." She took the tin into the kitchen and headed back down.

John stared at Sherlock, who was