yourself to push him away, it felt too good, and it’s not like you’d be able to push him away with the way he had you pinned down. He pulls away, his  heavy and a lust filled glint in his eyes, one you hadn’t seen before. His knee makes it way between your legs, forcefully pushing them apart. You try to close them as best as you can, a blush spreading like wildfire across your cheeks, but he pushes them apart again, dropping to his knees. "Spread em’," He orders, his fingers fumbling with the button of your shorts. You do as you’re told, afraid of the new Louis and what he was capable of doing. "Good girl," He coos as he pulls your shorts down your legs, backing up for only a moment to let you step out of them so he can throw them across the room.

 

He runs his hands up your legs, his lip caught between his teeth. You whimper above him as his thumb gets closer and closer to your heat. “What?” He snaps, looking up at you and meeting your eyes. “You want me? You want the gay guy to fuck you?” He snarls. You gulp. “Louis, that-” You try to reason with him, but he cuts you off. “Shut up,” He says, sucking a harsh bruise onto your thigh. Another whimper escapes your lips and he rolls his eyes dramatically, bringing his finger up and rubbing you through your underwear. A moan tumbles out at the feeling and you spread your legs wider, wanting more. He smirks. “Mm, that feel good?” He mumbles against your skin. All you can do is nod. He stops both of his actions abruptly.  I asked you a fucking question. Answer me.” He pulls away from you completely, staring up at you. “Y-yes.” You cower into the wall. “Yes what?” He cocks an eyebrow. You search for the right answer, your mind awhirl. “Sir. Y-yes sir.” You manage to get out, earning an encouraging smile from him as he continues what he’d been doing before. Just as he starts to rub in the right spot and your walls start pulsing, he pulls his hand away, rubbing his fingers together. “So wet already, soaked through your panties. Should I take care of that?” He grins mischievously, popping the waistband of your panties against your skin. “Please sir,” You plead, the blind need for him taking over.

"Shh, Shh," He coos, "Be patient, love." He pulls your panties down to your ankles. As slow as possible, his calloused fingers brushing softly against your skin. "Spread those pretty legs wide for me." He says, kissing small spots on your thigh. You spread them wide, just as he told you, throwing your head back against the wall as he blows cool air onto your center. "So wet for me. Do gay guys turn you on?" He hisses and then you’re taken out of the bliss of it all, remembering this was merely to prove a point. You would never hear the end of it. Before you can try and defend yourself again, his tongue is lapping wildly at your core, hitting all of the right places and pinning you against the wall as you squirm. As you near your climax, he starts slowing down, and you buck your hips against his mouth, afraid he’ll stop before you can succumb to your sweet high. But then your hips are pinned completely against the wall as he nibbles and sucks harshly on your clit, knowing exactly what to do and how to do it. And it doesn’t even take a minute for your eyes to squeeze shut, your mouth dropping into a perfect ‘o’ shape.

He doesn’t stop there either. In fact, he doesn’t stop until your knees buckle, the pleasure becoming too much to handle. He pulls away, licking his lips and standing up. “Get upstairs and strip.” he orders, walking into the other room. You struggle to get to your feet, gripping onto the wall for support. He storms back into the room only a minute later. “NOW!” He shouts, the veins in his neck protruding. That gets you up on your feet. He watches in amusement as you stumble up the stairs, knowing that that was merely the beginning to a very, very long night.       

You do as you’d been told previously, stripping down quickly and shivering as the cold air envelopes you. You stand there, taking in the familiar room. You’d been in here over a dozen times before and under any other circumstances, the place would be comforting. You hear footsteps coming up the stairs and freeze, turning to the mirror against the wall and fixing your hair, noting your red, flushed skin. “At least you know how to follow orders.” Louis barks as he walks in, definitely not empty handed.” Sit.” He commands, gesturing