, so the next day I settle down at my office during break time to write my own will.

                “Don’t you think you’re a bit young for that, Shibuya?”

                “You never know, anything could happen. Besides, I’ve nearly died more than once, I think. I never had my life flash before my eyes, though, so I’m not sure how close it was.”

                “If you put it that way… I can tell you from experience, you’re right, when you die you won’t know you died until you’re dead.”

                “That’s like a tongue-twister… And you mean you know from your memories, not from experience. Last I checked, Murata, you’re not dead yet.”

                “You’re right.” My best friend chuckles, pushing his glasses up his nose. “You’re always right.”

                “I am? I mean, of course I am. In that case, why don’t you join me?”

                “There’s no need, even if I die now, everything I have will just go back to my family.”

                “…You know, it’s funny, but that’s exactly what Wolf said.”

                Murata raises an eyebrow at me. “You asked your fiancé about his will? He’s going to think you’re after his money.”

                “Seriously!?”

                “Shibuya, please don’t look so alarmed, you’re forgetting that you’re the king again.”

                “But I don’t really have any money,” I say in frustration, “all this belongs to the Maou.”

                “You are the Maou.”

                “Not forever, and the Maou’s things belong to the people anyway.” That’s why my will seems shorter than I had expected. Murata bends over to read it.

                “See, you’re leaving everything to your parents anyway.”

                “Everything on Earth. And that’s not true, see here? I’m leaving my encyclopedias to you.”

                “They’re either sports encyclopedias or brand new. You’re giving Lord Weller your baseball stuff?”

                “Yeah, he’s working really hard with the national team.”

                “Shibuya, who’s going to bring those things over after you’re dead?”

                “…Anyway, Josak seems to like my G-Shock, so I thought he could have that. It’s not like I would need to see the time up there, huh?  Or down there, depending.”

                “Shibuya, you’re the nicest person I know—”

                “Murata…”

                “—so I think King Enma would go easy on you for being the Maou.”

                “Please don’t remind me…” I hold my head, and decide to put more money into the shrine back home. “Anyway, I’m leaving the cute souvenirs I got overseas to Gwen, and some textbooks for Anissina, I think she would find them helpful—”

                “You don’t want to be the one that brings nuclear science to this world, Shibuya, do you? Ah, and what’s this, for Lord von Christ you’re leaving—”

                “Wait, don’t look--!”

                “—your underwear? Shibuya, I’ve misjudged you.”

                “N-no! I just thought he would like that— Wait, that’s not what I--!”

                “No, it’s my fault for judging you in the first place. Is that why you wrote this in Japanese, so Lord von Bielefeld couldn’t read this even if he found it? Don’t tell me, you forgot that no one knows Japanese in this world.”

                “That’s not true! I didn’t forget, and there is someone—you.” I take a deep breath. “Murata, I want you to be my lawyer.”

                “Just because my mom is a lawyer doesn’t mean I want to be one too.”

                “But you wanted to represent us at the Darco trial, if there was one. Wait, that’s beside the point.” I shake my head, and hand the paper over to him. “I just thought, ‘Murata’s the one I want to entrust all this with.’ So please?”

                “That’s not fair.” He sighs, but he takes it anyway. “Well, it’s not like anyone else could handle a will like this, huh? Transcending two worlds and all that. However…” His glasses glint in the sunlight coming through the windows. “Aren’t you forgetting some people?”

                “Hmm? I don’t think I need to give Sara anything—”

                “Shibuya, I’m talking about your fiancé and your daughter.”

                “Oh, that.” I scratch my head. “What are dads supposed to leave for their daughters anyway? Money? I don’t think Greta would need me to help her with that—and besides, anything I wanted her to have, I would give it to her as soon as possible, before I died. Even if