did, but it was a little late for that.

This was heading quickly toward being the worst mission ever.

Sheppard reached up with his free hand to stroke Rodney's cheek, and Rodney could feel Sheppard's cool fingers tremble slightly against his skin. He froze for a second before covering Sheppard's hand with his own and gently pulling it away. "We're still on M4X-889," he said, his voice sounding far calmer than he'd expected, considering that his heart was doing a tango in his chest. "You've been drugged."

"It's weird, you know, seeing you again after so many years," Sheppard continued as if he hadn't heard a word Rodney said. "It was like you dropped off the face of the Earth. And now there you are, and I don't how to react anymore. I'm not the same guy I was back in Pensacola."

It was the longest speech Rodney had heard from Sheppard outside of a mission briefing. His knees were starting to complain, and it was pretty clear that he was going to be here for a while unless he was prepared to fight Sheppard to get his hand back, so he shifted carefully until he was sitting on the ground. Sheppard's thumb rubbed idle circles on the inside of his wrist, the touch more intimate than Rodney had ever let himself imagine might pass between them.

He pushed the thoughts--the desires--away, reminding himself that it didn't mean anything. Sheppard was thinking about 'Nikki' and not about Rodney, and Rodney couldn't let himself forget it. He'd managed to keep whatever it was he felt—want? need?--under control for nearly two years, had cultivated Sheppard's friendship because that was as much as he could allow himself to want. He wasn't going to fuck it up now.

"Things happen. You manage to not die enough times and it gets harder to lie. Teyla sees it, I think, like she's looking through me, and it's not just her. I catch McKay looking, too."

Rodney's breath caught at that, because he could swear he'd been discreet, that he hadn't said or done anything that might make Sheppard--or anyone else--suspicious, but apparently he was wrong. He'd have to be even more careful from now on.

Sheppard licked his lips and continued, "Then there's Ronon. Ronon's a good guy. He'd keep my secrets. Teyla and Rodney would, too. My team's the best."

The quiet words made something knot up in Rodney's stomach. He'd never really cared about fitting in before. Fitting in was for people with no imagination and no intelligence. It was for people who weren't brilliant, people who weren't Rodney McKay. Suddenly, though, fitting in wasn't such a bad thing at all, and the knowledge that Sheppard thought of him as a part of his team, on par with Teyla and Ronon, well, that was warming in a way Rodney hadn't expected.

Sheppard fell silent, his eyes drifting closed, and Rodney hoped maybe he was falling asleep, but no such luck because a moment later he shivered and then tugged on Rodney's wrist. "C'mere," he said, and his words were more slurred than they had been before. "I'm cold."

Rodney hesitated for a second, and then gave in when Sheppard tugged on his wrist once more before letting go. He was cold, too; maybe they'd be warmer together. Stretching out on the dirt floor, he scooted forward until he could wrap his arms around Sheppard's shoulders and pull him closer.

Sheppard burrowed against him, pressing in tight, and Rodney couldn't miss the unmistakable hardness of an erection against his thigh. He focused on taking slow, measured breaths, and on thinking about the Wraith and the Goa'uld and his grade five teacher, all of which helped prevent him from reciprocating in a way that would probably get him decked once Sheppard was in his right mind again.

"I missed this," Sheppard said into Rodney's chest. "Women just aren't the same, you know?"

And this must be what a heart attack felt like, Rodney thought as the breath stuttered out of him and steel bands tightened on his chest, because Jesus, it was Nicky, not Nikki. Before he could pull himself together enough to do anything or say anything, Sheppard ground himself against Rodney's thigh and then Rodney was well on his way to being equally hard.

"Just this once, okay? For old time's sake?" Sheppard said, his mouth pressed against Rodney's collarbone, his breath hot and damp through Rodney's shirt. "No one has to know," he mumbled. "Say yes, please." Sheppard's hand stroked firmly down his flank to rest on Rodney's hipbone, and with his