so proud of himself and now he is so proud of Louis. He parked the car raced to Louis' side. He opened the door for Louis and grabbed his hand. They made their way over to the entrance and walked in. 

"What do you want for your birthday?" Liam asked him referring to next Saturday. "You." Liam smiled at Louis and he knows they are both falling. Instead of being scared of hitting the ground Liam feels safe knowing he is not falling alone. "That can be arranged." It really can, Liam thought. They were done eating and were now sitting on Louis' balcony. Louis was sipping his tea looking over the city. Liam was seated on the chair in the corner and watched Louis become one with the stars in the sky. He grabbed his phone and opened the camera. Louis was standing next to the railing teacup in his hand, eyes darted upwards. He was still wearing the same sweater, but now with some sweatpants underneath. Liam smiled taking the picture. The stars in the sky giving light to make Louis' appearance even more impressive. Louis looked over at Liam when the camera clicked again. "Beautiful." Liam said when he stood up. He walked over to Louis and grabbed Louis' face in both hands. "Can I kiss you?" Liam whispered. The damp  of his breath interwinding with Louis' outtake of breath. Louis nodded slightly not taking his eyes of Liam's mouth. Liam came closer and brushed his lips over Louis'. Louis shuddered and pulled Liam closer. There lips connected sweetly and Liam grabbed Louis hips next. Louis brought his arms upwards and holds Liam's hair. Their heads both craned left. Liam's head exploded by fireworks. The tender feeling of Louis lips had him on cloud nine again. These days the met were wonderful and full of love. Liam knew, mostly because of this precious kiss, that he indeed loves Louis. The pulled back, foreheads touching. "Louis?" Louis nodded. "Do you want to be my boyfriend?" Louis nodded again and their relationship was promised with some more tender kisses. 

Louis birthday rolled around soon after and Liam had the perfect gift. He was invited to Louis' birthday party. It started at noon and ended about 4pm. Liam walked through the halls of Louis flat. His shoes padding against the marble floor. He picked up a rose out of the neighbours bucket that was standing on the window frame and knocked on the door. Louis opened the door happily as ever and smiled at the rose. "I know you've been stealing them from my neighbour." Louis chuckeld. Liam smiled at his amazing boyfriend and shut him up with a peck on the lips. Louis moved out of the way. Liam was landed in a zoo. People everywhere. A few little girls running around, dolls in their hands. Some old looking dads talking with each other and a very tired looking woman. He sat down next to her and she smiled at him. He smiled back politely and looked around. All he noticed was that not one of these faces are unknow. He never met them, but Louis showed him some pictures. "So you're Liam?" The woman asked him. He nodded and shook her hand. "I'm Johannah." 

Liam talked to her, met all Louis' siblings and even got to hold the new born twins. They were lovely people just like Louis told him all those nights lying wrapped up in each others arms. Everybody was fond of Liam and Louis had the best day of his life. It was 4.30pm when everyone had left and Liam sweeped Louis into his arms. "I hope they like me." He said nuzzling his nose in Louis hair. Louis nodded tiredly in Liam's arms and looked up. Liam pecked Louis' forehead and smiled. "You can go lay down until your friends come over and I will clean." Louis of course protested saying it was his party so he would clean. Liam grinned at this and laid Louis down. Louis was out in a minute and Liam started the cleaning. 

"Babe, wake up. They will be here any minute." Louis' stretched himself and hugged Liam. Liam fell onto Louis and he chuckeld. He was about to say something when Louis turned them so he was spooning Louis. "Why do you like being the little spoon so much?" Liam asked his sleepy boy. "I dunno. Makes me feel complete." Liam smiled at this and a blush rose on his cheeks. He turned Louis around so they were facing each other. "I love you, Louis William Tomlinson." Liam smiled. Louis cried and kissed him deep. Liam still felt the fireworks and tingles all over his body every time he kissed Louis.  "I love you too, Liam James Payne." Louis hiccuped and not only did Louis loved this day the most Liam loved it too. The doorbell ringed and they both got ready to face some friends. 

The day went by smoothly and Liam was engulfed with love of Louis' best friends. Zayn, Niall and Harry. The best