when he picked up a big toolbox Dean hadn’t noticed. He rifled around in the box for a moment. Dean’s movements were getting jerky. He was almost panting now, his dick covered in precome.

And then Cas bent down again, crawled under a chair and oh sweet Lord, that ass. He wasn’t really wriggling it but it looked like it to Dean. Dean’s stomach muscles were twitching. His brow was sweaty and he huffed out a harsh breath when the first pull of his orgasm hit him.

When Cas straightened again he tossed a screwdriver into the box and hitched up his jeans before — fucking hell! — before reaching down and adjusting his dick.

Dean’s breath hitched and he came forcefully. He shot long and hard, splattering the window, before his knees gave in and he crashed down to the floor, his dick still spitting come.

His pleasured moan turned into a wracking sob when he realized what he had done.

He had jacked off to a man and he had come so hard he was still shaking from it. Dean needed help.






*****

The only light in the bedroom was the moon which shone in through the window. It was late at night and Ben was long since asleep. Not that Lisa ever was very vocal in their lovemaking but it was still good to know their son probably wouldn’t overhear anything.

Lisa was on her hands and knees in front of Dean, her plush butt pushed up against his pelvis as he thrust languidly into her wet heat. When he did it a little harder she made a kind of keening sound and he really liked that but he knew she didn’t so he didn’t do it very much.

Tonight felt like a night for it, though.

Yet another week had passed and the kitchen was looking great. Mickelsen and his workers were really efficient and—and you know what? Dean hadn’t been paying a speck of attention other than noticing how one wall was gone and a new one had gone up.

Dean had spent the week avoiding having to avoid Cas. And the man had caught his staring more than once. And he had stared right back. Once he had even licked his lips and Dean shuddered even now as he was buried in his wife.

Dean’s funk was getting so deep it wasn’t even a funk even more. It was a pit of wallowing despair and self-pity and tonight he hadn’t been able to take it anymore. Had needed and even though he was man enough to by now admit that he actually wanted Cas more than his wife he was still selfish enough to seek comfort in her body because it was easier. And it wasn’t like Lisa was complaining.


She would if she knew.


He did his best to ignore thoughts like that because as far as Lisa knew Dean was just being grumpy because of the construction work being done. Of course he let her think that and it was somewhat true anyway. The kitchen was shaping up but there was still a long time to go and Dean wanted the workers out of his domain.

Well, all but one.

God, just the thought of never seeing Cas again made him grip Lisa harder as he gritted his teeth to hold in an almost pained moan.

He was married.

Married and fucking—making love, Dean—his wife and yet he still couldn’t shake thoughts of Cas from his mind.

Cas with his easy smile, intense eyes, and chiseled jaw. Fuck, Dean wanted to feel the man’s stubble scratch against his own. He wanted to feel that stubble against the sensitive skin on the inside of his thighs. He wanted, fuck, he wanted Cas’ plump lips on his dick.

"Shit." He groaned and Lisa made that keening sound.

He should rein himself in but he couldn’t. His dick was so hard and the heat around him felt so good. What would it feel like if it was Cas? Gay men did it up the ass, right? He blindly moved his hands to grope Lisa’s ass cheeks, his thumbs skirting the little pucker there. He wasn’t even aware that his eyes were closed. All he saw were images of Cas bending over.

What would Cas’ gruff voice sound like during sex? Would it get all high like a woman’s? Dean panted and his stomach muscles were contracting now, his balls tight. In and out, hips thrusting and breath ragged.

Or maybe it would get even deeper? Would sound all raspy as he whispered all the filthy things he wanted Dean to do to him.

Or…

Or things he wanted to do to Dean?

"Oh, fuck." Dean’s back bowed and he pushed himself in as far as he could go. "Cas."

His whole body shook with his orgasm and he didn’t even feel Lisa tensing up until he was coming down from the high. Fuck, that had been intense.

"…say?"

"What?" he mumbled and grinded his hips in small circles.

"I said: what did you say?"

His