finding what I've been looking for all along. Maybe he'll be my perfect marionette."

Dead bodies in a gross tableau of romance, skin etched in love songs. Morgan swallowed down a wave of nausea and fury as the reality of the situation set in. "I won't touch him, you sick son of a bitch! You can't make me touch him!"

Reid had been hanging still and limp from the chains, but his head jerked up at Morgan's words. "Morgan...."

"Is that what you want from us?" Morgan strode forward, only stopping when the pistol leveled at him. "You're not getting it. If that's what you want me to do then you might as well just kill me now."

"Morgan -" Reid choked on his name, and Baxter's eyes narrowed.

"Let me put this simply enough that even you can understand, Agent Morgan. You are here to puppeteer my Marionette. If you won't take your pleasure of him then I'll kill you and do it myself before I kill him. Get it?"

"I get it. And I'm sure as hell not doing it."

"Don't tell me you don't want to," Baxter shot back, lips curled up into a sneer. "Don't tell me you haven't watched this tight little ass under fine wool trousers and wanted to tap it."

Morgan held his gaze, rage burning hot through his veins. "Nothing you can say will justify what you're asking me to do. I won't do it."

"You really want to leave him at my mercy, alone? You really want to die so badly?"

"If that's what I have to do to prevent it then fucking put a bullet between my eyes!"

"Morgan!" Reid's desperate plea cut through the argument, voice trembling. "Derek... please. Please."

Morgan stepped back until his shoulders hit the metal doors behind him, which didn't budge. "Spence, I can't."

"You can. Please. Just - just displace, just - please don't leave me alone with him." Reid looked up to meet his gaze, eyes desperate. "Please."

Morgan closed his eyes for a moment, trying to force himself to calm, to think rationally. "Even if I do it he's going to kill us anyway."

"Perhaps," Baxter replied, and Morgan didn't have to look to hear the sneer on his face. "Perhaps not. Why would I get rid of the perfect piece of art?"

Morgan tried not to think about what would be involved in completing the artwork while they were both alive. "But...."

"He won't kill us now." Reid's voice still shook, though Derek could hear him trying to steady it. "Not this time. Derek...."

Morgan forced himself to calm, to take a deep breath and think without anger. Reid was asking for time, and he was right. The longer they stayed alive, the better the chance was that the team would track them. They'd logged Baxter's name as bringing in the tip. Surely the team would be able to trace them from there. He met Baxter's gaze. "All right. But I'm doing it for him, not for you. And I'm doing it my way."

Baxter gave a little shrug, stepping back towards the door, pistol still leveled at Morgan. "That's what they've all said. As long as there is sodomy, I don't really care what you do. But don't think you can fake it. I'll be watching. You have one hour." He reached behind him to open the grill, then stepped out, locking it and the outer door behind him.

Morgan watched him leave, letting out a long breath and stepping closer to Reid. "Spence..."

"Don't say you're sorry." Reid cut him off, voice soft and small. "I asked for this. Thank you."

"The lesser of two evils? You didn't ask for this. Don't thank me."

Reid gave a little shake of his head. "No. Thank you for not leaving me with him. I'm so sorry, Derek..."

"Shhh..." He stepped closer, slipping his arms around Reid's waist, hands stroking over chilled skin and chain, closing his eyes as he pressed his face to Reid's curls. "We'll get through this. We will." He had to believe it, knowing Reid would hear any uncertainty in his voice. He inhaled deeply of the scent of Reid's hair, holding him closer, nuzzling the corner of his jaw. "We'll be okay."

Reid shivered at the sensation. "...what are you doing?"

Morgan gave a soft, helpless laugh. "You think I could let myself fuck you dry just like that? I just...