, cursed, ate- everything he damn well did! Some days he was charmed by it, but other days it pissed him the fuck off.


“Quit being a faggot,” he smirked, moving back towards the hall.


“W-where’re ya goin’?” Daryl asked.


“Gotta get some water back in ya ‘fore you dry up like a desert well.”


Without another word, he continued out their room and straight to the kitchen. His socked feet barely made a sound as he crept across the carpeted floor. Squinting through the dark (no use in tempting fate by turning on a light), Merle briefly eyed the shut door that led to his Pa’s bedroom. For everyone’s sake, he hoped it stayed closed.


The sink was filled with days’ worth of unwashed dishes. He blindly grabbed a dirty cup and filled it with water from the faucet. Nodding to himself, he turned and quickly headed back towards their room.



Merle had almost made it back inside the room when he misjudged his steps. In a split second, there was a resounding crack immediately followed by a sharp pain in his right foot. He’d stubbed his toes against the damned doorframe.


“Sonofabitch, Jesus Christ!” he cursed though clenched teeth.


“Ya ‘kay, Mer?” Daryl whispered.


“Turn on the fuckin’ lamp, Daryl,” Merle hissed.


There was the sound shuffling and a click before the second-hand lamp dully illuminated the area. Daryl sat at the edge of his bed clutching at that scruffy looking stuffed rabbit he was fond of. The thing was a little more than beat up having been one of the only items from their old home to survive the fire. It’s once white fur was now a dirtied gray and there was a piece of duct tape across its chest that Merle had put there to cover a hole that had formed a few months back. Honestly, Daryl was getting a little too old to have the thing. One day he would just have to make it disappear.


Ignoring his throbbing toe, Merle shut the door and thrusted the glass of water at his brother, “Drink it.”


Daryl accepted the glass and brought the cup to his lips. He almost immediately pulled a face, “Taste funny.”


“Yeah, well, ain’t sure what was in it before,” he said taking a seat on his own bed.


Daryl just nodded. They were both used to grabbing a dirty cup sometimes. Since ma died, the dishes weren’t something that were cleaned often.


Merle watched amused as the boy drank from the glass with one hand and used the other to take the rabbit’s ear and rub it up and down on his cheek.


“Why ya do that?” he finally asked.


“What?” Daryl said, glassy eyes looking up from his feet.


“That weird rubbin’ thing.”


Daryl shrugged.


“Come on, lil’ brother, you can tell ol’ Merle.” The boy mumbled an inaudible response, “What was that?”


“Feels good.”


“Oh, it feels good,” Merle repeated sarcastically, “You know what feels even better? A nice woman rubbin’ ya up and down. Specially one with curves.” He let out a low whistle, “Yeah…there ain’t nothin’ like it.”


Silence fell between the two after that which was completely fine by Merle. It gave him time to recline against the wall and rest his eyes. His ears focused on the sound of the wind whipping through the tall pine trees outside their window.


It was getting to be fall. Maybe tomorrow he’d ditch work and go hunting. Bag a nice deer or turkey. Daryl probably won’t be up for going, being sick, which was fine by Merle. That meant there would be no one to slow him down or scare off the game with clumsy footsteps. Soon he’d have to start teaching Daryl about hunting. Currently, he’d been teaching him about tracking and, he had to admit, the kid was a natural at it.  But hunting…he wasn’t so sure that would come as easy to the youngest Dixon. Daryl was much softer than he was. Probably would start crying if he shot something.


“Mer—” Daryl’s panicked voice snapped him out of his dozing. Merle hadn’t even realized he’d sprung into action until he’d finished shoving the trashcan into his little brother’s arms. The kid immediately let out a belching sound which was followed by a wet splattering. The older Dixon winced. There went all that water.


“And after all the trouble I went through to get you that water,” he joked.


Daryl let out a whimper, “When’ll it s-stop?”


“You went and caught yerself a bug. It’ll stop once its good an’ ready to.”


Daryl blanched and his grip on the can tightened, “There’s a bug inside o’ me?”


Merle looked at the sheer horror on the other’s face before he let out a laugh, “Don