is believed he was the first one to ever kill one of his kin, and there are rumors that Lucifer himself trained him to be the first Knight of hell and to raise a little army of overpowered demons. Among countless rumors this one belongs to, there is another that never fails to freeze the blood of those who hears it. It seems that Cain is trying to find a new and even more perfect creature to train as a new Knight of hell, one that would be better, stronger than any of the existing Knights.

 

Crossroad demons are like humans in the demonic side. Nobody knows exactly how many they are or how they organized their population but they are the most hated species of all. If a demon is seen, hunters are immediately called to get rid of it. They literally doesn't have the right to live since hundreds of years, even if they make illegual pacts with people who solds them their soul.

Just a more profound description of the species, not beta-read and surely messy.

Archangels are very rare, as they are only four at a time. From their name, Raphael, Micheal, Gabriel, known also as the Trikster god Loki, and Lucifer or The Devil. From what we know, Archangels are immortals but they can be killed. If that happens, they will be born again from a couple of loyal angels who have the duty to bring the child to another Archangel. There are special prayers for angels to make to be able to catch the attention of one of the god-like creatures. As Archangels seems to not feel the need to make an heir, nobody knows if its possible for them to have children. As for soul-mates, no one knows if any of them have or had one. If it is possible for Archangels to have soul-mates at all, it doesn't seem to be like any other species who have the tendency of finding their SM in their own race, something proved impossible when we look at the way Archangels treat each other. They are still many mysteries about them, even after billions of years of living. When feeling very strong emotions, their gold grace shows herself in their eyes. Like angels, they often use it to intimidate victims and its from their grace that they draw their incredible strength.

 


Fallens are also very rare but, for different reasons. The first reason is that when parents finds out their child is a Fallen, they often abandon their child. 
But, the main reason why is, that their birth isn't natural, against nature even. If one of the parents is possessed by a demon during the mating, there is a chance that the baby born in these conditions will be a Fallen. Nor the parent who had been possessed nor the other, knows they had been the victim of a demonic possession, they only find out one or one and a half year after the incident, when the baby's feathers finally leave and the mature feathers take their place. The other sign is that in the same weeks where the black and white feathers appears, the kid's mark appears too. If they have the chance to still live with their family after that, the child will learn to hide the mark of their curse and to wear a cloak. Few people knows about the truth about Fallens, that there isn't only one type, but also another kind of Fallen, stronger, and well.. more everything. Common Fallens are born because one of their parents was possessed by a crossroad demon, but Knights Fallens are born from a parent possessed by a Knight of hell. This type of Fallen is extremely rare because the child often cannot contain his strength and gets caught. Fallens doesn't have the permission or right to use 
t
he power that differentiates them from other angels. 
Its okay for them to use their ability in public if it is for conjuring something or moving an object without directly touching it, but using time warping, alteration of the elements and much more is prohibited and if they are seen using it, nobody knows where they take them. Many rumors talk about experiences, banishment in Hell, or in Purgatory. The Fallens that have been taken never come back, or doesn
'
t have the chance to come back. 
Fallens also have a grace, and like Archangels, angels or even mixed-blood, their grace shows herself when they are feeling strong emotions, its also from there that they draw their strength. 


 


H
umans are a lot like you know them, ever
y
 individuals different from each other. 
Some humans that descend from a long family of mixed-blood sometimes have feathers hidden where wings once were. Wanting to benefit of the way humans are treated and not being judged like a mixed-blood, they sometimes take the feathers off or hide them for the rest of their lives. Pure humans have the ability to learn simple magic, 
like 
how to improve their strength for a limited amount of time for example, but they usually use this ability to make potions or charms. 


 


M
ixed-blood are rarer than angels or humans but its not surprising to see a bunch of them