happened, he wants to relax and have fun with his family.

Shy finally tires himself out and was knocked out after playing at the shore. Levi took the drowsy child for a bath and Eren went to prepare food. They just arrived and Shy was very happy and energize under the heat. Eren knew this vacation is good for everybody, he can keep establishing his bond with Shy and making his mate happy. 

Levi had been in the island before and it was very nostalgic, it brings back all those happy, wonderful memories of his stay there with Eren. Now, everything is much better than before, because they have Shy now. 

Levi set the boy on the window seat while he prepares the bed, Shy will be having his nap on the masters bedroom for now because Eren's new maids doesn't know how to clean. Levi harshly scolds them and make them clean Shy's room again.   

It is getting hotter, mainly because the island rest on the tropical part of the world. Levi wipes the bead of sweat that was falling on his forehead. He heard Shy whines uncomfortably at the heat and the poor boy starts to sweat. 

Shy snaps awake with a whimper. He can't sleep with this heat! He turns towards his mother who is currently almost finish arranging the pillows.

"Pillow fort!" Shy cheers, climbing into the bed full of soft things. Shy toss and turns until he finally settles on the soft towels.

Levi took a fan from his bag and starts fanning the child. Shy instantly fell asleep afterwards.   

 

Eren pause from pealing the potato's when a very familiar scent reached his nose. He drops the peeler and the potato and rushes up stairs to where the bedrooms are. He follows the scent that leads to the master bedroom, there he saw Levi, face flush, silently panting, sweat falling freely on his forehead while he fans the sleeping child that was the laying comfortably at the Omega's nest.

Levi's in heat. And he is not aware of it! He doesn't even notice his Alpha on the doorway, his attention and his instincts are focus on caring for his pup.

"Levi?"

Levi looks up at Eren, he shivers at the sudden wave of heat that spreads through his body from the moment he smelt his Alpha. He stops fanning his pup when he tries to even his breathing before looking up to Eren.

"P-Put Shy in his r-room,"  Levi manages between deep pants. 

Eren quickly does what the Omega said.

Warning! 

Smut ahead!If you feel uncomfortable with this, please skip this chapter~


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

"Fuck!" 

Levi screams. He was on all fours on his nest with his merciless Alpha that was currently abusing his hole and hammering his prostate. When the Alpha came home, he was all gentle and sweet during their couplings, spoiling Levi rotten with coddles and kisses. Levi knew this will happened and he wanted this to happened, he stop taking suppressant since the day Eren came home. But as always expect the unexpected.  

"What did you just say?" Eren grabs a fist of hair and forces Levi to look at him. "Say, what was your rule again? About that kind of language?" 

"T-They are not-Ah! ah-allowed," Levi moans when he felt the Alpha tugs his hair harshly. 

"And what do we do to  violators? Hmmm?" Eren let's  go of his hair, letting the Omega flops on his nest as he continues his thrusts. He can't help the harsh pace, he needs to satisfied his Omega in heat after the 8 year separation and Levi is deliciously tight. Eren leans over and whispers at the Omega's ear with a smirk. "How about a punishment?"

Levi eyes widen at the suggestion. God, he missed this kind of play. "Please f-forgive me s-sir."

"How will you learn if I don't punish you?" Eren growls as he lifts his hand to slap the Omega's right butt cheek.

Levi screams as he came at the sheets but it was not enough, his body craved for more.

The bed creaks at their movements as their pace became erratic, the room was filled with the sounds of moans and flesh slapping. Levi was clutching hard at the sheets as he tries not to collapse at the intensity of Eren's thrust.   

"Levi, cuming," Eren breaths, voice was low and thick with lust.

"I-Inside..  In-Ahh," Levi quickly said.

"Are you sure?" he ask this time with concern.

"Yes! Stupid Alpha! I need-Ahh!" Eren interrupted him as he reach and pumps the Omega's cock in time with his thrust. "Together then." Eren said leaning over and bites Levi at the neck, strengthen the mating mark's visibility. 

Levi turns his head, giving the Alpha more room. More slick came running down his thighs when he felt Eren's teeth between his flesh. 

Not long, Levi screams his