futile.” Sephiroth took a fist full of Cloud’s hair and pulled roughly, forcing Cloud to look up and gasp in pain. Once Cloud had opened his mouth wide, Sephiroth quickly stuck the gag in his mouth and began securing the straps around his head. The padded gag covered over his entire lower face. The straps went around the back and over his head.An attached collar wrapped around his neck. 



“Mmmph?!” Cloud then heard the sounds of faint 

clicks

 and immediately began to turn his head from side to side as he attempted to shake Sephiroth off.



Sephiroth calmly got to his feet and reached back into Cloud’s new box of treasures. “Don’t worry, I have the keys for all the locks of the things you’ve bought.”



Cloud immediately began pulling at his gag. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t loosen a single strap. Everything wrapped around his head with a snug fit. His struggling grunts and groans were effectively muffled out by the intrusive gag.



“How about we put this on next?”



Cloud turned to face Sephiroth. In his hands, he held a small, metal object that fit in the palm of his hand. The object had five metal rings attached to a leather strap. The inner side of each ring was lined with uneven ridges. Cloud felt himself swallow hard. He knew very well what that thing was and what it was meant to do. The Gates of Hell would live up to its name. He would be stripped of his freedom as a man. But in order for that thing to be on him, the lower half of his body would have to be undressed. And he was not willing to have Sephiroth undress him. Without hesitation, Cloud got on his feet and ran towards the kitchen. With his cuffed hands, he yanked the drawer open and held a long knife with both hands. He glared at Sephiroth with all the anger he had. 



Sephiroth calmly stepped towards Cloud, twirling the chastity device around his index finger. “Now, now, Cloud, you’re going to get hurt if you play with that.”



“Shay hack,” Cloud warned with a garbled voice.



Sephiroth raised his hand over his mouth and chuckled. “Forgive me, Cloud. I shouldn’t laugh at your attempts of resisting me but you’re not making it easy for me.”



Cloud felt his ears get hot in embarrassment. Not only was he handcuffed and gagged and soon to be put in chastity, he was being mocked and ridiculed. He was not going to tolerate this treatment. Cloud tightened his grip around his knife and charged forward towards Sephiroth. He didn’t plan on killing Sephiroth, but he needed to incapacitate Sephiroth enough for him to get the keys and free himself.



Sephiroth quickly composed himself as he saw his prey coming towards him. He quickly sidestepped the attack directed at his leg. In a single motion, Sephiroth knocked the knife out of Cloud’s hands and grabbed onto the handcuffs’ chains, giving him control over Cloud’s arms. He then pinned Cloud’s arms high above his head against the wall and smirked victoriously. “I think that’s enough playing around.”



“Mmnn!” Cloud struggled with all his might under Sephiroth’s strength with little success. 



Sephiroth reached his hand down towards Cloud’s jeans and began unzipping them. Slowly, he pulled his pants down along with his boxers. Cloud’s cock laid over his half-removed jeans semi-erect. Sephiroth smirked with delight at Cloud’s member. Without further delay, Sephiroth slide the rings over Cloud’s cock. The largest ring held Cloud at the base of his growing erection and scrotum. The other rings were spread out over his shaft.



The feeling of his bonds made Cloud feel even more aroused. It had been his fantasy to be taken advantage of but that would be in a situation that wasn’t this. Cloud immediately shook his head, attempting to shake his secret fantasies from his mind. But he felt a feeling of strain and light pain growing in his lower half. 



“I didn’t know you were such a masochist. It makes me happy to see you react this way,” Sephiroth chuckled. He began stroking his fingers against Cloud’s skin, trailing them just below his navel. 



Cloud could feel his breathing become heavier and his heart beat quicker. If only he wasn’t so excited and anticipating all the self-bondage he could do on himself with his new toys. Sephiroth’s touched teased him, so close to his hard cock, but never touching. All these things just made Cloud feel hornier. Even the biting pain from the Gates of Hell were beginning to feel like pleasure around his constricted member. It felt tight. All Cloud wanted now was to be released.



Cloud looked up at his uninvited guest with tears forming in the corners of his eyes. “Mmn,” he pleaded softly.



Sephiroth chuckled with a widening grin of satisfaction. He held Cloud in his arms, holding him in a bridal-style, and made his way down one of the hallways in