Best Western. Seems to be all there is.”

When Dean opens his mouth, his voice comes out like some desiccated death rattle, and the sting brings tears to his eyes.

Sam winces. “I’ll do the talking.”

Dean trails along behind Sam into the lobby, gapes at the price. “We don’t want to buy the fuckin’ room,” he barely scratches out. “We just want to sleep in it. For one night.”

The desk clerk’s eyes widen into Hazmat suit! Quarantine! Unclean!, and she recoils. Dean glowers at her for a moment before forcibly steering his brother back outside.

“We might just have to suck this one up, Dean,” Sam is saying. “You’re running a fever, you sound—”

“It’s low season, and the housing market is in the Pit here,” Dean wheezes. “There are eleventy billion foreclosures we can pick and choose from, squat for a night or two. Or a holiday rental, maybe even something with a pool. So start driving.”







He feels his dick twitch, reaches down to give it a quick knead through the thin fabric of his shorts, and it nudges up into his hand, filling up so fast he forgets about his sore throat and grips the solid line of hard flesh more firmly, starting the slide of fingers that will—

“Sam tells me you’re unwell, Dean.”

“Jesus,” Dean croaks piteously, snatching his hand up from much more interesting pursuits to clutch at his throat, because he’s full sure it sprouted a coat of dryer fluff while he lay there birdwatching. 

Castiel eyes him thoughtfully. “Are you delirious too?” 

Dean flaps his hand wildly, hacks out something that was proper words when he thought it up in his head but comes out as the noise of plant machinery as Sam ranges up behind Castiel.

Castiel frowns, pondering Dean’s response for a moment. “I speak every language, yet I’m not familiar with that one.”  

“Yeah, it’s Wookiee,” Sam offers. “With a touch of Stevie Nicks and a sprinkling of Louis Armstrong.” 

Dick still at DefCon Two, Dean heaves himself up from the lounger, makes a grab for the towel hanging across the back of the other seat. As he does, the world starts to rock and roll around him and he reels. Hands catch him, and faces peer down at him.

“You’re extremely hot, Dean,” Castiel says. His eyes are doing that anxiety-fear-nothing-else-matters-but-you thing, and his hand is suddenly gentle on Dean’s brow.

Dean snorts. “I knew you wanted me,” he slurs tiredly, and it all goes black.







“Did I puke on you?” Dean mumbles.

“You did, Dean,” Castiel confirms neutrally. “Unfortunately I wasn’t aware that your request to talk on the big white telephone was an indication you wished to be taken to the bathroom to be sick.”

Dean swallows claggily, feels like he just ate a mouthful of ground up glass. “M’ sorry,” he whispers. 

“You don’t have to be,” Castiel replies, oddly soft-voiced.

“Throat. Feels like barbed wire. Hurts.”

“I know. Rest, Dean.”

Dean thinks Castiel might be rocking him, and he sighs and leans into it, telling himself he damn well isn’t snuggling with his angel.







Sam’s palm is warm on Dean’s cheek. "Look at me,” he says, stern. “It’s over, done. You’re never going back there.”

“Sh-sh-ssure?” Dean stutters.

“I’m sure. Now drink this, it’ll make you feel better.”

Sam lifts Dean up, touches something to his lips. Dean grimaces at the taste. 

“Whassit?”

“Ginger tea, honey, lemon juice,” Sam reassures. “It’ll help. It’s natural.”

“So is cancer,” Dean grouses back, but Sam is on a roll.

“I found the recipe online. Grated ginger, freshly squeezed lemon juice. Manuka honey, it’s anti-inflammatory, Dean, and it’s a natural antibacterial agent.” Sam stops, eyebrow going up slightly. “Cas went all the way to New Zealand for the honey. I didn’t even have to ask, he just vamoosed the second I said you needed it.”

His tone might be teasing, but Dean ignores it, focuses instead on his brother’s hand, and, “This is a Dora the Explorer sippy cup,” he croaks balefully.

Sam smirks. “It’s easier this way.” 

And what the fuck, it is. And Dean sucks down his natural throat remedy for no other reason than that his brother researched it online and made it himself, with honey his angel flew to New Zealand to fetch. And that gives him a warm feeling inside he’ll never admit to as long as he lives. “They should have sippy cups in