Sehun stated.

The elder nodded and chose a movie. He went to grab some potato chips and settled comfortably on his bed, hip to hip with Sehun. In the middle of the movie, they went under the blanket, feeling cold. The pale skinned boy tried not to shiver when their skins touched and create some space between them but the bed was too small. Plus, Jongin put his head on his shoulder - it was a habit he developed with Sehun, making the younger tense.

At the end of the movie, they remained silent for a while to enjoy the presence of one another. Jongin spoke first. “Sehun, I…have something to tell you. But I don’t know how.” Sehun bit his lips, nervous. What did Jongin want to tell him ? “What ?” He asked, turning his head to look at him. “I…will move out.” He murmured, refusing to meet his gaze.

Sehun froze at his words. “Why ?” He said, trying to mask the hurt but failing miserably. “I…need to put some space between us. We can’t just stay always together like this, right ? We need to meet people, build our life, and have a girlfriend or something.” He explained with sad eyes. His best friend pulled away from him, hurt. It felt like a slap in the face.

“You…want to put space between us ? I don’t understand. We’re best friend Jongin, a lot of friends live together and it’s not a problem to build their life, is it ? You don’t make sense. It’s just an excuse. You just want to get rid of me. I just…don’t understand why. What did I do ?” He asked, wrapping his arms around himself.

Jongin’s eyes widened as he quickly stood up. It was the exact reason why he dreaded the moment. He knew Sehun would think something like that and it scared him to no end. “No no no. Sehun, please calm down and hear me out ok ?” He pleaded, approaching him. Sehun backed up the door, stopping him.

“I…It’s not your fault or anything. You did nothing wrong ! Don’t even think that. Sehun, you’re my best friend and it won’t change. It’s just me, I need to…take my life in hand.” He explained calmly.

“I…don’t understand. I’m sorry.” He stated, confused. “Where will you stay ?” The younger asked then, worried. Jongin looked torn and guilty, lowering his head. “I will crash at Kyungsoo’s place for a while…” He breathed.

Sehun inhaled loudly, his eyes darkening. “So, it’s ok to stay with Kyungsoo, a friend, but not with me, your best friend ? Are you fucking with me Jongin ? You told me it has nothing to do with me and then you’re going to stay with Kyungsoo ?” He snapped, furious, clenching his fits.

Then, he closed his eyes, breathed slowly, trying to calm down and ran his hand on his face. “Ok. I get it. Just do what you want, I don’t fucking care anymore. Just take your things and get the fuck out of here ! And don’t even think about coming back. I thought I knew you but clearly I was dead wrong. How stupid can I get ? I’m out of here. Have a fucking good life with Kyungsoo you fucker !” He yelled, yanking the door open and walking out.

He took his things, keys and some cash, a hoodie and headed to the front door, slamming it after him. Jongin stared where he stood even if he was no longer here, shocked. He sat on his bed, hiding his head in his hands and let his frustrated tears flew.

*

Sehun took the bus and went to Kyungsoo’s flat. He needed some explanations. The boy seemed surprise to see him but just looking at his expression he knew something was wrong.

“Something happened ?” He asked, showing Sehun in. They sat on the couch and Sehun explained. “Why does he want to move out ? And why does he want to live with you ? Do you know something I don’t hyung ?” He asked with pleading eyes. “I’m sorry Sehun, I don’t really know…He just asked me If he could stay with me suddenly. I thought he was saying this because you had a fight or something…I didn’t know he was serious.” Kyungsoo said, worried.

Sehun looked so heartbroken, so small on his couch. He didn’t know what to do for him to get better. He made them some tea and came back with cookies.

“Hyung, do you…think maybe Jongin could like you ?” Sehun asked, not meeting his eyes. Kyungsoo stared at him for a good minute and sighed. “No