And slide tongue into his mouth. As they both kisses and their tongue battle against each other. They could taste each other. Eythil was savoring the taste as he smirked. As he slowly pulled away from the kiss leaving a trail of saliva that was connected to their mouths.

"Ready to become mines yet Adal." He said with a purred.

Cross nodded no as he didn't trust his throat or voice at all. Eythil glared at him. As he gripped his throat and squeezed it hard.

"You gonna be mines if you wanted it or not." He said.

This was a promise he was planning on keeping. Cross would be always his even in death. He should have killed Marigold but he wanted Cross to have he always wanted with Marigold and that was it.

Oh well that was then and this NOW.


'They say, be afraid



You're not like the others'


Eythil pushed his pink hair out of his eyes. As he getting dressed. He looked over to see Cross.

Cross was covered in sheets of sweats all over his body. His mouth was hanging open with his tongue slightly sticking out. His hand was still nailed up behind his head. He lost a lot of blood.

Eythil chuckled darkly as he finished getting dressed.

"Ole Cross? I just went easy on you today but next time if you do that again. I won't hold myself back. See you next year." He said.

Eythil left Cross's house through the front door. Leaving no trail of himself as he blend into the wind.

Cross couldn't cry anymore it was pointless now. Since he gave himself to him out of fear.

He could the sheet was covered in blood from his ordeal. This is the part he hate most. Letting his daughter see him like this. This made him feel less like a man.

Ira did came home early tonight since her friends was getting ready for their holidays. She notice the door was open and which she found it hard to believe.

Her father always locked the door no matter what.

Ira quickly went inside. Calling her father out.

"Daddy!"

Cross yelled back with an answered. Ira quickly went inside and find her father in such a state. She started to cry. Cross sadly smiled.

"You know what to do." He said softly.

Ira nodded as she quickly unnailed him from the wall. And quickly get the supplies that she needs. She began to cleanse his wounds and stay quiet. She knew her father needed to think and among others things. She left the room for him to clean the other wounds that he wouldn't dare to see. She promise herself she would get Mary to finished treating him.

As she stand behind the door and quiet asked him that simple question.

"Why?"

Cross sigh as he slowly lit a cigarette.

"Because of my fear for him."

Ira chew on her bottom lips. She swear mercy to the heavens she would kill him by her own two hands even means her death.

On the other side of the door. Cross chuckle to himself sadly. As he was blaming himself for this stupid mess he made. As tears was streaming down his face.

"Look at that? He finally broke me down." He whispered to himself. As he touch his tears.

Ironic that he can still cry when he don't need to cry. What sad moment he lived in.







Eythil didn't want waste his time. He just wanted to talk but he remember seeing Cross leaving with that young fellow and see them having sex. That made him angry. He was seeing blood.







He toss Cross on the bed and jumped on top of him. As he get to see Cross's hair grew longer and to shade of perfect gold. He reached down and softly touch it before plucking one from his head. Cross groan in pain. He was slowly waken up.







"I need to wake you up huh?" He said to himself.







Eythil lean over and nailed Cross hands over his head. Cross held in the scream as a streams of tears was coming down his face.







"You good for nothing bitch! Why did you slept with him!" He yelled.







Cross kept his mouth closed. And doesn't want to say anything. If he did anything could happened. Eythil's eyes darken in anger. Since Cross wanted to play games he can play too.







He finally notice Cross was naked and he wanted make squirm. He lean over and kisses his neck down to his shoulder blade before sinking his shark like teeth down into his shoulder blade ripping off his flesh.







Cross choked as he tries to kicked him off. But Eythil was much heavier than he looked.







"I finally going to make you mines, you fucking bastard." Warned Eythil.










'You came from a different dimensions.







They won't understand us.'










Eythil kisses him all over his body and leaving bite marks on his body. Marking him and making sure if anybody sees it they would know who he belong too.







The blood was running down Cross's arms. To