his legs and infringing onto Deku’s side, laying them on his thighs. He’s petty, so what.



Midoriya stills, stood up abruptly and spilling Bakugou’s legs onto the floor. “What the fuck shitty nerd-”



It’s the shaky Bambi eyes that tip Bakugou off. Midoriya utters some lame excuse and scurries off.



On TV, the news anchor replay Midoriya’s battle with the villain. Bakugou listens with one ear, eyes plastered on Midoriya’s retreat. He calms, knowing whatever’s keeping Deku’s mouth shut is steadily chipping at his fake composure.



He would find out what’s eating Midoriya eventually.



.




It’ll disappear one day,

 the quirk holder had told him, but his smile slips and his eyes waver. When he looks into Deku, it’s with pity. You just gotta...mutually love each other to stop seeing the strings.



Unable to support himself on shaky feet, Midoriya hunches by toilet.



Midoriya had never felt as much distance as they do now, despite living feet away from one another for two years. How do you get together, Midoriya ponders, when nothing separate you but your mind?



 



 



-



 



 



The TV’s running in the background. Bakugou’s rifling through the fridge, fresh off the shower with a towel slung over his neck catching drops of water from his hair while Midoriya sorts the laundry. Midoriya emerges from Bakugou’s room when Bakugou presents the fridge to him. A carton of milk is lazily snagged between his teeth. Midoriya breathes and mentally reminds his libido that he still has the red string of fate issue to settle. Lust aside, he hadn’t reconciled with his feelings nor Bakugou’s feelings, to be distracted by licentious things.



The heat broiling in his stomach turns to uncomfortable churning because he has yet to made any headway with his feelings and thoughts.



He’s shifting on his feet and closing the fridge closed when he looks at Midoriya, “We gotta do grocery shopping.” Come with me, his bored expression implies.



.



Nightfall blankets the city and Midoriya’s steadily drowning in the quicksand that are his ruminations. They’re fated together, the string on his finger tells him. The thread, though fine as a spider web, weighs his finger down and tugs insistently on his mind.




But Kacchan hates me,

 Midoriya broods, he’ll hate the idea of us being fated even more.



His eyes slide to Bakugou’s hands, where the thread is knotted as unyieldingly as the concrete beneath their feet. Bakugou’s voice plays in his head, You don’t even know what I feel shitty nerd. And Midoriya couldn’t contain the swell of his tears anymore because his thoughts has been running in circles and he’s frustrated-



They're in public when Midoriya cried, fat drops sliding down his cheeks. "There's something wrong with me." 




No shit,

 Bakugou breathes, ushering them to a quieter corner. Midoriya's hiccuping, his hands furiously scrubbing his eyes dry only to make them bloom a deeper red. He holds his hand up to Bakugou's fairly blank expression and confesses. "I can see strings of fate. They're red and we're soul mates," Midoriya rushes in a breath. He's crumpling like fallen autumn leaves by their feet, squatting on the pavement, head buried in a ring of his own arms. Bakugou doesn’t need to see that the tears are overflowing on Midoriya’s cheeks.



"I-" he's taking wet, gasping breaths- "I don't know what to feel but Kacchan must hate it. Hate this. Hate me. Now that you know, Kacchan, you-you'll go away from me and I can't take that."



The dumb self-induced stress broke Midoriya and Bakugou gnashes his teeth, feral. Deku has never faltered despite his insults, was never shaken even with indomitable villains, has never wavered from broken bones; whole through it all. Deku this past day is glass shards sloppily pieced together, fine lines cutting deeper with each inane notions he’d stewed in.



"What the fuck."



Hauling Midoriya by his collar, Bakugou growls. "If I hated you, I'd never have shared an apartment with you for two years. Don't go assuming shit." He'd known, sharing quiet dinners over the dining table and staring at his freshly laundered clothes neatly deposited on his bed, that he'd stay with Deku forever. It's so different from his life back home, shouting through bathrooms and slamming doors. Here, it’s quiet and soft, rarely intrusive. Midoriya knows he’s still in-control, sees pass the behaviour everyone else assumed to be brashness and hotheadedness.



Bakugou sees pass Midoriya’s cowering and knows he’s steel underneath, knows he’s not as well put-together as Midoriya hopes to show.



They’re real; living together without the needless frills and ruffles that Midoriya’s late night hero dramas seem to revolve around