to do with the mate-bond thing.

Stiles kind of feels bad, since it's obvious that Derek needs the closeness. His heart is still pounding, his breathing is uneven and shallow, and the smell of fear and anger is almost enough to cover up the earth-baking-tea smell that Stiles has come to associate with him. Has come to expect from him. Okay, has come to want.

All up in his business, if you know what he means.

"How come you smell like tea?" Stiles asks, when they're halfway up the driveway. Right as the front door opens and Scott comes barreling out. Damn it.

"Wha—?" Derek asks. Stiles manages to avoid Scott when he tries to tackle him in a hug, sidestepping into Derek's chest, but isn't so lucky with Lydia. She's just suddenly wrapped around him, and then Danny is there, and Allison, and then Scott manages to pick himself up from the ground, and then, Jackson, who never left for his exam proctoring thing, because he doesn't smell like college.

Stiles sighs, knowing that this really isn't about him per say. They're not particularly ecstatic and touchy because he's alive and in one piece, although he likes to think that their sudden group hug is at least partly because of that. No, they need comfort; they need to know that they're all right. That the pack is still there. And apparently the most obvious way to do that is to attack-hug him in the driveway.

Stupid magic pack bonds.

"I'm sorry," Scott whispers, and Stiles is momentarily stunned because Scott is definitely crying. Or sniffling. Sniffle-crying. But, come on, the driveway is not the place to have an emotional breakdown. "I'll never get drunk aga—you." Scott breaks off when he catches sight of Park.

Stiles manages to untangle himself from everyone as they all turn to her, growling, claws out, eyes glowing and narrowed.

"Calm down, asshats," he sighs, because this is not the place for confrontations, either. "We're not doing this out here."

And then he turns and walks — limps - through the open front door, because if they're going to do this (and they are), he's going to be wearing clothes that are more fabric than hole. He makes a beeline for the stairs, and groans as he, slowly, starts to pull himself up.

He feels like a human. All achy and injured, and that just sucks.

"I don't smell like tea, I don't think," Derek suddenly says from right next to him, and Stiles has to grab the railing with both hands to keep from flailing backwards.

"What?" Stiles asks, blinking as Derek puts a hand out to steady him.

"Tea. You said I smell like tea." Derek gestures with his thumb towards downstairs. Stiles blinks again, slowly.

"You do smell like tea. Like really good earthy tea. Maybe oolong. Or barley. Or genmaicha." Stiles leans closer, sniffs Derek's shoulder. "And you smell like…like baking bread. And the forest. Pine and dirt and how grass smells right after it's mowed." Stiles smiles. "I think it's a mate thing."

He turns, continuing his trek up the stairs. Derek is silent, following him with what definitely looks like…contentment on his face. It's a cute look on him.

Then again, everything is a cute look on him.

In his room, Stiles goes over and starts rifling through his drawers, looking for pants and a t-shirt that are loose enough that they won't be destroyed if he goes alpha, and Derek sits on his bed.

"I don't think my jeans will fit you, dude. But I do have pajama bottoms. Elastic waistband and all." He holds up a pair of said pants, a faded blue plaid.

"Laura brought me a change of clothes when she came," Derek says absently. "I should probably go get them."

"Yeah, cool." Stiles goes back to his drawers, picks out a pair of jeans and a tee, then just looks down at them. He sighs. "I'm probably going to rip these, too. The next time douche-witch decides she needs to do something witchy. I'd really prefer not to, ya know?"

"You smell like coffee," Derek suddenly blurts out. Stiles turns to look at him, raising an eyebrow.

"Coffee, huh?"

"How the beans smell, when you take a handful and hold them up to your nose. Earth and…and coffee. And caramel. Rich and smooth. And you smell like old books—"

"Oooh, that's a good one." Stiles leans against the wall, nodding. "Love old book smell, man."

"Yeah. And wood. Sawdust wood. Something sweet