won't," says Iron Bull, which is true. Trevelyan has no interest in using a sword for judgement; she's the reason Alexius is still alive and confined to the prison. "She doesn't kill, unless she has to. You think those jail cells could hold me?"

They can't. Dorian has seen Iron Bull break swords and crush throats with his bare hands.

"And Krem," Iron Bull continues, his throat working horribly, "won't. I know he can't."

"But you think I can," says Dorian faintly. He doesn't know what he's done to make Bull think he's capable of this.

Iron Bull rests his elbows on his knees, linking his fingers together. He leans forward, his eye fixed on Dorian's face. "You know the dangers of a Tal-Vashoth more than anyone else here."

"So does Krem," Dorian argues. He wants to straighten or get up and pace, but he can't move. His arms are dead weight, pinning him to the chair. "We both grew up hearing horror stories about crazed giants. Why—"

"You're the only one I trust to do this."

Trust. Is that what this is? It feels more like a betrayal of whatever has been growing between them since Dorian went to accept Iron Bull's offer, whisky on his tongue and anticipation prickling over his skin.

"No," says Dorian, shaking his head. Iron Bull's face crumples. "Oh, don't do that. Do you think you can guilt me into—" Killing you, but he can't say it. Saying it aloud will make it real. "—this? What is wrong with you?"

"Too much shit to count," says Iron Bull, and there should be a chuckle afterwards. There isn't.

Silence rings sharply in Dorian's ears. He stares at Iron Bull, refusing to look anywhere else, and demands to know why.

"Sera is too soft-hearted to kill me," says Iron Bull. His eye looks empty, and his voice is terribly calm. "Varric isn't, but that crossbow is slow to reload, and I'd survive as many bolts as it takes to reach him. Cole could try, but he's small. I can break his neck, easy. Viv would make the mistake of getting too close, thinking her blade can match mine. Same with the boss, only she'd try to capture me alive, so she'd be more reluctant to—"

"Stop," says Dorian, his stomach rolling, but Iron Bull ignores him.

"—get a solid hit on me. Solas would try to keep me contained, and he'd tire himself out long before he could take me down. Blackwall and Cassandra might last a little longer, but they'd be on the defensive for too long. And Cassandra always leaves her left side open when she's tired—"

"Stop," says Dorian, shoving himself out of his chair. Mercifully, Iron Bull shuts his mouth. An appalling sort of curiosity outweighs the churning in Dorian's belly, so he asks, "And—and me?"

A crooked smile spreads over Iron Bull's face. It looks more like a grimace.

"You'd keep a good distance," says Iron Bull, "and burn me to ash before I got too close."

Panicked, Dorian laughs. It's a hollow sound, too light on his tongue, and he can feel more brimming in his chest. He staggers forward, fumbling at Bull's chest and shoulders.

"You are a fool," says Dorian. His voice is shaking. His hands are, too, but Bull touches his wrists and guides them to his cheeks. Stubble scratches against his palms. "That's not going to happen."

There are qunari who have left the Qun. Dorian doesn't understand why Iron Bull would be any different.

Iron Bull shakes his head and draws Dorian closer, pressing their foreheads together. "Please, Dorian—"

"Fine," Dorian snaps. He won't—he can't—but if this is something that Bull needs to hear, he'll say it. "Fine. But it's not going to happen."

Before Iron Bull can reply, Dorian kisses him. It is impossible to convey what he means in a single kiss, and he doubts Bull will accept any more words, but this is something he can give. Bull makes a small sound, and his hands tighten on Dorian's wrists. Something heavy swells in Dorian's throat.

"It might," Iron Bull murmurs against his mouth. Dorian's chest hurts, aching with a phantom pain. "It might, and you—"

"Will worry about that deplorable fucking bridge when we come across it."

Iron Bull nods and turns, kissing his palm. Something cracks behind Dorian's ribs.

"Why don't you stay?" Dorian blurts out. He