them a-at the house tonight. N-Not with Dean-" You were cut off with a son coming from your throat.

Sam pulled you into a hug, Annie was behind him now. They had moved in together in Sam's place.

"What did he do Y/N." 

You sniffled, "W-We were fighting and I guess we were loud. H-He punched t-the wall next t-to my head. Mason heard it all, he was crying, the babies were crying. I-I just want them away from Dean so they don't have to hear u-us."

"We can watch them."

You pulled back from Sam, "Thank you."

When the kids were all set up at Sam's Annie and Sam pulled you into a hug.

"Are you sure you don't want me to come back with you? I can keep my dumbass of a brother in line if he tries anything."

You laughed, but it was a sad kind of laugh, "Thanks Sam but no. I'll be fine. Thank you guys again."

You got in your car and left.

~~~~~~~~

When you got home you walked straight pass Dean and slammed the bedroom door, locking it.

You got underneath the covers and cried, curled up with Teddy.

Dean walked to the door and rested his head against the door, he heard you crying. 

He knew you wouldn't listen to him right now so he sighed and went downstairs, going to his bed for the night. 

He dreamt of your cries, hurting his heart.

So much hurt in one chapter I know. I'm sorry.

Dean was shocked awake by your scream.

"Y/N!"

Dean ran up the stairs, towards the bedroom.

Your screams got louder.

"Dean! Help me! HELP ME DEAN! Don't fucking touch me! LET ME GO! PLEASE! DEAN!"

When Dean got to the door your screams were muffled, he tried the door and it was locked. 

He kicked the door open and went into hunter mode seeing the guy.

There was someone holding you around your throat, covering your mouth.

Dean growled, "Let her go. Right now." 

The guy banged your head against the dresser, only hard enough to knock you out. You fell limp in the man's arms.

Dean growled, "You're going to pay for that."

The guy threw you on the bed and attacked Dean.

The guy lit up blue and held Dean's face in his head, making Dean lose consciousness.

The guy dropped Dean and pulled you in his arms, taking you.

~~~~~~~~

When Dean became conscious he groaned. The first thing he notice was Teddy lying by him. He checked the dogs pulse and let out a sigh, breathing. Slow, but alive. 

He knew already that You weren't here. You were the things main purpose. 

Dean screamed.

Dean grabbed a blanket and picked up the puppy, wrapping it.

He would go get Sam and then take the dog to the vet.

Dean laid the dog on the middle seat of the impala. Setting things on the ground to make sure he wouldn't fall.

~~~~~~~~

Dean got out of the car and stalked up to Sam's door when he got there, pounding on the door.

Sam's annoyed face appeared in front of him, "What the fuck Dean. It's 3 in the fucking morning. What the fuck do you want, Y/N kick you out for trying to hit her again?"

So you had told them.

"No. Y/N's been kidnapped."

Sam's face turned serious, "What. By who?"

Dean shook his head, "Not who. What. A Djinn."

Sam's face scrunched up, "A Djinn? Why is it here of all places?"

"I don't know Sammy but I need your help. Please. I need to get her back, I need to say sorry."

Sam nodded, "I'll help, for Y/N. Not for you, you're a real asshole you know that? You made Mason cry, Y/N cry. What the fuck Dean?"

Dean nodded, "I know. I've been a dickbag. That's why I need to apologize. C'mon I need to get Teddy to a vet, bastard knocked him out. He's breathing slow."

"Sam? Who's at the door?" Annie came around and when she saw Dean she got angry.

"I should punch you in the face Dean Winchester! Almost hitting Y/N, making your kids all upset! What the fuck is wrong with you!" Annie came up and she was about to take a swing at him but Sam stopped her.

"Annie. Stop. He deserves it I know but we have bigger issues. Y/N was taken by a Djinn. I need to go help him find her. Watch the kids, I'll be back."