she says. “I’m sure the boys would love another chance, but the faster we try the new approach, the sooner we can see if it’s flawed. We don’t have time for a recovery.”

"Well, you’re both very reckless. I’m sure you’re be great co-pilots together," Stark grumbles.

"Just build the robot already, Howard," Peggy tells him.


April 2015, Vancouver


Drifting with Maria is always an experience that makes Peggy incredibly exhausted; it’s likely the process itself. After all, drifting requires the consent of both parties to allow the other entirely into their brain. All of their past actions, good and bad, are laid bare.

In Maria, Peggy sees all the seeds of what Howard calls “recklessness,” but have in fact been a lifetime of not hesitating to do what needs to be done, regardless of the personal cost and the many obstacles that have stood in her way. This is a reflection of who Peggy is, but the drift lets them both see their differences. Differences that are so numerous - Maria’s desire for the limelight that drove her for a career as a pilot is reflected in her love of parties and neither are qualities that Peggy shares. Within the drift, Peggy can see that Maria and Howard have much in common. Even Lorraine and Maria have a good deal in common.

But it is the details that make Maria and Peggy work well as a team, and it is that teamwork that allows them - and The Iron Agent - to stand triumphantly over the dead body of a Kaiju at the end of The Fifth Attack.


July 2015, Hong Kong


Phillips has admitted that the Jaeger program may no longer be a “goddamn waste of resources,” but he complains still about the compatibility nature of the project. When Peggy visits him, he is overseeing the construction of the first of what will be seven Shatterdomes, and the days of meeting in cramped quarters are over, but he still finds cause to worry about the future of the program. The lunch they share is larger and more excessive than the ones they shared in Australia or Alaska. The budget is there, and somehow, miraculously, so is the food.

Their lunch table, however, is very crowded, full of architectural plans, contracts, and angry printed emails from ambassadors around the world.

"Not only do we have to round up some decent pilots, we have to train them, because god knows the Kaiju bastards have eliminated most of the actual decent pilots on the planet," Phillips complains.

"Training has always been an important part of military’s efforts," Peggy argues back, because the Jaeger program is the future. It is successful, even if it still feels … unfinished. She has faith in this program, and she will argue against even Phillips. "Besides, finding someone who is drift compatible isn’t that difficult."

Phillips looks up from the architect’s plans to glare at her over his glasses. “Look, Miss Superstar Pilot, just because you’ve been able to drift with Jones, Lorraine, and Carbonell does not mean that everyone has the same luck. Most people get thrown out of the drift far more often than you do.”

Peggy’s only been thrown once, and that was when she and Dugan attempt to drift. She knows that a disastrous drift can be painful - the headache had lasted for days - but she also wonders if people over-sell the idea of being “drift compatible.” To hear Stark and Erskine tell it, being drift compatible with your partner is just this close to being a soulmate, and Peggy certainly hasn’t felt that way with any of her co-pilots.

Maybe if people just buckled down and got the job done and quit worrying so much about some fairytale soulmate bond, they’d have greater success at drifting.

"Maybe people forget we’re fighting a war and not reading a storybook," she retorts.

Phillips glares and when that doesn’t work, he rolls his eyes. “In any case, Erskine is working on fixing the problem with drift compatibility. He’ got a serum that he says will make a person able to drift with anybody.”

"That sounds incredible," Peggy says diplomatically. "Does it work?"

"Don’t know yet. We’re still sorting through the test subjects. Erskine’s got his heart set on Rogers. Which is ridiculous, but it’s his serum, and I can’t talk him out of it."

"Is Rogers not a good choice?" Peggy asks. She trusts Erskine’s judgment; he has sat beside her in Alaska and told her of his wife, of his children, of the grandchildren who he will never get the chance to know because they will never be born.

"He’s outside with Erskine, failing more tests," Phillips says with a sigh, before turning his gaze back towards the plans. "Why don’t you go introduce yourself?"

Peggy leaves him to his complaints and his duties, and goes outside to find Erskine and