 “You know how every now and then your plan for the day just goes perfectly? Everything goes according to plan?” Teshima muttered looking around the empty flat. “I am not having one of those days.”

 The day had started fine, Teshima had gotten up on time, made breakfast fro himself and Aoyagi, gotten to work ten minutes early, and that’s about where everything started falling apart. A meeting he’d been sure wasn’t until next week was right after his shift started and he wasn’t ready and the five minutes he had to scramble weren’t really enough to adequately prepare himself so it had gone rather poorly. Then he’d spent the afternoon prepping things for the meeting that was tomorrow but without the morning he’d ended up having to stay quite late for finish all the prep work. So by the time he got home he knew Aoyagi would be upset because he’d missed dinner but he was even more upset because the sudden meeting had also thrown it out of Teshima’s head that they’d had lunch plans. Then they’d argued and Aoyagi had gone to Naruko’s for reasons he refused to share with Teshima and Teshima just wanted the day to end up he hated ending days on a bad note with Aoyagi. He was still staring at the ceiling and contemplating his life when his phone buzzed. He looked at it immediately hoping it was from Aoyagi, no such luck on that, it appeared to be from Imaizumi of all people.

 [Make up with your boyfriend, he might be quiet but Naruko is not especially  when Aoyagi is here and upset.] 

 [I tried, he doesn’t want to talk to me right now.] Teshima sighed and sent the message rubbing at his temples. His phone buzzed seconds later 

 [I  don’t care. I was sleeping but now there are two small and irate sprinters in the living room and it’s your fault. Fix it.] 

Teshima stared at his phone for a moment before flipping over to the messages between he and Aoyagi. [I’m sorry please come home.] 

After what seemed like an eternity Teshima’s phone buzzed. [!] 

 [I know, I’m sorry. Work didn’t go well today and I totally forgot about lunch but I should have told you I wasn’t going to be  home on time.]

[…]

[I wont forget tomorrow I promise. Please just come home.]

[!!]

[Yeah we should eat at least one meal together, I’ll start cooking.]

When Aoyagi got home he greeted Teshima by wrapping his arms around his waist, Teshima had been humming while he cooked and hadn’t heard Aoyagi come in. He smiled softly turning to look down at him. “I’m sorry, I love you.”

 Aoyagi hummed smiling, first at the food on the stove then at him. You made my favourite. “Thank you Junta.”

 Teshima smiled pressing a soft kiss to Aoyagi’s head before going back to cooking. Aoyagi parted from him to set the table. It was late for dinner but Teshima was happy anyway. He really didn’t like missing spending time with Aoyagi. That was never part of the plan.