heart quickening with anger. His playful smirk only proved to make me angrier.

“IM NOT GRUMPY!!!!!!!” I shouted and stood up abruptly and began pacing the room, shooting daggers at John.

“I’m just fucking stressed, okay?” John raised his arms up in defeat,

“Sorry! I was just trying to make a joke!” I rolled my eyes, Gog I hope he didn’t start his whole pranking thing again. I kind of liked that that part of him was gone.

“Well I don’t find it very fucking funny. Jegus, what time is it anyway?” I said, quickly changing the subject and looking at the clock on the wall. John shrugged his shoulders and stood up, walking over to stand next to me.

“dunno. I don’t know if time works different here.” I observed him out of the corner of my eye as he took in his surroundings. He was about the same height as me, and his jet-black hair seemed to frame his face perfectly, although it was sticking up in all odds and ends. His pink lips were pulled down into a contemplating frown, tiny buck teeth poking out slightly. His glasses were cracked in the frame a bit, but enlarged his eyes to make him look like he was always staring wide-eyed at you. I bit my bottom lip and looked away, because fuck, he was adorable.

“You wouldn’t happen to remember if you had a recouperacon, would you?” John looked at me funny before shaking his head.

“No, I always just slept in the blankets….sorry.” I shook my head to wave him off and headed back towards the living room and plopping down on the couch.

“It’s no big deal; I’ll just sleep down here.” Outwardly, I was cool and collected. No slime to sleep in? Whatever, no rush. Inwardly, however, I was panicking. I had bad dreams, horrible dreams. And that was with the spoor to calm my sleep-induced think-pan. What the hell would it be like without it? Would I wake up screaming? Would I terrify John? How was I going to handle that?!

“What?! I can’t let my one and only guest sleep on the couch!!!!! What kind of a host would I be then?!” John asked in what I hoped was mock shock. I rolled my eyes and glared at him.

“You’re not a very good one anyways. It might even bring up your standards a bit if you ask me.” I say, kicking my feet up onto the other side of the couch. John huffed and walked around so that he was standing right in front of me, arms crossed over his chest and a look of determination on his face.

“No. I refuse to let you rest on such horrible accommodations!” I sighed and stood up, now level with him. What other choice did he fucking have? I felt myself getting slightly irritated with his think-pan games. I didn’t thoroughly fucking enjoy being messed around with.

“And where the hell else am I supposed to fucking sleep, genius?! Unless you have some hidden bedroom, you haven’t got anywhere else so just shut the hell up!” John’s face squished up and his frown deepened. He leaned forward so we were nose to nose, both of us slightly seething with our doggedness.

“You can sleep in the blanket pile, can’t you? Or have you an allergy to fluffy pillows?” John’s brows furrowed together and his eyes narrowed, daring me to answer him. Gog damn it! He was making me so pissed off!!! I bared my teeth and snapped at him.

“And just where the fuck are you going to sleep, dipshit?!” I growled out, backing up. I was so done with his bullshit. No way was he going to be pushing me around, I would fucking OWN this gogdamned battle!

“I’ll sleep in the blanket pile to! Duh!” John opened his arms up to me with a look of complete and utter incompetence on his face, as if the words I had just spoke were the dumbest thing he had ever heard. But I think the words I heard come out of his mouth…oh fuck his MOUTH. Shut up Karkat. Shut the ever loving fuck UP. Was he implying what I thought he was implying? Was he expecting me to sleep in the blanket pile….with him? I felt my cheeks heat up of their own accord, and knew that the horrid red was peeking through my grey skin. I think what John had said had really started to sink in for him too, because his cheeks were slowly deepening in color and he turned away from me to try and hide it.

“Well. I didn’t know it was so fucking obvious. But I am dead fucking tired. Would it please your hostess-ass to grant me the pleasure of going to sleep?” I asked drily, trying to mask the surprise and enthusiasm in my voice. John