. "Just listen. Don't take this personal, and don't tell anyone I told you about this. I still fucking hate you..."

"Mhm."

"...and if it were up to me I'd fucking kill you..."

"Mhm."

"But.... thank you."

Max was a bit questioning. She would've thought she'd just not listen to him at all. "You're welcome...? I don't understand what you're trying to pull here."

"Just go the fuck to sleep. You don't need to understand."

"Sure, you too. I don't need to understand." He closed the door. He needed to understand. He thought Gwen would be the type of person to just leave it back at the canoe. Well, for now, it was beyond his understanding and for his caring. He was tired. He headed back to his cabin to fall asleep.

Gwen stayed up a bit longer, just thinking. She eventually went to bed, and a quick smut fanfiction of Yuri On Ice ended her night off.

 

Gwen goes to the bank to get a business loan. Things don't go as planned.

Here's your fucking chapter. I'm going to make a JoJo fanfic that's E for Everyone because it's going to be a fucking JoJoke.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

"So, Gretchen, that's your name, right?"

"This was off to a great fucking start", Gwen thought. "I forgot to take my pills, I'm late to this meeting and they already butcher my fucking name. Just play it cool Gwen.  You look like a BAD BITCH. Damn, Harrison knows how to do hair and dress. I should've taken theater camp when I was younger..." She cleared her throat, putting on her "fake smile." "It's Gwendolyn, sir."

She looked pretty good. Harrison and Dolf dressed her up that morning- she was wearing the typical blue business suit and skirt and her black purse was around her shoulder. She had black stockings and brown heels, and her hair was done.

"Alright, Gina. I'll be taking a look at your folder." The representative's started to sort through the folder Gwen- it was her business loan application.

Gwen's thoughts were shooting more shade than a teenage girl who has no understanding of the meaning of "chill." "Absolutely fucking great. Might as well should've gotten used to it- how the fuck is Gwen even hard to pronounce? It's a ONE FUCKING SYLLABLE WORD!" She kept her smile though. She couldn't let that crack. She was already freaking out a bit. She should've taken her pills, dammit.

"Alright. So, Gwendolyn-" Gwen's mind must've cleared for that time and she sighed in relief. Finally. "-you work at a summer camp, am I correct?" The representative she was talking to had a bit of skepticism in his tone, and Gwen was expecting it.

"Well, you know, it's just something to do for the summer. Gotta help the kids, you know?" Gwen's dignity broke.

Her thoughts went rambling again. "Jesus fucking christ, that was a terrible excuse."

"Alright. You work at the summer camp which goes by the name Camp Campbell, and your employer is... Cameron Campbell? I've seen a few of his records, and it seems like he's..." The representative went back to his file drawer and looked at the folder for Mr. Campbell. "Let's see- Cameron Campbell. In debt of over thirty million dollars, imprisoned, has been a debt holder for 10 years and has negative credit...? Is that even possible."

"If this fucker is the reason why I can't get this loan, when he gets out of Super Guantanamo, I will fucking castrate him," Gwen thought. Her smile was breaking and she was noticeably sweating. She just needed to keep her cool until this whole meeting was over with- she'd get the money and hurry and take Max's idea. Thinking of that piece of shit made her even angrier.

"Well, you know," Gwen started, "The employee doesn't directly reflect his employee, and this meeting has nothing to do with him, sir." She felt like that should do it.

"To correct you, the employee reflects his boss-" Gwen's dignity went down ever further, and shit, did she repeat employee?! "-However, you are correct. My apologies for getting off track and talking about your boss. Lemme looking through your files, Ginny."

"Oh, for FUCK'S sake! Gwen and Ginny doesn't even sound remotely alike!" Gwen's mind was erupting. She just needed to her keep her cool. Yea, her cool.

The representative went back to his file drawer and started looking for Ginny. "Let's see...