. Ever since he'd become human, he'd started training with the Winchesters. Knew he was faster than either Sam or Dean, knew he could run for longer distances, he was lighter and quicker on his feet. He'd have to do it.

Cas counted to ten in his head, dove for the shotgun and, through the window, saw the Croat bolt into action as well. Cas' fingers wrapped around the shotgun. As soon as he felt the cool metal of the barrel against his palm, he was turning and sprinting down the street, the Croat right behind him.

He could hear the sounds of more Croats joining in on the chase, brought in by the sounds, the excitement of the chase, and the possibility of something to tear into. Fresh meat. Cas didn't dare turn to look over his shoulder, though; there was always the strong possibility of tripping or stumbling. If anything like that happened right now, Cas would be done for.

The hotel came into view, but Castiel kept running. He did, however, turn and aim the shotgun into the growing mob chasing after him. He hoped the resounding blast would alert Dean and Sam to his predicament and not drag even more Croats out of hiding to find him.

He just needed a safe place to stash himself until they got bored or distracted. Or until Dean and Sam killed them.

Cas was a little annoyed at how much he was depending on Dean and Sam in this situation. He had been an angel for crying out loud. Strategy was his thing; finding things, working things out: that was what he was good at. What he had been good at. He should be able to figure this out and work it out himself, even if there were more Croats than he had bullets chasing after him.

He'd be able to figure something out. He still had his jacket clutched in his hands. If he managed to hang on to it, he'd be able to out-wait them even if he was outside. It wasn't winter yet; the early autumn nights weren't that cold yet. He'd be able to do this.

He just had to find a place first.

Cas' vague concentration was broken when he heard a shouted "Cas!" from somewhere behind him. Probably from the hotel. It did sound a lot like Dean's voice shouting at him. Of course it would be Dean.

It was always Dean.

"Cas!" That voice sounded like Sam. Didn't they realize he couldn't come to them? Didn't they realize he had a mob of Croats chasing after him? He ignored their shouts and continued running down the street, trying to ignore the panted breaths of the diseased behind him.

There were houses and cars he could run to, but he also knew that was just asking for being backed into a corner and being ripped apart. Which Cas had already established as being bad thank you very much.

Cas spotted a few telephone poles that were still standing. He could make out the little handholds the repairmen climbed jutting out from the sides in the growing darkness. There was a car situated underneath one of them; if he was feeling suicidal enough he'd be able to grab hold of the lowest rung and pull himself up. He chanced a glance behind him and figured he had enough distance built up between him and the mob to work his way on top of the car and climb up the pole. He'd have to lose his jacket or shotgun though, as he would need both hands.

He dropped the shotgun as he leapt up onto the hood of the car and nearly lost his balance on the slippery windshield. He made it up to the roof when three Croats body slammed into the vehicle, rocking it on its wheels. Cas lunged for the closest rung and grabbed hold of it, hauling himself up and kicking out when he felt fingers grabbing at the hem of his jeans.

Cas climbed up the pole until he was a little more than halfway up. He hoped the Croats didn't figure out how to climb. He had high hopes for their continued stupidity, as flimsy chain link fences kept them locked in a city.

Cas managed to pull on his jacket without dropping anything and managed to get himself into a semi-comfortable position. Judging from how the Croats were gathering around the base of the pole, moonlight reflecting in their hate filled eyes, it was going to be a long night.

Dean didn't know if he should be annoyed, worried or just pissed.

Of course Cas would manage to attract a mob of Croats going out to get his damn pills. Cas had a knack for attracting every pissed off supernatural being within a ten mile radius.

After hearing the sound of shotgun going off and seeing Cas sprinting down the street, Dean and Sam had gathered up their things, loaded up the Impala and headed out. Before they could leave, though, they had to find Cas. Which shouldn't be too hard as he'd snagged the attention of all the