him. Mycroft puts a broad hand across Jim’s back and holds him down, though he is heaving, his face pressed into the tile floor. His jeans are too tight to shove down with one hand, but then Jim reads Mycroft’s mind and cants his hips up, just enough for Mycroft to reach around an undo his button and fly. Mycroft pulls down the jeans just to Jim’s knees. Jim is not wearing pants. Mycroft bends and bites at the curve of Jim’s bare ass, too hard. Jim yelps.

Mycroft wants to just shove inside of Jim, to be the barbarian Jim accuses him of, but instead he spits on his finger and pushes it into Jim’s hole. He instantly regrets his courtesy, because not only is Jim already loose and slick, when Mycroft pulls his finger out, the unmistakable sticky whiteness of another man’s semen clings to him.

“It’s been a busy day,” Jim says in response to Mycroft’s pause. His voice is gravel from the choking.

Mycroft opens his trousers and abandons his shreds of decency. He fucks into Jim without care, without restraint, without thought, and the empty, blinding pleasure makes him gasp and stutter. He fucks Jim as hard as his body can manage, like an animal, using him, like there is even a chance he can break him. Jim screams and Mycroft treasures each cry like gems of humanity. Jim yells Mycroft’s name, again, and then again, and Mycroft seizes and empties into Jim, the world spinning out into darkness, the sounds of his own shattering echoing in the empty, silent house.

When the world is clear again, Mycroft is on his back on the floor. Jim is naked, and sitting astride Mycroft’s chest. He’s stroking his cock thoughtfully, the red marks of arousal and strangulation occupying his bare chest. His cock is so close to Mycroft’s face, close enough that Mycroft can smell the sweat and pre-come and lake water.

“You fuck like you wish you hated it,” Jim says. “It’s the fucking hottest thing.” There’s already bruising around his neck. It’s going to blossom into something purple and ugly.

“You’re welcome,” Mycroft says.

Jim laughs like the maniac he is. He tips forward and presses his cock to Mycroft’s lips. Mycroft opens his mouth, lets his jaw go loose. Jim crawls over him until he looks like he might do a push-up, his cock nudging the back of Mycroft’s throat. Mycroft lets every muscle in his body go limp, lets every worry slip away, lets existence be meaningless.

Jim fucks his mouth with newfound stamina, and spews profanity blended with Mycroft’s name until he comes with a shout down Mycroft’s throat. Mycroft doesn’t even taste it.

They lie next to each other on the cold tile for a long time, breathing and not thinking.

“Welcome home, honey,” Jim finally says.

Mycroft cannot believe himself when he laughs. He can’t remember the last time he laughed, really laughed, with genuine amusement. He lets it warm his chest for ten seconds before he flags it as a sign of his ruin and files it away with the rest of his regret.

 

They take a shower together like they are normal.

“I’m glad you are at least amusing yourself sexually here,” Mycroft says, running a soaping hand along the cleft of Jim’s arse.

“Nobody satisfies me like you do, daddy,” Jim says. He has to stand on his tip toes to kiss Mycroft, but it doesn’t stop him from kissing filthy, like Mycroft is a singular and unique delicacy that he must devour for how decadent it tastes.

“I’m not as young as I used to be,” Mycroft says.

“That is how time works,” Jim says. Some of his edge is gone. He even seems a little sleepy, which Mycroft has never seen.

The mattress is not the one that Mycroft bought. It’s different, one of those wretched foam ones that is like sinking into a sand pit.

“You bought a sex mattress, and then stopped showing up to have sex,” Jim says. “This is better for my back.”

“You don’t have sex in this bed while I am away?”

“Why would I?” Jim says, like this is something obvious.

For a moment, Mycroft isn’t certain he can simply crawl into bed with Jim and fall asleep. It’s too intimate, too domestic. Last time he was here he’d gone downstairs and stared at the ceiling until morning. But Jim peels back the sheets and slips in, naked and damp. He seems earnestly tired, and there is an easiness in his smile as he beckons to Mycroft.

“Please don’t sleep on the couch. It makes me feel like the world’s ugliest prostitute.”

“Do you really care?” Mycroft asks.

“Don’t you want me to