to Wisconsin, Dean. Heard we might get snow tomorrow."

"That is fucked up. Tell me again why anybody lives here?"

Sam snorts again and tosses him a heavy bag. "I don't know, Dean. Easy access to farm animals?"

Dean makes a face as they tromp down the little fake-sidewalk to room five. "Dude, you've been Googling the wrong kind of porn. You need me to share the good stuff, just ask."

Sam doesn't even try to punch him, which means he really must be tired. They push open the door and Dean flicks on the light.

He almost wishes he hadn't.

Dean's not exactly the type to be fussy about interior design, but he's pretty sure their room is an affront to the eyes of man and God. The carpeting is that sort of burnt-orange color everyone was wild about in the Seventies, and if the numerous stains and bald patches are any indication, this is the original stuff.

The bedspread is brown-- dog-poop brown. It matches the fake wood paneling perfectly. What it doesn't match is the framed print of dairy cows in a green field right over the bed. Even the bedside lamp has a cow on it, molded in chipped, dirty porcelain at the base. It has big cartoon eyes and one missing horn.

"Doesn't anybody get tired of the cow-theme around here?" Dean asks plaintively, letting his duffel slip from his shoulder and onto the floor. Okay, he gets it, there's a freakin' farm right across the highway. Do they really need to decorate every available surface in cud-chewing ruminant animal?

Sam throws him another one of those hangdog I'm sorry looks, as if he's taking the blame for the shitty motel room even though it's the only thing they've passed since taking the long way around Milwaukee. He looks so guilty that Dean kind of wants to hit him-- anything to get that stupid look off his brother's face.

So he says, "Go take a shower, man. You smell like ass."

That wipes the look right off Sam's face, because there's no room for it when that priceless scowl rises up from the Sammy-depths. "You're not too lemony-fresh yourself, Dean."

"That's the smell of manliness there, Sam. I don't blame you for being overcome."

"Really? Anyone ever tell you your manliness smells like cow crap?" And before Dean can think up a witty rejoinder Sam is stomping off into the bathroom.

He just stares at the door for a minute. Then he calls, "I do not smell like cow crap!"

But he gives his shirt a sniff anyway, just to be sure.

 

***

 

The hot water runs out on Dean about halfway through his turn, and the soap smells like lavender, reminding him of old ladies and funeral homes. He has to admit, though, that it's an improvement over cow crap.

Sam has the TV on when he gets out, and is scrunched up at the foot of the bed. He's about to ask why when Sam reaches out to press a button, flipping the channel manually because apparently a remote control is just too modern fancy high-tech for this place.

He shakes his head. "Anything good on?"

"Yeah," Sam says, "if you really want to watch a man in blaze orange shoot at turkeys." He flips the channel again-- fuzz, fuzz, Andy Griffith rerun, fuzz.

"Great," says Dean, pulling on a pair of sweats. "Wonderful. Bet they don't have Pay-Per-View."

Sam screws up his face like a dog smelling something bad. "Even if they did, Dean, I'm so not watching it with you right there on the other side of the bed."

"Right." Dean balls up his towel, throws it into a corner, and sighs. "So, guess we better lay down the ground rules right now."

Sam just raises his eyebrows at him.

"One," Dean says, ticking off the points on his fingers, "no cover-hogging. Two, no going over the line."

"What line?"

"The treaty line," Dean says, drawing an invisible line down the center of the bed, right between the pillows. "Each man stays on his own damn side. No sprawling, no kicking, no unnecessary touching of any kind. We clear?"

"Crystal," Sam says, and now he looks amused.

Dean ignores the look. "Three, no snoring."

"That's kinda hard to help, Dean. Being that you're asleep when it happens, and all."

He waves a hand. "It needs to be said. Finally, most important rule of all: No farting under the covers."

Sam throws back his head and laughs. "Dude, that is gross."

"'Course it's gross, that's why