what other alphas and omegas do – I don’t like it. I also don’t like how you talk about a lot of things,” Baekhyun brought up, figuring now would be a perfect time to discuss everything that had been itching the back of his mind.

               “Like what?” Chanyeol snapped.

               “Like calling omegas whores,” Baekhyun said, his voice rising slightly. “If you didn’t notice – your own mate is an omega, and your mother is an omega. You shouldn’t be saying things like that when we’re two people who are supposed to mean something to you.” Chanyeol rolled his eyes in response. “You’re such an alpha supremacist, yet you guys wouldn’t be anywhere without your omegas,” Baekhyun huffed.

               “But you omegas were made to bare pups, that’s it – of course you aren’t as strong or important as us alphas,” Chanyeol countered.

               “That’s bullshit and you know it,” Baekhyun said, pointing up at Chanyeol’s face. “You’re also wicked obsessed with pups, you know that?”

               “What? I am not-”

               “Yeah you are!” Baekhyun yelled. “You get mad at Yifan all the time for being with Junmyeon even though they’re happy together. And you talk about the fact that omegas are just here to breed, yet you have sex with me all the time even when I’m not in heat! Where’s your logic in that if I’m just here to make pups?” Baekhyun fired at him. Chanyeol stared at him for a second, not seeming to be able to come up with an answer. “That’s what I thought,” Baekhyun huffed.

               “I thought you would want an alpha who did that though,” Chanyeol said eventually.

               “Did what? Got off by using my body every night?” Baekhyun glared.

               “No, showed that they like – I don’t know, care about you or something? You always seem so jealous of the omegas who get to pick their mates I figured you’d want a mate who showed that they love you?” Chanyeol questioned.

               “You don’t love me,” Baekhyun laughed. “Don’t even try to say you do.”

               “Yeah, but I figured I’d try to be like a mate who did,” Chanyeol shot back.

               “Sex isn’t how people always show their love, idiot,” Baekhyun muttered.

               “I’m trying okay?” Chanyeol said angrily. “Do you know how weird it is to be with a guy after a life of liking girls and being with girls? It’s super weird!”

               “Oh, boo hoo for you,” Baekhyun glared. “I wasn’t allowed to be with anyone while I was waiting for you.” Chanyeol fell silent at that. “So sorry that I don’t have tits and a vagina to satisfy you,” the omega snorted. They fell silent for several seconds, and in those Chanyeol shuffled so he was sitting in a more comfortable position against the hut wall, dragging Baekhyun against his chest. The smaller thought it was an oddly intimate position for the argument they were having.

               “Who would you have picked if you had gotten to?” Chanyeol asked after a moment.

               Baekhyun blinked for a moment, at first confused by the question and then by his own answer. “I have no idea,” he said honestly.

               “Do you like guys?” Chanyeol asked slowly.

               “I don’t know,” Baekhyun answered honestly again. “I never had any other choice, so I never really looked at girls before,” He shrugged. “I think if I had gotten to pick,” he said after thinking for another short bit. “I would have picked someone like Jongdae.” Chanyeol looked surprised at that, even though he was the one who was accusing Baekhyun of running off with the alpha and Kyungsoo. “He was the only alpha who treated me like a normal person most of the time – the rest kept their distance, or treated me like I was strange. But he had been my friend since we were pups, even though we didn’t get to play very much because I wasn’t allowed to,” Baekhyun hummed. “I would have just wanted my mate to be my friend first and foremost,” he admitted.

               “I mean, I could try being your friend,” Chanyeol said.

               Baekhyun snorted a laugh, “Yeah, good one. This is probably the longest consecutive conversation we’ve ever had and it’s us arguing with each other.”

               “Yeah, because you never open up to me,” Chanyeol accused.

               “Because you never ask me anything,” Baekhyun shot back.

               “What’s your favorite color?” Chanyeol asked almost angrily.

               “Orange,” Baekhyun said shortly, looking up at Chanyeol who was still scowling at the world. “What’s yours?”

               “Blue,” Chanyeol said, looking down at his omega.

               “When I first met you, you said you thought my eyes were weird – you coulda said you liked them if