at the Pharaoh, it had suddenly occurred to him - this was all pre-destined. No matter how hard he fought, he would only succeed at trumping Bakura when he was meant to.

It didn't stop him from trying in every circumstance, but it took the edge away from the fault of it all.

"I'm sorry," Ryou told both himself, and Otogi. "If I could stop him, I w-would." The harder he thought, the more his head hurt. He needed to move on. "If I could j-just use a first aid kit, I promise I'll be on my way. I won't start any trouble."

He didn't worry about getting home. It wouldn't be the first time he'd slept on the street. The pain in his head needed addressing, though. Ryou wasn't fond of infected scrapes and bruises.

Otogi sighed, shoulders slumped. "No. You're coming in." He stomped his way towards his townhome, taking great hulking steps that let Ryou know that this was not his preferred course of action. Whatever alcohol was in Otogi made it difficult for him to mask his contempt. Gripping Ryou tightly by the arm, Otogi pulled the both of them up to the door - he fiddled around searching for his keys for more than a few moments - and then inside.

The home was just was western inside as it was outside; the first thing Ryou thought was that it was very large. There was a lot of wasted space where nothing sat at all. It was a sight that pulled at his heartstrings; his father had been fond of western style homes, and the inside of the Bakura household held similar decorations. Otogi's home had small pops of color within, the oak-colored bannister lining the stairs, the mint-colored walls. None of the furniture seemed to match or be part of a particular set.

"Come on. You're staying here for the night. Yuugi's on his way over, so don't try anything."

Ryou pulled away from Otogi's touch. Just because he expected to be treated a certain way didn't mean that he welcomed it. "I didn't plan any of that! That wasn't my fault, Bakura-" and then he fell silent, because he knew there was no point in arguing. He would never be able to prove his existence. "Just help me clean my cut and I'll go home."

When Otogi whirled around, his eyes had widened in anger, but Ryou did nothing but stand that, defenseless. Pale hands ran themselves through dark hair, and he sighed.

"He said you wouldn't know where you were. What's the name of the club we were at?" Those green eyes were hard and discerning. But Ryou didn't know what he was looking for. Maliciousness? Malintent?

It wouldn't do any good to disclose the details of his relationship with Bakura. Knowing that he was forced to watch would only make Otogi feel terrible. Ryou didn't like it when people were angry at him for things that Bakura did, but it was easy enough to understand why they would be. "I don't know. I just woke up with my face pressed into the dirt. And this cut," he insisted, "which needs to be cleaned. I don't need Yuugi to watch over me." And he didn't.

But he wished someone would.

Otogi studied his face a little while longer before turning to walk away. "Wait here."

Returning with a small, white kit holding a red-cross across the front, Otogi headed towards what Ryou considered the den; the room was still spacious, but held a fair amount of sitting furniture and a TV attached to several gaming systems. A large, low-rise coffee table stood in the middle of the room. Otogi pulled out a chair for him.

They cleaned Ryou's cut in relative silence. The operative word being they because, upon opening the first aid kit, Otogi seemed to be at a loss of how to use it properly. At the same time, Ryou wasn't in front of a mirror and had to instruct Otogi. The man's sloppy movements and little motor control didn't help the process, and Ryou hissed in pain from mishandling quite a few times. When it was all said and done, however, Ryou was satisfied and his cut was bandaged in acceptable fashion.

Otogi seemed calmer after the ordeal, so Ryou probed. "...I thought he would have gotten you."

He didn't receive a reply. Otogi merely packed up the kit and turned to place it back where it belonged.

Ryou tried again. "I was scared for you. I'm sorry for whatever he did."

Whipping around, Otogi's brows knit; it was a painful expression for someone like him to wear, and Ryou felt sorry for making him feel so conflicted. "You really don't know,