chest to my waist where he gripped onto me firmly. I stripped his undershirt off of him in one go. He leaned in and began to kiss up my neck until he got to, my ear. He gingerly licked my ear sending a chill down my spine. I let out a moan as he slowly licked my ear.

 

I moved my leg across him so I was in his lap. I pulled my head away from his ear and looked him in his eyes. He had a need as great as mine reflected in his green eyes. He looked so innocent with a blush across his face. I leaned in and kissed him. He tasted spicy like the sandwich we had eaten. His tongue darted out of his mouth meeting mine eagerly.

His hands slid lower until he was squeezing my ass. I pulled back from our kiss and attempted to push him down. He resisted and tried to roll me over so he was on top. I fought back and stayed on top. It felt like he was only half resisting. Soon I had him on the ground beneath me.

Callius smirked at me. "Seems like you won."

I smiled at him. "You didn't seem to be putting up much of a fight."

He laughed nervously. "I suppose I didn't."

I reached down and caressed his chest; his body arched up at my touch. He was as needy as I was. I leaned down and began to suck on one of his nipples. He let out a moan and ran his hands up my back as he arched his chest. I felt like my cock was going to burst through my pants. I wanted to fuck Callius, but I also wanted to enjoy every bit of his body at the same time.

"Daren!" He moaned. "Your touch is electric to me. Don't stop."

I switched to his other nipple as he squirmed beneath me. I slid my hands down and began to fiddle with his pants. Calllius's arms traveled up my back and neck to my ears. He began to rub them sensually riling me up. I gasped and teased his nipple as he teased my ears.

I lifted my head up pulling myself away from his chest. I undid his pants and began sliding them off of him. I stripped him of his pants and noticed his tented undergarment. I pulled his undergarment down slowly sliding it off of his body.

I stood up and dropped my pants and undergarment. I grabbed my erect member stroking it gently. "Callius, I want your mouth around my cock."

He got on his knees and looked up at me with lust in his eyes. I could tell he wanted this as much as I did. He grabbed hold of my cock and slowly began to lick around the base of my hard member. He slid my cock into his mouth engulfing my rod in his hot silky sensation. I moaned as he bobbed his head back and forth on my cock.

I gasped and ran my hands through his hair. I moved my fingers nimbly to his ears and began to stroke them. With his mouth full of my cock he moaned and looked up at me needily. I knew what we both wanted. I slowly pulled out of Callius's mouth and he licked his lips.

"Lay down," I said.

Calius laid back on the floor of the tent. I kneeled between his legs spreading them apart. I lifted his legs up revealing his tight pucker. My loins were ablaze and I just wanted to fuck him, but this was Callius. I wanted to look out for him so I leaned down and began to lick his entrance.He gasped as my tongue encircled his entrance feeling him out. I wiggled my tongue and slid it inside of him. I slowly slid my tongue in and out of his tight entrance. My cock tensed at the erotic situation I was in. I never thought I would be eating Callius's ass. When he seemed thoroughly lubricated I pulled away from his lush ass. His head was tilted back, his lips parted in a silent moan. I moved my member between his legs and leaned in pressing myself against his entrance.

"Do you want it?" I asked.

"Yes, please," he sighed.

Slowly my cock spread his waiting asshole apart and slid in. His tight entrance convulsed around my cock as I slid inside of him. Slowly I spread him open sliding my cock further and further inside until I was completely inside of him. He let out a moan as my cock stuffed his tight ass. I bent over placing an arm on either side of his head. He wrapped his arms around my neck.

Slowly I began moving my cock back and forth inside of his tight hole. He gasped as I slowly pumped my cock inside of him.

"Daren," he moaned.

I leaned in and nibbled on his ear. "Yes?"

"Ahh you feel so good inside of me," he sighed.

"Mmm yeah, you like it?" I asked.

"Yes," it was a low whisper.

I kissed him as I picked up the pace a bit fucking