in the woods after being chased by men who wanted to rape him. Men wanting to rape him was apparently a common reaction to his veela allure and was easily believed by Muggles.

            “I’m fairly proficient at keeping it tampered down; Father spent the entire summer before third year teaching me. But when I’m frightened or overly stressed, it sometimes leaks out. It started happening to me sixth year; everyone kept teasing me that the reason you were so obsessed with me and kept following me, Potter, was the allure,” Draco explained.

            “I never noticed it; I’ve always been immune,” Harry said with a shrug.

            “And what, exactly, did Smith do?” Ron asked.

            “He left me. He didn’t marry me, so it’s his fault Ceres is a bastard. And he’s a fucking bloody wanker,” Draco answered angrily.

            “In the war, we mean. You said he was a Death Eater; what laws did he break,” I specified.

            “Creating a bastard is against pureblood moral law,” Draco drawled. “Ceres can never legally inherit from either of our families as long as she’s not adopted.”

            “But the Ministry has changed all that archaic nonsense. Children born of unmarried couples have just as much right to inherit and receive child support as anyone,” Harry interjected.

            “With my money maybe. He can claim she isn’t his and duck child support and all responsibility. Sure I could leave her Galleons and maybe even the house too, but she can’t take my last name and titles. It’s not even that I want her to have his, but that she can’t have mine.”

            “She’s a girl. She was never going to be Lord Malfoy anyway,” Ron dismissed.

            “No, but she might have been Lady Malfoy and her husband might have been Lord Malfoy. Now I have to come up with an inheritance for her and produce a legitimate heir,” Draco retorted.

            I felt bad for Draco and wished that I could single handedly change pureblood inheritance laws for his daughter. Maybe I could get Hermione interested in it and work up a petition. But I couldn’t do that now, because right now Ron and I still had a job to do.

            “Back to Smith’s crimes; what Ministry laws did he break?” Ron clarified.

            “I saw him torture Muggles and steal from Muggleborns,” Draco replied with a shrug, as if these were the least of Smith’s crimes.

            “Is that all?” Ron asked, in a manner that implied we saw cases of Muggle torture every day; and we practically did.

            “Yes. But that’s enough, isn’t it?” Draco replied.

            “To earn him five years maybe. The prison system is a bit overcrowded at the moment,” Ron said.

            “I hand you over a Death Eater, one of the Dark Lord’s followers, and your lot is going to let him go with only five years? Unlike me, he joined up voluntarily,” Draco retorted.

            “We’ll see what we can do, but we can’t promise you anything,” Ron said and Draco scowled.

            “Right, so we have enough details on the double murder for our initial report; that’s our first priority and bringing Smith in is second. We need to gather a team and see what evidence can still be found of the murders. And we’ll send a Muggle expert to scour the Muggle system for whatever evidence they gathered. We almost certainly will have follow up questions for you, Malfoy. But the good news is that Nikos Jugson and Caddaham Avery are dead. They refused to be taken alive,” I said, steering the subject back on track.

            “Good. I hope they suffered,” Draco replied.

            “So what I don’t understand, Malfoy, is what you being a veela has to do with the Muggles now thinking you’re a woman?” Ron asked. Potentially obliviating Muggles was also on our to-do list and for that, we needed accurate details on who knew what.

            “I’m not stripping to show you, but if you are so interested, I will let you change Ceres’ nappy. By the smell of it, it’s a poopy one,” Draco said, holding his daughter up to hand over.

            Ron eyed me warily and I shrugged. I stood up and scooped the baby out of Draco’s and Ron’s arms, taking her to the changing table in Teddy’s room. Ron followed, so I instructed him to break out the nappies we’d just purchased. Sure enough, the dirty nappy was filled with mustard colored watery newborn poo, which I cleaned off with wipes I had for Teddy.

            “So that’s what a veela looks like down there,” Ron said, looking down over my shoulder. Instead of an anus, there was a cloaca, but the rest appeared human. “I wonder if Fleur looks like that.”

            I finished quickly, fastening a fresh nappy in place