as Jade enters the room. She must have come home with the sprite. Perhaps she knows where he came from.

“What the heck did you two say to piss off Davesprite?” She looks exasperated, tired. Karkat guesses it’s because she spent so much time dealing with dave and himself ever since the creation of this new world and their houses. He knew they could be quite a handful.

“I dunno”, Dave says, “I think he’s just got his panties is a knot ‘cuz he refuses to admit he’s not straight.” Jade looks at Dave for a second, she pouts and brings her hand to her chin, considering. After a moment she raises an eyebrow and sighs.

“Dave, Davesprite knows he’s not straight, I think you may have just missed the point.”

“But I thought he liked you?”

“He did- he does-“

“Then how does he know he’s gay?”

“You had a crush on john when you were like 12” “I mean, I know that, but I didn’t, until I realised I had a thing for Karkat.”

“So?”

“What do you mean so.” “Davesprite’s not you, Dave, he doesn’t have to discover things the same way and he doesn’t have to act like you either.” Jade says snappily

“-I never said he did”.

“Then maybe you just need to be more wary of your attitude.” She replies, stomping away up the stairs.

“…”. Dave stands in the middle of the lounge room, stunned. Karkat is silent, watching Dave with concern. After a time, Dave sits beside him, placing his head in his hands, and sighing. “I’m sorry for acting like a douche nugget”

“If you’re sorry for your actions maybe you should apologise to the sprite.” He replies, nonchalant.

“I’m not gonna apologise to myself that’s fucking stupid.”

 

                                                                                                            ---

 


Knock knock


 Jade’s knuckles wrap against the wood of the door. It’s Dave’s room, she realises, the one that’s a direct replica of his apartment, but she can hear Davesprite on the other side. There’s a rustle and a soft sigh.

“Davespriiiite are you decent?” she says in a sing-song voice.

“You probably wouldn’t care either way” Davesprite replies through the door. Jade laughs at this, and opens the door.

“I don’t, but who knows if you’re doing gross teenage boy stuff.” She says, smiling, as she enters the room. “I know this is technically a replica of your room too, but would you like me to set up a room for you, so that you don’t have to room with Dave? I think Karkat has been sleeping in here anyway, so if we ask him nicely he might give us his room for you to sleep in at least.” She says, looking around the room, appreciating the mess of the boys clothes and cute photos that Dave shows off on his walls.

“I don’t mind, whatever’s easiest.” He replies, tracing the line of photos on the wall and picking up one of Karkat’s sweaters.

“Hey, you ok?” Jade walks over to him and wraps her arms around his shoulders. Davesprite resist for a second but ends up flopping against her, wrapping his arms lazily around her and burying his head in her neck. There’s a pause.

“I’m sorry for turning up so unannounced.” “you didn’t get to choose that, it’s fine, honestly it’s a miracle you’re here at all.” She replies instantly. A weight is lifted slightly from Davesprite’s heart. He laughs half-heartedly.

“Im not sure that everyone agrees with that sentiment.” She shrugs.

“Not up to them, and if they’re unhappy they can deal.” She kisses the top of his head. “I love you.”

“You know I love you too.”

A few seconds pass and jade pats his back.

“come on, let’s go get you a room.” She leads him to Karkat’s essentially empty room, and using her space powers, plops a bed in the centre. Davesprite pops down onto the bed, curls up, and immediately falls asleep. Jade laughs.

“I guess I’ll talk to Karkat myself.” 

 

                                                                                                            ---

 

Day by day the house stayed the same, at least, according to Dave. He saw Davesprite sometimes, they’d say ‘hi’, sometimes a ‘sup’, which would get a grunt for a response. Dave just assumed that was how Davesprite was, an asshole. And honestly, he wasn’t surprised in the slightest. It was obvious after a time that Jade was no longer talking to him. Karkat wasn’t saying anything, and his protective instincts had started kicking in, refusing to bring it up to Dave in case of upsetting him, as he knew this was something