is Steve mad at you?" Sam, Mr. I know all, asked.

"I punched a guy in his face for making comments about Steve in the art store."

Now the people who were laughing stopped laughing, and everyone waited for Bucky to go on.

"Steve was looking for some colored pencils or whatever for his drawing when this guy had came up to me and started talking about how cute Steve looks and how he would like to bend him over and fuck him yadada, so I turned so I could look him dead in the face and asked him what the fuck was his problem. He asked what did I mean and I said that I was Steve's boyfriend and that I really don't appreciate him talking about him like that to me. He got all scared and said he didn't know and I asked him that even if I wasn't Steve's boyfriend, why the fuck would he just walk up to somebody as start talking about how you wanna fuck a person? That's when I punched him and that's when Steve came in. Of course he paid for his things and we left after that."

Nobody had said anything for a couple seconds after Bucky was done finishing what he was saying. But after registering everything Bucky said, Wanda was the one to speak.

"Did you tell him why you punched the man?"

"No... I didn't really think about that cause I was still mad at myself and at the guy when we left."

"Then tell him."

"But Steve will probably just continue on giving me the silent treatment after telling me to have just let it go." Wanda was going to say something but Thor ended up intervening before she could.

"Then you must show Steven that you are sorry for your actions instead of just saying it. He's more of a person to forgive by a person who takes action in what they say rather than just saying it, no?"

"yeah..."

"So then just show him that you are truly sorry and then he will forgive you for your previous actions."

"Does going over the top and buying a blimp with a message saying that I'm sorry and that I love you going around the tower be enough?"

"Steven - "

"Will not like you buying a damn blimp with a message saying sorry. Steve isn't materialistic Barnes." Natasha had cut in before Thor could answer Bucky back.

"So then what will I do? I don't think Steve would like it if I did a stupid dance and just drew him something saying that I'm sorry."

"Then you don't know your boyfriend."

----------------------------------------

"Steve."

No answer.

"мед"

Still no answer.

"Look младенец , I'm sorry that I flipped out at the art store okay? That guy was talking about how cute you were and how he wanted to fuck you and things like that to me and it made me really frustrated. I made some food and I drew something for you so If you would just come out and look , it'll make me happy моя любовь."

Bucky was left waiting at the door of their room for about a minute before Steve slowly opened the door, only showing half of his face, and gave Bucky a small glare. Step 1 worked.

"...What kind of food?" Steve mumbled. Step 2 worked. Bucky really didn't have a big plan to make Steve talk to him again, it was just to do something Steve would like and see if he would talk to him.

"I made cajun rice and lemon peppered shrimp."

Steve looked at the floor and anything that wasn't Bucky. He was hungry since he never came out the room and Bucky does make some good cajun rice and lemon peperred shrimp.

He slowly came out the room and Bucky backed up a little to give him some space. When Steve closed the door, he didn't turn and walk away yet. He just stayed there for a couple seconds before turning and looking at Bucky's face, which held a small smile.

"Don't think that i'm not still mad at you. I'm only out for the food." Bucky knows he is but that's okay.

Steve walked into the living room and turned on the tv while Bucky went into the kitchen and made their plates. When he went into the living room, he put their plates on the coffee table so he could reach for it. Steve glared at him for being a shithead and reached for his plate, which required him to actually get his butt off of the couch.

When he reached for his plate, Bucky moved onto Steve's spot on the couch and when Steve sat down, he realised was Bucky did. So Steve tried to get up and move another part of the couch but Bucky had wrapped his arms around him quickly and stuffed his face into Steve's neck.

"Talk to me моя любовь." Bucky mumbled.

"No." Bucky smiled. Now he had to keep sweet talking his baby into talking.

"But