face. "You like it when I talk to you, Stevie?"

"Shut up," Steve hissed. "Don’t say anything. You’re all wrong. I can’t believe you. The shit that comes outta your mouth. It ain’t decent."

"It ain’t decent? Ain’t nothin’ we’re doin’ decent, punk. I got your ass on my lap, my tongue in your mouth and your dick in my hand, the stuff I’m sayin’ is the least of your problems.”

Steve laughed again, horrified, and rocked up on his knees to push his face into Bucky’s neck.

"It ain’t little," Bucky soothed, kissing his hair. "It’s proportionate. It fits real nice in my hand, don’t it? Lemme see if I can make it go off."

"Bucky!" Steve protested, punching him in the ribs lightly. "Jesus, I’m gonna die. I’m gonna die of embarrassment. Bucky, Bucky-"

"Live a little longer, baby boy," Bucky coaxed, pumping more steadily until Steve’s cock spilled all over his hand. "There you go. See? Not bad at all. Suits you nice. Next time I’m gonna get you all naked on the floor and put a lamp on so I can look at all of you when I make you-"

Steve clamped his hand over Bucky’s mouth. “Don’t. God. What am I gonna do with you?”

Bucky licked his palm, so Steve yelped and snatched it back, and Bucky looped his arms around Steve’s waist and tugged him into a deep, wet kiss. “Jerk me off, at least,” he murmured. “Mm, or you could suck it, maybe. I’d like that.”

"We’re goin’ to Hell," Steve whispered against his mouth, sliding his arms around Bucky’s neck. "Straight down. Christ."

"Fun way to go, though," Bucky said.

Anon requested: Going off the last drabble you wrote (btw so HOT I melted) the first time Steve fucks Bucky as a result of Bucky's persuasiveness and basically powerbottom!Bucky. Lots of powerbottom!Bucky :D

Z's note: I just get into these things, I swear.

“So,” Bucky said as soon as they were alone, and Steve knew what was coming before he even said it. He could have said it with him, in fact. “Did it make everything bigger?”

Steve groaned. “How long have you been holding it in?”

"Since I started shaving again,” Bucky replied, leaning against him on the cot, pressing their upper arms together. “I got some pretty fond memories of your dick.”

“It’s bigger,” Steve confirmed, smirking. “But the next words outta your mouth better not be-”

“I wanna see what you’ve got,” Bucky interrupted.

“That’s what you said the first time,” Steve reminded him. “It’s bigger than it was, but I still ain’t a tripod.”

"Oh, it’s proportionate,” Bucky said with a smirk, “Damn sight bigger than my hand now, though.”

Steve grinned, kissing him, shivering when Bucky’s fingers curled around his cock anyway and he rubbed it just the same as he had before, sucking on Steve’s bottom lip, teasing Steve’s foreskin with his thumb until it was slick and Steve had leaned back to pull off his undershirt and wound up sprawled on his back, barely holding himself up on his elbows.

“I don’t know that I can suck it as good as before, either,” Bucky mused, sitting back, frowning and licking his thumb, which always made Steve hold his breath.

“Why do you do that?” he asked, soft and into his shoulder, looking pointedly away.

Bucky tilted his head to the side. “Because you like it,” he said, grabbing Steve by the jaw and pulling him into another kiss.

Steve leaned forward and Bucky pulled back, making a soft, pleased noise when Steve followed him, until Steve’s hand was across Bucky’s body, pressing the bed by his hip.

"You’re a real captain?” he murmured, brushing his fingers through Steve’s hair and caressing the back of his neck.

"Yeah,” Steve said, shrugging.“Took the test and the training for it while we were on the road.”

Bucky’s hand moved up Steve’s chest, his eyes lowered thoughtfully. “So you’re pullin’ in, what, twice my salary? And you’re-“

He scraped his bottom lip with his teeth, his brows lowering, his eyes on Steve’s mouth, and then he leaned forward, sucking on Steve’s bottom lip until his mouth was open wide and he was panting, his eyes almost closed.

Bucky peeled off Steve’s undershirt, and Steve pulled off Bucky’