the chips and dip provided. The band came in and the crowd got a little more animated but controlled. They smiled and signed autographs. Then Dean saw him. The Drummer. He was hanging back a ways. He stretched his arms and rolled his head around on his neck. Then he turned and removed his shirt slowly revealing a full back tattoo of two angel wings that sloped up over his shoulders in black ink. It was amazing and sexy and Dean couldn't help but stare. The drummer hung his shirt over a chair and turned around. His black leather pants were slung so low you could see he wore nothing underneath and you could clearly see that there was a treasure trail leading to, Dean assumed very happy treasures. He noticed Dean staring at him and he smirked and walked over to him.

  He stopped right in front of Dean and looked him up and down appreciatively "Did you see something you like" He cocked his head to the side.His mouth turned up into a slow grin

 Dean bit his lip " Nice.. tattoo"

The drummer laughed "Right.. I'm Cas. And you are?"

Dean couldn't break eye contact, Cas was playing him just like the drums " Dean"

Cas licked his bottom lip and tugged on the waist band on Dean's pants "Dean.. come with me"

Dean's heart rate increased. He looked back at his friend Charlie who was giving him the universal "go for it" sign of a thumbs up. He followed the dark sexy stranger through a door into a corridor. Cas closed the adjoining door behind them and pulled him along by his hand. He opened another door and pushed Dean inside shutting the door behind him.

  It seemed to be some sort of a dressing room but Dean didn't have allot of time to look around. As he was pushed into the room Cas grabbed his waist band again and pulled Dean against his body. He cupped the back of his head and his mouth came down on Dean's lips. His bottom lip jutted out forcing Deans mouth open. Cas tasted like someone had drown a cinnamon bear in a leather shot glass full of whiskey. It was intoxicating. His tongue jutted out scraping Deans tongue. Dean's hand fisted in his hair. Cas walked him back til he was pressed against the dressing room counter. He pulled back and removed Dean's shirt. He stepped into Dean, Grinding his thigh into his groin. Dean let out a moan. He was already hard and the pressure Cas was putting on him was exquisite but left him wanting. Cas ran his hand up Dean's chest as he rocked his hip against him. He leaned over Dean and pressed wet kisses up his neck. Biting his ear lobe. His scruff scrapping along Dean's jaw line."You're fucking gorgeous" 

Dean's hand's gripped the back of Cas' shoulders "I'm nothing compared to you" his mouth found Cas again and he sucked hungrily on his lips. His teeth biting on Cas' lower lip. Cas let out a growl.

He pulled Dean up to sit on the counter, his legs straddling Cas' and yanked him closer till their bodies connected. Cas' gripped Dean by the hair "How far do you wanna take this?"

Dean wrapped his legs around Cas and ground his hips against Cas' cock, his breath coming in short bursts, he panted out "all the way"

Cas smiled as if that were the right answer and pushed Dean back a little. He licked his way down his chest. Cas' hands slid up his thighs and popped the buttons on his jeans. He smiled in satisfaction to see he only had one layer to get through. He shifted removing Deans shoes. Coming back up on his haunches he licked a wet trail along the in-seem of the Jeans making Dean breath heavily "Cas.." 

Cas loved that part. They never quite knew your name. Till they did. Then they never forgot. 

  He Ran his hand's across the small of Dean's back and as he arched his back Cas slipped his Jeans off his hips. On his upper hip just near his ass was a rose tattoo surrounded by thorns. He thought it was cute and it softened him toward this guy a little .. Dean, that was his name. Cas ran his finger over the tattoo and Dean shuddered. He'd ask him about it later. He took Dean's cock in his hand and begin to work it. Making Dean move with him. Cas put his mouth over the head and sucked, swirling his tongue around. Enjoying hearing Dean moan. Dean's back was arched, his legs spread wide, propped on make-up chairs, and Cas had moved his hand so he could fully suck on Dean's swollen erection. He made a stunning site. Dean's hand came down and wound into Cas' hair urging him on "please.. please... don't...don't stop" Cas worked his mouth faster over Dean's shaft. Working him into a frenzy. Then he