wall, "Yeah?" I stare at the wall, there are cracks in the plaster, and the only thing in my room, besides the bed and dresser, is a small desk. "Are you hungry?" I hear the sound of the impala and know that he's driving over here."Don't park in front of the house, and no. But if you're hungry then I go where ever you want to." My comforter is plain white, and in perfect order. The floor is clean and organized. Books are stacked on the ground by the headboard. I hang up and sit down on the floor, still staring at the number. I glance up and count the ceiling tiles, in my life nothing has ever come without a cost. I ranaway with my fears and when I came back my mother was dead. In kindergarten we were free of my father, but I had died. Now I have Dean and I wonder who's going to die.Dean comes in through the window and I laugh at him, "Seriously, have you ever done this professionally?" I toss the book I was holding and stand up to hug him, "Today was weird."He pulls back and raises an eyebrow, "Oh really? Pray tell gossip girl."I shrug and pick up my long sleeve shirt from the floor, "Nothing really, just...weird." I stare at Dean's hand on my shoulder, "What?" He picks up my wrist and looks at the phone number on my arm, "So, Ellen's?" Dean turns away from me and tosses me his jacket, you might get cold. He climbs out of the window, when I follow him down, he doesn't look at me."I told him I had a boyfriend." I say as I slam the passenger door shut, "He just kind of grabbed me." Dean's hands tighten on the wheel and I fight back the panic in my stomach, "Dean?" I reach out towards him, but he only starts the car and slams into drive."What'd he look like?"I roll my eyes and cringe when he I realize he's serious, "I don't know, Dean. I was too busy having sexual fantasies about my hot boyfriend to notice such a thing as another human being."Dean eases into a stoplight and looks over at me, "To be fair, I told you I was possessive." the light changes and Dean accelerates, "You look nice by the way."I blush and look down at myself; I was wearing it because Anna said I looked good in dark clothes. It made my pale skin and dark hair stand out, "Thanks."At the roadhouse Dean and I slide into the same side of a booth, a waitress comes over and smiles at us, "Hello kid, who's this?" she points her pin at me.Dean grins back at her, "This is Castiel, Ellen.""What can I get for you hun? We got anything you like?"Dean orders while I look down at the menu, "Milkshake?""Sure thing Cas. Don't cause any more trouble Dean." She clicks her pin and walks away."Come here often?""You bet he does." I look up and see Jo sliding into our booth, "Always coming in here and hustling the pool table. Hey Cas how are you?"I shrug, "Good, what are you doing here?" I'm surprised; she said that her mother never let her out of her sight.Jo smiles and leans across the table, like she's going to tell me a huge secret, "My mom is Ellen." She leans back in her seat and pulls out her pocket knife, "Mom got the place after my dad died. Said she wanted something to keep her busy." She flips the knife between her fingers effortlessly."Jo," Dean looks at her, kind of like he looks at Sam, "We're on a date."She laughs and I blush at the table, "Really? To the roadhouse this late, that's so romantic Dean. God I wish I was your girlfriend."Someone clears their throat; I look up and see Ellen standing with our food. She gives me mine, but holds onto Dean's, "Joana Beth, leave these two alone. And Dean, not that I mind the business, but next time take this boy somewhere nicer than a bar." she sets his food down and leaves."I was joking, Dean." Jo gets up and walks away, I hear her mother tell her to clear off a table.Dean shoves some fries into his mouth, "I was going to bring you somewhere else, but I wasn't dressed to go anywhere." he attacks his burger and I steal some of his fries to dip in my milkshake,"I think it's nice here. It's more cozy than some restaurant." Dean smiles a bit, like a little kid, "Did you have anything else planned for tonight?"