"-With humans, as I have in the past. Why am I punished now?"

"Ha," Gabriel laughs once at that. "Not helping yourself, Little Bro."

Michael shakes his head. "You know the difference, Castiel. Do not pretend this human is the same as any others you and your brothers have had momentary couplings with. You do not act rationally where he is concerned. You have disobeyed direct orders, brought him here, gone to him in secret. Solidifying your attachment to him further.." he trails off.

"Yes?" Castiel meets his eyes, steadily.

"It is an abomination, Castiel!" Uriel finishes. "You pollute your very grace the more you mire yourself within this insanity."

"I cannot believe our Father would so disdain the feelings I-" he cuts himself off, clenching his jaw.

Gabriel saves him. "Castiel's choice of boytoy aside, he could be useful in going after that twisted puppy, Alastair. He came to us with info. It's worth a shot."

Since they couldn't reveal their plan to meet a demon in two nights or the fact that they didn't really need Dean at this point, he kept silent and allowed Gabriel to speak.

"We do not need-" Uriel cuts off with a huff when Michael raises his arm.

"You will accompany him?" he asks Gabriel.

"Like a cockblocking mother hen," he smiles too big. Castiel wants to lash out at all of them. He is no child but before he can Michael continues.

"When this is over, however it ends, you will part ways."

He frowns and feels his flight feathers stiffen with a sharp straightening of his back. "Michael," he begins.

"Or, if you find you cannot.. then we will assist you, Brother."

Gabriel suddenly has a hard look as Balthazar straightens out of his slump in the chair. Uriel positively beams.

"What does that mean?" he squints at them all with distrust.

"You can return to Heaven for Revelation. Guidance." Michael tightens his mouth, "For a period of no less than a century."

"A century?" Castiel swallows, looking to each of them with disbelief. He had not heard of obligatory remanding to Heaven before.

"Yes. Until this human has lived out his natural life and all remnants of him are wiped from the Earth."

Just the thought makes him internally panic, causing blood to rush in his ears as he struggles not to show the overwhelming emotion rolling through him. Never to see Dean again. He always imagined he'd still be able to watch Dean grow old. Stay on the outskirts of his life and ensure his safety. Hopefully see him find some happiness and in turn be happy in that. But to be absent as Dean just slipped away.. lost through the years like he was any other human.

What if they didn't allow him to explain to Dean first? He would think he left him. That he didn't care after all.

"No!" Castiel exhales through his nose, and meets each of their gazes one at a time. "No. I will work with him to complete my mission, to kill demons as we are ordered. Then, when it is over... it will be over."

Gabriel frowns at them all and Balthazar is strangely quiet for once. Uriel lifts his chin and looks to Michael who nods.

"Good, Castiel. Good."

And so now he stands at the corner of Anna's house, under her new orange tree, trying to decide if going to Dean is the right thing to do. Worth the pain for both of them. If Dean were to kiss him again, his resolve would weaken.

This is another place he should not be.. just another way he fails his brothers. What is in him that causes this defiance? Why can he not be happy falling in line as others do?

Lost in his own wretched musings, Castiel doesn't notice her staring hard into the clusters of darkness surrounding him.

"Cas?" she calls with a frown.

His heart stutters, as he immediately focuses on her. Should he leave? She would hear the sound of wings and know it for what it was.

"Cas, please don't go," she whispers to the darkness but stays where she is.

He doesn't leave, but concentrates on being as still as possible until she is convinced she's wrong, imagined him.

"I know you're there," she continues softly. "I always know."

He's quiet, breathing shallowly. Nervous, heart pounding at the taboo of this act, he steps out of the protective shadows and lets her see him. Her eyes instantly fixate on him and she stands.

She moves stiffer than she used to. Slower. Light gray strands mix within her red locks. He didn't notice when it happened, he assumed she would stay as she always was in his memory.

They stare at each other from only ten feet away. He shifts his weight and rolls his shoulders, feathers