I think I’m gonna sit this one out,” Coughlin said.

“That is your right,” she said. “Colonels?”

Lorne looked at Sheppard and shrugged.  “When in Rome, right?” He unzipped his jacket and pulled his tee over his head, tossing them both at Coughlin, before going off to find some paint.

John looked out into the crowd, where Ronon and Teyla had already lost their shirts. “I’ll think about it,” he told Amina. Still, she handed him a brush before moving on.

John wandered toward the crowd, spotting Rodney standing near the edge, looking on with a befuddled expression. “This is truly bizarre,” he said, sensing John’s approach.

“I’ll say. Not partaking?”

“I think I’ll spare everyone the horror,” Rodney said.

John laughed. “You have nothing to be ashamed of, Rodney.” Sure, he wasn’t as buff as the marines, nor as thin as the Etarans, but years of running from the Wraith certainly had its affect.

“I can’t help but notice that you’re still fully clothed.”

John shrugged. “I’ll do it if you do.”

“That’s hardly a fair trade. There are no doubt numerous people here who would like to see you shirtless.”

“I think you have me confused with Lorne,” he said, nodding toward Lorne, who had a small crowd following him around.

“Alright, you’re maybe not that popular.”

John gasped. “Now you're saying I’m not pretty enough?”

“Oh my god, if I take off my shirt, will you shut up?”

“Yes,” John said, grinning.

“Fine, but you still have to take yours off.”

John nodded, reaching for the hem of his shirt. “I knew you always wanted to see me naked.”

“I thought we agreed you’d shut up.”

“Your shirt’s not off yet.”

Rodney groaned loudly, but finally took off his layers.

A group of women danced toward them, as if they had some kind of radar. “You must dance with us,” they said.

“I’m not much for dancing,” John said, a mischievous smile growing across his lips. “But I’m sure Dr. McKay would love to join you.”

Before Rodney could disagree, they had dragged him off into the crowd.

 

 

“This is fun,” Ronon said, when he finally made it to John. He seemed a little out of breath, and sweat had started to smear some of the paint marks he had all over his upper body. “Why aren’t you dancing?”

“I prefer to watch,” he said, then frowned. “That didn’t come out right, did it?”

Ronon shook his head,

“Hey, what’s this?” John asked, reaching for his right arm. Most of the paintmarks were simple, messy shapes, but this one was a careful, detailed image of Ronon’s energy weapon.

“Lorne did it,” he said. “You should see the one he did for McKay.”

“Oh?” John raised his eyebrows.

Ronon nodded, then grabbed his paintbrush from where it stuck out of his hair. “Can I?”

Sheppard waved his hands in the air, which Ronon took as permission. He quickly painted a symbol on his shoulder.  John didn’t recognize its meaning, but Ronon explained. “It’s an old Satedan word. For a great leader.”

“Thanks,” John said, unsure of the feeling it gave him.

“I’m gonna go back,” Ronon said, shoving the paintbrush back in it’s place before running off.

Teyla made her way over to him shortly after, wearing much less paint than Ronon had been, but still quite colorful. It was strange, seeing her wander around topless like it was nothing. He had, of course, seen her naked when changing in the locker rooms, or offworld, but this was a different thing altogether. He wasn’t quite sure where to put his eyes.

She laughed, recognizing his discomfort, and held out a palate of colors. “Perhaps you would like to paint something?” she said.

“I’m not-”

“No,” she said, shaking her head. “I do not care if you are a terrible artist. You will paint something.”

He nodded, knowing the argument was lost before it could begin. He took his brush out of his pocket and dipped it into the well of silvery paint. With broad strokes, he painted a wide band around one of her wrists.

She frowned at him when he was done, perhaps disappointed by his lack of skill.

“It’s Wonder Woman,” he explained. “I tried to tell you I’m not very good.”

She smiled. “She is one of the heroes of Earth, right?” she asked.

“Something like that.”

“Evan explained that this was the symbol of Superwoman,” she said, pointing to the