after an argument with a certain heterochromatic arch nemesis and took it out on Fef after school. I kind of did that often, I’m ashamed to say. I don’t even remember what we were arguing about – all I remember was that I made her cry and I turned and went home without her. What were my last words to her? Just trying to remember what happened is tearing me apart.

I didn’t hear she died until the next day. It was a Saturday afternoon. Fef and I always went to the park on Saturday afternoons. Eager to hear her apology (I fucking hate Past Me), I made my way over, knocked on the door, and her mom answered and told me the news.
The fucking prick I was immediately blamed everyone except himself. Myself. Whatever. I remember blaming Fef first. I remember cursing her name for leaving me like that, for being too stupid to look both ways before crossing the fucking street. And then I blamed pretty much everyone else. Her mom for raising a brainless child, my dad for never once picking us up from school, the school for not offering a day care service, and the driver. Holy shit did I lay into the driver. It didn’t take me long to find out who the driver’s kid was, and I completely ruined him, too.

I was just covering up, though, because I knew it was my fault more than anything. I was just hiding my agonizing guilt behind blind rage. It’s easier to be angry, after all.

At the funeral, I stole something from her body. A bracelet I made for her. I still wear it to this day, and I’m kind of amazed it hasn’t worn down to nothing yet. I snapped it 3 times already, despite how I’m always so careful in handling it. It was white when I gave it to her, but it turned red with her blood. Kind of morbid, I guess, but I don’t care. It’s mine. Fight me.

Fef was my first, last, and only friend. After she died, I just became more and more bitter and hateful and angry. I never forgot her, I never forgave myself, and I never got close to anyone else after she was gone. 

And that self-destructive path is probably what made her come back.

From what I remember, Sollux Captor was a weird kid. I vividly remember disliking him, that's for sure, even before the accident. Put two arrogant assholes in the same playground together and you will see some sparks fly. I never outright picked on him or anything, but after Fef died, that changed pretty fucking fast.

His dad was the driver.

The cost of taking a life left Sol's family in financial ruin, but knowing that wasn't enough for me. I bullied him relentlessly throughout elementary and middle school. No one ever defended him - who's going to save the son of  child killer? - and he never even defended himself. There was never any incentive or danger of reprimand to make me stop, so I never did. Not until he lost his house and had to move to another state. In hindsight, I feel fucking terrible about what I did to him. It was my fault she died and he didn't have anything to do with it. But in the moment, I won't deny it felt fan-fucking-tastic to have so much power over someone. To take my empty revenge on a blameless victim. It's sickening, isn't it? Glad I got out of that hole.

The last thing he ever said to me - while we were in grade school, that is - was that he was sorry for what happened, and that he knew I was hurting, and that it was okay to feel sad. I am never going to forget that as long as I live. It even made me cry, amazingly enough. It was the first and only time I had ever cried about Fef's death.

I graduated high school with the highest honors and I got a full ride for college, where I majored in chemistry and went on to be a professor there. I never had to worry about money or a job in my life. The Ampora name is a wealthy and well-connected one, and it wasn't long before I became the posterchild of "rich, white, elite male." I did pretty well for myself. Nice house, nice car, nice job... but I wasn't a nice person.

One day, Sollux Captor himself walked into my class. And what happened next is probably what made Fef come back.

It felt like time stopped when I recognized him. He was keeping his head down as he entered in a meek attempt at hiding his identity, but it didn't work for a god damn minute. I'm pretty sure I was grinning from ear to ear when our eyes met, and I clearly remember the color draining from his face