way in hell I'm getting my ass kick today. You find them and I'll wait here okay?"

"Oh, alright. I will, but please don't get into any fights with any employees okay?" Yoichi pleaded. He smiled when Yuu placed a kiss against his lips.

"I promise, now go already before they get even more pissed. Go on." He shooed Yoichi away who only laughed than walked off, looking out for both girls.

Nearly walking into a blonde woman dressed in all white he bowed in apology, only for it to go unnoticed. The woman seemed like she was in a rush so he waved away her rudeness.

 

"There you are!" Yoichi heard a voice shout amongst the crowds of people.

Looking over his shoulder a nervous smile appeared on his face as Mitsuba and Shinoa walked towards him, a glare coming for the angry blonde.

"Where's that idiot at!" She snapped, making Yoichi tremble.

"H-he's waiting in line at the Ferris wheel. He told me to find you two.."

"Because he knows I'm going to kick his ass for making us look for him in this cold." Mitsuba stated as she cracked her knuckles. As she berated Yoichi for Yuu's lack of manners Shinoa stared at the stuffed animals piled in Yoichi's arms.

"Did Yuu win those?" She interrupted Mitsuba, earning both of their attention.

"Uh, yeah. Why do you ask?" Yoichi questioned. 

"Because I want them now." She smiled and with quick hands she successfully took them, somehow stuffing them all into her bag.

"That'll make up for Yuu's incompetence. You can calm down now Mitsuba." She told her irritated girlfriend who just muttered about how Yuu always causes unnecessary trouble for them.

"Now, lead us to Yuu. It's pleasant to hear that he's waiting at the Ferris wheel." Shinoa gripped Mitsuba's arm and laid her cheek against it. "It means Mitsuba and I can start our fun earlier than what I had planned."

Quirking his head in confusion, Yoichi just shrugged and began to lead them while Mitsuba blushed with an embarrassment and Shinoa smiled up at her provocatively.

 

Sitting atop on the now non moving Ferris wheel Horn smiled as she looked over her perfect view of the humans.

They were all so small from where she was.

Her smile widening she opened her mouth, singing out a melodic song the swam throughout the fair grounds.

The plan from her Lord was now in motion.

"This line went surprisingly fast.." Yuu murmured as he looked up ahead at the two people that were entering their compartment, now shielded by the cold air around that was around them.

Suddenly a lovely voice came out of nowhere, making Yuu wonder where it was coming from.

"Weird...Why is the fair playing songs just now?" He muttered, but it didn't really bug him much. In fact the song was making him feel strangely relax, almost at eased.

"You're turn sir." An attendant held open the door for him.

Nearly spaced out from the song, he shook his head. 

"Oh, no..I'm still waiting for my friends." He told the man and was about to leave the line until a hand grabbed his wrist guiding him inside.

Looking up, Yuu frowned when the attendant had started pulling.

"L-let me go." He ordered, trying to snatch his arm away, but the grip was to strong. In seconds he was roughly shoved into the compartment, the soft seat cushioning his fall.

"What's the big idea?" He hissed. He was starting to become more clear headed since the windows were blocking out the singing.

Sitting up and looking at the door, ready to walk out, Yuu's eyes widened at the figure walking inside after.

"Hello Yuuichirou~" Crowley greeted pleasantly as he closed the door behind him, fully blocking the music from entering the compartment.

 

That Mitsunoa in the beginning was so Damn sweet and I'm proud at myself because that's like the first yuri I've ever written lol 

 

and oh fuck Crowley already back....for all you MikaYuu people out there please don't worry. It will come, I promise I'm a huge MikaYuu fan, it'll just take time to get there.

Anyway I hope you enjoyed this chapter, it makes me happy when people actually take the time to read it :)

It's time i got back to this story :3 i had intense writers block and couldn't continue but i'm back on track, hope you guys enjoy ^.^


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

“This singing…” Mitsuba murmured as the soft voice echoed across the fair grounds.

“It’s a siren without a doubt.” Shinoa stated as she glanced over at Yoichi. 

With a dazed expression on his face he, along with the other men looked up at the Ferris wheel.

“Shit…” Mitsuba cursed as she looked up at the top of the compartment