, as was the tall candelabrum, but the ancient oak desk had apparently been too heavy or stubborn to overturn.

There had been candles in a basket on the shelf, but the basket was now sitting face-down on the floor. Luna got down on hands and knees and peered under the desk. She could see the candles lying against the far wall, too far to reach, so she whispered, "Nox," to free her wand to summon them.

This was an extremely inconvenient moment for someone else to breach her sanctuary, but the sudden harsh crunch of stone on stone could be nothing else but the secret door closing behind a new arrival.

Luna bumped her head on the shelf beside the desk as she scrambled backward, twisting into a sitting position with her wand trained on what she hoped was the doorway.  In the darkness, her own breathing seemed terribly loud. Dim white light suddenly outlined the door frame and spilled across the floor as someone else with a Lumos spell turned the corner. A voice called, "Luna?"

And in the next breath Neville stood in the doorway. He looked somehow dangerous, concerned, and ridiculous all at once, his face battered and robes scorched, his illuminated wand in one hand and the Sword of Gryffindor in the other. He held the sword parallel to the floor, his fingers curled around the base of the blade where it joined the hilt.  Just behind his fingers the edges sharpened, gleaming blue in light of his wand.

Luna collapsed backward onto the floor in relief, relaxing her white-knuckled grip on her wand. "Merlin," she sighed, pressing her free hand to her chest. She took deep calming breaths as her heart rate slowed.

After staring for a moment, Neville visibly collected himself and entered the room. He knelt beside her, laying the sword on the floor near the doorway. "Are you all right?"

Luna nodded. "Fine. Are you all right, Neville?" She reached up to brush his fringe out of his eyes. He was forever brushing it back after detentions, but never cut it. Luna had hidden behind her hair often enough to think she might understand why.

"I was worried. I followed you." He sounded apologetic. "And I wanted away from the crowd. All the - staring." The direction of his gaze moved between her and the sword and back. Then he looked around the room.  "Where are we?"

Luna sat up, and pointed her wand toward the desk. "Accio Luna's candles," she said, and a half-dozen single-day candles with blue and white stripes rolled out of the dust until they bounced off her leg. She set one upright and passed her wand over it to light the wick. It was just about as bright as Neville's Lumos. He doused his spell-light at once and slid his wand into his sleeve.

"This is my secret room," Luna explained as she waved her wand to set her chair upright and send its cushions back into place. Another quick spell and the bookcase repaired itself. "I used to hide here, in my first year, and sometimes after." Luna had enjoyed having one place that nobody else knew about, one place from which nothing ever disappeared. "The castle showed it to me." She stood up and set the tall candelabrum upright beside the desk.  There were three branches to it, so she set a candle in each, and the one she had already lit went in the center. With four candles burning, the room was immediately more welcoming, less sinister.

She gave the worn bronze of the candelabrum a final caress before pocketing her wand and turning back to Neville.  He had not gotten up from the floor as the furniture righted itself around him. Now, with neither wand nor sword, staring at his empty hands, he simply looked lost.

Luna bent and took his hand, urging him to his feet. "Neville? Are you sure you're all right?"

His fingers tightened on hers. He looked down at her - and when had he gotten so tall, anyway? - and shrugged. "I don't know," he whispered at last.

She took hold of his other hand. "It's okay," she said. "You don't have to be."

Quite suddenly he pulled her close, hugging her so tightly to him that at first she could barely breathe. She wriggled her arms free enough to embrace him in return, and ran her hands down his back. He was shaking. "It's okay," she repeated, resting her head on his shoulder. "It's okay."

His arms gentled around her at last, and he pulled back enough to see her face. "I thought they had killed you, when you didn't come back," he whispered.

She smiled, and if her smile had a touch of hysteria to it, well, it was only to be expected hours after such a battle. "I'm harder to kill than they think."

And he laughed, as she had hoped he would.

She