you weren't before, you’re definitely crying now as you nod over and over again, hands shaking as he puts the ring on you. He slides the other onto his finger, before tossing the box aside and kissing you gently. He presses his forehead against yours and whispers a thousand little ‘I love you’s’ that you’re too choked up to repeat. 

He slides onto the couch next to you, and holds you tightly until you’ve calmed down enough to speak. 

“So, uhh…” You begin, shakily, before clearing your throat. “So how are we going to do this? Are we gonna cut your, uhh, well I guess it’ll have to be a leg because your arms are too small, but, are we gonna cut your leg off clean? And I eat it while you’re at the hospital?” You ramble off, looking at his face the whole time. 

He seems deep in thought for a moment, before shaking his head. “I don’t want to, uhh, lose a leg for nothing, y’know? So I, well, I think it’ll be better if you just eat off of me. While it's still attached. It'll hurt more, but...it’ll probably be more convincing to the spirit. Plus we can explain it as, like, a dog attack to the hospital.” He seems determined, so as much as you hate the thought of causing him more pain, you nod in agreement. 

He looks down for a moment before nodding, and standing up. He pulls the tarp off and lays it on the ground, taping the corners down before sitting down in the middle. If it wasn't such a dire situation it would look quite hilarious - John Egbert, your dorky John Egbert, sitting naked in the middle of a taped-down black tarp in the middle of your kitchen, patting the tarp in front of him to get you to sit with him. 

But the situation is dire, and you only have a passing thought of how strange it looks before you’re settling into the floor in front of him, proximity making your stomach growl with renewed vigor. 

“Dave?” John says, voice wavering a bit. “Promise me something.”

“Anything.” You reply instantly, staring into his eyes. 

“I’m, well, I'm bad with pain. I'm gonna scream a lot. I'm gonna kick you, and fist your hair, and maybe punch you some. But don't stop. Not, not that I really think you'll be able to but don't, don't try. Don't tear yourself up over it. I want this. I mean I really wish it didn't have to happen, but knowing I can help you… I want this, Dave. I want to help you. Don't be guilty.”

You freeze up for a second, knowing this is your weak point, knowing that he knows it too. But you also know how much he really, truly cares about you. You nod, and press forward to kiss him. “I'll try, John. I. Any promise but I swear that I’ll try.” You murmur just before your lips meet his. 

It's a chaste kiss, but you can feel your adrenaline begin to charge into overdrive at the proximity, and have to fight to resist the urge to bite through his soft, delicious lips. 

You kiss your way down his body, lingering for a moment on his left pec before heading down over his stomach. “Dave, please don't try to give me a blowjob before this. I really don't need to lose my dick along with my leg.” 

You snort, blow a raspberry into his belly-button, and move a little further town. As you reach his hips you pause, flash him a devious grin, and press one single quick kiss onto the side of his flaccid dick before quickly ducking out of the way of a kick. He yells your name in anger, but quickly settles back down. 

Joking aside, you’re really having trouble right now. Your vision is blurring, your mouth filling with saliva. Your teeth feel too big, too sharp - you can feel them cutting your tongue and cheeks. You shuffle further down, laying your body over his lower legs and trapping his knees. You grab his thighs and hold still for a moment, mouth open. You hear John’s breathing pick up, then hold in anticipation. 

...This is it.
You give in. 

It all comes forth in an adrenaline rush, hunger and beastly instincts and everything you’d ever held back in your life. You sink your teeth into his thigh quickly, clamping and shaking like a dog to tear the piece off. You feel warmth on your teeth, a gush then squirt of blood. You had been expecting, hoping, that when it got down to it you would be in a hunger haze and