kids no one ever cared about. She couldn’t disagree and couldn’t let it go. The only thing she could do is to see her in those missing posters that get ripped down, and hates herself even more.)

Imagine an Artemis who has mostly concrete documentation on every loose end that Strange tried to tie up. Imagine an Artemis with a thick stack of file folders and a disdain for the man who deems himself worthy of his doctorate. Imagine an Artemis who refuses to back down when the Bat tries to intimidate her (to protect her), because if he’s got such bigger things to worry about, then he should let her handle this, let her do this for that community.

Because that’s really what her streets are, were. They’re not the narrows, not the cesspools of the city. They’re a shamble of a community. It was small and cracked but it was theirs. It was theirs and they knew her mother by name and always asked if she needed bus money when she was alone on the street. They were a community with a dying population that no one cares about full of people that the Bat doesn’t really have time for. Not that she blames him. Scarecrow poisoning the watering hole is a bit more important than the number of presumed runaways continually shooting up.

(However, she did have the time to sift through numbers that don’t add up, cells that shouldn’t have be filled, because she doesn’t have an antidote anyway. This is the least she can do, all that she has to give. Because her mother really cannot afford the meals and she still can’t afford the scholarship.)

Imagine an Artemis that wants to study law, not so she can prosecute the criminals who make her classmates clutch their pearl and diamond tennis bracelets, but to rescue the ones who never learned their rights well enough to know that they can exercise them. Imagine her pouring over books of grants and scholarships when she’s not pouring over textbooks and study guides. Imagine her wanting to earn the right to her future this time.

Imagine an Artemis that, upon her acceptance into the academy, after her resulting argument with her mother, and after the subsequent acceptance, learned to hold her tongue. She was chosen, meaning it is not her place to remind the public of those who weren’t. She learned to hold her tongue, by pressing it behind her teeth, so it won’t show when she poses for the picture on the pamphlet.

Sometimes it would catch on the edge of a canine and the pain that shot through her was sharp enough to remind her why she’s still here.

Imagine an Artemis who bides her time. Imagine one that learns the system, practices the game, and prepares for the battle of her life. Imagine an Artemis who bites her cheek and smiles too sharply to be sweet, who participates in team sports, who sweetly speaks French back at her teacher, and who sits with her legs crossed at the ankle at promotional meets for the school. Imagine an Artemis who enlists Bette, the most natural Queen Bee she’s ever seen, in teaching her all of the nuances of getting her way.

Imagine this Artemis from a position of power that she carefully clawed her way into. Watch her in your mind’s eye as she spits out resistance to the bullshit that she’s expected to accept spoon-fed down her throat. Imagine an Artemis who is grateful, but not forgetful. One that knows she’s lucky but also owes no one her tragedy.

(Imagine an Artemis who knows that she’s lucky enough to not even be remotely considered a tragedy. Imagine her knowing what true tragedies look like, and that they don’t have clean nails at the end of well-calloused, rough hands.)

Imagine an Artemis who has seen the world at its worst, and is unfazed by anything less. Imagine an Artemis who has seen others’ ignoring her when the world’s at its most, and is unfazed by them as well. She’s walked both sides of the line, worn overly-patched jeans as well as knife-pleated skirts. She’d make it wearing either one.

This Artemis would still have her anger, still let it fester like a low burning ember. She’d still hold it close to her chest, as a shield for her, for the world. She’d still have learned it from her sister, though this may have been from her leaving or from her staying. This Artemis would wield that anger and those pleats and her blonde hair and precise smile as a weapon. She was a schoolgirl, a scholarship kid, but she was also a warrior.

Imagine an Artemis that found her place in the world amongst the gymnasts, who thoroughly worked their way through all seven sins. Envy and pride were the tenets of their house, pushing them to do better. They were greedy for more and unapologetic. “Why should I be ashamed of wanting?”, one girl recalled during an account of a confrontation with a boy who