“Are we really going to the zoo again?” One of Teshima’s students looked up at him with her arms crossed. “Why? The zookeeper almost never speaks, you do literally all the talking we might as well still be in class.”

“We’re going to learn about different animals this time.” Teshima shrugged. “Besides I thought you were one of the ones who said you wanted more hands on learning?”

She made an irritable noise and left class, though she did take the permission slip with her. Teshima supposed they had been making quite a few trips to the zoo but honestly there was to much there for them to cover in just one day trip. It was better to split it up into several so they could explore each part of the zoo in depth. Plus the quiet zookeeper she’d mentioned was always happy to show them around. 

And so a week or so later Teshima walked his class into the zoo to meet up with the quiet zookeeper. 

“Okay everyone remembers Aoyagi right?”

“Hello again Aoyagi.” The class spoke as one which would have been a bit creepy except they went through this routine every few weeks. 

“Alright guys let’s go then! Today we’re learning about the large cats!” Teshima grinned and followed half a step behind Aoyagi as he showed them around the zoo. It was a good field trip as far as Teshima was concerned. They got to go behind the scenes and watch the cats be fed and talked about how and what cats should eat. Eventually they made it to the class room like area where Aoyagi gave them a presentation on big cats. The Q & A part of the discussions was Teshima’s favourite part. 

“So because it’s genetic about half of all cats both big and small really like catnip, they also all love playing in and with boxes.” Teshima grinned and looked around. “So does anyone remember some of the differences we discussed?”

A handful of them raised their hands and Aoyagi pointed to one of them.

“Big cats can roar and little cats cant.” Aoyagi nodded at the answer and raised his eyebrows. 

“Thats right, does anyone remember why that is?” Teshima asked looking around at the class. Aoyagi pointed to another kid who’s hand was up. 

“They have different bones in their throats, big cats have one that lets them roar and domestic cats have one that allows them to purr.” 

“Correct does anyone else remember another difference?” Teshima waited a beat before pointing to someone who hadn’t answered yet.

“Both big cats and small cats do the friendly headbut thing.” The kid’s answer made Aoyagi nod rapidly. They hadn’t actually gone over that one but it was true and one of the big cats had greeted Aoyagi that way when they got to watch him interact with one of the cats.

“Exactly, good job paying attention.” Teshima grinned at the kid before checking the time. “Alright guys our time here is up everyone remember to thank Aoyagi for his time and then pack up your things.”

“Thank you Aoyagi!” Everyone said before they started gathering everything they’d spread about in the classroom area. 

Just as they were about to leave Aoyagi gestured Teshima over. 

“That was great Aoyagi. Thanks for always teaching them with me.” Teshima grinned at him as he walked over. 

“You don’t always have to use the kids as an excuse to see me you know.” The zookeeper smiled slightly and handed him a slip of paper. “Eventually I’m going to run out of things to teach them.”

Teshima stared at him for a moment trying to process that Aoyagi had just said more words in a row than he’d ever heard him say before. The paper he tucked into his pocket automatically.

“Are you coming teacher?” One of the kids called out. Teshima turned to see half of them staring at him. 

“Yeah I’m coming I was just thanking Aoyagi for his lessons today.” Teshima nodded. 

“We already thanked him.” The girl who always seemed to intuitive for her own good came up to him as they walked back to the bus. “Did he finally give you his number?”

Teshima frowned down at her. 

“Good. Maybe now we can have a field trip to somewhere other than the zoo.” She grinned and skipped off to catch up with one of her classmates. 

It took Teshima almost a week to convince himself to text the number Aoyagi had given him. The response was an almost instant [!]. He felt a grin spread over his face as he made plans to meet up with Aoyagi for coffee after work the next day. It wasn’t until after they stopped texting that it occurred to Teshima that he would have to stop bringing his class to the zoo as the school might raise eyebrows now. 