her face.

Regina struggled for an idea of what to do now. How would she ever be able to explain Henry about his mother being in prison? What would the people of Storybrooke think? They probably wouldn't support her as a mayor anymore.

"Alright, Miss Swan, let's find an agreement here," Regina suggested. "You obviously want to see me suffer. So, what is there I can do that makes this little sin remain just between you and I?"

The blonde stepped a bit closer up to the brunette. "Well, what do you think would be the right price to pay for your little sin, Madame Mayor?"

Regina sighed. "Anything," she replied confidently.

"Anything ... Are you sure?" Emma wanted to know, putting a hand on Regina's wrist.

Regina was convinced to stay focused and get out of that cell quickly, without anyone noticing what had happened. "Yes, anything," she repeated.

"Just what I was hoping to hear!" Emma pushed Regina softly so she fell onto the bed in the cell. Bowing over her, Emma whispered in her ear, "What we will do now will help you to clear your conscience."

Regina pushed the Sherrif back slightly. "Hold on a second. What exactly do you want us to do, Miss Swan?"

The blonde started by taking the brunette's cloak off. "First of all," she started, "I want you to stop calling me Miss Swan. Call me Emma, darling. Now, get up and turn around." When Regina got up from the bed, Emma unzipped her dress. Regina peered over her shoulders to see the satisfaction in Emma's face when Regina's bra und thong appeared as her dress slipped down to the ground.

"Next," Emma continued while taking off her red leather jacket, "you're going to undress me, babe."

Regina stared at the Sherrif in disbelief.

"Don't just look at me," Emma demanded, "undress me!" She set down on the bed and held her hands out to Regina. Regina hesitated for a moment, but then she stepped closer to Emma and sat down on her lap.

"What are you waiting for?" Emma asked quietly, but decisively. "Take off my shirt!"

Regina hesitated for a short moment, but then she put her hands on Emma's shirt and pulled it over the blonde's head, exposing her black bra.

"Don't be so shy, Madame Mayor," Emma hissed. "Touch them!" She took Regina's hands and put them on her boobs. "Feel them ... work them with your beautiful hands, babe."

Regina shook her head in disbelief. Could all this be true? Or was she just in the middle of one of her most unspeakable dreams?

"Alright," Regina suddenly said, determined that there was no reason to hesitate and hold back her longing for Emma anymore. "I'm sure you're not expecting this, Emma." Still sitting on the blonde's lap, Regina puts her arms around her in order to unzip her black bra, which she then threw away passionately. "You don't know how long I've been imagining this in my wildest dreams," Regina hisses into Emma's ear, licking it slightly and then letting her tongue glide to Emma's cheek, down her neck, over her shoulder untit it finally made its way towards Emma's beautiful brests. Emma couldn't believe what she saw - and felt, when Regina gently bit on her nipple.

"So tell me, Sheriff, what else is there to be done in order to make up for my terrible, terrible sin," Regina teased the blonde while letting her right hand slide into Emma's panties.

Emma closed her eyes and moaned loudly when Regina's fingertips softly touched her clit for the very first time. "Oh my God!" She couldn't help but yelling out loudly in arousal.

"Tell me," Regina repeated, "What shall I do? I don't want to be your prisoner here ... Locked up behind bars, maybe even shackled with handcuffs..." With those words, Regina took the handcuffs off Emma's Jeans and put them around her wrists. Then, she attached the other end of the handcuffs to the bed that the two women were sitting on.

"Now," Regina said with a satisfied tone in her voice, "I can do with you whatever I desire, Sheriff." She took her hand out of Emma's panties.

Emma was irritated. "Why are you stopping? Go on, darling!" she demanded.

"First," Regina said, "I am going to take back that necklace, without you complaining about this."

"Alright," Emma requited. "This was not about the necklace, anyway."

Regina smirked. "I know that. You don't care if anyone steals from Mr. Gold or not. He's wealthy enough, anyway. You just wanted to put me in this position ... but look at you