usual oversized blue sweater for a red flannel shirt. He gives the command for Harry’s battery power, letting out a groan when he finds out Harry’s charge is at a measly twenty-two percent. Unplugging Harry’s connectors, Niall recites another command, using a force start to wake him up.

“Good morning, Niall. What can I help you with today?”

“Remember Zayn from the market? I have a date with him in a few minutes and I need you there.”

“Zayn? Oh, yes! The android you wish to mate with, I remember him.”

“Harry,” Niall groans, embarrassed. He grabs a forest green scarf his mother left behind and turns it into a headband, tying it around Harry’s messy curls to make him look somewhat presentable. “Zayn will be picking us up soon, but you’re not at a full charge. Do you think you can manage for two hours?”

Harry leans forward to stand up, but falls right back down onto his seat. “I may need a while to recalibrate.”

“Maybe I should call it off. I’ll tell Zayn to come back once you’re at minimum capacity, that way you won't be as tired.”

“Such jokes you make,” Harry laughs, adjusting his headband. “I do not mind if you leave me here to charge. In fact, I believe my absence will increase the chances of an intimate encounter,” he suggests, slowly wiggling his brows.

“Don’t make things up like that, I need you with me and you know it,” Niall says in desperation. “You say my memory’s strong enough, but I know I’ll forget and I — I want to remember this. I want to remember Zayn.”

“You already have.”

Niall feels his shoulders relax a little, hugging Harry tightly as soon as he’s able to stand up. There’s a knock on the door right after, and Niall takes a deep breath, taking long strides with Harry slowly following behind.

“We can do this, can’t we?”

“Of course. Your mother would be pleased to know of this.”

“Please don’t bring this up to her,” Niall grimaces. “Do I look okay, though?”

Harry gives him a once over, ending it with a nod. “Your fly is open.”

—

Lunch goes off without a hitch. Niall finds himself laughing a lot more than he’s used to with Zayn, speaking freely in the comforts of a restaurant rather than the produce section of a tiny market. The two spend their time chatting and trying out different sushi, even going as far as daring each other to eat large amounts of wasabi. But for all their dares, neither of them can hide the fact that they genuinely like each other.

Niall checks on Harry every once in a while, just to make sure he’s still functioning as best as he can. When he gives the command for Harry’s battery power, he’s down to sixteen percent, and Niall’s worried he’ll be drained before they get back home.

“Do not worry about me, I am the least of your troubles,” he tells Niall with a weak grin. His right eye begins to twitch when he looks at Zayn, who accidentally confuses it for a flirtatious wink when he points it out.

“How very amusing of you to believe I am capable of wooing,” Harry playfully flips his hair. “However, it is evident your body language suggests you have an ulterior motive with my owner. My analysis? A sexual act to be performed and reciprocated, preferably a sixty-nine.”

“Is he always like this?” Zayn asks, amazed.

“You have no idea,” Niall sighs.

—

The date comes to an end after two hours in the restaurant, and another at a coffee shop. Zayn and Niall walk beside each other, while Harry slowly shuffles ahead of them towards their apartment. Their backs of their hands touch, sending a slight jolt between them. Niall can hear Zayn take a deep breath, both of them looking at each other before turning away with a smile.

The door to Niall’s place is slightly ajar when they reach it, and he takes a peek inside to make sure Harry hasn’t collapsed. Niall makes a slow turn, facing Zayn as he leans against the door frame.

“I had a really great time today, it’s been a while for me.”

“I don’t go on a lot of dates, but I really wanted us to get out of that dumb market, you know?” Zayn bites his lip, then slowly inches his way towards Niall until the tips of their noses touch. “Sorry,” he laughs.

“If you wanted to kiss me you should have done it by now,” Niall smirks, and Zayn hesitates for a moment before he lays a quick and chaste kiss on Niall’s lips.

“How was that?”

“You can do better.”

Zayn can’t help but laugh