was this hard and he's accepted that voyeurism is not his thing. 

 

"You don't have to be so careful with him," End Dean acknowledges. The feet of the chair skid against the floor as he stands from the table, cigarette still hanging between his lips. "He'll tell you if it's too much...if he wants to stop. Not that I remember the last time that happened or anything," he continues with an affectionate, almost dark, laugh. His footsteps sound against the wood panels with intimidating control, only ceasing when he's standing parallel to his time traveling self with Castiel sprawled out on the table between them. "This isn't your first time together, remember? It's just a dream, Dean." He hopes to coax the shyness out of his copy by stressing the truth behind their situation because he knows that the novelty of his gentleness will wear off eventually. 

 

"Besides," Dean narrows his eyes and plucks the cigarette from his mouth before hunching over. Not breaking eye contact with the other Dean, he rests his hands on either side of Castiel and exhales in his face. "Cas can take it. He can take everything and anything we can dish out," slowly, he lowers his eyes and smiles down at his partner, "isn't that right, Sweetheart?" 

 

Cas moans--actually moans--and arches off of the table under Dean's indirect praise. He's such a wreck--a beautiful disaster really, but he knows what he wants and that's more than most people in their position can say. He is so desensitized, they both are, but the desire to just feel something is so strong now. No, it's not even a desire anymore; it's a compulsion. 

 

While Castiel sits up, End Dean takes the final drag of his cigarette and shucks off his jacket. He discards the smoke in a nearby ashtray as he rounds the corner of the table and positions himself directly behind his copy, essentially trapping him there between himself and Cas. Needless to say, Past Dean tenses at the first contact between him and his future self but his body grows accustomed to the familiar touch faster than he could ever anticipate. 

 

"Just take a minute to think about it," End Dean murmurs, voice low and enticing. He leans in close to the other Dean's ear and delicately raises a hand to wrap around his throat. "I know your body better than anyone. I can touch you how you want to be touched, kiss you how you want to be kissed," he whispers, easing the other's head and giving his throat a lazy squeeze. "And Cas, well..." he smiles into the bare shoulder of his copy and peers down at Cas who is already in the process of unfastening Past Dean's pants. "Cas is a natural." 

 

Past Dean gulps and inhales shakily when he feels his doppelganger's other hand descend his bare torso. His fingertips brush against the narrow patch of hair that trails from his bellybutton to his briefs before plunging past the waistband there and skillfully wrapping around his arching arousal. The abruptness of it all almost has Dean doubling over but the firm hold around his throat keeps him upright. 

 

"I can tease you the way you want to be teased, stroke you the way you want to be stroked," he continues, jerking Past Dean's cock in heavy, long strokes. "I can bring you right to the fucking edge," he growls into his ear and tightens the grip around his neck while simultaneously releasing his dick, "and leave you hanging there because that's what we fucking love, Dean." Grinning, End Dean glances over the other's shoulder and licks his lips at the sight of his desperate lover palming himself through his pants. "C'mon, Cas. End of the world doesn't mean the end of hospitality," Dean lets out smoothly. He has to physically bite his tongue at the mischievous, little smile Cas flashes his way before he eases himself off of the table and lowers onto his knees. 

 

From the first swipe of Cas' flat tongue, Dean knows he's a goner. Moans and curses spill from his lips shamelessly as the former angel works his sweet mouth over his cock, slurping and savoring and humming like he's fucking grateful for it. 

 

"Is it everything you dreamed of?" End Dean grunts out, rubbing his copy's Adam's apple roughly. "You know we dreamed about it, Cas? Don't you?" he adds, shifting his attention to Cas who promptly stares up with hallowed cheeks. "Dreamed of how good it would feel to have your pretty, little lips wrapped around our cock. How fucking gorgeous you'd look staring up at us with a big dick in your mouth," End Dean sighs harshly, reaching down with his unoccupied hand to soothe his fingers through Castiel's dark hair. 

 

Castiel looks entirely content at that moment. Dean doesn't know if it's from the attention or from the lingering high of any