thought, both Widowmaker and Amélie Lacroix find themselves in their lover’s arms in the back alleyways of King’s Row.

It is a chance meeting, but one that Amélie is certain of. This is the woman that she has been searching for. And at first glance, she feels the same twinge that she has been unconsciously repressing all this time.

They meet, one night, by way of Widowmaker swinging down to grab her off of the ledge of an old building on King’s Row. Tracer doesn’t stand a chance, being completely unaware of a snipers existence in this field, on what is usually an easy enough recon mission to her. As she is swept up, she tries, desperately, to recall back in time upon feeling strong arm around her waist and wrists, but finds it impossible to with her hands held in place.

But then Tracer begins to recognize the scent, and then the grip, colder than she remembers. Lena Oxton feels her lips purse as they tremble, battling with any possible shred of hope that this woman holding her is Amélie Lacroix, before she can’t help but begin to weep.

“Amélie?!” She finally cries out just before they land roughly on top of a building.

Widowmaker didn’t really plan where to land. She had never felt this way before. If she had to guess their location amidst the gunfire echoing off the bricks below, she thinks it to be some kind of pub, near to the industrial noises of the factory’s entrance – and Lena scrambles towards the pale skin of the woman she has been so desperately searching for the past year.

At first, Widowmaker can’t understand the reaction of the small, brown-haired, spiky woman before her, beating gently on her shoulders with her fists, and steaming up her own goggles with her tears before pushing them up to her hair. But then Lena begins to ease, throwing her guns literally to the side despite Widowmaker’s appearance, with hands warmly grabbing at her face. Widowmaker feels her eyes flicker shut against her touch, and places a hand against Tracer’s.

“Amélie, is that you? Can you really be here?” she stammers through her tears. Widowmaker sits, silent and stalwart, stiffly outstretched arms around Lena Oxton, and leans down to kiss her lips.

Widowmaker is viewing this as a test to herself, but inside, the love Amélie feels is screaming. The two recognize that Lena Oxton is the one that they love.

Their first kiss in months is difficult. It isn’t uncomfortable, but it is difficult emotionally.

They kiss for a long time, and neither feels no urge to remove herself from the situation.

They initially kiss hard, and a little clumsily at first. Lena’s desperation, Widowmaker’s nonchalance at being kissed; but eventually their lips soften, softening into a noticeably familiar rhythm, with Lena’s arms wrapping around her neck, and Widowmaker feels that her own legs are still scrambled beneath her in a squashed, semi-comfortable position, but she doesn’t really care about that.

Lena’s lips against her own feels almost like coming home, and even though Lena knows something isn’t right, to her, Amélie is here, and she’s kissing her, and that’s all that matters in these moments.

Widowmaker loses herself for the first time in months to the comfort; allowing the smallest part of Amélie Lacroix to take over, to beg wordlessly with her kisses and her touches for Tracer to please, please rescue her, please, god, get her out of this shell.

The moment she realizes that Amélie is beginning to take over, Widowmaker shoves Lena off in almost a defensive reflex.

“Amélie?!” Tracer asks in a blinking surprise, lips still pouted from a sudden removal of a kiss, before softening her gaze into one of a sad confusion. Widowmaker looks down at her own hands in contempt; she allowed herself to compromise the mission for her own personal beliefs. Her head is pounding.

“I…” she mumbles, her voice cracking a little, and she gasps at herself for allowing this kind of emotion to seep through.

Lena also gasps in turn at hearing her voice; if only for one syllable; and before she realizes it, Widowmaker scrambles to her feet, runs to the edge of the building, hooks herself to the furthest place her grapple can reach, and before Tracer can call out again, she is gone.

That first reunion was two years ago.

During the time between then and now, they slept together only twice, but have fucked many more times than that. Tracer and Widowmaker might be enemies on paper, but Amélie and Lena were devoted lovers. Every time Widowmaker swung around to wherever Tracer was stationed, it was a silent, unspoken, deeply intense liaison.

Lena never knew where Widowmaker was. She was always found. Gibraltar, Dorado, King's Row; sometimes it took weeks, but Tracer always allowed herself to be found. She longed for it with every moment that passed.

When they would meet, the intensity would hit