Not even wandered. Wandering implied that there were thoughts where instead there was only a howling abyss.

“-gane.”

Imagining a hell worse than this was impossible. Keith stared at the curl of his fingers on the desk, the tiny creases at each knuckle. Tiny silver scars dotted his skin here and there, a hazard of training, and Keith turned his hands over to find each one. Shiro had bandaged this one, here on the heel of his hand, a worried pucker between his brows. He had sighed over this one on his finger before finding the antiseptic and band aids, and-

“Kogane!”

Oh.

His attention gained, Keith looked up. Commander Ryu was making a sympathetic expression, but he waved at the door, where a First Lieutenant hovered. “You're being called to the Captain's office. You're dismissed.”

Keith stood. Didn't bother saluting, which caused a quiet stir around him, but Commander Ryu had always been more lenient with him than, say, Iverson, who wasn't lenient with anyone. He gathered his supplies with numb hands and wordlessly followed the officer to Captain Morrison's office. Luckily, he wasn't made to wait, just shown right in.

Captain Morrison's shoulders were slumped, lines heavy down his face, but he still mustered a congenial smile for Keith when he came through the door. Gesturing Keith into a seat, he began to shuffle papers around on his desk, moving one stack here and there as he searched through the relatively mild mess. “Cadet, we called you here to give you the news. After some thorough investigation of the Kerberos mission and the accident there,” and here, Captain Morrison let out a heavy sigh, “the Galaxy Garrison has officially declared Takashi Shirogane and the other members of the Kerberos mission missing, presumed dead.”

Keith's heart stopped, as it did every time he had heard. He knew. It didn't stop being heartbreaking. But Morrison had paused there, clearly expecting some kind of answer. Keith swallowed past the lump in his throat once, twice. Asked, voice thick with unspoken emotion, “What about it?”

Gently, the Captain said, “I know this must be hard to hear, but. As his husband, you are his next of kin. All of his belongings go to you. There are arrangements for his pension to go to your account too, once Accounting gets their paperwork in order, but they'll need-”

“Wait, what?” Keith asked again, for entirely different reasons.

Morrison paused, hands on a few sheets of paper he was preparing to pass over to Keith. “His effects. Since he's been declared dead, his belongings go to the next of kin, which, since you're legally married, is you. All I need right now-”

“No, no, I got that much.” Keith set shaking fists against his knees, pressing hard to make something in this room feel real. “What do you mean, “husband”?”

And for a single, perfect moment, they were together, and they were happy.

I really don't have much to say here except enjoy! Have fun with the cameo in this one, and kudos to you if know you who it is (it's not hard to figure out).

Chapter title comes from "You're All I Have" by Snow Patrol

Keith slapped the – the paper (he couldn't bring himself to call it a marriage license because that was- too much. Too real) onto the desk in front of a very surprised looking Second Lieutenant Mulcahy, who blinked owlishly at it before looking up at Keith.

“Yes?” he asked, mild, adjusting his glasses.

“You married us?”

Lieutenant Mulcahy, the chaplain of the Galaxy Garrison, smiled serenely, if a bit sadly. Keith hated it, hated the expression in a way that he couldn't put words to, the simple smile igniting a core of rage he thought had extinguished. “No, no, you and Lieutenant-Commander Shirogane only married each other. I officiated, yes, and I do understand that it was in a bit of a rush but-”

“We were drunk!” Keith protested. He didn't know what he was doing. Nothing made sense anymore. This didn't matter. Nothing mattered anymore. It never would. He didn't know why he was so hung up on this. Shiro was-

“But very sincere.” Mulcahy took the paper, holding it up with that same serene sadness that Keith was starting to think was just his default expression. “Who was I to deny you both, when he was going to be gone for so long? Everyone knows how much you two care, ah, cared for each other.”

And that was all it took.

That little shift from present to past tense.

Keith's next breath trembled on the verge of a sob, a dry, heaving sort of noise, and he clasped a hand to his mouth, shaking his head violently