Bobby’d never kissed a man in his life; had never particularly felt any desire to; certainly never imagined that he would actually do it - and all of that went double and triple for demons. There wasn’t anything about Crowley that turned Bobby on, because if – and it was a big ‘if’ – at this late stage in the game Bobby was going to decide to bat for the other team, he certainly wouldn’t want to test the waters with a demon.

It’s just that… the kiss was for his soul. His very soul. That was big. That was HUGE. His soul meant something – meant everything - to him. Bobby wasn’t going to let it go for just a little peck.

So he kissed Crowley, really kissed him. Crowley made a shocked-sounding huff, and somehow Bobby knew, even though his eyes were squeezed shut, that Crowley’s had opened, that the demon was watching him. He didn’t look, didn’t want to see.

The last person Bobby had kissed was his dead wife and before that, well, it had been a while. But there was no doubt that this kiss was nothing like any other kiss in his entire life. There was a wider mouth and the scratch of stubble and the feeling that, for once, he wasn’t the one in the driver's seat. There was fear and anger and a profound sense of loss. There was the faint aroma of smoke, the certainty that beneath Crowley's sarcasm and suavity there was something old and fathomless and infinitely dark, and there was the painful knowledge that this kiss was an unbreakable vow, just as the kiss he'd shared with Karen on their wedding day had been.

Bobby opened his mouth and again Crowley inhaled in surprise, and Bobby took advantage of that to push his tongue between Crowley’s lips. For a second he felt Crowley stiffen, but then he got with the program and slid his tongue against Bobby's and it was suddenly something altogether different – lots of lip action, lots of tongue, lots of heat. Somehow Crowley’s hand was at the back of Bobby’s head, and his hand was fisted in Crowley’s coat and he was tugging him closer and kissing him deep and dirty and all Bobby could think was it’s my soul, oh my God, my soul you bastard.

That’s why it had to be good. That’s why yes, he’d had to use tongue (and Crowley damn well knew it too, when he’d thrown that back in his face).

It was a long, slow, thorough kiss, but like every kiss, it came to an end. Crowley pulled back and there was a strange, pregnant moment when he hovered there, mere inches away, eyes closed, cheeks slightly flushed, and Bobby had the funniest feeling that he was contemplating diving back in for another go.

As for whether Bobby was contemplating it as well, he’d rather not think about that.

In the end, Crowley straightened up with an almost regretful sigh.

“Well.” He looked at Bobby as if he were reassessing everything he’d previously assumed about him. “I haven’t been kissed like that in a very long time.” He quirked an eyebrow. “You’re just full of surprises, aren’t you?”

“Ain’t I just?” Bobby muttered. “You got what you wanted. Now get outta my house.”

He wheeled himself toward the living room, in search of the bottle of whiskey he’d left on the coffee table, and when he returned Crowley was gone, and Bobby’s soul with him.

*

“Why’d you do it?” Bobby asked.

They were standing in the yard while the boys loaded up the vehicles. Bobby’s legs were wobbly as a newborn colt’s, but he was standing on them. Wasn’t about to sit down again, not until he fell down.

“Can’t you guess?” Crowley countered.

“I just can’t figure where you stand to gain from givin’ me my legs back.”

“Of course you can’t. That’s because I don’t.” Crowley shoved his hands into his coat pockets, gazed around them with a flat, disinterested stare.

“So?” When Crowley finally met his eyes, Bobby asked again. “Why’d you do it?”

Crowley tilted his head, giving Bobby a look that brought it all back to him – the terror of that kiss, and the goodness of it, and the way that a part of him hadn’t really wanted it to end.

“I’ve been making deals for centuries and I can count on one hand the people who’ve kissed me like you did. I liked it - your pain, and your passion - so I decided it was worth making a little extra effort on your behalf." Crowley shrugged. "Consider it my way of saying thank you.”

Bobby frowned at that.