buys 300 cartons of milk and then just gives them away to people? How is that going to help me in the real world? I don’t need that much milk, and I’m certainly not going to let some random dude give me his milk.” You huffed out in frustration. Stiles just looked at you for a second, before bursting out in laughter. It was second before you realised what he was laughing at.  

“Stiles! Get your mind out of the gutter!” You laughed as you hit him with his own pillow. 

“Oh yeah y/n you stay away from that dudes milk.” His laughter persisted, and got louder with every swipe of the feather pillow. “Okay, okay y/n I give, that….ow!” He grabbed the pillow and sat on it with a smug look on his face, however at the same time, you both spotted the second pillow, a sly smirk spread across your face.  

“y/n, don’t you dare. We’re supposed to be studying, or do you want to fail this test?” He started but it was too late, you had already dived for the pillow and rolled off the bed with it.  

Stiles slowly stood on the bed, taking a fighting stance, he swirled the pillow around like a sword as best he could, but with it being a pillow it looked less badass then he had hoped. 

“Your dad’s still at work right?” You asked as you mimicked his stance.  

“Yep….Free for all, no room out of bounds.” He replied trying to sound like he was from an old western movie.  

“I win, we drop the studying and watch a movie instead.” You copied his tone, adding on a southern accent to your voice.  

“And I win, we go back to studying…and you buy the pizza we’re gonna order.” He squints at you for good measure.  

“Deal.”  

For what seems like an eternity neither of you move, your heart is pounding in your chest so hard you can hear it in your ears, you know any second someone is going to make a move, then Stiles smirks and lunges off the bed at you, and with a squeal you race to the door, pissed that you had closed it when you entered earlier.  

Stiles comes at you from the other side of the room, but just before his pillow hits your head, you’ve gotten the door open and are out in the hall, you make a split second decision to head down stairs, careful not to trip and fall, you jump the final few steps and land with a thud, just as Stiles reaches the top of them, he laughs.  

“Slippery one aren’t ya?” He taunts as he barrels down the stairs.  

“Maybe I just really hate math!” You laugh over your shoulder at him as you enter the living room.  

The game then becomes a combination of a pillow fight and the floor is lava as you both maneuver over furniture, swiping at one another, knocking things to the floor and laughing as you each hit your target, but not enough to make the other fall or admit defeat.  

After an intense battle, that has left the living room in shambles. You’re both on opposite ends of the couch, panting, tired, both looking disheveled and sweaty, to an outsider this would have looked like really weird foreplay, but this was you and Stiles, there had always been with quirky bond between the two of you, you shared very similar interests, and had countless inside jokes, it was clear to anyone who knew you both that you loved each other dearly. And you did love him, possibly more than you let on, but no matter how much the brown eyed boy meant to you, you were not going to lose this war.  

“Ready to give up?” Stiles smiles, slightly out of breath.  

“Never!” You dramatically exclaim. Stiles then gives you the ‘bring it on’ gesture with his free hand, as he balances between his couch cushion and the armrest, giving him an uneven footing. You get an evil idea.You throw you’re pillow so it lands on the floor behind him, he looks confused and then betrayed as you dash forward and knock him off balance, not hard enough so the fall would hurt him, but enough to get him to lose. He lands safely on the pillow with a thud, his own pillow then hitting him in the face.  

You move to stand where moments ago he had stood, triumphant.  

“It’s over Anakin, I have the high ground.” You quote, feeling quite smug in your victory. A victory that is short lived, as a pillow hits you in the face, and you are pulled down to the floor with Stiles.  

“Cheater!” you exclaim as you hit him with the pillow again.  

“Well if I’m going to burn in lava so are you.” He joked as he moved some of your hair out of your face. “Ew, sweaty.” He laughed.  

“Hey!