hips going harsh and erratic before he forced the rhythm back and he liked to think it was because Derek was holding out for him to cum first. 

Even if that wasn’t the reason, it was always the result. Tonight was no different as Stiles was soon crying out around Derek’s fingers, body tensed and shaking as he came all over his desk and what few papers had managed to stay on top. Derek found a new place to mark with his teeth and Stiles could feel the snarl vibrate in his chest where it was pressed against his back, could feel the hotness that flooded inside him, could feel where the claws on his neck pricked a drop or two of blood that rolled down his sweaty flushed skin. 

Everything was suddenly to much and not enough, pleasure welling up into he was blind and dumb, only able to hear the rushing blood in his ears and feel the vibrations of growls that slowly faded down to a low rumble. 

Stiles came back to himself still bent over the desk, pants around his thighs and stomach pressed into what he was pretty sure was his own cum on what he hoped was not an important paper. He layed there, letting himself cool off and come back to himself fully before he moved. 

Pulling your pants up while sprawled over a desk was a lot harder then you’d think but he managed to get them up if not done up and shimmied over until he could flop back into his chair to wallow through the last vestiges of his afterglow. He took stock of himself. Thighs were marked as usual and he could feel the heat of where Derek had bit the back of his neck. Looks like it was high collars for awhile with those marks alone, let along the bruises he could feel on his throat. His cheek was a little sore, must have scrapped it against the desk at some point. Looks like he was going to have to ‘walk into a doorway’ or something for that one.

He would just…sit here for a bit longer. Not to long because he had to gather papers up and figure out what ones he’d messed up and then get home before Derek’s cum ruined another pair of pants but for right now? Now he would just…sit here. 

He had to tell him..it wasn’t right to not let Derek know that every full moon he tracked Stiles down and fucked him so good. Ruined him for everyone else. Though it was nice to know that Derek actually tracked him down and wasn’t just going to Stiles house because that’s where the creeper always ended up when he was being a creeper. 

Maybe tomorrow. Yeah tomorrow. Tomorrow he would pull Derek aside. Somewhere no one else could hear and tell him the truth. That he was a horrible selfish person that took advantage of the situation he’d found himself falling into every month. Maybe…maybe tomorrow.

As Stiles hauled himself to his feet, ignoring the faint twinges of pain and started to clean up, one thing still eluded him. A fact that never surfaced in his supposedly keen mind. Derek was a werewolf.

Maybe the first time it was the moon. A loss of control could happen. Derek was still learning himself for all his ‘natural born’ talent. But it was just that. Natural Born. Stiles could go home and wash himself, avoid Derek for a few days until the scent faded along with marks but Derek? Derek would wake in the morning and know. He’d smell Stiles on him, all over him. So to come back? Every full moon? To never be aware of it?

Well….red eyes watching Stiles through the window, hidden under the glare of a street light and bushes, they were greedy too. Selfish and unsure of how to approach in the daylight. How to stay. How to want without it turning into ash and smoke and pain. He was getting closer though. Every day, every moon was another step. 

Maybe tomorrow. Yeah tomorrow. Tomorrow he would pull Stiles aside. Somewhere no one else could hear and tell him the truth. That he was a horrible selfish person that took advantage of the situation he’d found himself falling into every month. Maybe…maybe tomorrow.

Derek knows he needs to come clean. He KNOWS it but he didn't think it would be this HARD, and why is Peter in his loft?

You lil shits. This was supposed to be a simple one shot and nooo~oooo y'all had to give me the sad eyes and go 'please sir, may I have some more?' I was like 'well I mean..I can write something right? Mostly more porn I suppose..' but oo~oohhh no. No. The plot was like 'oh what's that? A second chapter? Pft nawww, this gun be fucking 3 more chapters bitch' I hope you are all happy ;n;

No beta, again.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

It roiled, low in his gut. It hovered in the back of his mind, no matter what