s the movie so far, guys?" Ashton asked, and Louis smiled.

"Pretty good, we both like it," Louis stated with a smile, and Louis nodded his head.

During the movie, Ashton would brush his hand up Liam's thigh, causing him to become even more uncomfortable. "Aw, come on, we don't have to tell Louis..." Ashton trailed off, and that's when Louis shot up off the couch in rage.

"Excuse you? You know what, me and Liam are leaving." Louis said as Liam got up off the couch.

The two left in a hurry, and they refused to come back over to hang out with Ashton. He was nasty, and rude as fuck. Feeling regret, Louis felt bad because he didn't notice him saying those things to Liam.

Ashton was angry, and he was going to get Louis back for ruining his fun. But he didn't know what to do, and he needed to find out fast. As he sat down on his couch in the basement, he thought about it over and over. After thinking for about an hour, it finally hit Ashton.

"That's what I'll do!" Ashton said out loud as his roommate, Luke came down the basement steps.

"Who are you talking to?" Luke asked, and Ashton gave him a devious smile.

"Can I use your witchcraft book that you bought? I just want to try something out." Ashton lied, and Luke nodded before walking away.

"It's in my room, you can come and get it." Luke said, and Ashton got up.

Following Luke up the stairs, Ashton was quick to get it once they reached his room. He didn't want Luke to know what he was really going to do with it. Only because he believed in using the book for good. Ashton, on the other hand, wanted to do something very sinister.

Taking the book into his room, Ashton made sure his door was locked. Opening the dusty, old book open to the page. "Hm..." Ashton hummed as hr flipped more pages. He really needed to find this spell, and it was because he wanted to ruin Louis and Liam's relationship in the worst way possible.

"Kendo lundo, kenting!" Ashton said out loud, and it sounded like gibberish to him.

"Well? Did it work?" Ashton asked himself, and that's when he got a funny feeling in the pit of his stomach.

It surged through his body like a wave in the ocean, and Ashton felt sick to his stomach. Once the feeling was over, Ashton could hear Louis' thoughts. It was like he was in his body, controling his thoughts and actions with his own mind.

"Time to have some fun."

♤♡♢♧

Louis woke up with a splitting headache, but he was confused about how he got it. He didn't drink earlier, so it wasn't a hangover. He wanted to sit up, and he tried, but Louis just couldn't.

"I really want to fuck Liam right now."

This confused Louis, simply because he didn't think that at all. Moving the blanket off both himself and Liam, he was quick to get up. Hovering over Liam like he's his prey, Louis flipped Liam onto his back.

Pulling down his pajama bottoms, along with his boxers, his cock sprung out. It was already rock hard, and Louis tried fighting it, but he couldn't. Forcing his mouth open, Louis slipped into Liam's mouth.

Liam's eyes shot open, and he tried to get Louis out of his mouth. But Louis was stronger than Liam at that moment, and he was struggling to remove himself from his mouth.

"Be a good boy, and fucking suck my damn cock." Louis said as he slapped Liam's face, but he didn't want to slap him. He thought this was a dream, but it wasn't and that's what scared Louis the most.

Fucking Liam's throat, Louis couldn't stop on moaning. He felt sick to his stomach, but it wasn't him doing it. Pulling out of Liam's mouth so he could breathe, Louis ripped Liam's pants off of him.

"Please, Louis, stop!" Liam shouted, but Louis wouldn't stop.

Slipping Liam out of his boxer briefs, Louis saw that Liam was hard. By this time, Liam was crying and begging Louis to stop. He felt awful about this, and he tried to stop, but he couldn't.

He didn't grab a condom or lube as he got on the bed. Instead, Louis spat in his hand, and rubbed it on Liam's asshole. Liam braced himself as Louis prepared to push in.

"Fuck, Liam." Louis breathed, as he pushed all the way inside of Liam.

"Lou, please..." Liam pleaded, and whoever was controling Louis slapped him in the face