...though I do advise that you do not take too long in this matter. It is after all my highest responsibility to get you home in a safe and timely manner," her driver responded promptly. Weiss merely nodded her head in acknowledgement, before she slowly began moving towards the quietly-whimpering girl still on the ground. She cleared her throat quietly and even a bit nervously, as she slowly crept closer to the downed girl, before she finally stood directly before Blake.

"Ah...Blake, was it? Are you...are you alright? Oh, what am I saying? Of course you're not alright. You're bleeding. Here let's take care of that," Weiss said as she reached into her skirt pocket, and pulled out a beautifully-embroidered handkerchief. She then slowly bent down so that she was eye-level with the now slightly-cowering Faunus girl.

Blake looked up at Weiss with golden-eyes full of pained tears, and Weiss felt something twist in her chest at the sight.

"Hey...hey now...I'm not going to hurt you...okay. I just want to help a bit...alright, Blake...remember I'm your classmate...I won't hurt you...I promise," Weiss said softly, as she slowly moved her hand forward so that it and the handkerchief, hovered mere inches away from the bleeding cut on Blake's head.

Blake watched Weiss with fearful eyes, but at the heiress's gentle words and tone, she slowly and hesitantly nodded her head in acquiesce.

Accepting Blake's reluctant permission, Weiss moved the handkerchief the last few inches forward, and lightly dabbed it against the bleeding cut.

A slight hiss of pain escaped Blake's lips, causing Weiss to pause briefly in her gentle ministrations, before she continued dabbing lightly at the wound. Once all of the blood had been carefully wiped away, Weiss slowly removed her hand and examined the cut on Blake's forehead. The blood had been wiped off, but Weiss could see that it would need a bandage, because already more blood was beginning to pucker at the wound; threatening to once again start slipping down the side of Blake's face.

Weiss let out a soft sigh as she slowly rose back up to her feet, and then held her hand out to Blake to help pull her up as well.

Blake blinked curiously at Weiss's hand, before she looked up with confused eyes at the snow-white haired heiress.

Weiss let out a slight huff of annoyance, before she opened her mouth to speak. "Your wound needs proper treatment or it will possibly scar. I have a proper medical kit in my bathroom at home. I can treat your wound better there."

Blake's entire body froze as the thought of voluntarily walking into the Schnee family home (and possibly never being seen or heard from again).

Weiss gave another huff of annoyance, before she reached down and more gently than Blake thought she would, helped pull her up into a slightly-shaky standing position.

The rock that cruel boy had hit her with had really hurt, and it took more seconds than Blake was happy with to regain her equilibrium.

Weiss didn't miss how unsteady Blake was on her feet, and let out a slightly unhappy sound. That boy with the orange-brown hair was going to be in a world of trouble when she was finished with him. Attacking an innocent person...a girl no less...whether they were Human or Faunus was simply too reprehensible, and Weiss would not just stand by and let him get away with it.

"No arguing with me about this Blake. You're my classmate and you've been hurt, so you're coming home with me so that I can help treat you. You can barely stand in your current state, and I simply would not be able to forgive myself, if I allowed you to try to walk home in this state. I'll have my driver drop you off home after we've treated and taken care of your wound, so you don't have any excuse not to come along," Weiss finished summing up all her points for Blake to simply be obedient and follow along, and honestly Blake was feeling so bad physically right now, she didn't try to disagree. Her head had begun to hurt terribly; her vision was still swimming with pained tears, and she did want to get the wound cleaned up and bandaged, before she had to go home. Her foster parents had made it crystal clear to her that they did not want her getting into or causing any trouble at school. If she at least got back home with her wound treated, it would hopefully be one less thing she could get yelled at for.

So, with a resigned sigh Blake allowed a bit of her weight to rest against Weiss, which surprised the heiress a bit; but Weiss took the little extra added weight in stride, and raised up an arm around Blake's shoulders to help steady the Faunus girl. Then the two of them began making their slow but