he was. He didn't pay attention to the details and went straight  (not so much) for the part of story he hadn't finiahed.
  

           "After my family received the diagnosis we insisted starting medication. So there we were, me, Dad and my siblings, all having jobs. Any kind of job we could find. We all stayed by Mum's side so we all got the chance to see her losing her eyesight. The irony in this sentence is so cruel and painful that I am disgusted about myself - not like is something new.
          
           The medication worked for a while, but the doctor had never given us what we wanted to hear. He told us that the disease had been spreading too fast. He gave her two months.
    
           I hope you can imagine how sorrowful it was for us to count days. She never knew. We didn' tell her. We couldn't. She had thought she was finally going to be fine. Even today I still blame myself for being so selfish. All I ever wanted was to keep a smile on ger face.

            Those months had passed way too fast. She was lying in the bed. So beautiful and peaceful. She looked like an angel. I had been holding her hand for too long to remember, but I can't forget how she squeezed my hand and turned her face towards me. She looked at me, it doesn't matter she was blind, and I was lost. I felt like a child, unable to do anything, because so I was.

             I wanted to tell her how much I love her, to hug her and never let her go. But she was already gone. I stayed like this for hours, pretending that she was still there and telling her about my crush and how after college I was going to take her around the world. The others had found me  like that. I had never felt so alone. It was so cold."

 
          Keith paused reading. He had tears in his eyes. He knew how it was to lose a parent. His mother died to, but it was more peaceful. He accepted that. But this? He felt bad for the boy in the story. Damn it, he needed a hug himself. This chapter gave him chills. After a moment he started again just to finish it.



          "And the worst part is, I had the chance to see her in her last moments, but she didn't see me. I know it wouldn't have changed anything, but is still drives me crazy every time I think about it. Life is such a bitch and I don't know how many times I'll let it fuck with me.

                             February 23rd, 2017"


              After finishing the first chapter he put the notebook back in its place. Keith was in a lot of uncomfortable situations, but this seemed different. He had a knot in his stomach and felt like he wanted to go cry with that boy or for him. He didn't know. He just felt like crying and this wasn't even his story.

             He glanced at one of the clocks on the wall. His eyes widened.
           
            "Shit!" He shouted so lout that he got shushed by a few people. "I'm so fucked!" He continued as he ran for the exit.

            He had class in five minutes and it took him twenty minutes to get to school. When did the time pass?


If you hate me for doing this to Lance (Lance's family), you better know that I already hate myself so yeah... 

Anyway, if you liked this chapter please leave a comment below :)

I am so sorry I haven't posted in a while, but I am going through a really hard time and I am very busy. This plus my lack of inspiration. Enjoy this excuse of a chapter.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Keith found himself staring at a wall. If he thought his life was hard enough, now he oficially gave up. He just wanted to spend the rest of his life staring at that fucking wall until his eyes popped out off his skull. Okay, maybe he was exaggerating. He'll die of hunger or thirst before that. At least it was an option.

        "Keith!" growled Pidge as they were hanging their arms on his shoulders. "Stop acting like a mad man!" They said poking at his shirt.

         He didn't respond. He just continued staring at the wall letting the white colour wash his mind. He wasn't overreacting. Was he? I mean, all people come late to their chemistry class and on their way to the seat spill substances. It happens.  What does not happen is blowing up the freacking lab. Well, blowing up is not the best explanation. It was more like smoke. No fire, but damn it sure there were alarms there.

       "Come on! Speak! Blink! Do something!" Pidge yelled in an exasperated voice. "It's been A WEEK since then!"

       "I blew up the THE SCHOOL, PIDGE