same blood; we stand beside each other don't we?”



England finally spoke, cutting off the rest of America's speech.



“Get to the point, America.” He snapped sharply.



England’s snap made something flare up in America.



“You don't treat us fairly!” America’s voice raised, “You give us all these taxes, laws, guards! Like you don't trust us! But we haven't done anything to make you think otherwise! We are part of you! We stand beside you, on equal grounds! 

I

 stand beside you! Yet you treat us like you rule over us! Like we aren't a part of you! Like we’re some foreign land that you conquered over! You make all these laws for us! Rules! Taxes! For us and only us! There’s no one to stand up for us. Anyone who makes decisions for us lives all the way over in England. How are they really supposed to understand what's happening an ocean away? You think you know what's going on but you’re never around to even see what it's like!” America fumed. “We just want something. Something to give us a little choice over ourselves. A little representation in the government! A little voice, that's all! I just want to be able to make decisions 

with

 you.”



America’s outburst ended. He stood back, catching his breath. England, still sitting at his desk remained still. He studied America for a moment, before his eyes narrowed.



“Let me set something straight for you, America,” he said dangerously calm as he rose from his chair. “You're not ‘beside’ me, you're 

under 

me. You are 

my

 colony. I found you, I colonized you, 

you do what I say.

 You can't ‘represent’ yourself.” He said in mockery. “Look at yourself now, barely able to to put two sentences together without gibbering on and on. You're too young, too inexperienced. You won't be able to represent yourself, trust me. I am the greatest empire in the world! 

I

 make decisions. 

I 

know what’s best -- you don’t.”



England glared America in the eye. His eyes were dark and angry. America flinched and drew back in shocked. 



He wasn't expecting that. England’s never looked at him or talked to him like that before. He’s been angry before, dismissive, but never degrading, never oppressive. He never felt like he meant it before. It hurt. Is that what England really thought of him? As his possession? As just another object he used and put away? 



Something clenched in America's chest. A wet pressure gathered in his eyes but he forced it back down. England wouldn't see him hurt. He let something else bubble up in its place. So that was what England really thought of him. He didn't care about him or his people, just how much land he owns. Fine. He saw how it was now.



A fuming fire roared to life underneath his skin but the room’s temperature remained icy cold.



They shared cold defiant glares. A tense silence followed.



“My people won't stand for this for much longer.” America growled, finally  breaking the silence.



“Is that a threat?” England hissed in return.



“You want to know why you never want to step on a timber snake?” America asked instead.



England rolled his eyes. “Oh, please, do enlighten me.”



“Because they always come back to bite you in the ass.” America said lowly. “Don't tread on me, England.” he finished darkly and turned on his heels, barging out of the room. The door slammed open on his way out and he stormed down the hall, leaving the room for good.



He didn't stay in England long, not when he was near that tyrant. He needed to be with his own people. America left on the next ship back to the colonies -- no, America decided --- back to his nation.



---



It had been awhile since America visited him last. He hasn’t spoken to him since. No letter, no message, nothing. It’s been too long.



England regretted it. He’d been too harsh on him and he knew it. He knew he should apologize, send a letter, at least try to contact the boy, but his pride prevented it. That day had been a bad day, a stressful day. England had far too much on his mind than to be worrying about the small matters overseas with his colony. But then again, he supposed, that was America's point.



It just boiled out of hand. He was being too harsh, but it was true. America had no idea how to govern even if he wanted it. He had to know there was much more to it than it seemed. He had