smiled shyly.

“Oh, No, it’s not that, I do, I think you're wonderful and handsome and funny and se-” you stopped yourself from finishing the last word, but you could see in his face that he had understood exactly what you were going to say. You could feel your color change, starting from you chest and traveling up to your ears, you tried to hide your face in his jacket.

“I think I need some air” you said and took a step away from him. He let you out of his embrace but caught your hand as you started to walk away, you grasped it and the two of you found your way across the dance floor towards the doors.

The air was cold and soothing against your flushed face, there were no one else outside on the balcony, so when you turned around Sam immediately took you in his arms and kissed you. The kiss was tentative at first but it quickly increased in intensity, his hands following the shape of  your waist through the silky fabric of your dress.

So many weeks of longing, and x-rated daydreams from your part, finally finding it’s outlet, you couldn’t get enough of him. He was even firmer than you’d imagined, underneath the clothes he seemed really ripped.

“Mmm, do you work out?” you asked through the kisses

He laughed softly “Martial arts, three times a week”

You pulled away, amazed you looked at him “Oh, that’s…hmm…unexpected”

“Really? You don’t think I can fight?” a playful smile on his lips

You felt stupid “Oh, no, I mean yes…of course you can, I just meant, you always seem so gentle and sweet. Didn’t think you’d be into something so…violent?”

“It’s not that violent, it’s more about self defense and control” He leaned in and kissed you again “You are really beautiful, you know that?” he took a deep breath against your hair “and you smell so good”

You giggled “Well thank you, my good sir” he laughed at your choice of words.

”Come” you took his hand and led him to the corner of the balcony where a big flower pot with some bushes and a small tree gave you some more privacy.

He followed willingly and kissed you hard when you reached your newfound hiding place, pressing you up against the wall he hoisted your dress up over your hips and pressed his thigh in between your legs. Your hands underneath his jacket, trailing the muscles of his back through his blue shirt, you settled on his thigh and naturally started grinding against it. You moaned through the hot, wet kisses. Your leg brushed against his growing bulge and he gasped.  

“I want you, I want you so much” his arms reached around you, the muscles of his arms  playing against your shoulders as he held you tight.

“I want you too” you breathed into his ear as he bent down to kiss your neck. You didn’t really know if the shivers you felt was the cold air or his hot  kisses, and you didn’t really care. You reached down and palmed his apparent erection, he moaned and pushed himself against your hand. You stroked him gently, his response was intoxicating, you could feel your juices seeping through your panties and probably leaving a wet mark on his pants.

The door to the balcony suddenly flung open. You both froze and listened intensely at the people walking towards the edge. Unless someone was in the exact right angle it was unlikely that they would notice you so you just tried to not make noises. You slowly started grinding against his thick thigh again, careful not to let out any sounds.

The company on the other side of the pot was talking loudly about some politician, but thankfully they didn’t stay outside for too long, leaving the two of you alone again. You had unzipped his pants and found your way to his stiffness. You felt its soft warm skin in your hand as took a gentle grip around him and slowly started pumping it up and down. Hi groaned in you ear and let you slid of his thigh so his hand could find his way down to your soaked panties. Rubbing his fingers against the wet spot on your underwear, making it bigger, he found your clit through the fabric. Your response told him he’d hit the right spot and he let his fingers draw circles around it, building the tension, slowly but surely until you were strung so hard the tension broke and you came. Feeling your pussy twitch and tighten.

“I want you inside me” you moaned “now”

“That can be arranged, but here?”

“Yes, here. Now!” You just didn’t care at this point that you were at a club with the rest of your coworkers, all you could think about was having him inside of you. You let go of his cock and helped yourself to get your panties off. He lifted you up against the wall, your