your bike in the middle of a race, where did you go?! What is  wrong with you, you useless fucking barbie doll?!”

Gently, Toudou pulled himself from Arakita’s grip.

“Hah?! Come on, out with it!”

Toudou sighed, then gently touched his throat and shook his head. Arakita stared.

“You can't talk? What, you lost your voice  and your sanity? Well, good fucking riddance to one. What the hell happened?”

Oh! Brightening, Toudou reached in his jersey pocket for his phone, then tapped a short message on the screen.


 <was coughing and now it's all sore. gonna go pick up medicine in Tokyo there's a clinic on the way> 


“Huh. Well, okay. I'll go with you.”


 <no no its ok I have an uncle in Tokyo I'm going to stay with dw about me wahaha!! I'll see you at school on Monday ok> 


It was a full thirty seconds before Arakita scoffed and nodded his approval. “Fine, whatever. Just don't get lost on the way there. Come on, let's try to catch the next train.”

The least that could be said for the train ride was that it was short. Or, shorter than the previous one. Toudou tapped his foot impatiently, scowling at the glass as everything began to truly settle in his mind. The forest. The witch. A curse. A silly little errand. Ugh, him of all people, blessed thrice and now running an errand for some hermit witch with no people skills to speak of and an atrocious mane of green waves! It wasn't  fair! He should have been chatting with a cute girl witch, maybe drinking hot tea and talking about magic, but no! He got stuck with a train wreck potion maker that had a penchant for stealing voices from beautiful, blessed men like himself!

Not that Toudou really knew much about what Makishima got up to when he wasn't around. They'd only met for ten minutes or so.

After a terse goodbye with Arakita, Toudou found himself walking his bike along a stretch of road lit by neon signs and boasting...ugh. Girls and booze. Clearly these witch types weren't very classy, if they hung around the underbelly of Tokyo with soap lands and sketchy izakayas.

Toudou took a left, past a pachinko parlor, then paused. He glanced down at his phone, confused. The GPS showed that he was on the right street, but it was such a change of scenery he wondered momentarily if he hadn't wandered into another world.

The little alley was...quiet. Serene. Refined, even, with its soft red lanterns and curtained storefronts, cobbled streets with little iron cafe tables and flower boxes boasting vibrant plant life. Indigo eyes darted left and right, taking in a reiki center, a shop that boasted no name but had stacks and stacks of books, then a snack shop, a pet store, and finally his destination.

Incense hung like a musky cloud outside the black and frosted glass door of Crescent Healing, the name of the shop detailed in shining golden letters with hours listed beneath a swath of moons and stars. As Toudou pushed open the door, a soft chime sounded somewhere in the back, and oh it was a beautiful, mesmerizing sound that made him hold his breath as the door closed quietly behind him. The shop really was small, and silent—almost eerily so, save for the quiet scratch of tiny claws and the rustling of tiny bodies in cages that Toudou couldn't see. He glanced around the dimly lit space, waiting for someone to approach, not daring move closer to the displays: a glass jar full of black beads next to a small crate of animal pelts, claws and fangs organized by breed and size in large canisters, a glowing skein of pure white hair fluttering gently despite the lack of circulating air.

The day had brought Toudou a lot of heartache, true, but he felt a nervous thrill standing in the middle of a potion shop, surrounded by otherworldly ingredients and beautifully crafted, glittering glass bottles and vials.

Instinctively, Toudou tried to call out for an assistant, but frowned when nothing came out. He'd never realized just how much he needed his voice in day to day life; being without it felt almost like he'd been shoved naked into the front of his English class to recite homework or something. Homework he hadn't completed.

A loud sniff sounded behind Toudou's head. He whirled around in shock, then stared. The man that stood before him had to have been some kind of giant. Taller than him by uncountable centimeters and at least three times as wide, he looked down at Toudou with an air of suspicion before a wide grin split his face and a loud guffaw interrupted the silence of the shop. “You smell like a spider!” he said between bouts of snickering, then clapped Toudou on the shoulder so hard that Toudou felt his legs wobble. A spider? Really? That was quite rude...or so