see all of you tonight at Chakotay’s birthday party. Holodeck One, 1900 hours. Be prompt people. It’s not nice to keep the elderly waiting.” She grinned coyly as she patted the big man’s shoulder. “Dismissed.”

~

“B’Elanna, wait up.” Harry said as he saw the half-Klingon enter the turbolift. He was also on his way to Engineering, to make the necessary preparations for the power grid test. “Thanks.” He said as he entered the lift and ordered their destination.

“I heard about you and Tom.” Harry spoke after a minute. “Are you okay?” He asked, genuinely concerned for his friend.

B’Elanna looked at him. “I’m the one who broke up with him, Harry.” She stated.

“That doesn’t mean it can’t be hard on you as well.” The younger man said knowingly.

“I’m okay.” She answered, sending him a thankful look, then hesitated a bit. “How’s Tom doing?”

Harry sighed. “He didn’t say much. I think it’ll take some time.”

B’Elanna nodded slowly. “Keep an eye on him, would you Harry?” She asked softly.

Harry nodded. “Of course. And if there’s anything I can do for you...”

“Thanks.” The half-Klingon smiled as the turbolift reached Deck Eleven and the doors opened. B’Elanna turned to Harry as they stepped out. “Come on Ensign, let’s enhance that EPS system and save this crew from death by food poisoning.” She grinned. “I never thought I’d say this, but some of the people on this ship are even worse cooks than Neelix.”

~ ~ ~

The Holodeck doors opened and Kathryn’s gaze was inadvertently drawn in their direction. A soft sight of disappointment escaped her when she didn’t see the person she was hoping it would be. She wondered what was keeping B’Elanna. The party was already in full swing and Kathryn was really looking forward to spending some time with the beautiful half-Klingon in a more relaxed setting.

Chakotay noticed Kathryn seemed more focused on the doors than on what he was saying and slightly leaned over to her. “I’m sure she’ll be here any second.” He whispered softly.

Kathryn blushed as she looked at him and saw the twinkle in his eyes. “Sorry.” She said. “I didn’t mean to be rude.”

“That’s alright.” Chakotay smiled. “I know what it’s like.” He added, indicating Seven of Nine standing a few meters away, talking to Tuvok.

“How’s it going between you two?” Kathryn asked with friendly interest. She’d been a little surprised to learn about the relationship between her First Officer and her ex-Borg protégé, but they both seemed happy, and that, Kathryn had decided, was all that mattered. She was glad Chakotay had found someone to love. And she knew for sure that he could provide the loving support Seven no doubt needed to discover her more romantic side.

“It’s going great.” Chakotay said affectionately, smiling as he saw Seven make her way over. The blond woman greeted both of them as she came to stand next to Chakotay, lightly placing a kiss on his cheek. Chakotay put his arm around her middle and pulled her almost imperceptibly closer to him.

Kathryn watched their interaction with a twinge of longing. She hoped that her relationship with B’Elanna would also grow to the point where they could enjoy the same kind of easy and open interaction in public.

Deciding to give the couple some privacy, Kathryn politely excused herself and went to the bar to get a drink.

She twirled her straw through the bright green cocktail and looked around, smiling as she saw most of her crew present and enjoying themselves. Her gaze fell on Tom Paris who was repeatedly taking swigs from a bottle he was holding and dancing rather provocatively with three giggling holograms. Kathryn frowned slightly. He was obviously acting out.

Her worrying over Tom was interrupted as she picked up on a familiar voice behind her. Turning on her barstool, Kathryn watched her favorite half-Klingon as she approached Chakotay.

“Sorry I’m late old man.” B’Elanna grinned. “But things in Engineering took a little longer than expected and I figured you’d keep.” She handed him her present, a replica of one of the sacred carved masks of his tribe. “Happy birthday!”

“Thank you B’Elanna. It’s beautiful.” Chakotay said, after he’d taken the wrapping off. Visibly touched, he gave her a heartfelt hug.

“You’re welcome.” B’Elanna said. “It’s the mask of wisdom. So in case it doesn’t come with age, you’ll have something to fall back on.” She grinned.

“How thoughtful.” Chakotay smiled, proceeding to show Seven the little intricacies of the various markings on it.

“Well, I think