was his subject who had almost killed a lady and her child. It was up to him to make amends for his mistake in trusting Max.

 

There was a second letter from the capital he would need to read before calling his banners, though. Unrolling the scroll, he found that he had been named Hand of the King.

 

What madness had possessed King Niall to dismiss Louis? What was going on in this world that had seemed perfectly safe and orderly until this morning? Liam didn’t know. He didn’t know what to feel or how to make sense of any of the things he’d read, but he knew he must still raise his banners and do the honourable thing; protect the lady. He’d get to King’s Landing that way and he would become Hand just as soon as he had ended the madness of a war between Frey and Targaryen.

 

 


Zayn



 


“I’d tell you not to go, but I know that you have to. So I’ll spare you the tears and gentle lady-like protests.“

 

Zayn had asked Veronica not to come down to the stables to see him and his guard off, but he should have known better than to try and keep her away. Once she had got it into her head to do something she rarely strayed from her path. Her face and wrists were awfully thin, though, and Zayn could tell it took all of her will power to keep herself upright. She was much too thin for a woman who had recently been pregnant, he thought. After the birth of the twins she had looked healthy like a blooming flower. Now she was withered, almost like the ice flowers in the terrible tales of winter the Starks were so fond of telling.

 

“Love, go back,“ he whispered, placing his hands on her shoulders and for a moment he was sure it was all that kept her from falling.

 

“In a moment. I just wanted to see you go off to war for me. I never thought that would ever happen to me. I thought we’d be like the Targaryens of old; you know, only ever talking to each other and laughing at the rest of the realm for being such idiots and getting into wars and all that.“

 

“It will be that way when all of this is over,“ Zayn murmured against her ear, not saying what they were both thinking - it should have been that way.

 

“Does Father know you want to raise the banners yet?“ Veronica asked.

 

“No, but we still have time before the Freys arrive, I hope. It’s gonna take a while to make an army cross the realm and maybe… there might be some fighting for us.“

 

It seemed unlikely that anyone would willingly pick up their arms for the Targaryens who had always sneered at the rest of Westeros, but there was the faint possibility that someone might feel pity for Veronica’s plight.

 

“We’ll see each other again, love. I promise.“ Zayn kissed her forehead because they were in the open and he didn’t want anyone to see them together like this. Targaryen customs were often misunderstood by the other nobles.

 

“Just don’t be too long,“ Veronica whispered and pulled him in for a kiss that was all teeth and tongue and desperation.

 

When Zayn rode he felt like a part of his soul was being ripped from his body and bounced right back into Veronica’s hand.

 

 

They rode their horses hard every day and it took barely two weeks to reach Dragon Stone, the ancient seat of the Targaryens. Zayn hadn’t thought he’d see it again so soon. After his stay at Winterfell (which now seemed to have been a life time ago), he had planned on an extended stay at the Twins with his sister. He had a feeling that he would never set foot into the cursed castle of the Twins again, no matter how this ended. Should he win this war he would personally burn it down, dragons or not.

 

The familiar sight of the peninsula made something swell in Zayn’s breast that he hadn’t felt in a long time; the longing for this place. He’d been born there and he had always believed he would die in Storm’s End. It now seemed like his death might occur elsewhere, far away from the castle he had always known and loved. It seemed so strange to him that the life he had always believed to be certain and safe was now crumbling apart under his fingers like a castle of sand and there was nothing he could do to hold it.

 

Shaking his head to free his mind of such fanciful thoughts, he pressed his heels against his horse’s sides and the poor beast broke into a last gallop for the castle.

 

An hour later Zayn was freshly bathed and sitting down for a hasty meal when his father burst through the doors. “What have you done, you fool?“

 

His father looked old, much older than his fifty name days, and Zayn felt a shiver tingling at the root of his spine. Was this his fate too? Would he become old and