with a grin.

"Finally decided to take me up on my offer after all, huh, Hee-chan?"

Heero nearly scowled. It was only a slight something in Duo's voice that stopped him from forgetting all the promises he'd just made himself and yelling at the boy. Instead, he sat on the bed, thinking for a moment about how to respond. Finally, it was with a question. "What do you really want, Duo?"

Duo blinked, then turned serious. "I . . . I'm not real sure, Hee-chan. I mean, I like you. A lot. But . . . I like Wu-chan a lot, too. And I'd probably be trying to get Trowa, if he wasn't already hooked up with Q-man. Hell, I like you all, really. But it'd be nice to have what Q-man and Tro have, y'know?"

Heero nodded. "I do. I know exactly what you mean. I . . . I'm sorry I haven't tried to talk to you about it before this."

"It's okay, Hee-chan. It's a little scary, I know. Relationships always are, whether they're real or imagined."

Heero digested this thoughtfully, then slowly reached toward Duo. The braided pilot sat up, hugged Heero briefly, then disappeared into the bathroom while Heero thought.

"Heero?" Wufei said, opening the door without preamble of any kind. A second later, he gaped. It wasn't Heero's normally messy brown hair he saw in Heero's bed. Instead, it was Quatre's shining locks, now very tousled. "I . . . er . . . I was looking for Heero," he said lamely, and Quatre laughed brightly.

"Everyone's looking for someone, Wufei-kun," Quatre said, beckoning him into the room. He tried to run his fingers through his hair, but winced as he hit snarl after snarl. "It's going to take hours to undo this damage, ne?"

"Where's Heero?" Wufei asked softly, trying to get Quatre's attention.

"Oh, he's with Duo now, I hope. That's where he was headed." At Quatre's gentle words, Wufei's heart sank.

"I . . . ah . . . see. Arigato." Wufei turned to leave. He'd only gotten halfway down the hall when he felt Quatre's arms wind around him from behind.

"You need some cheering up, I think," Quatre said tenderly. "Let's go to your room."

"What do you wanna do?" Duo asked quietly, after he'd entered the room again. To Heero's consternation, he was still buck-naked, though he'd cleaned himself up. And he was changing the sheets on the bed, ignoring Heero for the most part. Every once in a while, he'd flash a bright grin at the Wing pilot, but that was about it.

"I suppose we should discuss it more," Heero said slowly, thinking about the night he'd had. "I mean, there are things that I want that I don't think you want. And I'm certain that such sentiments go both ways."

"Aa," Duo agreed readily, putting the final touches on his newly-made bed. The sheets were pristine, the corners just so. He ruined the effort by flopping down directly on top of it the instant it was done. "Nothin' like good clean sheets for some fun, ne, Hee-chan?"

"For a what?" Heero asked, sure that he'd missed something along the way. Something important, he thought distantly, gazing at Duo's body hungrily.

"For some fun of course. C'mere. You didn't really think I'd let you leave here without makin' you scream out my name at *least* once, did you?! I'm disappointed in you!"

Heero stood still for a single second, then went to the pilot of Deathscythe. Hesitantly, he gathered Duo into his arms, grateful for the knowledge that Quatre and Trowa had just shared with him. He kissed Duo deeply.

Duo sighed, threading his fingers through Heero's hair and keeping their lips together for as long as possible, before his hands began to roam down Heero's form. When they encountered the boxers, Duo smirked, sliding them off without breaking the kiss. It was a little-known talent of his.

Heero found himself on his back, gazing up at Duo through half-lidded eyes. "Duo . . ." he said softly, breathlessly. "I love you."

"I don't think this is such a good idea, Winner," Wufei protested as Quatre closed the door to Wufei's room. Quatre laughed brightly, then went to the Chinese pilot, slithering down to kneel before