slowly approach you with a worried look on his skull. You quickly stood up in a hunched position and whimpered with your tail between your legs and ears flattened back.

“P-please, s-stay away.” You tell him, backing up against the wall, hoping to keep the distance between the two of you. But Sans continued to close that distance.

“it’s ok, (y/n).” He gently says to you. “i won’t hurt you. and… i’m not mad.”

You continue to whimper as tears run down your cheeks.

“NO! STAY AWAY FROM ME!” You cried out, making a mad dash to get away from the skeleton. You gasp when you felt your body being lifted and saw that you were engulfed in a blue aura. You knew right away, that it was magic. Sans’ magic to be precise.

You whimpered and curled up into yourself while Sans kept you suspended in the air. A few minutes passed and you two said nothing. Sans had refused to let you down, waiting for the moment you’d give him a good reason to let go of his magic’s hold on you.

“Please…” You started. Sans looked up at you, patiently waiting. “Please Sans. Let me go. I’m a danger to all of you. Please… just let me go. Or better yet, just kill me now!” You cried out, tears streaming down your cheeks. Sans’ eye sockets widened in shock upon your request. Why would you want him to kill you? You did nothing wrong.

“Do it, Sans! Just do it! Kill me! Then everyone will be safe!” You yelled out to the skeleton keeping you suspended, your tears flowing heavier. “I… Please Sans. I… I almost killed you. I don’t want to hurt anyone. I… I don’t want… I don’t want to hurt you.” You whimpered, eyes tightly shut.

Another moment of silence fell between you two.

“you’re hurting me right now.” Sans softly replied, breaking the silence.

You gasped, your eyes snap open and looked down at the skeleton. His eye sockets were completely void, as he looked up at you with a hurt expression.

“Wha… what do you…”

“you’re asking me to kill you…” he started, “someone i care about,” he thought, “…when you did nothing wrong.” He finished, facing away from you.

“When I did noth…” you whispered in disbelief at the skeleton monster. “ARE YOU CRAZY!” you yelled, changing to your humanoid form.

“HAVE YOU LOST YOUR HEAD?!” you continued, your anger returning.

“nah. Its still on here pretty tight. Non-detachable.” He nonchalantly replied.

You would have laughed if you weren’t pissed at the moment.

“DID YOU NOT SEE WHAT I DID TO PART OF THE FOREST?! DID YOU NOT SEE THAT I ALMOST KILLED YOU?! HOW! HOW CAN YOU STAND THERE AND SAY I DID NOTHING WRONG!” you yelled, very much upset. “I almost killed you…” you whispered softly.

“why?” was all he asked.

It was a simple word, but could mean so many things. Why did you want him to kill you. Why did you destroy the forest. Why did you attack him, almost killing him.

“I… I want it to stop.” You whispered, placing your hands on the sides of your head, as you continued to cry. You transformed back to your feral form, having calmed down enough. “I want the pain to stop!”

Sans walked over to the pet bed and sat next to it. He then levitated you over to the bed and laid you down on it, making your head rest on his lap while the rest of your body lay on the bed. He release his magic’s hold on you and waited a moment to see what you’d do. When you made no attempt to escape, he placed one of his hands on your head and began to pet you. This calmed you down as he knew it would.

“talk to me, bud.” He whispered, while petting you. You sighed and began to tell him what was going on with you.

You told him, how people took advantage of your kindness, generosity and naivety while growing up. Nothing ever got to you or bothered you, and you always forgave people if whatever they did was something that should or could be forgotten. You were so naïve, that sometimes when people would tell you something with a hidden meaning or message in it, you would have no idea what they were talking about. It was only once you became a young adult, able to understand things a bit better, that memories from your childhood started coming back to you, and you realized you were practically being bullied unknowingly. It was then, that the anger you never felt during those times, came crashing in on you all at once, but you’ve been able to