never been touched; his hand crept higher."

Castiel felt a shiver course down his spine as he near childishly nodded. Dean's smile only grew, the corners of his lips pulling taut. Dean slid his hand higher, his eyes locked with Castiel's, while he assessed his bodies reactions. Castiel's mind spun, he kept visualizing himself wrapped up in Dean's arms, their naked bodies entwined. With this, it grew increasingly more evident that the young priest was aroused.

"I'll take that as a yes."

Dean said softly and leaned in for Castiel's face. Quickly he claimed the Father's lips and used his tongue to forcefully make entrance into the other's mouth. Cas parted his lips for the entry and his tongue was quickly laced with Dean's. His eyes widened, this was the first time that he had ever been kissed let alone by a male. The dizzying effect only grew as the kiss progressed. Dean pushed further bringing the kiss to build and soon the pair's mouths were locked together so tight it hurt.

Dean's hand continued to climb up Cas's thigh, dragging slowly; he wanted Castiel to feel every inch; each sensation. Dean's fingers crumpled the fabric of the Father's robe and brought it to rise and drag against his skin. A small moan, released from Castiel's lips, spilled into the kiss. The sound only fueled Dean's desire.

Soon there was no space between them; Dean had managed to maneuver to straddle Castiel's lap, one kneecap dug into the wooden plank, the other leg kept straight along the side; Dean kept Cas pinned to the back wall. Dean's hand continued its travels and slid to ghost over the growing bulge pushing against the black fabric. With the touch upon him Castiel gasped, breaking the kiss. His eyes rolled up to keep focus upon the wooden planks of the top of the box. He could hear the rush of his heart within his ears; a sound so prominent it drowned out any voice whispering to the Priest that he was to remain pure.

Soft gasps escaped Castiel's parted lips as Dean's hand coaxed his arousal through the thin material of his robe. Dean's lips settled upon his face as he began to feather taunting kisses to his skin, while his free hand began to loosen the threading around the priests collar. Parting the space, Dean pushed the collar to bend away from Cas's skin allowing a place for his lips to settle. He left harsh kisses to trail down his neckline as his hand worked ruthlessly to undo the bindings.

Castiel was already lost within the bout of ecstasy. His mind was flooded and he could think of nothing more than the heat that licked at his flesh. He writhed between Dean and the wall behind him, which only made Dean smile against his skin. Dean cold feel Castiel's pulse beneath the covering of his flushed skin. His lips smoothed over the surface before he used his teeth to nip. Every new sensation left Castiel reeling.

Dean withdrew from Castiel and took a minute to look him over. The priest was already a mess and quivering in the corner. Dean relished within the sight and the visage of the priest writhing and moaning underneath his assault. Castiel's sapphire eyes upturned to glance upon Dean, he wondered what was to come next. His body cried out in agony of desire; feelings he had never felt before.

Dean's hands met at the bottom hem of Castiel's robe and pulled upward. He coaxed Cas to raise his hips allowing him to bring the robe up and over the Father's head to leave him bare. Dean opened his arm and let the robe slip from his fingers onto the floor of the confessional. His olive eyes danced over the newly discovered pale flesh; hungry to devour it.

Cas never felt so naked. He slumped back to his seated position upon the pew and brought an arm to cross over his body to cover, the beads of the rosary brushed against his skin; awkwardly ashamed. Dean returned to Cas and knocked his arm away before he brought his face inward, his lips to hover over the other's ear.

"Don't hide yourself from me."

He cooed his breath hot in Castiel's ear. Dean shifted his weight and pressed his knee in-between Cas's knees to rub against the arousal bulging against the white cotton of Castiel's undergarments. His knee moved up and down to rub against the hardness while his hands smoothed over Cas's sides.

"Undress me..."

Another breathy whisper was placed hot against Castiel's ear. A rush ran down Cas's spine and for a moment he felt as though his heart were caught in his throat. He gave a squeeze to the rosary then slowly gave a nod and turned to place the precious item to the side before he extended his hands outward. His fingertips bent along the inner edges of Dean's olive, denim jacket. He pulled his hands away from each other to pull the material taut then