’ and one had even ended with poor Isaac being made to sit, stand, hop around, and even lay flat as they each tried to assert dominance over the other. In the end, however, it had been alright since they realized that even though Stiles held a similar sway over the betas as Derek, Derek’s sway over him was not as powerful, especially if he wasn’t trying. They’d agreed he would never try to force Stiles into anything after that.

“Oh, this?” Stiles questioned, looking at the box now as if he hadn’t even realized he was carrying it. Derek nodded and the thin man shrugged, turning it towards him. “Just some…chocolate covered macadamia nuts, why?”

“Stiles, who are those for?”

“Me,” he answered much too quickly, only realizing his mistake when the green eyed man frowned deeply at him. His heart had practically skipped a beat at the lie. “What…man can’t enjoy Hawaii’s gift to the world?” he questioned weakly, reading the box where it quivered in his hand.

“Stiles, you’re allergic to chocolate,” Derek huffed growing steadily more irritated and suspicious the longer his boyfriend’s mouth moved noiselessly to form an explanation that would undoubtedly be a lie. Stiles was allergic to chocolate and in an act of thoughtfulness, Derek also refrained from eating it so that box in the youngest Stilinski’s hand clearly wasn’t for him. “Who is that for?”

“I told you already,” Stiles bemoaned, looking as if he wanted to shove his hands in his pockets but was unable to due to the treacherous chocolate. “I’m getting it for me.”

“I can hear that you’re lying,” Derek reminded lowly, a certain hint of danger sliding into his voice as he reached forward and snatched the box out of Stiles’ hand probably more forcefully than he should have. The blazer clad youth squawked indignantly and Derek noticed for the first time that he was dressed slightly more formal than usual. A growl began low down in his chest and he knew his eyes were bleeding red from the way Stiles’ heart rate spiked. “Where exactly are you going with these?”

“Give ‘em back!” Stiles ordered making a flailing grab for the box. Derek pulled them out of his reach, bearing his teeth in warning as hurt began to seep into his chest. People were beginning to glance over warily. Stiles huffed, cheeks flushed in what Derek assumed was shame as he took his hands back. “It’s none of your business where I’m going and those are mine!”

“Stiles, just tell me where you’re-”

“I’m not a damn child!” Stiles all but shouted suddenly. “I’m 22 years old, dude, I can buy whatever the hell I want and I don’t have to check with you first!” Derek started, flinching back as Stiles’ eyes zoomed around the aisle which had quickly emptied as people realized they were about to witness a lovers’ tiff. Derek could hear his heart beating erratically within his chest and knew from experience if he didn’t calm down soon he would be having a full blown panic attack. He tried to reach for him but he pulled away rather violently, his hands beginning to shake.

“Calm down,” Derek tried to coach, forgetting for the moment that he had found his boyfriend at the grocery store buying chocolates for someone that wasn’t him and obviously no one else in the pack or even his father if he was this jumpy. “You’re getting worked up.”

“Give me the chocolate,” Stiles bit out, hands curled into fists at his side as he made an obvious effort to keep himself from pacing back and forth like a caged animal. Derek felt his heart twist. He had trapped Stiles. He held out the chocolate. 

His near hyperventilating boyfriend snatched it from his hands, cradling it to his chest as he attempted to catch his breath, looking everywhere except for Derek, his pupils dilated in the onsets of an attack. Derek held his hands up palms out to him, instinctively beginning to do one of the breathing exercises they had learned to ease Stiles’ attacks. He hadn’t had one in years, but Derek had insisted they learn them just in case. He inhaled (feeling his stomach expand beneath his black shirt) for 5 seconds, held his breath for 2 seconds, and then slowly exhaled over another 5 seconds. He repeated this process and eventually Stiles began to unknowingly mimic him, moving slowly across the aisle, fingers drumming the box of chocolate covered macadamia nuts unconsciously. 

“I didn’t mean to upset you,” he announced softly once he was confidant Stiles was out of danger. He was still pacing while doing the 5-2-5 count, but his heart rate was starting to even out.

“You know,” he wheezed out, moving his free hand in front of him in a turning motion as he tried to find his words, “I-I-I’m an