Halling walks first, making a trail for John to follow. He's still tired, weary to the bone, but he refuses to stop and rest until they've found Rodney, and that's what he tells Halling every time the tall Athosian suggests a short break.

"It has been a long time, Colonel" Halling says at one point. They're almost at the clearing where John found the Holiday tree. "You must be prepared for the possibility..."

"No!" John cuts him off and Halling doesn't say any more. Loss is a part of everyday life for the Athosians. Even though it's not easy, they have learned to expect it, to accept it. Jinto used to have a mother, Teyla used to have parents, Marta used to have a husband. They know that death is unavoidable. John knows this as well, but he's not ready to accept it. Not when it comes to Rodney.

"He's tougher than he looks," John says quietly, trying to explain to Halling why Rodney has to be alive. Rodney survived the storm. He survived the desert and the super-wraith. There's a lot more to him than meets the eye, and it just doesn't make sense that Dr Rodney McKay should meet his end in a snowstorm. "He hasn't won the Nobel yet," John continues, and Halling gives him a look that's half pity and half compassion.

The clearing looks a lot different in daylight. The tree John cut down yesterday is lying on the ground, almost completely covered in snow. It's snowed a lot, and it's no wonder that the hunters couldn't find any tracks. Even John's own trail is gone, covered in a soft white blanket.

"That's where he stood," John says, pointing to the tree where Rodney had sought shelter. "I had my back turned, so wherever he went, he must've gone that way, because I didn't see him leave."

Halling looks into the forest, the way John is pointing and nods. "Then we will go that way as well," he says and sets off into the forest.

The trees are tall and it's darker here where the sunlight barely reaches the ground. John keeps scanning the snow for any irregular bumps or mounds, anything that could give a clue about Rodney's whereabouts.

A few yards from the clearing, there's a steep incline leading down towards a frozen stream. John almost misses it, and it's only Halling's hand on his arm that keeps him from tumbling down. It's not far, but there are almost certainly rocks hidden underneath the snow. John looks down towards the small valley below, gives the slope a calculating look. "Do you think..." he says, turning to Halling.

He doesn't have to finish the sentence. Halling has already started down the incline. It makes sense. If Rodney got bored and decided to go for a little walk while he waited for John to finish with his lumberjack impression, he could very well have missed the slope just like John almost did. If he fell down here in the darkness...maybe hit his head... John tries not to think of that. It's the best lead they have right now.

It's Halling who finds the parka. It's almost buried in the snow, only one dark sleeve sticking up, and he pulls it loose and brushes it off. John reaches out to touch the fabric with fingers trembling not from cold but from fear. "Why?" he asks. "Why would he take off his jacket?"

Halling's face is very grim as he answers. "Sometimes when the body gets very cold, it can feel as though it is warm."

John remembers that from the course in cold weather survival he had to take when he got stationed at McMurdo. He also remembers the tale of the scientist who got lost in the snow. They found her by following the trail of her clothes, and when they finally reached her body, she had undressed down to her underwear. John quickly banishes the image of a pale frozen Rodney, lying in the snow in only his boxers, from his mind.

"We're on the right track," he says instead. "Let's keep going this way."

Halling follows like a silent shadow. There are no more discarded clothes, thankfully, but there are also no signs of Rodney. The sun is climbing in the sky. John doesn't want to know how long they've been out, how long it's been since Rodney got lost. He knows that for every second, the chances of finding him alive lessen.

They follow the stream downwards, the way Rodney would've gone if he was still thinking at least halfway clearly. Ronon has been drilling him in wilderness survival and at least a few things have stuck.

Under any other circumstances, it would be beautiful. The sun is glittering off the snow,