’t be much longer. Suddenly, the bedroom door burst open and Spencer came rushing out, his arm held upward and forward to mimic a flying superhero. Stopping in front of her, his arms crooked so that he could place both balled fists on his hips with his feet planted shoulder distance apart. As his back arched and his hips pushed forwards, the bulge in his boxer shorts became extremely prominent, leaving very little to the imagination. Tipping his head up slightly he announced himself.

“Never fear, Super Spence is here!” A silly grin spread across his face as Y/N snorted lightly before getting back into character.

“Super Spence, save me,” she began. “I’m trapped inside these evil clothes and I need your Super Schlong to rescue me!”

Spencer looked down to his bulge then back to her with an even sillier grin than before, stepping forward and pulling her to her feet. Looking up and down her, he assessed her clothes, thinking of how to deal with it.

“Aha! These clothes are evil!” he confirmed in his best superhero voice. “Let us be rid of them.”

With that, he pulled up her blouse and threw it as far across the room as he could, making a superhero action noise as he did so. Then, with feigned struggle, he tugged at her pants as if they were fighting back, pulling her closer toward him before he could undo the button and push them down to her ankles.

“Haha!” he exclaimed, picking her up off of her feet and leaving her pants on the floor. Y/N lay in his arms in her underwear, giggling loudly as he rushed across the room with her, his cape flowing behind him as they went.

“Oh, Super Spence,” she swooned. “My hero. How could I ever repay you?” Before he could answer, she slid her hand down his bare chest before moving it between them and down into his boxer shorts, taking hold of his generously portioned length. “Mmmm, perhaps Super Schlong could tell me how.”

Spencer had stopped by the edge of the bed, having to slow down as her fingers teased him to attention. Barely able to think beyond what he wanted to do to her, he stood, still holding her in his arms as her hand began to grip him a little tighter, sliding up and down his shaft as he reached his full potential.

“Forget Superman, Super Schlong is the real man of steel.” she chuckled into his ear before kissing his neck.

Shuddering a little, he leant down, placing her on the bed; forcing her to let go of his manhood. He couldn’t help himself as he re-enacted the hero stance, placing his hands on his hips and arching his back. The bulge in his boxers had now become a fully pitched tent, complete with an open door as his length forced the elastic away from his waist.

Y/N crawled across the bed toward him, tugging his boxers to free him before wrapping her fingers around his base and kissing the tip of him then letting her tongue swirl around the entirety of his end. Spencer’s head rolled back and his eyes closed as her lips moved down him, letting her warm wet mouth take in as much of him as she could.

“Holy… Mmmm…. shit that feels so… good” he stuttered, trying to gather his thoughts. Each pass of her lips, made him want her all the more.

Desperately, he tried to hold his hero stance but the more she used her mouth to please him the weaker his arms and legs felt. Looking back down to her, he watched her slide her hand back between her own legs to aid herself along with him. Y/N’s soft smooth body arched as her fingers began to play and Spencer’s eyes traced the outline of her figure all the way down to her rounded behind. It was in that moment that he decided that that was where he wanted to be.

Placing a hand on her shoulder, he pulled her from him, letting himself fall from her mouth as he turned her around on the bed. Y/N took little persuading, spinning on her knees so that she could back into him, feeling him press against her damp underwear. Using his hand to guide himself, he teased her through her underwear; sliding his tip up and down the gap between her cheeks. The frustration built inside him, causing him to slide a hand down her back and across her behind so that he could pull the underwear down off of her skin, letting them fall to her knees.

Y/N let out a gasp as his tip passed across her bare lips, threatening to plunge deep inside before passing over and sliding down to hit her pleasure. Arching her back, she pushed herself against his hardened cock, urging him to satisfy her want till finally, he granted her wish.

Slipping inside her caused a weak moan to escape her lips, urging him onwards as he pressed himself a little deeper. Her muscles tightened, gripping him inside her and sending a shudder of gratification through