travel kept to a minimum, it should be a piece of cake – keep the Marines out of trouble, stay out of the way of the scientists, do what Teyla says.”

“Sounds like a walk in a wraith-infested park.”

John smiled. “Alright, let’s get in the air.” He turned in the copilot’s seat, facing the hud. “It’s probably easier than anything you’ve ever flown. It mostly listens to your thoughts. Think about our immediate surroundings.”

Evan did, and a map appeared on the hud, showing their position in relation to the tower and other jumpers.

“Alright, now use the maneuvering thrusters to guide us out of this parking space and into the center of the bay.”

Evan thought there had to be more to it than that, that he needed to have a basic understanding of the controls – which looked completely foreign to him – to even think about moving it, but the jumper inched forward with ease. “Huh. That’s different, isn’t it.”

“See, easy.” He tapped his earpiece. “Control room, this is Jumper two, request permission to depart?”

“You’re clear, Jumper two,” Chuck’s voice replied. “Have fun.”

He turned his attention back to Lorne. “Go straight up. The doors will open when they sense you.”

Within moments, they were outside.

“And feel free to deploy the drive pods whenever you’re ready to take it up a notch.”

The moment the though crossed his mind, he felt the Jumper lurch, almost imperceptibly, and then they shot forward.

“How fast are we going?” Evan asked. The display changed to show their speed and altitude. “Damn, the inertial dampeners in this thing are incredible.”

“Would you believe I almost miss feeling G’s?”

Something from the vicinity of the copilot’s seat began beeping.

“What is that?” Lorne asked. The display changed again, this time to show a detailed diagram of the jumper itself, with the left drivepod flashing red.

“Drive pod malfunction. We should get back to Atlantis.”

Lorne panicked a little, knowing, from experience, that it was damn near impossible to flying a plane with only one wing. Flying an unbalanced jumper wasn’t nearly as troubling, he realized quickly. He disengaged the working drivepod, then used maneuvering thrusters to orient them toward the city. Using the drivepod, he was able to set them on a shaky course toward home.

Sheppard tapped something on his side, and the left pod came back on line. “Good job,” he said, smiling. “You don’t have to keep going to Atlantis. Feel free to go wherever.”

“That was a test?”

“Relax, I do this with all of my pilots. You passed with flying colors. You’re a natural.”

“Oh?”

“I should mention that results prior to now have been mediocre at best, seeing that all of my pilots are actually scientists who had never been in a cockpit in their lives. I have to test them on dozens of possible problems, even if they’re only emergency pilots. I’m not overly concerned with your ability to solve problems under pressure, I just need to know that you’ve got a handle on the controls.”

“No need to play favorites, Major. Subject me to all your tests.”

“I can think of better uses of time. How’s about we settle into a low orbit.”

Evan pointed them at the sky, pushing upward until the display indicated that they were high enough to not fall back down.

Suddenly Sheppard was kissing him, and that sneaking suspicion he’d had earlier was apparently not so wrong – they were having sex somewhere secluded with an incredible view. He just hadn’t expected to it to be in space. It wasn’t something he’d ever considered before – F-302’s were exactly spacious enough to move around in – but he found himself wondering if this kind of thing happened often in Atlantis; did people rent out Jumpers to have sex in orbit? Were many of the Lantean’s members of the hundred mile high club?

“I bet you do this with all your pilot’s too,” he said, grinning as John lowered them to the ground. It wasn’t nearly as uncomfortable as he might have expected.

“Only the pretty ones.”

 

Atlantis senior staff left a few days later – Earth had given them the time to get a replacement command in order, and maybe that time was also to make sure shit wasn’t going to hit the fan again.

If Evan was being honest with himself, he was more than a little concerned. He had read the reports, knew that things went wrong often, even if there was seldom gate-travel.

 

As it turned out, Sheppard’s team was a lot like SG-1 in that bad things only ever seemed to happen to them. In the nearly four weeks that the senior staff was back on Earth,