door creaks open, loud in the silence— Sans peeks his head in, scanning the interior.

There's a lump on the bed.

Sans non-existing stomach drops to the bottom of his non-existing gut.

"h-hey... papyrus?"

No answer. The lump doesn't even move.

Tentatively, Sans steps inside. Lets the door remain open behind him.

"bro? you, uhm, okay?"

This time, the lump moves.

A pair of glowing, blue eyes stares at him from underneath the layers and layers of blankets.

"okay, dumb question— uhh, do you... need anything?"

Papyrus shifts. It's barely noticeable, and Sans only notices it because he's looking directly at him.

"NO."

The two glowing lights disappear.

Sans is pretty sure Papyrus just buried his face in his pillow.

"pap, c'mon. let me help."

No answer. Papyrus has obviously gone back to ignoring him.

Sans sighs. Steps closer, careful not to make too much noise as he pads across the room.

"bro, please? you always help me when i'm feeling down."

He reaches over, gently laying his hand on where he thinks Papyrus' shoulder is.

"bro, plea—"

There's a low, muffled grumble, and Papyrus shifts underneath his hand.

"SANS. JUST PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE."

Sans frowns. "bro, i can't—"

Another grumble. "SANS, WILL YOU JUST—"

"pap, c'mon! i wanna help you—!"

A high whine interrupts him.

Craning his head back, he stares up towards the noise.

A Gaster Blaster hangs suspended in the air, nothing more than a few inches away from his face.

Bright blue light glows from behind its closed teeth.

"SANS. IF YOU DON'T LEAVE ME ALONE, RIGHT NOW, I'M GOING TO BLAST YOUR FACE OFF."

Sans gently pats at Papyrus' blanket-covered form.

"okay bro. you just call me if you need anything, okay?"

There's a low, muffled grumble of agreement.

Sans turns around, and walks quietly out the door, closing it behind him.

Yeah. Not a good day.

 

"i don't know what to do."

Sans is lying sprawled across the table, face muffled in his sweater-sleeves. Across from him, Frisk is giving him a sympathetic stare.

So is Toriel, for that matter.

"Is this something we should worry about?" she asks, eyebrows furrowed in concern. She's tapping her claws against the mug of cocoa she's been cradling ever since Sans plopped down.

Sans sighs. "nah. he gets like that sometimes. i just—" he raises one shoulder in a very tired shrug. "dunno what to do about it."

There's a few seconds of quiet. Frisk is probably signing something, but right now, Sans can't find it in himself to raise his head.

"Hm, perhaps you're right, my child."

Well. Guess he has to now.

Forcing himself to raise his head, Sans looks sluggishly across the table.

Frisk gives him a small smile, repeating themselves <maybe he just needs to be alone for a while?>

Sans sighs. Slumps further in his seat. "yeah, probably. i just." he closes his mouth, dropping his head back to stare at the ceiling.

"he's always there for me, you know? and now, when he's feeling crummy, i can't help. and it just. bothers me."

Frisk thins their lip, tapping thoughtfully at their chin. Toriel hums, similarly deep in thought.

Sans sighs and closes his eyes.

It takes a while, before anybody says or signs something. Of course it's Frisk who makes the first sound, tapping twice on the table.

Sans peels his eyes back open, and pays attention.

Frisk is smiling softly, still, and there's a soft shine to their eyes. <maybe he just doesn't need to talk? couldn't you just lay with him?>

...somehow, he had never thought of that before.

Groaning, Sans slides his palms over his sockets, sliding back in the booth. "i'm so stupiiiiid—"

Toriel and Frisk both chuckles.

"Don't let it bother you," Toriel says, voice warm. "It's one of those things one just forgets."

Sans groans, louder, and when they both giggle at the sound, he grins. "you're just saying that, tori."

She grins back, a glint in her eye. "Well, you are a bit of a bonehead, aren't you?"

They both laugh, even though it's an old, over-used pun.

Frisk rolls their eyes, smiling anyway, and suddenly, Sans doesn't feel as down as he did a few minutes ago.

He knows what to do now, after all.

 

The house is still quiet.

Sans closes the