't want us in your pups life."

Cas glanced at Dean, who shrugged. He sighed and ran a hand through his hair, "Dad, I miss you. I miss Gabriel, Michael. All of you but when I had told of what I wanted to do, mom didnt support me and you just followed mom's lead. She didn't like that I didn't have her traditional views, that I was going my own way. The only one who ever supported me in our family was Gabriel but we lost contact because he was too afraid to do what he believes in, scared of what mom would do. I don't want my kid to grow up like that. She's going to be raised knowing that Omegas, Alphas, and Betas are all equal, no matter what. I know mom isn't going to approve of that and I don't want her trying to push her views on my pup. But I love you guys and I do miss you but I just can't have mom's views going against my own."

His dad nodded, "Gabriel is living on his own now, he separated from the family, like you. I have his number if you want it. We miss you too son, your mother, she's never going to change. Everyone else misses you a lot though and want you to contact us again,despite your mother. We all kind of just let your mother have her thing."

Cas nodded, "I would love to have Gabriel's number. I would love to have contact with you and the others but my views are never going to change and neither with my pups."

Chuck nodded and wrote the number down, along with a few others, "That's fine. Just keep in contact with us. We want to know how you are doing. I wrote all of the numbers down for everyone, including my own. I hope you will let us back in sometime and we get to meet the pup when she comes out."

"Maybe. I'll keep in touch dad..."

Chuck nodded and headed towards the door, "It was nice to meet you Dean, Sam. Goodbye Castiel." Then Cas showed him to the door.

Cas sighed and looked down at the numbers of all his siblings. A hand was placed on his shoulder, causing him to look back.

Dean smiled at him, "So who's Gabriel?"

Cas smiled.

~~~~~~~~~~~

"Yes Gabe, it'd be awesome to see you again and catch up."

"Yes, I do and he's amazing."

"I still paint, I actually sell artwork now, making a name for myself... Yes he supports me in it."

"When are you available?"

"Dean doesn't work right now since he's six months pregnant. Too far along."

A chuckle and sigh, "Thank you, we're excited. So Tuesday?"

"Alright, see you then."

Cas hung up and was smiling brightly.

Dean laid the hand towel he was using to dry his hands down, walking over to Cas.

"Well?"

Cas smiled up at Dean, pulling him closer, "Gabriel is still Gabriel, even after all this time. He's coming Tuesday, if that is alright? I think you'll like him."

Dean nodded, "That's fine. I'm glad he's coming, you are so happy."

Cas stood up and kissed him, "I was closest with Gabe, he understood me best. We were very close before I left home to do what I wanted. We lost contact but I am very glad to have spoken to him again."

Dean nodded and kissed him, "Though, I think we need to instill in Sam harder that opening doors to straByers is very bad. That is the second time and what if it wasn't your dad and it was someone bad?"

Cas nodded, "We will."

Dean smiled, "Is your father an Alpha? He seems more... Relaxed than your mom on views."

Cas nodded, "He's a Beta, my mom's the Alpha. My mom's always had a too tight of grip on her views of Omegas so they never really clicked. Her and my dad found each other and he could actually stand her and her ridiculous views. Though, he is more relaxed on them but he usually just follows my mom's ways."

Dean nodded, "Well it'll be nice to actually meet a family member that won't criticize me."

"Gabriel... He's something alright. But he's awesome."

~~~~~~~~~~~

When Tuesday came Cas was lit with energy.

It was contagious and had Dean smiling with him.

When the doorbell rang, things stopped.

Cas straightened himself and answered the door.

He was pulled in a hug.

"Cassie. It's so nice to see you again. Glad mom's views never dampered your spirit."

Cas laughed and patted Gabriel's back, "It is nice to