he’s not so sure. “Louis that’s enough.” Niall says and  thank god  for Niall, because he could not have taken more of that on either nub. Louis straddles his waist and drops the nipple clamps on his lower ribs cage, using his hands to pinch and rub around them just because he can. Zayn flinches when the clamps pinch at the very sensitive skin. It hurts, but in a way where it buzzed in his head and send odd bolts of pleasure through his skin.


(Louis loved seeing how the silver chain connecting the clamps stood out against Zayn’s golden pigmented skin, which beaded with sweat.



He honestly can’t blame Zayn for being overwhelmed, being a human and all, but as vampires they’re rather promiscuous creatures and well, someone as sexy as Zayn Malik tied up and at their disposal is not something one takes lightly. He kisses him on the forehead gently and moves out of the way for Liam.)




Louis lifts off him but Liam immediately takes up his position, leaning forward and sucking bruises into his neck, all over his chest and even his arms, taking his time in marking him up – his dropped fangs nipping at his skin and drawing blood to the surface, on more than one occasion he pierces the skin, suckling on his blood in a way that Zayn  knows  shouldn’t be so erotic but Liam still manages to pull it off. He makes embarrassing noises under the gag that he can't help. In the meantime Louis, Harry and Niall form a three way snog-fest and start to give each other hand jobs to the sight of him tied up and completely helpless with Liam marking him up in a way that won’t fade for  weeks.  Liam works his way down all the way to his prick, bypassing it completely in favor of marking the tops of his thighs and inside his pelvis.

Scratch that, these hickeys won’t come away for months.

Liam lifts up when he must deem that Zayn is covered up an acceptable amount, Zayn looks down his body and he's never seen so many in his life. Harry, whom broke away from Louis and Niall, moves in. Harry inspects his dick with his mouth slightly agape. He looms over him again and runs his hand through the hair at the back of Zayn’s neck, taking a firm hold and making him look down his incapacitated body again. 

“Look at your dick Zayn, look at how it’s standing so prettily against your tummy, how beautifully hard it is for us.” He lets go of Zayns hair but he doesn’t let his head drop back, no he watches as Harry swipes a finger over the head of his cock, making him writhe and moan at the contact. “Watch your delicious precome practically oozing out baby boy.” Harry smirks at him, making eye contact. “Would you like to taste baby?” He asks, albeit cruelly, knowing fully well Zayn wouldn’t be able to fill out that request while he was gagged. Instead Harry bought his smeared finger to his own lips, moaning at the taste.

“There’s actually something I want to try out on you baby boy, a new toy we bought for you.” Harry reaches over to whatever is in the bag and pulls out a thin hollow cylindrical toy with a ring at the end; shiny, smooth yet slightly bumpy with one end thinner than the other; similar to a very thin pen. He holds it up to his face and inspects it, rummaging in the bag for a small bottle of whatever it is and douses the metal toy in it, rubbing the liquid over the surface with his thumb and forefinger and then rubbing some lube over it. Harry leans over his and nips at the skin around his groin just as Liam had done before.

“Relax,” Harry instructs him and he does his best but it’s hard to when you’re so hard you can barely think straight and your incredibly sexy boyfriend presents a toy you’ve not seen before to you. He takes a deep breath and forces himself to comply.

“Good boy.” Harry rewards him with a kiss to his cockhead (which, by the way, does not help when you’re trying to relax).

Harry sits on his knees and hovers the toy over his dick and with his other hand holding it still. He places the tip of the toy over the slit and makes eye contact with him, slowly applying pressure to it. His body seizes up because he was not expecting that at all.

“ Relax.  ” Harry all but grits through his teeth and he forces himself to do so. From then on Harry slowly, ever so slowly pushes the toy into his slit. It becomes more and more intense the further it goes and while at first it was uncomfortable now it feels strangely pleasant. Zayn breathes steadily in and out his nose, closing his eyes and making himself relax multiple times to do as Harry wanted. When the toy is fully inserted Harry leans down and licks around it, he feels like his cock is now splintered into a position where he