happened?”

Junmyeon is the next to come round, the boy choking as his eyes open to adjust to the bright light around him. He was similar to Chanyeol, he felt sick too.

Then Baekhyun woke up and Sehun faced a reality he wished wasn’t true. Baekhyun looked around, then faced the ground with a look of pain and sighed, “(y/n)-ah?”

“She’s not here,” Luhan answers.

He looks at Sehun and the pair are stuck in a staring match until Chanyeol speaks again. This time, he’s definitely not happy. “Who are these people? Sehun, who are they?”

“Why should I know?” Sehun answers. His friendship with you has encouraged him to stand up to his hyung – especially Chanyeol. The tall, red haired friend of Baekhyun’s was no match for Sehun anymore. “They dragged me here. I was at home with Baekhyun.”

Baekhyun confirms this with a nod. His eyes are suspicious and Sehun assumes that you’ve not told Baekhyun about your past. “We were both at home. I opened the door and those men walking in asking for… (y/n)—! Have you seen her?”

Sehun shakes his head and Luhan follows suit. Personally he wishes to express his concerns for you outside like Baekhyun did but that wouldn’t go down well. Chanyeol, protective of his own best friend, was already weary of how close Sehun was to you. He’d mentioned it a lot in the past when you and Baekhyun weren’t in the room.

“We are here because of (y/n)?” Chanyeol asks. He might have had a problem with Sehun (and you for that matter), but he had to appear nice for Baekhyun’s sake.

Baekhyun was overly protective of you, too. Anyone who dared utter a word about you would get the rough end of the stick from Baekhyun for the rest of his life. He loved you and Sehun understood that. They’d both do anything for you.

“I’m not sure,” Luhan answers. “I didn’t get to see their faces but they were shouting something about Jongdae when they pushed me into their van.

Chanyeol frowns. Sehun can’t seem to recall if the two formally know each other. He’s certain they know of each other but now is the first time they are properly talking. “Jongdae? Why Jongdae?”

“They knocked me out before telling me that part,” Luhan answers.

He’s the eldest in the room and he is also Sehun’s friend. Hopefully meaning that he’d stand up for Sehun. It calms his nerves a little, so he can go back to thinking about you.

At 12:30pm ish you had text him saying you were at the store and Sehun had text back asking you to pick him up some new coffee beans – it was supposed to keep him awake tonight because you both were going to watch a new drama – one with two of your favourite actors (Park Hyungsik and Lee Jisoo).

You’d surely know by now that something was wrong. He hadn’t heard from you since… 1 maybe? Sehun wasn’t sure. Either way he was worried, especially with the involuntary pain in his chest.

No. His heart.

“This has nothing to do with Jongdae!” Chanyeol shouts. He frowns at the pair at the end of the row as he shakes his head. “This is all you! Sehun, you and (y/n)! Bad things always happen around you and it’s only worse with the two of you!”

“Hey!” Both Luhan and Baekhyun come to Sehun’s defence. The combined shout even stirs the last of the group who was seemingly out cold.

“Sehun and (y/n) are nothing to do with this!” Baekhyun says. He’s never truly gotten mad at Chanyeol, Sehun recalls, but there is a first for everything. “Whatever it is, don’t pull them into it! They’re you’re dongsaengs and you treat them like this? Chanyeol, I’m scared too, but don’t act like this.”

Luhan nods in agreement. “This should be about anything or anyone. Bad things happen to everyone. I dare you to say that again, or you’ll be the one who’s cursed.”

Deep down, Sehun knows that they’re just helping you, but he ignores it. He instead focuses on the sound of footsteps coming from a corridor and watches the door so he can get a good look that the person’s face.

He does exactly that when a man walks through the door. Sehun keeps quiet and just watches, vaguely aware of the bickering around him. He needs to escape and make sure you’re okay.

“Quiet!” The man shots. It’s not one Sehun recognises; he is too generic. But he does scream authority, and Sehun isn’t the only one to notice this. “Which if you is Byun Baekhyun?”

Silence.