stood again. 

Louis just rested his head on Niall's shoulder until the elevator made a stop. They had arrived at Niall's floor. He walked Louis over to room 405 and pulled out his keys.

"Alright, so Z can be a little... antisocial," Niall explained. "You remind me of him actually! But you know... without the whole memory loss thing." 

One arm holding onto Louis made it difficult to open the door. Niall slipped and bonked his head on the door knob. 

"Jesus fuck!" Niall lifted his arm from Louis' waist to rub his forehead in the same spot Louis hit him earlier. 

The door swung open and a handsome person with dark features stood before them in sweats and a t-shirt. Scared again, Louis jumped and the towel fell from his hips. 

"Really? Did you seriously bring me another stripper, Niall?" The person groaned as he opened the door more to let them in. "Why are his clothes already off? Where's the suspense? And where the fuck is my cat?" 

Niall picked up the towel and guided Louis into the apartment. He bit his lip and turned around to give the person a sad face. 

"I kind of... maybe," Niall scratched the back of his head. "Lost Jim." 

"Wait are you serious? What the fuck dude? I ask you to do one thing... I even pay you and you just... don't do it?" The person banged his head against the door before breathing in heavily and spat, "Pack your bags. Get out of here, I don’t want to see your face." 

"I was just taking Jim out for a walk! And you don't have a leash so I just asked him not to run away! I thought I'd be nice and take him out--" 

"It's a fucking cat! Who the fuck walks a cat?! That's it. Leave." 

"But Zayn--" 

Ah, Louis thought. So this was Z. 

"No. Go away. I need to cry by myself." Zayn folded his arms. 

"I can cry with you!" Niall begged. 

Zayn stood there for a moment before he took a look at Louis, then back at Niall, then out into the hallway. He sighed. 

"Fine. You can stay. Just tell the stripper dude to put on a towel. I'm not in the mood." Zayn stomped off.  

Niall picked up the towel from the hallway and handed it to Louis before closing the front door.  

"He's like that," Niall apologized. "I'm sorry." 

"It's alright." Louis smiled. "He seems nice." 

Niall stared at him for a second before walking off into the kitchen. Louis followed. Niall pointed to a few things in a cupboard and asked if he was hungry. Come to think of it, yeah, Louis was pretty hungry. He couldn't remember the last time he ate; couldn't remember the last time he did anything.



Louis spread the towel on the counter and sat his bum on top of it. Niall screamed into his hand and puffed his cheeks before asking Louis if he wanted to shower first.  

"Um, sure." Louis stared at Niall's face before asking, "What's a shower?" 

"I'm beginning to think you're making this up." Niall offered his hand and Louis took it as Niall helped him down. 

They walked over to another room. There was a sink, a shorter sink, and a bigger sink. Niall turned on the faucet of the bigger sink and filled it with water. 

"Oh! A bath!" Louis laughed and stepped right in the water. 

"Do you need me to bathe you too?" Niall asked sarcastically. 

Louis thought about it, "Well that would be nice." 

"I was joking. Dude." 

Embarrassed, Louis submerged himself under the water as Niall walked out. It was odd how Louis couldn't remember a single thing about himself. At least he remembered his name and recognized a few things, but that was it. It was as if he just washed up on shore like a stranger to this world. Louis felt out of place and alone; he felt like he was nothing at all to everyone and everything around him. It was a pain. 

Louis sat up and cupped the water in his hand. He grabbed the loofa and some soap and rubbed it over himself. The bath was quiet and calming. It felt nice and strangely reminded him of... a soft cloud. As if he was on that cloud, bathing.  

Louis got up and dried himself off. It seemed like Niall had laid out some clothing for him to wear. Louis picked the underwear, and put that on with nothing else. 

"Hello?" Louis walked out of the restroom. 

"Louis!" Niall called from the living room. "We're in here." 

Louis walked towards Niall's voice to find him and Zayn sat on the couch looking at a big screen. They