interrupted, “Oh for fuck sake, I won’t drink and drive. Will that make you both happy?”

Both Justin and Ruairi replied, “Yes,” at the same time.

“I hope that applies to when we get back to the states as well, Brian,” Justin added.

Brian ignored him, no one told him what to do, well unless it suited him.

“Make a right turn when we get to the cross roads,” Ruairi said, and Brian did as he was told.

After parking the car, all of the men got, “It looks very Irish, doesn’t it Brian?” Justin asked, “I can’t wait to get inside,” he added.

Once inside the men seated themselves at the bar, and Brian muttered, “Flavoured water, any kind except lemon, citrus, peach, raspberry, or strawberry.”

“I’m sorry sir, but at the minute those are all the flavours we have in. Can I interest you in plain water with ice or perhaps something fizzy like Coke, Fanta or 7up,” the waitress suggested.

“7up will be fine, thanks,” Brian said.

Justin and Ruairi ordered flavoured water, each.

After bringing the men their drinks, the waitress escorted them to a table and handed them a menu, “I will be back in a few minutes to take your order,” she told them, and sauntered off to other customers who had just entered.

“Everyone is so friendly here, Brian. I can’t get over how nice they all are,” Justin said, and drank some of his drink.

“Are people not nice in America?” Ruairi asked.

“Well yea, but here it feels different. Almost like…”

“A mystical land filled with enchanted things, such as Fairies, Leprechauns and Toad shaped houses”? Brian butted in, rolling his eyes.

Justin sank back into his chair, as if cowering away in embarrassment, “I guess so, this place just has a feel of something like that to it,” he told Brian and Ruairi.

“I lived here the whole eighteen years of my life, and never once thought of anything like that,” Ruairi said.

“Yea, but in other countries they always seem nicer. I mean Ireland has always been known for Fairies, Leprechauns and Toad shaped houses right?” Justin asked, “Oh, and St Patrick’s Day and lots of Guinness, too” Justin continued.

Brian and Ruairi clinked their glasses at the mention of Guinness, and Ruairi toasted, “Slainte!”

Justin looked confused, so Brian told him, “It means cheers, or good health in the Irish language.”

“Oh, well thanks for not making me feel like a dick, and pointing it out in public Brian,” Justin said, before continuing to look at his menu and giving a brief smile.

“Don’t worry Justin, our slang’s are hard to get used to sometimes. You’ll catch on, soon enough. I’m ready to order, hey miss!” Ruairi shouted.

Soon orders were taken and food was served, “That’s very unusual for you to eat, Brian,” Justin remarked, “What is it again?” He asked.

“It’s called Irish stew. It’s fucking delicious,” Brian said, before forking the next bit into his mouth, “I’ll have to spend a week on my treadmill when I get home for eating just this meal, but it’s delicious. The waitress said it’s the most asked for in here,” he added.

“I got the lamb,” Justin said, and the parsnips are to die for.

“I fancied the beef burger and chips. Me ol’ doll makes all that on a regular basis, at the bed and breakfast which is why this makes a nice change,” Ruairi told them.

After their dinner, and declination of desert, Ruairi headed to the men’s room, “Well, what are you waiting for sunshine? He’s all yours,” Brian said to Justin, grinning.

Justin smiled and quickly made his way into the men’s room.

After entering the men’s room, Justin went over and stood at the urinal next to his new friend, “It’s so great here, I love it. The atmosphere is so relaxing,” he said, while preparing to pee.

“I guess it’s just what you are used to,” Ruairi said, after tucking himself in and walking over to the basin to wash his hands.

Justin quickly followed, after he too had finished at the urinal. That’s when he found himself pushed up against the wall, with lips crashing down onto his own, “God, you have no idea how much I have wanted to do that, ever since I first saw you,” Ruairi told a stunned Justin.

Justin kissed Ruairi back the second time their lips met, and pulled him in tighter when he noticed Brian standing behind the other man, “You don’t usually start without me,” Brian said, scaring Ruairi, who shot back