then smiled innocently when Niall turned to glare at Louis, both boys oblivious to the approaching storm.

Liam and Zayn fell onto the hotel bed three hours away from their apartment with the boys, their minds and bodies somewhere far away, the love they shared keeping them from noticing their phones vibrating on the table as Twitter overloaded,

ovaries blew up,

and Danielle, who was with Perrie at the time, picked up the phone to tell Simon that her job as a beard was no longer a secret.



Now we’re back together



‘UNF? i cnt beleiv Ziam is for REALLLLLSSS’

‘Let’s not overreact guys, if they are, they’re keeping it a secret until this Nouis stuff dies down, we have to calm down, not blow it all out of proportion (like always)’

‘I’m happy for them’

Only a few of the things Zayn saw as he skimmed down his secret Tumblr page later that day, his finger tightening around Liam’s as he stopped on the picture that had caused all of that, a red circle encasing and enlarging the part of the picture showing Liam’s pinkie circled around Zayn’s as they walked away from Syco Records, the rest of the picture blurred apart from Niall’s arm around Louis’ shaking shoulders.



Everything that’s in our way



It wasn’t a bad thing, but Zayn was worried.

Would the world hate him for using Perrie?

Would the fans start hating on her because she agreed?

Zayn didn’t want to cause trouble for anyone, especially not Perrie, as she was a great woman, and friend. Liam looked over Zayn’s shoulder and froze. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he figured he should be worried about the fans reactions, but he was focused on the gun that was aimed at Harry in the very edge of the picture.

The curly haired lad was currently asleep in his room, but it scared Liam to think about the fact that,

for maybe only a second,

Harry’s life had been in someone else’s hands.



We’re better then all right



Niall pulled his phone out of his pocket, his smile growing as Louis squirmed under him, swiping his finger across the screen to unlock the phone, not prepared for the text from Zayn.

‘Ziam is out of closet nd some1 pointed a gun at Harry… me and Liam r drivin hme rite now, we hve another appointment with Uncle Si in two hrs, ttys’

Niall’s smile was long gone and Louis was quiet, confused by the fear on his boyfriends face.



Walking between the raindrops



Liam had his arm around his boyfriend as they walked into their apartment, Louis and Niall curled up together on the couch, somber expressions on their faces.

In the end,

it seemed someone else always had to win.

Harry was believed to be upstairs sleeping, though none of the boys had checked yet, not wanting to risk waking him up.

As the other two took a seat, exhausted and yet energized, Niall spoke first, his voice barely hiding his inner emotions,”We have to keep him safe, that bitch can rot in hell if she thinks she can just aim a gun at our Hazz-”



Riding the aftershock we stand cool



Harry burst through the door, shirt covered in blood, a body in his hands, his demeanor cooler than ice, and his pants on backwards.

Liam,

being the mature one he is,

shot up off the chair, running over to Harry while yelling,”We don’t check on you for three fucking hours and you kill a man?!”

Harry’s face took on a sarcastic expression as he pulled the boy in through the door and drawled in his slow speech,

“Yes,

I killed this 17 year old because he looked so…

Killable, laying on the steps of his house,

broken,

beaten,

and bloody.”

Liam blinked, and then said,”So, I don’t need to call your lawyer yet?”

Harry rubbed his face with his bloodied hands, not seeming to notice as he spread the liquid across his face, and sighed.

“No, Liam!

You don’t need to call my lawy-

When did I even get a lawyer?!”

Liam shook his head and ignored the question, asking his own,”Who is this boy?”

Harry lay the boy on the floor gently, and knelt beside him, checking his vitals quickly while answering,”My boyfriend.

My abused boyfriend, Damian, to be exact.”



Off into the sunset



At that point, Niall couldn’t believe that people called this teenager a man whore, a teenager who was patient enough to date an abuse victim, much less be gay.

The boys had known that Harry was gay, he had told them five seconds before their performance at the judges houses,

not leaving room for anything but acceptance,

which was all he got,

and they were proud of him even, as he never once had a breakdown over a break up, or messed up a performance because of guy troubles.

He was truly a great example.

Harry kissed his boyfriend softly, and