pry apart his caked-together lashes. A small victory, and yet apparently a pointless one for now, as he could not seem to focus his gaze just yet – everything was a blur.

Simon immediately revised his opinion when he noticed a human-shaped blob of orangeish-red and yellow huddled at the side of his bed, and realized that the warmth encasing the digits of his right hand was the result of smaller, slimmer fingers entwined with his own.

“A…”

There was no voice to accompany the air flowing out of his mouth when he tried to speak.

Simon swallowed weakly around the foreign object in his throat – a feeding tube, it seemed – and tried again.

“A… thena…”

Even though her name only came out in a whisper this time, his utterance was loud enough for her to stir. While his vision had yet to fully come into focus, he could see her sitting up and rub her face sleepily. Then, her eyes widened.

“You… you’re coming around!”

Suddenly, Athena jumped up from her chair so rapidly that it fell backward with a clatter.

“I have to get the nurse! Stay awake, oh please, stay awake…”

Rapid footsteps on linoleum flooring. A door opening and closing. Silence.

While he was waiting for Athena to return, Simon gingerly attempted to move his extremities, but did not get particularly far beyond wiggling his fingers and toes. His sharpening vision, along with the copious amounts of white peeking out everywhere underneath the blanket which had been draped over him, did not leave him guessing at the reason for very long: much of his body was either wrapped in tight bandages, or fixated in casts. Running his dried-out tongue over his teeth, he could feel that he had lost at least three during the assault, and the area around one of his eyes felt swollen and sore.

He was still in the process of taking inventory of his injuries when the door opened once more, and then, Athena’s voice reached his ears, her tone one of urgent pleading.

“Simon…?”

Clearing his throat hurt, but it helped in speaking up a little more clearly.

“Yes…”

She burst into tears as she sank back down into the chair next to the bed, once again holding on to his hand. The warmth of her touch cut through all of his aches and pains.

“I-I thought we were g-gonna lose you…”

This time, Simon did not manage to respond when he sought to calm her down; the dryness of his throat and the chafing sensation of the tube made him gag slightly, and then he began coughing, every hacking spasm causing the pain to flare up. A nurse stepped into view, holding him gently but firmly by the shoulders until the attack had subsided.

“Would you like some water, Mr. Blackquill?”

Not trusting himself to speak, Simon nodded slightly, and a moment later, the cool rim of a drinking vessel was held against his lips, then tilted toward him the merest bit.

He drank about half a glass of water over the course of the next ten minutes, sip by tiny sip, and felt with each swallow how the liquid soothed his parched mouth and rolled down his throat, revitalizing his vocal chords.

Finally, he shook his head just when the nurse was about to offer him more. “Enough.”

The word, though croaked and quiet, emerged clearly.

The woman smiled down at him. “Of course. Well, I better see about getting the doctor to take a look at you, now that you’re back with us. It’ll only be a few minutes.”

She left the room after that statement, and it was only after the door closed quietly behind her that Simon realized that she had not once hesitated in aiding him, even though she obviously knew who he was.

Athena leaned back forward into his field of view; her face was wet with tears.

“I’m sorry if I just upset you, I didn’t mean to make a scene, but… you’ve been out of it for two weeks and two days. After you were brought in, the doctors decided to put you in an induced coma for a week once they were done with your surgeries, you were hurt so badly… and then, they took you off the drugs, but you just wouldn’t wake up even after they were out of your system… we were all fearing the worst…”

Another small sob escaped her at the end of her statement, and her grip on his hand tightened.

Simon, too, closed his fingers around hers; the small movement took much more effort than it should have.

“… ‘We?’”

He sincerely doubted that the plural pronoun indicated a large number of people; perhaps Athena was referring to Taka, or maybe she had had a chance to talk to his sister during the two weeks he had apparently spent unconscious.

She smiled down at him. “You’ve had a lot of visitors since they transferred you from the ICU. I was here pretty much all the time – I