widened.  “Don’t touch those.”  She warned him slowly.

But the monkey blatantly disregarded her and grabbed the panties before jumping onto the branch of a nearby tree, waving his trophy at her.  

“Hey!”  Kathryn shouted.  “Drop ‘em!”  

The monkey screeched and disappeared into the woods.  

“You little shit…”  Kathryn mumbled, not knowing whether to be shocked or amused.  Then she sighed and shrugged.  So the monkey got her panties…  She could easily replicate a new pair at the shelter.
She reached out for the washcloth and the soap and efficiently started lathering up. 

A short time later she rose out of the water and grabbed the large towel to dry her body before putting on her clothes, minus panties.  

Muttering at the monkey –who’d long since disappeared out of sight- Kathryn walked back to the shelter.  When she approached, she could smell B’Elanna was roasting something.  

Sure enough, when she emerged from the woods, she noticed the half-Klingon was sitting outside, slowly rotating a rabbit on a spit above a campfire.  

“You caught another one?”  Kathryn smiled enthusiastically.  

“Sure did.”  B’Elanna nodded.  “And it’s almost ready.  Come, sit down.”  She indicated the picnic plaid she’d draped onto the grass.  

“Let me put my things inside first.”  Kathryn replied, keeping her face as straight as she could muster while adding mentally ‘and put on some underwear’.

When she reemerged, B’Elanna had already divided the meat and was serving the replicated vegetables.  

“How long before we have fresh tomatoes?”  B’Elanna asked as Kathryn came outside and sat down next to her.

“They need to ripen just a little more.”  Kathryn replied, already licking her lips at the food in front of her.  “I promise, next time you catch a rabbit, I’ll get you a true homemade meal.”  She grinned.

“I’m keeping you to that.”  B’Elanna warned, waving her finger.  “I know your lack of cooking skills is legendary, but I’m assuming you can chop vegetables without creating any kind of natural disaster?”  

Kathryn grinned good-naturedly.  “We’ll see…”  

B’Elanna eyed her dubiously, about to mutter some comment when her attention was drawn to the trees behind the other woman.
“You’re little friend is back.”  She nodded in the direction of the monkey that had just appeared. 

Then she frowned.  “Are those… panties around his neck?”
The half-Klingon turned to Kathryn and noticed how a light blush was creeping up the other woman’s cheeks.  

“Yours?”  B’Elanna grinned.  “How did that happen?”   

Kathryn rolled her eyes.  “That little pervert stole them while I was bathing just now.”  She clarified mildly embarrassed.  

B’Elanna laughed heartily.  “Well,” she addressed the monkey, “you’re a little daredevil aren’t you?  Steeling the panties of the great Captain Janeway…  People have been thrown out an airlock for less!”  

Kathryn swatted the other woman on the shoulder before extending her hand to the monkey.  “Why don’t you give those back, hmm?”  

The monkey only screeched in response and B’Elanna shook her head.  “He won’t do that. He’s probably the hero of monkeytown with those around his neck.”  

Kathryn sighed as the monkey disappeared again in the woods, screeching victoriously.  “Well, seems like he’s getting away with it.”  

“Yeah.”  B’Elanna nodded.  “I can’t believe he got into your panties before I did though.”  She added with a teasing grin.  

“Tsk, B’Elanna.”  Kathryn swatted the other woman on the shoulder again.  

But the half-Klingon’s grin just got wider.  “What?  I’m just sayin’…”  She shrugged.

Kathryn smiled lightly.  “That you’re jealous of a monkey?”  

B’Elanna locked eyes with the other woman and gazed at her intently.  “Insanely jealous…”  She whispered.  

Kathryn felt her stomach clench and she swallowed, maintaining eye contact.
“Well, what are you going to do about it?”  She whispered back, surprising even herself with those words.  

B’Elanna’s eyes widened for a second before she fluently got on her hands and knees to close the distance between them.
She stopped with her face only centimeters away from Kathryn’s, searching the woman’s eyes for a sign that she wasn’t ready.  But she found none and just as she started moving forward again she felt Kathryn impatiently grab her head to kiss her.  

The unexpected extra momentum caused them to topple over on the picnic blanket, with Kathryn lying on her back and B’Elanna sprawled on top of her. 

Enjoying the increased body contact, Kathryn moaned as B’Elanna kissed her hotly. Eagerly, she kissed the other woman back, letting her hands slide underneath the half-Klingon’s tank top and relishing the feeling of B’Elanna’s smooth skin. 

Wanting the fabric out of