two men eventually fall for one another in game. However, what happens at their inevitable meeting?

Enough randomness onwards to the story! It’s super duper short sadly; think of it as more the end of last chap then a new chap

 

 

“I’m fine” Muttered Severus his eyes moving towards the Floo building, it was still a fare way off, no quick escape for him. This night was turning out worse than he ever thought it could. Biting back a sigh of annoyance Severus turned back and addressed Malfoy. “If you don’t mind I really do need to be off...” Why out of all the people he could have run into, why Merlin why did it have to be Malfoy!

“It is so sad it think that a wizard can’t even have a good time these days without a mudblood ruining it.” Replied Malfoy glancing with distain towards the young drunk man sprawled out on the walkway. Wasting no time he strode forwards his eyes softening as he gently looked over the form in front of him. “Are you alright? The lout didn’t hurt you did he?” Asked Malfoy.

Severus found himself blushing despite himself, after all Lucius Malfoy had always been easy on the eyes. And his beauty had only seemed to intensify as he had aged.  Something which had made the blonde talk of Hogwarts for years after he left. And with his recent devoice of his wife... Don’t go there bad Severus!

But still this was bad, he hadn’t started dressing like this until after he had left Hogwarts, and being the private person he was he had never told Lucius about it, heck he hadn’t even told him about the professor and his nose. As far as Lucius Malfoy knew, the Severus Snape that taught potions and snapped at children daily was the real Snape.

“I’m fine but I really need to go now it’s getting late and all...”He replied gesturing towards the Floo building. Seeing Malfoy look towards where he had motioned he couldn’t help think that he would be able to leave. His hopes were dashed quickly.

“Then allow me to walk with you pet, I shudder at the thought of you being accosted by more riffraff.” Said Malfoy simply as he held his arm out wanting Severus to take hold.

Severus internally sighed and reached out grasping Lucius elbow gently. There was so way out of this, he could be rude and just leave but there was no saying that Malfoy wouldn’t just follow him. Not to mention he had no desire to offend a lord of an ancient and noble house. Plus he knew Lucius the man wouldn’t give up if there was something he wanted. The faster he left the faster he could forget all about this night ever happening.

The walk following towards the Floo building was a quite one. Neither men felt the need to speak and Severus was trying his hardest to ignore the fact that Lucius kept looking at him out the corner of his eye. Instead he focused his sharp mind onto the task at hand. Once they did get to the Floo building would Lucius leave it there or insist that he see him off, because Severus wasn’t sure what to do if he happened to over hear his Floo address. Pondering this potential dilemma Severus failed to realise when they had reached the door, and if it wasn’t for Lucius gentle tug on his arm he might had walked face first into it.

“Are you alright pet?” Said Lucius gently as he steadied the beautiful man on his arm.

“Yes sorry was off with the doxy’s” Muttered Severus, he took this time to let go of the blondes arm and straightened his dress. “I thank you for walking me here but I’ll be right now, I’m planning on heading straight home, it is late after all.”

Severus was very surprised and shocked when a few moments after he finished speaking his hand was grasped and lifted to soft lips.

“It’s was my pleasure I insure you, and I hope that you haven’t been put off visiting the lane again. I would very much like to bump into you once more.”

Severus felt like his heart might just jump out his chest, Lucius had said that whole thing with his lips barley inched from Severus’s hand. So in order to try and hide just how affected he was Severus jerked his hand back and frowned lightly at the man in front of him.

“Maybe...” Was all he said before he fled into the Floo building. The door banging loudly behind him. There was no way he was spending anymore time in the presence of that man.

It was a real pity that he had rushed away as fast as he did. If Severus had stayed just a little longer he might have seen the predatory smirk that graced the aristocrats face. Or even heard the whispered words.

“O Severus, we will meet again soon I’ll make sure of it.”

Freedom Chapter 4:

Severus was at this moment sat at his desk in the front of his potions classroom waiting with baited breath for