, struggling really hard not to sound irked.

“You don’t know we are?”, the silver-haired woman questioned. She glanced at her partner, who finally got up from the ground.

“You mean our boy haven’t talked once about his mommas’??”, the blue-eyed woman gasped out.

“Sorry who?”, Yuuri asked. This time not masking his annoyance.

“Vitya!”, the auburn-haired woman announced like it was the answer to everything

“Vitya?”
Yuuri’s was frustrated, it’s being a long day. ‘Vitya? Who's the hell is Vitya.’ Yuuri asked himself.
Gruff voice echoed the name in head. ‘Wait, isn’t that what Yakov calls Victor?,' finally clicking in Yuuri’s head.

“Wait do you mean Victor?” Yuuri affirmed, looking at both women.

“Yes”, they acknowledged in unison, nodding vigorously.
Yuuri was still baffled on how Victor know these strange women. ‘He didn’t mention any friends living in Moscow. They are way too old to be his sisters’,Yuuri thought to himself.

The silver-haired woman exhaled. Then tapped her finger on her closed lip. It seems the women finally caught on to Yuuri’s confusion.

“Since our boy is rude enough to not introduce his Mammas”, the light-haired woman began.  ”Allow me to introduce ourselves”

“I am Sophia Nikiforova”, the woman introduced pressing her hand to her chest. Then used her remaining hand to indicate to her partner.
“and this is my wife Dr. Olga Nikiforova. We are the mothers of Victor Nikiforov. Your husband.”

Yuuri was tired and exhausted from the day.  It's being a long day. When he heard the word husband, all he could do was let out a confused cry.

“EHHHHHHHHHHHHHH”

 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yuuri stared at the women in front of him, both confused and disoriented. The shower he just took was heavenly. It didn’t compare to the hot springs at home but it did really helped relax his sore muscles. Not that taking a shower has been on Yuuri’s agenda in the first place. 

The moment Yuuri unlocked his room, Olga, brushed past him and rummaged through his suitcase and took out a set of pyjamas. Whilst Sophia pushed him towards the bathroom. Both women threatened to wash him themselves if he didn’t comply. Yuuri who knows better than to test the wrath of a Nikiforov, quickly shut the door and stripped himself to take a shower. He had to admit the women were right. It did soothe him and help him to calm down.

The dark-haired man accepted the cup of mint tea, Sophia poured for him. It seems his coach’s mothers called up room service and asked them to bring pot of tea and cake, whilst he was in the shower.

Yuuri broke eye-contact from the woman and stared at the smoke, snaking up from his cup. He held up the tea to drink it and the steam began to fog up his glasses.

 

“I can see why my son fell in love with you,” Sophia mused finally breaking the awkward silence. Yuuri blushed at the woman’s forwardness.
“You have a very calming aura. Much like my Olya,” Silver-haired woman said with an affectionate smile directed at the other woman. The same woman who not too long ago managed crash tackled Yuuri, a competitive ice skater, to the ground.

“Sonya, stop you are making me blush”, Olya protested with a giggle.

“How’s Makkachin my dear?”, the auburn-haired woman inquired. “Vitenka hasn’t said anything since he left. How is the little puppy?”

“She’s fine. Victor called after the competition. He said that she should make a full recovery”, Yuuri replied back.

“We are so glad”, Olga as her shoulders visibly relaxed. “Our boy loves that dog. Treats him like family. He found her as puppy. Some soulless person abandoned her on side of the road in the middle of the St. Petersburg’s winter!” Olga exclaimed, still scandalised by the cruelty.

“Our boy actually hid the dog from us,” Sophia continued. “Got away with for 2 days until, Makkachin got the Olya’s priceless pearl necklace”.

“It was heirloom”, Olga supplied. “He was so terrified that we’ll get mad and throw out Makkachin, Vitya actually ran away. Right in the middle of St. Petersburg's Winter,” Olga shook her head recalling her son’s impulsive decision.

“We finally found both of them. Shivering and huddled up together,” Sophia supplied.

We were mad at him in the end. But not because of my silly necklace. I thought we’ll lose our boy that day,” Olga concluded, tears gleaming in her eyes

“I guess he did end up keeping Makkachin,” Sophia thought out loud.

“Well we can’t ever say no to our son,” reaching out her hand and placing it on her wife’s leg.

Yuuri covered his mouth with his hand.