match went by in a flash, both teams getting into the zone and doing their best, with Kotori cheering her hardest and Dia playing her best, and eventually resulting in aquors taking the match, 4-3.

μ's continued to cheer even after aquors had scored the last goal, and the referee's whistle blowing to signal the end of the game.

As the teams lined up to shake hands, both aquors and μ's were shaking with happiness. μ's ran out to stand behind the football team, and took their positions. As the music started blasting out from the speakers, they performed their routine. And as Kotori, Rin and Nico were tossed into the air, Dia and the rest of the football team gaped openly at the flexibility and strength the cheer team had. As the music switched from heavy beats to light dance music, the aura around μ's changed completely, and so did their attitude. They became more fluid with their movements and moved along to the music, looking more like idols than cheerleaders, but the routine slowly eased back into the cheerleader genre as the danced with more jumps and turns, eventually switching into the tumbling section. As they hit their ending pose, the crowds rose into applause. Dia simply stood there covered in sweat, shocked the girl's whole personality, which seemed to shine throughout the whole 4 minute routine, until Yoshiko, number 4, nudged her on the back for being rude.

After shaking hands with the opposing team from UTX High, both cheerleading and football teams went to the showers in the stadium changing rooms. Kotori had seen Dia sending glances her way, but told herself not to think too much of it. 'Maybe she thinks I'm weird;; not everyone appreciates the flexibility cheerleaders have..'

But it was quite the opposite. Dia was fascinated by the strength that the amber-eyed girl could have. 'If I had to do that,' Dia thought, 'My legs would probably snap into two on the first day, and then I'd be admitted to the hospital. How does she do that? Should I ask her? But.. wouldn't that be weird? Going up to someone and asking, hey, how do you not snap into two halfway into the sky> I'd rather die. Thanks. I guess I'll have to ask her somehow.. I'd never be able to sleep again if I didn't. But how? If I just-' 

Her thoughts were interrupted by the short, orange-haired flyer from μ's, who was running, almost slamming into Dia as she ran back outside. 'Ah! Sorry! You weren't moving, so I didn't see you there. Great job out there, by the way! I'm Rin, from the cheer team. I'm sure Kotori would love to congratulate you-nya! I forgot my bottle outside, so I'm going to get it now. You stink, senpai, so maybe you should hit the showers as well. Ah! Sorry, I'm being rude.' 

The girl, Rin, had rattled her words off at lightning speed, that Dia hadn't even heard half of it. The one word that stuck to her mind like a lightblub, however, was Kotori. 

Before Rin could run off, Dia had stopped her with the words, 'Kotori? Is that the.. captain? With the greyish brown hair?'
'Yep! She's in the showers now, if you want to say hi.' Rin walked around Dia once to read her name on the back of her jersey, and then, 'Kurosawa..senpai? Could you be the Kuro-san that Kotori-chan talks to Umi-chan about all the time? Anyway, if thats the case. I'm sure they would be thrilled to see you. Good luck, senpai! See you later, or back at school!'

Rin had spoken so fast, Dia's brain had a hard time comprehending what she said. After standing there for a few seconds after Rin had left, however, Dia's eyes widened and her face flushed as she realised what had been rattled off. 

Taking some time to calm herself (and her heartbeat), Dia pulled out her phone from her bag and called Ruby, her little sister, to ask 'Where are you, I'm lost, this stadium is huge?' After getting laughed at, she had been told to 'Turn right and follow the signs to the changing rooms, nee-chan!'

Dia followed the signs, which eventually led her to come face to face with the one and only 'Kotori', whose entire body went tense, but noticeably forcing herself to relax and bow respectably as she backed up against the wall to let her senpai through.

Dia felt as though her body was moving on instinct and she had no control as she slammed her arm into the space next to Kotori's face, watching closely as the amber eyes grew larger and the shoulders grew more tense, almost in slow motion.

On