, but thinking back to how he’s still alive and standing, he should live to see another day.

“Where to?” Shinoa asked as she watched Yuu struggle. She had half the mind to help him, but it was way more entertaining watching.

“Head to the West. It’s not hard to miss the grand river beside the castle,” Yuu said as he tried to figure out where he can and cannot step. Eventually, even the dragon was fed up with him and used his tail to give Yuu a hard shove in the right direction.

~ Royal Goose Chase ~

Riding on the back of a dragon wasn’t so bad. At least that’s what he thought until Shinoa commanded the dragon to fly faster and everything became a blur.

Amidst the flight, Yuu didn’t realize he grasped onto Shinoa in fear of falling off until the dragon slowed down. He yelped while letting go, slipped back a little and apologize profusely. Shinoa only rolled her eyes and told him to be vigilant of his surroundings as he was to tell her where to land.

But soon enough, the castle came into sight and the dragon prepared for landing. As they flew lower, Yuu could hear screams of fear as people likely noticed the large dragon literally flying over their heads.

Their arrival was also scared the guards as they were surrounded with soldiers, all pointing their weapons towards them.

“Shi-chan won’t hurt you if you don’t hurt him,” Shinoa announced as she jumped off with grace. This surprised the men as they all whispered to each other, unsure of what to do.

Yuu would have done the same, but he feared that his entrance will be less graceful. But once again, the dragon gave him a shove of the tail and he luckily landed on his feet. A chorus of acknowledgement rang through the small crowd as they mostly recognized him, the loudmouth that demanded the prince’s hand in marriage had he slayed the dragon and saved the princess.

“What is- IS THAT A DRAGON IN MY COURT?”

The soldiers all dropped down to their knee to greet the King and Yuu did the same. Shinoa stood her ground but curtsied when the King looked her way.

“Princess Shinoa Hiragi,” Shinoa said and lifted her head before the King uttered another word, “This is my companion, Shi-chan.”

The dragon let out a huff of air, but it was so strong that it felt more like a strong breeze. The King paled and his attendant’s wig moved, which he quickly readjusted.

“W-what may be your business here today?” the King stuttered out, not stepping closer.

“I can’t hear you,” Shinoa stated loudly as she rested her hands on her hips. This pulled the King out of shock and he snapped his finger.

“The King is telling you to state your business,” the attendant stated in a louder yet shaky voice.

“I am the lost princess that Yuuichirou was tasked to find,” Shinoa stated confidently. Everyone looked her up and down but the King was the one to laugh at the statement.

“Princess? Yuuichirou my boy, you bring here a dirty peasant girl that claims to be a princess?” the King said as he continued to laugh, “I also asked you to slay the dragon, not bring it back!”

“I-”

“Does anyone dare lay a hand on my Shi-chan?” Shinoa said coldly with murder in her eyes. “Many have tried in the past and failed, but Shi-chan is always up for the challenge, isn’t that right?”

The dragon lowered his head and stared at the soldiers, whose legs started quivering as the golden eyes look over them like a hungry beast.

“H-how can you prove that you’re the lost Princess?” the King demanded, but cowered back slightly when the dragon turned his attention to him, “For all I know, you’re a wild dragon tamer and the Princess is long dead!”

“That is indeed a possibility,” Shinoa said and stretched out her arm for the dragon. Everyone, save for Yuu, watched the dragon nuzzle against her torso as she stroked the snout, “But didn’t you want to take the Princess for your own political influence? Having both the knight who slayed the dragon and the lost princess makes your Kingdom appear stronger than it is just with those who facts. However, I can guarantee you that my presence will only work until the Hiragi dismiss any rumours that your kingdom is alliance with them. My family is made up of cold, heartless people who will do anything to get what they want. And if they truly wanted me back,” Shinoa said as she looked at the King with cold, blank eyes, “They would have already come for me.”

“Your Majesty, this girl… She seems to resemble…”

“Mahiru Hiragi. She does indeed look a lot like her sister now that I look at her,” the King said before turning back to Yuu, “You may have brought me the lost Princess, but I have no use