I love you, don’t go, please. They’re…” and with that the video cuts off. Liam knows that Zayn had probably been beaten after the camera was stopped.

He can barely look at anybody. Liam’s eyes are blurry, but he needs to focus on the problem at hand. Zayn is out there somewhere, hurt and alone, and it’s in his power to stop it. He doesn’t care if there is a catch, that they’ll probably kill them both, he has to try.

“I’ll do it.” Liam says, as he hasn’t noticed that the detectives are talking over what they are going to do, how they can track them, and what the best possible procedure will have the best possible outcome.

They talk about the problems with Liam going alone, and while they think it’s probably the best idea to get the people out in the open in order to arrest them, the address that Harry provided them also isn’t the best place to have undercover cops. It’s a field and the nearest place the officers can be on standby where they suspects won’t get spooked and leave is 32 kilometers. That is too far for their liking, but Liam is telling them it doesn’t matter as long as he gets Zayn back.


 twenty hours, three minutes, twenty-nine seconds.


It’s all been set up. Liam will wear a hidden wire and go there alone, as much to the rest of the boys protest. Liam doesn’t care, as long as Zayn will be alive in the end. Liam had shut himself in their bedroom to mentally prepare himself for what he was about to do with his phone buzzed in his pocket.

He pulled it out, seeing that a text message from ‘Zayn’.

Liam unlocked his phone and read the message.

‘You agree to the terms Payne?’

‘Yes’ was all he could think to put.

‘Good, be there at 5 sharp. See you in a couple of hours. Btw, your boyfriend says hi and that he can’t wait to see you.’

Liam’s heart sinks again. Zayn, I’m coming for you.

Liam curls up in Zayn’s side of the bed again, determined to get some rest in before he risks his life in a couple of hours. He silently cries himself to sleep.

tumblr: ziaminmypants


twenty hours, fifty minutes, thirty seconds.


Liam finds himself counting the spots on the ceiling, unable to shut his mind off so he can sleep properly. He fell asleep, only to be woken by a nightmare twenty minutes later. He had found that his cheeks were soaked with tears and he was clenching Zayn’s pillow. The nightmare had not been good. He cringed, not even wanting to think about it for another second, afraid if he did, it would come true.

So instead of trying to coax himself to sleep, he was set to bore his mind in order to see if that would help to keep his mind from wondering back to those disturbing thoughts. All he wanted was a dreamless sleep.

The last thought before he counts four hundred and forty three is that he has a bad feeling about the upcoming events.

twenty-three hours, thirty-nine minutes, six seconds.

He’s got a pounding headache, his eyes are blurry, and when he tries to open them they seem to want to sink back closed. Liam’s sleep was anything but soundless, and anything but dreamless. Again, he woke to the bad feeling, but he pushed it aside, hoping it was just the side effect of the bad dream he had just experienced.

Liam hardly slept well whenever Zayn wasn’t sleeping by him, but with him somewhere else, being tortured. Sleep eluded Liam unless it was enough to give him a reoccurring dream of Zayn and how he was being beaten to death right in front of Liam. And there was nothing Liam could do to help him, nothing because he was restrained by something or someone. He never could figure out what was keeping him from running to Zayn, pushing the guys off of him, and protecting him, but just that it was impossible to help his lover who kept screaming and whimpering his name over and over again. Liam felt more exhausted after waking up then before he went to sleep. He needed Zayn with him; he didn’t think he could function properly if he wasn’t.

Another buzz from his phone brought his back to reality.

‘Be ready.’ Who knew that those two words filled Liam with so much dread?

twenty-four hours, sixteen minutes.

A gentle knock on the door broke Liam from his thoughts. He flinched a little when the door opened to reveal Louis.

“Liam, it’s time.”  He didn’t have to elaborate because Liam knew what he meant. Liam scooted off the bed and headed for the door, Louis patting him on the shoulder softly and giving him a silent encouragement.

Liam gets fitted for his wire, which is discreetly