we get this sorted out. You're not going Sammy. Period."

A hand gripped Dean's wrist and he turned, only to be faced with upturned lips that oozed pleading, coupled with eyes of a bold finality. It was the kind of expression that Dean knew as well as he did anything else. The kind that always meant Sam would do whatever he needed to do, regardless of Dean's input or say so. 

"Dean, please."

Well at least he was asking.

This time Dean twisted his full body around to give Sam his undivided scrutiny. "Why do you have to make this difficult, Sam? Right now, nothing's more important than us figuring out how to get you well―"

"Dean that's what I'm trying to do!" He shook his head and took a breath. "Look, if I don't go, I'm running away. I'm letting this― thing inside my head win. I've gotta prove to you, to me, that I'm still capable of doing the job. Please Dean, just trust me." 

And Dean didn't trust Sam. He didn't trust Sam like he didn't trust good fortune. Exceptionally well.

But he understood what it felt like to need to prove your capabilities to someone. He also understood that if he said no, Sam would get out of the car and walk the remaining forty miles to the job. So he opted for the lesser of the two evils.

"I swear Sam, if something happens-― fucking house arrest."

Sam smiled that stupid, winning smile of his. "Thanks, Dean. Really."

"Yeah, whatever."

Dean cranked the radio loud enough to make the ground quake beneath them as they skated across the darkening horizon to what he considered, a dangerous gamble on both their parts. But dammit, if he was driving him and his brother off a cliff, he was at least going to do it to a deafening loop of Zeppelin's finest.

 

 

 

 

"Mercury."

"What?"

Dean reached into the open trunk and pulled out a couple of salt loaded shotguns, handed one to Sam and slammed the metal hatch shut.

"Mercury-- Hydrargyria or whatever." he repeated, rolling his shoulders and cocking the metal in his hands. "Mercury poisoning anyway. Don't forget your mask."

"Wait... What?"

A sideways glance. "I thought you were reading up on this on the way here, Sam."

"Uh, sorry. Forgot." He shrugged, half apologetically, half in an attempt to throw his brother off the "your mental state is fucked, this is a horrible idea" train with blatant nonchalantness. And by the slight narrow of his eyes, Sam could tell he was skating oh so close to that train. But Dean just shook his head and humored the poor boy.

"The community's water supply's not too far from here. Even closer than that, a chemical testing facility."

Sam made a face. "That's―"

"Ass backwards. Yeah. It was established like two centuries ago, which would of course mean―"

"A historical site. It can't be torn down."

"Exactly."

Sam paused. "Well then why build a water reservoir right next to it?"

"Right behind it is a river; only source of water large enough in town to act as a reserve. Thing is, nobody was actually worrying about the facility to begin with. Damn thing hadn't been used in decades. All that research and equipment was just sitting there, collecting dust."

"Until?" Sam asked, because he knew there was always an until waiting to follow.

"Until a chemical leak broke out and bled into the water supply. Mercury: Colorless. Odorless. Tasteless. And above all,"

"Deadly."

"Bingo. Authorities were quick to react to the contamination when the chemical sensors in the town's water filter went haywire. They sent out an immediate alert and a mandatory shutdown of all water pumps was enacted."

"So then this house..?"

"Missed that memo. The only house in the area still using a wooden pump system for water. Mom brewed herself a nice cup of Mercury tea. Went batshit and ganked her whole family, then herself."

"Ah, so typical case?" Pathetic attempt at a joke, Sam knew. But it was enough to get a small smirk from his brother, even if it was a bitter one. And Dean needed something to laugh at.

This was a bad idea. Like, sex with that hooker back in Oakland of 07' bad. Why were they here again? To test at the boundaries of Sam's sanity? To kick the cage? Stupid. And Dean knew that. Just because Sam could snap back into normal almost as quickly as he'd left it, didn't mean the wall between strapping young lad and drooling vegetable wasn't crumbling under his nose. He knew that, and yet they were here.

Fuck.

Dean wrapped the strap of his