for daddy?" Zayn wiggled the keys.

"Yes, I will drive for daddy." Niall jumped to reach the keys, took it from Zayn, and ran like a child towards the black Ferrari.

Zayn couldn't help but to laugh and grin wide since he finds Niall's childishness so cute. He really is his baby and he admits that he loves being his daddy. The thought of Niall having another sugar daddy makes his blood boils and he feels like he's ready to kill that someone even if it means defying the laws and going to jail after.

He followed Niall, who was already sitting on the driver's seat and had his seat belt on. Zayn sat next to his baby and put his seat belt on, too.

"Are eady, daddy?" Niall grinned and Zayn just nodded.

Niall switched the engine on, bringing the Ferrari to life. He pressed on his pedal and went off. "So where are we going, baby?"

"Nothing specific, daddy. Just around the place." Niall gave Zayn a full smile and Zayn can't help to bite his lip because he wanted to kiss Niall's lips but he decided to continue looking at the smile since whenever his baby is happy he's happy as well.

They were going around the place for a while now, Niall being amused every lap. Zayn thought Niall was going for another lap but then they went to something private, with no sign of people around. Then, Niall just parked at the side.

Zayn looked stunned. What could be his baby thinking?

Niall faced him, straddling towards his lap, and giving him a kiss. Niall pulled off, "Thank you, daddy." And that broke Zayn's restraint, he cupped Niall's face with his two hands and pressed his lips against Niall's, both of them getting lost into each other. Soon enough, they began using their tongue, tasting each other.

Zayn detached his lips from Niall's and moved on to his necks, sucking and biting every single spot he knows that is visible to the public since he wanted to let everyone know that Niall is his and no one could take him away from him. Niall let out a soft moan and bit his lip. At the same time, Zayn's hands worked up on removing Niall's top, leaving him shirtless. His fingers started brushing against Niall's nipples, pinching them lightly and rubbing it after. Zayn lowered his head to move on to Niall's nipples he licked them alternatively. "Daddy....suck my nipples."

Zayn didn't hesitate so he oblige to his baby's request, sucking them as if milk was going to come out. Niall moaned. "Shhhh, quiet, baby."

Then, it was Niall's turn to cup Zayn's face and give him a long kiss. When they pulled out, they were breathless. "Should we go at the back?"

Niall nodded and the two went to the back of the Ferrari. Niall was on his boxers and Zayn was still fully dressed. "Undress me, baby." The blonde boy obeyed slowly taking Zayn's shirt off. He paused for a bit, admiring the view. He's so damn lucky to have Zayn as his lifetime partner. He got the personality, the looks and he could say the money is just bonus.

He cupped Zayn's crotch, trailing his fingers slowly whilst tracing the bulge that was outlined by the fabric making it grew harder as the seconds pass by. He gave into the temptation, unzipping Zayn's pants and dragging them off him, now leaving them both with their boxers.

"Good boy." Zayn said when Niall removed his pants. "Lay down for daddy." Niall obediently lay down. Zayn eyed him hungrily, like he was ready to devour him as a whole. He removed Niall's boxers, leaving Niall naked.

"Suck them." Zayn ordered, placing his index and middle finger in front of Niall's mouth. Niall sucked it even going as far as sucking the whole fingers. He ran his tongue along the fingers and when he pulls out he purposely let out a popping sound.

Zayn then inserted the wet fingers inside Niall's hole making Niall moan at the sudden entrance. He slowly moved them in and out, going faster at each time. He then moved them in circular motion, and scissored him.

Niall was gasping, trying to catch his breath. "D-daddy....fuck me now please!" He accidentally screamed in frustration.

Zayn removed his fingers from Niall's hole. Niall shuddered at the lost contact. He faced Niall, shaking his head. "My...my...Didn't I tell you to stay quiet? What a bad and slutty boy you are."

Niall whimpered.

"Since I don't have any condom right now and you're being a very bad boy. You'll have to take me raw." Zayn grinned, removing his boxers revealing his glory. In a swift move, he's persistently forcing his way