if she needed anything, but right now with the boys was where he needed to be.

The pea green room and uncomfortable orange furniture didn't provide much for six little boys to do, so Arthur, along with Emmaline Vance and Dorcas Meadows, spent a good portion of the day sitting on the floor playing games with them. Emma had proven herself to be a fair hand at transfiguration, transfiguring some of the months old magazines littering the room into a model castle, some miniature wizards and model dragons and manticores for Billy and Charlie to play with. Charlie had, of course, immediately swooped up the dragons, flying them about the castle to protect it from Billy's attacking manticores. The twins watched in interest as their older brothers played, cheering them on and clapping with amusement, until one of them reached out and tried to take a model toy from one of their older brothers. At which point it nearly all dissolved into tears and protests of 'he took my dragon' and 'he wasn't sharing', had Benjy Fenwick not arrived when he did, winking at them and sweeping the twins into his arms and spinning them about. Arthur was pretty certain Molly'd have his bits, if not Benjy's as well, if she ever found out that his best trick for keeping a set of rambunctious twins happy was levitating them in the air and whizzing them about the room.

Come to think of it, the Healer who just came in didn't seem to appreciate it too much either. Waving at Benjy to set the boys down, Arthur turned back to the young woman. "How is Molly doing?"

"Your wife is doing quite well, as is the little one." The Healer smiled as she delivered the happy news. "Congratulations, it's a girl."

He could hear Dorcas covering her snort of amusement with a cough as he automatically starting shaking his head. "You've got the wrong person."

"Mr. Weasley?" She asked, confused.

"Yes I am, but you've got the wrong family. We're having a little boy." He nodded emphatically as if to prove his point.

"Mr. Weasley, I assure you that I have the right person. Your wife gave birth to a little girl." She paused then proceeded carefully. "We do suggest that parents-to-be have their healer perform the spells to determine the baby's gender prior to birth, to help avoid... circumstances such as this."

"There was no need to," Arthur replied weakly. "We always have little boys, it's a family trait."

"Sir, it is a girl, there's no mistake there."

"But... but-" sitting down roughly on one of the uncomfortable orange chairs, Arthur tried his hardest to fathom the fact that he and Molly had a little girl. "But, we don't have a name for a girl. It was supposed to be a boy and we were going to name him Gifford for Molly's Great-Uncle." He gave the healer a bewildered look, "Now what are we going to name the baby?"

With a smile, she patted him on the shoulder and helped him out of the chair. "I'm sure that you and Mrs. Weasley can come up with something. Why don't you come with me to see her and your baby girl now, so you two can decide?"

"Of course," he said in a still somewhat dazed voice, following her out the door. "Talk with Molly. But we don't know anything about having little girls." He could be heard mumbling as the door shut behind them. "We know how to have boys, not girls."

It wasn't until it was time for Molly and Ginny, their newest addition who's full name was Ginevra for Arthur's Great Aunt, to return to the Burrow that Arthur had come to fully comprehend that he had a daughter. He kept expecting to find out that either Black or Potter was taking the piss at him, and that little Ginny was really little Gifford. But as it came time to go home, other things had become more important than practical jokes. Such as how to get their brood home safely considering the threat that anyone who opposed the Dark Lord was under. The hospital had been kind enough to let all of them stay there until Molly and the baby could safely return home, but now it was a question of how to get a recuperating mother and seven small children out of the hospital without an attack. He had spoken with several Order members, Alastor volunteering to secure the Burrow on the day they left with the help of Lupin and Black, to ensure that they weren't coming home to a trap. Other Order members would escort them home, to hopefully fend off an attack on the way. Still, with five adults protecting seven children, Arthur wasn't entirely comfortable and wouldn't be until they reached the Burrow.

Albus arrived as they were preparing to leave, smiling in that almost irritatingly benevolent way of his