it’s 8:30 and the movie has jusy begun, I’ll do it.” Scott barks out a laugh and disappears into the kitchen. The banter didn’t help with the situation he had going on in his pants but he was doing his best to cover it up. Maybe it’ll go away and he wouldn’t have to worry for the rest of the night. Then again, he can only hope.

Scott comes back minutes later with a tray full of brownies and a container of chocolate frosting. Isaac pulls a brownie out for himself and slathers it with the frosting. It would have been better to put the frosting on before cutting and eating the brownies but neither boy could be bothered to do that.

Isaac takes a bite and practically moans. “Jesus Christ this is fantastic. You’re not so bad at baking after all McCall.” Scott only smiles at him, mouth full of the chocolate dessert before looking back at the television.

Twenty minutes later and a pan full of brownie crumbs, the two guys fully engross themselves into the movie. So far, the main character has already little sexuality debacle with himself and was now on his way to his way to lovers(is that the proper term?) house. There was no dialogue and the music playing in the background was really intense and gradually matured as he finally kisses the other guy. The kissing turned more passionate and hot as they began to undress each other. The familiar feeling in Isaac’s groin surfaced again and he curses himself for not choosing The Avengers or something action-y.

"Hey Isaac?" Scott says in a whisper from his side of the couch.

Isaac turns and looks at Scott.	"What's up?"

“Have you, you don’t have to answer this if you don’t want to but, have you ever thought of-“ Isaac doesn’t even need to look at Scott to know that he was blushing. Now the two guys were still kissing but the one of them begins to kiss the other’s neck then proceeds to go south on the other guys body.

“Thought of doing that? Sometimes yeah. Feels really nice actually. Have you?"

“Yeah. You’ve done that before?” Scott looks so curious that Isaac just kind of wants to kiss his curiousity off his, if that was even possible.

“A few times actually, with this guy from my old school. His name was Edward and I would go over to his house when my Dad wasn’t home and we would, well, do stuff.” Isaac remembers almost everything they did before he moved. Edward taught him how to give a hand job well and what to do and what not to do when you’re giving head. They’ve fucked quite a few times as well, something that Isaac quite enjoyed doing, even if he was the one getting fucked most of the time. It was something about the way Edward would pin his wrist to the bed and move his hips into Issac just enough to have him writhing and moaning under his control that sent Isaac over the edge.

“How.. Was it like? Like, was it hard to learn?” The two guys on the screen were still going at it and Isaac could do nothing to hide his erection anymore. He moved his legs so Scott wasn’t in full view of it.

“At first, but anyone can catch on quick I mean. Just do whatever you like to do to yourself to whoever you’re pleasuring and they’ll surely like it as much as you do too.” Isaac was now staring at Scott and couldn’t help but notice the erection he was sporting in his own pants. “You know,” he says, scooting closer to the other boy, “Like I said before, it is quite hard at first but once you get the gist of it, it feels so amazing. Never a time was I that hard as I was whenever we hooked up.” Isaac doesn't know if he wants to laugh or not because Scott's there and he's really fucking doing this.

Scott shifts in his place but doesn’t do anything to move away from Isaac. He moves closer so that he’s inches away from Scott’s ear. “When a guy handles you in such a way, the only thing running through your mind is how fucking good it feels. How his hand feels wrapped around your cock, or even better, his mouth, sucking you so good that your orgasm practically rips out of you.” Scott lets out a soft moan and turns his head so that he’s inches away from his lips. Issac can’t even fathom how hot Scott looks right now, the way his pink lips are parted just a little, his soft brown eyes looking dazed with arousal. Isaac wants, no, needs Scott right now.

“Tell me more.” He breathes out, Isaac places a cautious hand on Scott’s thigh, running it up so that the fabric rides. He smirks when Scott does nothing to stop it. He runs a