YOUR SHIT!”

 What?

 “Lev, are you okay?”

 “YOU STILL THINK I’M FINE, WALKING THE STREETS ON MY WAY BACK HOME?!”

 “Explain…”

 “I TESTED YOU TO SEE HOW MUCH YOU CARED ABOUT ME AND YOU FAILED MISERABLY YAKU-SAN!”

 “I care about you but…I know you’re not dying, I’m sure in this, so why are you making such a big display of this?”

 “HOW CAN YOU BE SURE I’M OKAY!”

 “Lev, look, I already told you that if you ware dying you wouldn’t be able to type so much! I mean, it’s damn obvious! Get a grip!”

 A series of crying emojis followed and Yaku was sure Lev wasn’t dying anymore. A few crying stickers later he couldn't help him self.

 “Lev, are you okay?” he typed and sent the message, “I feel sorry now, okay”

 “YAKU-SAN DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ME!”

 Another sad looking sticker puppy later.

 “Lev, stop, you’re acting like an idiot.”

 A few more crying stickers later.
 “Lev, come on, please, I’m sorry, I just know you’re okay!”

 “LIAR!”

 “Are you seriously mad!”

 “NOOOOO!! WHY DO YOU THINK SO, HUH! OH, I GET IT, BECAUSE YOU KNOW EVERYTHING!”

 “I…Lev, I’m sorry, look, I just…”

 Yaku was in a loss of words. How could this be happening, was Lev really mad?

 “FUCK YOU AND THAT DAMN TEMPER OF YOURS!”

 This was it!

 “Okay…you obviously need some time to cool off?”

 “AND YOU NEED SOME MORE TIME TO START THINKING ABOUT ME!”

 Oh, so he wasn’t thinking about him now?!

 “I AM THINKING ABOUT YOU! Okay this is getting out of hand, what’s wrong with you!”

 “You’re the worst Yaku-san”

 “No, you’re the worst, because you make me feel guilty without even knowing what for!”

 “You though I was joking when there was a possible chance I might be dying”

 “I’m telling you if you ware dying you wouldn’t be able to text so much!”

 “Have you ever heard of slow death, Yaku-san? You lay there between your seat and the plane’s top, a sharp thing piercing into your shoulder or hip as you loose more and more blood…Have you heard huh? NO! You haven’t!”

 Yaku was about to right back something…when another text came.

 “Come on, you read enough horror books.”

 “Well…yes, but…c’mon, Lev, if something was really up I would react in a different matter! Come on, are you really this easy to real up! This is getting ridiculous!”

 “How can you be so sure?”

 Yaku sighted in annoyance and typed an equally annoyed emoji before writing:

 “I am sorry.”

 A few second later:

 “Explain.”

 “I’m not explaining anything! Seriously, I say that I’m glad you are okay and in the next minute you’re typing me a death note! Isn’t it obvious, and the damn plane was just landing, what kind of a crash could happen about which I wouldn’t have heard about now!?”

 “Rumors don’t spread that fast you know?”

 “Plane crashes Lev! Think again.”

 “Yeah!!!!!! Fucking antisocial shit!!!!”

 Yaku stared at the screen for a good minute, debating weather to type back and if yes, what could he say, because no emoji could show how pissed he was right now. Should he call Lev? It would be better if that giant tree that was only bone and flesh could actually hear how mad he was, how utterly pissed he made him with this child-like behavior of his. Just as he was about to reach for his phone, the texts from Lev started to rain down on him like a storm of apologies.

 “Fuck!!!”

 “Yaku-san, sorry!!!”

 “Sorry”

 “sorry”

 “sorry!”

 “I went overboard!”

 “Sorry!”

 “Forgive me please!”

 Yaku had to take a deep breath to calm down. His fingers ware shaking in anticipation as he typed back a replay.

 “Lev, what got into you back there?”

 “Sorry Yaku-san! I was a bit bored and I wanted to test how much you cared about me and the two things kind of combined…”

 *Lev has disconnected*

 Yaku took another deep breath and actually laughed. He ran a hand through his short hair and took his phone from the table, dialing Lev’s number quickly and waiting for him to pick up. This had to become a soap opera or a rom-com. Yeah, something totally cheesy, because ever since Yaku moved in with that giant idiot, his life seamed a lot more like in a rom-com. And that really got him angry, because he detested rom-