Thankfully, the pilot seems to know exactly where to land, and they set down effortlessly in a lush field at the edge of a grand city.

Poe patiently helps Finn back into his chair and down the ramp.

“Just – I’ll be right back, okay? Hang tight,” he tells Finn as he locks up their ship and jogs over to a small patch of trees a couple dozen meters away from their location. There’s a silhouette ahead, waiting, but Finn can’t make out anything specific about who they might be.

It’s night on this planet too, or something close to a late dusk. Finn wonders what the planet’s name is as he watches a few tiny ships fly in and out of the distant glowing city that seems perched on the edge of a waterfall. He mindlessly rubs the left sleeve of his jacket between his fingers as he waits.

He’s nearly asleep again by the time Poe returns, and he shakes his head a bit to wake himself up.

“We’re clear,” Poe huffs out excitedly as he jogs back, nearly out of breath.

“Clear for what?”

Poe laughs to himself. “You’ll see.”

As he’s wheeled away from the city and into a thicket of trees, Finn catches a glimpse of a tall, pale creature with long drawn-back ears and segmented eyes watching them from the shadows of where he had, as Finn assumes, met Poe.

“Was that who you were talking to? Who is that?” he asks, leaning back to look up at the pilot as they make their way deeper into the wood.

“Mmmm,” he gets in reply.

“Listen, Dameron,” Finn begins, edging on annoyance, “I appreciate surprises. I mean, I probably do. But we barely know each other, and –“

“Mmmm,” Poe agrees, teasingly cutting him off. “That’s true. Been a damn shame you’ve been sleeping for so long. Valuable getting-to-know-each-other time, just wasted.”

Finn scowls. “So –“

“Do you trust me, Finn?” Poe’s voice is softer now, less playful.

He takes a minute to think about it before he replies. “Yeah. Yeah, I guess I trust you more than almost anyone, actually.” It’s a comforting realization, and he feels some of the tension slip from his muscles.

“Good.”

Finn fidgets slightly as Poe leads him deeper into the woods, and he kneads the muscles of each thigh to work out the numbness that sometimes creeps into them. After what seems like a minor eternity, the trees part on either side of them, opening up to a small natural spring. The water is off-pink in a way that Finn has trouble focusing on, like the color shifts before he can find the word for the shade. A thin ring of light blue sand surrounds the spring, and above the sand sits a light layer of mist.

Poe stops, and Finn can practically feel him vibrating with excitement.

“We made it.”

“Poe, what –“ Finn begins, not sure what he wants to ask.

The pilot steps in front of Finn and reaches out his hand, helping him stand steady with a crutch under each arm. When Poe can tell Finn has found his balance, he begins to undress, throwing his dark brown leather jacket into the grass and unzipping his pants, letting them fall as he steps out of them.

He’s down to his boxer-briefs when he finally turns back to Finn, who is trying and failing to hide the blush of his cheeks.

“I probably should’ve made sure you wear underwear before this point,” Poe begins, “but you can use mine if you don’t have any. Do you need help? With the crutches, I mean.”

Finn blinks, slowly, his incredulity clear.

Poe smiles. “You said you trust me, Finn.”

“I did say that, didn’t I.” He sighs. “Alright, help me with this.”

Finn steadies himself with a hand on Poe’s shoulder as he undresses down to his Resistance-issued grey briefs, pausing occasionally to throw a teasing glare Poe’s way.

And then they’re both standing there, in the dark, in their underwear, not another soul for miles in any direction. Finn wants to be annoyed but can’t find the resolve within himself to follow through on it. Poe promised him an adventure, after all, and this sure beats feeling badly about himself in the medcenter.

The two hobble over to the edge of the spring, with Finn leaning most of his weight on Dameron’s arm wrapped around his waist. His feet sink in the surprisingly warm sand and he practically moans at how nice it feels.

“Ready?”

Finn looks over at Poe and tries to ignore the fluttering in his chest at the closeness of their faces. “For…?”

Poe leans forward, dipping his foot into the shallow water. Finn watches in amazement as the water around