t worry about it.  For the most part, there was little love lost between me and the others."  He grimaced.  "Or for that matter, between most of the Seiryuu seishi."

Hotohori was about to respond when Chichiri appeared beside them.

Chuin smiled in greeting.  "Chichiri-san, it's good to see you again."

Chichiri acknowledged him with a nod, then removed his mask, causing Chuin's eyes to widen.  "Hotohori-sama, Chuin-san.  We should go to Suzaku’s temple."  He turned to Chuin.  "You are welcome to join us, though you cannot enter.  Your earlier advice was valuable, and I would not exclude you now."  Chuin nodded, and the three set off for the temple.  Chuin waited on the steps outside while the others went in.  Chichiri stopped just inside the temple doors and pulled out a small, elaborate mirror.  Hotohori could sense its power, even in a place suffused with his god's chi.  "This is Byakko's Shinzaho.  Byakko seishi Tatara gave it to Miaka in Sairo.  Miboshi appeared and tried to wrest it from us, but we defeated him, and I brought us a safe distance away from the remaining Seiryuu seishi.  I thought it best to bring the Shinzaho here, since Seiryuu's people cannot enter the temple.  But we don't have much time; each side now has one Shinzaho, and whoever is the first to obtain both will be the one to summon their god.  I don't doubt that Nakago will try anything to get ours."  He looked over at Chuin, who nodded in confirmation.

"What can we do to get the other Shinzaho?  It's not enough to simply keep this one out of their grasp, and even if it were, we couldn't keep it away from them forever."

Chichiri shook his head.  "The only Seiryuu seishi opposing us at this point are Suboshi, Soi, and Nakago.  Suboshi or even Soi we could deal with, but Nakago keeps the Shinzaho around his neck with a chi barrier up at all times.  That would make it difficult to get at in any event, but the moment he senses Suzaku chi -- which we would have to use to lower the barrier -- he'll be on his guard, making it next to impossible.  I've been trying to think of a solution, but I have to admit I don't see a ready answer."

"Excuse me."  The Suzaku seishi turned to look at the Seiryuu standing on the doorstep of their temple.  "There is another way.  Your chi would put him on his guard, but not mine.  It resonates so closely with his own that it's difficult to for him detect.  He can, but if he were asleep, I could catch him off-guard."

"What do you propose, Chuin-san?"  Chichiri asked.

"My seishi power is the power of illusion.  I can craft a dream he'll never wake from, not until I choose to let him."

"What you're proposing is very risky, Chuin-san.  Are you truly powerful enough to chi-bind Nakago?"

Chuin smiled at Chichiri.  "In a fair fight he'd kill me in a flat second.  But with the right kind of dream, he'll never even recognize it for what it is.  I can create a dream that feeds off his own subconscious, showing him whatever he most desires to see.  Since this is doubtlessly something no one else knows about, something he keeps in the deepest corners of his own heart, he'll never suspect it could be anyone else's doing.  It would easily lower his guard, and thereby the chi barrier."

Hotohori raised an eyebrow in silent appreciation of Chuin's idea.  "So then Chichiri just teleports in, takes the Shinzaho, and teleports back out?"

Chuin frowned.  "I wouldn't recommend doing it that way.  Even in the deepest illusion I could put him in, sensing active Suzaku chi could set off alarms in his mind strong enough to wake him.  As Chichiri said, it's a risky proposition, and I'm nowhere near as powerful as he is."

"So what would you suggest, then?"

"Better for someone to go in physically, without using any magic whatsoever.  Neither Soi nor Suboshi is trained to detect passive chi, and I plan to give Soi a dream, too, since she'll probably be with Nakago.  Nakago could normally detect passive chi, but the dream should be sufficient to block it.  Even if he feels it, the call of his heart's deepest desire will be strong, and he will be reluctant to leave his dream."

Hotohori turned to Chichiri.  "Tasuki used to be a bandit, so he should be able to handle such a mission."

"Hopefully so.  I'll ask him.  But there will be guards..."

Chuin grinned.  "Oh, guards aren't a problem!  I can give Tasuki an illusion of silent invisibility.  He can walk straight in if he