he was the biggest zayn has ever had. Liam was a good 9 inches in girth but he was also thick but not too thick, did I mention Liam was uncircumcised? 

Zayn took one of his hands and stroked Liam slowly as he kitten licked Liam's tip before taking Liam down as much as he could while he stroked the rest. And fuck did it feel good to Liam. It wasn't long before Liam was letting out deep raspy moans mixed with a string of curse words. Fuck zayn's mouth felt amazing, so warm so inviting and fuck if Liam thought it couldn't get better zayn had managed to take him all the way with minimal gagging. Zayn was bobbing his head quickly as he reached up to fondle Liam's balls and if that wasn't bringing Liam to to edge, zayn looking up at him with innocence in his eyes would. Zayn could feel Liam's cock pulsing in his mouth but Zayn wasn't letting up anytime soon. This is what he wanted, he wanted to taste Liam's spunk, he's never swallowed before but today he wanted to swallow all of Liam. "Fuck zayn, babe I'm gonna cum." Liam's moans were getting louder and he was starting to sweat but before you knew it, Liam was filling zayn's mouth with his spunk. Zayn choked a bit but he took it all without hesitating one bit. 

After a few seconds of gathering himself from that mind blowing blow job, Liam stood zayn up and turned zayn around having him face the mic. One thing led to another and zayn's clothes were off onto the floor revealing zayn's tattooed small body, Liam then turned him around wanting to see his face as he ravished zayn. Liam picked zayn up and started kissing him all over, paying special attention to zayn's spot behind his ear. Every inch of skin Liam touched it burned, it burned with desire, want and need for Liam. Zayn couldn't contain himself, Liam was doing things and touching places zayn has never touched. Zayn wanted Liam now and not a second longer. All of zayn's sense of self control disappeared when Liam kissed those oh so special spots that made him gasp and moan in pleasure. It's been awhile since he has been touched like this, touched like he should be, touched by a man who knows what he needs and was willing to give it to him. Zayn was ready, ready to give his body to Liam, ready to let Liam do whatever he wanted to him as long as he kept giving the pleasure he so badly needed. Was he crazy? No he wasn't crazy he just needed to feel a real man inside him fucking up into next century. "Wai-mmm wait Liam condom? Do you have one?" Liam quickly grabbed one out of his pocket and rolled it on slowly after he put zayn back down. He picked zayn back up and position zayn over his throbbing cock. At this point zayn didn't care about prep, he'd let Liam rearrange his insides if he could. He needed to feel Liam and didn't want to wait a second longer.

Liam slowly lowered zayn down on to his cock, it took all of Liam to not lose all control and pound zayn tight arse. If zayn thought Liam was big before he could definitely feel every inch of Liam splitting him wide open, it was a mix of pain and pleasure. They stayed liked that until zayn kissed Liam's neck signaling him to go ahead. 

Liam bounced zayn on his cock, sounds of both their gasps and moans filling the room mixed with the slapping for both their sweaty skin. "Oh, fuck Liam faster!" Zayn gasped out as he cradled Liam's buzzed head, bringing his face closer to his neck. They both were so lost in each other and so deep in ecstasy. Zayn gave his body to Liam, he let Liam do whatever he wanted. Zayn's moans got even louder once Liam nudged those oh so beautiful bundle of nerves making his body go weak and shake in complete bliss. "Shit babe right there don't stop!" And Liam wasn't going to, zayn felt amazing to him. Zayn was the best sex Liam has ever had. He couldn't get enough. 

A few more nudges to Zayn's prostate and zayn was cumming on him and Liam untouched. Nobody has ever made zayn cum untouched until Liam. Nobody has ever gave him this much pleasure. It wasn't long until Liam was cumming again inside his condom. 

They both sat there in breathing heavy covered in sweat trying to gather themselves from the mind blowing sex they just had. They sat there in silence until one finally spoke. "I'll sing the way you want me to." Zayn chuckled as Liam still held him. 

 

So zayn did sing it. He sung it exactly how Liam wanted it to be sung. But what Liam didn't know was that, the argument and sex was caught all on the song. Which gave him this brilliant