as the girl shuffled nervously in her spot before making a show of turning the device off. He told the girl sorry and watch her run off. Zayn gave Harry a smug I- told- you- so look and he stuck his tongue out. When they turned onto one of the isles Harry looked around before holding the camera back up to his face. Zayn chuckled when he turned around.

"Did you even turn it off?"

Harry laughed and shook his head. "I did not. I've got me being rejected of my camera rights on tape."

"That nervous, nice, store clerk told you to turn it off, why would you disobey Harry?" Zayn joked, but with a bit of serious tone.

"Because," Harry said with a tone saying he was going to prove a point. "She was so checking you out."

Zayn turned to his husband with big eyes. "What are you talking about?"

Harry grabbed a bag of coffee beans to put in the basket hanging of the inside of his elbow. He snorted. "It was quite obvious to see that she was a fan Zayn."

"Really? I couldn't see it."

"You never see it. You're an amazing person but you never understand what other people see in you."

Zayn carefully put a bag of sugar in his shopping cart and walked over to Harry who was staring at him intently. "I don't care what other people see in me."

"Why not?" Harry asked confused. Zayn was directly in front of him now. Harry had already set the shopping basket down on the floor and the video camera on the shelf to get a shot of what is happening. He put his hands on Zayn's waist.

"Because I'm always to busy looking at you to notice." Zayn said. Harry awed and brought Zayn in for a kiss. Harry opened his eyes and peered behind Zayn's back and smiled. "There's fans behind us." He whispered on his lips.

"Really?" Zayn said beginning to pull away, but Harry brought him closer to kiss him and dipped him instead.

**

"Are you going to help me, Harry?" Zayn asked, referring to the bags of grocery in the backseat. Harry bit at the side of his mouth thoughtfully. He looked at the bags then to the camera still turned on in his hands, then finally up to Zayn with a tiny smile.

"I think you got it this time sweetheart." He said. Zayn scoffed, unbuckled his seat belt, opened the door and slammed it shut behind him when he got out. Harry quickly did the same, noticing the change in Zayn's mood, and went to the back door on the passenger side of the car.

"You know what? I think I will take some." Harry grabbed all the bags closest to him and fit them onto his free hand. He straightened up when Zayn closed the other door and saw him standing with a few bags in his hands. Both less than what Harry has in his one hand. Harry watched his fiance practically skip around the car to him with a smug smile, stand on his tip toes, then grabbed his cheek and say: "Thank you, Baby. That was very kind of you."  Zayn patted his cheek. Harry felt the plastic tapping at his face as well, before they both walked from the driveway to the house and inside.

"You guys need to stop kissing in public!" Louis shouted as they were toeing off their shoes. He bounded up to them seconds later, Niall in tow.

"Why?" Harry asked. He remembered the camera in his hand, pushed play and held it up at the two.

"It's all over the internet." Niall said but with a questioning brow at Harry's actions.

"Already?"

"Yep." 

"What do you think, Zayn?" Harry turned the camera in Zayn's direction who was waking toward the kitchen, everyone else followed. Zayn turned a head back and rolled his eyes at the camera before continuing the short walk.

"I think I will kiss you anywhere I bloody want."

"You here that?" Harry turned the camera toward his face. "Zayn says he's going to kiss me anywhere he wants." Harry wiggled his eyebrows. He turned towards Zayn, but was only met with a pack of marshmallows, that slapped his face.

"Not like that you pervert!" Zayn shouted, Niall and Louis giggle in the background.

**

After dinner, Louis and Niall returned to their respective guest rooms while Zayn and Harry sat in their kitchen. They were at the kitchen, sitting across from each other at the island. A bowl of fruit in between them. They were just talking. Talking about anything and everything. Well, not everything. They were both aware of the steady red light from camera sitting on the side pointed towards them, but other than that, they were just talking. A thing they both loved about each other. The couple adored the fact that even with both of their busy schedule