.

Sam could already feel himself slipping a little, as the boys arranged the chairs, draping the huge sheets over them.  He struggled a little, with one of the clothespins, and Castiel was right there beside him.  “Let me help, Sammy, sweetheart.”  Castiel gave him a squeeze, and took the clothespin from his hand.  

“Thanks, Cas.”  Sam's voice was quiet.  Honestly, he was kind of tired of building the fort, and just wanted to be inside it.  He'd never been inside a fort in his life, unless you counted hiding out in the corners of closets while John raged on the other side of the door – which Sam most definitely did not.

Sam watched with a little jealousy as Dean and Jimmy moved the toys into the fort.  From somewhere, Jimmy had managed to materialize a couple of strings of fairy lights, and from the outside, their fort glowed through the sheets.

Sam wanted to be in there, and he wanted to be in there right now.

Some of Sam's longing must have shown in his face.  Sam felt Castiel take his hand.  “How about a bath, sweetheart?  And then we can play in the fort.”

Sam shook his head, his lower lip coming out in a pout.  “Don't wanna.”

Dean gave him an odd sort of look, emerging from the fort and standing.  Jimmy whispered into Dean's ear.

“Sammy, darling, come on.  Into the bath, and then we'll play.  Maybe you can share some of your toys with Dean, hmm?”  Castiel wheedled.

Sam blinked, and his eyes lit on his brother.  He thought it was a little strange, that De was shorter than he was, when he'd spent his life looking up at him.  He let it go, though.

Sam was filled with the desire to share.  He'd never had anything to share before, and he wanted to show De all of the cool toys he had, and show him how good he could colour, and...  “De, bath, please?”  Sam thought of his little boat toy.  De needed to see it.

“Yeah, Sammy.  Bath.”  Dean smiled a crooked sort of smile at Sam, as Sam rushed to him, taking his hand and pulling him towards the bathroom.  The twins trailed behind.

Once inside the spacious room, Sam began to pull at his shirt in frustration, trying to get it off.  Castiel, as always, was there to help Sam remove his 'big' clothes, as Jimmy ran the bath, with lots of bubbles.

Dean stripped, too, looking a little uncertain.

“De, help?”  Sam asked, moving to the edge of the tub.

“I gotcha.”  Dean helped Sam to step carefully into the tub.  And then he made the mistake of letting Sam go, who promptly, deliberately dropped like a stone into the tub, landing on his butt with a whoop of joy.

Bubbles and water went everywhere.  Jimmy, who had been closest, got the worst of it, and spit water and soap out of his mouth, pushing his sopping hair back off his face.  Castiel was soaked from the knees down, and a huge pool of water was spreading across the bathroom floor.

Dean lowered himself to sit in the tub, where Sam was still giggling.  He tried to keep the smile off his face, but didn't entirely succeed.  Sam gave Dean a brilliant grin, and turned to Jimmy.  “Bath, Jimmy?”  He was all innocent smiles and mischievousness.

“Apparently.”  Jimmy grumped, drying his hair with a towel Castiel had brought him.  Castiel laid towels across the floor, to stop the spread of the water.

Sam looked around with growing distress... the bath toys were nowhere to be found.  He needed his toy boat!  His lower lip trembled.  Just then, Castiel turned towards him with the bag of bath toys, as Jimmy finished refilling the tub.

Sam made grabby hands towards the bag, and Castiel upended it into the water, between the two boys.  Sam immediately spotted his little boat, and grabbed it, showing it to Dean.  “De, boat, watch!!”  Sam placed it carefully on the water, watching it bob amongst the bubbles for a moment, before looking up at his brother with a huge smile.

Dean looked a little upset, and a little confused.  He sat still, not reaching for any of the toys.

Jimmy, still sopping wet, knelt beside the tub, near Dean.  “Dean, hey, look...”  Jimmy's voice was soft, and he picked up a dolphin toy from amongst the clump of them.  He turned a small bit of plastic, and it lit up, and when Jimmy placed it back in the water, it began to swim.

Dean watched the dolphin toy swim its way under a mountain of bubbles, transfixed.  Sam ignored it, too caught up in playing with his boat.

“That's so cool.”  Dean's voice was a whisper, as the dolphin toy emerged, still