fists were balled to his sides. 

"Excuse me?"

"I thought I was being specifically clear when I said go back to the castle." 

Is he being fucking serious?

"You can't tell me what I can or can't do." I responded. 

"I saved your life!" 

"No, Pidge saved my life! She was the only one who realized that I was in danger of being captured! You were literally behind us the whole time!" 

"Bullshit." 

What the hell. Is he expecting something out of this?

"What do you want? An apology? Sorry for protecting my teammates. I guess its not part of being in a team."

I was up in his face now. Not caring what he said to me. 

"You could have been captured again!" he yelled.

"You don't think I don't know that? Thanks for pointing out the obvious." 

"You're unbelievable, how could you leave your planet then huh? You trying to change your ways here? So you can just what- I don't know, prove yourself that you belong? Why do you keep throwing yourself into shit you don't even know how to handle!" He spat. 

That hurt. I could instantly tell that he realized what he said but it was too late. Eyes widening and hand covering his mouth. What is there to cover now? 

I stopped breathing and the hunger for air burned into my chest, unable to relax the huge lump in my throat. Shiro's face went from hurting to regret. I didn't even know what caused his face to get like that, I hadn't even said anything. 

"F-Fuck, (Y/n) I-I'm sorry, I- It's not, please-" he said trying to get near me.

Too late, words can't be reversed. 

I felt my cheeks heat up and my vision become blurry. There was something at the bottom of my chest. It was a dull and heavy pain going all over my body. It felt like I was being choked. I tried to take a steady breath only for it to come out in sobs and was like fire was in my lungs. Hot tears finally spilling down my warm cheeks.

"(Y/n) p-please I-"

I gaze up to him, his expression was hurting.

But I didn't care, I didn't want to see him. 

"Fuck you." I say looking at him dead in the eyes, then turning around and running out into the endless hallways.

Who knows where I'm running. 

Who cares. 

As long as it's away from him. 

 


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


Shiro's Point of View


Damn it. 

Damn it. Damn it. Damn it. 

What the fuck did I just do? 

Her expression kept replaying in my head. So much hurt, so much pain, and

so much fear. 

Every single part of me was telling me to go after her. 

So I did. 

I ran out the hangar and into the direction she went. Almost tripping of how fast I was sprinting. My lungs felt like they were going to explode from all the intensity I was feeling. The adrenaline only made me run faster. I manage to stop and lean against the wall. Taking out heavy puffs of air and mentally collecting up whatever courage I had to talk to her. That is, if I find her. So I got back on my pace and continued running down the isolated hallway. 

"(Y/n)?" I call out in hopes of hearing a response. 

Instead I was returned the inconceivable silence.

Shit, it was going to take forever to find her. With the size of the castle being atrociously enormous, she could be anywhere. Doing anything. Anything bad. 

I had to find her. Before she could do anything we'd both regret.

I ran to all the places I could think of, her room, the training deck, the control room, and the dining area. Everywhere I went there was no sign of her. I was starting to get frustrated. Anger grew inside me more and more. Where the hell was she? 

As I continued to run down one of the endless corridors. I ran by the pool room again. I didn't think much of it when I passed by it earlier. I headed towards the door and walked in. Expecting to find nothing, there she was. Sitting in the corner and staring up towards the water, which was strangely for some reason on the ceiling. I sigh in relief seeing that she was fine. At least, before she realized I was in the room. My blood was still boiling, I went through all this trouble for her to be in a room I passed by already? 

She stands up against the wall and notices that I'm making my way towards her. Her glare was menacing, but I didn't even realize that I was glaring back. I couldn't control myself.