.

It is in your best interest to know that I have only one living relative ("living" in the sense that he continues to hold a job as a representative of a land mass, though I use that description in the loosest sense possible). This relative is my bruder, formerly the representation of the Teutonic Knights, now officially the representation of Prussia. We are both well aware of the fact that the nation of Prussia no longer exists, though my bruder will deny that fact to his grave. He insists that he is still around thanks to his "awesomeness", but the official paperwork should inform you that he is, in fact, currently representing eastern Germany. You should be aware that Prussia will attribute many things to his "awesomeness", including beer, broadswords, bratwurst, and the fall of the Berlin Wall. I suggest you ignore him when he talks about such things. It is safer for your sanity, and is the only way to shut him up, short of duct tape.

If you are uncomfortable with calling bruder by his true name of Prussia, you are welcome to call him by his human name of Gilbert Beilschmidt. My bruder has also asked me to inform you that if you refer to him as Gilbert, you must agree to call his pet chick by the name of "Gilbird". Failure to do so, he says, will result in him "calling down the wrath of Old Fritz and my awesomeness" on you. I do recommend that you give in to this particular demand, not because of any wrath befalling you, but because Prussia whined like a small child until the last boss gave in and used that wretched name.

I shall conclude this letter by leaving you with these instructions. Follow them in an orderly fashion, and all will be well:

1.) As a representation of this nation, I will occasionally be visited by other nation representatives:

(Aa) Every so often, an Italian man with an odd hair curl will make his way into various government buildings. If he is sighted, do not be alarmed. Chances are that he is simply looking for me. If that is the case, kindly contact me at once so that I may find him. Otherwise, he will get lost and loudly begin to cry "ve" until I arrive, he passes out from lack of oxygen, or someone feeds him pasta.

(Ab) Alternately, another Italian man with an odd hair curl and a tendency to growl about "damned potato eaters" will wander into the area. If he is sighted, call the president of Spain and ask him to send Antonio Fernandez Carriedo over with a box of tomatoes.

(B) Also every so often, a Japanese man will be sighted in the same government buildings. Unlike the Italian, he ought to be quiet and well-behaved, so long as no one mentions subbing versus dubbing within earshot of him. If the Italian man is in the same area as him there is no need to panic, unless the Italian is not wearing pants. If that is the case, alert me and I shall bring the Emergency Backup Boxers immediately.

(C) If an American man with a tuft of hair sticking up is seen on the premises, it is best to leave him to his own devices. He is capable of amusing himself for long periods of time. If, however, he panics and begins to scream about "fucking Nazi bastards, God-damn!", have security handcuff him and tackle him to the ground before he begins shooting in random directions.

(Da) If an Englishman with unusually thick eyebrows comes to visit me with flowers, I am not at home.

(Db) If an obnoxious Frenchman comes to visit me, I am also not at home, nor am I accepting commissions for cuckoo clocks.

(Dc) If an Englishman with unusually thick eyebrows and an obnoxious Frenchmen happen to visit me at the same time, I am not at home and advise security to evacuate the surrounding area and take defensive action.

(Ea) If a large Russian man with white hair comes to visit, I will handle him immediately. If I am not available, limit interaction with him. Under no circumstances should you agree to "become one" with him or attempt to take away the lead pipe he carries.

(Eb) Ignore the young, white-haired girl watching the Russian from the shadows, if she is there. Any attempts to confront her or remove her from the premises will result in multiple stab wounds.

(Ec) If the sounds of sobbing and something large bouncing are heard while the Russian is visiting...just ignore that too.

2.) While my bruder is currently representing the eastern side of Germany, it is preferable that you send any paperwork or jobs concerning that region to be dealt with by me. The last time Bruder was allowed to handle his own affairs, Israel left in a huff, though we managed to avoid nuclear war with Afghanistan. Narrowly.

3a.) Under no circumstances are you to discuss my insane ex-boss with me or my bruder. And do not pretend you do not know which one that is.

3b.) Similarly