safe, having Celia as their daughter and having her sent to a muggle school. (Celia imagined cloaked figures killing her parents and her brother with her names on their lips. You better had not have such daughter. Such an useless empty daughter. Celia imagined cloaked figures standing before her, surrounding her, closer and closer, their breathes heavy.) Celia was crying. For Merlin’s sake, Juniper snapped. Why are you crying? You weren’t there! We had to hide, we had to live from hand to mouth and you know what I did? I wrote you letters so you wouldn’t worry! Imagine how it must have felt! Listing birds I had seen instead of people I had seen dead! Why are you crying?! You have no right. You have no right. Juniper was crying, too. She stood up and walked towards Celia (Celia raised her hands to cover her face) and hugged her, too heavy and too tight. I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry. We all wanted you safe. It was for you. It was all for you. So you will have a world to live in. So you will be happy. So you will never cry. Don’t cry, Celia. Don’t cry.

Celia swallowed her tears and raised her head. But are they alive? Yes, of course they are. Juniper bent down and kissed her on a cheek and on a forehead. Not easy to kill a Cadbury. Because we are strong? Because we are smart, Juniper said and smiled. They returned to the table. Of course, Hugh and Zenia (Juniper and Benedict called their parents by name. It was because Hugh was Juniper’s step-dad and Zenia was Benedict’s step-mum) got their jobs next day after the war had finished. There is so much to do. Benedict got back, too, and Juniper starts again in a week. She postponed it to have some time to give to Celia. So there better be no crying, because it’s the first holiday Juniper had in years.

There was no crying. Celia wondered if she was smart. She didn’t feel like it.

 

 

They spent the week alone (mum and dad slept in their offices and Benedict slept Merlin knows where). Celia read to Juniper and Juniper beamed and said, see, you have grown up, and she said reading was serious business, and she said it was good Celia had taken it up. How were her grades? Celia lied (there was a paper in a file Juniper was given. Celia had to steal it for some time). Once, they went to Diagon Alley. They had ice cream and Juniper made purchases of some kind. She wanted to take Celia to a joke-shop, but it was closed. Well, Juniper sighed. Something else then.

Every next week, Celia spent with a nanny. She read and the nanny read, too. It was letters. Sometimes, the nanny cried. She asked Celia about the muggles she went to school with. Were there any good? Celia wasn’t sure what she was supposed to say. They were nice enough, she said. Nice enough, the nanny repeated. We died for nice enough. Celia blinked. She knew where her parents kept alcohol (Juniper took some for herself, too). She gave the nanny some whiskey. In the books, all sad people drink whiskey. Celia hoped the nanny wasn’t of the smashing-glass kind. The nanny wasn’t. She squeezed Celia’s hand and said, thank you.

 

 

These holidays were good. Not a dream, but good. On some nights, Celia woke up with Juniper’s words ringing in her ears. You weren’t there, you have no right. The ringing made her ears hurt. She wanted to slip out, to leave those words and the ringing and her aching body (there were more injuries, little accidents, over the summer. More determination to hurt itself). You weren’t there, you have no right.

 

 

Benedict appeared. He was hoping to see Juniper, but there were only Celia and her nanny, seated in an arbour with a bowl of fruit between them. Oh, it’s you, he said. He took some raspberries, crushing the others. The lucky girl. How was your year? Nice, Celia said. Well, mine wasn’t, Benedict said. He took out a tissue to clean his chin of juice. In fact, it was fucking awful. The nanny coughed. What, am I making you uncomfortable? I do think I have a right. After all, my sister owes me some. Right? Celia nodded. She wished Juniper was there. She wished her parents were there. She wished she wasn’t there. She tried slipping away without Benedict noticing, but then – look me in the eye, he said. Look me in the eye. Are there horrors in it? Her brother had nice eyes, girly, with long eyelashes. Fuck