, naked, with the gory baseball bat still in his hands. His bare skin was flecked with blood. 



 And then Zayn started laughing. 



 This confused Liam. “Uh, are you ok?” he asked Zayn. He could feel his eyebrows furrowing together. 



 “Perfectly fine,” Zayn breathed out between fits of giggles. 



  Liam supposed it was a bit funny. They were both standing stark naked on the shore of a lake, in the middle of nowhere, Zayn covered in Zombie blood and brandishing an old baseball bat. 



 And then Liam was laughing too, the tension of the moment dissolving. Liam was sure they looked like complete maniacs, but neither of them cared. There was nobody around to see, anyway.



 When their laughter had dissipated, they both noticed the low angle of the sun and decided it was time to find shelter for the night. They didn’t know where the next town was, and neither of them wanted to get stuck without a place to sleep. 



 Zayn dipped back into the lake as Liam dressed. He scooped up water with his hands, washing himself of the drying blood. 



 Liam turned his eyes away from the way Zayn looked in the water, wet skin gleaming and smooth. 



 A few minutes later they were ready to go. They hopped on the motorcycle and sped off, leaving their small oasis behind. 


 


 They found shelter easily that night. They stopped in another house, this one further off the main road. 



 It was empty, implying that the tenants had either left voluntarily, or had been killed elsewhere. Liam still felt like they were trespassing, but there weren’t really any other options.



 Their evening passed similarly to the one before. They ate a cold dinner, gathered from the fridge, Zayn pulled out the map to check their progress, and they made their bed in the most secure room. Tonight it was a small office. There were a few windows, but they were narrow and close to the ceiling. It was the best they could do, at any rate. 



 Together, they pushed a heavy oak table in front of the door. 



 Zayn investigated the bookshelves while Liam set up their bed on the floor. He wandered around the small room, letting his finger slide brush the spines gently. 



 “You like books?” Liam asked, his curiosity peaked. 



 “English major, remember?” Zayn said teasingly, casting Liam a glance over his shoulder. 



 “Oh, right, yeah,” Liam answered, returning his attention to getting them settled. “What are your favorites?” he asked. 



 Zayn sighed. “Oh, anything really. If I had to pick, maybe Slaughterhouse 5? Or Wuthering Heights.” 



 Liam hadn’t heard of the first one, but he had read Wuthering Heights for school. At least the sparknotes, he thought as he tried to remember the plot. 



 “Wuthering Heights, that’s the one with...Heathcliff right? And its kind of fucked up but also romantic?” He was sure he sounded like a neanderthal, but what the hell. 



 Zayn laughed. “That’s actually a pretty good description.” 



 “Why’s that your favorite?” Liam asked, finishing his task and standing to look at Zayn. 



 Zayn turned around to face Liam. “You said it pretty well mate. It’s pretty fucked up, and the main characters are definitely fucked up, but its insanely romantic anyway. Almost heartbreakingly so.”



  Something about the way Zayn said it intrigued Liam, but he decided to leave it for another time. 



 The room was bigger than the night before, but they still laid close together in the blankets. They gravitated towards each other as they settle in, and neither of them said anything when they end up cuddled together. 



  Liam thought it made them both feel better, an unspoken agreement.



  They each told a happy memory again as they lay in the darkness, and Liam wondered if it was going to become a thing. He didn’t mind, it was nice getting to talk about normal things. And he knew Zayn liked it too. 



 They drifted off easily, exhausted from their day. 


 


 Liam awoke a few hours later to a crash coming from somewhere in the house. “Did you hear that?” Zayn said tensely, shaking Liam to make sure he was awake. 



 “Yeah,” Liam breathed out. He was frozen, his sense on high alert. More noises came, accompanied by a series of moans. Too loud for just one voice. 



 “Shit,” Zayn said, and he and Liam scrambled to get their stuff together. Liam pulled his shoes on with shaking hands. He secured his pack on his shoulder and took the shovel in his grip. The rifle was heavy, slung across his shoulder. 



 He looked at Zayn, who looked as scared as Liam felt. They exchanged a nod, and slid the table out of the path of the door. 



 It didn’t take them long to find the source of the noise, and Liam’s heart stopped when they saw it. 



 A group of zombies was pouring into the house. They had broken down the back door, and were climbing clumsily over