, his gaze going to the middle distance as he tosses the ball from one hand to the other. "How come you know so much about juggling anyway?"

Sam shrugs. "I checked a book out of the library. It's due back next Monday, though, so make notes or something."

Dean catches the ball and looks at him.

"Hey, you said you wanted to learn."

They move again at Christmas while school's out, further south, down to Louisiana where the only coat Sam needs between the duplex Dad rented and the school is Dean's old denim jacket. It doesn't even feel like winter here.

The folks in the other half of the duplex have a boy Sam's age named Sterling and a girl named Brandy who's a year younger than Dean, and Sam can see Brandy's dad giving Dean dirty looks every time he and Brandy come within twenty feet of each other. All it does is cement her in Dean's brain as the girl he's got to have before they leave again. Sterling tells Sam he doesn't give a rat's ass what Brandy does with Dean - he thinks Dean's cool, thinks Sam's lucky to have a brother.

"Dude, having a sister sucks. Maybe Dean'll marry her and she'll move in with you, and then you'll see what it's like."

Sam laughs, and Sterling laughs with him, but Sam doesn't tell him he's laughing at the idea of anyone ever getting inside the circle of him, Dean, and Dad.

When school starts up again he and Sterling are in the same class, and Sam finds out that Sterling is one of the popular kids. Or at least, more popular than anyone Sam's ever hung out with before. And because Sterling's hanging out with Sam, suddenly Sam's one of the popular kids too. Everyone in this town is poor, it's barely even a matter of degree, so the fact that Sam's wearing patched Levis and his brother's hand-me-down jacket doesn't matter much - just the fact that Sterling likes him, and everyone else likes Sterling, and suddenly Sam's surrounded by someone else's friends.

It makes him nervous for about the first week. Every time he opens his mouth, he's sure that whatever he says is going to come out stupid and dorky and every one of Sterling's friends will laugh, and Sterling will laugh, and they'll all sound just like Jake Addison.

It doesn't happen that way, though. Sam's careful, he's watched this for so long, he knows all he has to do is act right, act the way they do, and he'll slip into it like slipping a lock.

Dean's still Dean, of course. Nothing ever changes him. He's exactly who he is, all the time, and it's just like that here. Before the end of January he's already been sent to the principal's office for punching a guy who'd backed this tiny little slip of a freshman girl up against the lockers and was grabbing her ass. "She looked like she was gonna cry, Dad, I swear to god," Dean says that night at home. "No one was stopping him, what was I supposed to do?"

Dean's voice is tight with wanting to help, wanting to fix it, to make things right, and John looks at Dean for a minute and then nods. "Just try not to make a habit of it, son," he says, but they all know he doesn't mean it. This is what they do - of course Dean's going to make a habit of it.

Sam figures he's lucky that the first person Dean saw getting picked on was the pretty little daughter of the local Baptist preacher, because this time? This time instead of people kicking Sam's knee and telling him his brother's a freak, people are saying man, where'd your brother learn to fight like that? You know that guy's on the wrestling team? This time when Dean says, "Yeah, like the rifle," people don't laugh like he's a dork, they laugh like he's said something cool.

Dean either doesn't notice or doesn't care, but it's a blessing for Sam. By March, Sam's not even riding Sterling's coat-tails anymore. His dimpled grin and his cockeyed sense of humour and even the fact that he's smart are all working in his favor, and now he's getting invited places all on his own, not even having to wait for Sterling to come knocking on the door saying, "Hey, we're going to Pizza Hut, wanna come?" or "Mandy's having her birthday party at the skating rink Saturday, ask your dad if you can go