held it during the entire movie, which is a big reason why he didn’t remember jack about it. He wrote it down as a good date in the journal.

                The first time they had a kiss on the lips was sort of an accident. At the training camp Lev had been bothering him for tosses for the 5th time, and had had enough of the beanpole blocker. He had to keep looking over his shoulder to run from the nuisance (mostly so he wouldn’t hit) but he looked back for too long and bumped into somebody. He turned his head at the last moment and his face collided with a shorter person…with red hair and a Karasuno jacket. They both fell ungracefully to the gym floor tangled together. Kenma was the first to sit up to confirm that it was Hinata he ran into. Hinata however, was out cold. He brought a hand to his mouth to touch his lips.

                “Yup…they touched.” His mind screamed. He want to run away, but an unconscious guy in the gym was not a good thing. After staring for a few seconds, Kenma called for help from the nearest person. Hinata woke up a couple of minutes later with a little bump on his mouth from where they crashed into one another. He was all smiles and laughter while Kenma wanted to disappear. He wrote it down anyway along with a bunch of curse words. Their actual first kiss happened the last day of training camp when Karasuno was leaving. It was quick and sweet.

                “At least I was awake for this one!” Hinata giggled. Sometimes Kenma just thought of hitting Shouyou instead…but he was right.

                He wasn’t entirely sure why he wrote it in the journal, but their first fight was in there too. Maybe it was because he wanted to remember the feeling to make sure they never argued like that again. He was video chatting with Hinata, only to realize he was much quieter.

                “What’s wrong, Kageyama beat you in a race?” Kenma joked. It wasn’t received well.

                “My whole life doesn’t revolve around what that guy does you know.” He snapped. Kenma’s eyes widened in response, he didn’t know he struck a nerve. He pried a bit to understand what was bothering the other boy.

                “…Sorry…uh what’s wrong. You’re acting weird.” That was apparently the wrong way to phrase it.

                “What? I can’t be in a less than joking mood and now I’m acting weird? I’m not always happy and loud Kenma!” He looked away. He almost looked like he was about to cry. His words however didn’t strike Kenma with sympathy. He felt a little annoyed with Hinata, and he let him know.

“Well sorry…I was just asking what stick got stuck up your butt for you to be acting this way.” He retorted. He heard a noise that was almost like a growl.

                “If I’m acting like such an ass then, I guess you’d probably be happier talking to yourself!” The screen went blank the moment after. His icon went to “do not disturb” and it left Kenma with immediate regret over his words. He tried to text Hinata, but his hands were shaking too much to make clear words. He put the phone down and just sat on his bed staring at the wall. They both went too far. About 12 hours later, he got a text asking if Kenma if he wanted to chat. He reluctantly said yes. His mind raced, thinking that this was the break-up chat. When the chat started up, all he heard were apologies. At least 50 of them.

                “I’m so sorry Kenma! I didn’t mean to be a jerk I-I was just really upset because my grandad passed away this morning…I really didn’t want to take it out on you!!”

                Kenma apologized too, and even more so for being completely insensitive to his family issues. He spent the rest of the chat trying to cheer him up with different videos and music. That fight was definitely an awful experience, but the make-up part gave it a silver lining.

                Kenma wrote in the journal even after high school. During his 2nd year of college and Hinata’s first, he added something that seemed more “adult” than the other entries. Their first time sleeping together. By this point, he really kept the journal out of habit, so this was just another marker in their relationship.

                Hinata still lived on campus, while Kenma lived in a small apartment around 10 minutes away. A lot much of Hinata’s stuff was already in his room though, so whenever he stayed over Hinata was well prepared.

                Their nights usually consisted of movies or games along with piles and piles of junk food. Tonight was no different except they moved their shenanigans to Kenma’s futon. Playful kisses got heavier and gentle touches became heavy groping. Soon enough they were cuddled close together underneath a blanket on the futon tired and happy