believe it? Was it not just some wild figment of her and Asami’s imaginations?

 

“Come here,” Senna said, motioning gently. “Look.” Korra strode over to the window, allowing her mom to adjust her stance so she was looking out it in the right direction, and what she saw made her blink with disbelief. “You opened it.”

 

The spirit portal. Korra had looked out this window before. She’d stared past the city at the long barrenness of snow, but it wasn’t barren anymore. From where the portal was, a bright beam stretching from the earth to the sky. Even more, there were ribbons of pale green light extending for miles around the beam. And for that moment when she saw it, she wasn’t thinking about the fact that the portals had been closed because people feared spirits. She wasn’t thinking about the dangers of it being open if people couldn’t bend. Those lights were unlike anything she’d ever seen. They were patterned and bright and beautiful, and they were there because she’d opened the spirit portal.

 

“Where’s dad?” she asked again, wondering why he wasn’t here. It wouldn’t have been like him to leave in the midst of something like this.

 

“He had to go meet the council,” Senna answered, a small smile reaching her lips. “They got calls about a few people waterbending.”

 

Korra’s eyebrows lifted to her hairline. “Bending?” she choked in disbelief. And she was so emotional about the lights, and now the bending, that she couldn’t help it that tears flooded her eyes. “I brought bending back?”

 

“Maybe,” Senna answered softly, turning away from the window and giving Korra a warm hug. “Let me go find your father. I’ll tell him you’re awake.”

 

Senna disappeared to find Tonraq, and Korra was still so astonished that she couldn’t bring herself to leave the window. It didn’t feel real. No matter how many times she’d heard stories about the Avatar and spirits, and how true it was that people used to bend the elements, it was such a distant past that they’d never felt like more than fairytales. It was overwhelming, and through the emotion and the anxiousness, there was a constant buzz of excitement in her stomach.

 

“Korra,” Asami said from behind her, and when she turned, Asami extended a hot ceramic mug. “I made you some tea.”

 

“Thank you,” she smiled gratefully.

 

Korra reached out for the cup, but her hands were still trembling, and when she went to grab it, it slipped through her fingers. Out of instinct, she reached out to catch it. It was already well beyond her reach, but when she motioned for it, the cup froze in mid air. It halted halfway to the ground and just hovered there. At the back of her mind, Korra knew she was doing this, but it was such a shock that it didn’t register. She just stared at the floating cup of tea, unable to think or move.

 

“Whoa,” Asami murmured, and her voice broke Korra out of the trance.

 

Korra jerked back, and the conscious recognition of the fact that she was earthbending interrupted her control. The cup dropped the remaining distance, smashing to pieces on the hard floor and spilling tea everywhere.

 

“I’m sorry, sorry, sorry,” Korra muttered worriedly, throwing her hands to her head. Normally she’d have reacted calmly about it, but all the scattered emotion she was feeling left her instantly guilty, because Asami had gone through all the effort to make her tea and she’d just spilled it and broken her parents cup. “I’m sorry.”

 

“Hey, Korra,” Asami said gently, reaching up for her hands. “Hey, it’s okay, there’s more tea.”

 

Korra sniffled, feeling an escaped tear slide down her cheek. “I don’t know what’s happening,” she whispered in a soggy voice, trying to focus on one of the many emotions whirling about her head. “I don’t know how to feel.” She glanced toward the window. “The lights and the portal and the bending. I’m bending and I might be the Avatar and we got attacked and it put you in danger and I don’t know what to do.”

 

“It’s okay,” Asami said again, letting go of Korra’s hands to cup her face, and a careful thumb whisked away the moisture on her cheek. “I’m okay, and you’re okay. Everything is going to be fine. We’ll figure it all out.”

 

Korra took in a deep, calming breath, and the air and the fact that Asami was touching her, grounding her, put everything into perspective, and she gave a teary chuckle with embarrassment at the fact that she’d just almost cried over a spilled cup of tea. “You weren’t hurt?”