the edge of his bed in agitation and wrung his hands together. He waited with his hands over his mouth and his eyes set on the door.

A knock on the door alerted Harry and he opened it. Niall held up a bag.

“Do you mind if I get changed?” He said and indicated to the bathroom.

“Sure.” Harry shook his head in amazement as Niall strode past him to the bathroom.


What the fuck is going on.


A couple minutes later Niall appeared in a pair of flattering jeans and a white t-shirt. He doubled back and peered into the mirror as he ran his fingers through his quiffed hair.

“Sorry for being so forward, I’m starved of company out here.”

“Er, that’s okay.”

“Better than staying in here all night, there’s nothing to do. You ready?” Harry looked down at his black skinny jeans and navy knitted jumper.

“Yes.”

“Great.” Niall grasped his arm and led him out the door.

-

Niall immediately ordered them both pints as they arrived at the pub. He paid for it and waved Harry off as he tried to hand him money.

“Complimentary for your stay.” He said jokingly with a smile.

“Thanks.” Harry tentatively sipped it and eyed Niall over his drink. He looked eager and happy to be in Harry’s company.

“What made you come out here?” Niall asked, he tapped his fingers absentmindedly on the wooden table.

“I left home for the city; I didn’t fancy sleeping in my car.”

“Did you run away?”

“I guess so.” Harry shrugged.

“What are you going to do once you get there?”

“I don’t really have a plan.” Harry admitted. “I just want to see what it’s like.”

“I’m saving for a place in the city.” Niall said. “That’s why I’m at the motel, because it’s close. Not close enough, but still.”

Harry couldn’t help admiring Niall over the rim of his glass. He had immense gratitude for the friendliness the blonde displayed towards him.

They ordered steaks and Niall wolfed his down with abandon and then ordered another round of drinks, which Harry insisted on paying.

Harry found himself enjoying his evening with Niall. They talked about their plans for their eventual places in the city and drank until the room was spinning in Harry’s eyes. Eventually they moved from their table to the bar. Niall hands were on his lower back and guided him to his seat.

Harry concentrated on Niall’s open mouth that was caught in a laugh. They were turned towards each other in their seats and their hands grasped their glasses on the counter, the backs of their hands touching.

Harry’s eyes felt heavy as they locked onto Niall’s. His laughter subdued and turned into a knowing grin. They both leant in at the same time and their mouth crashed together, their hands reaching for skin.

“Glad I took you out then?” Niall asked breathlessly. Harry’s agreement was stifled as he kissed Niall again.

They stumbled back towards the motel with their arms wrapped around each other. Niall buried his face in Harry’s neck. The younger boy shivered and his hands tightened on the inebriated boy.

Niall giggled into his shoulder as Harry fumbled for his room key. Harry groaned helplessly and tried to manoeuvre the key into its lock. He succeeded and they both stumbled into the room, Niall ending up on the floor and his arms reaching for Harry.

Harry laughed and bent down; Niall looped his arms around Harry’s neck and pulled himself up. With a mess of sheets and squeaky springs the two boys crashed onto the motel bed.

Niall attached his mouth to Harry’s chest and sucked, causing a low groan to leave Harry’s throat. He removed Niall’s shirt and his own and threw them both on the floor. Niall worked on Harry’s jeans. They both laughed as Niall struggled tugging them off Harry’s legs.

Once free from their constricting clothing, Harry hovered over Niall, his hands bracing his body on the bed.

“Yes.” Niall answered lustfully to Harry’s cautious look.

Harry shut his mouth in determination, suddenly feeling very sober. He didn’t regret a thing though, Niall groaned and sensually bit onto Harry’s shoulder as he carefully entered the smaller boy.

Harry let out a whimper of his own and bit down on his lips, his hips rocking to meet Niall’s.

-

Harry woke up in the scratchy sheets with a blissful smile on his face. He reached for Niall under the covers; his eyes sprang open at the empty space beside him.

Harry fell back in disappointment and his eyes welled up bitterly. Shame rose in his chest and he clutched the sheets tighter around his body.

The door banged open and Niall rushed inside in his work uniform.

“Harry.” He panted. “I’m sorry, I was late for work. I’m sorry for leaving.” Harry hurriedly