was hard not to be attracted to that. 

Plus the way he was with his children was almost too much to bear. That feeling of family was something Thomas had never experienced. As cliche as it sounded, his father had passed away when he was very young and as a result, his mother became an abusive drunk. Sarah, his older sister, was the only real family connection he said. But she had moved over to Bozeman years ago, leaving him alone in Whitefish. 

When he cleaned himself up and found a job with the Grimes, he also found a place to call home. Carl and Judith were like the kids he never thought he’d have and Rick…Rick was something else. A cloud he couldn’t pin down, to say the least. 

But he was working on it. 

This past year he had started to make more obvious moves. He’d let their hands touch a bit more, lean against him, stand closer. 

If it was working, he had no idea. Rick was impossible to read. Which of course, only made him that much more attractive. 

One of the lamps at the end of the alley flickered, sparked, and went out. That side of the backstreet fell into darkness and Thomas cursed. 

Digging into his pocket, he pulled out his phone and quickly queued up the flashlight. “Goddamn city council and their bullshit ‘handymen’. Can’t fix jack-shit in this town.” he muttered under his breath. 

Okay, maybe he was a little more than buzzed if he was actually getting pissed about a streetlight burning out. 

He was about halfway down the alley when suddenly a whistle pierced the silence of the night. It startled him so much that he almost drop the phone. 


What the hell? 


“Who’s there?” he shouted, turning around to face the other direction. From the lighting, he could barely see anything. If someone was standing in this alley with him, they wouldn’t need to put much effort into hiding. The whistling continued. 

It wasn’t a song or even a sort of pattern. It was just a long tone dropping in pitch with each new start. It made the hair on the back of his neck stand straight. 

“Stop fucking around and come out! I don’t have time to deal with your bullshit!” he shouted again, inner panic making his voice strain. 

Thomas wasn’t a massive guy. Pretty regular, compared to a majority of people. 6 feet fall and only 150 Ibs…that wasn’t much in a fight. He’d hold his own but for how long? And how-

Another whistle joined the first and a chill went straight down his spine. 

Shit. 

He took off running for the other end of the alley, that fight or flight response kicking in- and he was choosing flight. 

His boots slapping the pavement echoed off the brick buildings on either side of him, but the whistles drowned it out. They got closer. 

“Leave me the fuck alone!” he yelled over his shoulder, swinging his phone around to try and see who was messing with him. 

Maybe this was just some stupid prank. Maybe someone would step out of the shadows, laughing, and tell him what a baby he was. 

Thomas almost prayed for that now. 

Anything besides the unknown. 

He barely made it halfway down the alley when suddenly someone stepped out. He was wiry and had a horrible mustache. Bald. Scary. Thomas skidded to a stop, holding the light up. “Who the hell are you? What do you want?” 

The man grinned and Thomas turned to take off the other direction. There had been two whistlers, right? Where was-

Suddenly his world exploded into agony. He felt the soft tissue of his face split open as something heavy and sharp pierced his skin. Screaming out in torment, he fell to the ground, hands instantly going to his face to check for damage. Sticky warm blood splashed against his fingertips as he felt around. His nose was defiantly broken, though he couldn’t feel that particular pain yet, and his face had been pierced by something that felt like wire.   

“Aw, shit. You alright there, champ? I’m fuckin’ sorry. I didn’t mean to whack ya’ so hard on the first round but, you did run smack into it, so you’re partly to blame.” A voice said from above him. Tears swallowed up his eyesight for a moment as a pained sob escaped his lips before he could fully see who was standing there. His face was hidden in shadows, but his outline was crisp against the lamppost light from the other end of the alley. 

He had a baseball bat in his hands. A bat, upon further inspection, which had barbed wire wrapped around it. 

Thomas knelt there, hands still covering his face. 

“Now, look, I wanted to do this a more…” the man waved his hand around, trying to look for a word, “civil fuckin’ matter. But you, you,” he bent down