time he texted him was over a week ago, which he didn’t like to make a habit of because he knew if Liam found out it would make him jealous and upset. His heart clenched, remembering the way he begged him to let him see him again, to let him prove he changed. But Niall denied it, telling him how Liam wouldn’t like it, and that he was his boyfriend now. Zayn hadn’t responded after that.

“I thought he got better.” He whispered, running his fingers through his hair and rubbing at his eyes, trying to understand what was going through Zayn’s mind, what he was feeling, what he was thinking.

“For a while he was, he really wanted to get better.”

“He told me he was though.”

“And he relapsed.” Nate sounded deflated as he spoke those words, and Niall felt ill thinking of Zayn full on using again after being clean.

“Why? Why did he do this?” He asked desperately. He gripped at his blonde locks then, frustration, confusion and hurt running throughout him because he didn’t understand, and guessed he never would because Zayn was such a mystery, so quiet and mystique.

He knew the boy struggled with many things, with his home life and his school work, always being put down and thinking he was never good enough to do anything. He was depressed easily, and turned to drugs for help, which made him worse. His bipolar attitude was killing Niall slowly, along with watching him become more and more addicted.

All he wished was for him to talk like they used too, when they were fourteen and fell in love. But he kept silent about everything as the years went on, ridding his worries for a short time through his addiction until the high wore off and reality came back to smack him full force.

“I feel like out of everyone you should know.” Nate muttered, his eyes flicking over to the blonde whose head snapped over immediately staring at him with an unbelievable look.

“What’s that supposed to mean?” He gaped, watching as Nate shook his head slowly, trying to brush what he had just said to the side, but Niall was furious now, watching and listening as Nate held this accusing tone to his voice.

“Nothing.”

“No, Nate spit it out.” He snapped, standing up now, looking down at him with tears in his eyes. “You wanna blame me?”

“I’m not blaming you, Niall.” He stated firmly, causing the blonde to back down a bit. “I’m just saying it’s the reason why. He loves you, Ni. And seeing you with that Liam kid, it broke him.”

“H-how do you-”

“How do I know about Liam?” He asked, getting up from his seat now, looking at him straight in his shining blue eyes. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you the number of times that Zayn had cried to me about you.”

The statement made Niall’s heart snap in two, thinking of all the many times Zayn begged for him to come back to him, how many times he promised he would change for Niall, how many times he tried to reach him through other people and social media. Yet, Niall ignored him, disregarded everything he had said, and now he felt this acid guilt sloshing in his stomach.

But Niall couldn’t look past all the nonsense he went through with him. All the drugs and lack of love. It’s like Zayn was empty inside the last few months they were together, and it was so upsetting, so heartbreaking and so scary that Niall couldn’t stay, and escaping was the only answer.

“Would you have stayed? Nate you saw all the bullshit he put me through.” Niall asked, pain laced in his voice, and Nate shook his head once again.

“No and that’s why I don’t blame you for leaving. But he did try to get clean for you.” He informed him, as Nate looked over at Zayn giving him a sad smile, and Niall felt his heart break all over again. “I’ve never seen him work so hard for something before in this life. You were worth it Niall, to him you were, and I just wished you would have tried to let him back in.”

Nate left the room then, with Zayn’s silent parents following behind him. And Niall winced as he saw more tears that had streamed down his mother’s face and the hard look of his father being thrown his way.

They left Niall behind with Zayn, with his mind racing about what could have been done and what could have been prevented, while his heart was swimming in guilt, and his eyes ran a stream of tears seeing the unconscious boy he loved laying in front of him.

~  ~   ~

Niall had stayed all night long, only leaving once they were throwing him out, watching Zayn carefully the entire time. He wished he wasn’t forced to leave,