, he would have been frozen again. The child’s eyes were wide, and Grillby could almost feel the primal panic there, encasing him, suffocating him. No air, no safety, no hope.

God, what had this child been through? Grillby felt sick.

“I didn’t mean to. Please, please, I didn’t mean it.” The child’s eye lights were gone, and his shaking visibly worsened as his breathing got quicker.

“I’m not going to hurt you. Just breathe, it’s alright.” He wished he knew his name. It would make this more helpful.

The child shook his head, but the movement didn’t seem directed at him. “Please, I’m sorry. I’m sorry, don’t hurt me, please.”

Grillby took a step closer, watching the child as his knees buckled and he fell to the floor. His arms came up to cover his skull as he curled in on himself. “Don’t hurt me, don’t hurt her, please, I’m sorry. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry-” He cut himself off with a hiccuping sob.

“You don’t have to apologize, it’s okay.” Grillby knelt down once he was beside the child. His hand hovered over the small skeleton’s shoulder, not knowing what to do. “Can you hear me?”

The child continued sobbing, shaking enough for Grillby to hear the rattling of his bones.

This is actually the first work in Undertale that I started! I never finished it, I don't know why. I might pick it up again later, if people are interested?This one had a genderfluid OC, that mostly switched from he/him to she/her pronouns. (I'm going to use they/them pronouns to explain, or else this will be hard to understand.) Their girl name was Thea, and their boy name was Zane. Anyways, the OC's mother was verbally abusive and constantly put them down on their boy days. I was going to have this be a Sans/OC story, but oh well. (And this was before I gave up on trying to uncapitalize everything in Sans's dialogue.)This was back when I was trying to better understand my gender and sexuality, so I may have pushed some of my struggles onto them to help me understand myself more. I have still not figured out what the fuck I am, but this did help a bit.

Thea stared at the shelf, tiredness slowing her mind to a crawl. She hadn’t slept well at all last night. It had felt like the air in her room was suffocating her, wrapping around her throat until she couldn’t breathe.

She was pulled from her thoughts by her friend’s voice drifting down the aisle. “Ooh, Theeaaa!” Laura sang happily. She was always chipper. Thea never figured out how she did it. She had asked multiple times only to get a “I just...be happy” in return.

“Hey, earth to Thea? You in there?” Laura asked, waving a hand in front of her face. How long had she been staring off into space?

“Oh, sorry,” was her simple reply, followed by a faint blush. Today was probably gonna be one of those days. Those quiet, distracted days where almost no work got done. Oh well.

“Anyways, as I was saying,” Laura continued, though the look of concern in her eyes didn’t disappear, “they legalized monster-human marriage today! I wasn’t sure if you heard yet; they just got done voting today…”

Thea stared at her, watching her lips move excitedly over the concept of marrying Robin, her monster girlfriend of a year. She was happy that Laura was happy, but her sleep-deprived mind just couldn’t keep up. Maybe she could run off and get some coffee when she was on her break. She waved when Laura seemed to leave, flashing a tired and apologetic smile after her.

As she turned to get back to organizing the shelf (staring at the shelf), she bumped into a warm yet oddly firm body. She let an embarrassing gasp when she felt the impact of the hard tiled floor underneath her. Well, that’s one way to greet a customer.

“Um, welcome to Pet Central?” she said, blinking owlishly as she looked up at the person. She almost gasped again when she saw what they looked like. A skeleton. A freaking skeleton. She knew logically that it was one of the monsters that had come up from the underground about two years ago, but god damn that was freaky, especially with her sluggish mind.

She heard the skeleton chuckle and only then noticed the little kid holding his hand. They couldn’t have been more than seven and dang were they cute. Near shoulder length hair, striped sweater, and simple jeans, all worn with a happy little smile.

“hey, you okay? didn’t