really busy at the same time though? Both are me...but the good news is this chapter is a little longer plus it's basically split in half. Other half probably won't be up until last week of March or first week of April.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

   Hinata woke to his bedroom door swinging open. He cracked his eyes open to see Natsu holding his phone up to his face.

   “Shouyou it’s been beeping forever it woke me up too! Turn it off please.” She whined.

   He suddenly became aware to the very persistent noise that his alarm was making. With a few quick motions, the sound stopped much to his and Natsu’s relief. His mind was still weighed down with sleep but he did notice the time. He had overslept an hour past the alarm. A small jolt of panic shook off his grogginess. All of the times he met Kenma were very early in the morning because there weren’t many people on the beach yet. He started to get dressed when he realized that he still had a very curious sister still sitting on his bed.

   “Are you late for something?” Darn her and her naturally inquisitive nature. He tried to be as vague as possible.

   “Yes.”

   “What are you late for?”

   “Meeting a friend.”

    “Who?” This wasn’t going to end.

   “You don’t know him Natsu.” He continued to get ready while dodging all of her questions. It was only a matter of time before she started getting really nosey.

   “Can I come?” That was quick.

   “No…” He never liked to say no to her, mostly because she was going to fight him on it. Before she could even start her onslaughts of ‘why nots’ they were both alerted to their mother calling for Natsu. With a sigh she hopped off the bed and walked out of his room.

   “Mommy’s taking me shopping and stuff but I wanted to hang out with you instead…”

   He felt bad. He loved to spend time with his little sister but he could see her anytime. Not everyday someone got to spend time with a mermaid. As he packed his bag and hurried out the door, he was determined to spend as much time with Kenma as possible. In the back of his mind though, he tried to bite back the nagging feeling of picking Kenma over his sister.

   The smell of the ocean blowing around him took away the worry that was building in his head. He trekked down to small cove as quickly as possible and to his surprise, Kenma was curled up asleep in the sand. He didn’t know how long he’d been waiting there, but it must’ve been awhile. Despite him being eager to chat with him, Hinata couldn’t really be too bothered to wake the sleeping mermaid. The urge to take a quick picture on his phone popped up but he buried that idea almost instantly. He sat down next to him to get a closer look. He hadn’t had the chance to really study Kenma’s face this close before. On his cheeks, there were small teal speckles that lined up around his eyes. Kenma also had extremely long eyelashes that delicately rested along his eyelids. He was tempted to touch them, but he kept quietly observing him instead. Pulling his eyes away from Kenma’s face he began to look elsewhere. He had never paid attention to the feathery slits that were on his neck either. He knelt closer to notice that they were gills. Hinata didn’t know much about fish outside of the fact they breathed through their gills, and Kenma’s weren’t currently open. A chilling thought popped into Hinata’s mind that Kenma wasn’t sleeping but was slowly suffocating. He sprang into action running to the mouth of the cove and kneeling over the water’s edge to cup as much as he could into his hands. With a dramatic splash, he threw the water over Kenma’s face. He watched as Kenma slowly slid his eyes open, calm and steady as if he didn’t have someone just dump water on him. His golden eyes turned to see a frantic looking Hinata standing nearby. Relieved by Kenma alive and well, Hinata plopped down next to his friend about an arm’s length so Kenma could touch his hand to communicate. He felt a cool webbed hand a moment later.

   “You came back again Shouyou!” Clearly Kenma was perfectly fine.

   “Yeah, I’m sorry I got here late though…are you ok?”

   Kenma cocked his over and began to stare at Hinata.

   “Why would I not be?”

   Hinata began to wildly point at his still shut gills. “Your gills were…I mean still closed and I uh thought you couldn’t breathe…this sounds really dumb when I say this out loud.” A chorus a tinkling laughter rang in his head and he could feel his face grow warm with embarrassment.

   “I don’t mean to laugh at you but I thought it was really funny. I suppose I should