know, we’ll have Klingons on the starboard bow and-“

A violent rocking of the ship causes everyone on board to jostle unexpectedly in their seats. Mr. Elrond is barely able to keep his footing. “Lt. Galadriel, get me Mr. Gim on the intercom,” demands Glorfindel, standing up as the shaking stops. Lt. Galadriel motions to him, and the Captain calls out, “Gimli, what’s going on down there?”

“I can’n’t say, C’pn,” responds the voice of the chief engineer. “Ah’ve been tryin’ an’ tryin’, but I can’n’t change the laws of physics, C’pn! That massive discharge of weapons has nearly destroyed the warp core. I’ve given her more pow’r, C’pn, but if I giv’er anymore she’ll blow!”

“Did anyone get any of that?” questions Glorfindel to the rest of the crew. Mr. Elrond merely does the eyebrow thing again. “Well... just keep working on that, Gimli. Oh, before you get back to whatever it is you’re doing, could you do me a favor?”

“Sure, C’pn,” says Mr. Gim with dedication in his voice, and the slight scent of scotch on his breath. “What can’I do fer you?”

“Gimli... beam me up.”

There is a pause, and then Mr. Gim answers in confusion, “You, ahm, you’re already up C’pn. There’s... no where t’beam you to.”

“That was... quick,” says Captain Glorfindel in a commending voice. “Good job. Keep working on that warp thingie. Fin out.” As soon as the communication link is broken, Glorfindel wipes his brow. “Whew. This is harder work than I thought,” he mumbles to himself as the doors to the bridge magically slide open. The elf who is walking through seems slightly startled by this, but keeps on walking. “Bones McErestor, I was wondering when you might stop up and give me a medical report.”

“Oh, you were, were you?” The gruff, disgruntled voice of the doctor immediately silenced all other noise in the room, except of course those neat and nifty little computer noises that are always being heard. “How about this for a medical report – your weapons discharge and the subsequent shifting of the ship caused a number of crewmembers to be thrown into walls or other dangerous objects and now my sickbay is full!”

“That’s terrible news,” says Glorfindel.

“Aye, it most certainly is. On top of that,” continues McErestor, “I passed the engine room on the way and it is utter chaos- do you know, I think our engineer is drunk. I knew we should never have let those dwarves aboard.”

“Hmmm.” Glorfindel frowns. “Well, on your way back to sickbay, do you think you could stop by the engine room and give Gimli a hand with his warp doohickey?”

“Dammit, Fin, I’m a doctor, not a... actually,” says Erestor, crossing his arms, “I’m NOT a doctor. If anything, he should be the doctor, and I should be the science officer,” he argues, nodding in the direction of Mr. Elrond.

Mr. Elrond nods. “That would be the most logical idea,” he agrees.

“Gentlemen... I-“ A sudden buzzing and blinking catches everyone’s attention. Glorfindel races back to his chair, punching buttons and generally trying to look important. “Lt. Rumil, what is it?”

“I’m not sure, keptin,” he says, adjusting the image on the view screen. “It’s wery, wery, big,” he says as he continues to adjust the image.

“Mr. Elrond, your report?” Captain Glorfindel gives an intense look to the distorted image on the screen.

“It’s life, Fin, but not as we know it,” explains Mr. Elrond warily. “I fear to tell you what it is.”

“Well, man, what is it?” he demands.

Sitting in the navigation seat, Commander Legolas looks up, his eyes wide in fear. “It’s... it’s...”

“What is it, Mr. Legolas?”

“A... a Balrog... of Morgoth...” he replies, cowering.

“Oh, is that all?” Captain Glorfindel stands up. “Alright, I need Mr. Elrond, Mr. McErestor, and three or four guys in red shirts whose names I’m not familiar with...”

Placing his hand on the captain’s shoulder, the doctor says, “It’s worse than that- it’s dead, Fin.”

“What? Why, that’s great news!” Captain Glorfindel sits back down in his seat. “We can just go around it, then.”

“Uh, Captain Glorfindel?” Lt. Galadriel gives him a worried look. “Message from Gimli- he says we’ve