she saw them again. She hoped it was just that - a stupid superstition - but she could feel her thoughts on overdrive, unhinging themselves from the organized chaos of her mind. She sat up, unable to relax on the soft cushions beneath her.

"Byebye," her mother spoke again, voice strong and determined - vibrations from the speaker surrounding Alicia in the sound of motherly love for possibly the last time.

"Bye..." she trailed off, voice wavering while trying to decide if she should say it. After taking a deep breath, she decided to commit.

"I lo-" A small click signalled that her mom had already hung up on her. She finished the phrase in a whisper, speaking to no one but the white noise that broadcasted back to her. She held back fearful tears but felt uncontrollable droplets streaking patterns down her face as her eyes remained open and unblinking. She wiped them with her sleeve after realizing she would not be able to stop the flow from merely refraining from blinking. She didn’t want Bone to freeze up - something he did around anyone crying. She couldn’t afford to have him freeze up. He was still fixated on the window as she stood up, leaning against his closet door. She sniffled a little and tried to convince herself that she was just being a stupid pessimist.

Her second phone call went to Iago, a friend she considered to be a brother. From what she knew, both Zoe and Norie were with him. He picked up almost immediately.

"Hey Bone, what's up?"

"Uhh..not Bone. It's Alicia."

"Oh hey sis, sup? Why're you on Bone's phone?" Her friend group was close enough to consider each other a second family; Iago was essentially her closest sibling.

"Trying to conserve my phone battery. But uh, are Zoe and Norie with you?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Good, just making sure. I’m not sure if you noticed, but there’s zombies outside… at least what I think are zombies. I'm hiding out at Bone’s right now, but we agreed to take on the apocalypse together, didn’t we? Was calling to see if you had a plan."

"Uh..maybe. I don't know. Do you have anything in mind?"

"Not really. Here, talk to Bone." She handed the phone to Bone, who finally finished marveling at the zombies outside, confirming the integrity of her story with a thumbs up. It only served to further unsettle her, as the promise of a completely new reality hung threateningly above her thoughts. He sat down on the bed. She followed, leaning her head on his shoulder to listen in on their plans. His shoulder did wonders, his confidence in his preparation radiating in animated waves as he talked. It was infectious, Alicia fell victim to the soothing way his voice dropped low after the initial excitement, hearing only bits and pieces of the conversation as she felt all the nervous energy grow heavy, sleepy. She was pretty sure they said something about school, energy and Alaska.

She woke up abruptly when Bonehead jerked his shoulder against her cheek with a sudden roughness.

"Ow!" she scowled at him.

"Wake up. We should get going soon." It took her some time to register his words, but once they did, she perked to attention.

"Wait what? Where are we going? How long was I asleep?"

"You've been sleeping on my shoulder for the past 5 years, completely knocked the fuck out. My shoulder's sooooo sore," he complained in a fake whine while heaving himself to his feet, stretching himself out and cracking every bone he could in the process.

Alicia's half-asleep mind could not process the sarcasm in his speech, settling for a confused, “Wait, how?”

Bone Saw laughed strangely hysterically at her reaction, his laugh carrying such a distinct quality that the sound itself always proved funnier to others than what he was initially laughing about. And so, Alicia found herself laughing along.

“You’ve been asleep for about 15 minutes, I just got off the phone,” he said in a slightly more serious tone, holding the phone up. “We’re going to meet up midway between my house and Iago's, then head off to Alaska, as I've always planned."

Were things really that drastic already? It didn’t make any sense to Alicia. It seemed like everyone was so ready to pack up and go, so ready to completely abandon all that they had right now. She desperately wanted to leave the hell-hole that was her home sometime too, but those plans usually involved moving with friends to a nearby apartment complex, not moving all the way to Alaska. Plus, things didn’t seem to be so chaotic just yet. They still had electricity, running water, food, and a sturdy shelter. She didn’t understand why they had to leave now.

“Do we have to go so soon? I