Rose was a pretty independent kid.


5. Were they overprotected as a child? Sheltered?


The opposite actually, she wasn’t sheltered enough.


6. Did they feel rejection or affection as a child?


Affection in the lessons her mother taught her, rejected emotionally in her inner and outer circles.


7. What was the economic status of their family?


Their home was passed down to them but that didn’t mean they were rich. They had just enough to get by.


8. How does your character feel about religion?


She’s a Vodouist, but she has no particular qualms about any one religion.


9. What about political beliefs?


She isn’t fond of her own governments history of hypocrisy and injustice especially toward her home state. When she was younger she thought she could right those injustices, but now she’s warier of Overwatch and organizations like it. That mistrust only grew after she caught wind of the infighting that went on amongst their ranks.

She thought the whole situation was shameful.


10. Is your character street-smart, book-smart, intelligent, intellectual, slow-witted?


Combination of street-smart and intellectual, she’s a wide reader and has worked hard to master her conjure work and medical acumen.


11. How do they see themselves: as smart, as intelligent, uneducated?


A bit uneducated since she never had the money for college.


12. How does their education and intelligence – or lack thereof - reflect in their speech pattern, vocabulary, and pronunciations?


She grew up speaking both Hatian and Louisianan Creole and has an accent in English as a result.


13. Did they like school? Teachers? Schoolmates?


She loves/d learning so it was fun for her academically but not so much socially.


14. Were they involved at school? Sports? Clubs? Debate? Were they unconnected?


Gardening club, she and like three other kids tried to grow tomatoes one year and they all just…died. She has gotten better since then though.


15. Did they graduate? High-School? College? Do they have a PHD? A GED?


She graduated High School.


16. What does your character do for a living? How do they see their profession? What do they like about it? Dislike?


A Professional Magician. She sees it as a means to an end, but dislikes that the craft is so distrusted and that most people don’t really believe in magic anymore. However, the same disbelief also brings people to her shows so it’s a love/hate relationship.  17. Did they travel? Where? Why? When?

The omnic breakout started in Lafayette and Rose and her battalion later retreated to the Baton Rouge quarters, but other than that, Rose had never been out of the state. After she became the Conjureress and started going on tour she got a better taste of the world in the many places she visited.


18. What did they find abroad, and what did they remember?


Inspiration, and humanity in all of its glory and corruption. She remembers the children smiling the most though, the awe in their eyes as they tried to grasp the unknown. She looks for it in every show she performs.


19. What were your character’s deepest disillusions? In life? What are they now?


When she was a child it was the isolation her powers brought on and how far she felt from others. At this point in life, she feels as if her line of work is a useless endeavor, she can only help so many people and it’s starting to feel like a never-ending battle. She’s also woefully lonely but refuses to admit it to her close friends and family. She’s afraid she’ll always be isolated so she doesn’t bother owning up to it.


20. What were the most deeply impressive political or social, national or international, events that they experienced?


Her brief stint in Overwatch.


21. What are your character’s manners like? What is their type of hero? Whom do they hate?


The more polite she is with you the more she probably dislikes you. If she says “bless your heart” she probably wants you dead. Otherwise she’s neutral to warm to most people. Her type of hero isn’t the kind you see on the front paper, she likes those who do the little things and are consistent about their work.

She hates people who equivocate and make assumptions. She also dislikes people who don’t know how to smile.


22. Who are their friends? Lovers? ‘Type’ or ‘ideal’ partner?


Reba, Mercy, and McCree are her friends from Overwatch and she still keeps in touch with them when she can. Genji is a more recent friend and they get along well. Her Ex is Ava and they ceased communication after Rose was discharged. Her ideal partner is someone truthful and unafraid.


23. What do they want from a partner? What do they think and feel of sex?


Honesty. Enjoys it, but doesn’t need it to function