way the common people could have more of a say, but if that happens, I  can't achieve what needs to be done!"

"You really are a radical,"  Toph says in surprise and then yanks his shoulder towards her so that  he's forced to look right at her.

"You," she says firmly. "are an  idiot. You're being much too hard on yourself. And you don't have to be  alone. I mean, I'm not too great at this sort of thing," she says  quickly. "but problems with unity and balance sounds like Avatar stuff.  I'm sure Twinkletoes would be happy to stop by and help out."

"They  hate Aang here," Zuko says miserably. "Almost as much as they hate me.  Besides, he's done his part, and he and Katara are married now…I don't  want to intrude on that. And Uncle's just getting the quiet life he  wanted in Ba Sing Se…this is something I have to do myself."

"But you're killing yourself," Toph wants to say, but before she can even open her mouth, there are footsteps on the stairs.

"Someone's coming," she hisses, and Zuko drags her to the far end of the hall and around the corner.

"I think we've taken a wrong turn somewhere," a man's voice says on the other end of the hallway.

"A  wrong turn? We walked up two flights of stairs, you imbecile!" a female  voice replies and Toph gets into her fighting stance and is about to  throw them out the second floor window when she realizes the absurdity  of the situation.

"Uh, Sparky?" she asks quietly, even though the  couple is arguing so loudly that they probably wouldn't be able to hear  her even if she was speaking in her normal voice. "Why are we hiding from your guests?"

"Because  I don't want to talk to them," he whispers moodily. "What are they  still doing here anyway? I only left a little early. The party should be  over by now."

Suddenly, completely out of nowhere, Toph  becomes acutely aware of Zuko's hand which is still on her upper arm,  the scent of his skin mere inches away from hers, and the conspiratorial  way he's pressed against the wall. She swallows and thinks. "No, no,  no, don't you dare," but it is only a small part of her that she finds easy to ignore.

"Zuko,"  she says softly. He turns to look at her, and she feels his cheeks heat  up, just a little. He's probably just realized how close they are. But  he doesn't move away. She feels his heart rate speed up and his next  inhale is a little too sharp. And while two nobles argue just several  doors down, Toph leans in and kisses him.

If the world made sense,  Zuko would've stiffened up and pushed her away. If the world made  sense, Toph probably wouldn't've kissed him in the first place. But the  world does not make sense, so Zuko puts his arm around her waist and  kisses her back.

"This is insane," Toph thinks, and presses herself closer to his chest, hands reaching to wrap around his neck and grip his hair.

Zuko is a surprisingly good kisser. It's not that she thought he would be awful…well,  okay, maybe she did. He just doesn't seem like the type considering all  the awkward stuttering and how uptight he was, especially when they  went to see that stupid play on Ember Island. (Well, okay, the ending  was stupid. But Toph still maintains that the beginning was pure gold.)

Either  way, she sure as hell isn't complaining and brings one hand up to touch  his face. She breaks away as her fingers span his chin, the bridge of  his nose, the sides of his face up to the burn scar that she didn't know  existed until Katara mentioned it, days after Zuko joined them. Even  though Toph has gotten better at 'seeing' details-to the point that she  can use Earthbending to feel the contours of people's faces if they are  close enough-there is no substitute for touch. Some of her former lovers  were unnerved by her need to map out their faces, but Zuko gives no  sign of moving away and stands still, letting her examine his face, his  hot breath fanning the side of her face.

She presses her mouth to  his again, hand still cupping his scar. It is bigger than she thought it  would be, extending far beyond the hairline, shriveling his left ear.  It is eight years old, but it doesn't even feel half that. It feels  painful and raw.

Everyone knows the story how Fire Lord Zuko got  his scar, but it only became common knowledge after the war. Toph  remembers feeling sick when she first heard it. How could a father consciously do that to his child? she  remembers thinking