you know," he joked, advancing slowly.

"Tch," he muttered, Erwin tackling him on to the couch before he began unbuttoning his shirt. "I don't have time now Shitwin," he said, pushing him away. "She's going to be wondering what's taking so long if you keep this up." He sat up and straightened his appearance.

"Fine," he groaned. "Just come back later then." He ruffled his hair, and Levi shook it back, flashing him an irritated glare while he re-parted it messily with his hands. "And tell her I'll see what I can do."

 The two titans were tied down firmly, hands and feet bolted to the floor. Their necks were secured with ropes, and they couldn't so much as look sideways. Hanji was jumping with excitement, and Levi patted him on the back. "Good job Shitwin, you did something right. And no casualties either," he smiled. Erwin couldn't help but smile back, after all it wasn't just because Hanji was happy that he was pleased; this was still a major advancement for humanity.

"Hey, Moblit," Levi snapped.

"Yessir?" Moblit squeaked back, not making eye contact, instead staring straight ahead petrified.

"You see her?" Levi asked, pointing at Hanji with his sword while she mumbled about how many teeth the captives had. "If she gets so much as a scratch on her by the end of this, I'll assume it's your fault, and this sword will be shoved so far up your ass, you'll be sneezing razor blades. Got it?"

"But sir-!" he said, paling even more. 

"Personally. Accountable." He repeated, tapping the swords again.

Hanji leaned in closer to get a better angle. "That's it, just open your mouth a little wider..."

"Squad leader!" he said, running over and pulling her back in the nick of time.

Erwin chuckled a little under his breath. "I've got to hand it to you Levi, you know how to keep people you care about alive." A shadow crossed his face, and Erwin immediately regretted his choice of words. "I mean-"

"It's fine," he said, not moving. "That's long over."

 As far as Erwin knew, nobody besides them were even aware. Not that they'd be public about it even if it was common knowledge, but the engagement rings looked so pretty he almost wished they could.

"Hey, brat," Levi said, nuzzling his chest under the covers. "Stop looking at it for one bloody minute and enjoy your fucking time with me. For all we know, a giant titan could appear and eat us in the next thirty seconds."

"Sorry," he smiled, tucking the hand with the silver band on it begin Levi and cuddling him. "I keep forgetting I've got the real deal here." 

They snuggled silently until Erwin thought about what he'd said again.

"Are you nervous or something?" Levi asked, sitting up. He flinched as the bandaged ankle brushed against the mattress in the wrong way.

"Yeah. Just nervous about the expedition tomorrow," he admitted. "I've just got a bad feeling."

"Don't be. There've been a thousand before it, and there'll be more after. And besides that, it's still inside Wall Maria, so we know the turf better."

At that moment, a series of heavy footsteps echoed down the hallway. There was no time to react before the door flew open.

"Commander-" Mike gasped, before noticing the situation he was in. He stared blankly from Levi to Erwin, then hiccoughed mildly. "This isn't the best time, is it?"

Erwin sighed loudly and Levi just held his head in his hands. "No, it's not, but you're here, so out with it."

"Yes sir," he said, shielding his eyes out of respect. "Wall Rose has been breached, our scouts have seen titans roaming the plains."

"What?!" Erwin said, sitting up. "Alright, Levi, stay here. I'm going with Mike."

"What do you think I am, a sock puppet? I'm coming too," he growled.

"No, you're hurt, and-"

"If anything, you should stay. The Scouts need a politician right now, not a potential mass murderer."

"Both would be nice," he grumbled, and Levi patted his arm, then kissed him as though Mike wasn't even there.

"I'll be fine Shitwin."

"Ok," Erwin muttered and kissed him back, though he didn't like the twisting in his gut.

Levi got up and put his clothes on quickly, Mike half closing the door for the sake of privacy. He stood and walked out far too soon though, limping a little to the left.

Having your arm bitten off