between Niall’s cheek and he felt the boy’s rim twitch and leak more of the sweet smelling fluid on his finger. He brought his finger to his nose to smell the intoxicating lubricant before he licked a little bit off. He closed his eyes and let out a soft noise of satisfaction before the sound of Niall moaning brought him back to attention. He looked down at the boy, still lazily stroking his cock before he felt it twitch in his hand and Niall let out a loud cry as he came on Zayn’s hand.

“Damn Niall.” He moaned out, looking down at the blonde. Niall looked like an absolute mess; his blonde hair disheveled and his face flushed red and sweaty. The blush traveled down to Niall’s chest, and even though he just came Niall’s cock was still hard in Zayn’s hand. The older boy let go of Niall’s cock, earning a whine and squirm from the blonde. “Zayn.” Niall croaked out, but he was silenced when he was pushed further back onto the bed and felt the mattress dip as Zayn knelt at the edge of it.

“Niall you have no idea what you’re doing to me right now.” Zayn breathed out as he settled his head in between Niall’s legs and breathed over the young boy’s cock. He loved the way it twitched and leaked precum every time he breathed or licked it. Niall was moaning and squirming on the bed again, and Zayn grabbed the boy’s legs to keep him still. With a smirk Zayn lifted Niall’s legs over his shoulder before he grabbed Niall’s ass with his hands. He spread the boy’s cheeks, watching the boy’s rim twitch. Before Niall could even realize what Zayn was doing the older boy was already buried with his face in Niall’s ass, his tongue wildly wiggling past the boy’s rim. It tasted like nothing Zayn had ever tasted before, way sweeter and better than anything he could imagine.

Niall’s legs wrapped around the back of Zayn’s head and he cried out as he felt Zayn eating him out. He was shaking with the arousal he felt every time Zayn’s tongue massaging along his wall or the boy sucked on his rim, his mind racing. He felt so pleased, utterly blissed out as Zayn continued to assault his ass. Zayn’s tongue circled his rim and Niall began to lose himself in the pleasure of it all. Zayn clearly knew what he was doing, and seemed to be enjoying it just as much as Niall was. The boy’s ass was sweet and he loved the noises that Niall made as he ate him out.

Above him Niall cried out, a white heat building in the pit of his stomach. He cried out Zayn’s name weakly as he came for the second time, his cock twitching as he spurt his load over himself. Zayn let out a loud moan as Niall leaked slick into his mouth and when he pulled away his lips and chin were shiny with the boy’s slick. “Fuck baby you taste so good, could eat you out all day.” He breathed out, making Niall moan softly at the thought.

“No, Z-Zayn.” He choked out as he looked up at him with glossy eyes. “Hurts, make… stop it hurts.” He whined. He was silenced when Zayn began to peel off his shirt before pulling his belt off. He watched as Zayn began to strip, mesmerized by the man in front of him. He always thought Zayn was attractive, but this was different seeing Zayn like this- his muscular chest and arms, the tattoos and ink littering his skin. His eyes traced over Zayn’s abs and the v line of his waist as Zayn slipped out of his jeans, leaving him in a pair of tight black briefs and very little left for Niall’s imagination. He could see the outline of Zayn’s hard cock through the briefs, bigger than Niall had expected it to. He stared with a mesmerized expression as Zayn peeled his briefs off, revealing his massive, thick cock. It was tanned like the rest of Zayn’s body and curved near the top, and at least a good nine inches long.

“You do this to me baby, make me so hard. Feel like I could cum just from eating you out, make me so hard.” He said, his eyes dark with lust. There was no going back from where they were now, they both knew what was going to happen and neither of them wanted anything different. Niall laid there before he whined. “It hurts Z.” he choked out with tears in his eyes. His stomach was aching and Zayn crawled over to him. “Shh baby, I know it does. I’ll make it feel better baby, going to give you what you need.” He said as he kissed from Niall’s cheek down the boy’s neck. Niall let out shaky breaths as he let his hand rub over Zayn’s muscular chest.

“Zayn… I….