bottle, making Riley some food.  There was a knock on the door and Dean frowned.  He gave Riley the bottle and sat her in the height chair, smiling as she sucked on her bottle happily.  He opened the door and was pushed aside by Gabriel.  "Where's Cas?"  Dean blanked for a moment, "backyard. On the porch. Why-"  Gabriel was already walking away.  "What? Gabriel!"  Dean grabbed Riley, making sure she had a hold of her bottle and followed Gabriel.  He found Cas and him speaking.  "Michael's over at their house trying to meditate things. Shits not going great."  Dean and Cas frowned. Dean shifted Riley, "what is Cas supposed to do bout it if Michael can't?"  Gabriel sighed and rolled his eyes, looking at Dean, "he could try and help- look. Don't you have to take care of Riley or Sam or something. This is kinda family business."  Dean straightened and his face hardened, "oh I'm sorry. I thought Cas being my mate considered me family."  Gabriel and Dean stared hard at each other, Cas sighed.  "Omega-"  Dean turned his hard stare on him, "Alpha."  Cas sighed again, "Dean just let me deal with this. Okay?"  Dean huffed, "fine." He gave Riley to him and added, "I'm going out. Watch them."  Dean went inside and grabbed his keys and phone, calling Benny.  ~~~~~~~~  Dean laughed as he took a sip of his water.  He was at a bar with a couple buddies from work and Benny, laughing at a joke one of them made.  His co-worker Mark turned to him, "so Dean, why aren't you having a beer like the rest of us? Don't tell me you gone sober."  Dean smiled, running a hand down his stomach, "at least sober for 8 more months." Though Dean knew it'd be longer than even that, he can't drink if he wants to breastfeed.  Everyone's eyebrows but Benny's went up, "you're carrying? You and Cas tried again?"  Dean smiled, "no, we didn't try but we didn't really protect ourselves against it."  "How old is Riley now?"  "She's 2. She'll be three soon. She's so excited to be a big sister."  Dean's phone rang and he looked at the caller ID, seeing it was Cas, he ignored it.  His co-workers oo-ed.  "Cas in the doghouse?"  Dean grinned, "ya he is. Me and him had a fight before I came so."  His phone vibrated again.  "Looks like he really wants to talk to you."  Dean shrugged, "he can talk to me later. So..."  ~~~~~~~~  Dean laughed and patted his co-worker Bill on the back, "I'll see you at work man."  Bill nodded, "see you Dean, Benny."  Benny nodded at him and the man turned around and left.  Dean turned and smiled at Benny, "so. That thing going on with that girl still going strong?"  Benny grinned a goofy smile, "Ya... I'm thinkin' she the one brotha."  Dean's eyebrows rose, "shit man. I knew you said that early on in the relationship. But it's been what? Two and a half years now? She's it, huh?"  Benny nodded, "ya. She's the one. I just haven't talked to her about it yet."  Dean smiled, "well I know she'll say yes. Hell, if you were into guys and I wasn't already mated, I'd give you a shot."  Dean winked at Benny, who snorted a laugh.  Dean's phone rang again and he sighed, pulling it out. Cas's ID popped on the screen.  Benny gave him a small smile, "just answer it brotha'."  Dean answered the call, "ya?"  "De?"  Dean straightened, "hi baby boy. Whatcha doing calling me from Cassie's phone?"  He swore he could hear crying on the line.  "Is Riley crying?"  "She won't stop, no matter what Cassie does. She keeps crying for Da and shoving her fist in her mouth. Cassie's getting stressed out. Gabriel is no help."  Dean could hear the crying get louder and then Cas's voice, which was strained, "who is that Sam? You know better than to use my phone without asking."  There was a pause in talking, only Riley's crying, "Dean?"  "What's going on?"  Cas sighed, "Riley won't stop crying. I've tried everything."  "Sam tells me she's putting her fist in her mouth?"  "Ya, she is."  Dean cursed quietly, "her baby teeth must be growing in. We don't have any teething toys. I'll