Not like expected.

„3 years since we were freed from the underground2 years since the human died1 year since the Uprising was beaten down and Undyne killedToday, life at the surface sucks“

You would have thought life was getting better after the barrier has been broken, but nobody could have known how horrrible humans can be.

The human tried to communicate with his people showing them that living with monsters in harmony was possible, but it was like they didn´t even want to try. We got angry and disgusted glances everywhere, it was only a matter of time for them to notice how supiror they acutally were to us

The human really tried, they were in no fault, but humanity is cruel.After only a year they were shot whilst trying to speak to the masses, the shooter was put in Jail, but from there on we had noone speaking for us and everything went downhill from there on. 

They seperated us, we had to live in special areas and were not allowed to walk the streets at day, we would frighten the children. There were many who still tried to communicate and there still are, but in the end it did nothing good. Undyne had enough after some time and mobiled some people trying what she could do best, to fight. They never had a chance. 3 Month after she started the uprising she was killed and the members of the resistance scattered. It only made the situation worse. Now we were violent beasts in some eyes. Most people fleed back in the underground, but humans came regulary to steal everything, calling it taxes, most of us didn´t have much and were taken away after some time. My mother was took only a few month after we fled back down. She hid me under the bed, Now I´m living on the surface in one of the restricted areas working the night at one of the bars which can only exist thanks to Grillby sharing his secret formulars and us keeping the prices so low, that it is even to cheap to call a bargain.But without our guests giving generous trinkets we still would be royally fucked.Most guests are actually pretty nice, people who aren´t afraid, nor try to terrorize us and overall decent beeings, some I would even consider calling friends.I am tired now, I still hope this journel will be of some use, one day, other than distracting me at night till I can close my eyes sinking in deep -hopefully- dreamless sleep.

„BIEP, BIEP, BIEP“ a head was smashed on the alarm. „21:30“ said the clock.Mk slowly rolled out of bed, there was still a glimse of the setting sun shining through the few open slots of the louvre that could not be entirely closed since he moved in. MK got out of bed to open them just a little bit more, enough to let a few more rays of sunlight in the room to enjoy the feeling of the few moments of natural light he is given. For that it is worth getting up early