nightingale. Hanzo looked on, the furrow in his brow the only tell of his rising frustration.

McCree stopped strumming. "What favour are we talkin’ about anyhow?"

Hanzo was grinding his teeth by that point. Patience evaporated, he yanked McCree up by the arm. "Come with me."

"Woah! Where we goin' partner?"

"Somewhere private."

…

 

They ended up in Hanzo's room, McCree cornered by the archer against the wall and feeling like a teenager that had just got picked in spin the bottle. He could barely hold back the giddy smile that tugged at the corners of his lips as Hanzo pressed close.

That imperious gaze that so often could be mistaken for disdain was all smoke and fire, deep coffee-black eyes staring up at McCree through long lashes. McCree felt like he ought to gulp in response, but all he could do was grin. "You coulda just said it was that kinda favour, Hanzo."

"I am not as shameless as you," he replied, mouth close enough for McCree to feel the warmth from his skin but too far to kiss without moving.

Hanzo held him against the wall, one hand firm at his shoulder, the other working its way down McCree's front. It slid down the bulk of his chest to his belly, stopping to pinch gently at the ring of padding around his midriff, before it continued down over his belt and palmed the length of his dick through his pants.McCree hissed through his teeth, startled by the sudden friction.

"I hadn't repaid my debt to you from our time in the showers," Hanzo murmured, eyes intent. "You may have forgotten already, but you quite outdid yourself that time."

McCree hadn't forgotten, but he wasn't about to interrupt.

"You…" Hanzo paused, searching for the appropriate word, "... spoiled me until I was overwhelmed by pleasure. It ached me for the rest of the day, well into the night in fact. An obscene reminder of your affection."

"I've been called a lot of things in my time, but obscene is a rare one," McCree replied. He pressed closer into Hanzo's space, eager and willing. The hand squeezed, feeling the weight of him.

"I've had dreams of it since," Hanzo continued, seductive as tobacco smoke. "Dreams of you. Above me. Undoing me," He tilted his head upwards so that their lips could brush. "It is only just, that I return the favour."

McCree groaned and closed the gap to kiss him. His hands snapped to Hanzo's hips, grinding the two of them together. Hanzo kissed back; soft lips, warm tongue, blunt teeth pulled on McCree's lower lip. His hands slid up over McCree's belly then down the front of his shirt, popping buttons like some sort of magic trick. He slid them up under McCree's undershirt, pads of his fingers curling into the coarse, curly hair that grew all over him.

Hanzo let McCree hold him, broad hands on his hips, roaming to his shoulders, the small of his back. The man kissed as if he had been starving himself just for this. Hanzo groped at McCree's soft belly, enjoying the squish of fat and the firmness of muscle just beneath the surface, the texture of the hair and the heat of his skin. He threaded a leg between McCree's and pushed his knee up enough to grind. McCree let out another low rumbling groan in response.

"Oh, Hanzo-" he breathed. His cock was beginning to strain against the fabric of his pants. "Oh- shit, you're too good at this."

It was Hanzo's turn to smirk. McCree pursed his lips, eyes closed as the knee between his legs pressed up against the base of his cock, the seam of his jeans rubbing him just enough to be taunting. A hand returned to palm and stroke at the shape of it hard against his thigh. Hanzo's strong, slender fingers ran down the length of it like the shaft of an arrow, curving around to tease the head. McCree rolled his eyes heavenward, ready to pray for salvation from torture.

He didn't have to pray long. The loud sound of a zipper pulled, and Hanzo was pulling it free. He let McCree's jeans slip down to mid-thigh, fingers only just supporting the weight of his cock. Hanzo glided his hand upwards to the base of it, thumb on top, fingers cupped underneath.

 He kept his eyes focused on McCree's as he slid the hand back down to close a fist around the head. McCree's face was flushed, breathing deep even as his heart hammered hard enough that he was sure Hanzo could feel his pulse through his dick. God damn, that man undid him like a shoelace on a hike. He shouldn't be half this hard this soon.

Hanzo slowly stroked his hand along the shaft - not lazy, but not too strict either. He kissed the corner of McCree'