anything but "OK" a difficult response, and it wasn't like you could really say no to Kirigiri anyway. Your first protest is to being trouble for your hosts; your parents raised you to be considerate, and you do your best to be thoughtful for being a typical teenage boy. But when you think about it, nothing ever seems like too much trouble for Kirigiri. When she says she can book plane tickets, hussle you through an airport, and arrange for a guest room, you really have no choice but to believe her whole-heartedly. That's just how she is.

"Leon's going to America," you're saying, shifting in the window seat. "Isn't that amazing? He'll actually be playing with the big leagues."

"No," she says over the rim of her coffee cup. "He'll be hitchhiking down to Hollywood any chance he gets."

"Think he'll get a big break?"

"That is certainly wishful thinking, Naegi."

You laugh. "That is my best attribute."

She gives you a corner-quirked smile and a second-length fond look, and you are flummoxed again. You feel like a kid for it, but you're breaching ridiculous levels of excitement on the inside—you really do feel like luck has become a factor in your life since your admission to Hope's Peak, except that your luck generally comes in the form of your maladjusted classmates. Some days, you find it difficult to believe that you are all from the same species, or that your high school life and your junior high days even exist in the same universe.

The most salient shock would have to be Kirigiri. She swept you up in a different way from the rest of your new friends, she blew your mind with a kiss and a mystery. Those often came hand in hand, in fact. To this moment, you are pleasantly stumped by the fact that Kirigiri actually mentioned you to her much-revered grandfather, and further stumped by his expressed desire to meet you in the flesh. You might have helped out in some paltry class mysteries (and the one-that-cannot-be-mentioned. You hate to think about it.) but you have a feeling Kirigiri may have touted your capabilities a bit too much or something.

Which is a funny thought, because level-headed Kirigiri doesn't exaggerate, right?

Then again, here you thought she wouldn't whisk you away to her childhood home halfway around the globe, but she did. You sneak a glance at her: she's fixed on her coffee and her case files, now, and you'll ask what they are but some other time.

She's so solemn and so aloof and so constant, but she's still the most enigmatic thing to ever grace your dead-average life. In the same breath, you might say she's the best thing to ever happen to you, too—if you were a tad more given to romantic poetry, and if she hadn't put your existence in jeopardy in more than one instance. On that subject, mystery #3233 since admission to Hope's Peak: why are you so fulfilled hanging around people who pose threats of grievous injury to you? It's almost as if you're a masochist. You think of Touko Fukawa, shudder, and banish the thought in an instant.

You tilt your head 'til your head thunks against the plexiglass, but there's nothing to see but waves and sky. You're not quite sure what to expect out of England, but it definitely can't be that bad. Especially because you're starting to think you can learn more about Kirigiri and her childhood and what's important to her. It's a guilty thought, for the fantastical idiot in you values all her mystery, but your nebulous lack of knowledge about someone you really, really admire can get irritating, too. There's nothing you can learn about her that won't make you like her more, you're sure of that.

But maybe you are still a little antsy about the Kirigiri patriarch and how colossally you will fail to meet his expectations.

Clearing your throat, you tap her on the arm. She glances up.

"I might have asked before," you begin, casual-like, "but what kind of man is your grandfather, Kirigiri-san?"

"He's one of the greatest detectives in the world," she responds, immediate but thoughtful. "He's solved hundreds of cases previously thought unsolvable, and is employed by several world-renowned organizations, like the CIA or Scotland Yard." She side-eyes you for a moment, seeking a reaction. It must not be to her liking, because after a glimpse, she looks away again.

"You're wondering about him on a less professional level and a more personal one," she says, half a question prompt.

"Uh, yeah. I guess," you confirm, "That is what I meant