no, I love your voice,” answered Erestor, and he watched the reaction he received carefully. There were questions, as expected. 

“You love my voice?” 

“Mmm.” Erestor nodded and sipped his wine. 

Glorfindel swung his legs back around so that he was properly facing Erestor again. “How long has this been going on? Is this a recent discovery, or something you decided long ago?” 

“Mmm... Mmmhmm,” he nodded again, smiling secretively. It was one or the other, but neither would he reveal, not now, not yet at least. 

Resting back in the chair, Glorfindel let the topic slide away, at least for now. “So... you never answered my initial question.” 

“Ah, yes. Phrases that turn me on. Do you want them all at once, or one at a time?” Erestor stood up and tended to the fire. 

“No need to rush through them, love,” suggested Glorfindel. “It would also please me to know why you choose each one.” 

“Alright.” Erestor did not return to his chair, but instead leaned against the wall beside the fireplace, looking down into the hearth as if the answers were held in the flames. “Strip.” 

“Gladly,” came Glorfindel’s quick response. 

“No, I meant-“ But Glorfindel was already on his feet, approaching Erestor, whose voice had become lodged in his throat. Swallowing, he nodded for Glorfindel to proceed when the other elf paused. 

With his legs spread slightly apart, Glorfindel made a show of removing his clothes, a simple tunic with a sash around the waist which he used in an unconventional manner before tossing it aside so that he could let the tunic slide off his shoulders, and a pair of loose pants meant for sleeping which were untied and left to drop to the ground. Stepping forward out of them and so he was closer to Erestor, Glorfindel reached his hands behind his head. At first, Erestor felt a rush to his groin, thinking Glorfindel was about to present himself in a most vulnerable position, but he exhaled as the slayer began to unravel the braids that held back his namesake. “Why does that one word delight you so?” he asked, eyeing up the bulge that was evident of his success in arousing his companion. 

“Because such a small word holds such great power, and says so much. It is not simply ‘undress’ or ‘disrobe’, which do not carry the same weight,” Erestor said in explanation. 

Glorfindel nodded slowly in agreement, letting his hair fall into more defined waves than were natural. “What next?” he asked, weaving his fingers together with his hands behind his back. 

Licking his lips, Erestor shifted his stance and tried to discretely adjust his straining erection. “Come to me,” he whispered, looking straight into Glorfindel’s eyes. 

“Don’t you mean, ‘for me’?” teased the warrior elf, but when Erestor leered and crooked his finger, there was no doubt. “Why?” ghosted Glorfindel’s voice back as he slowly approached. 

Erestor’s fingers slid down Glorfindel’s arms once he was within distance, pulling them apart so that each of his hands held one of Glorfindel’s. “Total trust without hesitation. Intimacy.” 

“Control,” added Glorfindel, which Erestor did not deny. “And now? How do you command me?” 

Shaking his head, Erestor said, “I do not know what to say to you. I know what I want, but I cannot find a phrase that you would understand.” 

“Can you show me then?” 

Timidly, Erestor moved the hands he held up behind Glorfindel’s neck. Understanding without words to guide him, Glorfindel laced his fingers together behind his head and closed his eyes with a faint smile on his lips. Erestor nudged one of Glorfindel’s feet, and the blond moved his legs a little further apart. When Glorfindel opened his eyes, he did not see Erestor, for the dark elf had circled behind him to inspect his lover. He disconnected Glorfindel’s hands to untangle the errant strands of hair caught hastily in his grasp before allowing him to resume the position. 

Back around at the front, Glorfindel gave his complete attention to Erestor. There were unspoken words on Erestor’s lips, and Glorfindel prodded him. “Yes?” 

“On your knees, Fin.” The words rolled off of his tongue as if it were not the first time they had been said. Glorfindel complied, lowering himself gracefully without removing his hands or repositioning his feet. With his green eyes looking up toward Erestor, Glorfindel was a flawless image of submission, and Erestor could not help but groan quietly at the sight. “You are extraordinary. Such power... such pride... pushed aside, for me.” 

“Always and anytime you wish,” answered Glorfindel, “I kneel before you.” 

“You submit yourself to me,” he whispered in awe, adding this new phrase to the ones that already turned him on, remembering this image of his lover, passively presenting himself. 

“Yes. But you have yet to tell me what