list was long. Whether or not Yami was granted any privileges was completely up to Mokuba's discretion. Questioning instructions was expressly forbidden. Even if he'd been a good boy and suffered in the bathroom, that didn't entitle him to anything he wanted. Yami knew that, and Mokuba knew that he did - so he couldn't let it slide.

Three strokes. He made them sharp. Across the left thigh, dangerously close to the center. Mokuba smiled with satisfaction when a loud hiss reached his ears.

It was no secret that Yami enjoyed even the slightest sting. Though he remained silent, the other signs were less obvious. Yami always rolled his shoulders when relaxing after a strike, a scratch, a squeeze; his fingers closed into fists; and this was aside from his cock hardening, breath quickening, his skin growing flush. It was a little upsetting, really. Yami had done so well so far to keep his desire in check.

Yami looked down and away, face covered in a light shade of pink. "And I didn't answer you properly, Mokuba, when I fetched the things you asked for." He hated blushing, too.

"I'm glad you pointed it out. Does one instead of two sound fair?" Mokuba tried not to look too pleased as he let the cane fly across Yami's skin once more, this time on the other thigh. The strike itself was flexible, a pop on the skin rather than a smack. Pale skin beneath puckered until it was a gentle pink just like the others, in a neat line. Yami would never know it, but he'd been practicing. It was easy to see why the cane was a must have item. It didn't draw blood and welts didn't have to be obvious. He could control the size, even. Beginners like him could eventually become good at it without much trouble.

With that out of the way, Mokuba took his seat again and Yami scurried off to put the cane away. This hadn't been the direction he'd planned for, but he would make use of it. "I think your problem is that you're not appreciative." He held up a hand to head off any protest.

True to form, Yami opened his mouth, then closed it. "So you're going to stand there and watch me finish this first. When I'm done, I think I'll have you provide me with some service. You're going to suck me off and if you do it good enough, I'll let you sit at the table while you eat."

Again, there was that hungry stare. It seemed almost cruel to keep him away from dinner. "Can I speak freely, Mokuba?" Yami was already moving closer.

Mokuba chuckled. "Always. Just at your own risk."

Arms wrapped tightly around his torso, the pillow he held stuck out behind him."Could I… just do it now?" He paused, shifting his weight from one foot to another, holding himself as he admitted, "I didn't think you were coming back."

The fact that Yami thought him capable of that was off putting. "That's ridiculous."

Yami took another step, then eased down and onto his knees. "You don't have to move at all. Eat, if you want. Ignore me. Just let me. Please. I need to touch you." He pulled himself underneath the wooden table.

Mokuba wasn't sure what to do. Yami's tone was oddly serious, and he couldn't decipher the emotion behind it. Were they still playing? Should they stop? "Yami…?"

The man in question seemed to sense the worry in Mokuba's voice. "I'm fine. I just… I couldn't handle being left alone." Yami nuzzled the inside of his legs. With gentle touches, he nudged them apart. "I'm so lucky," he professed, cheeks grazing against fabric.

The table blocked Mokuba's view of his face. Tingles ran up his legs with each one of Yami's caresses; he was a sucker for tenderness. But as he shifted to pull the chair back, firm hands stopped him from moving. "Wait—"

"Don't look, Mokuba." Yami's voice was eerily calm. "I'm going to cry and I don't want you to watch."

And just like that, Mokuba lost control of the scene. He knew how sensitive Yami was about others seeing him vulnerable. If he was asking for consideration, it must have been serious. How could he say no to a request that sincere?

"…okay."

Yami's voice was breathy when he spoke again. "I'm sorry for being impatient. I've been good all day, I promise." He nuzzled Mokuba again, fingers clinging. "I didn't touch myself and Gods know I wanted to. I still won't." When Yami exhaled, it was shaky. "