arms around Steve's waist too, into his stomach. When the elevator door started closing, the avengers could see that Steve had started crying a little bit more when he tried to tell Bucky what happened.

Damn.

Steve is ashamed of how he acted in front of everyone.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

It took them about 2 minutes to get to their floor (they never left from inside the elevator) and Steve wasn't crying as much or as hard as he was when they were on the same floor as the others. Steve wasn't all the way calm yet, but he was calm enough to the point were he could talk right. Steve felt like a poop. He should've gotten over his fear of dogs after he had gotten the serum. He knows that the dogs can't hurt him as much as they did when he was smaller and weaker but the fear was still there. It made him angry! How can he jump off buildings and planes but still be scared of a dog who's barely passing his knees? He's not even afraid of getting shot or beaten down! But he's still scared of a small animal. His team must be ashamed to call him their lead-

"Steve, talk to me." Steve snapped out of his internal beatdown and looked at Bucky.

"Huh? What did you say?"

"I was asking you what were you thinking about?" Steve can't tell him that he was thinking about how much of a dumbass and disappointment that he was...

"I was... I was thinking about... I-"

"Steve, don't lie to me." Of course Bucky's going to know that Steve is lying to him. When does he ever not?

"Bucky I'm not-!"

"Yes you are. I bet you're thinking about shit that's not true huh?"

"No! What I'm thinking is very true!" Shut up Steve! Shut up!

"Oh yeah? Watcha' thinking Stevie?" Bucky moved their bodies into the elevator wall that was facing the door and placed Steve on the handle, still leaving his arms around Steve's waist.

"Uh - a - well-" Steve's stuttering so Bucky knows it's something he's not gonna like. Hell, he already knew it was going to be something he didn't like when Steve had started spacing out when he was talking.

"If it was something true then you wouldn't have a problem saying it." Bucky narrowed his eyes.

"What is it Steve? Tell me right now."

"Bucky I-" Steve sighed, he might as well tell Bucky now. I can't hide how I'm feeling from him too long. He'll already suspect.

"I was thinking...about how dumb I acted back there and how the team might be thinking about how the hell I got put as their leader... I mean, I'm definitely sure they feel disguste - "

"Don't you ever fucking think that Steve!" Steve gasped. Bucky was fuming! Now Bucky's mad at him too and now -

"You better not think that I'm mad at you Steve!" Well shit, you sound like it.

"But- b-b-Bucky-!"

"Don't 'but Bucky' me!  Steve, you need to not think that every time something happened to you, that everyone is going to be mad. If anybody has a problem with how scared you were, then they can take that up with me!" No! Bucky will not fight Steve's battles for him!

"I can fight my own battles Bucky! I don't need you to -"

"I know you don't 'need' me to Steve! But I want too! I damn well know that you aren't some damsel in distress but still, I want to fight for you and I want you to let me!"  Steve was just too shocked. Bucky wanted to fight his battles. Bucky knows that he doesn't need to fight his battles cause he know that Steve can handle his own, but yet he wants too. When did Steve ever deserve someone like Bucky? Steve couldn't help the tears that came out and he tried to wipe them away before Bucky could see them but he knows that was a lost cause. Bucky pulled Steve closer to him and put his face into Steve's stomach.

"Look Stevie... I'm sorry-" His muffled sentence was interrupted when Steve had bent down a little to hug Bucky's head. Steve cried into Bucky's hair and held on tight. He sniffed and sniffed before he spoke.

"Bucky... you don't need to apologize. I'm just... I'm just wondering how I deserved someone like you." His voice was cracking and more tears were falling in Bucky's hair.

"I'm so sorry that you ended up with someone as dumb as me Buck." Steve felt really bad