be redirecting his frustrations on him and arguing with Akashi would only lead to even more bickering. He didn’t want that.

“Why did you accept my proposal then?” Furihata inquires despite his conclusion but it’s not meant to criticize. It’s a genuine question.


“Because you begged me to.”


He turned a little red at that “D-did not!”

“Akashi-san please help me, there's evidence that it’s more than a regular fire! I can’t do it alone and the only one with enough influence is you—so please!” Akashi cruelly imitates, his chuckle growing loud with each passing second. “Something like that, am I wrong?”

“That’s not begging.” Furihata denounced, lips pursed.

“Oh?” Akashi hums skeptically.


“I would have done a better job if I wanted to beg.”


“Enlighten me.” the amusement laced in Akashi’s voice didn’t escape him and Furihata was more than happy to obliged.


“On my knees, dog costume and all. Maybe a little frosting on the side to go with it too”


“How quaint.” Akashi muses “is that what they teach newly recruits now-a-days?”


“Rumors say Akashi Seijurou has a thing for dogs—”


“Obedient dogs” Akashi corrects, the playfulness gone, replaced with a familiar stern tone. “The big cheese is being approached.”

“I don’t see any backup with him.” Akashi adds.

“None here either” he says, replying to the unspoken question.

Furihata continues to observes from his vantage point but sadly all the action is happening over at Akashi’s. Regardless, he stood watch, waiting for Akashi to give an order but several minutes had passed and he was already greeted with the distinct sound of the earpiece transmitting.


“Alright. Let’s call it in.”



“What? Just like that? They just arrived, how—”


“We leave now.” Akashi affirms roughly.

He doesn’t question further and packs up his camera. Hurriedly, he makes way back to the car all while trying to dodge the city cameras. He didn’t need the officials to know that he was taking the case on his own or it will backfire. It’s bad enough that his enthusiasm for it had warranted looks of contempt from his peers saying that he’s just unnecessarily prolonging it. But he believed the children deserved justice, after all, they’d have to be moved to a different facility—away from the friends they’d already made in their previous institution; already abandoned by parents, they didn’t need to be separated from the only ones they’ve known.

As expected, Akashi had already been waiting at the car. His figure leaning against it as he lifts an arm, most likely looking at his watch, timing him so he could add punctuality to the list of things Furihata needed to improve on. Akashi can be a nag at times, he thought.

“Sorry I’m late” he says before Akashi had the chance to say so himself. Though, to his disappointment, Akashi gives him a nod. He did expect him to at least take a jab at it.

Silence fell on them on the drive back but Furihata made sure to glance at Akashi a few times but when neither one were acknowledged, he decides to chip in his thoughts.

“I really appreciate you agreeing to come with me but I’m still left clueless.”

“Money is involved. My guess, is that the owner paid some thugs, professional ones to ransack the building, which explains the lack of evidence on any break in because they had the key. Starting the fire was just as easy as using a lighter to set the curtains ablaze and turning the stove on.

“But he knew the building was occupied! Why didn’t he choose a time when it’s empty?”

“And make it obvious that someone had deliberately set it on fire? Casualties help divert attention from the owner because something as setting their own charity home is unthinkable.”

Furihata is left appalled, several thoughts coming to him all at once. The owner could have been after the insurance money and with people’s generosity, he would have received extra donations as well but it doesn’t add up. Why would he risk indictment? Money wasn’t obviously an issue unless he’s truly hogging it all and making a run with it.

“None of it makes sense...” he began, pausing to gather to his thoughts “this elaborate plan gives him money but then what?”

“Probably a feud amongst the yakuza. One group is pinning this incident on another. Tokyo has two syndicates, the Inagawa-Kai and the Sumiyoshi-Kai. I suspect the latter making deals with the charity owner, as they're mostly compromised of federal gangs and are quite busy with real estate just as the Inagawa-Kai.”

“The owner supports the Sumiyoshi? It’s the only reason why he would accept the offer.” Furihata adds

“Perhaps,” Akashi says, the car stopping