since we haven't bathed since we left Skyhold…” Bull groaned and Vivienne made a scoff of disapproval. The Inquisitor glowered at him, and Dorian knew that if he pushed too far, Maxwell would be angry as well. But he sensed it, the breaking point, to let them have the damn spell. They started out again, and Dorian huffed and whined and made noises of disapproval, pushing the parties tensions to breaking point. Now, he just needed to put the final nail in the coffin…


 
He huffed dramatically before stopping, leaning on his staff. “You know what I don't understand?” he started, fully intending to barrel on without a reply, especially since he assumed none of them would deign to reply.



“Subtly?” 


 
Max was smirking over his shoulder. Dorian's mouth dropped open slightly, and from his right he heard Vivienne snicker, honest to the Maker snicker, at his expense. Bull was a bit late to the joke, having slipped in the mind set of “ignore” but when he caught it, his laughter echoed off the rocky cliffs sides. It startled a flock of birds into flight. 


 
“I, of course not, that I understand-” he scrambled to regain his progress. He had been so close! 


 
“Do you?” Maxwell grinned, winking at him as he sliced off another piece of the apple, offering it on the knife to Vivienne. She considered it for a moment before taking it up with graceful fingers, biting into it with a smirk at Dorian. he greatly underestimated his foes, it seems. He forgot the most important thing about Maxwell being Inquisitor: the Inquisitor was only Maxwell, no matter his masks. And Maxwell? He knew how to lead. And how to deal with Dorian.


 
Dorian had to concede, with a pout, 


 
“To answer your earlier question, Dorian, we’re backtracking to go home.”


 
“Oh, thank the Maker.” 


 
“You're still a brat.” Dorian chuckled at Max's words. That he was. And he was sure Max would punish him so properly when they reached Skyhold.

Written on my phone, so excuse typos and mistakes ❤️❤️❤️

“Mother fucking blighted shit eater halla fucking bees up your arse-”


“Sera,” Max interrupted her colorful expletives as he crouched next to her. Behind him, she could see Bull make sure all the little baddies were dead. Well good on him, fuckers. She turned her attention to Max as he carefully pushed her legging up. 



“Still not interested in dangly bits, Quiz,” she snorted, going to kick his arm way with her good leg. Like she was ever going to listen to Bull again. Get on his shoulders, what a load of nugpellets. Here she was, two seconds later with a broken leg-



“It doesn't seem broken, just sprained,” Max said as if he could read her mind. If he was one of those messed up things like Cole, or a Mage with the magic like that prissy old elf she'd be angry and scared. But he was Max. He dumped water on Josie and helped her kick a shitehead in his shitehead. “You can't walk back to camp though.” 


 
“What!? You can't leave me here, in the elfiest left places, if you leave me here you-”


 
“Leave you? Nah,” he said, handing her his bow. She always liked his Marchers accent. If that was a nobles accent, well shite, maybe people wouldn't look at her weird. She took his bow, and he adjusted his quiver so it was on his hip. 


 
“What you on about, Maxxie?” she asked before a squealing yelp escaped her as he grabbed her and swung her over his back. He grunted when she collided, and she let his bow hit the side of his head. He hooked his hands under her knee-pits and started to walk. 


 
“Man, I could get used to this. You do this to Dory? All in the bedroom? Kinky shit, not like that.” 



Max’s laugh shook her and she wrapped her arms around his neck, holding onto both of their bows, which bounced lightly against his chest. Well, she didn't love him like a lover, cause the dangly bits. But maybe she could love him like a brother. Yeah. That could work. 


 
“Our sex is far more exciting than piggy back rides, Sera,” Dorian said haughtily as he walked with Bull. 


 
“EUGH!”

They were sitting in the Inquisitors room in a moderately close circle, less likely to be caught here and the balcony doors were flung wide open to let the smoke out. Max had been all for it the second Sera suggested it while they tromped across the Dirth.


“We all need to relax after this mess, Cleaning up wars, yeah? Expected that, not stupid pits full of dead people coming back to kill us! We gotta get fuckin blazed at Skyhold.” 


 
Max lit up immediately. Solas seemed dubious at best, very much against it at worse. Varric laughed and proceeded