was horrified. He watched the woman he’d loved for over half his life turn into a monster in front of his eyes. Someone so hateful and cruel. How could he ever have married a woman like her? “You need help.” Minato pushed her away, allowing her to stumble backwards, “There’s something wrong with you, this isn't the woman I married. I would never have married someone like you.” He ignored the shocked tears that rolled down her cheeks as his words registered in her mind, “If we are still married by law, then I want a divorce. Immediately.” He turned to Tsunade who’s mouth was half-open at that point, “Please, take her away. I don’t want to look at her anymore.”

Her shock slowly morphed into a firmness that only came with business. She nodded, took a firm hold of Kushina’s upper arm and dragged her towards the door.

“Minato-kun! Please, let’s talk about this! You don’t understand! I did it because he hurt me!”

Minato turned his back on her, waiting until the door closed before he sank to the floor, tears gathering in his eyes as his chest ached so much that he could barely breathe.

 

 

“Do you have everything you’ll need?” Kakashi asked, eyes on the man in front of him. It was strange, watching his sensei stand at attention in front of him when it used to be the reversed. But then again, Minato was only twenty-four years old. Kakashi was in his mid-thirties this time around. He was older than his sensei now. To Minato, it was barely a few days ago that he’d used the seal. But almost two decades for everyone else.

“I have everything I’ll need,” Minato confirmed with a single nod.

“I take it that you’ll head for Tanzaku Gai first? It’s where Jiraiya is rumoured to be right now.”

The blond nodded in confirmation, “That’s right. I’ll head there first, and if I can’t find sensei and Naruto there then I’ll continue my search in the next town.”

“Very well.” Kakashi allowed, “But I want you to understand, sensei,” he spoke seriously, nothing he said up for debate, “Don’t expect a warm welcome.”

“I understand.”

But Kakashi wasn't sure he did.

 

 

Minato met with Jiraiya, finding him quite quickly in the infamous Akasan of the gambling town and hornet’s nest of criminal activity. The two of them sat opposite each other.

One already knew about Minato’s awakening and the fact that he hadn’t aged a day. But it was still quite hard to fathom that it was truly his old student in front of him. Looking not a day older than the last time they’d seen each other.

The other, well, he didn’t think Jiraiya's hair could get any more white than he last remembered- but he was wrong. Add the wrinkles to the mix, and the Sannin truly looked like an old man. The man was almost sixty.

Still, the two of them both knew why they were there, and after the pleasantries were over, it was down to business.

“I want to meet Naruto,” Minato stated firmly, daring the man to try and convince him otherwise.

Jiraiya shrugged, “I’m not going to stop you. You can do whatever you want, but I can’t really recommend it. Not for you.”

Minato frowned, “Why?”

“Because he spits in whatever direction he thinks Konoha is in whenever your name comes up.” He stated simply, Minato’s lips parting in shock, “You’re a hero to many people Minato, but to Naruto, you’re the villain just as much as Kushina is. I’ve tried to tell him otherwise, and he knows that he can’t actually blame you for anything, but he does anyway. Whatever you may or may not have done, you still left him. Your disappearance in his life triggered a disaster and Naruto was left to pick up the pieces of a world crumbling together around him. He’s done the best he can with what he has but he’s angry and bitter. He keeps it well hidden but it’s there, and it’s very much alive inside of him. But at the very least I can say with a certainty that he’d never drop the village entirely and go rogue. Deep down he loves Konoha but not enough to ever want to see it again. He loves the first few memories he has of the place and what it represents to the world- but he wouldn’t be caught dead inside of it anymore. I've tried to get him to go back for a visit. To see his siblings but he won’t have it. And Naruto isn’t a person you push if he gets genuinely angry.”

“I heard Kakashi mention