's bare back.

And then, as he pulls back, he kisses Sherlock. Briefly, chastely, on the mouth.

“Sorry,” John says, looking at his shoes. But it wasn't terrible. Sherlock kisses him back, on the mouth. Not like she kisses Mary, but more than she'd kiss a friend, if she had another friend besides John. Close-mouthed, but relaxed. A thank you. An I love you.

John swallows hard, and looks at the floor, then at Mary, then at Sherlock with a very small smile. In a moment of panic, Sherlock can't tell if it's a smile of love and thankfulness, or a smile of hope, because the whole thing would be wasted, just garbage, if she had given John hope. Because as much as she loves him, she still wants nothing to do with his cock that isn't being in the same room with it. But then John smiles a little larger, a little softer, and it's the smile for when Sherlock is brilliant and solves cases and does the right thing, and it warms Sherlock all over.

They wave goodbye. Sherlock shuts the door behind them and rests against it. She debates a bath, as she is slick all down her thighs, but instead just crawls into bed, wrapping herself in the blankets, keeping the warmth of them on her skin tight against her, like it is the world's most precious treasure.

It works until it doesn't.

hahaha idek.

I'm not sure if bridal garters and the traditions that go with them are a British thing or just an American thing, so sorry if that is a big cultural whoopsie. Moriarty, in her brief mention, is also a girl. Still unbeta'd and unbritpicked, might have a bunch of grammar problems. The only thing I truly worry about is slipping up and using a he/him pronounces for this very much a girl Sherlock (habits, you know), so if you spot that, let me know. Otherwise it stands as it is. This is probably the last chapter.

ETA: there is no pregnancy in this fic because it's a stupid storyline.

Sherlock knows she is blind when it comes to Mary. She knows it, and she still stumbles along, feeling the curve of Mary's neck and the bumps of her spine like the walls of a labyrinth, hoping there is not a monster waiting in the center. And there shouldn't be, because John is there, holding her hand, checking the moral compass and then confirming their righteous path in the stars. Attraction poisons Sherlock's mind, but John is a doctor. John would never love something toxic.

Sherlock knows this, because of Jane Moriarty. Because one look at Moriarty, and Sherlock had craved, and one look at John, and that craving had wilted like a rose in a drought. Sherlock wanted Moriarty's clit under her tongue while Moriarty's gun pressed against her forehead, but John's eyebrows had said Not Good, and that was all Sherlock needed to package up her desire and ship it to the far corners of her mind palace, where the snow falls heavy and the sun only comes out once a year, casting a stark light on the ever increasing piles of Sherlock's Not Good thoughts.

But nothing about their arrangement with Mary ever flags John's Not Good look. In fact, Sherlock has several brand new Very Good looks for her encyclopedia of John's facial expressions, which she tucks away close to her heart. Nothing in this world is more radiant than John's bliss. Sherlock puts all her trust in the creases of his smile, the beloved one, the one he gets when he looks at her a heartbeat too long. If only she could shrink herself down and curl in those creases, a permanent home for her in John Watson's happiness.

Unfortunately, happiness is the least trustworthy thing in the world, and to put all her trust in a smile turns out to be a nearly fatal mistake.

 

The one time Sherlock and Mary have sex without John, Sherlock fucks Mary in her wedding dress. It's before the wedding, not after. After, Sherlock leaves early, because watching them stare lovingly at each other and nothing else is making her mildly ill. But before, everything still seems laughable and floral, like they're going through the motions of the ritual for ritual's sake, for the costumes and the rites and the horrible pastels, not for undying love and sap and sentiment. It's a bit like a game, so much so that it's hardly a surprise when there's nearly a murder later on. 

Sherlock is John's “best lady,” a term she hates. She puts on several dresses before rejecting the bone-deep crawling sensation they give her, and ends up insisting on a suit, almost identical to John's, which nobody has objected to, at least not yet. She puts gel in her hair in an attempt