. He hated that the human could do this, could twist his anger and his hatred into desire and want and need to touch and claim and keep forever- it was not logical, and it was not useful if Kirk was not willing to be only his.


Please Spock need you-



You will be silent.


Spock couldn't deal with Kirk's emotions right now. They were conflicting, confusing and confused themselves. Clearly Jim didn't know what he wanted, let alone how to get there. Spock growled low in his throat and grabbed at Jim's clothes, almost tearing the fabric in an attempt to remove them as quickly as possible. He threw Kirk's boots behind them carelessly, dragging off his trousers without waiting for permission, and then pushed the human onto his back again before taking off his own clothing. Jim looked up at him, breathing hard; he couldn't decide if he was terrified or aroused and it was a heady, intoxicating mixture that he couldn't resist.

Spock gave him a dark, dangerous look as he returned to Jim, crawling up his body like a predator and straddling him again. He gripped Jim's wrists tightly, digging his nails painfully into the soft skin, and lowered his head to the human's ear. "You are a coward," he said softly, as though whispering endearments. "You pretend to be arrogant and reckless and brave, but you are scared- terrified- that one day you will find yourself in a meaningful relationship and like it." Spock squeezed his wrists tighter. "I amnot disposable. I am not another conquest, Captain. I have had enough."

Jim groaned, pushing with his feet on the floor to try and escape, but Spock was stronger and held firm. "Bath'paik, Jim," Spock snarled. "I will have you whether or not you resist."

Kirk stilled for only a moment, making a decision. His cock was still achingly hard, sliding against Spock's own erection maddeningly as the Vulcan pinned him down.

Finally, after a long, silent moment, he made his choice, leaning his head up as far as he could to kiss Spock, desperate and frustrated and needy. Spock immediately deepened the kiss, making it brutal and possessive until Kirk's head was swimming and he had to pull back to gasp in a breath. Please Spock fucking hell need this- so long-need you-


Ikap'uh t'du ru'lut. I do not wish to hear your noise or your excuses.



But –


Spock released his wrists, shifting back to kneel between Kirk's thighs. "Turn over. I do not wish to see your face."

Jim did as he was told, his face hot with humiliation. Spock pulled him by the hips until he was on all fours, and pushed his knees apart with disdain. Jim lowered his head and waited quietly, desperately wanting to ask for more but unable to make the words. He doesn't believe I want him. He doesn't think I would give anything to be his- how did I hurt him so much without trying?

"You are lucky I do not wish to make this experience less enjoyable for myself," Spock said from behind him. He spat into his hand and spread it over his cock before pushing his still slick fingers into Kirk- not enough, Jim moaning and trying to push back against him. "Please-"

"I told you to be quiet, did I not?" The fingers were removed instantly, replaced with a sharp slap that made Jim's eyes sting.

Grabbing at Kirk's hips roughly, his fingers digging into the human's flesh hard enough to bruise, Spock thrust powerfully into Jim, relishing the howl of pain he could not hide. He began to fuck the Captain savagely, reaching forward to twist one hand into Jim's hair, dragging his head back almost painfully just so he could hear the human choke for breath. Jim was almost sobbing, the pain blinding and intense for a long, dreadful minute before it began to subside, becoming first an ache and then intense, thrumming pleasure as he adjusted and relaxed, pushing back to meet Spock's brutal thrusts.

Spock snarled, letting go of Jim's hair and dragging blunt nails down his back as he slammed into Kirk again and again, wanting to hear him sob, wanting to feel his desperation and his need through their physical bond before he allowed him release.


Please Spock I can't, I need- I need to come, I-



You will come when I allow it.



Please-


Spock smirked a little in dark satisfaction at the complete surrender in that thought, reaching around Kirk and wrapping his hand around the human's cock, moving in time with his own bruisingly hard thrusts until Jim was shuddering and breathless, his orgasm almost exquisitely painful . It transferred to Spock as an intense wave of pleasure that forced him over the edge as well, coming deep inside the Captain with a wordless, guttural growl.

 





Spock rolled onto his back silently, staring at the ceiling.