do as he was told. "I'll take you to an empty room so you can get ready in peace. Have you found a piece of literature that has caught your fancy before we go?" Kaneki glanced to him then to the books before him before taking a book that he spotted from one of his favorite authors, Takatsuki Sen. 

He only had one volume that they had managed to pick up and he was hooked after the first small story and with to get more but as previously thought, with their life on sea, there was hardly a chance to dock at a town to satisfy his reading pastime. Tsukiyama smiled before leading him out the library, Kanae trailing slowly behind before taking a different route to get Kaneki an extra suit. With the two of them, they stopped by a door and Tsukiyama opened it for him. "There. My room is only three doors down if you need anything." he said and Kaneki nodded as he stepped into the room and closed the door once Tsukiyama was off. When he heard the footsteps recede, he groaned, rubbing the heels of his palms into his eyes. "Touka is going to kill me..." he murmured before lowering his hand that held the book. "But he is really nice..."

With another sigh, he set the book onto the table before heading for the bathroom.

0

Kanae huffed and grumbled in German as he made it to the servant quarters and opened the armoire, looking through suits before finding the blandest to take to Kaneki. "That fastidious der Wicht...to take up Shuu-sama's time...and so unkempt. How could he see anything in that child...and his scent..." he mumbled as he closed the door and began to head back to the room. Around that same time, Touka had found her way into the same hall and began examining rooms to see if she could find any form of royalty. Her efforts so far hasn't paid out and she was frankly getting irritated. They had little time to fool around before meeting up and the castle was huge. "They may have done it this way on purpose..." she growled as she forced open another door to come to a practical sight. Kaneki had finished his shower and stepped out, towel around his waist, when Touka opened the door and he jumped. Like a frightened rabbit, he turned his gaze to Touka who glared hard at him. 

"Is there a reason you seem to be making yourself at home here, Kaneki?"

"I can explain...!"

"You have ten seconds..." she growled as she marched towards him, door slamming shut after her. "I met the prince and he invited me to the ghoul restaurant!" he squealed, stepping back to avoid the incoming whack. "So you met the prince...and you didn't bother to knock him out...and now you're being invited to the family's ghoul restaurant? What do you think this operation is, Kaneki?!"

"W-wait! We will still go as planned! The idea was to cause a commotion at the restaurant so we can get him out! The cacophony of ghouls running amok will leave people unsuspecting of what we're doing!" he rushed to say as he ducked her arm. Touka gritted her teeth but knew he had a point. This plan was going too long with almost no fruit bore from it and if they hung around much longer, they would be caught. "Fine. But this is on you now, Kaneki. Since you seem to be all buddy buddy with the prince, you are to get him knocked out and outside the restaurant after we cause the commotion. Understand?" Kaneki gulped but nodded.

"Understood."

Unaware to both, Kanae heard the entire conversation from outside and his eyes narrowed. 'I knew it...' he whispered but knew well to barge in now would only mean bad for him as he was still an inexperienced fledgling with his kagune. But he had to tell Shuu-sama. He had to warn him that his precious guest isn't as he seemed. "Now, I'm going to the meeting point to tell the others what we're doing. DON'T mess this up door us, Kaneki." Kaneki gave a nod as Touka moved to the window and opened it. Glancing back to him once more, she leapt out and he breathed a sigh of relief as he went to shut it behind her. He turned to hear a knock before the door opened, revealing the cool gaze of Kanae as he stepped to him with the suit. 

"Your suit, der gnädiger Herr." he murmured. "Ah, thank you." he replied as he went back into the bathroom to change. Once Kaneki was out of sight did Kanae leave to head directly over to Tsukiyama's room, knocking on the door. "Shuu-sama, I have something urgent to tell you of your guest." he called through the door, finding it opening and Tsukiyama looking to him. "What's wrong? Is he feeling ill? Hungry perhaps? No worries, we'll be departing soon."