noting that the man must have been a very heavy sleeper.“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” The man snapped. Eren flinched, ‘Shit, i’m caught!’ “I uhh... I had a bad dream.” He lied. He prepared himself to be kicked out of the bed but the man remained completely silent. He was afraid to break the awkward silence. The bed was very warm, though they weren’t touching he could feel heat emitting from the other man’s body. He could hear his soft breath. ‘Wait... is he actually going to let me stay here like this?’ He felt a deep heat in his stomach, like candle flames flickering over and over. It rose from his stomach up into his throat and took his breath away. He had never slept in someone else’s bed before, his mind flashed back to the couch when the man’s smaller body had pinned him down. Eren wanted him. ‘Ah I drank too much.’ He thought dully as he forced himself to calm down and fall asleep.The next morning he awoke in a daze, everything ached. Worst of all he had absolutely no idea where he was, nor could he remember how he got there. Even so something in his heart felt uneasy and excited at the same time. As he picked up the business card from the counter to leave he couldn’t control the tightness in his chest. “Levi...” He spoke his name softly as he stepped out of the apartment and called a taxi to get home.

What do you think of the word "fate?" Eren discovers how he truly feels about Levi but Levi admits he has mysophobia, how will their relationship develop from here?

You see there was this man and he just appeared out of the blue. To Eren’s surprise, he was the same kind of person as him, he had the same kind of eyes, at first sight, he realized he wasn’t a solitary existence in this world. He was happy. That’s right, until he met him he was alone in the world, he had not a soul with whom to share the scenery before his eyes, and not a soul to share the music in his ears. But it saddened him, because the moment he saw him he knew deep down they were never meant to be, yes, that man had refused to side with him. He rejected Eren - the only person who could see the same scenery.

 

ONE DAY EARLIERThe car ride home felt like an eternity, Eren only wished he could pinpoint why he felt so uncomfortable. He pulled the gold embroidered card from his pocket, staring at it blankly from the back of the taxi. He felt drawn to it, moved by the name written on the front. ‘Ah, there’s a phone number here, maybe I should save it in my phone so I don’t lose it.’ He pulled out his phone, dialing the number. While he meant to save it to contacts he accidentally hit the call button. “Shit!” He cursed forgetting momentarily about the taxi driver ahead of him. “Sorry, sorry.”“Hello?” He heard a voice echo on the other end of the line.Eren paused for a moment before his words found him. “Ah... hello! This is Eren... I was saving your number in my phone and I just kinda accidentally called it.” He felt embarrassed, he wasn’t even sure if the card belonged to the owner of the apartment he woke up in.“I see. I hope you made it home safely.” “I have! Err well i’m on my way home now anyway.” At least that confirmed he was speaking with the right person. “I’m at work now so please don’t use this number for casual calls. Have a nice afternoon.”He heard the line disconnect. ‘What a jerk.’ He thought bitterly. At least hearing his voice brought back some hazy memories of the previous night. He suddenly felt the blood rush to his face with embarrassment as he recalled being pinned down on the couch.“We’re arriving at your destination.” The taxi driver broke his thoughts. Eren hastily grabbed his wallet out to pay the fee and exit the vehicle. He hated to admit it but it was a little nice being back in the countryside where his surroundings were very quiet. Well, would have been quiet; he could already hear Armin shouting his name before he could close the car door.Eren groaned as he made his way into the house, Armin was already steps behind him. “Eren, what happened? Where did you go? We were worried sick and you couldn’t even call us.”“Look i’m really sorry, I was a little drunk and I had my phone turned off at the bar to preserve the battery.”“But why did you leave the bar?”Eren couldn’t exactly say he left the bar with a complete stranger - a man at that. “I thought I saw someone I knew... but my memory is a little foggy honestly,