’t know what to do. What does he do. 



“There’s cookie dough on my cock.” He blurts. He stupidly, stupidly, blurts. 



Oh god. 



That is not what he should’ve done! Or said! Fuck, Louis’ going to have a fucking stroke. 



Harry pulls back suddenly, looks quickly down at their, 

their

 hips, and then fucking snorts. 



“That’s my fault then, very sorry.” 



“Don’t believe you.” Louis manages to choke out. 



“Cause it’s not the truth.” Harry smiles, leaning down again. Harry’s belly is pressing against him again and he just shifted his hips and yep. 



Louis’ getting hard. Fuck, can Harry feel that? Fuck, is this actually Louis’ fucking life right now? Is he getting fucking hard over his 

pregnant 

best mate sitting on his hip? 



“Lou.” Harry says softly, one hand moving back to cradle Louis’ jaw again. He needs to stop doing that. He needs to stop looking at Louis, too. Louis needs this situation to end because he’s going to do something that’s going to fuck everything up in about 3.5 seconds. 



“Louis-”



The timer beeps and they both jump, Harry sitting up straight immediately and Louis’ hands flying out to steady him. 



“Fuck, the cookies.” 



“Yeah, the cookies.” Louis repeats. Harry looks back down at him and he looks like he maybe wants to say something, but the timer beeps again, so he shuts up, grabs onto the chair, and pulls himself off Louis. 



Louis (and Louis’ embarrassingly half hard dick) misses him instantaneously. 



He rolls over to hide his problem and contemplates braining himself on the chair leg. He wonders how long it would take to bled to death. Probably less time than it’s going to take for his dick to calm down.



 --



28 Weeks (6 Months) 



They decide on a light blue for the walls and to make painting a whole family affair. And by family, they mean the boys and by the boys, they really mean Zayn. 



They all, even Niall, contributed to the base coat, the light blue that went on all four of the walls. It wasn’t as fun as it could’ve been, Liam told Louis as soon as he started that he couldn’t paint Niall, much to both of their disappointment, and Zayn forced them all to paint in the same direction so there wouldn’t be different lines and shit. 



Louis thinks they both are fun suckers. Harry’s grateful for their help. 



The wall in which the crib stands against is painted, artfully by Zayn, like a beach scene. There’s a sandy hill, with a rickety little fence and sparse little mounds of grass. There’s a red and white lighthouse surrounded by a few rocks and a little sign above the painted door that says “E.E. Styles.”



There’s an ocean behind the lighthouse and beyond the sand, little white caps are visible and three small sailboats are placed sporadically on the waves. The light blue sky gets covered in fluffy clouds. 



It’s beautiful and Harry almost cries when Zayn signs his masterpiece in the corner, right by the fence. 



They let it dry for an entire day and the boys come back to help arrange the furniture. The crib is placed so the lighthouse can be seen in it’s entirety. The shorter of the two dressers is shoved in the closet because it can fit and they all forgot that they needed a chair that they could rock him back to sleep in. 



The chair sits at an angle across from the crib, the changing table right next to it under the window, while the other dresser is placed on the other wall. 



It takes all day to put away all the clothes and hang all the picture. Louis’ favorite is the anchor Harry had custom made to match the one tattooed on his wrist. Or no, maybe it’s the compass he bought because it reminded him of Louis. 



It’s probably that one. 



The entire thing is finished with a life preserver, painted on by Zayn with a 

S.S Eros

, hung on the door. 



“You know what this means now?” Zayn smiles. 



“That we finished just in time for Louis to buy me pizza for dinner?” Niall says, reaching out to straighten it slightly. 



“That.” Zayn agree, running a hand over his belly. “But I was thinking more along the lines of…” 



“Helping us with Alina’s nursery now.” Liam finishes. “We’re thinking purple."



“With a cherry blossom tree above the crib. But, like, white and darker purple flowers. And her name in cursive, obviously.” 



“Cool, sounds beautiful. But, please. Someone feed me.” Niall whines. 



“I can’t believe we’re adding two more babies to this mess. Niall’s already enough work as it is.” Louis cracks. Niall sneers at him and then mutters something