Jared was standing beside him now, and Jensen could feel the back of his neck prickling at the thought of the gunmen behind them. From the corner of his eye, he saw them move around to the side, and his breathing eased a bit. He cast a quick glance at Jared and saw the same fear and uncertainty that he was feeling himself. He wanted to reach out and grab Jared's hand, but that probably wasn't a good idea right now.

"You know them, Dr. Rhodes," the man said. "Who are they?"

"Must be tourists," she shrugged. "I've never seen them before—"

She was cut off when the man in the white hat lifted his gun and aimed it at Jared. "You know this one," he said. "Do you want me to shoot him?"

"No!" She raised her hands. "No, don't. Please don't shoot anyone."

"Are you going to get me what I want?" he asked.

Rhodes shook her head. "Why did you come here?" she asked Jared.

"We were worried about you," he replied.

She rolled her eyes, and Jensen liked her even more. "Don't suppose you brought the cavalry with you?"

Jared exchanged a guilty look with Jensen.

"Colleague?" the man in the white hat asked. "Friend? Lover?"

"Student," Rhodes reluctantly replied.

"Ah." He eyed Jensen. "And this one?"

"Never met him," Rhodes said, though Jensen could tell from her expression that she knew exactly who he was.

"Then this is the important one." The man in the white hat took a few steps forward until he was standing in front of Jared. Slowly, he reached up and traced the edge of Jared's jaw with the barrel of his gun.

Jensen froze, ice running down his spine. Jared wasn't moving either, except for the quick rise and fall of his chest. He was looking straight ahead over the man's shoulder, jaw clenched tightly, trying not to react but clearly terrified.

"Leave him alone, Lehne." Rhodes' voice was low. "I can get you what you want."

"Don't, Dr. Rhodes," Jared warned.

Lehne was already stepping back and turning towards her. "You'll get me the Cup?"

She grimaced. "Just don’t hurt them."

"Well, I don't know," he replied. "It seems you might need some extra incentive to hurry it along."

Her eyes widened, and Jensen's stomach sank. "No, I really don't think—"

The gunshot was loud in the cave, echoing around the walls.

"No!" Rhodes cried out, but Jensen could barely hear her. He was doubling over, pain blossoming in his gut and a roaring in his ears. Hand clapped to his middle, he looked up, bewildered. Hadn't Lehne been aiming at Jared?

He soon realized in horror that was exactly what had happened. Jared was crumpled on the ground, both hands pressed to his abdomen, his jeans already turning darker with blood. His face was screwed in a grimace of pain, and as Rhodes knelt beside him, he let out a low groan.

Jensen tried to straighten up and move to Jared, but the pain in his gut was too sharp. He felt like he was the one who'd gotten shot, but Jared was the one who needed him; why couldn't he seem to move?

Realization slowly dawned, and by the time he'd figured it out, Jared had opened his eyes and was looking at him. The pain in Jared's gaze was compounded by totally unwarranted guilt, and Jensen gave a shake of his head and tried to straighten up. He wasn't actually hurt. It was only their stupid bond that was making him feel this. If he could shake this off and get to that Cup, if he could get Jared to drink out of it, if it really was a magical artifact—

"They've been bonded."

It was the man in the white hat, looking back and forth between Jared and Jensen with avid curiosity. "Did you see that, Dr. Rhodes?"

"I saw that you shot him," she snapped back. "You didn't have to do that."

"You weren't being very cooperative," Lehne retorted. "And now you'll have to do as I ask. Because while a gut shot doesn't kill right away, your young friend's life is very much limited right now. Both of them, I should think." He pinned Jensen with his gaze. "How did it happen?" he asked. "How were you bonded?"

Jensen pressed his lips together and concentrated on standing upright despite the flaming pain in his side.

"I suppose it doesn't matter," Lehne mused. "If this hurts now, just think of what the pain will be like when he dies. You likely won'