Zayn didn't look forward to eating, I knew that. But the fact that he'd been considerate enough to give up meat even just for one night, so that I could eat the food I liked was very, very flattering

My eyes looked up at his silver hair, his roots barely visible.

Instead of his leather jacket, he sported a navy knitted pullover. I happened to like it a lot, but I hadn't told him that yet

We quickly found a seat, and Zayn sat down in front of me after pulling out my chair for me to sit in

With a blush on my face, I picked up the menu, unable to believe we were going on our second date this week.

The only reason I didn't worry about Zayn going broke was because I knew he was rich. His clothes may not have looked it at first, but they were really expensive. Keeping your hair silver isn't exactly easy either. That, and he keeps taking me to almost 5 star restaurants!

"I can pay for my own meal tonight" I offered, leaning forwards

"It's okay, I'll pay" he muttered nonchalantly

"You paid last time"

"I asked you on the date, so I pay" he gave me a soft smile "alright?"

I sighed and sat back in my seat, looking back at the menu

I quickly decided, but noticed Zayn frowning

"What's wrong?" I asked

"How can there be so many meat dish names here if this place is vegan and vegetarian?" He asked me confused

"Well there's replacements for the food. For meat they usually just use lentils"

"Lentils?" The expression on his face told me the word felt sour on his tongue

"It's like peas"

"Really?" He didn't seem to believe that "is lentils what's on that woman's burger?"

I turned beside us, looking to where he was pointing

"Yes"

"That is not like peas" he stated matter of a factly

"It's like... Vomit coloured peas?" I offered

"Maybe on the way back to mine I can get a real burger" he said playfully

"Zayn" I scowled

"I'm joking" he said softly

 "maybe I can get a bite of you though when we're there, huh?" He winked at me

The tables nearby got distracted by Zayn's words, and they glanced over at me

Zayn quickly apologised, realising the sudden attention was making me uncomfortable

"Zayn" I said softly

"Yeah?"

"Maybe" I whispered

He grinned widely, making my heart race. God, I love that smile so much. I don't think he even realises it.

We soon ordered, and I took a spaghetti and veat balls. Zayn on the other hand took a Thai green curry

"I was going to take the bangers and mash" Zayn muttered "but the sausages were made of vegetables"

I couldn't help but laugh at how adorable he was, pouting over the fact that tonight he wouldn't be eating meat.

He hesitated to even eat, but then ate anyway, making sure to tell me the food was awful, but it was okay because I had to eat awful food too

That of course just made me laugh. Despite being so up front and adult like, he could be an absolute child about the smallest of things.

But perhaps that was another one of the things I liked about him

After dinner, Zayn told me we weren't having dessert because he refused to eat vegan cake for the sake of the milk being replaced with nut milk and the eggs with he didn't know what

Amused, we both left. He held my hand to the car, and opened the door for me, holding it until I was in my seat

He made his way back to his side, and got into the car, turning it on and taking us straight to his house

Routinely, his cat Hesperia greeted him at the door, but ran off once she saw me.

Zayn made his way to the kitchen, and pouted

"Please can I eat some meat?" He asked quietly

"Alright" I laughed "go ahead"

He gave me his wicked grin and instantly went to the fridge and pulled out a defrosted steak

He looked at me hesitantly before getting out a pan and starting to cook it.

I felt like cook was the wrong term for only browning the outside and then putting it straight into his plate, but what did I know about steak?

Zayn practically devoured it, and gave me a happy smile

"You are the best, you know that?" He asked, kissing my cheek

"I do now" I smiled

He kissed me again, this time on the lips. I kissed him back, my breath dipping as he cupped my backside with a hum

"You look... So good" he uttered "so... Fucking... Good"

I couldn't help but shiver at his words, making him chuckle hotly

I whimpered as he made his way to my neck, sucking a hickey into