proceeded almost the same. All four of Levis squad took turns who trained Eren and every day he had to do a somewhat different routine but he was exhausted to death at night all the same. His body was sore from all the training and every muscle ached. But it kind of felt nice. Eren had the feeling this training made him more fit than ever and he caught himself looking in the mirror more often.

He walked home with Levi a few times again but he still didn’t manage to have a proper conversation with him just awkward silence or small talk. He wanted to have a nice talk like the first time they met. Maybe they had to get drunk again?

An encounter with an old friend, a little more police training and who would have guessed some fluff :D

After six days, he finally had a day off. Or rather, he was ordered to not come to the station. Petra told him to sleep in, have a big breakfast until he was stuffed and then just give his body a rest. Eren wasn’t all that happy about it. He now had to skip a day when the others were working and they had to call upon Levi to order him not come.

When he woke up on Sunday after the sun had already risen he didn’t regret it anymore. His body ached and it felt so good to be able to stay in bed.

He was laying down for another hour just relaxing until he was awake enough to stay up. His breakfast was almost too much for one person but he gulped it all down while sitting by the open window to get some chilly air inside.

After breakfast, he didn’t know what to do with himself. He showered, got dressed and then left his apartment. A little after-dinner walk would probably be the best. He went to a nearby park and walked around the pond which was in the middle of the park. There were ducks quaking around, dogs running to fetch balls and just a lot of people enjoying the warm summer day. Eren laid down on the grass to sunbath a little bit.

“What the fuck?! Eren?”

Startled Eren jumped up. He looked around and saw Jean on the small path leading around the park.

“Jean?!” Eren was at least as surprised as Jean to see the other one here. Wasn’t Jean doing his own internship?

“What are you doing here? On vacation, huh?” Jean had a smug smile which pissed Eren off.

“I earned it, so shut up. What are you doing here anyway? Didn’t get a place for an internship?” Now it was Eren who smiled down on the other.

Jean squinched up his face. “Shut up! I have business here!”

“Huh, business is what you called it…”

If they weren’t in public they would be at each throat by now. Jean groaned.

“Okay, listen. I don’t have time for that. I actually really do have business to take care of. So, do whatever you want.” Jean turned around. Eren, nothing better to do, jumped up and followed him. “What business were you talking about then?”

“Ugh, seriously? Why do you wanna know?” Jean shoved his hands into his pockets and walked a little bit faster.

“You said to do whatever I want. And I don’t know what to do on my day off. Don’t know the place or any people. Except you. So, tell me.”

Eren and Jean didn’t get along in uni or wherever they are and they more than once beat the shit out of each other but at the same time they kind of knew they had each other’s back. They always could vent their anger at each other. But neither would admit that.

Jean sighed. “Whatever. I rejected my internship in Tokyo. Wanna do it here.”

Eren gasped. “You got a place in Tokyo? Like Mikasa? And you refused it? What the fuck, man?”

“You ask way too many questions, Eren. Chill, I thought about it.” Jean didn’t look Eren in the eyes and so he knew something was up but he had the decency to not pray any further. A second later he thought about what Jean said.

“W-wait a second. You want to do your internship here? In this police station?”

Jean stopped and looked at Eren in disbelief. “No. You don’t mean…”

They both gulped. So, if Jean want to do his internship at the very same station as Eren, they would be partners? They both gagged. That can’t be possible. But! Jean will just be at the police station and not the special corps. Okay, he could live with that.

They silently walked side by side until they reached the station. Eren knew he was going against direct orders but he was just too curious. And technically he didn’t, he was just accompanying a friend.

Jean entered the building and introduced himself at the front desk. “