called the best First Officer in the Fleet. You are a tremendous asset to the ship and to me.  I don’t want to lose that asset. Can you explain?”

“Captain,” Spock pleaded.  “It’s a deeply personal thing.  Only a very few outsiders know of it.  Vulcans do not speak of it even among   Please, Spock.  Let me help.”

“It has to do with reproduction.”  The words were so quiet that Kirk barely heard them.

“What?”

“Reproduction,” Spock said shortly.

“Oh, sex,” Kirk said. No wonder Spock was having so much trouble talking about it.  “Well, there’s no need to be embarrassed about it, Mr. Spock.  It happens to everyone.  Even the birds and bees.”

“But the birds and bees don’t have their logic ripped away from them like this time does to us,” Spock said bitterly.

“Perhaps you should start at the beginning,” Kirk said.  “What time?”

“It is called the Pon Farr, the time of mating,” Spock said, staring straight ahead, as if he could only explain if he wasn’t looking at Kirk.  “It strips our minds from us.  It brings a madness which rips away our veneer of civilisation.  Every seven years we must return to Vulcan and take a mate.  It is similar to the giant Eel birds of Regulus Five having to return to the caverns they were hatched or the salmon of your Earth swimming upstream to the place where they were born or die trying.”

But you’re not an animal,” Kirk said.

“Nor am I a human,” Spock countered, turning to look at Kirk, his eyes burning.  “I am a Vulcan.  I thought perhaps my human blood would prevent the condition, but the ancient drives are too strong.”  He looked down at his trembling hands.

“If its sex you need, couldn’t Uhura…?”

“No,” Spock shook his head.  “Even if she had not ended our relationship, the fires could only be purged by my wife.”

“Wife?” Kirk exclaimed.  “You’re married?”

“More like a bondmate,” Spock admitted.   “By our parents' arrangement. A ceremony while we were but seven years of age. Less than a marriage but more than a betrothal. We touched each other so we could feel each other's thoughts. Our minds were locked together, so that at the proper time, we would both be drawn to our place of Koon-ut-kal-if-fee on the lands of my family on Vulcan.”

“Koon-ut-kal?”

“Koon-ut-kal-if-fee.  It means marriage or challenge.  In the distance past, a marriage could be challenged and men would fight for the woman.  I mentioned our logic is ripped from us.  We are little better than animals fighting over a mate.”

“But Vulcan has been destroyed,” Kirk said, horrified.  “You can’t go back there.”

“My family has settled on New Vulcan,” Spock said.  “We will meet there for the ceremony.”

“I’m sorry, if this is too personal, but if you have a bondmate why did you start a relationship with Uhura?” Kirk asked.

“I have not seen T’Pring since I left Vulcan,” Spock explained.  “Even on Vulcan, I could barely feel our bond.  She was most displeased when she heard I turned down the position on the Vulcan Science Academy.   She refused to join me on Earth, stating that she had a position on Vulcan and that it would be illogical for her to leave.  I was lonely; Miss Uhura approached me and I agreed.  I was already labelled a rebel for leaving Vulcan.  I considered it just one more rebellion.”

“I can’t see Uhura being ‘the other woman’ willingly.”  Kirk shook his head.  “You really should have told her before you started dating.”

“Perhaps, you are correct,” Spock admitted.  “I did explain when we first started seeing each other that I could not offer her a more permanent relationship.  She said she was happy being ‘Friends with Benefits’ as she called it.”

“It was only when I started going into Pon Farr that I realized that T’Pring had survived the destruction of Vulcan.  She must have been off planet when it happened.  When I was sure T’Pring had survived, I told Ms Uhura of my bond with her.  She was most unhappy and insisted on ending our liaison.”

“I could see that coming from a mile away,” Jim said.  “I’m surprised she let you keep your…uh ears.”

“Miss Uhura does have spirit,” Spock agreed.  “It was one of the things that drew me to her.”

“And the rest of the package didn’t hurt, I’m sure,” Kirk teased.  “She’s one fine lady.  Did she ever tell you that I tried to pick her up the first time we met?”

“Yes, the lieutenant did mention your meeting.  She