meant that a man was down, and green for when all was good. Then, he realised that it wasn't actually meant for him.

Rivaille returned a glared at the man whom he had swept to the ground with a kick. He shoved a foot against the man's cheek, keeping him flat against the sandy ground, before glowering at the rest. He considered dealing with the others, when he felt the ground tremble in a fashion he was familiar with. Something... no, someone, was about to come this way.

"I'd suggest you leave this instant. Things are going to get ugly for you guys."

"GRAAAAUUGGHHHH!"

All the humans on site, except one, were startled by the loud roar. The ground started to shake harder, in which Rivaille swiftly positioned himself close to the ground to maintain balance. The militarians weren't so lucky, and most of them had crumbled to the floor on the butts.

"T-titan!" A redhead yelled, pointing into the distance.

A small figure in the distance started to grow in size over the seconds, running in the direction of the humans.

"Run!"

Rivaille glared over at the bunch of cowards who failed to grab their horses when the animals fled upon hearing the bellow. He watched as those militarians stared at the approaching titan in horror. They were starting to scream, cry and run. Instead of mirroring their actions, Rivaille treaded in the direction of the massive humanoid creature which slowed its pace, carefully walking towards the tiny figure to reduce the ground tremors.

When it was close enough, the titan dropped to a knee, lowering its form. It leaned forward far enough that its chin nearly touched the ground. Rivaille walked over to it casually, stepping up to a massive jaw that could easily snap him into half. But he knew that would never happen.

"What's the matter? Never seen a titan before?" Rivaille mused out, smirking at the bunch of recruits who were seconds away from pissing their pants. He reached out and touched the titan's jawline, stroking as if to comfort it. "I'm sorry. Did my monster of a partner scare you? You know, he quite likes the taste of human. Every now and then, we have to sacrifice someone to keep his titan in check... Say, would you like to join us for dinner tonight? There's plenty enough for an appetiser, a main course and dessert..."

To make its point, the titan's large double jaw opened, steam escaping from between the teeth. It let out a low growl that sent shivers up the militarians' spines.

XOXOXO

"Did you see their faces?!" Zoe had been laughing her ass off, as did the other Scout Legion members. "They were thiiiiissss close to pissin' themselves, I swear!" She held a hand out, thumb and index forming a 'c' that was held an inch apart.

"You were the one who fired that, didn't you, Zoe," Rivaille grinned. The woman never participated in running, her being an exception. Instead, she was a look out, situating herself on a tall tree, equipped with binoculars and ready call for help if needed. Essentially, she was the only one with the gear to actually shoot the flare.

"Sure did! Eren was the one who told me to set off a signal if you were ever in trouble. He's such a protective sweetie, isn't he?"

"He is," the corporal smiled a little.

It was also the first time that Rivaille had seen the entire Scout Legion so defensive of him. The rest of the troupe arrived at the scene, looking like they were about to commit mass murder. Watching the militarians cower and flee in fear had been absolutely thrilling.


Week 20


"I'm going to propose to Levi."

Everyone in the garden -Mikasa, Armin, Jean, Reiner, Berthodlt, Annie, Sasha, Connie, Historia, Ymir- stared at Eren with their jaws dropped. It took several seconds for everyone to register it, alike the time when the news of Rivaille's pregnancy was being revealed. The girls started to squeal in delight, while the guys were giving Eren hard but bro-mantic slaps on his back.

"Oh gosh, when are you going to do it?!" Sasha asked excitedly, fists shaking where she had them in front of her.

"Really soon. I've already purchased the ring, see?" Eren fished out a red box from his pocket, presenting it to his friends. He opened the box, and inside was a silver ring which had a small diamond embedded in its body. On the inner ring was an engraving with both Eren and Rivaille's name.

"I'm so happy for you, Eren," Mikasa said with a smile, and her adoptive brother did the same. He gave her a hug, thanking her. Eren started to be bombarded by further questions.

"What's with all the ruckus?" Rivaille grouched out as he walked into the garden. He