the correct way of going about his plan? He was still out in the open, but now he was showing he had an interest in Nebuya? If there was a chance Akashi felt that way about him, had an interest in him in that way, was this the right way to proceed?

Reo was clueless, and that only made him more anxious.

“I see.” Seijuro’s gaze had altered, but he maintained the same coldness. “It is not any of my business if you were. I was curious where you were last night, as I was concerned.”

The raven frowned. He wanted to desperately to yell that yes, it was his business! He wanted to wave it in Seijuro’s face that he was doing this to gain his attention. That he was the one he wanted, the one he had desired for so long. But his prince continued to be frustratingly oblivious.

It seemed like anything he tried wasn’t working the way he hoped. He had a little faith when Akashi was wondering where he was, but that was shot down when he realized his captain wasn’t bothered that he had been out with another one of their teammates. And not in a friendly manner, either.

Akashi moved to the door, turning around to nod his head.

“I will see you later, Reo. I apologize if I interrupted you.”

Reo sulked as the object of his desire disappeared from his view. What was he going to do now? He had hoped this charade would win Akashi’s attention, since nothing else had, but now that too was left to rot. Should he continue with the plan he devised with Nebuya and see if Akashi grew upset? He didn’t seem too perturbed, if at all, by the fact they had been on a date. So then why would he be if they continued?

As much as he adored Seijuro, he was beginning to wonder if the misery was worth it. If he wasn’t just making a fool of himself with these desperate schemes.

“Yeah,” he whispered solemnly to the now sealed door, “See you later.”

 

Discouraged wasn’t strong enough to encompass how he felt. Defeated? Wholly hopeless and like his entire being had been through the grinder and crushed consistently?

That summed it up to perfection.

Reo knew he was aiming for the impossible, fighting a war he could not win. And yet despite that, he had continued to persuade Akashi, angled to win his attention. Granted, he had accomplished it - Akashi was never one to ignore him - but the way they addressed each other was static.

No ground had been gained.

Pondering the dilemma, he was beginning to wonder if his sole remaining option was to slowly allow his feelings to perish. He could be content with their close relationship, as teammates, as friends… couldn’t he?

There wasn’t much of a choice. For months he had tried to entice Akashi, had shamelessly acted coquettish in front of their other schoolmates without any regret. But it still produced the same response. There were even a few times Nebuya volunteered to go on a ‘date’ with him to once more see if it captured Akashi’s attention, but it hadn’t. Reo was lucky if the redhead even batted an eye when they returned from whenever they had been.

He tried to remind himself that he had to stop being so negative, that it wasn’t him that was the problem and that Akashi had zero interest in anyone at the moment.

But that pretense had its limit, and within weeks, his misery had conquered over anything he had built to try to soothe himself.

It was completely futile.

Every movement his captain took, each smile he graced him with, the times he would touch his shoulder as though to encourage him, and the moments they had in the common room where they would idly chat before Akashi would return to his reading, preferably something that had been recommended by him.

All of that was embedded into his heart.

He was no longer crushing, nor was he admiring his captain as he once thought when he first began to gain an interest in him.

No, it was far worse.

He was in love, in love with Akashi Seijuro, his captain, someone who was almost like his best friend and he relied on practically everything for.

And he was the only one who knew it. 

 

 

He was running late, and while he wasn’t tardy for class, Akashi was probably already gone from their dorm. They wouldn’t cross paths on the stairs, or sit in the common room before classes and enjoy each other’s company. But for some bizarre reason, for the first time as he could remember, Reo couldn’t find the energy in him to really care.

“Maybe I should take this as a sign,” he mumbled to no one but the air.

Struggling into his uniform, he barely had a moment to knot his tie properly before he was rushing out of his room. The door slammed behind him, causing him to cringe at the vibration, but