come with me. It was a travel redemption and atonement for myself. Besides, I couldn't trouble you into accompanying me when you still haven't fulfilled your dream to become the Hokage."

"When people grow up sometimes their dreams change."

"Maybe for you. But not for me," Sasuke muttered so low that Naruto did not seem to hear it who continued his talking.

"I was so focused being the Hokage someday that I'm thinking now that maybe I failed to see the bigger picture. That maybe there was another path for me that I should have taken on before tying myself in this position."

Sasuke decided to it was time to change the topic because this was not the time for Naruto to begin doubting the choices he made in life. Not when everything was already set and done. "I think sitting all day doing countless paperwork's is draining you out. You were never the type to sit around and sign a bunch of papers."

"You'd be surprised at how convincing Shika is when it comes to it. He'd made me finish a week's worth it just a day! But maybe you're right. I haven't done a mission in ages! Honestly, I feel like I've become rusty since I spent most of my times doing paper stuffs. The only time I get to go outside Konoha is when it is the annual Kage summit and that only happens every few years."

"You could always take a day off and spend it with your family. They'd appreciate it a lot."

"I could say the same to you."

"You could. But I'm not the one sitting at the top of this mountain whining at how life is."

"Asshole."

Sasuke smirked. "You do know the truth hurts, right?"

"Yeah, right. I get it. Take a few days off. Spend time with family. Anything you might want to add?"

"You're an adult. You managed to become the Hokage, surely you could figure the rest of it out."

For a second, Naruto stared at him then shake his head in disbelief. He seemed to forgot how much of a jerk Sasuke was. It seemed that years did not lessen that at all, something that will never probably change. "Sometime I wonder why I'm even friends with you."

"Seriously, Naruto, stop being pessimistic. That's my role, remember? Brooding, dark, serious Uchiha."

Naruto laughed. "…and girls still liked you despite that. It's unbelievable. But I have to agree. There is something in you that makes people want to chase after."

Sasuke raised an eyebrow. "Oh? And what would that be?"

"I don't know. It was just a feeling I had back then and you were my first friend so it all just added up." Naruto knew he was not making any sense. He just could not explain the urge to chase Sasuke all those years even if it cost him his life.

"Glad to be enlightened on a mysterious charm that even I was not aware of," Sasuke replied sarcastically.

Naruto simply stucked out his tongue in response to Sasuke, which the Uchiha only rolled his eyes. Naruto could be childish at times but that only happens when he was with him. With the villagers, Naruto would often put a tough and mature act, one the befits his stature as the Hokage. Maybe Naruto was getting tired of his position or maybe the frustrations were piling up, he did not know. It is not easy being the Hokage and the responsibilities he had to shoulder were heavy. It was a demanding and lonely job in the end.

"Sasuke?" Naruto called out to him softly.

Sasuke looked at him. "What?"

"Nothing. I'm just glad you're back."

"Me too, Naruto."

The sun was already starting to set, basking them in an orange hue, as they sat side by side, relishing in presence of the other. With the Uchiha, Naruto could spill out all his worries and fear without any worry. He felt oddly at peace at the moment and realized because Sasuke was beside him. Naruto wished that time would freeze and he could enjoy the company of Sasuke longer. Maybe because Sasuke was the Yin and he was the Yang that whenever they are together, he felt complete.

Sasuke slowly stood up and picked his katana with Naruto doing the same. It was a cloudless evening and the first stars were starting to come out.

"It's getting late. We should get going," Sasuke told Naruto. "Think about what I said about taking a day off."

Naruto nodded in agreement. Maybe taking a day off would actually help like Sasuke said. "I'll talk to Shika about it tomorrow. Drop by too, we still need to discuss the contents of your report."

Sasuke waited until he could sense that Naruto has reach his house without any problem before going home himself. He chose to take a longer path to see a bit of Konoha on his way back