Mark looks down to where Jinyoung’s lying against the tree stretching long above them, his blood stained uniform shirt’s first buttons are undone, and Mark follows the blood trail all the way from the other’s collarbones to the side of his jawline. There’s a cut there, blood around and over it already dry.

 

He can’t help the sigh that escapes his lips and makes the boy look up.

 

“I’m sorry, hyung.” Jinyoung’s words are a mere whisper, too weak to reach Mark’s ears if he hadn’t been crouching to hold the younger’s face in his hands.

 

“Why are you even apologising? These assholes are the ones who should come all the way here on their knees and beg for your pardon.”

 

The words light a grimace that’s probably intended to be a smile in Jinyoung’s lips, followed by a wince when the cut in the lower part of them reopens by the action. Blood starts to flow from the wound, Mark watching it pool against the younger’s lips. He licks his own and leans in before sharing the gesture. It’s a metallic taste that lets his tongue wanting to feel numb, but Mark doesn’t let that discourage him, and guides his wet mouth to caress Jinyoung’s for a long, soft moment until he pulls back.

 

His black bangs falling partially over his eyes and mixing with dark eyelashes, Jinyoung stares back at him through unshed tears that scream at Mark to hold the younger and never let him be harmed again. And so he does.

Warnings:·Mentions of a spider (not very present, but still.)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


Even in his sleep, Mark’s aware of the weight on the bed shifting and, still half unconscious, he stretches an arm to keep the other body from leaving only cold after him. 


 


“Hyung stop, I have to meet Jaebum at the library in a few minutes,” Jinyoung complains, but the older’s not willing to let go yet, so he pulls on the fabric from the shirt he’s grabbing and successfully sits Jinyoung back on the bed to put his arms around.


 


“Stay,” he basically groans, opening his eyes for the first time of the day only for his gaze to meet messy white sheets that with the sunlight hitting them hurt his eyes. He closes them again.


 


“I can’t do that, we have to prepare this project ahead of time; I told you already, you know.” Jinyoung’s tone is the slightest bit exasperated, and Mark kind of understands. “Besides, you should wake up and get some work done too, you’re graduating from college in a few months, hyung, you can’t slack off.” 


 


And a sigh he gets as response, before the older talks in a whiny voice.


 


“But I just want to cuddle a bit...” says it in a dejected tone, already expecting Jinyoung to break free from his hold and force him to wake up and wash himself to start a morning full of textbooks and boring research.



But all he gets is silence, the muscles his arms are wrapped around suddenly tensing before he can feel the younger take a short breath. Mark looks up in search of the reason for such actions, but Jinyoung’s just staring to the side.


 


“Hyung don’t freak out, okay? But, uh... there kinda is a big spider on my pillow.”


 


At that he immediately widens his eyes and shoots up and out of the bed with a yelp, eyes looking for the supposedly offending insect and finding nothing but the messy white sheets and pillows on the mattress - a very smug looking smirk adorning his boyfriend’s face as he leaves the room.


 


“Jinyoung-ah that’s not fair play!” 


Not very important, but just wanted to clarify that Jinyoung's character would never had made a joke or taken advantage of it if Mark's character had an actual phobia towards spiders. What you read here is completely harmless with no bad intentions.