had continued the practice on the surface. Radios were possibly the most commonly bought items bought by monsters up on the Surface, and the skelebros were no exception to the norm.

But… this wasn’t like the smooth, plucking melodies Undyne would play on the piano, so different from her usual style. No… this was harsher, the low braying of a trombone combined with what sounded like a drum. The music was extremely loud, loud enough to drown out her knocks and probably her voice, too. So, after a minute’s debate, she tried the door. If they didn’t want anyone in, they’d lock it, right? They usually locked their door anyway, so when the door opened with little resistence, Alphys was surprised. She hesitantly walked down towards the living room, shutting the door behind her.

She stopped in surprise and awe as she saw Sans blasting away on a trombone as Papyrus beat on a drum almost as tall as he was. She had figured they had just left the radio on too loudly- both brothers could be considered guilty of doing so before, so it wasn’t a far stretch. The song ended shortly after she entered, and Papyrus jumped a little as he saw the lizard monster.

“AH! DOCTOR ALPHYS! WE AH… DIDN’T HEAR YOU COME IN!” Papyrus said nervously, sweating a little.

“what’cha need, Alphys?” Sans asked. Alphys didn’t know for sure where his trombone went, but if she had to guess, it would be the pocket dimension both brothers seemed to have nearby them. He appeared to be a bit sweaty too, but he seemed to be less rattled than his brother.

“I-I didn’t know you could play!” she squeaked instead, going red as she realized she didn’t answer the question Sans posed. The shorter skeleton shrugged it off, used to Alphys’s personality.

“we don’t advertise it.” Papyrus left the room at this point, figuring the two were going to nerd together.

“I AM GOING TO VISIT THE HUMAN AND LADY TORIEL, BROTHER! HAVE FUN!” He left, and Alphys heard the door slam.

“W-Why not? Y-you both are r-really good!”

Sans shrugged. “It’s a me and Papyrus thing… though our friends seem to be walking in on us recently. I wouldn’t be surprised if Undyne’s next. Anyway, what did you come over for?” Alphys felt that the subject switch and tone were the end of the conversation. She came over for a different reason, anyway.

“O-oh, right! I uh… wrote a p-program to stimulate the r-robotic limbs I was working o-on… but I think m-my math is off, and I-I need a second opinion…”

Sans nodded. “Ah. I’ll look it over for you. Go ahead to the table… you want anything? I think we still have noodles from last time…”

“I-if it’s not too much t-trouble… I brought s-soda.” She withdrew two cans from her coat pocket. “T-though we may w-want to open them over t-the sink…”

Sans shrugged, walking into the kitchen. Nothing more was said about the two brothers’ music inclinations.

Nothing else was needed.

Meant to post this three hours ago. Oops. Ah well, it's here now, right? ... Not entirely sure how I feel about this chapter either. Then again, I already said that I'm not sure how I feel about the whole thing in general, so.There's not really a specific song that's mentioned outright, but the song I was thinking of was Sandstorm. (I think. There's actually and Undertale Vine of it, with Sans playing the trombone to the music and then the blue heart coming in for the beat. I can't remember the title though.)


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Sans’s prediction proved to be wrong; it wasn’t Undyne who was next to walk in. It was Asgore who, like Toriel, was dragged in by Frisk.

Asgore visited the human child throughout the week, often times babysitting the child if all three of the other residents were busy with their various schedules by request of Frisk. Much of the peace keeping between Toriel and Asgore was done by the human child. It was Frisk who bargained about Asgore’s visits, though “bargained” is probably used incorrectly. It was more of “I’m going to visit him anyway so you might as well let it happen so that way you at least have some control over the matter” (signed far more politely) that made Toriel begrudgingly allow Asgore to visit Frisk, so long as they stayed in the living room portion of the house or stayed in the backyard. Anything else would either have to be run by Toriel or run by Toriel.

Anyway, today was just a