that shouldn’t work but it did. 

Liam led the way to a booth and ordered everyone drinks. It was hard to stay bitter towards him when he was being so kind. 

When the drinks came and everyone was settled Louis was ready to start catching up with Zayn. Zayn seemed to have other plans as he pulled Liam up to dance. He didn’t even bother asking Louis if he wanted to dance or even to excuse himself, no he just up and left Louis to look like a pitiful loner. Louis decided his crush on Zayn was not that big at all. 

Louis decides that letting a few guys buy him drinks while Zayn grinds on a taken man shouldn’t hurt anyone. After his third drink he goes to the booth to wait for them.

000

It’s the end of the night and Louis is sloshed, absolutely completely pissed out of his mind. It’s Zayn’s fault really, if he hadn’t brought super nice Liam with a boyfriend with him, Louis would have been able to just chill with him and talk. Not swallow his words along with a super sweet drink every time Zayn talked past him at Liam instead. 

Louis has never been the jealous type, but he hasn’t seen his friend in two months. He doesn’t have any friends here, and he was just looking forward to being with Zayn. 

But there was Zayn laughing at something Liam said, not even paying Louis any mind. Louis can’t help but feel pathetic at thinking his friend would do so anyway. He throws back the rest of his drink and goes to the bar to sit down. All the men that were buying him drinks earlier were gone. 

The bartender is smart enough to not give Louis anymore alcoholic drinks and instead passes him a water. Louis contemplates leaving the love birds and taking a cab home. He decides to wait another fifteen minutes, maybe they didn’t forget about me and they’re just catching up. Louis thought, even though it was an obvious reach seeing as Louis and Zayn were the ones that needed to catch up. 

Louis could spend that time trying to pull, but he knows he’s had too much to drink to trust himself. Well that was Louis’ initial thoughts until a boy, who was probably a figment of Louis’ imagination, sauntered in. He looked like he was looking for someone but Louis knew he’d never forgive himself if he didn’t try to at least talk to the long legged stranger. 

Louis finishes off his water and wills himself to not seem like like a drunk pony. The thought of a drunk pony made Louis suddenly giggle, startling himself into a halt. He lost the stranger after that and felt even worse, but admittedly knew something like that was would happen. 

Louis thinks now is a good time to leave so he goes to Zayn and Liam to tell them as much. But first Louis went to the bar to get another water before going over there. He didn’t want Zayn to see how much he affected him. After finishing his water he felt a little bit better and less like his head was on a boat. He walks over to Zayn and Liam. 

“Imma ready to go now Zaynieee” he slurred out as he neared his friends. They all turned towards him but Louis had to stop walking because the guy from his imagination was right there next to Liam. Even imaginary people liked Liam more than him. The thought made him sad again and he went remembered why he wanted to leave in the first place. 

“Zeeeee I want to go seriously, so I’m going to catch a cab if you won’t take me.” He knew he was being whiney but he didn’t really care. Louis’ own psyche betrayed him and he was feeling whiney because of it. 

“Hey Lou, where were you all night? Did you spend your night failing at pulling again?” Zayn laughed like he didn’t even care that Louis failed at pulling, which he hadn’t he was alone sans the few guys buying him drinks and then fucking off to God knows where; but Zayn didn’t pay enough attention to him to even know that.

“I was at the bar and I’m just ready to go is all,” he wasn’t looking for a deep conversation about  feeling tonight, or ever. 

“Okay, we’ll leave but first let me introduce you to Harry” Zayn was smirking and Louis couldn’t be sure, but he thought he was talking about the imaginary Judas. 

“You see him too?” Louis asked in astonishment which only made Zayn’s smirk grow. 

“Yes, Lou, I can see him and he can hear you” Zan explained calmly except his face was giddy.
When Louis went to check to see if judas could in fact hear him, he was met with greengreengreen. This man had to be imaginary, there was no other reason for his beauty. 

Your name is ‘Arry not Judas? It was a fair question in Louis’ opinion. If he was imaginary Judas he