stove who won't light up.

 

 

"Le'mme," he said and turn the gas higher and he turn the starter up and the fire flames.

 

 

"Thanks hun," his mother thanked him. "Now go to your room, clean it and give more space."

 

 

"Okay mum," he said and quickly climb back to his room.

 

 

Where his jumpers and boxers are just laid almost every part of the room.

 

 

He started to pick up his dirty clothes and put them on the bin. He open his window for some light and air to come in.

 

 

He then arrange his beds sheets, and his pillow tucking them neatly. He also cleaned his desk where there are trash papers, just some drawings that he rejected.

 

 

Once he was finish on his side of the room, he immediately started cleaning up the next bed, where Harry is sleeping.

 

 

Zayn is sharing his room with Harry, because Harry's old room was now being used by Waliyha.

 

 

He clean the bed just like what he had done to his bed. He already put the sheets in and the pillows are neatly tucked.

 

 

After 5 more minutes he was finally finish. He take with him the bin full of dirty clothes and some trashes and take them to the basement, where their washing matching is placed.

 

 

He took out the house his garbage and throw it on the big trash bin.

 

 

When he was about to go back inside, he heard someone 'psst' him. He already know who it is.

 

 

"What now, Liam?"

 

 

Liam is there neighbor across, he's a year older than Zayn and he likes Zayn. Like literally likes Zayn.

 

 

"Morning too, grumpy." Liam greeted while walking near Zayn and pinching Zayn's cheek.

 

 

"Oh, stop it." Zayn might be 17 but he has a bitchy attitude of an old woman.

 

 

"You like decorating your room?" Liam ask.

 

 

"No, I'm actually cleaning," Zayn responds with a bit of distaste.

 

 

"Oh my god," Liam half shouted. "Zayn Malik cleaning?"

 

 

"Bravo, bravo." He claps his hands, sending Zayn a teasing smile.

 

 

"Shut up, I clean my room all the time," Zayn clarifies, but Liam knows that its not true.

 

 

Liam smirk at Zayn and Zayn know that he couldn't lie.

 

 

"Okay maybe sometimes, but I still clean." Zayn stated while turning his back and walks back to the house.

 

 

Liam just continued laughing and admire the raven boy more.

 

 

Once Zayn entered the house, he was called by his mother. "Zayn?"

 

 

He went to the kitchem where his mum was, "yeah, mum?"

 

 

"Can you take Safaa a bath, she's at the living room watching cartoons and still hasn't taken one yet."

 

 

"Okay, mum." Zayn approved.

 

 

"Thanks hunny." His mother half shouted when Zayn was already at the living room getting Safaa from the couch.

 

 

"C'mon now, let get you freshen up." Zayn told her little sister and she just laugh at her brothers tone of voice.

 

 

He takes her on his arm and walk to the bathroom, they have two bathrooms actually the family use and the one on his room.

 

 

He takes her to his room and let her strip her clothes of. Zayn entered his bathroom to start the water, and walks out to get his sister.

 

 

"Let's get you in," Zayn said while lifting his sister and putting her on the tub.

 

 

He let her get wet, "now soap yourself while I shampoo your hair, okay?"

 

 

Safaa just nodded and takes the soap from Zayn's hands and started soaping herself.

 

 

Zayn poured the shampoo on his hands and placed it on Safaa's head. Rubbing them clean with his fingers.

 

 

After a few minutes he wash off his sister and soon let her dry, he handed to her his towel and let it wrap around her wet body.

 

 

"Now go to your room and dress pretty, okay?" Zayn said and Safaa mumbles, "I will."

 

 

Before she ran to her room.

 

 

Zayn chuckle at his sisters actions and cleans himself up and decided to change his clothes, since its all wet from Safaa's movements.

 

 

Knowing that his brother will soon arrive, he quickly change his clothes.

 

 

-

 

 

Harry already arrive a few minutes ago and he's now riding a cab to return home.

 

 

The car stopped, "we're here." The taxi driver said.

 

 

Harry paid h before jumping out of the car, and went back to grab his luggage.

 

 

Once he got his luggage, he pat the back of the taxi and thank the driver. The driver waved at Harry and drove off.

 

 

Harry turn his heels around and come face-to-face to his home, real home.

 

 

He took a deep breath before stepping forward. Once he was near the door, he couldn't help but smile because he's finally home.

 

 

He knock on the door and he could hear some gasp from the other side and fleets ruffles on the floor, he chuckle at his family.

 

 

Soon,