neither ever seems a viable option. He decides the latter would require less damage control, so he ventures, “Ran made it, she—”

“Oh, wow.” Shiho interrupts, feigning surprise and hurrying to fetch the plastic container from his hands. “Why didn’t you say so earlier? If sweet, perfect Ran made it, I couldn’t possibly let it go to waste. My, that’d be barbaric…”

His brows furrow in confusion as he watches her stab the plastic fork into the cake and stuff her mouth with an overly generous portion of pastry. “What the hell—”

“What?” She challenges, one hand covering half of her mouth as she chews with difficulty. “Isn’t this what you want? I’ll eat your precious cake, and you can go back to your dearest girlfriend—”

“Stop it,” His fingers circle around her wrists, keeping her in place. “You’re going to choke. Stop.”

“Let go! You’re not even supposed to be here.” She tries, unsuccessfully, to yank his hands away, but his grasp on her remains firm. “What kind of guy leaves his girlfriend on his birthday to meet another girl at wee hours of the night? Honestly, who does that?”

“God, you’re so incredibly aggravating.” He sighs with exasperation, hands pulling into his own hair. “Quit it with the girlfriend parade, will you? You’re starting to really piss me off.”

“Then go back to her, you moron.”

Shinichi can’t help but scoff. “Yeah, well. The thing is, I don’t have a girlfriend to go back to. And at this rate, if you keep ignoring my messages and ditching our dates I’ll most probably die alone in a nursing home before my sixtieth birthday.”

And she does that thing again. The thing where she just stares back at him saying nothing while a thousand questions run in her head and she voices out none of them. It’s frustrating in a maddening way. It drives him up the walls because every time she does that —and she does it all the time— he’s left in the dark, deciphering riddles with no clear answers.

After a long pause, Shiho scowls at him with indignation.

“Excuse you, how come I’m suddenly at fault of the many complications in your romantic life?”

Shinichi lets out an elongated, theatrical sigh.

“Because,” Gently, the boy takes the half-eaten cake from her hands, almost forcefully removing the plastic fork from her grasp. He carefully places them on the table before shifting back his attention to the girl in front of him. Gaze lowered, his fingers are hesitant when they latch into hers. But she doesn’t pull back, and he stares at her tentatively, “It’d be most difficult to ask you to be my girlfriend if you keep —profusely— denying me the opportunity to see you, let alone talk to you.” She blinks twice, her eyes flickering between their intertwined hands and his timid smile. “And I know that at least for you, my persuasion skills are a good minus ten, but please bear with me.” He takes a deep breath and when he speaks again, his tone is almost solemn, “I really really like you, Miyano Shiho. And I might be horribly mistaken to assume that you might like me too… but if you do, you’d be saving me an awful lot of trouble if you agreed to go out with me. And if you don’t, well… can you at least give me a chance to change your mind?”

One, two, three... Shinichi counts down the seconds before her reaction.

"Are you drunk?"

"No, I'm—"Shinichi buries his face on his hands, feeling drained, “I’m not drunk but you're seriously killing me right now."

"So... you like me."

Shinichi shots her an annoyed look through the gaps of his fingers before lowering his hands onto his lap. "I think we've already established that. Your answer?"

She's taken aback. "Eh, that’s unfair. You caught me off guard."

"That's not an answer."

"Kudo-kun,"

"Fine. Alright." He concedes, "You don't have to give me your answer yet. Just pick up the phone once in a while. And stop ignoring my messages. And bailing on me."

"You know, if you're going to be a control freak on me I'm going to have to seriously reconsider your offer."

"My bad, I'll make sure to settle our appointments with a two weeks’ notice. Happy now?"

"Very funny. Alright. I'll pick up the phone. Can't promise anything further."

"See? It wasn't that hard."

She throws a cushion at his face, which he dodges skillfully. "Shut up, Kudo-kun."

"Oi, be