worlds that he had helped bring to life…he couldn’t just stand by and let this happen any longer. 

“I heard you.” Error said. “But you can’t go out there, your soul isn’t ready, you’ll have another episode of almost passing out.” 

There was a hint of worry in Error’s voice, it was just barely there but Ink could pick up that tiny bit of worry that came out. A sigh escaped Ink’s throat, oh how he hated being treated like he was some child, along with being cooped up. Most importantly, all be damned if he couldn’t find his brush so he could leave to take care of whatever this was that was destroying. As much as he hadn’t wanted to escape, there was just no way he could be a good patient and stay where he was.

Error shook his head as he watched the spectacle before him, what the hell was up with Ink and wanting to save those wastes of space? Okay, so they were precious to him in some way or whatever, but that didn’t mean that they were truly important. What purpose did these other worlds have, what did they possibly stand for that Ink just had to save them? Either way…this was just some stupid issue, but what Ink said next made him stop in his tracks and look at him in a bit of horror. 

“I realize you don’t care about those universes but I know your super fond of the original universe, what if this thing attacks that? Do you realize that they could be in just as much trouble as those other ones? You should care Error!” Ink replied and Error frowned, dammit! Why did Ink have to think about that? Ugh…

Didn’t the other understand just a tiny bit at least? He couldn’t do anything with his injuries for crying out loud. 

“I’m sorry Error…but we need to save go save the universes from being destroyed now, I know I have some healing to do but this is important.” Ink said and Error groaned in annoyance as he rubbed his skull a little. “Your health is way more important than…but…the original…and…”

Ink could tell that Error was having a hard time with this, torn between keeping Ink safe and saving the universes. “Now, tell me where the hell my brush is because we really need to go take care of this little problem before it gets big.” He said, hating how he was making Error glitch out right now. But if he could just push Error into this…maybe, just maybe he could get him to finally see his way! Manipulation wasn’t something he liked to do, but he needed to just go do something, work on getting things normal at least.

A sigh escaped him and he started walking away, not waiting for Error to answer him as he looked around. Stars, he needed to really find that brush because the more time he took searching for it the more things would just go wrong. It worried him deeply that he was powerless to do anything right now while everyone was suffering…it made him feel horrible. “Fine.” He looked up when he heard the word, did Error just…did he give him the go ahead after fighting to do so? Oh he just wanted to hug Error right now for finally coming to his senses!

After a moment Ink squealed and practically tackled Error who gave a cry as they fell to the floor in a little heap. The darker skeleton looked up at Ink with wide eyes, unsure of what was happening right now, a little scared of touches still. “Oops!” Ink blushed and got up off of Error, giggling happily as he couldn’t help but fist bump the air. “Alright Error, can you please tell me where is my brush is?” Error rolled his eyes and sighed as he snapped his fingers and disappeared for a moment before reappearing with it. 

It looked undamaged, thank good ness…he couldn’t do anything if it was damaged beyond repair as it held his magic. “Thank you Error~” He said happily and took the brush, hugging it close to his body with a little happy purr. It felt just so amazing to hold it in his arms once again, to be able to create what he needed at a moment’s notice if need be. Stars, the urge to hug Error close was just so prominent right now but he felt he had touched the other too much. If he over stepped his want to hug him then he doubted Error would be compliant still.

He needed to watch that…yeah, make sure he kept the hugging to a minimum…he could do that.

After all, the last thing he needed was Error to glitch out and over react to things.

Okay…next he needed to figure out which AU’s had ended up hurt by the monster that had attacked them. Soon papers were all around him and now he could have a better look at all the AU’s that were