it’ll help..” Liam murmured.

The man in front of him absolutely beamed at him and clutched onto Liam’s hand, easily slipping his fingers through Liam’s and squeezing tightly. Liam felt all the heat rush to his face as he tried not to seem awkward, but it wasn’t working very well. Especially since someone was supposed to be watching them.

“Hey,” The guy whispered, “It’s ok. Just continue you on with what you were originally doing.” He assured.

Liam nodded slowly and pulled the man with him as he walked down the aisle in search for towels that he needed. He arrived at the bundles of towels and looked around, wondering if this guy’s ex girlfriend was following them or something. Suspicious, Liam looked around and didn’t notice any couple - or anyone for that matter. Unknowingly, Liam kept walking, dropping his towels of choice into his basket with one hand as the other stayed tangled with him.

Liam then pulled him to where his other products were, dropping each item in the basket, and looking around for another couple. He got suspicious when he only saw a couple elderly ladies, a mom and her son, a middle aged wife and husband, and two teenage girls laughing around the makeup section.

Liam frowned at the thought of this guy making him walk around here, holding hands, for nothing. “Say, where is your ex girlf-”

“Shit,” He cursed, “They’re hugging.” The guy muttered, quickly pulling his hand away from Liam’s and replacing it around his waist, reeling Liam towards him.

Liam had no say when they bumped hips and the guy urged Liam to keep acting natural. Yeah, because Liam normally goes to superstore’s and holds hands with hot strangers, that’s what Liam does daily everyday.

Liam bit back any comments and stared around, watching out for any young looking couple but he could only find the elderly group and the son running down to the checkout counter with a giant toy in his hand and his mother chasing after him. Liam glared at the people around him and decided he wanted to go,

as soon as he gets a couple of notebooks that are needed.

He quickly makes his way to the school supplies and looks around for the notebooks, the guy not letting go of him for even a second. Actually, his grip tightens for a second, like he’s seen somebody and Liam looks up and searches around for anybody this time, and finds; No one.

He’s seriously getting pissed off as he grabs and stuffs a bunch of random notebooks into the basket. He doesn’t even care what color, what design they have - he’s positive he saw one with a 2010 Justin Bieber on the cover, but he just didn’t care right now.

He huffed and looked towards the man, who was watching him curiously. Liam stared back until he began heading to the checkout counter when the guy abruptly pulled him back. Liam glared at him.

“Oh god,” He sighed, “Now they’re kissing.” He groaned sadly.

Liam bolted his head in every direction, looking for a kissing couple, and he nearly felt bad for this guy - having to watch his ex girlfriend kissing some other man -, you know he almost felt bad, if only he wasn’t lying.

Liam turned back, ready to call out the guy for his untrusty decisions but before he even had a chance to say anything, the guy was kissing him.

Lips molded, Liam dropped his basket and put his hands rushly on the guys chest and tried to pry him off but the guy seemed to snake his arms around Liam’s torso and kept him tight. Unlike the guys, Liam’s eyes were blown open and he caught a sneak of the two teenage girls from earlier staring at him and giggling before rushing away.

It took a while but Liam finally melted into the kiss and wrapped his arms around the guys shoulders, etching him closer. The guy’s tongue prodded on Liam’s bottom lip and he opened his mouth before a second permission was asked. Their tongues danced and yes, Liam will admit he’s making out with a complete stranger at Target but, he can also tell you his heart was swelling and his stomach was full of fluttering so it was ok - almost.

The guy pulled back suddenly, letting them both catch their breath.

Liam panted as he stared at the hazel colored eyes. “What’s your name?” Liam asked.

“Zayn.” He answered, “You?”

“Liam.” He said, whipping around and noticing they were alone - well as alone you can be with various security cameras all around you.

Zayn chuckled, “You know, I made it all up.” He announced almost proudly. “No one walked in, I don’t even have an ex girlfriend.”

“You little shit.” Liam hissed. “Why would you lie?” He pressed.

“Well, I saw this gorgeous boy,” Zayn began, trailing his hand down Liam’s