Asami Sato was having a horrible day.

The first few seconds had been normal enough, but that was as far as it went. She’d woken up to her alarm clock as usual, and gone to hit snooze, as usual. She’d repeated this routine hundreds of times in the past, with no unexpected results. She’d had no reason to suspect this time would be any different.

Except, when she’d reached out this time, she’d been startled by a loud buzzing followed by a sharp crack that split the air and left the room smelling of electricity and burnt plastic. Her alarm clock had been reduced to a lump of half-melted plastic.

Things had only gone downhill from there. It hadn’t taken her long to figure out that anything she touched that was even remotely conductive, that object would immediately be zapped with a small bolt of lightning, emanating from her hand. The engineer in her couldn’t figure out where all this energy was coming from, but it certainly seemed to be coming from her.

Asami had heard stories, read internet posts, and even seen a few credible news reports of people manifesting strange abilities like this. Some people said it was an evolutionary development, others said it was a mutation caused by pollution, some had even suggested it was the result of alien experimentation, but it didn’t matter. It certainly hadn’t mattered to her father. Apparently the idea of having an “alien mutant freak” for a daughter hadn’t sat well with him, regardless of the how or why.

And so Asami now found herself sitting at a bus stop, hoping it wouldn’t rain. She leaned back against her bench, instinctively keeping one hand placed on the lone suitcase she’d had time to pack before fleeing her home. She wasn’t sure where she planned to go; she had no family or close friends to turn to. Since her mother’s death it had always been just her and her father. But now she didn’t have him, either.

A short gust of wind cut through Asami’s clothes, and she pulled her jacket a little tighter around her shoulders.

“Rough day?”

Asami nearly jumped out of her seat at the unexpected greeting, and whirled around to face this newcomer. An athletic-looking young woman sat on the back of the bench next to her. Despite the chilly weather, she was wearing a sleeveless blue shirt that showed off her toned arms, and her thick brown hair was pulled into an unusual but cute trio of ponytails. There was an air of strong confidence about her, but her friendly smile put Asami at ease. Under normal circumstances Asami might have asked for her number.  Unfortunately, these circumstances were far from normal.

Asami realized she hadn’t actually heard this woman approach. She was holding an odd walking stick in one hand, but other than that gave no indication of just how she got there. Up until a moment ago the street had been totally deserted, so there was no way Asami could have missed her. Where had this girl come from?

She looked at Asami expectantly, clearly awaiting an answer to her question. This probably wasn’t a good day to be trusting strangers who appeared out of nowhere, but with her sympathetic smile and relaxed demeanor the mysterious woman seemed harmless enough. “You’ve got no idea,” Asami responded flatly.

“Actually, I think I might.” The stranger gestured to a spot on the bench next to Asami. “Mind if I join you?”

Asami shrugged. “Go ahead.”

The woman dropped, almost floated, down onto the bench. “My name’s Korra,” she started, offering her hand in greeting.

Asami reached out to accept it, but pulled back as she remembered what would happen if she got too close. It was too late though. An electric crackling sounded as a bright blue arc shot out from Asami’s fingertips, connecting with Korra’s outstretched hand. Korra pulled her hand back with a yelp, and Asami reflexively leapt up, clutching her own hands to her chest to keep them as far away from this attractive stranger as possible.

“I am so sorry,” Asami stammered in apology. “Are you alright? I didn’t mean to hurt you.” 

Thankfully it looked like this had only been a small spark, but Asami had no way of controlling her electricity. If she wasn’t more careful she could wind up killing someone.

“Relax,” Korra replied with a dismissive wave. “Believe me, I’ve had worse. It stung a bit, but I’m alright.”

“Thank goodness,” Asami replied as she sat back down, her heart still pounding. She narrowed her eyes in suspicion as a realization struck her. “Wait, I just shot you with lightning. Why are you not freaking out right now?”

“I’ve gotten used to it.” Korra leaned forward and her expression shifted, suddenly becoming more serious.  She frowned apologetically; obviously she knew more than she was letting on. “Actually,