her, and take Teyla in her arms, as Teyla so desperately wants; but then John is at her side, and Ronon is a warm presence at her back, and Rodney is uncertainly shuffling closer.

"Mind if I ask what the hell's going on?" John asks, staring at Sora.

Sora lifts her chin.  "It's no business of yours."

"I'm going to have to disagree," John says.  "Teyla's pregnancy is for family only.  Now if you'd just care to explain exactly what you're doing with the Athosians--"

"She is family," Teyla interrupts.  "She is my wife."

"Teyla is carrying my child," Sora says at the same moment, and if the gate room was chaotic before, it is now the most silent Teyla has ever known.

"How is that even possible?" Rodney says, and while for the most part his tone is incredulous, there is also a note of genuine curiosity underneath.  Teyla closes her eyes and sighs, and wonders when the Lanteans will want to begin their endless testing for something that is otherwise entirely natural.

"You have encountered Ancient technology, right, McKay?" John says.  His voice is harsh with sarcasm and he is still glaring at Sora.  He has let his gun fall back against his chest, but his hands are cradled over it in a position that is tense with readiness.

"We had been betrothed since childhood," Teyla explains, although this can in no way be considered the time or the place.

"But--"  John winces, as if he knows it is the wrong issue to raise, and then he shakes his head and shrugs his question instead.

"We are each our fathers' firstborn," Sora says, and the defiance in the set of her shoulders has definitely grown.  "The alliance between the Genii and any other people demands fertility as evidence of good intent."

"John, I am sorry I did not tell you," Teyla says.  "I did not want to...complicate things further."

"How is the baby even male?" Rodney continues, but Ronon buffets him on the arm and he trails off into mutters and finally silence.

"I did not know that Sora would remain with my people once they were captured," Teyla said.  "Once we had fulfilled the obligation of the alliance...  This is as unexpected for me as it is for you."

"Not quite," John says, but Teyla hasn't truly taken her eyes off of Sora since the moment she walked through the gate, and she does not have the time or the temper to soothe him.

"We were forced to run when the Djamuri army overwhelmed us," Sora says.  Teyla notices for the first time that she is dust-streaked, sweat-stained.  Her hair is filthy, cut short, showing only hints of red and gold.  She is weary, as tense as John is and hiding it even less well.  She is unutterably beautiful.

"And you stayed safe all this time?" Teyla asks.  She wants to say, are you safe?  are you well? but she cannot.  Not yet.  Perhaps not ever.

"We travelled to as many worlds as were still safe," Sora says, "but we had to keep moving once the Replicators started destroying worlds."

The map of hardships is written on her face.  Teyla wants to ease all the hurts from her, wash her body clean and trace every moment that they were parted.  She did not know she was carrying this wound so deeply, but now that it is healed, she feels the release like the weight of tears in her throat.  She can only hate that it happened like this, that they are surrounded by those who cannot understand.

"Hey," Ronon says.  "You should rest."

It is not clear which of them he means, for all at once Teyla feels that she cannot stay on her feet a moment longer and Sora looks just as near to collapse; but John seems to see his Marines for the first time, the gawking audience all about them.

"Yeah," he says.  "Okay.  Clear out," he orders, at parade volume, and then he takes Teyla's elbow.  "Are you sure about this?"

"I am certain," she says.  In her heart she is.  In her mind there are still questions, uncertainties, but those can most certainly wait.  It is her heart that she must tend to in this moment.

In an eternity, she has brought Sora to her quarters, and they are alone.  John and Colonel Carter will expect briefings, explanations, but tomorrow will be soon enough.  "Come," Teyla says, and starts the water in the bath, warm and soothing.

She helps Sora from her clothes.  In ragged layers, under torn cast-offs, the body that she remembers so well emerges, bruised but never broken.  Sora watches her, and she lets her hands trail over Teyla's wrists, brushing her hair back to watch her face, standing still and calm until she is naked and pale and seeming so lost.