for that kind of behaviour anymore, I didn't deserve being treated like some disgusting unworthy thing before and I certainly don't deserve being treated like an easy object now. When you look at me keep your eyes above my belt, I am a person with feelings and right now you're pissing every one of them off."

Dean was shocked at how pissed Cas was, he'd just tried to sign up to be vice president for pete's sake! "Cas, I promise I'm only signing up to help Jo out this year. And I'll admit I signed up for vice because you'll be president but I was going to be a rep regardless, okay?" He knew that being fully honest would have meant saying 'I want to watch you and stay close, more opportunities to prove myself' and all that, but of course then the little talking to he'd just gotten would have been a bit more violent.

Castiel stared at him, judging his honesty painfully close. "Fine." He removed his finger from Dean's chest and stepped back, "You'd better put the effort in, though. I'm not going to run this whole thing by myself. Don't you dare skip a single meeting." He briskly walked to class, just before the bell went, leaving Dean the only one late.

"Gotta say..." Dean smiled and rubbed his chest as the pain settled in from where Cas' finger had been resting. "He's even hotter when he's pissed." He couldn't get enough of that voice, the low growl in everything that Cas said when speaking to him. It was obviously a sign of his anger but damn it sounded good.

The day was over, finally. Castiel sighed and went to his locker, he wasn't out yet, he wasn't free just yet. He glanced at all the faces that turned toward him and he felt himself smiling. 'Why am I smiling at these people? None of them know what their bullying did to me. None of them moved to help. It wasn't just Dean... so why am I taking it all out on him? The only one trying to reconcile things?' He shook his head and threw his things into his bag. He just wanted to get home, to go talk to Balthazar about it.

"I'll see you guys later," he smiled at Garth and Chuck who both returned the expression.

"Yeah, glad you came back, Cas." Chuck waved.

"You're doing awesome!" Garth gave him a thumbs up.

Castiel laughed lightly and headed toward the exit, passing by Dean and Jet on his way. He made a point of not looking at them as he walked past, knowing full well that Dean's eyes were on him. Cas wanted to glance back, to see if Dean kept his eyes above waist level, but he didn't. As he walked outside he saw Balthazar's car sitting there, his English friend waving casually from the driver's side. Cas smiled excitedly and ran over as Balthazar hopped out to greet him.

They leaned over and kissed one another's cheeks, arms wrapping around each other in a quick hug. "What're you doing here?" Cas asked as he stepped back again.

"Well I knew your first day would probably be pretty terrible so I figured I'd stop in and give you a ride home." Balthazar smiled and glanced over at the front door where Dean was staring at them. The description that Cas had given of the guy seemed to fit this one so he made a note of what Dean's expression seemed to be. "Jealous."

"What?" Cas turned back and spotted Dean who definitely had a sour look on his face. "Oh... I don't think so, Balthy. That's Dean."

"I kind of figured. But he looks jealous." Balthazar grinned and gently stroked Castiel's cheek, "If our greeting to one another pisses him off then this is going to be too much fun."

Cas smirked, "You're awful, you know that? If he's jealous at all it's because you get to touch me. He's kinda pervy these days."

"He's a teenager, of course he is." Balthazar walked around the other side of the car and hopped in. "Let's go, let's go!"

Castiel laughed and hopped in as the music flared up, an English-popular mixed CD with a bunch of choice dance songs. He'd only been in Europe for a few years but he knew these songs well enough since they were Balthazar's favourites. He did a little dance in his seat as he belted himself in and Balthazar nearly floored it and they tore off the lot.

Dean was left standing and staring in complete awe. "Who the hell was that creep! ?" He stuck his palm out toward where the car had been, Jet standing at his side and shrugging