s go!" and with that, he and Ron jumped on the two brooms that Hermione had neglected to notice propped against the wall, grabbed the handles of the duffel bag filled with water balloons, sneered simultaneously at her, and took off towards the ground. That was when Hermione realized that not only was this a pre-meditated assault, it was planned to the last detail. She wondered if perhaps Ron would one-day use his gifts for strategy in a more beneficial manner—such as creating seating charts at weddings. She still did not realize how clever Harry was. -x- By the time she'd strolled down the seven flights of stairs and out into the courtyard, Harry and Ron had long since landed and were currently hiding behind a shrubbery, and bickering over warfare tactics in hushed voices. Several feet away, Malfoy—who was beginning to regret leaving the safety of the Slytherin dungeons without his two cohorts—was spinning around sopping wet with his wand out looking for his antagonist. "Peeves!" Malfoy yelled, wide-eyed with fury. "Peeves, you bloody git, come out and fight like a man!" There was a chorus of snickering behind the shrubbery. "How did you manage to make it down here without being seen?" Hermione asked, casually walking over to the bush and pretending to inspect the blossoms. The snickering stopped immediately and two stocking-clad heads peaked out sheepishly. "You're not going to give us away are you, Hermione?" Ron asked, panicked. "We're on a reconnaissance mission." Harry growled at her. She was going to give their position away like the fascist she was if she didn't leave soon! Hermione hummed noncommittally and plucked a flower from the shrub. "What do I get out of it?" "You get to be our auxiliary unit," Ron offered. Hermione considered. Harry growled again. "Granger!" Malfoy had spotted her and was scowling furiously when she turned around, and raised a questioning eyebrow. Harry and Ron ducked quickly. "Granger," Malfoy growled, striding forward and leaving a little wet trail behind him, "where's the other two-thirds?" One-third of the other two-thirds was currently drooling over the way Malfoy's robes clung fetchingly to his body. The other one-third was digging through the duffle bag and cocking his weapon—preparing to ambush if Hermione turned out to be a mole. "Honestly, Malfoy, how should I know?" Hermione asked in an exasperated voice. Two sighs of relief were issued from behind the shrubbery. Malfoy, however, kept coming forward. He stopped a mere two feet from Harry and Ron's hiding place and glared hatefully at Hermione. "They did this," Malfoy declared, gesturing to his wet robes and hair. Behind the bush, Harry carefully adjusted his battle robes over his lap. "I thought you said Peeves did it, Malfoy," Hermione said innocently. "You saw!" Malfoy glared. "You saw and you did nothing to help!" Hermione shrugged, and at that moment, two more red and yellow balloons splattered across Malfoy's face. He yelped and narrowed his eyes at the shrubbery. "Potter!" Malfoy growled, taking a cautious step forward. There was a scuffling noise and hushed whispers of 'no—you'll reveal our location' and 'if we allow ourselves to be captured, we can bring them down from the inside', a long pause, a whispered 'okay' and then Harry rolled out from behind the bush like a ninja, crouching down like a tiger prepared to strike. Ron rolled out the other way, Hermione suspected to create confusion, and right into a patch of nettles. "Ow." "Potter!" Malfoy yelled, charging forward. Harry yelped, and girlishly tossed two more water-balloons at Malfoy as he stumbled backwards with his arms over his face. Malfoy tackled him to the ground and started whacking him over the head with his Arithmancy book. Harry couldn't have been more delighted. "You'll not take us alive!" Ron said for the second time that day, and Hermione had to hide a grin behind her hand as he ran over and slammed the entire duffle bag of water balloons down on Malfoy's head. "Take that!" he said triumphantly. "Ron!" Harry whined. "You got me all wet! That's a direct violation of emissions security!" Malfoy had temporarily stopped pounding Harry, and was looking thoughtfully between Harry, Ron and their smudged eyeliner. "Emissions?" he questioned. He was ignored. "Sorry," Ron shrugged sheepishly, adjusting the stocking foot on his head. "I couldn't help it. I saw Malfoy pounding you into the ground and I just couldn't watch." He pointed at Malfoy. "See? He's stopped now." "Oh," Harry said with a smile. "Well, it's okay then. You always know exactly what I need." Ron blushed and coughed in confusion, and Harry held out his hand from under Malfoy. "Come on,