the bay, and as the temperature drops, Bolin can’t help but notice how gloriously warm his entire body has become. His pants are uncomfortably tight, but he doesn’t give a damn, because he doesn’t want to think about what might happen if they come off and he really likes that look on Iroh’s face.

He’s leaning against the warm face of the cliff face that overlooks the bay, his eyes locked on Bolin’s, one hand holding him close by the belt and the other-

oh, yes.

The general is going agonizingly slow, letting his fingers trace the width and strength of him through his pants. Bolin has been rooted to the spot since he dragged him there, half-running, half-stumbling, and a bit more obscured from the view of any amorous-minded teenagers hoping to score at the lookout point. 

He has tried half a dozen times to form a sentence, to speed up his movements, to beg for another kiss, to hold him close, or at least let him catch his breath for a minute or three- all in vain. He can see the way his companion’s pants have stretched conspicuously, the way his eyes flash with mischief and greed, and -my personal favorite, he thinks- the way he’s letting his hardness rub lightly against Bolin’s.

In between heated kisses, Iroh has led the heavily aroused and nearly incoherent earthbender to Republic City’s bay. He mounts his beautiful ship with purpose, unabashedly taking Bolin by the hand, and depositing him in the general’s quarters.

“So…”

Bo looks around nervously. “Here we are, in your room. Alone.” A chuckle.

“You and me. Two people. Us. Alone. In here.” He clears his throat.

“Your room. Alone.”

“One more word and you’re getting tied to the headboard.”

“Wh- oh, fuck.”

================

His bonds are loose, and for some odd reason this disappoints Bolin. He’s not allowed to dwell on it for too long, because Iroh straddles him confidently, meeting his nervous mouth with a deep, intense kiss. Distracted by his mouth and the gentle rock of his hips, Bolin doesn’t notice as Iroh slowly opens his tunic, stroking the exposed skin with practiced tenderness. 

When he ends the kiss, Iroh moves lower, smoothing over the landscape of Bolin’s powerful torso- firm and smelling of earth. He trails kisses down to his diaphragm, pausing to bite only when his breathing gets too deep. 

“I think you’ve been punished enough,” he murmurs, and with a flick of the wrist the rope holding Bo to the headboard is singed away.

“Good aim there, gen- I mean, Iroh.”

He felt the warmth of Bolin’s voice fill him up instantly. There was something about the way he said his name: a little breathy, thick with arousal, and low in his throat. It made him painfully hard. 

They stayed like that for a minute or so, Bolin on his back, the underside of his cock pressed to Iroh’s through layers of clothing, and the general stroking his friend’s naked chest.

“What am I supposed to do now?” the earthbender asks.

“That depends.”

“On what?”

He leans down low, taking one of Bo’s large, expressive hands in his own, letting the other cup his hardness.

“On whether you give me what I want-“

Lightning fast, Bolin is heavy and throbbing in the general’s palm, groaning and shuddering.

“Or I take it.”

posted on tumblr: http://atomic-comic.tumblr.com/post/25917557861/welp

Broh smut on a boat.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

“What am I supposed to do now?” the earthbender asks.

“That depends.”

“On what?”

He leans down low, taking one of Bo’s large, expressive hands in his own, letting the other cup his hardness.

“On whether you give me what I want-“

Lightning fast, Bolin is heavy and throbbing in the general’s palm, groaning and shuddering.

“Or I take it.”

=====

“Which do you prefer, Bolin?”

As his head sinks back into the pillows, Bolin inhales deeply. He can smell something under the laundry soap: eucalyptus and skin. Through his eyelashes, he can see Iroh’s flushed face, his eyebrows arched in a silent challenge. He can feel the general’s hand holding him, steady and firm. The delicious pressure of his fingers gets more and more intense with each stuttering breath as he leaks onto the space between his thumb and index finger.

“G-give. Give!” he blurts out- breathlessly landing himself into his single worst nightmare. 

Girls were easy for Bolin. A little flex, a bit of comedy, romance for the sappy ones and teasing for the bolder ones, slap, tickle, and a round of who’s-your-favorite-bending-brother-