s what you want,” Jace says, shrugging and hoisting himself away from the wall. The world spins momentarily and he stands still before walking over to where Alec waits.

“After you,” Alec says. He pushes the door open and Jace wobbles in, collapsing on the comforter the moment he’s within reach of his bed. Alec comes over and kneels to remove Jace’s shoes before bending over Jace to pull his jacket off. Jace seizes the opportunity to grip Alec’s biceps, tugging him down on top of him, “Jace, come the fuck on. I’m just trying to make sure you don’t die in your sleep.”

“Mm, then just stay. You can watch over me while I sleep,” Jace replies, something dreamy in his tone. He adjusts underneath Alec, aligning their hips, and rolls up just once, experimentally. Alec gasps with the realization that Jace is already hard and drops his head beside Jace’s neck just for a moment, trying to regain his composure and stop himself from letting Jace have his way, stop his body from reacting.

“Who’d you sleep with?” Alec asks, voice hoarse with the strain of control. He puts his palms on the sides of Jace’s head, uses them to lift himself enough to look Jace in the eyes, enough so that their bodies aren’t flush together anymore.

“Just some guy,” Jace says, cupping the back of Alec’s neck in an attempt to bring him closer for a kiss.

“Just some guy?” Alec asks, incredulous. He detangles himself from Jace and sits up.

“Don’t be mad, ‘lec,” Jace says, sitting up and resting his head on Alec’s shoulder, “Just wanted to be good for you. Wanted to know how to do it.”

“Get some rest,” Alec responds, laying Jace down on his pillows. He removes Jace's jacket and jeans with ease now that Jace isn’t messing with him, tosses the blanket over Jace, and even tucks him in before leaving.

Jace wakes to pounding on his door. He groans, head splintering in pain, “What? What the fuck?”

“Jonathan Christopher Herondale,” Maryse yells from the hallway, “You slept through the entire school day. That’s ‘what the fuck’. Get out of bed now and meet me in my office.”

Jace sits up, back against the headboard, eyes clasped shut. His stomach lurches and he quells it by resting his head against the wall behind him. He risks opening a single eye, just a slit, and notices that someone left a muffin, aspirin, and Gatorade--fruit punch, his favorite and arguably the best flavor of Gatorade--on his bedside table.

“Thank you, Alec,” Jace says, smiling to himself. He gingerly stands from his bed and slides on sweats, leaning against the side of his mattress for support.

Downstairs, in Maryse’s office, he scarfs down the muffin, puts the pill on the back of his tongue, and chugs it down with Gatorade. Maryse watches him, a harsh edge to her expression. He returns her glare with far less venom.

“Yes, Maryse?”

“Do you want to tell me what happened last night? Why you slept through school?”

“Did Alec tell on me?”

“You know he didn’t,” Maryse starts, clearing her throat, “I heard the two of you stumbling in at 3am. Now, I know Alec wouldn’t be out late. I know he went to get you. What happened?”

“Where is he?”

“Picking up Max. Then they’ll be home," Maryse pauses, "Jace, what happened?”

“I went out. I was out late. Alec came to get me.”

“You know the rules. Out late, you still go to school.”

“I couldn’t help it. I was...hungover,” Jace admits. His attention moves to the interesting shade of purple Maryse has painted her office.

“And apparently with someone,” Maryse says, gaze focused on the marks covering his neck.

“Uh, yeah,” Jace says. He brings a hand up to hide where most of the damage is.

“Don’t make plans for Saturday. You have detention and they’re giving you all the work you missed."

“Why the fuck didn’t you wake me up?” Jace asks the moment Alec, Izzy, and Max get home.

“Language,” Izzy condemns, leading Max upstairs.

“You were hungover. Did you really want to go to school today?”

“Petty, Alec. You’re mad about last night and now I have to go to school on Saturday!”

“I was looking out for you, Jace. Like always,” Alec says, stomping up the stairs with Jace on his tail. He tries to slam the door in Jace’s face but Jace is too quick, sliding into Alec's room with just a gap of space left.

“You know what your problem is,