’re in my territory, and still think you can avoid me? How cute.”

His free hand drifted high on Furihata’s torso, pressing against the bare skin peeking out beneath his basketball jersey to drum against his thundering pulse. Briefly, the mismatched stare glimmered with amusement before once more linking with the smaller boy’s quavering pair.

“Are you truly that nervous?” he purred.

If possible, Kouki’s pulse accelerated further. This deadly calm facade was frightening, terrifying to be exact. What was Akashi intending, and why was he so placid about it?

“You should be.”

The breath he had been constraining ejected when Akashi crushed their mouths together. Though Kouki was relieved he hadn’t met his demise, the situation was an uncertain one. Akashi’s tongue was far too deft, and it had been ages since he last experienced such a dizzying high. He became lost, boneless in the Rakuzan captain’s grasp, and allowed himself to drown in the fervor.

As Kouki began to succumb to the frenzy, the ticking of the clock echoed vaguely in his thoughts. His main tactic then returned, his hazy mind nudging him forward as reality weighed down upon him. His hands pressed against Akashi’s chest, attempting to push him away and divide their connection. 

“Don’t.”

Subdued but firm, his voice rang in Furihata's ear, denying any opportunity for escape. Kouki fruitlessly squirmed, but ultimately gained no ground. His eyes once more rose to peer over at the ticking clock, pointedly aware that time was limited, but Akashi's persistence didn't waver. 

“Kouki,” Lips sealed around the lobe of one of his ears, teeth gently nicking the tender spot. “Don’t you think you kept me waiting for far too long?” The other’s voice winded sinuously, and only part of his meaning absorbed. “After all, you know if we don’t speak, then I’ll be lonely.”

His eyes closed, his mind asserting that he had a strategy, that the next time he faced Akashi he would carry it out no matter what. But the longing in Akashi's tone only made his resistance crumble. He was used to his lover’s ridiculous overtures, but now was not the time. Not when they still had to resolve their argument, not when he still had to apologize for his actions that day.

And definitely not when they were ten minutes away from returning to the court.

“There isn’t enough time.” Hazel eyes snapped open, their depths colored with resolve.

“I don’t mind a challenge. Besides,” Akashi’s tenor altered to one of complete sincerity, “If I have to choose between having the time to talk with you properly later, or rushing that discussion by having it now, I know what my pick would be.”

Kouki’s lips trembled at his declaration, and within moments, he knew he’d lost the battle between his heart and his mind. So long as he had the promise of them smoothing things over later, he wasn’t concerned about what might happen in between then and now.

"Fine," he surrendered, "But I have a feeling I'm going to regret this. Somehow."

His irritated response was punished by fingers boldly searching his front, latching onto the thriving bulge and stroking it into stiffness.

“It would seem you’re content to remain here with me after all, Kouki.” Akashi slowed the pace of his hand ever so agonizingly. “I’ll honor those feelings.”

He wasted absolutely no time, but given how time was ticking each second closer to the team's reunion, there was none to waste.

The pressure against his now unrobed member only intensified as Akashi adjusted his grip. He knew all the right buttons to push, and he took pride in that.

“Don’t you think so, Kouki?” he echoed his early inquiry, "That it's been far too long?"

“Uh huhm, yes, too long.”

Insistent digits sought the tip, pads grazing the bubbling slit. Akashi's lips then ghosted against the other's forehead, rewarding his agreement with a trace of benevolence.

“Don’t you believe it’s cruel, keeping me waiting?”

Before Kouki could utter a somewhat coherent response, those slender digits were shoved through his parted lips. He moaned softly, his tongue coasting along the salty skin and sampling his own fluid.

“Is this your answer?”

The fingers smoothly rubbed against the walls of his mouth, pushing deeper and stimulating color to flood his cheeks. His mind vividly compared the action to the memory of Akashi stroking within him the last time they….

“Do you taste how much you’ve missed me, Kouki?” Akashi grazed his silky cheek, appraising the irritated demeanor.

How could he not be annoyed though? Here he had constantly warned the idiot of the time, and he wanted to play catch up. In under ten minutes.

Seijuro grinned at the hooded, clouded gaze and retreated from his position, eliciting a