m glad I let you take me out.” She says, Zayn stopping the car in front of her flat. “I’m glad you did as well. Weren’t you just pleasantly surprised?” He asks, and his dried up humor is just the same tempo as hers. And it’s so god damn refreshing.

She lets out a breath through her nose, imitating thought. “Hmm. Don’t know yet. I’ll decide in ten to thirty days, I’ll get back to you on that Mr,” And she's mostly initiating that she wants to know his last name.

“Pleasantville.” He replies breezily, reaching his hand out, wanting to shake hands. She scoffs, and shakes his hand. Out of nothing but pity of course. “Ah, yes. Pleasantville. I think I’ve heard that before.”

“May I walk you to your door Miss Eleanor?” He asks politely, his mouth cracking up into a soft smile. “No.” She replies flatly, stepping out of his car praying that he knows she’s fucking around (he’s stepping out too, so she thinks that means he does).

“I had a surprisingly refreshing time, thank you.” She speaks in a serious tone, walking in time with Zayn up to her door (shoes still clacking). They stop at the door, this first date air between them. Like, the air between them feels tense and rough, like it doesn’t know what’s going to happen either (hence, “first date air”).

Zayn reaches up, his shirt moving up his arm and bunching up at the elbow, he pushes a stray piece of her hair out of her eyes, and she thanks him with a chuckle.

She almost (almost!) wants to say something outright and obvious like, “so you gonna kiss me or what?” but she knows that would be obnoxious. So she just settles for touching some random thing on him hoping he does something, anything.

She smooth’s out the collar on his shirt and gets rid of a small crinkle that’s been there the entire night (which no, she wasn’t staring at intently, she swears). He finally takes her wrists in his hands and leans down, mouth so close to hers she can feel him exhale through his nose.

“If you wanted to kiss me you could’ve just said it.” He breathes out and suddenly Eleanor’s stubborn side returns. “God, you’re so full of-" and the rudest thing that’s ever happened to her like ever happens. He like, kisses her while she was speaking.

It’s a forceful kiss. Their lips smashed together, Eleanor’s wrists still in his hands. It’s invigorating. It’s so much at once. And Eleanor thinks she could really begin to like this awful fast.

She pushes the envelope first. She opens her mouth against his ever so slightly, letting him know he can go further with the kiss. Just as to be expected he takes the opportunity in complete earnest, immediately opening his in return, their breaths mixing together (along with their spit and tongues but anyways).

It’s all very much that happened very fast, because she doesn’t exactly remember being pinned against her door, but then again that’s not necessarily a bad thing.

Zayn's let her hands go and he’s decided to place one of his on her face, and the other propped up against the door, keeping him (and Eleanor) up straight.

He flicks his tongue against hers, and it’s warm and messy all at once. It’s undeniably hot.

But there’s this thing going through Eleanor’s mind over and over again. “You don’t know him, you don’t even know him, you don’t know him” and it’s very annoying while she's trying to enjoy making out with him.  

She uses her now free hands to push him off of her by his shoulders. Zayn's mouth is the shade of her lipstick, and his cheeks are flushed. Its borderline obscene really.

“I need to know your last name.” She breathes out harshly, like all the oxygen in her lungs was taken from her and would never return. Zayn lets small laughs leave his open mouth. “Malik. My, uh, my last name is Malik. Sorry I just, forget to mention it. Didn’t know it was eating you alive.” She feels a lot better now, knowing that he would tell her. It’s comforting in the strangest kind of way.

“Shut up. It wasn’t ‘eating me alive’ per say. I was just, a little curious is all.” She bluffs, her voice getting higher near the end. It is just comical. He smiles, his bright teeth making a rather spectacular appearance. “Okay. Now that that’s taken care of. Would you like to grant me the honor of informing me of your