were bloodshot.

Then I realised… he blamed me. That must be it. I was the reason he had lost everything. I had lost our child. I never knew it was possible to cry as much as I had, I changed the pillowcases six times from soaking them through. I had strained every muscle, the violent sobs draining me completely. Yet, nothing compared to how my body ached to hold Spencer.

I’d had enough. We needed to talk. I couldn’t bare being alone a second longer, if that meant taking responsibility for the loss then so be it. I needed him. I needed to be with my husband, we should be grieving together.
I moved through the darkness of our bedroom, dimly lit by the street lamps outside. On entering the living room, I saw no light through the crack of the study door. There was no sound, either. Tiptoeing ever so quietly, I made my way to the door and stood with my ear against the cool wooden panel.

Nothing. Silence.

I took a moment to steady my breathing, acknowledging the uneasy feeling at the pit of my stomach, before turning the handle slowly and gently pushing the door open. The room was engulfed in darkness, the moonlight splintering through the blinds. I could see him, he was sat on the floor, slumped against the wall. Was he asleep like that? My gaze shifted to the ground as something caught my eye, the light of the moon causing it to glimmer. I slowly stepped closer, straining my eyes to see through the darkness. 

Then I realised. My heart sank through my chest and my body tensed as I viewed the small glass bottle on the floor, empty. I slipped over to the desk and pulled open the drawer. There they were. Full.

Oh no.

I snapped myself out of the daze and moved towards the light switch, flicking it on. My fists clenched as I surveyed the scene, watching Spencer as he stirred and came to, surrounded by a few more empty bottles, needles and a belt.

I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Spencer had left me alone for days, struggling to come to terms with our loss just to sit and ruin the years of progress he had made after his initial addiction. Anger flooded through my veins as he bolted to his feet, realising now what I had discovered.

“(Y/N), please… let me explai-”

“Explain? Are you fucking kidding me right now?” I snapped back, my tone was enraged. “You’ve been taking Dilaudid again? Seriously?”

“I… I… “ I clenched my fists tighter as he stuttered and I assumed he was about to lie. “(Y/N) I’m so sorry… I couldn’t cope, I didn’t know what to do and I don’t even know how this happened.”

“Spencer, you worked so hard to kick this and… you had this shit in the apartment the whole time?” I yelled and felt my body start to tremble with both anger and sadness.

“I don’t know why I did. I’m so stupid I know… I know…” He trailed off and pressed his fingers to his temple, as if trying to soothe a headache.

“Stupid doesn’t even begin to cover it. You’re a fucking moron… I can’t believe it. I... I’ve been suffering all by myself for days and you’ve been locked away in this room getting high?!” I was almost screaming now as the tears formed.

“(Y/N) please don’t shout… I’m so sorry.” He moved to grab my hand but I yanked it away from him, stepping backwards. “I felt so low, so lonely and I was weak.”

“Lonely…” Was he serious? I turned my back to him and paced a little. 

My head started to pound as I tried to take everything in, tried to comprehend that Spencer had turned to a drug instead of me when he was feeling lonely.

“I’m right here… I’ve always been here, how can you possibly justify taking Dilaudid when I am right HERE.” I spun back around and was suddenly hit with a change of emotion.

Spencer looked at me with raw sadness, his eyes bursting with tears as he let out a loud sob and I saw him. The man I loved, the man I adored... crying out for help. 

“Spencer… I’ve needed you. I’ve never needed you more than I do now and you’ve been so selfish. This…” I gestured to the evidence littered around the room “This is so selfish.”

“It was just… easier, to run. I needed to numb the pain and-”

“What about MY pain? MY sadness? Have you even stopped to think about me this past week? I’m suffering just as much as you, I lost a child too!” I started to sob uncontrollably,
Spencer threw his arms around me and I let him