.

Dean sent you letters every couple weeks, they usually consisted of him saying how much he missed you and can't wait to come and see you and Ellen. They said how he was doing, about the war and so on. You always smiled at them and kept them in a drawer in your room. He even sometimes sent a separate note for Ellen, which always lit her face up and she always wrote him back, practically begging you to send it right when she was done writing. You did.

You took Ellen over to his parents house a lot of the time, you liked the comfort they brought you, Sam was always there too.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

You were reading the latest letter from Dean.

'Hey baby girl, I miss you and Ellen so much. I guess I say that every time I write don't I?' You give a small laugh, 'I can't wait to get to come home and see you two. I'm glad you two are doing good, I know it must be so hard but I love that you are so strong. Being away from you just helped me realize how much I love you. I dream of the day I get to come home and hold you in my arms again. I miss you, I miss your touch, your smell but I know when I come home it'll be just all the more special. I'm doing okay, as okay a soldier can be, don't worry about me. I'll see you soon. I love you, Mrs. Winchester, and I always will.'

You wipe the tears that have dripped on your cheeks and jump when a hand rests on your shoulder, you look up, Mary is standing over you, smiling.

"Is that Dean's latest letter? How is he?" She sits next to you on the couch.

"He's okay, says he misses me and Ellen but he always says that," you smile at the letter, "he can't wait to come home."

Mary smiles and rubs your shoulder. Ellen comes running in, screeching with giggles, Sam chasing her and laughing.

~~~~~~~~~~

You were having a barbeque, just to get together with everyone, it was an open barbeque, anyone can come. Your family, friends and Dean's family were over. Ellen was playing with the other little kids. You were standing watching them when you heard the whispering.

"Do you think she's cheating?"

"She doesn't seem like she misses him a lot..."

"Y/N probably doesn't. She's probably sleeping around on Dean, slut. I feel bad for Dean, he's a great guy, he doesn't deserve someone who cheats on him."

Your eyes watered and you ran from the yard, covering your eyes, trying not to show you were crying. You ran past Sam who looked towards where you ran and got up, following you.

You ran into yours and Deans bedroom and flopped on your bed, clutching Dean's pillow.

You feel someone sit on the bed and rubbed your back.

"Y/N?"

You sniffled and clutched Dean's pillow harder, "I hear what they say Sam..."

Sam shifts, "What do you hear?"

You turn your head and look at him, one puffy eye visible, "They say I'm cheating on Dean. That I'm a slut and he deserves better..."

Sams face falls, "Y/N you can't listen to them. Everyone knows how faithful you are to him and how hard you are trying to stay strong without him."

You let go of Dean's pillow and sit up, Sam pulls you into a hug, "I miss him Sam..."

He rubs your back, "I know you do, we all do. But just think soon he'll be back and everything will be okay. You just need to keep holding on."

You look up to his face, "You know that I would never-" You can't finish your sentence, the idea not even palpable.

Sam nods, "I know Y/N, I know."

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dean hadn't sent you a letter in 2 months, you tried not to worry. He was fine. You couldn't think of anything different. You couldn't

You are cleaning the dishes, Ellen is out with Sam, when the doorbell rings.

"Just a minute!"

You put your wedding ring back on and check for the chain, which is there, and walk over to the door.

When you open it you see your soldier, decked out in full uniform.

You cover your mouth, eyes watering.

"Hey baby girl."

You step into him and his arms wrap around you and holds you close, you can feel your tears drenching his shirt.

Dean lifts your head and wipes your eyes, giving you a light kiss.

"I love you."

You smile and kiss him again, jumping up. Dean walks you two into the house, shutting the door with his