tell us this! Give us something different, Uncle Qrow!”

Qrow peered his eyes away from his niece and looked down at his other one. Dark blood red hair and glowing silver eyes looked back at him in defiance. Ruby Rose was the younger girl’s name. A 13 year old kid turning 14, a girl who he trained a lot. Half-sister to the one and only firecracker. The two were definitely going to be the death of him one day.

Grinning in amusement, Qrow raised his hands and ruffled Ruby’s hair. Watching with fondness as he watched the girl complain and tried to fix her hair. “Okay, you little runts. Shush for a moment. I need to drill this into you guys cause we all don’t want a repeat of it, got it? Also I was getting to the good part. Now where was I? Oh yeah..” With a cough on his fist, Qrow continued with his story.

 


As I said, up in the cold north are the Schnee, who has Atlas as their domain. They’re symbol? A large ass polar bear. Now you all know Atlas is the place where we all get our juicy dust and weapons. They’re the main producers of the trade. Basically, illegal or legal arms dealing, connections in the government, the military having their backs-


 

“Next!”

With a sigh and another swig of his canteen filled with alcohol, Qrow continued with his ‘story’. Giving his nieces a roll of his eyes and a smirk gracing his lips. ‘Ah, kids these days…’ He said to himself.

 


Fine, fine. In the west is well, the Xiao Long.


 

“Oh boy.. Here we go again…”

 


They have Vacuo as their domain, a hot and dusty place. They’re the primary source of everyone’s resources and oh boy when I meant resources. I mean all of them. Then again, with our line of job. Ours is the illegal kind, what’s the cover-up business of the Xiao Long’s again, Yang?


 

“We sell dust to the Schnee’s and they reform it to anything as they please. We also provide materials for building weapons and other technological crap.” Yang said monotonously.

“And the actual one?”

“The same thing but we also sell it at the black market, provide mercenaries, and basically we’re hired guns.”

“Good. Now next is.. Ah!”

 


Next is the Branwen. My group. At the east, we hold Mistral. And what do we do in Mistral?


 

“Tourism.” Yang bluntly replied while her sister giggled at her. Qrow merely grinned before nudging his other niece with his foot. “Ruby?”

With the roll of her eyes, Ruby smiled before speaking. “Tourism, main source of entertainment and celebrities, artists, you know the drill. In terms of illegal crap, well, you guys handle the black market there, along with selling information and stuff like that.”

Qrow laughed before he continued with his story. “Snarky little bunch ain’t yeah? Okay, that’s correct. We control the black market and stuff, but we have our last one.”

 


At the south, well technically in the middle of it is Vale. Domain of the Roses.


 

“Haha. Very funny, Uncle Qrow.”

 


Oh shut up for a minute, kid. Now Vale is a good mix of all what the other places do. But what’s the main thing we do there in Vale, Ruby?


 

Groaning at her uncle, Ruby responded nonetheless. “It’s the center of a peace treaty?”

“No, try again and this time Ruby. Try to actually remember it if I’m, oh, I dunno? Always telling it to you bone-heads.”

“Okay, fine. Vale is basically a common ground for all the factions, no turf wars or whatsoever. It’s where we all do the missions, trading, stuff like that. The Rose family is the main source of the drugs in any case.”

 


Good, ya remember after all. Here in Vale, it’s common grounds but it’s also the main source for trouble and especially drugs. That’s the mafia for ya. But why is it the common grounds, Yang? You answer it. You’ve been quiet the whole time, kiddo.


 

“Because turf wars started. No one knows who shot first. Mafia gangs started to attack each other from different areas, and even going as far to go to their country and stuff like that. Then Rose leadership happened, Vale happened. The end!” Yang exclaimed before jumping up and putting her hands on her hips. “Okay, uncle. As much as I love to hear your stories. It’s night now and we need to sleep! Goodnight!”

With the strength only the Xiao Long’s were known for, Yang immediately hoisted Ruby over her shoulder and ran towards the door. Her footsteps echoing within the dark hallways and her sister’s laughter resounded within the whole