was crumbling, and he was fighting an internal battle as he held his phone in his hand.


 I hear your name in certain circles, and it always makes me smile


Tony tried to go on with his life.  He went to the science conference he was scheduled to attend, and gave his lecture on green energy.  He even took the time to attend a few lectures.

One lecture that he attended about nuclear physics made extensive use of Bruce's work to form the basis of their study.  He couldn't help but smile each time they mentioned "Dr. Banner's studies."

He even ran into a biologist who had been making use of the portable water purification system Bruce had developed while he was staying with Tony.  He couldn't help but smile as the other scientist went on and on about how ground-breaking the technology was, "and from a nuclear physicist nonetheless."  Yes, Bruce truly was amazing, and he beamed with pride as he heard the other man's awe over his boyfriend's (ex-boyfriend's?) accomplishments.


I spend my time thinkin' about you, and it's almost driving me wild


Tony loved hearing other scientists praise Bruce's work, but it just made him think about the other man more.  It made him dwell on all the things he missed about Bruce, and it made him feel the loss all that much more.  It was almost too much.  He was almost sure he would break in half, or go crazy, from the emptiness it made him feel.


And there's a heart that's breaking down this long distance line tonight


He could take it no more.  He needed to hear Bruce's voice, so he left the convention center to return to his hotel room, and he dialed Bruce's number.

He thought the contact would help, if only just a little, but his heart just broke all over again when he heard Bruce's surprised and weary, "hello?" on the other side of the line.


I ain't missing you at all since you've been gone awayI ain't missing you, no matter what I might say


Tony started to chit-chat about the science conference, and the amazing things he had heard.  He asked Bruce how things were.  He talked about JARVIS, and business, but he pointedly stayed away from what he wanted to say most.  He wouldn't say that he missed Bruce; he knew that it would only make Bruce feel guilty and make himself look desperate.  He only hoped he could hold the words in.


There's a message in the wire, and I'm sending you this signal tonight


He watched his tongue, and kept this as casual as he could, but he knew his message was still being sent.  

Come home Bruce.  I miss you, and I need you.

He knew the mere fact he called was sending that message clear enough; no matter how careful he was not to say it.


You don't know how desperate I've becomeAnd it looks like I'm losing this fight


Each word from Bruce was a salve on the open wound in his heart that had opened up when he had left, but at at the same time each sound burned and stung as it reminded him just how far away Bruce was.  

He knew Bruce thought all of this was for the best, and he should respect the other man's wishes and not make this harder, but the urge to tell him how much he loved him and missed him was growing.  He was a heartbeat away from confessing and begging him to come back.  He could feel it.  He could taste the forbidden, bittersweet words on his tongue.


In your world I have no meaning, though I'm trying hard to understand


He bit his tongue to keep the traitorous words at bay, and listened more intently to Bruce talk about what he was doing.  He had a life.  He had a routine, and a job, and purpose somewhere else, and Tony had no part in it.

He tried to tell himself that he had no part in the new life Bruce had formed for himself, but it just didn't make sense.  How could they go back to leading individual, separate lives as if they had never met when his life had changed so drastically the moment he had laid eyes on Bruce?


And it's my heart that's breaking down this long distance line tonight


There was no reason that was good enough to explain this separation.  No logic that made sense in the light of loss.  It was just wrong, and tears filled his eyes as he struggled once again not so say the words he so longed to speak.


I ain't missing you at all since you've been gone awayI ain't missing you, no matter what my friends say


He bit his tongue harder, and almost caused the tears to spill.

He didn't miss Bruce.  He did not.

Rhodey, Steve, Pepper, and Natasha were all wrong when they gave him looks of pity and asked him if he missed