sure he’d be up to the fun I have in mind.” Her words would almost sound like she was letting them trail off. The sharp ends of her nails, almost claw-like he’d say, would drag in against the corner of her lips. A slight, soft tug to them as if she’d ponder it for a moment. “Unless you think you can ‘saddle up’ and join me I mean…”

Really he wouldn’t be surprised if the whole gesture was aimed at goading him further. He wouldn’t put it past her in all honesty. Her thoughtful gaze drifted back to him, looking almost innocent in that moment. Not at all the venomous sort all the violet hues might give off. “What do you say?”

There was a little bit of a tilt to her head. Cocking it for a moment as her lips curled at their corners into something sickly sweet and inviting.

He’d believe it to be about as safe as a snakebite; tonight was a good day to die it seemed. 

“Reckon I’ve got time to spare, got a place in mind or… Should I just assume the worst here?” He’d find some stable ground in the conversation even if he’d need to grip at what he could. The way his grin shifted to something more teasing showed how he’d personally get to taking it. 

The cocked brow probably didn’t hurt any either.

She rolled her eyes of course, though her lips still played in the same grin. Sure of herself as it seemed. “No te preocupes, cariño; I think it’ll be just what you need.” 

Maybe it was the amount he’d had or the softness in how she’d use the clear pet name over and over again but he found any resolve or wariness about her fading right quick. Maybe he shouldn’t be so quick to go along with pretty-faced strangers but he had a weakness here and she’d seem all too ready to strike at it.

Odd, he’d never been so bad at hidin’ behind a poker face before. Maybe he was slipping.

Somehow amidst getting lost in thought she’d made his legs work quicker than he could (really he ought to ask her how she’d done it). Pressing him back against the wall just outside the cantina with a grunt on his part. Feeling something poke against him though was indeed a surprise despite it.

He was quiet as those pools of violet continued to watch him all hungry, his gaze keeping watch on them to see if they’d waver as he spoke next. “Now… That a piece you’re packin’ or’re you the one awful happy to see the other here?” It didn’t waver despite his words, he’d give her that much.

And despite the sound of her pulling the gun’s slide back had been just audible enough to put a pissin’ mouse to shame he didn’t feel a hot slug hitting his belly. “If you want to live I’d suggest you come with me now, cariño. Trust me, you’ll be safe.”

Somehow he’d found himself down waitin’ on that river to give him a winning hand. He likely wouldn’t be getting it though. 

Something else told him he’d be thankful that slug didn't come by the end of the night.

“And who says you can’t clean up nicely, vaquero?” There had definitely been a hint of mischief in the woman’s tone, something about it that almost sent a shiver up his spine. 

Were he less in control of himself he may have in fact done just that.

“Well at least someone’s appreciative of it all. Even trimmed a bit for you, darlin’. Ought to be thankful.” There was a curl at the corner of his lips with that, playing it up some just as much as she may have been to him in turn. “Startin’ to think those tickets I’d gotten weren’t exactly so ‘mysteriously’ won as they’d made out to’ve been.”

She’d let out an indignant gasp at the accusation that seemed to lurk beneath the surface of his words. Delicately manicured digits drawing to brush over her breast that’d been visible from the designed ‘window’ of her dress. Lashes fluttering for a moment and those deep pools of violet staring up at him in the most innocent manner she could muster. “Cariño, Jesse. Would I really do that to you?” Her voice a brief whisper of its usual self, and to any that didn’t know the woman an edge of hurt crept into its tone.

McCree did, however, know the woman. As such he’d been all too quick to answer her. “Absolutely you would, need I remind you of those pictures you’d gone an’ leaked from our last outin’.”

She’d click her tongue first, an audible noise leaving her that wasn’t quite a proper word then