"Yes?" Stupidly good looking guy responded.

Harry cleared his throat a little, shifting in his seat and leaning a little closer. "For this presentation, right, I, uh. Well, I've put a couple of funny, like, really funny jokes in my speech, yeah? And, uh. Well, I know people are gonna laugh, but if, y'know. Well. Y'know. If that doesn't happen, could you do me a favour and maybe laugh? Though, they are really funny, so you won't need to fake it."

The lad just kind of looked at him for a moment, sizing him up with narrowed eyes and a low hum before nodding without a word. 

That's all Harry needed, letting out a relieved breath, hoping it didn't come to the cute guy with a nice face laughing out of pity, but it was definitely reassuring, something cushioning to fall back on if his jokes didn't hit the spot, but fingers crossed it didn't come to that.

He rubbed his hands together again and again like a chill was in the air as he waited for his name to be called, waiting for his opportunity to shine. 


God, please let him fucking shine.


When his name was finally called, he stood up and gave the guy next to him a nod, who returned it with a salute, giving him a little bit more reassurance as he tried not to stumble down the stairs to the front, plugging his laptop in and making sure his presentation was visible on the projector before giving his professor a nod.

"Of all the introductions I've received, that was by far the most recent."

Silence for a split second before he heard a casual laugh, lifting his gaze from his laptop to look at the cute guy he sat next to, lips twitching when he was given a thumbs up. He smiled to himself as he dropped his gaze back to his laptop, bringing up the right slide before facing the class.

So far so good, Geography was a pretty versatile subject with plenty of opportunities for jokes. Plus, this presentation was more light hearted, was more so that they could present their talents, express their interests, and it just so happened that his talents and interests were jokes. 

A couple minutes in, he threw in a:

"Did you hear about the Frenchman who jumped off the Eiffel Tower wearing a parachute and landed in the river? The police didn't arrest him because he was clearly in Seine."

His heart was instantly racing when he got only a few tiny laughs, worse than no fucking laughs at all, honestly - but he wasn't disappointed for long when he was given a loud laugh from the back, his worried frown instantly turning into an amused smile as he looked at the guy; head dropped back, hand on his chest, definitely over doing it, but he loved it.

And if he thought that was overdoing it.

The other lad's reactions seemed to get more ridiculous with every pun he threw out there, and honestly he was beginning to struggle to keep himself composed, having to pause every now and then to clear his throat or take a breath.

"Speaking of pencils-" he wasn't even on the subject of pencils "interesting fact about them, they actually all originate from Pennsylvania." His gaze immediately dropped to his feet with a snort at the sound of Zayn - apparently, from what the professor kept referring to him as - laughing his arse off again, giving a loud howl.

"Pennsylvania!" He wheezed out, clapping his hands together, before pointing down at Harry, one finger resting on his nose. "That was beautiful!" He called down, going above and beyond of wiping away fake tears. The rest of his classmates were definitely confused, clearly wondering what the fuck was wrong with the kid in the back laughing at these stupid jokes. And they were stupid, each one more so than the last.


You lied, mother.


Harry's presentation really was just turning out to be more jokes than actual facts, though the last few people who had given theirs had literally mumbled so quietly and gave so little interest that he was sure this blew them out of the water. Or he hoped, at least.

It was so hard to try and concentrate when Zayn continued to wheeze and make ridiculous noises all through out, even when he wasn't tossing in an obvious, dad joke pun into the mix, and despite the laughs being canned and fake as fuck, they were still making his stomach ache with the need to crack up.

He cleared his throat as he opened up another slide, a simple question asking what place was mentioned in the question, the 'c' in the word place highlighted red. He clicked next before anyone had a chance to point out the terrible joke, turning and face them as the answer obnoxiously bounced onto the screen, reading:

"The Red Sea." 

His head immediately lifted to look at Zayn as the other lad literally stood up, belting out a laugh so