pair of demon horns and sticking them onto Castiel’s now mussed hair causing the angel to sigh as Dean once again examined him before nodding.

“Fine, though I still think it would be easier if I simply went in myself and smote the demon without the hassle.” Castiel grumbled causing Dean to roll his eyes.

“Not if we want everyone’s eyes to stay safely in their sockets.” He replied grabbing his gun and hiding it in his white suit jacket. He was dressed in a three piece white suit with a green silk tie that matched his eyes and fake angel wings gracing his back. Castiel couldn’t argue that, though slightly insulted, Dean’s outfit looked amazing on him.

“Alright. Can we leave now? The sooner we finish the sooner I can return to my normal outfit and the better I will feel.” Cas said and Dean nodded.

“Yeah let’s go.” He said leading the way to the impala.

Dean was beginning to think maybe Cas had been right about the whole dressing up thing being stupid. The wings kept bumping into people and Castiel had a smirk continuously plastered to face as if to say “I told you so…” not to mention how many people had already tried to paw up Cas himself. Dean knew he had done good with the angel’s outfit but seriously they had better start keeping their hands to themselves or he wasn’t going to be in control of his actions.

“Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?” A tall blond woman in a cat woman outfit asked breaking Dean from his thoughts. Seeing Cas across the room people watching he decided it couldn’t hurt to relax a little bit. It was a party after all.

“Just a little. Can you help me feel better?” He asked playing along surprised when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Turning and seeing Cas glaring at the woman Dean sighed.

“Um, can I help you, Cas?” He asked as the woman backed off leaving the two of them alone at the bar and Castiel’s gaze fell on him instantly softening.

“Yes, I was under the impression that we came here as a couple and while I’m not completely sure of human courtships I believe that what you were doing would not be acceptable.” He said a bit sternly causing Dean to choke on the beer he had started to drink.

“We are not a couple! That was just a ruse to get us in the door. I can hit on any pretty little thing I want.” Dean nearly shouted surprised in his surprise but stopped when he thought he saw hurt flash in Castiel’s expression before the angel straightened seeming to distance himself from him.

“I apologize. The demon is not here. I’m going to leave.” Cas answered causing Dean to frown and curse when the angel disappeared back into the crowd before he could respond.

“Wow, you really messed that up. Anyone would love to get their hands on someone like him.” A slim man dressed in zombie get up with messy blond hair said watching as Cas disappeared into the crowd. Dean shot the guy a glare and he held his hands up defensively.

“Sorry! I’m just saying that guy has been watching you all night and kept several people from spiking your drinks. He obviously cares for you and you just shut him down like he was garbage. I’m not gay but damn I might be if I had someone like him protecting me like that.” The guy said. Dean gave him a confused look.

“Seriously? You’d just become gay for anyone who kept you from getting drugged?” He asked and the guy shook his head.

“No I just wouldn’t let someone who put up with my shit and even knowing how much of an asshole I am, kept people from drugging me like blondie over there was planing to do to you, and still, despite all that you just said, is watching over you to make sure no one hurts you get away. I mean a person like that is one in a trillion and blue eyes has the looks on top of all that. I’d be stupid to let sexuality stop me from cashing in on that payload.” The guy said, jerking his thumb toward where Cas had leaned against a wall decidedly looking anywhere but at Dean. Then his drink was brought to him so he walked off to rejoin the party. Dean blinked looking at his own drink in surprise trying to organize his thoughts at all the sudden new information before saying screw it and walking over to Cas.

“I just wanted to-” Cas started to explain himself but Dean wasn’t going to have it pushing the surprised angel harder against the wall and pressing their lips together relaxing a bit when Cas actually kissed him back. He was surprised when he found himself enjoying it more than he expected. Pulling away Castiel gave Dean a confused look.

“What? Why… You were drugged weren’t you? I’ll take you to Sam, He’ll know how to help you.” Castiel said anxiously starting to move but Dean