the biggest deal in the world, admittedly. There was a chance that he could just run a side-by-side comparison and find an answer that way. So he gave it a shot. Initially, it went well.

That was, until half of the letters that popped up on his screen started to look the same and he could no longer tell just how many horizontal lines this one horseshoe-like character had. A pulsing headache had begun to rise when Lance finally spoke up—he’d been so absorbed in his thoughts that he actually managed to forget that the other boy followed him into the lounge.

“Keith? Did you even hear me?” he laughed, rolling onto his back and plucking the tablet out of his hands, glancing up at Keith. His hair was getting longer: strands of brown hair hung from his head, splaying out all over the couch. 

“I was considering it until you took the tablet out of my hands. When I was in the middle of reading it,” he added for good measure.

“Common courtesy dictates that you should pay attention when someone speaks to you.”

“Common courtesy also dictates that you don’t touch someone’s stuff without permission.”

“Yeah, but,” Lance said, dragging out the last word, “That tablet is technically Allura’s. So I win.”

Keith scoffed, brushing off the other boy’s perceived victory before offering him a small smile and asking for the tablet back. But Lance just tightened his grip on the slab, hugging it close to his body as his azure eyes stared at Keith, wide and expectant.

“What?”

“My question. You didn’t answer it.”

“What was it again?”

“I asked, ‘How did you survive out there?’ Like, in the desert.”

He hadn’t thought about that for a long time. Sure, he reminisced about the shack, of cool desert nights huddled in a sheet on the roof, staring at the sea of stars with longing. Of the sensation he felt, the urge to explore the expanse of dust and rock, of long nights spent decoding information gained from carefully calibrated instruments and ancient, dried-out tomes. Moments of solitude that he treasured and longed for, at least when his duties as a paladin got to be too overwhelming.

“I mean, basic survival skills? Just scouted out food and water, managed to get a generator to at least get some power.” 

Keith shrugged, trying not to get too in-depth. He hadn’t revisited everything else. Hadn’t thought of sleeping in his clothes for months, not after he’d taken up residence in the castle for a few weeks and realized that nobody was going to attack him here—not anyone he wasn’t prepared for—and that there were no scorpions to crawl across his feet in the still night. Of scraping soggy meat out of metal cans for sustenance, of running away from angry shopkeepers, bags filled with air and junk stuffed into his pockets, bulging out from beneath the jacket he wore. Of being afraid that each breath he took would be his last, of never being able to exhume the truth behind Shiro’s disappearance and that strange energy.

“Keith?”

“Huh?”

“You zoned out again.”

Lance was sitting up now—when had he done that? His gaze was level with Keith’s, but his eyes were just the slightest bit off from his own, as if he was afraid to continue the conversation. Keith’s reaction had ignited a flame of ambivalence within him, one that was markedly different and strange compared to the boy’s usual display of insecurities; normally, he could, at the very least, continue the conversation with some inner assurance but now, he seemed at a loss for what to say. They stayed like that for a long while, the silence between them punctuated by slight movements, awkward and premature for the conversation’s continuation. 

Finally, Keith cleared his throat and turned to leave, only to be stopped by a hand gripping his wrist, pulling him gently back to the couch. He cocked an eyebrow at Lance, who only blushed and looked away, daring to clarify his question only in barely-spoken sentences.

“I would have been so lonely. I don’t know how you did it.”

Sucking in a breath through his teeth, Keith closed his eyes, trying not to hear the creak of the shack in the middle of the night, the thumping of a rattlesnake at the door, the need to hear the idle chatter or whir of the Garrison’s lights in the background. Being left alone to his thoughts was peaceful, but practically being in exile was another feeling entirely, one that left him feeling hollow and agitated.

“I don’t know how I did, either,” he admitted.

Lance drummed his fingers on his thigh, only speaking up after doing it in succession a few times.

“It’s weird but, do you ever feel lonely around here, even with everyone around?” 

Yes, of course he had.