it melt away as he began to rub slowly. The bob of this throat was deeper than necessary, exaggerated and divine and he stirred the creamy pudding, turning it to soup.

"I'd be begging you Erwin. Begging you to make me come, but I won't allow it. Not yet. I'm not finished with you."

A waiter circulated and Levi held up a lithe finger, summoning assistance as if nothing untoward was occuring.

"Two cognacs, please." They were alone again, the tiny sips of liquid ice cream driving Erwin to insanity along with the deft movements below. Levi was very, very talented with his feet. "Can you feel it, Erwin? Your cock in my mouth now?"

Erwin nodded.

"Right to the base. You know I can take it. Right to the fucking base...thank you."

Their drinks had arrived and Erwin downed his in one go as soon as the waiter's back had turned, hissing against the harsh sensation while Levi took a miniscule taste.

"I've got your cock down my throat, Erwin. How is it? Hmm? Do you like it when I swallow round the tip?"

Erwin nodded.

"Mmm, I bet you do. Same applies to you though. I'm not letting you come."

His toes curled, cradling the top of Erwin's erection.

"Just when you're right on the edge, I'm going to stop. Push you back against the headboard and let you suck me off. Hard and fast and messy and…"

Levi giggled, childish and demonic all at once as he threw his head back, exposing his neck, gelato dripping from the corner of his mouth.

"You're so fucking warm, Erwin. So fucking hungry too, such a good boy."

There was a shuffle and Levi's sock joined his shoe on the ground as Erwin unzipped himself, all the while hidden by the red cloth and he sighed loudly as skin touched skin. Levi's feet were soft, softer than should really be possible - given the amount of storming around he did, they should be calloused and harsh but he felt like silk against Erwin's sensitive shaft, smooth as chocolate.

"I'm not going to make you wait any longer, Erwin. I can see you're practically drooling."

He was. Eyes glassy, jaw slack and hands gripping the table as Levi let more of his dessert pool in his mouth, not caring one bit for the dribbles that followed out with the spoon that he licked against sordidly.

"I'll ride you first. Slow. Let you watch my hips rolling as I take you in. Dragging your cock out and sinking back down until you're deep deep inside of me. Over and over again. Do you feel it, Erwin? Do you feel me? Tight and fucking hot?"

Erwin nodded. Frantically.

"My nails in your shoulders…your dick in my ass…I want to hear you ask for it, Erwin. Nicely."

A glint of mischievous lust flashed in Levi's smoky eyes and he hunched forwards suddenly, spoon dropped to the table with a clatter and toes working their incredible magic.

"Nicely, Erwin."

Erwin knew what was expected and he gulped, grabbing Levi's hand and pressing the button which had been resting there the whole time. Delicious vibrations lit Levi up from inside, pulsing and massaging, making him squirm.

"That's it, good boy. I know how you like it, on my hands and knees…fuck me, Erwin. Fuck me and grab my hair, pull my head back…"

He groaned, his whispered voice ragged and Levi fought to maintain authority, rolling his eyes as he pushed Erwin's erection into his dark shirt, pinning it there for moment.

"See how much deeper you get like this? Keep fucking going Erwin…can you hear your balls slapping against my ass?"

Erwin nodded.

They were nearly nose to nose now, leaning in and sharing panted breaths. Erwin nudged the remote once more, sending Levi reeling and he watched carefully, hypnotised by the way grey irises stayed trained on his stare from beneath low thin brows. Levi snarled, baring his teeth, hair spilling around his face as he started to swiftly stroke the sole of his foot against Erwin.

"Fuck…fuck me…fuck me Erwin…fuck me into the mattress…"

Tears had begun to lace Levi's eyes, so near to climax and Erwin mumbled lowly, finally.

"Oh god…"

It was a mistake and he twitched his hips into Levi's flesh, halting instantly as he saw a pale hand lift.

"Two more cognacs, please. He's thirsty."

"Right away, Sir."

The growl from Levi's chest split Erwin in two, the look of pure devilish glee sneaking over the table to him.  

"Not yet."

The drinks were served, Levi's turn to swallow the whole lot and he slammed the glass down, intensity in his glare.

"Now fuck me properly