t attract him more or less. Yes, Eren is gay, that's why his confession escalated to argumentation resulting him to run off away from his father to collect himself.

As Eren been lost on his own thoughts, he didn't noticed that he had already arrived his school. While he was walking to the corridors, a familiar voice calling him finally caught his attention.

"Eren!" Jean called as he approached him.

"Yo" Eren responded 

"Long time no see. I'm amazed you passed your classes, you were absent so many times at the end of second year" Jean made a snarky joke on his friend while ruffling his head.

"It was a closed thing. But I managed to squeak through" Eren countered Jean's remarks of him being an idiot.

Jean and him are inseparable friends since their middle school. Even though sometimes they fight over stupid stuffs, they still remained as friends up until now. Their frienemy tendencies are common to their other friends that's why they're used to Jean and Eren's endless bickering from time to time.

"Why were you gone so often? You had me worried" acclaimed by Jean with a worried look etching his face.

"Umm..There was a bit of a fuse at home" Eren admitted, though half of it didn't mentioned the whole details regarding the so-called cause of this ruckus.

Finally, they arrived their destination, which is their classroom. While Eren is busy finding his seat, he noticed someone way familiar to him in some sense.

'My seat is......next to the window Yes!' Exclaimed by his inner thoughts after finding his preferred seat.

'Hm? He's....Umm if I remember right..' While thinking hard on where did he saw that familiar guy.

"Ah!..Erwin Ackerman!"

Eren finally had the guts to approach the said guy after remembering his name from somewhere. This caught Erwin's attention away from what he's doing at the moment.

"This is the first time we've been in the same class together. By the way, I'm Eren Jaeger." Eren smile while approaching and introducing himself to Erwin.

"By the way, so then...this is our first time meeting...right?" Erwin finally spoken to Eren and give his full attention to him with a straight face he had.

"Yeah...but I know about you. After all, you've been at the top of the class since our first year. You're super famous" Eren admitted proudly to Erwin about his knowings on his profile.

"It's not that big of a deal..the level at this school is low" Erwin proclaimed monotonously while flipping back the pages he's been reading currently. This end their conversation for good.

TIME SKIP *Lunch Time*

 Lunch time came and finally, Eren's with his gang eating and telling shits for god knows how long it's been circulating while in their usual hideout..

"I haven't had an actual face to face conversation with Ackerman since that day..but, is he always a dipshit?" ask by an annoyed Eren, while sipping his juice box and telling his friends at the same time, his fateful encounter with Erwin a while ago in the classroom.

"He's smart, he's on a completely different dimension from us. Don't let it get to you." Jean said to lessen Eren's budding irritation to Erwin's cold attitude towards him.

"Well, it's true enough that the academic level of our school is low. Which makes it all a mystery why Ackerman's here..." Connie added.

While they're into the topic about Erwin, some interesting rumors did Jean revealed to them that fully caught Eren's attention. 

"I heard that..." Jean's opening, "He's here 'cause when he was in Middle School, He caused a lot of problems and his school record was really bad." 

"What kind of problems?" Eren asked with the outmost curiosity showed in his knitted brows.

Jean smirked on Eren's question while looking directly at him. This gives Eren more confusion and only for him to scowl at Jean's stupid antics. Then suddenly, Jean drop the bomb to them.

"Violence and Sexual Assault" as Jean finished his statement with a satisfying smug look on his Horseface.

To be honest, Eren is shocked on what he have heard from Jean's mouth. Yes, shocked was an understatement if you would want to called it on what he's been hearing now from his friend about Erwin's reasoning on attending his school. He can't believe it, no it's must be some kind of a joke his friend, Jean had on his sleeves. 'seriously? a straight A student who had a zero social life and always surrounded by books would do such an indecent act? That's a load of bullshit! if you asked me' Eren convinced himself.

"Seriously?! But he looks all proper and shit"