he asked as the door flew open, dropping the bags in the entrance.

"Neither of us is going to get pregnant, so why's it matter? Though I swear to fucking god if you stain my bedsheets again, I'm going to make you lick them clean." Levi pushed Erwin through the doorway and hurried to take off his boots.

"You mean my bedsheets." Levi growled at himself. "You're alright with having sex like.. this?" Erwin traced his spine as he was bent over, making him shudder again.

"Does it look like it bothers me, s-shithe-ah!" He groaned as he brushed towards the inside of his thighs. "Cut it! I'm going to lose my balance!" he hissed at him, wobbling dangerously on one leg while he tried to take off the boot from the other one. Erwin ignored him, pressing him up against the wall, despite his smaller size. He brushed up against him again, earning a second erotic moan.

"Such a whore," Erwin repeated, straddling him and kicking the door closed.

"So then, how did it go?" Erwin asked, tracing a finger across his chest. "What happened?"

"Ugh. I told you, I'd much prefer to just cuddle than discuss that right now." He pulled Erwin closer, holding him into the crevasse of his chest.

Erwin surprised him. "Alright." He continued tracing lines along his body, but didn't talk. Levi just balled his firsts in his hair, breathing in deeply. He noticed his body smelled nice... like grass and tea leaves?

"Hey, Erwin?"

"Yeah?"

"Did you shower this morning?" he asked carefully.

"What, am I that gross?" he asked, lifting up his armpits and smelling at them, wrinkling his nose jokingly. "Agh, more importantly Levi when did you last shower? I think I'm going to die from that little sniff."

"No, I was just curious. You smell like yourself, or, I mean I smell like you, or.." He trailed off. "Shit this is confusing," he mumbled, rubbing at his temples. "I mean my body smells like yours normally does, and I was wondering whether it was some kind of body lotion shit, I don't know."

Erwin wrinkled his forehead in confusion. "I don't normally smell like anything." He reached over and smelled him, then suddenly looked a whole lot more confused. "Why do I smell like you?"

Levi blinked twice slowly. "That's.. interesting." He quietly thought back to Mike sniffing at him as a heavy silence fell again. No matter how long they were quiet though, Levi still wouldn't have any idea how to explain the awkward questions Hanji and Mike had prodded him with. But he couldn't lie to Erwin either, he'd find out quickly if he did anyways. So either he fessed up now, or avoided the subject completely, which was essentially falling into the lying category.

Erwin nuzzled into his chest happily, humming contentedly. "I have a funny heartbeat. I never thought I'd get to hear it like this though." He looked up again. "Wanna hear yours?"

He was taken aback for a second, then went up close to his chest, listening carefully. He couldn't hear anything, until a light fluttery sound hit his eardrum, dancing like the rain. The sudden movement Erwin made when he shifted his weight a little distracted him for a second, just long enough for him to lose it. "It's so faint," he practically whispered. "That is definitely not what I would have expected."

"I know, right? That's what I thought the first time I heard it." Erwin said, showing all his lightened-pink scars tenderly. "With this collection of cuts and your exercise habits, I'd be expecting something at least close to a normal heartbeat, but it's just like a child's."

"Watch it," Levi said, pressing his forehead against Erwin's, "otherwise I'll add to that collection."

"Right," he said, cupping his face in one hand. "As if you'd hurt yourself."

"The real reason I wouldn't do it is because it would hurt you, brat."

"Is it weird I'm still completely ok with fucking you even though you're me and I'm you?" Erwin asked tentatively. "Because it feels weird."

Levi answered him by leaning in and kissing him passionately. He paused a moment, before blurring out the last thing he'd want to say. "Hey, I kind of want to tell you about what happened now, though I'm scared it'll ruin the moment."

Erwin eyed him carefully. "Oh?"

God damn it Levi, get a fucking filter.

"Yeah." He shifted his weight around uncertainly, trying to curl into Erwin's body before realizing he was already