it'd be more like 'You call that a leap, I've seen Victor's mutt do a better jump than that!' " Phichit cackled from his position on the floor.

"Did someone mention my darling Makkachin!" A voice called from the doorway.

Victor.

His silver hair draped over half of his face, concealing one of his striking blue eyes that never cease to astound Yuuri at their vibrancy. His mouth is set in its usual heart shape and damn it if it's not the most adorable thing Yuuri's ever seen. Even at 8am on a Monday morning, Victor still looks absolutely perfect and Yuuri is never sure whether to feel blessed or envious at the sight.

"Oi Nikiforov, do your best Yakov impression!" Leo called to Victor, evoking a challenging smirk from him.

" 'I swear to god Vitya, everything you do seems to half my life expectancy! I wouldn't be surprised if I drop dead any minute now!' " Victor bellowed, his Russian accent and deepened voice mixing to create a surprisingly accurate imitation.

It was silent for a moment.

"PFFFFFTTTT! Oh my god that was incredible!" Phichit cried in between his laughter, doubling over into a foetal position and rolling back and forth.

The room filled with all the performers laughter, the other ensemble members and main characters having heard Victors impression.

"Ahem," A low growl came from behind Victor. "What was that, Vitya?"

Yakov.

Victor spun to face the figure and huffed out a few awkward laughs, before bolting up the stairs and into the wings of the stage, away from his mentor. Yakov sighed and muttered something along the lines of I swear, that boy before clearing his throat to gain everyone's attention, as if every eye in the room wasn't already trained on him.

"I have an announcement to make and I need everyone here for it," he said, placing extra emphasis on the 'everyone', clearly referring to the silver haired man currently hiding backstage.

"Oh for Christ sake Vitya, get out here!" he roared.

Slowly, Victor emerged from the wings and silently walked over to the other Russians, Yuri, Mila and Georgi, lips twitching and eyes shining with unconcealed mirth.

Yuuri's phone began to vibrate and he was about to decline the call when he realised it was his mother calling. The last time his mother had called had been to break the news of Vicchan's death. That day he swore to keep in better contact with his family and never deliberately ignore them, and he wasn't going to break that promise today.

Making a vague gesture to Phichit that he hoped conveyed the fact he had to take a call, Yuuri quickly ducked offstage, accepted the call before it rang off and began walking down the staircase leading to Stage Door.

'Yakov doesn't seem to have noticed'  Phichit thought. 'I'll just fill Yuuri in when he comes back, it probably won't be anything too important anyway.'

Phichit turned his full attention back on Yakov as he began to speak.

"I'll get straight to the point. Isabella has vocal chord nodules." He announced, shock rippling throughout the performers.


'Okay, maybe it's a little important!'


"She will be out for at least 3 months after surgery on restricted voice rest." He continued with a solemn look on his face.

This was serious. Isabella was their Eliza, the main female role. They hadn't even thought to appoint an understudy, Isabella was always so reliable. She'd never once missed a rehearsal, going as far as to come in while physically sick so as not to miss any notes or changes. They had understudies for everyone but Eliza.

"Wait so what are we going to do!"

"We can't perform without an Eliza!"

"It's only one week till opening night, there's no way someone could learn all the songs and choreography in time!"

"Not to mention everyone was perfectly placed in every number!"

"QUIET!" Yakov bawled over the mass hysteria. "We can't see any other course of action other than delaying the show. There's nothing to be done about it. By the time we assign a new Eliza, teach them all of the songs, choreography, entrances and costume changes, Isabella will be ready to come back. There's no point."

Everyone seemed to reluctantly accept the finality of his words, there truly was no other option. With time constraints and the superfluous amount of work it would take to train an Eliza from scratch, it just wasn't possible.

Unless... there was someone who already knew all of Eliza's songs and harmonies. Who had practiced them for weeks on end before their audition. Who learnt the majority of the choreography for the plain reason that they liked it. Who is the literal human embodiment of Eliza Schuyler-Hamilton: the purest cinnamon roll known.

"Wait! I know someone who could do it!"

 

 

 


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

All eyes flickered