.

*

Now, he has fallen deeply for Magnus.

He had fallen so deep into the abyss, deeming it impossible to get out.

 

 

Alec is in loveeee! Magnus is too, but will he accept or deny it? :-|I love Izzy and Alec bonding moments and also supportive Izzy. :-|Lyrics are from Amazed by Lonestar :-)

I did say that there will be the meeting of Simon and Raphael soon, but we'll see how this goes. I don't even have any drafts at all when I started this fic. Only vague plots. So this story might take awhile. :-|

Also not all chaps will be this long, so don't expect it every time, I will try though but you will have to wait. Sorry, thanks for understanding! *thumbs up*And also thanks for reading! :-)

Continuation of Chap 8...

Alec and Magnus had dinner together. And then there's nosy Simon. :-| 

I applaud for my great summary. :'-)

Snippet of Chap 9:

Simon rolled his eyes dramatically, sighing. “Magnus.” He paused, “Do you like Magnus?”

Sorry for the very late update! Was busy with school. :-|Might not be able to update fast at all, so here's an apology in advance. 'Sorry' m(_ _)m  :-|Anyways, this chap is like a filler or some sort because it is going so slowly. There are just so much I want to write so there you go, a long chap but little progress. :-| 

All mistakes are mine!(Ididcheckbuticantseemtofindmybloodymistakes) 

Lastly, enjoy :-)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

6.45, Alec stood outside Jade Wolf, hands shoved in his leather jacket’s pocket, looking up while breathing out into the starless night sky. Alec watches his breath turned to mist, creating a stark contrast against the darkness of the sky. The days turn dark so quickly in winter, he wonders why.

After staying outside for a few more seconds, kicking at the concrete floor, he enters the restaurant. It didn’t matter if he’s fifteen minutes early, he just wants to see him again. By now there’s not much of a queue left anyway.

“Order for table two!” Alaric yelled through the small opened window by the serving counter.

“On it!” Magnus answered as he swiftly avoid crashing into Simon who was balancing a tall flute of pink cocktail on a tray. Simon mumbled a sorry and briskly walks pass him to serve the cocktail. Magnus skilfully balanced the empty plates and glasses on a tray, rushing over to the serving counter and get the food prepared for table two.

He knows it’s about time for his break, so told himself to be on a look out a certain sexy and tall man. Magnus walks over to table two with food in hand and pasted on a polite smile as he set the food down. He noticed that the customer was staring at him from his peripheral and felt uncomfortable. But he’s a customer, gotta be polite, right? So he turned to him and gave a cheery waiter smile while he asked politely, “Do you need anything else?”

The customer gives a once over at Magnus’ form with a sly leer. Magnus’ discomfort and uneasiness increased by tenfold. “Ya, can you get me some caramel shake? I would like to have some of that.” He said suggestively with a disgusting smirk, eyes stopping at Magnus’ behind, partially hidden by the black apron tied to his waist.

Magnus flinched slightly at what that man had said as he picked up the innuendo in the sentence. Not wanting to get affected, he held his ground, the smile never faltered once, “I’m sorry sir, we don’t serve caramel shake here. If you want you could head down to Starbucks just down the street.” He suggested politely through gritted teeth, “If there’s nothing else, I will be going. Enjoy your meal.” Magnus bowed curtly, and turns to walk away.

Alec entered the half-empty restaurant and spotted Magnus immediately, he wanted to call out to him but Magnus is serving a customer at the moment so he doesn’t want to bother him. Alec found an empty booth and slid in, a perfect spot where he could see Magnus doing his job. Alec knows he shouldn’t be checking out Magnus’ back, but he couldn’t help it. Magnus is just so enticing with that black apron tied around his waist, emphasising his perfect proportion, from his broad shoulders to his narrow hips. ‘He’s wearing one of those loose jeans again.’ Alec smiled since he already know Magnus is not one for fashion.

He was smiling until he saw the customer looking over at Magnus’ figure with eyes filled with hunger. Even after Magnus was about to leave to serve other customer, that customer’s eyes lingered on Magnus ass. ‘The fuck? How dare he look at him this way? (lol says for yourself Alec) Only I am allowed to check him out. (Alright