doesn't want to talk to him, because perhaps last night was the last straw and then he is grabbing at his phone again and calling Liam because somehow Liam was always able to come up with an idea that would solve any situation. 

'When did you last see him? What was he wearing?' Liam asks and Zayn answers; last night at about 1am, he was wearing jeans, a vest, a hoodie and perhaps a coat, 'Zayn, if you really think something could have happened to him, you need to report him as missing,' Zayn's falters for a moment at the word. Missing. He couldn't be. He would be home soon. He would hear the familiar sound of his key fitting into place and clicking open; he would hear the sound of him calling Zayn's name and humming as he headed straight for the kitchen and the warm smell of toast immediately cooking. He would be home soon. 'I'll come round, just wait there,' Liam tells him and rings off. He sits and let's his head fall into his hands as he stares down at his phone. Waiting. Ready. Because any minute, any second now Niall would call and tell him how much of a dumb fuck he is; tell him he is a twat for last night and Zayn will beg him to come home, and he will, because he always does. 

*** 

When Liam arrives, he calls the police and Zayn thinks it's all suddenly too rushed. Thinks the police will laugh and tell him not to worry and ring off because he will be home soon, right? But instead they dispatch an officer for a statement and Zayn stares blankly at the front door to his apartment, waiting anxiously. 

The police ask questions and he answers. He can feel Liam's eyes on him all the while. They scribble notes and ask Zayn to sign forms. He does as he's told. 

After they leave, neither man talks. A thick, unpalpable silence hangs between them. Zayn feels sick, he hasn't eaten and it's almost 1pm. His stomach churns uncomfortably but the thought of food, of preparing a sandwich and sitting down to eat lunch, repulses him. Because how can he be thinking of food at a time like this? And so he clutches his stomach and ignores the hollow feeling inside him. 

'You argued, didn't you,' Liam states more than asks, eyes fixed on the floor but snapping up to meet Zayn's as he waits for his answer. 

Zayn nods. 

He half expects Liam to shout and tell him how stupid he is; how this is his fault, but then he remembers that Liam has always been the level headed one - the one who didn't assume, didn't jump to conclusions and so he simply nods. 

'Did he say where he was going?' and Zayn shakes his head. His mouth tasted bitter and stale as he remembered the words he had shouted last night. 

A knock at the door, two, then three knocks at the door and the sound of two well known voices come from outside, caught the attention of both Liam and Zayn, who instinctively walked to the door and opened it. A mop of hazel curls, followed by a slicked back almost-quiff walked into the apartment. Harry and Louis. 

'Still no sign of him?' Louis asked, straight to the point and as blunt as ever. Liam shook his head. 

'What happened?' Harry asked and Zayn suddenly felt a wave of panic flooding him. He could feel Louis' eyes burning into him, almost as if he knew and perhaps he did. Perhaps Niall had text him before he left, called him and told him of all the cruel and vile things he'd screamed. Perhaps Louis knew. 

'He just left last night,' Liam answered plainly and Zayn's eyes snapped up to meet his. Liam smiled, a half-barely-there smile. But it was a smile all the same. 

They don't talk much after that. 

Liam busies himself calling friends and trying Niall's number over and over. Harry and Louis sit together on the sofa; both holding phones and texting rapidly. Zayn slips through to his bedroom - their bedroom and stands at the foot of the bed for a moment. He considers just climbing inside it and crawling beneath the covers. He considers telling Liam that this isn't real and it's just a bad dream and that he is going to bed. Maybe, he prays, this is all just a bad dream. But then there is the echoing sound of knuckles against the door of the apartment and Zayn comes crashing back to reality. 

Two detectives enter and they talk in what seems like an entirely different language. Zayn can't concentrate on what they are saying. He feels distant, as though he is suspended above the others, watching the scene unfold from above. Their voices sound muffled and Zayn can't seem to make out all the words they are saying. He catches the end of sentences,