in the cold, the man pocketed one with ease, walking away from the baker who was still bickering with a customer about when spring would come. The man thought this was funny, knowing all too well that spring was a dream, and winter was reality.

“You know that’s illegal.” A woman’s voice softly came from the corner of an alleyway. Turning to look at the voice, the man saw a tall woman, with fire for hair and a smile that knew many secrets. Raising an eyebrow at the first person to talk to him all day, the man just simply raised the bread up so she could see it, before he taking a bite out it, almost as if he dared the woman to try taking the bread away. Instead the woman smirked, leaning on the brick wall of one of the buildings that created her hide away with a seemingly careless pose, like a spider who wanted to seem harmless to a moth flying too far away for her web to capture.

For a moment, the man waited to see if the woman wanted to say anything more, but all she did was look at him, it was unsettling for the man who has been ignored for more than 5 years, be so closely watched. He was not afraid though, and so when he walked away it was more because he was getting cold more than the woman’s stare made him twitch. Before he got too far though, the womans voice came back from her alley. “I know who you are.” She told the man into the cold wind, the words freezing him faster than any ice could. Turning, he walked back over to the woman, glaring now as he grabbed her arm roughly with his right hand, the bread crumbling in his left.

“Do not joke about that.” A rough voice came from the man, his throat not used to words coming from itself in ages. As he held the woman, the sound of a guns safety could be heard from father down the alley. Turning to look into the darkness, the man saw another human, a black male who was around the same age as the woman.

“Natasha di- ene see ta be carefrre” The man asked in a language that Russian could not understand, though a part of his mind recognized that he should. Schrunching his forehead, he let go of the woman as she talked to the man, a few of the words starting to make sense to him as the conversation went on.


“Danger”



“Risk”



“Steve”


“Hope” The woman ended the conversation with that final word, a word the man remembered for some reason, though he hasn’t felt the emotion in years, he knew of it. It reminded him of the dreams he had when he was able to sleep, dreams of Summer and of golden wheat hair, blowing gently in the hot city wind.  It was one of the many reasons that the man had not just let Winter take him whole, having dreams of summer was the only ray of sun in his life now, and he was too selfish to let the General take it.

The woman named Natasha, it was what the other man called her at least, turned to look back at the homeless man, smiling the smile that reminded him of a trap, but she knew him, or at least was a good enough liar to make him think she did. “We’d like for you to come with us, you look like a man who we’re searching for.” The woman explained back in a language he knew, softly speacking to him as if she was speaking about a long wanted wish being able to come true . Looking down at his left hand, glove covered in crumbs from the dry stolen bread, he looked back up and nodded. The sun was setting, and if he truly did not like what they wanted, he could always run back into the cold winter night.

The black man who holstered his gun walked out of the Alleyway, and smiled at the Russian, “Names Sam, our hotel is 4 blocks south.” Sam told the man in a horrible attempt at Russian, but he was able to understand it. Nodding at this information, the man let Sam and Natasha guide the way, following close behind and watching the city people stare as their Winter Soldier was guided by two strangers to someplace else.  He ignored the stares and looked at the ground instead, keeping alert by hearing the strange but familiar language being passed between the two in front of him.

“Whaa yeer name?” Came Sam from up ahead, the man looked up and squinted his eyes at the two strangers in confusion.

“Name?” He asked, not knowing why they wanted one or how he knew the word, and also why he did not know if he ever had one. Thinking about it, the man looked around for a moment in thought, trying to think of a name before giving up. “I do not remember.” He explained. The two others looked at eachother with raised eyebrows, clearly not knowing what to say to this. The homeless