it very much.

Suddenly Cain leaned in from his corner. "So are you saying this girl is going to use all her tricks to make him achieve orgasm, simply by using her dancing skills?"

"As far as I understood, yeah." Garth nodded.

There was suddenly a hundred-dollar bill in Cain’s hand. "She’s extremely beautiful, I want to see that." He tapped Dean’s shoulder with the bill and Dean nearly jumped out of his skin.

"Pass this over to them, boy." Cain told him kindly and Dean nodded jerkily, accepting the bill with his empty hand.

The strippers were still dancing, apparently unconcerned with what their audience was up too. Maybe too caught up in their own world or perhaps just not interested. Castiel was still sporting a semi, his dick curving up against his hip now.

Benny just shrugged and the other three dug into their pockets to produce another hundred dollars. Dean added his sweaty, lonely buck and Garth grinned happily at him. Dean returned a shaky smile and tried to hold Cain’s money so it wouldn’t get too wrinkly.

His pants were uncomfortably tight by now and he perched on the edge of his chair, his unoccupied hand on the edge between his legs so that he could press his crotch against his arm. The pressure, however little, was divine.

"Anael." Garth called when they had counted the money twice. She slowed her dance but both she and Castiel somehow managed to remain fluid. "We’d like… Uh, I mean…" he held the money limply and she glanced down at them.

"You want extra?"

Her voice was so smooth, even with her accent.

Garth nodded but looked uncertain. Castiel was smiling slightly behind Anael’s back.

"Just make him bust a nut." Gordon hooted, successfully making Garth blush and Castiel guwaff shortly. Dean’s dick jumped at the sound and he very barely managed to suppress a moan.

"Y-yeah." Garth mumbled and held out the money for her.

She smiled widely and slid closer. "Next folder, track two, handsome." She said sweetly and Dean heard Cain hum behind him as he abruptly changed the song.

Dean’s whole body locked up at the first sound of the new song. A wave of arousal so sharp it almost hurt washed over him and he rocked forward against his arm without even being conscious of it.

As the first notes of Def Leppard’s Pour Some Sugar On Me pounded out of the speakers, Castiel danced over to Dean just as Anael nicked the money from Garth.

Castiel smelled of fresh rain and sweet summer breezes and fuck, his fingers glided along Dean’s when he gently took the money from Dean’s shaking hand. For a second their eyes met and Castiel winked at Dean before dancing out of reach again.

To say that Dean needed to come would be an understatement. He sat with his hand in the air for longer than was cool but no one laughed at him because no one saw.

Because Anael and Castiel started dancing again. And if their movements had been precise and timed before now they were pure perfection. It was obvious that this was their song and that they knew how to use the pace of the song to their advantage.

And oh fuck, Castiel looked rock hard after no time at all. Anael had her back pressed to his chest, her hands in his hair as he gripped her hips. They were fucking, there was simply no other word for it.

"Holy shit." Gordon mumbled and Benny grunted something unintelligent in answer.

Dean couldn’t breathe. His hips were jerking uncontrollably now and his dick begged for release even as he watched Castiel move sinuously against and around the twirling Anael.

"She’s gonna do it." Garth whispered hoarsely and Dean wanted to say that Castiel was the one who was going to do it. The man was going to make Dean come in his pants like the teenager he was, right here in front of his friends and the beautiful strangers.

It was like Anael and Castiel were some kind of otherworldly creatures, sent here to entice the petty humans. Sirens sent to lure the sailors.

Fuck, Dean was out of metaphors, he was really going to come. His whole back burned with the need, his stomach muscles cramping.

He was staring at Castiel’s face more than his dick and fucking hell was the man beautiful in his increasing desperation. He really wasn’t faking it, Dean could see, either he was getting off on being watched or he was good enough at escaping into his private headspace that it didn’t bother him but either way Castiel would have no problem coming in his underwear.

Anael mumbled something in Russian that made Castiel chuckle and fuck…

Suddenly he twirled her around, strong hands on her sides and they were face to face. Garth’s breath hitched and Benny mumbled come on but no one did anything. The other men were sitting extremely still and if Dean had been looking at them he surely would have seen more than one erection tenting their pants but