a few hours of television, he felt his eyelids begin to droop as he dozed off.

When Rohan finally finished, he found Josuke sprawled out on the couch, snoring lightly as the light from the television played across his face. Unfortunately, Josuke not only took up too much space on the couch to make it workable to curl up next to him, but he was also far too large for Rohan to just pick up and take upstairs to the bedroom. He instead found himself staring at the young man as he dozed on the couch, watching his chest rise and fall evenly. Rohan crept closer and knelt down next to him, resting his head on his stomach. He remained that way for several minutes until Josuke stirred under him.

“Wha… wh’ time izzit?” Josuke muttered, his eyes just barely open.

“Come up to bed, Josuke.” Rohan grabbed him by the hand, gently pulling him up off the couch and towards the stairs. He felt awkward doing so; holding hands wasn’t something he particularly liked doing, especially since Josuke’s hand was so large. Everything about him was like that, Rohan thought slyly. This made his heart beat a bit faster as he ascended the stairs.

Josuke had been groggy at first but the moment he felt Rohan pull him towards the stairs, he snapped out of it. Shit, he thought. I wanted to talk to him before we did this sort of stuff again. But the pull of Rohan’s hand made it easy to forget this, and when Rohan practically shoved him onto the bed and straddled him he’d completely forgotten any promise he’d made to himself to take things more slowly. He reached down to pull up his shirt and was immediately thwarted by Rohan himself, who practically ripped it off for him before pulling off his own shirt in turn, pressing his chest against Josuke as he began kissing him deeply.

“You’re so hard already,” Rohan murmured, his hand moving down to stroke Josuke through the fabric of his jeans. He leaned back and began unbuttoning Josuke’s fly, but stopped short of withdrawing his cock. Instead, he stood up quickly and unzipped his own pants, kicking them aside along with his briefs. He stood there stroking his own cock for a few moments as he looked down at Josuke, watching the younger man’s chest heave as he anticipated the other man’s next move. Rohan reached down and grabbed the waistband of Josuke’s boxers, leaving him with only a few seconds to lift his hips so that Rohan could yank the fabric down and leave him completely exposed. He leaned forward over Josuke as the side of his mouth curled upward in a wry grin.

“I want to fuck you, Higashikata.” He purred. Josuke flushed an even deeper shade of red, his cock now so hard that it was almost painful. He felt almost breathless and was only able to nod in response at first, but this wasn’t good enough for the slender man looming above him. “No, I want you to say you want it,” Rohan said, his grin spreading.

“I want you to fuck me. Please.” Josuke’s voice cracked as he spoke. For a moment, he felt a twinge of nervousness; he’d never done this before, but surely it wouldn’t be so bad? He definitely wanted it, after all. Rohan stood up for a moment and opened a drawer in his bedside table, withdrawing a small bottle. Clutching it in one hand, he crawled back into bed alongside Josuke and pulled the other man against him, kissing him again as one hand traveled down to Josuke’s cock, encircling it and stroking it softly for a moment or two before uncapping the bottle in his other hand. He coated his fingers in lubricant and slowly, slowly moved his fingers towards Josuke’s opening, pressing his index finger against him and pausing for a moment before beginning to press inward. Josuke inhaled sharply as he felt the finger slowly work its way further in.

Rohan moved away from Josuke’s lips and began sucking on his earlobe.

“You have to relax, Josuke,” he whispered. “It’ll feel even better once you do.”

Josuke merely responded by reaching one of his large hands around Rohan, pulling him closer as Rohan began adding a second finger, thrusting it in slowly at first and then slowly scissoring the fingers outward, opening him up further. Finally, Rohan pulled himself up and knelt in front of Josuke once again, leaving Josuke’s legs splayed out on either side of him. He reached for the bottle again and coated the head of his cock before pressing it against Josuke. Even after all of Rohan’s ministrations, Josuke found it difficult to relax at first as the head of Rohan’s prick slowly pushed into him. After a moment, however, the head had pushed past his tight ring and the rest of his length began to slide in more easily. Rohan began fucking him with small, careful strokes before eventually burying himself to the hilt in Josuke’s ass.

Josuke groaned