head disapprovingly; the burger boy would regret his choices later.

“Um hi, can I get three burgers.” Chanyeol said, effectively earning the attention of the burger boy  who then looked up at Chanyeol. Chanyeol only seemed to register that his nametag said Jongin, before the guy was already grimacing at him.

“Ooo, ouch.” He said with sympathy, leaving Chanyeol very very confused. “Uh sure, three burgers coming right up.” Then the burger boy seemed to spot someone from behind Chanyeol and smiled, “Hey Soo, a little late aren’t we?”

Chanyeol stepped aside to let the next costumer over, only to realize with great shock that it was his lifeguard standing there. This time however, he wasn’t wearing his godsend of a uniform, instead he wore a more casual outfit, a white tee with some small logo in the corner, and some Adidas shorts, along with a NYC cap.

Soo laughed a little, “Intentionally late, Sehun made me take over his shift yesterday.”

Jongin grinned. “He was so out drinking, wasn’t he?”

“Exactly, so I’m going to let him stew for a little. Fix me up with a burger will you? I’m starving.”

Jongin chuckled, “They don’t call you Satansoo for nothing huh? Poor guy has been looking for you for an hour; he keeps coming down and asking where you are.”

Then, perhaps noticing that Chanyeol was blatantly staring again, Soo(?) (or satansoo??), turned around to face Chanyeol, only to gasp.

“Woah! Are you okay?” He asked, confusing, but also short-circuting Chanyeol’s brain with the way his gaze was running all over Chanyeol’s body.

“N-No.” Chanyeol stuttered out. ”You just took my breath away, I think I’m dying.” And wow, Chanyeol hadn’t meant to pull out the pick-up lines before even saying hello, and even a weird improvised one at that.

Soo looked confused, whilst Jongin rose a knowing eyebrow in the background. “You’re red. Like, really really red. Did you forget to put sun screen on or something?” He asked, his confusing look now changing into a worried stare.

Oh my God, Chanyeol wanted to kiss him.

“Uhhhh” Was all Chanyeol managed to say.

“Okay look, you shouldn’t go in the sun anymore. Also,” he said, suddenly rummaging through the sports bag dangling from his shoulder. Eventually he pulled out a bottle of 50+ sunscreen lotion. “Use this.” He said, as he took Chanyeol’s palm, forcefully opened it and placed the bottle on it.

When Chanyeol was still staring dumbly at Soo, he apparently seemed to get a tad uncomfortable. “What’s your name?” he asked, promptly looking away from Chanyeol.

But then Chanyeol sucked in a breath, suddenly turning back to his excited beagle self at the prospect of introducing himself. “Chanyeol! Park Chanyeol!”

Soo seemed more at ease with the sudden excitement (and the fact that the other wasn’t staring at him like a dazed zombie anymore), and a soft smile appeared. “Look Chanyeol, it’s important that you use sunscreen. So remember to use it. I already applied some on myself today, so feel free to keep the bottle.” He told him kindly, albeit a little as if he was talking to some dumb tall child.

Chanyeol was just about to reply when Jongin called. “Order up!”

Chanyeol looked at Jongin, then at Soo, then back at Jongin, then back at Soo.

The lifeguard chuckled at that, before nodding in Jongin’s direction, motioning for the other to go get his stuff.

“Thank you.” Chanyeol said, before skipping over to get his order. Then he looked over at the other side of the pool, to where Jongdae and Baekhyun were both blatantly staring at him.

Baekhyun gave him a thumbs up and an obnoxiously impressed nod whilst Jongdae got up with his wallet so he could come over and pay.

Chanyeol looked back at his burgers, and now at the cashier that had appeared. A short boy, almost the same height as Chanyeol’s lifeguard, with pointy cat-like eyes and expertly parted black hair. He was about to open his mouth but stopped short when he saw Chanyeol’s sunburnt front. “Pfft.” He couldn’t help but let out, not even with the consciousness to be subtle. “You look like a lobster, you know that, right?” he said as he rang up the order.

“Rude.” Chanyeol countered honestly, but that just made the cashier laugh even more. Chanyeol looked at the green shirt the guy was wearing, Minseok, huh? Ass.

Finally, Jongdae arrived, giving the cashier a small awkward smile before handing him a couple of bills and aggressively pulling Chanyeol back with him to their spot.

Baekhyun still had that dumb impressed look on his face. “Way to go Yeollie, already talking with ya man.” And he gave him