Arthur's health. As much as he wanted to help, his efforts could easily backfire if their housemates learned the truth. He thought a note might be acceptable, but when he visited the library, he found that their secret invisible tome had gone missing. He wondered if Arthur had hidden it away to discourage him from trying to resume contact.

Not one to give up, he waited to corner Arthur until after the other students had left the Potions dungeon and Slughorn had gone to fetch some supplies from the store room. They had at least a few minutes before the next class would arrive.

"Go away, Jones," Arthur whispered, glancing at Alfred out of the corner of his eye.

Sensing more distress than anger, Alfred shook his head and refused to budge. "No, you look like crap, Arthur. Meet me at the conservatory Friday after dinner?" he suggested in the quietest tone he could manage.

"This Friday? That would be... no, not then," Arthur whispered back, a brief flash of panic crossing his face.

"Okay. Saturday evening?" Alfred offered, resisting the urge to kiss away the stress lines covering Arthur's forehead.

"Slug Club."

"Sunday?" Alfred knew he would have to miss his meeting with Dumbledore's Army, but he would find some excuse. This was important.

Arthur finally sighed and dropped his shoulders. "Okay."

"Uh, Johnson, did you need something?" Slughorn asked, giving Alfred a perplexed look as the professor stepped back into the classroom with some knot grass in his hands. He set the ingredient on the table.

"It's Jones, sir. I've got a friend who's really stressed, and I was wondering... do you know a potion that's good for reducing tension?" he asked cheerfully, ignoring the way Arthur stiffened next to him.

"Hmm." Slughorn glanced between Alfred and Arthur, a hint of amusement in his eyes. "Well, the Calming Draught is useful, though it creates a stupor in large doses. The Euphoria Elixir would be enough to overwhelm most worries, and the Scintillation Solution could help you solve any problem." He rubbed his chin. "Of course, personally, I would recommend a good cup of chamomile."

Alfred wrinkled his nose. "Isn't that a flower?"

"It's an herbal tea, you clodpot," Arthur corrected, swatting Arthur in the arm out of pure habit. Realizing what he had done, he ducked his head and beat a quick retreat, muttering something under his breath about being late for his next class.

"Ah, such an eager student," Slughorn said cheerfully as he returned to his cupboard. Alfred thought that the potions master had gone back to ignoring him now that Arthur had left the room, but he returned a moment later and handed two tea bags to Alfred. "Here you go, Johnson. Pass these along to your friend."

"Thanks!" Putting the tea bags into his pocket, Alfred decided that Slughorn was okay, despite being a Slytherin. Unfortunately, Alfred was about as bad at brewing tea as he was at making potions. His parents might have moved to England when he was young, but they had both stayed loyal to coffee. He settled on stealing a couple of teacups from the Divinations Tower and hoped that the thought would be enough.

When Sunday finally arrived, Alfred pretended to have serious indigestion after dinner. He begged off from his weekly meeting with Dumbledore's Army and left to visit the nurse's office.

He arrived at the herbology classroom before Arthur, giving him time to prepare the cups. He hoped it would make Arthur smile. As the sun began to set, Alfred started to wonder if Arthur was having second thoughts about their meeting. Yes, it was a risk, but he needed to know that Arthur was all right.

Alfred heard footsteps behind him and turned around with a smile, only to freeze when he realized that the figure wasn't Arthur.

"What are you doing here, Al? I thought you were going to see the nurse," Colin said, frowning in confusion.

Keeping the smile plastered on his face, Alfred nodded. "Yep! And she told me that chamomile would do the trick. So—" he pointed the pots filled with white flowers that resembled daisies "—I thought I'd pick some fresh ones!"

Colin laughed. "Al, she meant the tea."

"Ohhh..." Alfred smacked his forehead. "Right, tea!"

Believing the excuse, Colin nodded and started ducking his head under the tables in the greenhouse. "Hey, since you're here, mind helping me find a bag of fluxweed? Dennis helped me pick them during the full moon on Friday, but I think we forgot a bag."

Alfred hid the two teacups behind a planter and joined Colin in the search. Spring flowers bloomed in every corner of the conservatory, filling the room with color and giving it a pleasant scent. After a few minutes of fruitless searching, he smacked himself in the forehead again. How could he have forgotten that he was