”So-“

“Bucky, no.”

“Oh, come on,” Bucky groaned, his shoulders going limp. “You’re not serious, baby. You’re not.”

“No, no, no,” Steve said, folding his arms over his chest, glaring at his chest and refolding them. “Don’t even start with that.”

“Baby,” Bucky drawled, knowing when he had an in and taking it, coming close, letting the ripple of a re-calibration run along his arm as he reached for Steve’s waist. “Come on, baby. I’ll be good to you, you know I will.”

“Oh for Christ’s sake,” Steve smacked at his fingers. “Why do you think that’ll work?”

“Because it always works,” Bucky said, raising an eyebrow, ducking past Steve’s defenses and running his hands over his hips. “Holy- mm. You’re beautiful, Stevie. Always did look pretty in a dress.”

“Nat’s dress,” Steve reminded him, slapping his hands. “Nat’s dress, and no, Bucky. We ain’t. Now stop it. Hands to yourself. Both of ‘em.”

"Baaaaaaby,” Bucky was whining now, and Steve couldn’t take whining, it wasn’t fair, it went- between his legs, it wasn’t fair. “Baby, Stevie, baby, please, don’t be like that, we don’t know how long you’ve got and-“

"And I don’t want to have to figure out how to get your dick out of a- place that ain’t there anymore if I change in the middle of it! Now quit!” Steve shoved, and Bucky fell back, and there was that pout, that godawful pout that always made him hard and-


“No.”

“I’d let you,” Bucky said, snatching his hand mid-slap and kissing his knuckles. “You know I’d let you. I’d sit on it and bounce if it was me, baby, I just want you to lay back and enjoy yourself.”

"Oh my God,” Steve complained when Bucky sucked his finger all the way to the back of his throat. “Are you serious right now? Bucky, this is a spell. A magic spell. You hate magic. You hate transformational magic more than regular magic. You don’t even like card tricks, and your first reaction to me bein’ a dame is-“

"Is to wanna put my face between your thighs and see you blush all the way down to what I’m betting are a pair of nipples even prettier than the usual?” Bucky purred, licking his palm. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s my reaction. Have I mentioned how pretty you are, baby? Because you’re so pretty, Stevie. You’re the prettiest-“

"Shut your face!” Steve groaned, pushing his hair back and wiping his hand off on his- Natasha’s dress. “I am not having sex with you. I’m not. I mean ‘no’ this time, Bucky, I don’t mean ‘court me,’ I don’t mean ‘kiss me into it,’ I don’t mean ‘maybe if you beg,’ I mean ‘no.’ Stop. Just stop.”

Bucky lifted both of his hands in surrender, stepping back a full pace, letting Steve gather his thoughts. “Okay. I’m sorry. I’m done.”

“Thank you,” Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest. “Jesus.”

“I am actually sorry,” Bucky clarified, tucking his hands into his pockets. “That’s sort of-“

"It’s a thing that we do,” Steve admitted, sighing. “I know, and I usually love it, I usually think it’s the sexiest thing in the world, but I just feel so-“

"Little?” Bucky suggested, brushing his hair back from his temple, caressing his cheek. “Helpless?”

Steve snorted, giving him a sharp smile. “You’re kidding, right? Not at all. I’ve seen Nat and Peg do a lot more with a lot less. I’m running on four hours’ sleep, I’m hungry, I hate these shoes and I want a shower.”

“I can wash your hair?” Bucky offered. “Hands above the shoulders, even.”

Steve rolled his eyes and grabbed Bucky by the front of his t-shirt. “I swear, you’re fourteen in your pants.”

“I’m just saying, if you’d always been like this, we’d have six kids by now.”

“You ever get turned into a woman, I’m going to make you eat that,” Steve muttered, pulling him toward the kitchen. “You’re making me pierogies.”