an answer.

"Please..do..." Kaminari trembles.

Sero feels confused, he has no clue why is Kaminari acting like this at all.


Is it really because of the nightmare?


The boy looks almost wrecked and Sero doesn't know what to do nor what to say to make the blonde boy feels better.

And without saying anything at all toward the poor boy, Sero turns his back to walk out of Kaminari's room, deciding to leave the blonde boy alone to take a breath and relax by himself.

When he finally already steps out from Kaminari's room, he sees the blonde's mom staring at him worriedly.

"I'm really sorry about that my dear...Denki has been trying to lock himself away from anyone since the morning. I don't know what is happening to that boy, but I do hope that he'll be alright  eventually, I already miss the usual happy-go-lucky Denki." Kaminari's mom explains as she forms a little smile.

"It's okay, miss. I'm sure he'll be fine eventually." Sero returns her smile.

"Thank you, Hanta-kun. You really are a good friend. I also really do hope that everything you said is true, I hope Denki will be alright soon."

Sero nods, hoping for the same thing. He hopes that the blonde will be alright soon, and maybe later he can actually finally tell Sero about this nightmare of his, when Kaminari is finally okay that is..

 

 

Days passed by and Kaminari still can't figure what Kirishima is.

Kaminari knows this is wrong, eveything just so wrong.

Kirishima is dead, is what he keeps trying to tell himself.

But if Kirishima is really dead then what was that?, is the next thing he keeps asking himself.

Kaminari doesn't realize that he's glaring at the road while he's stirring the wheel right at this moment.

"Geez, Kaminari-kun, you look like you're about to burst or something." Midoriya says after he got woken up by the blonde boy who sat next to him driving the car.

"Hey Midoriya, I have a question.." Kaminari tries to sound serious.

"Sure, ask me anything." Midoriya  giggles "Is it about the project we got today together? Don't worry so much Kaminari, I'll finish the half of them eventually and then send you the file to–"

"No, it's not about that!" Kaminari cut him off "I-It's about something else.."

"Oh." Midoriya's smile turns to something flat "You're gonna ask me about Kacchan, right?"

Kaminari nods "So you do know."

"Well.." Midoriya turns his head to look at the window "Kacchan..he..he has been following me recently..."

"And? And how do you know that? Did he ever show himself directly? Because Kirishima–"

"Of course he did! He terrors me almost every night now! Coming to my room whenever he feels like it, forcing his kisses, and suddenly he–" Midoriya exclaims "I-I just– He– Kacchan–"

"What?! Tell me, Midoriya!" Kaminari yells suddenly, while still focusing his gaze in front to look at the road.

"Kacchan– He–" Midoriya pauses "Two days ago, he bit my neck."

Kaminari still trying to proceed Midoriya's words in his head as he finally responds "What?!"

"K-Kaminari, whatever you do, when Kirishima around you, don't ever let him get too close to your neck."

"What?! Why??"

"If you don't ever want to end up like me, just don't! Okay?! Stay far away from him!" Midoriya keeps telling him.

Kaminari stops the car on the sidetrack without a warning, almost made both of them jolted in surprise.

"Midoriya!" Kaminari exclaims as he turns his body to look directly at Midoriya now "I don't understand! What are you trying to tell me?!"

"Kaminari-kun," Kaminari hears Midoriya gulps.

"They're vampires."

 

 

Kaminari feels like to throw up, he feels really sick for unknown reasons. He just can't take it anymore.

"So you're trying to say here, Bakugou Katsuki and Kirishima Eijirou, two guys who died several years ago, are not actually dead." Kaminari tries to ask calmly, taking the cup of tea from Midoriya's hand. "But instead of a human, they're both vampires. A bloodlust creature."

"Yes." Midoriya smiles sadly, pulling a chair across Kaminari.

They're now together in Midoriya's house, gladly, his parents are out of town, because of that they can actually talk about this topic just between themselves, or so Kaminari thought...

"Deku! What the hell is he doing here?!" The familiar aggressive tone rings a bell inside Kaminari's head.

"Shut up Kacchan! Leave us alone!" Midoriya yells back at the boy.

"Ah, of course