sternum, across his belly until it rubs down over the tight fabric of his underwear, and Yixing wriggles impatiently under him.  Chanyeol tugs them off without preamble, stroking his hands along the smooth length of Yixing’s lean calves, and then he too is shedding clothing like it’s burning him.

 

Yixing’s dizzy and helpless when Kris nudges his thighs apart and settles between them, dragging his knees up to bracket his hips and drawing straight lines with his fingertips across Yixing’s chest and belly.  He laughs softly when Chanyeol’s hands slip around his body from behind to undo his belt buckle.  Yixing moans, digging his heels into the back of Kris’s thighs.

 

“Eager,” Kris says with a smirk.  He shifts as Chanyeol drags his jeans and boxers down his legs, jumping comically when Chanyeol stoops to sink his teeth his ass cheek.  “You, too, huh?”

 

“I don’t wanna wait anymore.” Chanyeol peeks around the side of Kris’s hip, hand coasting lightly over the ridge to grip into smooth flesh.

 

“Too bad, baby,” Kris purrs, pulling Chanyeol into a headlock.  He tips Chanyeol’s head up with fingertips on his chin, so that Chanyeol’s looking at Yixing.  “We have to take care of our guest first.”

 

“I know.” Chanyeol grins, and Kris lets him go, mussing his hair affectionately.  Yixing feels a grip at his heart; Kris and Chanyeol are clearly perfect partners in whatever this is they’re doing, and he has no idea why they’d want to include him in this.  Why they’d share anyone with each other.

 

His musings are interrupted when Chanyeol pounces on him with enthusiasm, straddling Yixing’s hips with his own and rolling them over in one violent motion so quick Yixing doesn’t even have time to yelp in surprise.  He hooks his own legs over Yixing’s bent knees, thighs pressing against Yixing’s, goofy grin on his face.

 

“You look good like this, hyung,” Chanyeol wrinkles his nose cutely, and Yixing giggles a bit hysterically.  It breaks into a moan when a hand wraps around his cock and strokes once from base to tip, and he leans his forehead against Chanyeol’s with a gasp as Kris strokes him again, pressing the pad of his thumb to Yixing’s entrance.

 

Yixing moans when Kris teases him a bit more, tracing fingers up and down the cleft; he can’t move far, restrained by Chanyeol’s leglock, so he drops his upper body against Chanyeol’s and fists his hands in his short dark hair, biting off a gasp.  He presses the bridge of his nose to Chanyeol’s collarbone and tries to control his heaving chest.

 

Kris smirks at Chanyeol as he teases Yixing with two fingers.  Chanyeol runs his hands down Yixing’s flanks, relishing the high-pitched, breathy whine that leaves his throat.

 

But it’s the wet rub of Kris’s tongue against his hole that makes Yixing’s breath break hot against Chanyeol’s neck.  “Oh my god.” He breathes, barely above a whisper.  “Oh, fuck.”

 

Kris laughs softly, stroking big hands up over Yixing’s ass cheeks to spread them.  He’s teasing with fingers and tongue, pressing just the tip of his index finger inside Yixing’s body, his own cock twitching at how tight he is.  Yixing shakes violently in Chanyeol’s arms, a high-pitched moan caught in his throat.

 

“Is he tight, hyung?” Chanyeol asks throatily.   Kris growls in response.

 

“So fucking tight, baby.” He presses another finger in, only to the first knuckle, tongue flicking around the tight entrance and drawing another moan from Yixing.  “So good.  Chanyeol, I need some lube.”

 

Chanyeol reaches for the side drawer, elbow bent awkwardly to rifle through it before handing off a half-empty bottle.  Yixing starts a little at the cold drizzle of lube over his entrance before Kris sinks both fingers deep into him, pressing down sharply.  “Good?” Kris murmurs.

 

Yixing mewls and ruts against Chanyeol’s hip once, twice, the glancing pressure just enough to set him off, and his back bows almost instantly.

 

“Holy shit,” Yixing gasps, and the way he hauls on Chanyeol’s hair has Chanyeol moaning too; then Yixing is coming, teeth digging into the flesh of Chanyeol’s collarbone as he shudders rhythmically, hot come flecking against Chanyeol’s lower belly.

 

“Holy shit,” Chanyeol echoes, as Yixing gasps out something unintelligible with his face smashed into Chanyeol’s chest.

 

“Wow.” Kris murmurs, drawing his fingers out, but Yixing throws his head wildly, almost hitting Chanyeol in the face, hips jolting backward.

 

“No!” He pants out, and Kris stops, bracing his other hand against Yixing’s hip, tips of his fingers just stretching Yixing’s entrance.  “Again!” He’s still hard, so achingly hard, and Chanyeol’s looking at him with glassy eyes and swollen lips, and the