his walls, and Akashi’s exotic flavor wasn’t exactly easing his incitement any. Convinced his lover was preparing him and soon he’d meet relief, he tried to form a distraction, and returned to attending to Akashi’s needs. Behind him, Akashi had moved once more, the sound of the bottle being squeezed again echoing behind him. A bit bewildered by this, Kouki raised his head slightly, trying to convince himself there was nothing unusual about this, as they had done this position many times.

It wasn’t until Seijuro’s fingers retracted, substituting with something that was much thicker. He jerked forward, causing Seijuro to pause in his task to caress the side of his thigh.

“Shh,” he coaxed, “Try not to move, Kouki, or it’s going to be a bit more difficult. I’m not going to hurt you, but it’ll be uncomfortable if you move.”

Once the object was fully sheathed inside him, Kouki tried to glance behind, but given the position, it was impossible. All he was able to detect was a wire brushing against his inner thigh.

“What is that?” he asked quietly, not sure if he wished to know.

He could sense Akashi once more moving, debating if he wanted to drop his head to view him through his spread thighs. But that thought was humiliating enough without having to act.

“Something that’ll make you feel nice,” was the simple response.

Kouki frowned. That wasn’t the answer he had wanted. He was about to push his question further when a vibration coursed through him. The shock tore through every nerve ending, his lips parting to expel a surprised cry. He squirmed, only to find his waist locked in place, Akashi’s hands securing his position.

“Is it too much?” Seijuro chuckled at the lack of response and perused the switch once again. “Perhaps it’s not enough.”

Using the moment to catch his breath, Kouki slowly resumed his task, bowing his head, his lips suctioning around the swollen tip. Though he had odd ways of showing it, he knew Seijuro was doing everything in his power to make him feel good - even if it had the effect of arousing him as well.

And if that was the case, he was going to do everything he could to return that favor, whether he knew if that could be accomplished or not. His tongue flicked out to swipe against the drenched slit, sliding down until it was caressing the throbbing vein underneath.

Akashi inhaled sharply, his mismatched eyes studying the rounded rump in front of him. He could already see fluid dripping through the opening between Kouki’s thighs, trickling down until it landed on the silken sheets. He fought the urge to remain in control, the struggle of seeing such a display and feeling such wonderful friction below making him nearly forget the task at hand.

Snapping from his daze, he once more pressed in the remote, listening to the wonderful cry of satisfaction that echoed aloud. Kouki’s lips were still wrapped firmly around him, the sensation of his throat vibrating against his throbbing member only adding to the mix of pleasure. He wanted so desperately to see him determined to suck him off, watch him pause to whimper and cry when the vibrations coursed through him with his lips still attached to his swollen crown.

But there would be other times for that. Right now, he was satisfied with the display before him.

Since Kouki had been focusing on the tingles, it wasn’t a surprise that the next development caught him off guard. A hand now resting on his leaking cock, slowly tugging and syncing with the vibrations that he barely had a moment to recover from. The combination of the two sent him abruptly spiraling over the edge, hardly able to register it was occurring as he released a heavy jet of essence onto his lover’s stomach.

Recovering from his peak, he wasn’t aware that he was being picked up until he was cozied against his lover’s chest. Akashi’s hand was perched on the top of his head, deft fingers smoothing back his dampened locks, the other poised on his back, rubbing circles along his spine. Panting, the lingering frissons slithered down his back and delivered another round of shivers. Gradually his eyes inched open, head elevating to meet Seijuro’s stare.

Kouki flushed at the strength of his gaze, the same fervor glowing throughout those vivid eyes. He moved slightly, his limp cock brushing against Akashi’s rigid one, and caused another moan to peal from his lips. Only when the figurative dust settled did guilt spring up to haunt him.

“You didn’t… I didn’t finish you… I’m-”

He was stopped short by his lover’s thumb swiping at the corner of his mouth. His temperature spiked when Akashi licked his digits clean, before pointedly returning his attention to him.

“You weren’t supposed to.” He chuckled lowly, lifting the remote to illustrate his next point. “Did you really think you’d be able to go