you can either respect my mate or you can leave. You are upsetting him. I am not the traditionalist that you and father are so please respect that and stop insulting my mate."

His mother sputtered, "But Castiel, you are the Alpha. You are the boss of the household, the Omega does what you want."

Cas shook his head, "Dean and I are equals in this mom. Understand that or leave. I will not have you upsetting him. He doesn't need that."

His mother huffed but nodded.

"I'm gonna go make sure he is okay, I'll bring him back here. Be nice please. You can sit down." Cas left her at that and went to go find Dean.

He found him playing with Sam in Sam's room.

Cas liked to just watch them at these times. He loved watching Dean be a great big brother to Sam, he loved watching them interact. Dean would be a wonderful parent. Even with the stress of raising Sam and raising his own soon, Dean was taking the challenges head on. Though, there were nights that Cas heard Dean whimper for his parents. He knew Dean missed his parents and that it was hard on him but he didn't show it. Dean liked to keep things to himself, it had almost ended their relationship earlier on but he slowly opened to Cas. Dean was being strong and Cas was so lucky to have a mate like him.

"Hey."

Dean and Sam both looked up and they smiled.

"Is your mom still here?" Dean was pouting, these pregnancy hormones are making him soft.

Cas chuckled and walked in the room, "Yes but I want to properly introduce you two. She won't be rude but she's a traditionalist Dean so if she comes off a little... Rude, try not to get to angry with her please. You know I will always treat us equally."

Dean nodded and got up, holding his hand out to Sam, "Wanna go meet Cas's mom Sammy?" Sam shrugged and slipped his hand in Dean's. Cas lead the way out.

"Mom, this is my mate, Dean Winchester and his little brother Sam."

Dean gave her a smile and held his hand out.

Cas's mother took it and shook it, "Naomi." 

They all sat down, Sam sat on Deans lap.

"So Dean, what do you do? Besides cooking and taking care of Sam."

Dean gritted his teeth, "I'm a doctor. I work at the local hospital."

Naomi's eyebrows rose spectacularly, "Oh! Not a lot of Omegas get in to be doctors and when they do their usually ridiculed or something like that."

Dean tensed, "I have it more tough than Alphas or Betas but I love helping people so I work through the struggles."

"Well I hope you don't work too hard, since you're carrying a pup and all. Maybe you should stay home?"

Dean gritted his teeth harder, "I was told I can work up until two weeks before my due date. I am okay."

Naomi tsked, "You shouldn't put uneccessary stress on you or the pup, you can lose 'em like that."

"I'm not. I'm not stressed or anything. Me and the pup are fine."

Naomi nodded, "Alright, just be careful. Wouldn't want to lose the pup."

Dean was fed up, "I AM CAPABLE OF TAKING CARE OF MYSELF AND MY UNBORN PUP! I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU ARE IMPLYING THAT I CAN'T! I'VE BEEN TAKING CARE OF SAM MOST OF HIS LIFE." Dean removed Sam from his lap and got up, quickly walking from the room, wiping tears away.

Cas glared at his mom, "Mother. You are causing him unnecessary stress. Excuse me."

Cas walked to their room to find Dean sobbing into a pillow.

He walked over to him and sat down, rubbing a hand down Dean's back, "I'm sorry baby."

Dean pulled himself from the pillow and latched himself onto Cas.

"Why does she think that I would want to do anything that will harm our pup. I love it, I love you and what we made together. I-I-"

Cas made to lift Dean's head, wiping the tear tracks, "I know you do and I love you too. My mom is just like that, don't let it get to you baby." 

Dean looked up to Cas, "Do you wish I was more obedient? Like other Omegas?"

Cas shook his head no, "I love that you have your own opinions, that you know what you want. You're my own little firecracker, you don't take shit from no one. Not even other Alphas."

Dean smiled lightly, leaning forward and kissing his mate, sighing against his lips, "I love you."

Cas smiled, pecking Dean's lips, "I love you more. We should go