would. Herc lets out a long breath and rests his hands on his hips half awkwardly, not quite sure what else to do with them. "Now what?"

Chuck's eyes narrow slightly as he leans forward, gaze moving over his father's silk wrapped package. He reaches out, fingertips stroking up Herc's thigh before catching one hip and tugging him closer, pulling him to stand between Chuck's knees. "Gorgeous," he murmurs, leaning in to nuzzle the length of his erection, breath hot as he groans against the fabric.

Herc bites down hard at his lower lip, hands sliding into Chuck's hair, encouraging the slow, worshipful kisses Chuck's begun to press to the shaft of his cock through the silk. "Oh god...."

"Knew you'd like it," Chuck murmurs. He looks up at Herc through eyelashes that Herc's always thought were much too thick, smirking before running the flat of his tongue up his shaft, groaning against the pink silk. His hands move back to clench at Herc's ass, pulling him closer as he mouths at his cock through the panties, sucking along the shaft and at the head of his cock.

Herc watches because he knows how much Chuck likes it when he does, how he can't look away from the sight of his son sucking cock like he's gagging for it. Because Chuck gets more enthusiastic when he glances up to make sure he's watching, one hand moving between Herc's thighs to cup and massage his balls through the panties. He knows that Chuck will be certain to take these memories back with him the next time they Drift like he always does, and leave in their place Chuck's own memories of standing in the shower with his fingers wrapped around his cock, jerking off to the memories of seeing him suck off his father through his father's eyes.

Herc lets out a shuddering breath, fingers tightening slightly in Chuck's hair, clinging to the edges of his control. He holds back all the dirty, filthy things he wants to say, because even though Chuck knows, this is still his son. The saliva soaked panties are cool against the heat of his erection when Chuck's lips move to press to the head of his cock again, even more slick under Chuck's fingers, and he groans as Chuck eases the waistband of the panties down enough to suck the head of his father's cock into his mouth.

"God, boy...." Herc bites his lip on the words as soon as they leave his mouth, trying not to think on the way they make Chuck whimper helplessly, sucking on him more hungrily. He pushes down the waistband of the panties to sit tight at the base of Herc's cock and swallows him to the hilt like a pro, like he's done this to a thousand men instead of just to his father. It's maddeningly good, as as much as Herc wants to fist his hands in Chuck's hair and fuck his throat until he comes, he knows what Chuck really wants. And his son long ago successfully eroded away enough of his morality that he's willing to do it.

He pulls from Chuck's lips, groaning as the boy tries to follow him, lips pulling off his cockhead with a soft pop. He holds Chuck's expectant gaze for a moment, swallowing hard before he can manage to speak. "Tell me what you want, Chuck."

Chuck's reddened lips widen into a smirk. "I want you to fuck me, daddy."

Herc chokes back a groan. "I told you not to say that."

"You told me to tell you what I wanted," Chuck counters, still smirking, moving back to sprawl on the bed again. He strokes a hand down to curl around his cock as he pulls his knees to his chest, exploiting that show-off kink again. "I'm ready for you, daddy. Fingered myself open while I was waiting for you, while I was thinking about blowing you in those panties."

"Cocky little bastard," Herc growls, heart pounding as he moves to kneel between his thighs, catching his mouth in a hard kiss. He'll never admit how much he loves Chuck like this, warm and eager and tasting of his cock. He won't admit it, but Chuck knows, pulling him down into his kisses as his legs wrap around his father's waist, arching up against him in full abandon and letting the length of his cock slide against Herc's. 

"You know I am," he breathes against his mouth, nipping at Herc's lower lip as he kisses him again. "Come on, old man. Fuck me."

This never stops feeling wrong to him, but Herc can feel Chuck's happiness almost as acutely as he can when they Drift, so he grabs the bottle of lube from where Chuck's left it sitting on the shelf beside the bed, slicking his cock before sliding two fingers up inside his son. Chuck cries out against