"This is Ryan and he's 24. I found him sitting in the rain crying. Ryan this is Jeremy my husband." Nicholas introduce them to each other.

   Ryan looked at the man in front of him then stuck his hand out to shake hands. As they shook hands he looked up into Jeremy's light brown eyes, both of these men were bigger and taller than him.

"It's nice to meet you Ryan. Come with me I might have some clothes that you can fit."

  Jeremy took Ryan to the bathroom and gave him some towels to wash and dry himself with. "You can take a shower with anything in here. I'll leave you a change of clothes outside the door for you. Once your done come to the kitchen to eat. You can leave your dirty clothes in the basket."

"Okay thank you."

"Your welcome." He left to find clothes for the poor boy. When he found stuff that fit Ryan he put it outside the bathroom door. Jeremy went to the kitchen and made everybody a plate of Italian spaghetti with a side salad. ' I'm glad I made a little bit more than usual.' He thought to himself.

   Everyone was sitting at the table waiting for Ryan to come. " Where did you say you found him again?" "In a ally he was crying so hard he didn't even notice me." they both had a sad look on their faces. That's when Ryan walked in wearing a to big green shirt that went to his knees and loose basketball shorts.

"I'm all done I did what you said." He had a big smile on his face happy to be clean.

"That's good to hear come sit down and eat. After we're done eating we're going to move to the living room and talk."

Ryan looked nervously at Nicholas. "Okay sir." He sat down and everyone started to eat.

After everyone was done they moved to the living room. "What did you wanna talk about?"

"We wanted to know if there was anyone we could call to tell them that you're here."

"No, my family died when I was little and I'm homeless." He said just above a whisper.

"Oh you poor dear you can live here with us." Jeremy wanted to hide this boy from the world.

"You don't have to answer right now but we would love to have you live with us." Nicholas said gently.

   Ryan nodded his head and let out a big yawn. "Alright it's been a long day let's all go to bed." Jeremy said leading Ryan to the guest room. "Is there anything else you need?"

"Can you leave the door open and the hall light on? I have nyctophobia." He asked both men.

"Of course we'll leave the light on. We'll see you in the morning goodnight." Nicholas and Jeremy said together.

"Thank you goodnight." They all went to bed after separating.

Nyctophobia is a phobia characterized by a severe fear of the dark. It is triggered by the brain's disfigured perception of what would, or could, happen when in a dark environment.

Thanks for reading^^

Sorry it took so long to update guys but I've been sick. Hopefully now that I'm feeling a little better I can get more out to all of you wonderful people. Enjoy the story ^.^

Ryan woke up to the smell of breakfast so he got up feeling refreshed. Making his way to the kitchen he stopped and used the bathroom. "Good morning sleepy head. Why don't you sit at the table I'm almost done making the food." Nicolas said with a big smile on his face.

"Where is mister Jeremy? Is he gone to work? It's still raining hard I hope he's okay." Ryan felt devastating sadness built up inside of him when he thought of either man being hurt.

" whoa whoa buddy calm down. He's just in the shower he should be down soon. Did you wash your hands?" Nick set the table as he talked. "Yes I did before I came downstairs. Can I have milk with my food?"

"Sure I'll get it hun." Jeremy said before Nick could answer.

After the food and drinks we're at the table everyone sat down to eat. "After breakfast we have to talk about some rules if you want to stay." Jeremy said with a soft smile on his face. "I though about it and I want to stay. You guys are really nice." Ryan voiced timidly.

"That's great to hear sweety." Jeremy said with a smile.

Everyone finished eating and moved into the living room. "Okay it's alright if you change your mind after were done talking." Nicholas reassured Ryan.

"We would like for you to be our little boy." Jeremy said nervously.

"Wait what? I'm not little I'm 24." Ryan held back the urge to say he