almost giving him a heart attack, he gets a quick,ridiculous shot of excitement.

He's basically turning into a girl.

"Hey Cas."

Cas smiles. "Hello Dean." Turning, he says, "Hello Sam."

Sam doesn't smile but does say, "Castiel."

"Thank you for inviting me to join you for dinner."

"No problem. Just like old times right, Cas?" Sam says sounding sarcastic and without looking up from his menu.

Well hopefully Cas wouldn't get the sarcasm anyway.

"Dude, I don't know why you even bother. You know you're just gonna get rabbit food."

"Eh, maybe not."

Cas takes almost 20 minutes to decide because he keeps switching his choice. Finally he orders the Hawaiian Burger. Dean gets the Cowboy BBQ Burger. Sam orders a Cobb Salad.

They eat in silence for a while. After they've gone through a few beers and most of their dinner, Dean laughs, "For a guy that doesn't need to eat, you sure can put away your cow."

Grinning, Cas licks his thumb of the last of the ketchup and glances at him.

Dean wonders if he's purposely trying to remind him of when he licked his cum off that thumb.

Cas raises an eyebrow. Yeah, he probably knows what he's doing.

"So Cas, how's it been going with you and Dean?"

The angel's eyes widen and he quickly looks at Sam. "What do you mean?"

"Like how much longer you guys gonna be doing.. whatever it is you're doing?"

"I believe we are making progress.. to a certain degree."

Sam sneers, "Yeah, I've seen your progress all over Dean."

"Sammy." Dean says in warning. Cas just frowns.

"You doubt that I am trying to help your brother?"

"I don't know what you're doing but helping seems to be pretty far from it."

"Sam!" 

Sam sighs. "Anyone want a refill?" He walks off before giving either of them a chance to answer.

"Sorry about that," Dean mutters.

"Sam believes I would harm you?"

"Yeah I don't know. He just doesn't like to see me banged up."

Dean starts to feel uncomfortable. He knows he's getting closer and closer to needing to have a very awkward talk with Sam but it makes him nauseous to even think about. So he usually just tries not to think about it.

Sam doesn't return when he gets his new beer but stays up at the bar, sipping it.

"I don't like that he is bothered by my presence now.. but I understand it is necessary so that you feel safe."

Well now he feels like a selfish shit. 

"It's not that easy. I just can't come out and tell him.."

"About me." Cas looks away.

He hears the unspoken "us." Dammit. Dean can't say anything that'll make any difference right now. He searches for anything to fill the rapidly growing silence. 

"Hey.. um Sam asked me something the other day and I wanted to give you your space until you were ready.."

"Ask me." Cas says still facing the window.

"How'd you bust outta Purgatory?"

That had Cas turning back to him with an unexpectedly big smile.

"My Father."

"God? You found Him?!"

"He found me."

Dean shifts completely towards him. "What happened?"

"I was fighting off several Leviathan and would have most assuredly been devoured within minutes.."

That brings back the awful memory of Cas' fingers slipping out of his and he pushes it back down.

"Then that ever grey sky just..brightened. I would imagine it would be as if you were to stare into the sun without end. In a moment, the Leviathan had vanished."

"They got spooked and ran?"

"No, disappeared as if they had never been. I knew it was Him. I began to weep and beg forgiveness for my many errors on Earth and Heaven. Suddenly, it was as if the warm light was all around me. In me. I never heard him speak, but I knew he forgave me."

"And..?"

"And then I was walking down a road, filthy and lost."

"That's it? Nothing about, oh his angel's little homicidal mutiny and the Apoca-Hell? Or if he was ever going to pop in from Figi or wherever the hell he's been vacationing?"

"Dean, I'm not entirely sure my head would not have vaporized if he had chosen to speak to me as he was."

"Cas, that's bullshit. He saves you again and then just-"

"Dean, Stop. I'm at peace with it. And Him."

Dean bites his tongue and drinks half his beer in one swallow. He feels Cas' hand cover his, down on the seat between them. His fingers push