simply ... took it a little further."

Albus stares at her aghast. "Are you saying that a group of our Gryffindors murdered one of their classmates? Surely not Poppy. Those are children, and you know how it is, boys will be boys, and sometimes they play little rough."

"Albus!" Poppy exclaims in admonishment. "One of our students is dead. Sirius Black goaded his yearmate purposefully towards the Shrieking Shack on the night of a full moon and let poor Remus Lupin tear him apart.
That isn't just a little rough playing anymore. It is murder.
And if my suspicions are correct, it hasn't been play for a good long while.
Now I recommend you put on some clothes and ready yourself for when the Aurors come, because I doubt you can sweep this one under the rug."

Albus stood a moment, unmoving, to process the information the school matron had given him.
"You can't do that, Poppy. Think about the boy..."

But the woman cut him off, hissing." I AM thinking about the boy. I am thinking about Severus Snape right now, our student, whom WE should have protected, who should never have gotten even CLOSE to the Whomping Willow, Albus."

"Poppy, please, they are merely children, there is no need to ruin even more lives, think about young Mr Lupin."

"They will not always be children. They are fifteen and sixteen year old now, and they still haven't learned any better.
Actions have consequences, and if WE don't teach them that, who will?"

With that, she turns and leaves.

Professor Slughorn has the unpleasant task of searching for a missing student.

I noticed that in chapter 2 Poppy mentioned Severus Snape by name. In chapter 1 I wrote he was torn apart by Remus Lupin, and badly enough that Remus didn't immediately recognize him.That made me wonder: how did they know it was Snape?Here it is.

Horace Slughorn sighted deep and heavily.

He knew he wasn't the most attentive Professor at Hogwarts, especially towards students that he deemed ... less talented than others, but to have one of his students die?

He was an old man, with many mistakes and regrets, but never had he felt as old and weary as he did now.
And he did regret.
Did the student try to come to him with whatever problem he had? Had he dismissed them without listening? Would they still be alive if he had paid more attention?

The only thing recognizable was the green rims of the Hogwarts uniform, so now he had to find out which one of his students exactly had perished tonight.

There was nothing for it now.
He sent out a spell, a loud sound to wake the students and call them to the common room.

Slowly the students trickled into the room, sleepy and tired, and Horace waited until it seemed that all were present.
Best they heard the news from him.
Afterward he would count them though by year, starting with the youngest.

Merlin help him.

There is something rotten in Hogwarts.The students are beginning to figure this out.

Lily Evans woke with a feeling of ... wrongness. Something was off, and she felt it in the mark of her bones, so being the witch she is, she gave in to superstition and worried.

The first sign of wrongness was when she stepped into the common room and found classes cancelled.
Lily had always been an early riser, thus also being one of the first now to hear the news. Behind her she heard other students whispering, gossiping about the cause.
She paid them no mind.

The second sign of wrongness was when she left the Gryffindor tower and descended down the stairs.
Red Robed Wizard were standing in the entrance hall, faces grimm.
She hurried past, a hollow feeling in her gut, tasting like worry.

The third and last sign of wrongness was when she arrived in the Great Hall. The sky was dark, cloudy and foreboding.
Lily was searching for Severus Snape, her best friend.
He woke just as early as she, so she was expecting him already there.
But he was still missing from the Slytherin table.
Because the Slytherin table was completely empty, and not a one of them was to be seen.
Her gut was churning now, and Lily felt queasy.

Marauders POV

Sirius Black was smug.
Sirius Black was damn near ecstatic.

Why?

Yesterday evening he had hinted toward some big secret underneath the Whomping Willow in front of one Severus Snape.

He had hated the slimy git since they met on the Express, and despite the other boy being only a Halfblood, Severus Snape embodied just about everything he hated in a Pureblood.
He had been relieved when he learned that his new best friend, James Potter hadn't much cared for the other boy, either. Sirius didn't have an all too hard time to convince his new friends to make the Slytherin's life a bit harder. 
Everything  only so he stays away from James' precious "Lily-flower", of course.

But the slimy snake wasn'