are watching them now; they aren’t exactly in a private place. No, they’re standing in the middle of the street.

“Louis, what are you talking about? You know I always come back to you.” While these words are meant to sooth Louis, it does the complete opposite, and he’s throwing more punches. Harry is ready this time, retaliating with his own force, pushing and tossing his own punches.

At one point, Louis loses his footing and trips, sending both boys on the ground, Harry on top whaling on him. Louis arms are protecting his face from the force as much as possible, but he see’s red and knows he’s bleeding. He tries to move, tossing Harry off of him, and stands as quickly as his drunken mind will allow him. Before he can think, Louis kicks out; his foot making contact to Harry’s ribs, a groan from Harry satisfies Louis’ ears.

“Fuck you Harry,” he’s crying now, unsure why. “I- I can’t watch that again.”

Harry’s stirring, rolling over on his stomach, scrunching up on his forearms and knees. He lets out another groan of agony before looking up at Louis, his words sobering up his angry mind. “Lou…” he says softly, struggling to stand up again and walk toward Louis. But Louis isn’t having any of that and holds up a hand to him.

“Stay away from me Harry Styles.” He wipes the blood from his lip, and turns from Harry, walking away from the boy. He has no clue where he’s going, but walking down the middle of the street seemed to be the best possible answer at the moment. Louis’ mind is racing and he’s angry and hurt. As he walks past cars, he punches a side mirror; the crunch of glass is somehow comforting to the older boy.

After walking for what seemed like hours, Louis’s finds himself leaning against a brick wall trying to examine his hand. Even in his drunken state, he can see the blood and cuts, and he’s pretty sure there is glass in it, but he doesn’t much care anymore. Just as he’s about to continue walking, when a car pulls up and someone gets out, leaving the car running, and Louis is thinking ‘that’s dangerous’.

“Louis! Hey hey, Louis,”

“Leave me alone.” Harry is just fucking persistent.

“Louis,” says the person, sighing as he pulls him to his person, and Louis is about to throw a punch when he realizes the voice isn’t Harry, its Liam, and he could never hit Liam. “Come on, I’m here to take you home. We- I’m worried about you.”

Louis doesn’t miss the noun change, but complies because he just wants to curl up in his bed and forget about this whole night. Liam manages to get Louis in his car, buckled in, and on their way to his flat without much resistance from the older lad.

The last thing Louis remembers is the Liam ringing someone. “Yeah, Yeah, I got him. We’re on our way to yo- the flat.” And Louis is hoping that he’s talking about his flat, not the one he shares with that fucking wanker.

 

tumlbr: ziaminmypants

Louis woke up with a pounding headache the next morning. It was a hangover from hell, and he silently vowed that the night before was going to be the last time he ever drunk anything. He found that someone had bandaged his hand and his whole body ached. What did he do last night, trip and fall down a flight of stairs?

Then the memories flooded back and all he could think about was Harry. Harry did this to him. His stomach lurched and he ran to the bathroom to throw up whatever was left in his stomach. Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand once he was finished, he looked at himself in the mirror. He had a cut on his lip and above his eyebrow and someone had applied medicine to them when he had been passed out, probably Liam. He had a nasty black eye and ugly bruises scattering his whole body. If he looked like this, what did Harry look like?

Feeling like complete and utter shit, Louis turned to walk back to the bedroom, hoping to find a peaceful sleeping Harry snuggled up in the sheets of their bed. In the past, even after a knock-out fight, Harry had been the one to nurse him back to health. They would snuggle in bed the next day, whispering apologies and sweet nothings in one another’s ear and having makeup sex.

When he went to the bed, however, Harry wasn’t there, and when he searched the flat, he wasn’t anywhere to be found. That was when he went to grab his phone. Panic tore through him, hoping that he hadn’t taken the fighting too far and Harry was in some