be a children movie, what’s gonna happen? One of the character gets lost and everyone cries?”

They both believed they heard a “You fool” coming from some seats behind them but they didn’t bother turning around.

 

 

Akaashi somehow managed to stay awake during the whole movie. Bokuto would have teased him – at least a little, yeah – if he weren’t currently crying his eyes out. Nobody was certain if they were sad tears or happy tears, though.

“I CAN’T BELIEVE KUROO. HOW DARES HE. That was awesome yeah BUT HE COULD HAVE TOLD ME ABOUT THAT.”

“You don’t have to yell, Bokuto-san. I’m sure that was Kuroo-san’s purpose, by the way.”

“He’s the devil. Kuroo is a monster. I’m gonna tell Kenma before it’s too late for him too!”

“Knowing Kuroo-san, he already took him to see it and probably ended in the same state as you.” Akaashi shook his head, smiling softly. “That’s probably why he told you to see it.”

Bokuto whined again, still upset about some elements of the movie. They exited the cinema and Koutarou led them to the park again.

“Do you want to practice again?”

“No! Not this time, haha! I think you may like it, though!”

They walked to a bench that was quite isolated. The wing spiker sat down and patted the place next to him. Keiji joined him on the bench and Koutarou wrapped his arm around his shoulders. He made him leaned on his own and took out his headphones.

“We have plenty of time before the next thing, so I thought you’d like to nap!” Bokuto explained. “Since you look like you haven’t slept in ages, that will make you feel better!”

Akaashi smiled softly and made himself comfortable against Bokuto’s side. The whole position wasn’t the most comfortable ever but it was nice. Each of them with an earbud in their ear, they listened to Bokuto’s music which was a mix of his and Akaashi’s favourite songs.

It didn’t take long before Koutarou felt Keiji’s breathing even. He smiled and stroke Keiji’s arm slowly, making sure not to wake him up. That was a nice feeling, to have the person he loved the most trusting him enough to sleep against him. He had always loved hugging Akaashi. His warmth was never too much, even in the heat of summer. Akaashi always hugged him back, no matter what other people thought. He loved kissing him, too. Akaashi’s lips were always soft, contrary to his own which were chapped most of the time. Akaashi didn’t mind. Akaashi never minded anything about him. He accepted almost everything coming from Bokuto. There were limits, but even Bokuto knew them and tried to never cross them. That way Akaashi wouldn’t have to get mad at him nor fix his mistakes.

When he thought about it, Keiji was probably the best person he could have ever fallen in love with. They completed each other. That was what he thought. If the “soul mates” thing was true, then they had to be soul mates. He couldn’t see himself with anyone else and was sure it was the same for Akaashi.

The songs passed one after the other. Some were relaxing, others were lively and the lasts were in-between. But each song had a part of them. Koutarou recognized the song playing at that moment. It was the first one Keiji had made him listen to. A quiet but beautiful music. Keiji had said it was his favourite, because it always helped him when he was feeling down. After listening to it for the first time, Bokuto had had to admit that the relaxing effect was indeed present and worked. There were no lyrics and thus nothing to disturb them from focusing on the instruments.

Akaashi woke up two hours after, by the melody of Bokuto’s favourite song. He rubbed his eyes slowly, trying to get his whole body out of sleep. Koutarou grinned at him and gently ruffled his hair.

“We still have time before the next thing I’ve prepared, is there anything you wanna do?”

“I can’t think of anything, right now.” Keiji admitted. “Didn’t you say last time that you needed new kneepads or something?”

“Ah! You’re right! I forgot about that. Let’s go then!”

They went to the store where they both usually bought their equipment. Bokuto practically flew to the volleyball section of the store, knowing the path by heart. Akaashi followed him at his own pace, smiling at his boyfriend’s enthusiasm. The taller boy searched for his kneepads and found them quite quickly. Akaashi was looking at the “regular sized” ones. An idea popped into Koutarou’s mind. He took another look at the long kneepads and grinned.

“Hey hey hey, Akaashi! Why won’t you try