it? Your father being who he was does not exempt you from consequence, and if you still wish to ever take his place as Hand of this country then you must never utter that name again. Am I understood?” His eyes stay firmly on Izuku.

The boy replies weakly, “You are understood, Sir.”

“Good, very good. Now you go straight home. I will be ringing your mother shortly.”

Izuku’s whole body freezes and unfreezes at once. He nearly drops his books. 

“What? But my mom—” His professor’s face folds in irritation. “—I—never mind. Goodbye, Professor.” Izuku regains his grip on the books against his chest and makes to leave as quickly as he can.

The door swings shut behind him and he stops for a moment to lean back against it, feeling like his heart is going to beat itself out of his chest. He bites his lip hard until it bleeds. Why? Why did he say that?

.

Of course, before he can even properly hand his books and coat over to the butler when he makes it home, his mother is standing in the entrance of the foyer with furious green eyes and an impatient tap in her foot. He knows he’s in deep when she’s got her hands on her hips in that classic “you’ve got shit coming for you” stance. Oh boy. . .

“I-zu-ku.” She grates each syllable between her teeth, and it begins. 

“I just spoke with your professor, and I am not pleased at all with what he had to say. Not only have you been daydreaming during your lessons again, but you spoke a vile criminal’s name out loud in front of your classmates! I—I don’t even know where to begin, Izuku, really I don’t! You do realize your Ascendance is in three weeks, don’t you?” 

She’s in his face now, nearly panting between her words, and as angry as she seems, there’s something else hiding in her eyes, her voice; she’s afraid. At first he was ready to apologize, ready to submit, but his body coils defensively on its own. He’s angry too, and afraid. 

“You have nothing to say for yourself?” She asks, staring at him expectantly. 

He stares back and asks quietly, with an eerie calm, “Why don’t we talk about him?”

Her eyes widen in disbelief and she steps back instinctively, like the question is some kind of attack. For some reason it makes his stomach grow hot. His fists clench and the tingling begins in his fingers and toes, just like before.

He’s says louder this time, “Why don’t we talk about him?”

“Izu—”

“About him, about everything, why do we pretend it doesn’t exist? That all those people don’t exist?!” He realizes he’s shouting. He never shouts.

His mother looks more scandalized than the students did in his classroom. She shifts her gaze to the ground as though there she can find an answer, then clenches her eyes shut and breathes in deeply when no answer comes. She lifts her hands to each of her son’s shoulders and raises her sad eyes to his after she’s had a moment to gather whatever it is she’s about to say. 

“That man. . . was a monster who tried to destroy what your father had built, who put innocent lives in danger, and who. . .” She trails off, eyes becoming more distant.

“What did he do, Mom?”

She regains attention and pulls her hands away from her son’s shoulders.

“Nothing, just go upstairs for now. I need to rest.” 

Izuku opens his mouth to protest but closes it again when he sees how hollow his mother now looks, when just a moment ago she was as angry as he was. She kisses him on the head absently before leaving the foyer into the tea parlor where she normally likes to rest on the cushioned settees for hours a day. Something she started doing after his father passed. Whenever she says she needs to “rest” he doesn’t have the heart to disturb her, so he resigns to locking himself in his room for the remainder of the day. 

He hears whispers as he trudges up the grand staircase and to his room in the west wing, surely the house staff had heard everything. He and his mother never fought, not until this year, until he had to face the coming of his Ascendance. He’ll turn eighteen and become the next Hand: leader of the country of Unity, just like his father. The Ascendance will be a ceremony in which he will give a great speech to the people and they will celebrate for days with festivals and high hopes for continued peace under the Hand born of the first. He will be a leader to surpass even his father, the rumors say. Izuku would have said the same once, before he became old enough to