Cannons were never going to win, not even if they Stupefied the entire World Cup Stadium. In the middle of Neal’s tirade against the Tornadoes’ new Keeper, another first year boy (who Belle recognized as “Hatter, Jefferson!”) joined in, arguing that the Tornadoes had been showing promise for years. They continued bickering until the plates had been cleared and the prefects were ordered to guide the first years to the dormitories. 

“Is it true we’ve got to answer to a riddle to get into the Ravenclaw rooms?” Jefferson asked as they followed the prefects out. 

“I think so,” Belle said. “Cleverest House, and all…s’pose it only makes sense.”

“What if you can’t get it?” he said, a little nervously. “Do you just… sit there and wait? Until someone else gets it?”

“That’s why I’m friends with her,” Neal said brightly, jutting his thumb at Belle. “She’ll get it.”

Belle flushed at his praise, and even more at the fact that he said they were friends. Oh, yes. Ravenclaw House was going to work out quite nicely for her.

“I’m Madam Hooch,” the spiky-haired, severe-looking woman said, placing her hands behind her back. “Welcome to your first flying lesson.”

Belle looked down at the broom apprehensively. Madam Hooch really expected her to fly on this little twig?

“I want you all to extend your right hand over the broom, and say ‘Up!’” She demonstrated, the broom flying instantly into her hand. “Don’t worry if you can’t get it right away. It takes practice, and that’s what we’re here for. Go on, now.”

“Up!” To Belle’s dismay, Jones’s broom flew into his hands on the first try. 

“Probably practiced all summer for that,” Neal muttered in her ear as Jones leaned against his broomstick, watching her with his usual infuriating smirk. “Up!”

“Up!” Belle commanded. “Up!” The broom rolled around a little, but stayed firmly on the ground. “Up! This is impossible.” 

“Up!” Emma’s voice rang out. “Up! David, did you see? Did you see?”

“Up!” David frowned down at his broom, concentrating deeply. “Up!”

“Up!” Neal caught his broom triumphantly. “Whoa, did you see that? Nearly got me in the eye!”

There were plenty of minor injuries: brooms smacking into heads, some levitating to whack their owners in the shins. It wasn’t until a Hufflepuff girl’s broom flew forcefully enough to make a sickening crack! against her wrist that Madam Hooch declared a visit to the hospital wing necessary. 

“Now, all of you stay here,” she ordered, helping Blanchard to her feet. “No one is to even think about flying while I take Miss Blanchard to the hospital wing.”

Jones waited until Madam Hooch had disappeared inside the castle; then, he swung his leg over the broom and pushed off from the ground, shooting straight up.

“Idiot,” Neal scoffed, watching him zoom through the air. “Hope he gets expelled.”

“Madam Hooch said not to fly!” Emma yelled after him. “What do you think you’re doing?”

Jones skidded to halt, dropping to the ground effortlessly. Tucking his broom over his shoulder, he sauntered over to Emma, ignoring David protectively stepping forward.

“Do you always do what teachers tell you?” he challenged. “I thought Gryffindors were supposed to be brave. Seems to me like you’d be better off as a Hufflepuff.”

“That’s enough, Jones,” said a quiet voice. 

Belle looked over, her eyes landing on a thin, intelligent-looking boy with dark hair, the tips just brushing his shoulders. A blue-and-bronze crest adorned his robes, revealing him to be another Ravenclaw. 

“Sorry, what’s that, Gold?” Jones didn't seem very intimidated by the boy. “Can’t quite understand you, the accent’s a bit thick.”

“I said, that’s enough,” Gold repeated, stepping forward. Belle frowned slightly, noting how he seemed to favor his right leg. “Let’s not bring Houses into this.”

“I was being polite,” Jones said, turning back to smirk at a glaring Emma.“I could have brought Mudbloods into this.”

Emma’s brow twitched as everyone gasped: she didn’t know what “Mudbloods” were, but she could tell it was offensive. Neal folded his hands in fists, breathing hard as he pushed past Gold to glower at the Slytherin boy.

“Take it back,” he growled. “And don’t ever let me catch you calling her that again.”

Jones raised his eyebrows.“What do you care?” he scoffed. “Perfect little pureblood like you, what do you care about some pathetic Mudblood—?”

“Take it back!” Neal said angrily, roughly