he said, eyes focused on where his fingers were clenched in the hospital drape in his lap, uncomfortably aware of how the words sounded. "Like someone had dipped him in chocolate or something." And there was a mental image he really didn't need right now: himself licking trails of rich, bittersweet chocolate off McKay's warm skin. He clenched his jaw and looked up to meet Elizabeth's gaze. "I, um, I had to lick him. His neck."

Elizabeth looked more serious than ever, a frown creasing her forehead. "And you couldn't control these desires?" she asked.

His face heated uncontrollably and his first reaction was to deny it—he hated people who used "I couldn't help myself" as an excuse for their behavior—but Elizabeth looked like she was really trying to understand. She and Beckett seemed to believe this was a serious medical situation, not just sudden insanity on his part. He closed his eyes and thought hard for a minute about how he'd felt when he was close to McKay, smelling whatever it was that lurked just beneath the surface of McKay's skin, and then he tried to put the feeling into words.

"It was more like it didn't occur to me that I should control them. Like there was nothing wrong with what I was doing."

Beckett cleared his throat. "And this feeling abated when?" he asked.

"It eased up some after I...," he stumbled over the words for a second, "...after I came. Climaxed." And it was like being back in elementary school, in that first, horribly awkward sex-ed class, trying to look and sound grown up while feeling so embarrassed that he wished the floor would just open up and swallow him. "And then it faded completely once I was about six feet away from him."

Beckett looked even more uncomfortable, and John knew he wasn't going to like the doctor's next question. "Can you describe your physiological response?"

Right. That was about the last thing he wanted to do. Still, he closed his eyes again, called up the memory as clearly as he could and tried to distance himself from the overwhelming tactile quality of it, glad for the numbing effect of the sedative.

"First thing I noticed was the smell," he said, his voice sounding tight and strained even to himself. "It was almost a food smell and it made my stomach hurt, made me hungry. As I got closer to him, the smell got stronger and my heart rate increased. By the time I touched him, I was turned on."

It was difficult describing everything that had happened, but he forced himself to tell them every detail. You never knew what might be important.

Elizabeth opened her mouth as though to say something, then stopped. Finally, she said, "Earlier, I told Kavanagh that for as long as we're cut off from Earth, Atlantis is effectively a colony and I'm the Governor. Do you accept that, John? That we're not governed by the rules and regulations of the United States military—or even by the laws of the United States?"

He wasn't sure what she was getting at, but even when he disagreed with her he still trusted Elizabeth implicitly, so he nodded.

She returned the gesture. "Have you been attracted to men before now?"

He barely managed to turn the laugh into a cough. He knew it was just a knee-jerk response to the stress because really, nothing about the situation was the least bit funny. Leave it to Elizabeth to worry about "don't ask, don't tell" on his behalf, though.

"Occasionally," he admitted, "but I haven't...acted on those attractions since college."

Now Beckett looked thoughtful, which made John nervous. "Major, would you mind trying an experiment?"



~ * ~ * ~

They had gathered up a dozen or so assorted scientists and military personnel who weren't occupied with critical tasks and lined them up on the far wall of the infirmary. Each person stepped forward in turn, starting with Elizabeth and Beckett themselves, and John was expected to smell them.

He felt like an idiot.

Especially after he'd sniffed his way through the line-up and hadn't reacted to any of them the way he had to McKay. The doors closed behind Ford, and John was left alone with Beckett and Elizabeth again. He dropped his face into his hands and sighed.

"We could bring Rodney in—" Elizabeth started and John looked up sharply.

"No." He'd put McKay through enough.

Elizabeth put a hand on his arm. "I know you feel guilty, John, but when I spoke to Rodney he seemed fine. He agreed to meet with Dr. Heightmeyer in order to put any remaining concerns I might have to rest, but I really didn't get the sense that he's been traumatized in the way you think he has."

John shook his head. She had no idea what