.

He stepped closed to the wall again, knowing damn well he shouldn't be listening.

"Uh...nngh....Connor- fuck"

Connor slowly pushed his head through the wall, blurring his image, almost invisible.

Fuck.

The knot in his non-existent stomach was so tight, he could have vomited. He quickly pulled back into the wall, appearing back in his attic as fast as he could, the image of Evan on his bed, pants around his thighs, cock in his hand, burning in his mind.

 

He knew he shouldn't be doing it, really. It was wrong, on so many levels.

For one, he was dead. Secondly, Evan was alive. Alive, and sixteen. Connor was dead, and nineteen. This was wrong.

Wrong, wrong, wrong.

However, as wrong as he knew it was, he still found himself peeking on Evan, every time he heard those noises, those erratic gasps for breath. He couldn't help it. He was mesmerized. He wasn't sure what it was. Sure, Evan was attractive-

Fuck, he was more than attractive, but Connor tried hard not to think about that.

He was his only friend, the only person that could even see him. His only connection with life. This was so wrong.

 

It was on Evan's seventeenth birthday that Connor got caught out. There had been some kind of party, a few family friends that Connor had never heard of, family members from out of town.

Connor had stayed in the attic, not wanting to intrude, in somewhat of a huff. He'd wandered down just after midnight, when everyone was gone, and paused inside the wall, hearing Evan's panting breaths.

"Connor..." Evan whispered. Connor bit his lip, the name sounding so familiar in that tone.

"I know you're there..." Connor felt a panic rise in him.

"Connor...please..." Connor didn't know what to do. He stayed still, hidden in the wall, behind the large Nine Inch Nails poster he'd convinced Evan to order online.

"Connor...I know you can hear me...please...I just...fuck..." It was almost too much. Connor slowly slid out from the wall, his non-existent heart beating wildly in his chest as his eyes fell on Evan's form, lying flat back on the bed, pajama pants pushed around his thighs, hand moving slowly, up and down his cock.

"Evan, I-"

"C'mere." Evan panted.

Connor gulped, completely unsure of what to do. He slowly stepped over to the bed, not quite sure where his eyes should go.

"I just...I need..." Evan had one hand out, trying to grab him, sliding right through.

"Evan...I can't...I should-"

"No... please... Con-"

Connor bit his lip, eyes on Evan's, baring into him.

Before he knew what he was doing, he was climbing on top of Evan, through him. He sat in a straddling position, Evan's moving hand moving up and through Connor's crotch.

"Fuck..." Evan moaned, his hips jutting slightly. "You're so cold..." Connor reached a hand out, sliding it down the side of Evan's face slowly, noticing the way he shuddered, goosebumps on his arms.

"I wish I could feel you," Evan panted, his hand now pumping faster and faster. "I know you watch me...I've seen you...I wish...I want to...fuck...I need to touch you..." Connor bit his lip, wishing for nothing more than what Evan was asking.

When Evan came, Connor didn't feel anything. He rolled off and into the empty space next to the panting teenager. He stared at the ceiling, eyes wide, unsure what to say. As it turned out, Evan spoke first.

"M'sorry," he whispered, pulling his pants up and wiping his hand on his sheets. "I didn't..."

Connor shook his head. "No...it's...I shouldn't have..."

"If you were alive, would you like me?" Evan asked, eyes closed.

"What?"

"If you were alive...would you want me? Like this?"

Connor turned his head, watching him. Evan's cheeks were red compared to the paleness of his skin. His dirty-blond hair was knotted in such a crazy way it made Connor smile.

"Yeah...uh, I would."

Evan nodded, eyes still closed. He settled his hand through Connor's, ignoring the cold, and gripped the bed sheets.

 

"Do you have to go?" Connor asked from his position on the toilet seat.

"JESUS CHRIST CONNOR!" Evan yelled, almost tripping over the edge of the bathtub, twisting as he slid, towel wrapped around him. "You almost gave me a heart attack!"

Connor sighed, and repeated his question.