doll, beautiful well-formed hands pulling him this way and that, pushing down on the small of his back, the vulnerable gap between his shoulder blades. It makes Dean so hard his dick leaks, and he feels an ache in his teeth from clenching his jaw, biting down on embarrassing noises that try to escape his lips.

 "Cas," he whines, and gets a hard slap across the meaty flesh of his ass for his trouble. Dean groans, hips thrusting into thin air, and Cas follows up by stroking the dimple of his left cheek with his thumb. Dean whines again, and Cas slaps him again, harder. "Cas, Cas please—"

 "So greedy," his angel murmurs, sinking down to kiss and lick the dimple of his right cheek before skimming his lips up over the thin skin of his hip bones.

 "Be patient and be a good boy for me, Dean. I know you can be." Cas drags his teeth over the curve of his hip and slaps him just to the left of the prior blow. Dean's hips stutter and he pants, wanting, needing to please his lover.

 "Such a good boy, Dean. Yes, you're being so good for me." Cas slaps him on the right side, and now his ass is on fire, blood having risen all across the surface.

 "So beautiful. You're so beautiful, Dean." Cas reaches between his spread legs and presses his thumb to his entrance. His tongue licks a hot stripe down Dean's tailbone.

 Dean gasps. "Cas, Christ, I'm, I'm gonna' die if you don't—"

 Cas slaps him hard on his left ass-cheek, and he hisses, feeling the bruise forming. Cas reaches around, puts his thumb into Dean's mouth;  he hooks it in, under the tongue, and gives his head a little shake. Dean whimpers in arousal.  Cas presses a kiss to the base of his skull before settling back onto his knees and ordering: "Suck."He moves his thumb up over the top of Dean's tongue, and the hunter complies; greedily licking, sucking, swirling his tongue around in mimicry of how he'd just been worshiping his lover's penis.

 "Good boy, Dean, very good." Cas smooths a hand over the inflamed, reddened skin on Dean's ass, causing him to arch his back and groan. "Mm. Get sloppy, get it nice and wet for me."

 Dean obeys, nodding his head forward so Cas's thumb prods at his gag reflex, causing thicker and slimier spit to come up. Tears in his eyes, he taps on Cas's wrist to get his attention as a thin stream of drool trickles out of the corner of Dean's mouth.

 "Good, very good. Excellent." Cas withdraws his thumb, and drops a kiss in-between his shoulder blades as he presses his finger to Dean's entrance. The hunter whimpers and spread his legs wider, earning him another slap to the right. Dean rocks forward with the blow and curses himself.

 "Oh, Dean... and you were doing so well. Now I'm going to have to draw this out even longer." Cas presses in his thumb, then re-arranges himself until he's underneath his lover; his dick is sticking up, at an angle from his abdomen and nearly in Dean's face. Dean drools down onto it, feverish with lust, wanting oh so bad to have Cas in his mouth again.

 "Be still," Cas orders. So instead, Dean clenches his fists into the sheets as his angel licks around where his thumb is sunk into his asshole.

 "Cas, Cas, please, please, I'll be good, just God, please fuck me."

 Cas tsks, hits him on the right again, layering the blow to encourage bruising. "You'll be good, what?"

 "I'll be good, Sir."

 Cas chuckles. "It would not do well to encourage such disobedience." He removes his thumb. "Shut up and take it," he growls, then shoves his tongue straight into Dean's too empty opening. Dean jolts like he's been struck with a live wire, like that time back in his first year with Sammy and his heart had stopped, that would've killed him for the first time. He whines as he struggles to stay silent and bitterly misses the lost gag. Cas fucks him relentlessly with his tongue, and Dean fights with every fibre of his being not to fuck back, not to bend the scant inches it would take to get Cas's beautiful thick cock—rosy and heavy where it curves on top of its small nest of curls— back into his mouth. Dean is falling apart, is zoning out, and then Cas is sliding a finger in alongside his tongue, jabbing his prostate and Dean gasps, jaw falling open as he arches in pleasure.

 The blow comes from the left—a huge harsh slap that rocks his body