of two times of the day the troll and human sleeping habits overlapped. Of course, the humans were probably still up, but in a few hours they'd be asleep.

Getting up, she rubbed her eyes with the sleeve of her jacket. Breakfast was the leftovers of a bird she had caught last morning and a jar of water. It wasn't as good as Equius' lusus' milk use to be, but it worked.

Speaking of Equius, she planned to go watch him work again today. He had taken up the blacksmiths trade, and was working on making housing parts and some smaller parts to fix electronics. Other smaller projects included weapons for hunting. He had built himself a bow strong enough that the metal wouldn't snap, but he was having a hard time looking for a good fiber to string it with.

Bounding out of the cave-like hive, she bounded across the field to Equius' hive. It was a rather plain hive, covered in metal that didn't rust easy. A few chimneys came out of the top, and one was already spitting smoke. His house was absolutely "purrfect" for cold nights!

Inside, she found Equius in front of a hot bed of coals. He was banging away with one of John's hammers he had borrowed. Nepeta tip toed around to his side, then made a running jump for a tackle-pounce.

"EQUIUS" she yelled over the flames. before she could tackle into his thick arm, he ducked just out of her reach. Realizing she was about to over shoot, she extended her paws-er, hands for landing. Skidding a bit, she turned back to him with a pouting face.

"Equius! You meany!" she whined.

"And I shall remain such until this project is finished," he said sternly, barely looking up.

"Awwwe!" Nepeta sighed, and slowly walked over and peaked over her friend's shoulder. The forge was hot, and it stung her eyes, but she made out a hammer-ish shape. Equius sighed.

"If you could not tell, I am busy working so I may return this hammer to the human," he told her, less fiercely.

"Oh!" she replied in a drawn out manner. As the fire started to burn her face, she retracted away to stalk some of the little mice-like creatures that liked to find ways into her friends hive. They were so delicious! Especially when she roasted them lightly on the fire.

Actually, most everyone that had a normal-ish hive had problems with micey things. She acted as pest control for the humans, Karkitty (she loved John's nickname for him!), Gamzee (though she tried not to visit him too often. He's so scary!), Kanaya, Aradia, Vriska, Tavros, Sollux, and every so often Eridan when he had bird problems.

Life here had gotten to be sooooo cool! Nepeta was one of the few, as she thought, had entirely adapted. A few others seemed to have settled. John, for example, and Eridan both seemed pretty happy with their hives and weren't actively renovating them.

Not long later, the hive grew a little cooler. She knew what that ment. Bounding back to the work room, she jumped into the air. "EQUIUS YOU'RE DONE!" She announce happily, tackling him into the ground. Almost immediately she got off, grabbing the nearest and dryest towel she saw. "Ewwwww! You're all sweaty again!"

"You do that most every night with the same result," he sighed, pushing himself into a sitting position

"Oh yeah, huh?" she giggled. "You're done early though. Taking a break?"

"Actually, I, uh, wanted to talk to you," he said. Nepeta perked up her head. "It's about us."

"Who's us?" she purred at him, playfully batting at a stray towel.

"Just you and me," Equius said a bit awkwardly. "The two of us."

"You want to roleplay!" she exclaimed happily, suddenly giving him her full attention. His almost dry body began to sweat again.

"No! That is not what I refer to. I mean us as ourselves."

"Oh. So what's wrong?" she immediately lost focus again.

"Nothing is wrong, per say," he stammered, but, seeing as the awkwardness was all one sided, he gathered his mental strength. "It's about our quadrant." Nepeta froze all together. She gathered herself into a position of sitting on her knees, her hands clenched on her legs.

"Oh, uh, okay," she mewed slowly. Her tail figitted back and forth.

"I know our current position is morails. I was wondering if we could move to a... deeper corner." Equius tried to maintain his strong voice, but things had quickly gone down hill.

"Like... a redder corner, instead of a pink one?" her tail swiped back and forth nervously.

"Exactly. What