about all that troubles him and he can breathe clearly again.

 

truthfully, yixing is afraid to commit. afraid of the same heartache caused by junmyeon’s absence will return to him, only this time twofold. though he wanted nothing more than to confess, he kept jongdae at arms length in fear of the hurt he knows all too well.

 

maybe that’s why when jongdae left it wasn’t a slow burn of constant, never-ending pain, but rather a hollow feeling in place of joy.

 

+

 


“it’s not me you want, that much is obvious. i can’t go through this constant cycle of hurt with you yixing.” jongdae looked so pretty in this light, light reflecting on the contours of his face and his lovely mouth was captivating as it usually was, even if it was drawn into a tight line. yixing could already feel the effects of this heartache settling in his gut. “you’re not even listening to me.” jongdae turns away from him, anger radiating off him in waves that could be felt across the city.


 

“i - i understand it’s hard, but i want to be committed to you - want you to be committed to me. i don’t think you’re ready to commit to anyone when he is on your mind as often as he is,” yixing tried not to let his words sting too much, they were true, this is all yixing’s fault, “so i’m going to give you an ultimatum.

 


me - or the torturous memory of him?”  
yixing remained silent for far too long and jongdae took this as an obvious answer. with a scoff, he gathered his clothes and left yixing alone in the apartment full of the intruding memory of yixing and the man he once loved.


 

+

losing jongdae was like losing the ability to breathe. all that ease he slowly regained after junmyeon collapsed in on itself, and in the chaos of it all yixing remained motionless. it was regret, the feeling that filled yixing to the brim and teemed out of his very pores. regret for the loss of yet another person special to him. regret for not running after jongdae that day and attempting to salvage any bits of the relationship they once had. regret for not choosing the right things to say.

 

the pain and guilt were a life threatening wound barely beginning to heal, this loss would be reopening the wound to find that it never really healed rather than that, it somehow deepened. it took three years for him to start forgiving himself for killing junmyeon, he wonders how long it’ll be this time.

 

maybe it should all stop, maybe then it would be easier for him.

 

the room shrunk all around him, and maybe yixing’s entire world just shrunk too.

this is more heavy than the rest so please be careful if you're uncomfortable!!this doesn't have a set amount of chapters either so i'm not sure how long i'll be writing, it's a nice break from all i'm doing so when it will end when it feels right. i know unfinished works are stressful ;; especially when the author doesn't know when or how it'll end i haven't even written an outline for this truthfully, it's just really me going by what feels right.


iii: fall


three months.

he could feel the wound of his beginning to stitch back up and wondered how long it would be before they were ripped open once more, leaving him gasping as he bled out of a wound that never quite healed.

there were so many unspoken words between him and jongdae, he knew he should have gone to talk to him, to try and rectify the situation but it was no use. what use was it for him when jongdae would leave once again? if he even took him back at all. his love was a disease, spreading viciously only as he became more and more attached to those in his life. his love was fatal and frankly, he wondered if he deserved the love he received anyway.

so many unanswered messages on his phone and letters lay on his kitchen counter. letters were left unopened for fear of reaching out to those he does not deserve. this isolation was good for everyone, he could not burden those who matter most to him with such an inconsequential, selfish person and he won’t be tempted to further hurt those around him.

the world seemed to be moving all around him so quickly while he remained as stagnant as ever. the calming, peaceful scent of roses seemed to finally recede as a cruel, almost maleficent sort of aura settled over his city, the sort of aura that always came with the cooler weather.

it was time to write another book.

+

yixing was always a writer, with a natural inclination towards fiction he found words were easily spilled on paper rather than spoken aloud. at first, his writing held an optimistic theme with love and happiness as the message. he was consistent and gifted in this sense, but as he grew older and began to understand the cruelty of life his message became skewed,