stuffed animals, giggling as Harry played along and tickled his sides.

After an hour or two, Niall found that he really needed to use the bathroom. Since he’d thought to put a nappy on before he left, it would have been easy to just let go, but now he was sitting on Harry’s lap, and in a compromising situation because, what if Harry didn’t want to change him? Niall just tensed up and gradually stopped playing.

“What’s wrong, babe? Are you bored of this?” Harry asked, noticing how rigid Niall had gone.

“No,” Niall squeaked.

“What’s wrong?” Harry asked, hugging Niall around the waist tightly and kissing his cheek. Niall whined when he pressed on his bladder, and it was all over. He started wetting himself right there on Harry’s lap. His face flushed bright red, and Niall swore he’d never been more humiliated in his life. “Oh,” Harry said softly, feeling the warmth in his lap.

“Sorry, I can take care of it,” Niall said, standing up to go change himself, but Harry pulled him back down into his lap.

“What are you sorry for? I knew this was part of it. That’s why there’s that changing table in your room, yeah? There’s nothing to be embarrassed about,” Harry soothed him, standing up with Niall now wrapped around him.

“Okay,” Niall said hesitantly. He continued to hide his face in Harry’s neck the whole way to the new nursery. When they got there, Harry gently laid Niall down on the table and got busy locating everything he would need.

The thing was, everything about Harry was gentle. From the way he removed the wet nappy, to the way he wiped ever so gently around Niall’s unmentionables, to the way that he slid another soft nappy underneath his before powdering him and taping it down across his hips. Niall was embarrassed of course, but Harry made him feel so taken care of, and it felt so right that he couldn’t bring himself to be so embarrassed that he couldn’t take it all in.

“Niall?” Harry said, looking down at him in just his tshirt and nappy. Once Niall looked at him, he continued. “Do you want to get dressed in something more comfortable?”

Niall nodded, curious as to what Harry had in mind. Harry smiled again and went to the dresser to pull out a few things. He came back with a baby onesie, a one piece pajamas, and some sweat pants. He held them all up for Niall before asking him which ones he preferred. Niall blushed again, looking at his choices. He really wanted to wear the comfy one piece because he loved the one that he had at home, but he felt embarrassed. He pointed to the sweats, and Harry asked, “Are you sure?”

“No,” Niall mumbled.

“What do you really want, baby? You can have whatever. I’m offering, remember?” Harry said softly.

“One piece,” Niall said just as softly.

“Long or short?” Harry asked, glad that Niall had actually said what he wanted.

“Long, please,” Niall said, laying back and sighing in relief as Harry nodded and went to put away the other clothes. It was hard to make a choice like that on the spot, and Niall had always been quite indecisive.

Harry came back a few moments later and helped Niall out of his shirt before getting him down and zipping him into the one piece. Niall looked so adorable in the outfit. It was just big enough to be a little too big and still be comfortable. Niall looked happy, and that’s all Harry wanted.

It only took a few days after the first time Niall had been little over at Harry’s house before he started to miss Harry, like, a lot. They had of course texted and talked on the phone once or twice, but since they were both busy with final exams and everything, they couldn’t get together for very long. It was now Friday, and Niall was waiting for Louis to pick him up to go for their usual Friday night outing with Liam and Zayn. Louis texted Niall to let him know that he was sitting in front of his building, and Niall quickly grabbed his coat and keys before going downstairs to meet Louis. “So, how’s Harry?” Louis asked as soon as Niall got in the car. “I’m fine, thanks. How are you, Lou?” Niall said sarcastically. Louis sighed. “I know you’re fine, Niall. You’ve never been as happy as you are now, and you know it,” Louis pointed out. Niall rolled his eyes, but responded to his initial question anyway. “Harry’s good. We’re good, I mean. I had my English and Math exam this week, and Harry had a few as well, so we haven’t seen each other since the last