the restricted ties. 

Dean felt almost drunk from the vibrations, but was aware enough to know that tying him up like this could be dangerous.

Cas was now massaging some of the frankincense oil in long strokes up and down his shaft and Dean was getting lost in the power of the sensations. “Normally, yes Dean, trussing up someone’s genitalia is not a wise idea. But I’ve had some experience at this. You will not be permanently damaged.”

Don’t fuckin’ care as long as you keep doin’ that. 

Cas kept stroking, circling his hand tightly around the shaft, twisting slightly on the upstroke, sliding up over the glans and back down. Quickening his pace, he tightened his grip.


Oh, Cas, that’s it. Faster. I’m almost


Suddenly Cas stopped and Dean’s eyes flew open. “There is much work to be done first, Dean” He hissed and flexed against the chains holding his wrists in frustration.

“Spread your legs as far apart as you can.” Dean widened his legs and noted how his junk didn’t fall between them. They were trussed up tighter than a Thanksgiving turkey and he realized that his erection wasn’t going to subside because it couldn’t. Hard, thick and erect, the balls tethered to his rock-hard dick were pulled close and tight. The blue-ball ache was setting in fast and he knew how exposed he was. Even a slight brush against the now deep-red orbs was going to hurt like hell.

Cas kneeled between Dean’s legs and began running the tips of his fingers up the insides of Dean’s thighs, his fingertips slick from the oil. Dean looked down to see that Cas had shed his own pants and shirt, wearing only a pair of grey boxer-briefs. It thrilled him to see that Cas was hard, straining against cotton.

“What’s your motto Dean? Saving people. Hunting Things. The Family Business.” Cas slid his hands up and tapped the clamps again. Dean’s body thrummed and he lifted his hips up off the bed in autonomic response.

“Something like that, yeah.” Dean’s voice thick arousal. 

“Silence!” Cas flicked a finger hard at Dean’s scrotum and he let out a yelp. 


Fuck you!


“What about saving things, Dean?” Cas went back to the achingly light strokes up his thighs, over his abdomen and down his arms as if nothing had happened. When he drew his hands back downward, he would tap the clamps and the vibrations would once again envelop Dean. He looked at his cock, which glistened from oil and pre-come. If he had any hope of release, he needed to start paying attention to what Cas was saying. He looked at his angel, focused on the bulge in Cas’ shorts, and noted the small wet spot that had formed.

Cas reached down into the underwear and pulled out his cock and began stroking, hitching the waistband with his thumb. “You like this.” It wasn’t a question. 


Hell yes.


“But I’m not a person, Dean.” Cas kept stroking slowly and Dean now missed having Cas’ warm hands all over him. In response, Cas touched one of the clamps again and then went back to masturbating. Dean watched, but the vibrations didn’t satisfy like they had before.  He wanted Cas’ touch. 


You’re human enough


“So I deserve saving, is that it?  What about Benny?”

Dean laid his head back and closed his eyes. Why the fuck did Cas have to bring up Benny?

Cas leaned forward and licked a strip up Dean’s cock and then let his lips hover the tip. “Because you let him do this. To you. In purgatory.” And then Cas’ mouth enveloped him, sucking gently, which was about all he could take right now. He tried to let his mind go blank, but Cas’s mouth and mentioning Benny merged the two and the image of Benny, on his knees sucking him deep as Dean leaned against a tree after slaying a particularly nasty group of Leviathan filled his brain.  He watched as Benny’s lips strained around him. He grabbed the back of the vamp’s head, setting the pace, plunging faster until he just held him still, fucking his mouth harder…

And it was gone. He opened his eyes and Cas was just kneeling there, hands resting on thighs. Dean threw his head back and groaned harshly at another orgasm denial. 

“What makes some *things* deserve killing and others not, Dean?” Cas was giving him the same quizzical looks he would when Dean used to talk about Star Wars; before Metatron’s brain dump.


Can I speak?


“You may.”

Dean grabbed hold of the chain above his hands and pulled himself into a more reclined position. This also served to pull him farther away from Cas. The angel noticed but did nothing.

“You can’t do this. You can’t compare Benny or Kate or even you to