until he can't take it any more and lets out an honest to god whine. It echoes off the walls in the conference room and Rodney chuckles, muttering, "That's it John, let them hear how much you want it. You do, don't you? Because you know, if I don't get some reassurance here I might just walk out and leave you like this, writhing and needy."

"No," John manages in a voice he doesn't recognise, raw with lust. "No Rodney, please."

He can almost hear the satisfied smile as Rodney answers, "Spread your legs wider, John. I want them to see everything."

Gasping, John obeys, spreading as wide as he can. He feels vulnerable, completely exposed, holding his legs up and apart while Rodney's fingers thrust in and out of his hole.

"Do it," he rasps. The words almost get stuck in his throat. He's going to let Rodney do him here, on the table of the conference room, in front of the senior staff.

"Okay. I'm going to fuck you now," Rodney purrs, the head of his dick nudging against John's slick hole. "I'm going to put my cock in you and split you open while they watch. Do you want that, John?"

John can't speak, only nod desperately. He can feel tears slip out from between his tightly shut eyelids. He needs Rodney to fuck him, fill that empty space inside him.

"Tell me," Rodney says, thrusting just a little, not enough to slip inside but more than enough for John to shiver in anticipation. "I'll fuck you, but you have to ask for it. Let them hear you beg."

"Please," John whimpers again. "I want it. Want you."

Rodney emits a little sound halfway between  a laugh and a growl, grabs John's hips so hard that he'll have bruises tomorrow, and slides in, excruciatingly slow. John can't breathe, can't think, can only lie there and take it, feel Rodney fill him up, fill that emptiness inside.

When he's all the way in, Rodney settles with a groan, stays like that for a moment. John can't help but squirm his hips, eager for Rodney to fuck him right through the table.

"Pushy," Rodney mutters, his voice a little strained, like he has some trouble staying in control. John knows the feeling. Only right now, he's meant to lose control, willingly gives it up to Rodney like he gives up everything else.

"Fuck me Rodney," he says, clenching around Rodney's thick length. "Fuck me hard."

"Oh, don't worry, I will." Rodney breathes heavily in an out a few times, and then starts to move, pulling almost all the way out only to slam back inside again hard, the head of his cock hitting John's prostate right on.

John mewls. He knows he should be embarrassed, ashamed, but it doesn't matter. The only important thing is Rodney's cock moving in his ass, Rodney's fingers bruising his hips, Rodney's voice whispering filthy, filthy things in his ear, describing the looks on Elizabeth's and Carson's faces.

He can't hold back, he never can when Rodney's fucking him like this. John doesn't even need a hand on his cock, he can feel the orgasm build deep inside, helped along by every thrust Rodney makes. Then, so suddenly he's almost surprised, he's there, coming and coming like it's never going to end.

Rodney fucks him through his climax and then holds perfectly still inside, breathing like a bellows. "What do you want?" he asks, talking for his own sake now instead of John's. "Should I shoot inside you so you can walk back to your room with my come dripping out of your ass? Or do you want me to, god, do you want me to come on you, cover you in it?"

Smiling, John answers, "On me, Rodney, come on," and then lies back, wincing just a little as Rodney pulls out and begins jerking himself off. The sounds are almost enough to make him hard again, Rodney's breaths coming faster and faster until they they that whistling quality, and then fade out into a long deep groan. John feels Rodney's come hit his stomach, wet and warm, and wishes he could see it, see what he looks like, what they look like.

He slides a finger through their semen mixing on his belly, letting Rodney catch his breath. Then he can feel tender kisses cover his neck and chest and Rodney gently removing the blindfold.

"Come on. You can open your eyes now. John?"

John doesn't want to, wants to stay here just a little longer. But there's