was having trouble remembering his name again, it was Logan, Lewis, Lenard, something like that. Leif, maybe? Whatever it was, he had a dark look in his eyes when he looked up again. "I came back when I remembered you don't know how to get home."

"Who said I was coming home anytime soon, if at all?" Erwin asked, eyes narrowing. "Maybe I want to move out."

"I don't give a shit. You'd have to come home between now and then anyways, so you might as well pretend to be happy about it." Levi was done with trying to be understanding; he didn't understand and he never would. All he could do was try and make sure Erwin was acting rationally, if not for his sake then for the sake of his own sanity.

Dr. Buhi choose that exact moment to walk in again. "Good news, Mr. Smith. It looks like you'll be able to be discharged by nightfall at the latest." She smiled over the clipboard she constantly had on her at Levi. "Ah, you're back. Might I ask your name?"

"Levi," he grunted. "Thanks for taking care of this useless lump of meat," he said, poking fun at him. Erwin only glared irritably back. They shook hands briefly, businesslike.

"Yes, a pleasure. As it turns out, the fracture is actually much more minor than originally perceived, and there are no actual shards. In short, it's only a crack, and should heal well in time, though that's no means to go skating or biking without a helmet anytime soon." She looked seriously at Levi. "You'd better make sure he's alright. We're going to patch him up and send him with you as soon as we can."

"Do I get no say in this?" Erwin whined, earning himself a scalding glare. He hadn't been expecting that, to say the least.

"No, you don't. This is the only man who has any kind of ties to you at the moment, and you will be going with him, " she added the last part in a very low tone next to his ear, "and I trust him. You might not like him, but I trust him because for four days he didn't even move out of this room to eat. You didn't see that. Now," she said, her face returning to its normal lighthearted smile, "I'll leave you two alone for a little until we can get you patched up."

The click-click of highheels on the floor was the only sound as they stared awkwardly at each other. Erwin broke the contact first, looking out the window. 

"I guess I don't have a choice then," he murmured.

"No, you don't," Levi said, mimicking the doctor. "Because, you haven't seen a lot of things since you first went to beddy-bies, one of them being that even if you've forgotten how to love me, I still love you, and you're still my brat. My insufferable, alienated, stupid brat, but mine." His gunmetal eyes locked on Erwin's, instilling a faint fear in him as he bit his tongue and looked away again.

The car lurched to a stop, and Levi killed the ignition. He pulled Erwin up by his arm and practically dragged him out of the car, feet grinding against the asphalt. It was like dragging a mule by the reins, slow and tedious and really it should have been the other way around, Erwin was the strong one. Erwin was the kind of person who could probably send thousands of people to their deaths and remain sane at the end.

Levi had always just depended on himself to do the work of thousands.

The bandages on his head looked funny, and smelled strongly of hospital, but there was no blood on them, so Levi was happy. They walked through the parking lot silently, into the little hallway. He was about to step onto the stairs when Erwin pressed the button for the elevator. Levi grunted, but it was probably better to make sure he didn't push himself anyways.

Unlocking the door to 308, he walked inside, Erwin quick in his stead. "Make yourself at home. It really is your home anyways, so do whatever."

"Thanks," he mumbled. "I'm gonna go take a shit."

Levi flinched; old Erwin didn't cuss. But, this was his fault after all.

"Ok. Bathroom is over there." He pointed him in the vague direction, but wasn't specific as to where exactly, hoping somehow it would force him to remember it by himself. Needless to say it didn't work, but it was worth trying. He wouldn't stop trying until he succeeded.

It took five seconds for him to hear the screaming.

"Lee! Lee!" 

His face contorted into