searches the rooms, she sees very little furniture. There is a thin layer of dust on everything, but there are surprisingly no cobwebs.

When Liechtenstein reaches the kitchen, she finally finds him. He is setting out a plate and some food on the table, so intent on his task that he does not notice her standing in the doorway. She waits anxiously, not wanting to interrupt him in whatever it is he is doing. Finally, she gently clears her throat.

He spins around at this. His eyes widen when he sees Liechtenstein, but his voice is calm as he asks her if she is feeling well enough to be out of bed. When she assures him that she is, he tells her that he is glad. He tells her that she can sit at the table, if she would like to. He has just about finished with her dinner.

His name is Switzerland, and he tells her that he found her lying on the streets last night. She has slept all day, he tells her, and he glad that she has woken up. She doesn't know much about him from Austria's books. When she asks him about this, he says that he does not get involved with the fights of other nations. Liechtenstein likes this. Switzerland has taken her in and taken care of her. It is nice to know she does not have to worry about him leaving her to go fight someone, like Austria and Hungary did.

There is something familiar about Switzerland. Liechtenstein wonders about this as she eats. She wonders if they knew each other a long time ago. She asks him if he ever stayed with Austria. He turns red and sputters loudly, asking why in the world she would ask something like that. Shrinking back, Liechtenstein tells him about her suspicions. She points out that they look very similar, with the same hair and eye color. Their accents are even the same.

Switzerland calms down. He tells her that they look alike because he is her big brother. She ponders this. She has never had a real family before. Austria and Hungary took care of her, but they never claimed to be her parents.

As she thinks, Switzerland reaches out and strokes her hair. He apologizes for being so loud before. He tells her that if it scares her, he will not do it again. Liechtenstein smiles and thanks him.

She returns to her dinner. It is a simple soup with bread, but it is better than what she has been eating. He asks her if she likes it. She says she does, but asks him why he does not eat any himself. All he does is flush and assure her that he has eaten already.

When Liechtenstein has finished eating, Switzerland clears away the dishes and begins to wash them. He has to use a bucket of water and, when she asks, tells her that the sink is broken and he has yet to find the time to repair it.

She joins him at the bucket and begins to dry the dishes, ignoring him when he insists that she does not have to help, and can go to bed if she is tired. Her brother went to all the trouble to make her dinner. The least she can do is dry the dishes for him.

That night, Switzerland insists that Liechtenstein sleep in the bed he put her in when he took her in. She wonders if this is alright - she does not remember seeing another bedroom when she explored the house earlier - but he says that it is fine. He tells her that he has been having back problems, and that sleeping on the floor makes him feel better. He also insists that he gets far too warm at night, so she can have all of the blankets. Liechtenstein tries to protest this (it is winter, and the house is freezing!), but her brother will have none of it.

Liechtenstein wakes up in the middle of the night, startled by the wind howling. For a moment, she can not remember where she is. Then, she remembers that her big brother is sleeping in the doorway, and she feels safe.

She looks over at Switzerland and sees that he is curled up and shivering slightly. She pulls off one of the blankets and tiptoes over to him. Up close, she can see that he is frowning in his sleep. She gently spreads the blanket over him. As he warms a little, he doesn't exactly smile, but he looks far less severe.

Liechtenstein mentally thanks him for all that he has done for her so far. Even if he asks her to leave tomorrow, at least she will be able to survive a little longer.

She leans down and kisses his cheek before getting back into bed.

When they have breakfast in the morning, Switzerland tells her that she didn't need to give up any of her blankets. She smiles and tells him that she did not want him to get too cold.

 

Liechtenstein stays with her brother for the next day and the next and the next. A routine begins: Switzerland wakes up very early, to get whatever work he can find. He is always