feed herself without any fuss.

"You could go with me," Otogi  repeated.

"You're askin' me out?" Katsuya said, and she was a little surprised.

"Yes," Otogi said, voice filled with confidence. "And I'm waiting for an answer."

"I hate dancin'," Katsuya stated.

"You don't have to actually dance, Katsu."

"There's this friend thing that we have, Otogi. I don't wanna ruin it. It's half-dead most'a th'time as is."

"I don't want to ruin it either. Just go with me and have fun. That's all I want."

Katsuya  couldn't help her glare from attempting to barrel through Otogi's chest. "'heard  ya use that line last week." She finally found the workbook. It was  underneath her baseball bat, tardy and suspension slips, a small stack  of assignments that she'd been passed back during classes and hadn't  thrown away, her empty school-issued suitcase and the other books that  were supposed to be in it.

"I meant it then, too."

"Didya have sex with her?"

Otogi's eyes widened. "What?"

"Did-you-have-have-sex-with-her? The girl from last week?"

Otogi scratched the back of his head. "That was totally different."

"Thought  so. I hate dancin'. I'm not goin'." She closed her locker as well as  the conversation and for the first time in her life, Katsuya hurried to  class.

"I didn't mean that you weren't a girl," Honda said.

"Thanks  for walkin' me home," Katsuya said, looking down in a way. She knew  that he hadn't meant it that way, but it had just made her so angry…

"I  just meant that…you know…you're like one of the guys. I guess." She  considered sending him a glare, but it wasn't worth it, and she kicked a  rock in her path instead. "I mean—"

"I know what you mean," she snapped. "Just quit."

He was silent for a while. "Otogi told me you shot him down for the dance. You know he really likes you, Katsu."

If Honda was saying it, it had to be true. The  news alarmed her, but she didn't allow that to show; she was  upset enough to cover it up. "I don't care. He's a pervert and a dick.  Don't stick up for that jerk—"

"He's our friend, you know," Honda interrupted, as though that was supposed to change her mind.

"—he  makes you look bad." Katsuya persisted, determined to finish her  thought. "And bein' a friend don't score ya free dates. Would ya ask  Anzu out?"

Honda looked surprised. "No."

"So why's it me? What's s'different about me?"

"Why didn't you tell me that they were bothering you so much?" Yuugi groaned.

"I didn't want ya t'know. Woulda told ya if…" Katsuya trailed off.

"I'll talk to them tomorrow if you want," Yuugi said, his voice shrinking to a whisper.

She shook her head. "No,"  she gasped. "Don't…dun do that. I dun want you to…"

Katsuya bit her  lip. She hated it when she sounded like that, all girly and mopey; but  it was hard to hold herself in, especially when …when Yuugi was on her  neck like that. And that she liked. She could feel the light bruises already.

Was it a bad thing if she liked Honda and Otogi fussing over the hickeys that  appeared on her neck every once in a while, wondering who they were  from? They would never guess Yuugi, only wonder at what Katsuya's man  had that they didn't. Pigs.

"I'm so sorry that they're jerks to  you, Katsu," Yuugi said. He was further up now, knees between her legs,  licking her ear. It tickled and she couldn't help her giggle even though  she hated how it sounded. She wouldn't make those sounds for  anyone else.

One of her hands curled around one of Yuugi's wrists and  tightened as her self-consciousness set in. Yuugi pulled back then,  looking into her eyes all romantic-like. He was cute, in his own way,  but Katsuya was relieved when she could just close her eyes and focus on  kissing him. She couldn't look into people's eyes and make them  sparkle.

"Don't listen to them," Yuugi murmured against her lips.

Should  she respond? Should she have been too swept off of her feet to respond?  She never knew what sort of reaction Yuugi was expecting.

"I won't,"  she breathed, more to herself than to him and