.”  Dean’s agitated words only inflamed the rage building in Sam’s belly as he pulled out of Sam’s grip.  

                “It’s Sam, God damn it.”  His voice rose and octave. “ m’not a kid!- And what? Just ‘cause I’m sixteen I’m not supposed t’know what –who- I want?  Just cause I’m Sixteen I’m not supposed to want sex?”

                “You’re not supposed to want it with me.”  Dean shouted exasperated.

                “Well too bad, Dean.”  Sam steeled his voice.  “Because I do.  More’n anything.”  He stood up and breached the space between them, cautiously pressed his fingertips to Dean’s jawline, above a recent bruise.  Dean stilled, screwed his eyes shut and shuttered.

                “How’d I screw you up so bad?”  And wasn’t that just like Dean?  To blame and beat himself up when it was Sam doing everything himself.  “You’re supposed to be different, Sammy.”  Dean’s face pressed into Sam’s palm out of its own volition and Sam could feel the flutter of razor-tipped butterflies slicing up his insides.  “I don’t wanna ruin you.”

                “You won’t.”  The words scrapped at Sam’s throat like broken glass. 

                “Yeah.”  Dean huffed out and Sam wasn’t sure if was admission or reassurance.  It didn’t really matter though.  Because that’s the moment John’s truck decided to pull into the drive, all loud Diesel engine and squeaky breaks.  They separated quickly, Dean shoving a pastry in his mouth as their Dad walked in.  Sam handed a donut to John who stared at them with thinly veiled suspicion. You have no idea, Dad. He licked the melted sugar off of his fingertips and only tasted the salt of Dean’s skin.

-W-

                Dean cut down on his overactive flirting and avoidance of Sam.  He didn’t, however, stop pushing Sam’s advances away.  Whenever Sam would get too close Dean would push him away, hold him still at arm’s length; not wanting to let go, but too afraid to let it progress beyond  a few longing looks and chaste, stolen touches.  It was, quite frankly, beginning to get on Sam’s last nerve. 

                School had just let out and pretty soon they’d pick up and leave to wander through every back road and backwater town in search of one hunt after the next.  Dean was out, having been guilted into “celebrating”, with a few guys from the local garage he’d been moonlighting at.  Sam sat quietly, on the bed closest to the door –Dean’s bed- waiting in the dark.  It was around 1am –Way before last call, Sam noted- when Sam heard the quieted click of the door opening and closing.  Sam flicked on the lamp sitting on the side table, casting the room in a warm, golden glow. 

                “Sammy?”  Dean spun to face him, startled, back plastered to the beige plywood door.  His eyes were glassy, and his face was ruddy –every freckle standing out- because of his inebriation.  “what’re you still doin’ up?”

                “Waiting for you.”

                “Wh-“  Dean cleared his throat. “What for?”  The husk in Dean’s voice sent chills up Sam’s spine.  Sam peeled off his T-shirt, his skin somehow feeling twice as hot without it on.  “Sam?” Dean croaked out.

                “I can’t stop thinking about you.”  Sam’s body slid down the bed in one fluid motion, head on the pillow, and rapidly swelling cock tenting the front of his thin cotton pajama pants.  “I can’t help it, Dean.  I just start thinking of you and my skin goes all tight.”  Sam craned his head back, ran his hands from his throat down his chest, thumbing at his nipples so that the little nub of flesh was hard and sensitive, and over his taut belly.  Dean’s breath hitched as he pressed himself harder into the door, hand holding on to the metal doorknob like a lifeline.  Sam hooked his thumbs underneath the elastic waistband of his pajama bottoms, at the wings of his hips, and arched his back.  He pulled them down slowly, over the swell of his ass, his straining dick, let the fabric scrape against his trembling thighs and over his knees, kicked them off when he could no longer reach. 

                Sam slid his hands over his thighs, dragged his blunt nails down the sensitive skin of his inner thigh, leaving faint red trails over the paled flesh.  He cupped at his tight, heavy balls with one hand while the other played at tracing lazy patterns over the hair at the base of his cock.  The air around them felt stuffy and thick to them both, judging by Dean’s heavy, unnaturally loud breaths.  Sam’s eyes fluttered closed as he wrapped his dry palm around his hot length, gave it a few leisurely tugs before