but oh well, I’ll get right to the point. We suffer from anterograde amnesia. That means we can’t remember anything that happened after a certain event. That event being getting hit by a car on our way to the first day of secondary school. Do you remember how excited we were? Of course, you do. You were feeling that excitement before you read this diary. 



 I know you won’t believe these next words because I didn’t believe them either. Read the other entries if you want to. I did, they helped. Don’t be too hard on mum and dad, they tried their best to help us. Medicine hasn’t advanced that much compared to what you remember! 



 Today’s date is April 7th ,2017 not September 6th ,2010 like you think it is. You’re 18 years old. Ryan moved out. I know you remember him as a skinny, spotty 13-year-old but he’s 20 now. He’s grown up a lot, I think it was our accident that did it but don’t tell mum and dad that. Carla, Lottie and Becky are in college now. They grew up without us but to us they’ll always be our best friends. I’m sorry if the page is splotchy now, I didn’t mean to cry. You’ve probably already done that. Ha ha. Anyway, nan misses us but says she can’t see us otherwise she’ll get depressed because there’s nothing she can do to help. I’m sorry but how does she think we feel? Sorry I’ll stop. I just get angry about it all sometimes you know? The world has moved on but to us it will always be September 6th, 2010 but it’s not. 



 Sorry sorry. I should take that out but I’m not going to. When you see mum and dad though act like you didn’t read that. 



 I’m supposed to write about everything that’s changed so you won’t feel out of it but honestly, I don’t see the point. You’ll just forget it anyway. Mum will make you do another entry tonight for the us of tomorrow but if you think about it; every day for us is only 14 hours of pretending we’re okay. Wake up at 8am; go to bed at 10pm after finishing this off. Our life is clockwork. But that clock doesn’t carry on, the moment we go to sleep it resets. 



 You know we have the same dream every night? We stopped writing it down when we realised. If you haven’t read the other entries yet you won’t have known that. Spoiler I guess. Ha. 



 Every single day is the same. We wake up, our world implodes, we cry, we read the diary, we act like a zombie for the next 13 hours pretending we’re okay when we’re not for mum and dad’s benefit, we pray tomorrow will bring a cure but it never does. We sometimes ask to see Ryan, we run from him as we don’t recognise him, he cries when that happens, we hug but it feels wrong. Sometimes we go out for the day; people that know Ryan say hi to him but we have no idea who they are. We have no idea where we are, the outside world has changed a lot. Too much. 



 The park isn’t the same, the swings are gone, the sand pit filled in, there’s a new climbing frame; well it’s new to us, not new to the world due to all the rust on it. The park was our favourite place and know it feels tainted. Tears prick in our eyes again. A stranger asks if we’re okay, you tell them to go away, the stranger’s eyes fill with tears now as well and you notice the tell-tell scar on her cheek; you failed to recognise Carla – your best friend. You wonder if Lottie an Becky still think of you, if they remained friends after your accident. 



 The shops are different, the houses are different, EVERYTHING is different, you ask to go home. You cry on your bed (again; noticing a pattern here?). You gather yourself together, you write in the diary (what I’m doing now, the you of yesterday) whilst you think “what is the point?” 



 We all know, you know, I know, the us’ of the past and the us’ of the foreseeable future know that we’ll all forget tomorrow. 



 Yes, the diary was a good idea to begin with but each day is practically the same there’s no point in it now. If you’re reading this because this is the latest or because your re-reading. Nothing will change. I hate to be so melodramatic but it’s true. 



 That’s the struggle of being us. The struggle of being Emily is that we always