missions together. Maybe you should keep fighting alongside Clary.”

“What would that change?” Jace asks, eyebrows furrowing as he glares at the exposed rafters above their bed.

“You have a hard time taking orders. You can be in charge with her. And...we distract each other. If I have to spend all my time worrying about you, where you are and what you’re doing, I can’t do my job.”

“You promised that you’d never tell me what to do.”

Alec sighs, takes his hand from Jace’s, and turns onto his side to face him. He tucks a hand beneath his head and uses the other to draw invisible patterns on Jace’s stomach with caressing fingertips, “I meant at home. In our relationship. In the field and at the Institute, I’m the boss.”

“Technically, we’re co-heads.”

“Okay, how about this?” Alec starts. He removes his hand from Jace’s torso, “Next mission we have, you take the lead.”

“You’re mad again, aren’t you?”

“Yup,” Alec says, rolling over onto his other side, back to Jace.

Jace cuddles up to Alec’s back, arm encircling his waist, lips pressed to his neck, “I’m  sorry .”

“Don’t be,” Alec says. He tries to keep his tone even as he shrugs out of Jace’s embrace, “Just be ready to take over tomorrow.”

Alec’s alarm goes off at 5:30am, blaring beeps jerking Jace out of his dreams. He groans, trying to burying himself deeper in the covers. He manages to cocoon himself in their comforter, which tells him that Alec is already gone. Jace sits up in bed, confused and trying to blink away sleep. He smacks the ringing monstrosity to end the alarm and watches as  something  floats to the floor beneath their bed.

Jace bends over the edge of their bed, thighs holding him in place while he peers underneath the frame. His hair dangles in his vision, forehead vein swelling as blood rushes to his head and his core strains at keeping him upright. He spots a small, white cube of paper and frowns. One hand grasping the base of their bed, he uses the other to drag the sticky note out. He pulls himself back up, leaning against the headboard for support, and brushes his hair back with a free hand. Holding the note in his other, he reads it:

‘Jace,

Don’t go back to sleep. You’re the boss today. Meeting at 7. Reports til lunch. We can spar after that. Then we have a mission with Izzy and Clary.

- Alec’

“Didn’t even say he loves me,” Jace huffs. He crumbles the note, tosses it on the floor, and yanks himself out of bed.

“Haven’t seen you all day,” Jace says. He steps out onto the garden they’ve been using for training. He doesn’t look Alec in the eye and he doesn’t move closer to him.

“I knew you were busy. Thought I’d leave you to your work,” Alec replies, picking up two swords.

Jace stalks toward him, stopping a foot away. Alec goes to hand him a sword but freezes when he sees that Jace’s eyes are narrowed and he’s abusing his bottom lip between his teeth.

“Yeah, but I make a fucking point of checking in with you. Check in  on  you,” Jace says, jabbing a finger at Alec’s chest. Alec flinches, “I can’t believe you’re so fucking mad at me that you’d leave me to fend for myself all fucking day.”

“So you admit it. You need me. I should be in charge,” Alec says. He smirks, smug, and places the weapons back on a rack. His arms cross over his chest, “You’d rather follow orders than give them.”

“Wait, no!” Jace starts, embarrassment tinting his cheeks, “All I meant was that I wanted to see my husband.”

Alec hums and drops his arms to hang by his sides.

Their mission with Izzy and Clary is a total failure. They’re supposed to clear out a vampire den that’s been the cause of dozens of civilian deaths in the last couple of weeks. Alec thinks it’s painfully standard. He should be doing more important things as the Head of the Institute. They should be sending Izzy and Clary out with trainees instead.

But Inquisitor Herondale insists they take this job. She says its inherent easiness would help them learn to work as a team; and that even if the job was simple to professional shadowhunters, the newbies would most certainly die if sent out. What she fails to mention, however, is that the vampires have an army of venom addicted mundanes and shadowhunters. Most of them are weak, easy to put down because of their addiction, but a few of them are clearly bartering blood