neck and tugs at your hair and you’re brought back to reality. “Bo stoppit.” He squirms and you put him down.

“Stop what?” You kneel beside him and stare into his shades.

“Stop it.”

How you adore children.

You shift to sit beside him, “What is it li’l man? Do you not like Mr. Egbert?”

“No.” He brings his hands to his face for no reason other to be a cute little shit.

“Do you not like the new house?”

“No it’s cool!” His voice is loud. He likes the new house.

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing.” His voice is barely audible and he hides his face in his hands and you give up.

“Well go play. We can have cake later.” He mumbles a response and trots away, what had been troubling him before was clearly forgotten. You hope he doesn’t get into your shit.

Once the kid is preoccupied with puppets and other shit to play with, you set to work. You know exactly what to do next. You sort of laugh. It’s so simple. So elegant. Show the man what you’re about. Show the man that you mean business. You google the number for the local bakery.

 

You drop the box off on Egbert’s doorstep and knock twice. A small tinge of sadness tugs at your heart because you won’t get to see his beautiful face when he opens the box, but you can’t have it all, now can you? Once safely inside your home, you peek out the window to see if you could watch from afar. Your view is skewed by a tree, but you can just make out his face.

He looks down at the box and opens it in one swift movement.

Confusion.

Embarrassment.

Anger.

Determination.

God, you fall in love with him all over again. His expressions are beautiful. The arch of his brow, the pink that dusts his cheeks, that stern, set jaw. And then piercing blue eyes are staring straight at you and he knows damn well where that box came from. You duck away from the window but he’s seen you and you know it.

You heart’s pounding. Your mind is racing. You hadn’t felt this giddy and foolish since you were a teenager and damn does it feel good.

You tempt another glance out the window and he’s laughing. You bet it sounds like honey and cream and you bet it tastes like it too. Or like coffee and chocolate hazelnut cake and fuck you’re getting ahead of yourself. He leaves back into his house, his shoulders shaking through his laughter.

 

You dream about him that night. You almost feel guilty about it, too. Almost.

Is voice is deep and rich and his laughter is just as smooth and perfect as when you imagined it earlier. His moans sound sweeter than any laugh. You wake ready to hear them in your ear. Ready to see him in your bed.

And you remind yourself that isn’t how it works. There are cautions and questions and you can’t just jump headfirst into this—as much as you’d love to.

And still, you hate how cold the other side of your bed is. But you love this new passion. You’re endlessly curious about this Egbert. You want to know every part of him. You want to memorize is biography and map out each scar he might have hidden under that perfectly pressed dress shirt.

Lazily, you trod through the house. Big, filled with boxes, half unpacked. You should really get on that sometime soon.

As you slink into the kitchen, something painfully stark and white against the dark hardwood floor catches your eye. Padding over, you see that it’s a small note. You pick it up and it reads simply in neat script.

“Open the door.”

The faint scent of Barbasol and frosting wafts up from the note and you know it’s from him.

In hindsight, you should’ve guessed that he had something planned but you ignore the thought that he might be pranking you. Instead, you yank open the door overly excited, eager, expecting… something. You don’t really know what.

Stepping out onto the porch, you find a box, not unlike the one you left on Egbert’s porch the day before. Slightly skeptical, you open it to find a seemingly innocent cake. Once you open the box, a faint ticking sound starts up.

You raise a brow and look over to his house. There he is, grinning smugly and beautifully and—god he’s got dimples. He waves at you as he grabs the newspaper. “Morning, neighbor!” He calls and your heart is fucking fluttering and you stare and fuck he’s so hot. You awkwardly raise a hand to wave back and the point down to the box. He nods and grins and you don’t even really register that a soft ding goes off.

You don’t really