square, where once there were gatherings and goodbyes, reunions and send-offs. Now, it was still and silent. At least the forcefield was working, and working properly, as it let the lion in smoothly.



 He stood up to get off when Allura grabbed his arm. “If this is some sort of trap, or—“



 “I didn’t make you come,” Lancelor said. He hurried off of Blue, desperate to get inside and see..



 See what had happened.



 The Earthens followed him, but he didn’t slow down. His speed walk broke into a run as Blue roared and the Castle doors opened. It was dark inside, too, and musty. The lights flickered on as he ran through, not hearing the typical greeting or the shouts of surprise when the Castle scanned his guests. Allura caught up to him easily, her legs almost as long as his.



 No one. No one was here. All the lights, everywhere, were off, and it was dead silent, and there was nothing.



 The healing pods. Cryostasis was the last resort, but if things had really gone south…



 Lancelor slammed his hand to the control panel before it even turned on. He hit it, again and again and again, as the Castle slowly, too slowly, caught up to what he wanted. The panel turned on. Glowed dimly. And one pod rose up from the floor.



 One. Why only one?



 He held his breath. He couldn’t… he didn’t dare think about who he wanted it to be. Any choice was too hard, too impossible, because he wanted everyone. Perhaps it was good, then, that he didn’t have to choose; fate had decided who had lived some many years ago.



 The pod opened, and a drowsy-eyed Coran stepped out.



 “Hoo boy, that must’ve been quite the sleep,” he mumbled. His blurry eyes finally focused, roaming over the Earthens in confusion before getting to Lancelor. “Your Highness!” he cried. “Oh, thank the stars, you’re alright!”



 Lancelor felt like laughing. And crying. He wanted to hug Coran. He wanted to drop to the floor and sob. “Coran,” he said, trying his best to smile and not cry. “What happened? After I left? Is there no one else left? And do you… do you know how long it’s been?”



 Coran’s relief turned to regret. “Prince Lancelor, I’m sorry but… no, I was the only one who got to the healing pods in time.” His eyes drifted back to their guests. “Who are these strange, round-eared creatures?”



 “They found me where we hid Blue,” Lancelor explained. “She likes them,” he added, hoping to sooth Coran’s suspicious looks. He crossed his arms, trying to inconspicuously hug himself. He felt like falling apart.



 Shiro stepped forward, extending his right hand for some reason. “My name is Shiro,” he said. “This is Allura, Pidge, and Hunk. We found, uh, Blue on our home planet Earth.”



 “Earth, yes, I remember,” Coran said. “I am Coran Hieronymus Wimbleton Smythe, advisor to the royal family of Altea and chief mechanic of the Castle of Lions. Last I heard, you Earthens were just learning agriculture, but look at you!” His jovial expression hollowed as he realized what he had said. Shiro’s awkward extended hand dropped.



 “Just learning agriculture?” Allura repeated. “That was thousands of years ago.”



 Lancelor hardly heard whoever spoke next. Thousands of years ago? That wasn’t possible. It couldn’t be. Lancelor couldn’t get around the fact that Coran was the only one who made it into a healing pod, but that hadn’t meant that… that everyone else would be…



 “Ten thousand years,” Coran said, so softly it sounded more like a thought. “We were asleep for ten thousand years.”


I made Lance's name longer to make it more... fancy, I guess? Because "Lance" didn't sound that alien or royal. All I could think of was Lancelot tho, so I just... slightly changed that.

Lance hasn't had a chance to be the goof we all know and love yet. But he will. Soon.

A few days pass before the Galra show up at the edge of Arus's solar system.

In the show itself, Allura assigns them all lions despite barely knowing them, so I've made the assigning-of-lions happen like a day or two after they arrive so that Lance might know them a little better.

Also, enjoy my half-assed explanation as to why the Alteans speak English. Because that always bothered me.


“Lance,” Pidge says. Lancelor looks up from his tablet in confusion. “It’s your new nickname. Lance.”



 Lancelor chuckled. “Okay, Pigeon.”



 Pidge stared. “How do you even know what a Pigeon is?”