would almost dare to describe as hopeful.

Just as Arthur started to think that it might be alright to just lean forward and kiss him already and see how far Alfred would go from there, the alarm on his mobile began to ring. Arthur vaguely remembered setting the alarm to make sure he wasn't late for the opening ceremony, but now he cursed his forethought.

Arthur pulled back and turned off the alarm. He looked at the time and sighed.

"You need to go get ready for the ceremony?" Alfred asked in disappointment. He pulled out his own cell and checked his texts. "Oh geez, I need to get ready too. We'll plan something for later, right?"

"Definitely," Arthur agreed, hoping that next time he would finally get some answers and if he got the right answers, a bit of shagging to boot.

Arthur enjoyed the Opening Ceremony (who wouldn't? it was such a perfect tribute to sheer Britishness and filled him with a quiet sense of national pride), but he found his thoughts continuously wandering back to Alfred. He knew the American would be busy with his table tennis events for the next two days and Arthur had archery events for the three days after that. He wasn't sure either of them would have a spare moment for almost a week. It was so bloody unfair.

And then Arthur began to wonder what would happen if they did have a quick fling. Would they simply wish each other goodbye at the end of the games and perhaps whisper "We'll always have London"? The thought already saddened him and they hadn't even kissed. Who knew a silly young American could turn him into suck a lovestruck sap?

Fortunately, Arthur was saved from further depressing thoughts as it was finally Great Britain's turn to join the parade of nations. He really hoped his parents weren't watching, because he was never going to live down the golden armpits on the team's white track suit. He understood the idea of wearing gold for luck, but wasn't subtlety supposed to be a hallmark of British culture? He didn't care for the shorts either, especially since people kept staring at his legs. They probably thought that shorts were a ridiculous choice for the parade of nations. Arthur certainly did. He made his way to the center of the pack of athletes and focused on keeping his arms down so that no one could see the embarrassing golden armpits.

Alfred had been bugging him to see Great Britain's team outfit, but Arthur resolved to 'misplace' the uniform at his earliest convenience. He didn't think his pride could handle having Alfred see him in this ridiculous get up.

Especially the ridiculous shorts.


Sometimes, the target isn't what you expect.


Alfred was thrilled. He had made it through the preliminary round, the first round, and the second round. Table tennis matches used knock-out rounds, so even the slightest decline in performance could lead to sudden defeat. He was at the top of his game, doing way better than anyone had expected, considering he was going up against much higher ranked athletes. This was his favorite part of the Olympics—the opportunity for an underdog to strike from behind.

Alfred hummed the Rocky theme song to himself for good luck as he practiced, before remembering that Rocky lost in the first film. Crap, why did so many sports movies have moral victories instead of actual victories? He needed to pick something else for better luck. But Eye of the Tiger was such a good song!

When his inevitable defeat occurred, Alfred took it well. The South Korean player who beat him seemed like a cool guy, so they even ate together in the dining hall afterwards. He liked talking with his new friend, but Alfred's heart started beating faster when he saw Arthur walking past.

"Hey Arthur!" he called loudly, drawing Arthur's attention as the Brit walked past. Alfred cheerfully waved and gestured to the empty seat at their table. Arthur nodded and started walking over with his tray. Arthur took a seat next to Alfred as Alfred made introductions.

"Arthur, I want you to meet my new friend. This is Im Yong Soo, he's the South Korean player who beat me in the Third Round today. Yong Soo, this is Arthur Kirkland."

"Nice to meet you," Arthur said, before turning to Alfred. "You seem to be taking defeat rather well."

Alfred grinned. "Yong Soo's ranked number four in the world! So I figure, if no one else beats him, that makes me number five by default, right?

"I don't think it quite works that way," Arthur commented dryly.

"Ssh, stop ruining things with logic," Alfred said as he pressed a finger against Arthur's lips and watched the Englishman's eyes widen in surprise. Damn, he looked adorable when he was surprised.

"I'll definitely win!" Yong Soo insisted loudly, pulling Alfred back to reality. "Table tennis was invented in Korea."

Arthur shook his head. "Actually table