look as he sat up.

"We have to pick up something very important," Dean said turning into the car park and looking around suspiciously.

He jumped out of the beaten car that the pair had stolen and walked across the car park so that Sam couldn't see where he had gone.

He shook his head, swung open the car door and stepped outside and rolled his eyes at the sight.

Dean had walked over to the car as quickly as he possibly could, scared that the police had taken his-

"Baby, oh I'll never leave you again," he said leaning into the open window of John Winchester's 1967 Chevy Impala.

"You're kidding right," Sam said with an unbelieving look as he walked towards the black car "we risked getting caught for a car"

"How dare you say that Sammy," Dean said gruffly with an offended look, keeping both hands on the automobile "this isn't just any car this is-"

Sam held up a hand, cutting Dean off before climbing into the front seat.

"Don't walk away from me..." Dean muttered angrily storming towards the drivers seat with an annoyed pout on his face.

He turned on the ignition and let out a relieved sigh "just listen to her purr" he said patting the dashboard "have you ever heard anything so sweet?".

Sam widened his eyes in disbelief and gestured towards the road "we can listen to her purr when we are trying to get away from the police, DRIVE"

Dean rolled his green eyes and turned out of the parking lot and onto the open road "so dramatic" he muttered as Sam glared at him.

He leaned backed into the Impala's black leather seats as he let a quick breath blow out his nose, still not believing that this could have happened to him, still waiting to wake up from a bad dream next to Jess again.

"This is the worst day of my life" Sam whispered running a hand through his long hair, staring at the dashboard with wide eyes.

"Worst day of your life so far"

"Don't quote Homer Simpson to me" Sam snapped as Dean chucked childishly.

"Where are we going?"

"Back to your place"

Sam turned around to look at his brother "you know where I live!?"

"Of course, I know where you live!" Dean said looking at his brother like he was insane.

Sam huffed and spotted the box full of old cassettes under his legs "you still have these?" he said with a small smile pulling the box up to sit it on his lap.

"Of course, I still have the collection," Dean said sassily snatching the cardboard container away from him "best damn one there is".

"Sure," Sam said rolling his eyes and looking outside of his window.

"Speaking of let's put on some tunes," Dean said happily picking up a random cassette and sliding it into the player with a smirk.

He grinned and bobbed his head to the beat of  the beginning guitar's as they started.

I never meant to be so bad to you-

"Dude, Asia?"

"Oh come on you love this song," Dean said tapping the steering wheel to the beat of the drums in the background.

A look from you and I would fall from grace-

"I hate this song," Sam said with scrunched eyebrows "it's so repetitive".

"Screw you asshat," Dean said mouthing the lyrics passionately to Sam who rolled his eyes.

And incidence arose from circumstance-

"This is ridiculous!" the younger brother yelled over the music and Dean made it even louder.

And we would sing together songs unsung-

"Get ready Sammy!" Dean yelled before banging his hands down to the beat before the start of the chorus.

It was the heat of the moment-

Dean was holding one hand out pointing towards the road and rocking his head back and forth as he kept mouthing to words towards the road his other hand still on the steering wheel, keeping the car steady.

The heat of the moment-

Sam couldn't help but let a wide grin break out on his mouth at his brother's passionate lip syncing.

And now you find yourself in eighty-two-

Sam looked down with a small smile, starting to quietly sing along to the song.

"I CAN SEE YOU SAMUEL!" Dean yelled with a grin in between the lyrics, keeping his eyes on the road.

You catch the pearl and ride the dragons wings-

Sam looked up with a guilty smile his mouth moving a little more as the second chorus began to start.

"Come on!" Dean said patting Sam's chest from the front seat.

It was the heat of the moment-

Sam was laughing now, his worries from the slightly interesting day were completely out of the window.

The heat of the moment-

"SHONE IN YOUR-" Sam froze his smile dropping as a police car zoomed past his window, sirens blaring.

Dean turned off the music and squinted at the tall building in the distance that was surrounded by red and blue flashing lights.

Sam turned to his brother