This would get him," he muttered after, switching his vehicle off and skipping back to his house. 

The next day, a knock at eight a.m.--he had checked--had woken him up on a Saturday morning. He sleepily limped his way to the door, cursing whoever was behind awakening him from his beauty sleep. Who was even up at this hour of the day, especially on a Saturday? Once at the door, Chanyeol opened it with a sigh.

"You!"

Chanyeol looked down at the man in front of him, eyes widening in shock.

"What're you doing here?" Chanyeol blurted out, covering his mouth with his hands after, "oh, fuck! Sorry, that's rude!"

The short man just blinked up at Chanyeol before letting out a snort, surprising the taller man in the process.

"Sorry," Chanyeol apologized once again, hands flinging around as he tried to explain, "I was just surprised that you're here and all, 'coz y'know--"

"It's fine," the short boy cut in, a smile present on his face.

"I didn't mean to say that out loud," Chanyeol said.

"I'm sure you didn't," the boy replied, a laugh escaping his soft-looking lips. They were pink and pouty, and Chanyeol really shouldn't be staring at his lips right now. Chanyeol looked away awkwardly, listening to the shorter male continue to laugh as a blush scattered Chanyeol's cheeks.

Once the boy had quieted down, he smiled at Chanyeol and extended his hand out. "Hi--" he giggled, "--I'm Baekhyun, the guy who keeps parking in front of your house."

"I--uh--I noticed," Chanyeol said after a moment of silence, taking the man's hand into his, "Chanyeol, the one who keyed your car."

Baekhyun had a small hand, Chanyeol noticed, his hand engulfing the man's almost entirely. Chanyeol wasn't surprised, he was pretty much a giant compared to Baekhyun.

Baekhyun giggled, catching Chanyeol by surprise as they extracted hands.

"If you're here about the scratches, I'll pay you back the damages," Chanyeol started, crossing his arms across his chest, "just don't put me behind bars."

Baekhyun laughed again. Chanyeol found out that he quite enjoyed the laugh of the shorter male.

"No, no, it's fine," Baekhyun said once his laughter subdued, "I think I know why you did, but it's fine, I understand. I came to talk."

Chanyeol stood silent, pondering over the idea.

"I promise."

Chanyeol looked Baekhyun up and down, before stepping aside to let the man in. Chanyeol led him to his living room.

"Nice place you got here," Baekhyun commented.

Chanyeol looked around his home, cringing at the mess. The table between the two brown couches was dusty, as well as the television hug on the wall. Crumpled papers were scattered here and there from the many attempts of writing lyrics and music notes and Chanyeol was sure his carpet had crumbs of food he had eaten a few weeks ago. He hadn't cleaned in a few days, too busy with work.

"Thanks," Chanyeol finally answered, "would you like anything to drink?"

"Water or tea is fine."

Chanyeol nodded, walking away and heading towards the kitchen. He quickly made the two of them tea before hurriedly making his way back into the main room. After handing the settled Baekhyun his drink, Chanyeol sat himself on the couch and took a sip of his tea.

"Um," Chanyeol began after a few seconds of silence, "just so you know, I'm not apologizing for scratching your car."

Baekhyun laughed before shrugging and teasingly saying, "Well then, I'm not apologizing for parking in front of your house."

"So, you knew your antics?"

"Of course--"Baekhyun laughs, "--i'm not stupid, Chanyeol-sshi."

Chanyeol frowned. "Then, why did you do it?"

"Personal reasons I would rather not reveal," Baekhyun replied, breaking to take a sip out of his cup, "but if you'd really like to know--"

"I want to know. It is my house, after all."

Baekhyun smiled guilty. "For attention."

"What?"

"I did it because of you," Baekhyun explained, raising his eyebrows as he passed Chanyeol a side smirk, and god damn, Chanyeol would be lying if he said he wouldn't forgive Baekhyun then and there. "I'm sure you know how you look, Chanyeol-sshi. Very eye catching."

Chanyeol blushed at the comment, looking away from Baekhyun's gaze and into the contents of his mug. With a forced cough, Chanyeol responded, "T-thanks."

Baekhyun chuckled. "Did I grab your attention?"

Chanyeol looked back at Baekhyun, holding his gaze before looking over him.

Baekhyun was definitely handsome, the first thing Chanyeol had