in the opposite hand.

Cas has been here for a while and even without permitted use of his powers, he is able to build a decent fire in a matter of minutes. “Take off your clothes. I need to cool you down.” Castiel’s tone doesn’t leave much room for argument. He noticed Dean breaking out into a sweat long before the fire was built and doesn’t need to touch his forehead to know that he has sprung a fever on account of the injury he suffered.

Dean just stares at the other for a moment, green eyes searching the angel’s tired blues for any sign of talking Cas out of his demands but ultimately, he concedes.  In a matter of minutes, Dean is stark naked and sprawled out on top of the trenchcoat. Castiel admires him, watching as the shadowed flames dance across his battle hardened body, the light of which amplifies and reflects off of the glistening film of sweat covering him. 

Cas seats himself between Dean and the pool with a damp cloth in hand—one fashioned from the lower portion of one of his pant legs—and wrings it out over the water before turning back to delicately slide it across Dean’s cheek and forehead. He cups the side of his face through the thin material and gazes down at him with pure adoration when the hunter’s eyes finally close peacefully from the tender sensations. 

Gradually, Castiel runs the cloth downwards along his jaw and neck. A small smile graces the angel’s lips at the feeling of Dean’s pulse beneath his fingertips and only widens when he catches sight of the rare, relaxed expression that is now plastered on the other’s face. He continues to wash him at the same slow pace, taking his time dripping water over his chest and stomach and watching as the little streams follow the pronounced lines of his taut abdomen and defined pectorals. 

"I missed you so much." The words spill from Dean’s lips in a tired, relaxed whisper and when Castiel looks up at him, his eyes are still shut. 

Castiel delicately slides the cloth over the hunter’s powerful thighs and gently grazes his flaccid manhood with his fingertips as he works his way towards his calves. “I missed you too, Dean,” Cas replies after a moment. Slowly, Castiel begins to work his way back up and notes the way Dean’s body quivers as he nears his genitals again. He bypasses his groin and slides the wet material over the hunter’s stomach to clean around his wound a bit more thoroughly. The skin around the gash is red and tender so Cas uses extra precaution whenever he grazes over it. 

"I wish I could make the pain go away," Castiel murmurs after a long silence, staring at the cut as though his gaze alone will will it better. It’s more frustrating because he knows he has the ability to heal him at that very moment but it’s too risky. 

Castiel has already killed two Leviathan today—not to mention the lesser opponents they faced in the early morning. Considering that and patching up Dean, it wouldn’t be wise to continue testing his boundaries. If something were to attack now or during the night, he’d be useless. 

Dean smiles at Castiel’s sweet words and even sweeter tone, eyes still shut and breathing still tranquil. “Just let those angel batteries of yours recharge. Without Benny, we can’t risk it,” Dean says. Cas is so focused on Dean’s injury that he doesn’t notice the other man’s hand inching towards his own. When Dean touches his and gently brings it up to his lips, the angel’s shoulders shrug and his eyebrows slope upwards. 

"If…when we get out of here, I’m going to be so good to you," Dean whispers gruffly in between the kisses he’s placing against Cas’ calloused fingertips, “no more hiding, sneaking around." He knows Castiel doesn’t care about making things official or not, but Dean’s made up his mind. Castiel can appreciate that; however, he is weary. It’s easy to say now, here, but things change when Sam is in the picture. It’s not a negative thing—but it’s something Cas has come to expect and accept. Dean struggles enough with trying to protect his brother and Castiel never wants to become his burden, his weakness. He doesn’t want it to be a competition. No one needs to replace anyone, no one needs to be second. They can just…be.

Still, the thought is nice. The desire to be wanted—to be needed is not exclusive to humankind.

Castiel cups the other man’s cheek and stares down at him with an affectionate gaze, smiling when Dean turns his head into his hand and presses a kiss into his palm. “Are you always this affectionate after near death experiences?” Cas asks, exhaling amusedly through his nose; he’s joking mostly but there is always some sincerity to his questions. Dean just responds with a breathy laugh of his own