would be a big bad liar if he said it didn’t hurt at all to remember. It hurt, every damn time.

Like now.

When he gazes through the window pane and sees all the drops of water blurring his sight at the darkening sky. It hurts.

Fink – verb. [slang] to inform to the police

His phone has beeped twice already. He steals a quick glance to see it’s blinking a pale hue of blue. He instantly knows who it is. Excusing himself from his company, he walks to the exit door while dialing the number he knows with all his heart.

“Hello.” Finally he hears the voice he has missed all day long.

“Sorry, I was held back. My colleague had something important to discuss first.”

“Okay, just want to inform you, we’re having teriyaki burgers. Got this new recipe from Kagami-kun.”

“Thanks. Love you, Tetsu.”

“Be home soon, Mr. Officer.”

“On my way.”

Cacography – poor penmanship

“It’s a bad idea after all…,” Tetsu murmured to himself as he scanned over the notes Daiki had lazily copied for him. “Thank you, Aomine-kun.” He gave Daiki a sincere smile while thinking hard how in the world he would intercept the codes Daiki has challenged him with, unintentionally.

“Yeah,” Daiki scratches his head and paused like he’s gathering some guts to utter something very important, “…just call me right away if you can’t read my handwriting…err, what the. I mean—“

“Yes, I need your assistance to break all these codes you call notes. You have terrible penmanship, Aomine-kun.”

Ameslan – American Sign Language

“What the hell are you doing, Tetsu?” 

The dark skinned man asks rather incredulously while the person being questioned is still calmly continuing what he’s been doing since half an hour ago—ignoring the man sitting across to him and busy doing some weird gestures with his hands that confuse Aomine.

“Whatever.” He concedes and retreats back to his mountainous burgers.

“I’m learning this to communicate secretly with Kagami-kun in court.” The sudden explanation makes Aomine look up from his food.

“Like a secret code?”

“Yeah. To beat the likes of Aomine-kun.”

“What the hell is that supposed to mean?!”

Votive – [adjective] offered, given, dedicated, etc., in accordance with a vow: a votive offering

“You know, Tetsu… maybe it’s naivety on my part but I really believed you’d never go. And yet you vanished, like, really vanished vanished from me. It’s funny because I thought I’m used to your vanishing drive but it’s not cool at all when you used it on me. Never leave again, Tetsu.”

“I am forever your shadow, Aomine-kun.”

“Tch. Only you can say that embarrassing thing with a flat face, Tetsu.”

“You blushed, Aomine-kun.”

“Shut up. You’re ruining the mood.”

And we bumped our fists—presaging our promise. Forever. Maybe this time it will get thru Aomine-kun’s thick head.

Osculate – to kiss; to come into close contact or union

He could feel the breath ghosting his lips, persuading him to open it just for the slightest—but not yet. His heart was wreaking havoc behind his ribcage. He wanted to peep, to see how close exactly the man in front of him was but he couldn’t bring himself to open his eyelids. He felt like he could collapse anytime. His legs might not be able to support him any longer.

Then he heard the sweet whisper of “Tetsu, open your mouth” and he did nothing but immediately complied.

It felt like ice on fire.

His first kiss with Aomine-kun.

Sweven – a vision; a dream


I want to see Aomine-kun enjoying basketball again.



I want to play with Aomine-kun again, at the same court, in the same team.



I want to be Aomine-kun’s shadow again.



I want to be with Aomine-kun forever.
 



I want to bear Aomine-kun’s offspring.


 

Daiki found the small note Tetsu had handed to him a very long time ago while he was cleaning the storage room in their small apartment. The phantom man claimed that whatever written on that note was mere joke though.

“Too bad men can’t get pregnant, Tetsu. Anyway, let’s see if I can get you pregnant now.”

Mugwump – a person who is unable to make up his or her mind on an issue, especially in politics.

When Daiki was asked whose leadership he prefers—Captain Nijimura or Emperor Akashi, his answer was more or less sounded like, “I don’t know.”

And he continued with something like, “Nijimura-san was cool, way more humane than that Red Devil. But, in terms of, effectiveness and efficiency, I think it’s Akashi. But… I’m not