before slowly moving the other off of his cock. He moved him to the side and then wrapped his arms around his waist. “Let's sleep… I won't get to see you after eight tomorrow…”

Yuuri smiled softly and ran his fingers through Victor's hair. He then pressed a kiss to his forehead, only to close his eyes and rest on his chest. “I love you, Victor…”

“I love you, too…” Victor softly said.

They both fell asleep around the same time, holding each other in a loving embrace, their bodies pressed tightly together.

Finally, after a long time of waiting, their wedding commences with little to no second thoughts.

THANK YOU FOR READING SO FAR! AAA, I'll start trying to update more.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Yuuri was quiet as he stared around his lonely hotel room. God, stupid anxiety. His heart was racing, his breathing was heavy, and he was freaking the hell out. His fingers were grasping lightly at his long hair, his head was tilted down, and his whole body was trembling. He was trying to find a way to calm himself down and yet it seems like he was unable to find a way to calm down. He couldn't believe what was happening to him… He couldn't believe he was going to marry the love of his life and yet he was freaking out. He felt like this all could go badly and this was something he didn't want. He wanted everything to be as perfect as it could be…

“I can't believe I am going to marry him…”

And yet… He started to tear up, his hands pressed tightly to his face as he was trying to calm down… His heart was pounding, his eyes were squeezed shut, and his leg was bouncing up and down. That's when Phichit came in, eyes wide before he quickly moved over towards Yuuri.

“Yuuri! Are you okay…?” Phichit asked, his hand rubbing up and down his back. “Why are you nervous? Don't be nervous! You're marrying the love of your life…”

Yuuri breathed out a shaky reply, “I don't want anything bad to happen!” He then glanced up towards Phichit when he finally came from hiding. “I'm terrified of what will happen… I don't want anything bad to happen… I don't want him to end up changing his mind and just… I just… I…”

“Yuuri! Victor would never change his mind like that. He loves you too much to do such a thing. Too much. Why would he want to leave you? Why would he never love you? There is a lot to love about you. He wants to marry you. You.” Phichit grabbed the male's hands and held them close. “Nothing bad will happen tomorrow…” He knocked on wood three times before sticking his tongue out towards Yuuri.

Yuuri started to laugh, shaking his head towards Phichit. “You are ridiculous…” He then wrapped his arms around his body quickly. “Thank you so much, Phichit…” He softly said to him as he buried his face into his shoulder. “You really helped me out… I just felt like… Like something was going to happen…”

Phichit quietly shook his head. He rubbed his thumb across the top of the male's hand as he stared into his eyes. Yuuri was his best friend. Of course he would comfort him in his time of need. He loved him… More than anyone would think, which would be strange, but he never wanted to be more than just friends with the skater. He was glad he had him there for a lot of his skating career, especially with how much fun they had had in the past. The two shared so many memories together, now he was his best man at his wedding and he was going to watch him walk down he aisle to his future. This was all Phichit ever wanted in life: to see his best friend get married to someone who would love him even more than what he did.

It was coming true.

“Just know I will always be there for you, no matter what, and that if you need someone I will be here. If you need to talk to someone I will be here. If you need to hug someone… I will literally fly to Russia and give you the biggest hug in my life!” Phichit started laughing after what he had said before wrapping his arm loosely around Yuuri’s shoulder. “Don't be nervous. You're marrying Victor Nikiforov. You should be happy!”

“You know I am very happy. I am just so nervous… I don't want to end up tripping and falling over on my face.” Yuuri laughed and ran his fingers through his hair slowly. “Look at how long it's gotten… Victor loves it. He loves playing with it.” He snickered. “A-And he loves grabbing it…”

“Oh boy~!” Phichit