make a mess.” 

She finishes putting her shoes on. 

“I’m going now!”

“Bye.”

The front door slams and Chanyeol stays leaning against the counter, drinking his peach drink.

~~~

I'm skipping ahead a little missing a chunk out for now. There's a missing span of time between last chapter and this one.

He drops down into his desk chair.

“This is really a pain actually,” he mutters, swiveling the chair from side to side.

With heavy movements, he reaches down and unlocks the drawer, takes out the hamster toy, sets it on the desk.

He looks at the toy. Shakes his head.

Just to be sure, he gets up and grabs his summoning textbook and dumps it open in the middle of the floor.

“There.”

He unfolds the paper Seok gave him and paces over to the window, scanning the spell again. It’s long. It’s complicated Old Language. More dense than anything they’re given to do at school.

“Don’t try and rush it,” Seok had told him. “It will take time and practice to learn this spell.”

Chanyeol sighs.

He starts on the first line, reading silently in his head. He pauses as he hits [ title of entity ].

“Title of entity,” he mutters. He pulls out the other scrap of paper from his pocket, smoothes it out. “Do Kyungsoo. Do...Kyungsoo.” 

He tries silently to make it through the first line again.

“Ah.” He gives up and falls onto his bed, scrubs his hand through his hair. “I don’t even know if I want to be a Bureau man. Why this all of a sudden?” He’s talking to the room, glaring up at the ceiling.

“My grades are shit. I’m near the bottom of the class. Go and talk to Chen.” 

He wriggles up the bed and collapses back, throwing his head back hard into the pillow.

He lies still for a while. The cool breeze drifts in through the open window. The curtain lifts and falls.

He holds the paper up in front of his face and blows his breath out irritably. Then falteringly, he sounds out the first part of the sentence aloud. He gets to “Do Kyungsoo” and it’s like something snaps.

All at once words are spilling out of his mouth without his control, rushing out like water through a busted dam, his eyes flash across the words on the page, line by line, very fast, his brain taking it in instantaneously and his mouth speaking the words of the Old Language in a rush, it’s pouring out of him like he’s being sick, like his body’s bringing it up all in one go, as fast as it can, with no option to stop.

He hits the last word and it’s over, he can move again, he can think again – he rolls onto his side as if he’s going to be sick, he’s not sure, he’s panting and sweating – he almost rolls off the bed.

“God.” He drops the paper away from him, onto the floor, his hands shaky, he struggles clumsily to sit up. “What the fuck...”

“It worked.”

Chanyeol lets out a loud yell. There’s someone standing at the foot of his bed.

“Oh what the fuck!” He scrambles sideways into the nightstand, crashing it to the floor, the lamp goes over onto its side, the shade bent and throwing a crazy angle of light across the room. 

He’s stumbling for the door – there’s his baseball bat propped against the desk, he grabs for it, fumbles and nearly knocks it over, catches it up with both hands and swings round to face the thing he’s summoned.

The ghost is still standing there at the foot of the bed.

“You–” Chanyeol chokes out.

“Chanyeollie?” his mother’s voice calls from out in the hall.

Chanyeol stands frozen for a beat. Jerkily, he shifts to get his back up against the door, he doesn’t want her coming in here. He keeps his baseball bat pointed at the ghost.

“It’s okay,” he shouts hoarsely. “I just knocked something over!”

“Go to bed.” 

“Okay!”

He hears her footsteps moving off.

What now.

He stands panting quietly, his eyes fixed on the apparition.

The curtain billows behind Do Kyungsoo. It doesn’t move through him. It gusts against Do’s back and clings to his shoulders before it settles again, and Do is just standing there staring at Chanyeol. At length, Do breaks the silence.

“I’m sorry to scare you. I’m not going to hurt you.”

And then he bows, a deep bow. 

“Thank you for summoning me.”

He straightens up and they’re back to staring at each other.

“I–” Chanyeol swallows because his voice is all rough. He needs to get a grip. “I