that Zayn's skin has ever captured would be in his shower and if it was open water, it would only go as far as to his calves. 

It takes two of Harry's hands intertwined with him for Zayn to step in further. Harry's walking backwards, first in front of him to promise that he's paying attention to the ocean, that he's double checking anything before he pulls Zayn further. "See, it's nice."

"Yeah. But it's enough. Who needs their whole body in it anyways?" Zayn scoffs, pulling Harry's arms so they step back closer to shore, but Harry doesn't oblige, instead he puts two arms around Zayn's shoulders pulling them closely, still cautiously walking backwards so both of their bodies are reeled into the deep. 

Waves are casting to their hips by now and Zayn takes a deep breath, aware that this isn't that awful and if anything, he's with Fish Boy so they're alright for now. Especially with that tight grip Harry's got around his body, he almost want to say thanks to the ocean for bringing them this close together.

"Think you could get in deeper for me?" Harry coos, unraveling his arms from above Zayn's shoulders but sliding it down to his hips. He pockets at Zayn's camera and raises it so that they're both in the view. 

"Harry! Stop talking it's some dialogue for a cheap porn film." 

"So that's what you watch when you're traveling on your own?" By now Harry is distancing and swimming in the vicinity of water that surrounds them. The level of the water is nearly to his lower chest and he just might want to go further in just for Harry, but Harry tells him to stay there. 

When Zayn watches Harry swim, he tries to piece things together. All from how Harry's hands move to the way he tilts his head side to side, and he can't really see his feet, but he almost knows how his legs move with the ripples of water trailing behind him. 

"Alright. So let's teach some basics. We'll teach you how to float, and then do some simple hand and leg coordination." Zayn feels as if he's back in high school all over again where the teacher didn't help much but had her swim team students assist those who didn't know how to swim, meaning it was Zayn and a few other girls. But during the swim session for physical education, Zayn made a note about having rashes from the chlorine after he couldn't last the first day. 

Harry’s standing directly in front of him now, Zayn’s skin isn’t physically itching, so there’s no way he could escape this time. He’s following the hand that Harry offers him, laying both his forearms flat onto the water. Zayn stares dumbfounded at Harry’s actions but aware when Harry’s informing, “You’re suppose to float. I’m your floatie.”

“What, how is this going to help me swim? Like --”

“Just. Goodness, I am doing this for free. Please comply with me.” Harry groans before putting a hand on Zayn’s arm, making him jerk back a bit and shout at Harry in fear, complaining about how he never asked Harry to do this in the first place. It only takes a scolding from Harry claiming that he isn’t a risk-taker, which makes Zayn simmer down.

Zayn is allowing his body to lean back as Harry raises his calves for him slowly. He tries not to think about how his body is mostly submerged into the water, instead, having thoughts about the way Harry’s palms are on his lower back underneath the water. He doesn’t hear Harry’s praise, only eyes shut with a muffed mumbly echo due to the waves. 

The feeling of Harry’s touch slipping away is what wakes him up from this muse. His whole body ends up dunking into the water and he’s swiveling his arms fast with a rush of apprehension due to the fact that he’s probably drowning right now. Though Harry’s hands are back on him telling him otherwise 

“You know, you were doing fine and I was just trying to see if you could do it on your own, so please?” Harry coos and steps slightly distant with two hands raised in surrender. With their gap away, Zayn sighs albeit aware that this is his queue to impress Harry, that he indeed can be imprudent. He’s lifting his his feet so that they don’t touch the grainy sand anymore and that all he fills his water surrounding him as his arms are out. Not bad, there’s a rush of eagerness running through his veins as he splashes himself down from his floating, ready for the next step.

“Holy shit, cool huh? I floated. I was fucking on my own like floating, like a superhero.” Zayn