word with you.  Why don’t we go over to that table over there so we can all talk?”

“Of course,” Asami says, following him to an empty table.  Asami turns her head around while more people find the table, pursing her lips in a reproving way at Korra.

Korra brings her hand up to her forehead and shakes her head.  Behind her, she hears a slow clap coming from two people.

“Very good, very good,” Bolin says.  “What would you give that one, Mako?  Seven?  Eight?”

“Oh, definitely an eight, Bolin.  Embarrassing yourself in front of important people plus a scolding look from Asami has to at least be an eight.”

“I think I would have to agree with you, brother.”

Korra rolls her eyes and walks away from them.

Unamused Asami.  Highly amused Mako and Bolin.  Ah, yes.

(tbh I had no idea what I was doing with the whole candidates running for office thing with Earth Kingdom so I kind of just made stuff up????  yeah????)


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The third time is when they’re visiting the Southern Water Tribe with Bumi and the kids.

Kya is there to greet them when their boat comes in to the dock, and Ikki and Meelo fly off, running up to hug her.

“No Tenzin?” Kya asks while Meelo runs around her.

Jinora shakes her head.  “Dad said he had too much to do.  There are still some new airbenders out there, apparently.”

Korra walks off onto the dock with her hand on Asami’s back, Naga trailing behind her.  She closes her eyes and breathes in deeply through her nose, smiling broadly.

“Happy to be back?” Asami asks quietly, her own smile playing on her lips.

“Very,” Korra says, and she moves her hand to Asami’s arm, tugging gently to make her move faster.

“I’m coming, I’m coming!” Asami laughs.  Naga runs up from behind them and barks.

“C’mon,” Kya says.  “Everyone’s waiting in the village.  Senna has been cooking all day.”

The houses in the Southern Water Tribe are nothing like Asami has ever seen before.  She remembers Korra telling her that back when Aang was saving the world, everyone lived primarily in tents.

Now, nearly eighty years later, the houses have transformed from tents to things that more resemble snowy huts. 

When they walk in, they’re greeted by warmth and loud voices.

“Gran-gran!” Meelo and Ikki fight over who gets to run to Katara first; Bumi and Jinora exchange a glance behind them.

“It’s so good to have everyone here,” Katara says, wrapping her arms around three of her grandchildren.

“I’m so glad to be home,” Korra replies, brushing her hand against Asami’s.  Ikki immediately starts talking at top speed and Kya laughs as Katara tries to keep up.

Asami smiles, gazing around at the house.  There are patterns and animal skins hanging on the walls, and despite the deep snow on the ground outside, everything feels comfortably warm.  Asami takes off her gloves and puts them in the pocket of the Water Tribe-style overcoat Korra got for her.

Korra looks up expectantly and face widens in happiness when her father walks into the room from behind a curtain near Katara.  She doesn’t waste any time in running up to him in a hug.

“Dad!”

Tonraq wraps his big arms around her and smiles.

“I’m so happy you’re home, Korra.”

“Me too,” she says.  She pulls back, his arms still on her shoulders, and asks, “Where’s mom?”

Tonraq chuckles.  “She’s out back.  You know how she insists on using fresh snow when she makes her five-flavored soup.”

Korra laughs and steps back to where Asami is standing; Asami glances at her and arches an eyebrow.

Jinora finally shushes Ikki and the hut quiets down.  Tonraq tilts his head and Katara looks over from where she is by the curtain.

“Oh!” Korra says. “Dad, you remember my Asami, right?”

Jinora covers her mouth to stifle her mouth but Bumi laughs out loud.  Asami sighs, stepping in front of Korra, and extends her arm.

“It’s very nice to see you,” Asami says, “your home is wonderful.”

Tonraq chuckles again, shaking her hand.  “I’m happy you could come too, Asami.”

When everyone else is looking away, Asami steps close and cups Korra’s cheek with her hand, and then shakes her head, frowning.

Okay so I'm not gonna' lie but like, I was totally blanking on what the SWT tribe looks like because I feel like it keeps changing, so I kind of just looked at some season two screenshots and made some things up.  I'm also not too happy this one but like, eh whatever.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The fourth time is all Asami,