would be his final experience. At least it would all be over soon.

Vision blurry, he stared at the clear sky. Cruel irony would have him die on a day when nothing seemed amiss, when those who could cherish life would be able to go out and run through their daily schedules, perhaps even bask in the sunlight. But not him, not the person who wanted nothing more than to live freely.

Karkat's eyes suddenly filled with darkness, and he let himself fall into the abyss. At the bottom, he felt a heaviness lift itself from him, a warmth brushing his skin, the pressure of something soft being pushed against his arm. He felt pain rocket through it once more, and then nothing.

He was free.

Ah, sorry this chapter took so long to get out, I was struggling a bit with some characterization and world building, and then on top of that I had to study for finals and move out of my dorm. But it's finally here!

I know I haven't been responding to comments, but I really do appreciate everyone that has taken the time to comment, give kudos, or just to read the story in general! Thank you so much, guys! It honestly means a lot to me.

With that, here's chapter 3!

The entire world seemed to be closing in on Dave, the air condensing so that it quickly overtook his body, crushing his heart. He could feel his bones violently shaking inside, his eyes darting this way and that. Knees had dropped to the ground, chest heaving as he tried to catch his breath, process what had just happened. His heart thumped, he was covered in sweat; his fingers shuddered, curling in and out, unable to keep still. Below him laid the prisoner; eyes beginner to flutter, vision wavering. Blood spilled from the wound on his arm, pooling on the ground.

He had to work, and he had to work quickly; there was no time to stop and think about the crime he had just committed, the horrid sin that made him just like them no stop-

Dave muttered curses under his breath as he tried to steady the anxiety-ridden fingers, grasping the shackles that still held Karkat to the open tomb, the grave that he would end up making a home in if he didn't move. He gritted his teeth, slammed his eyes shut as his forehead. A numbing spread through his injured shoulder, then a piercing. He winced, entire body going limp for a moment, the weight of his wings heavy on his back.

For a moment, he felt dizzy, the pain being the only thing he could focus on. But then he kept pulling, knuckles turning white for mere moments before the pressure was suddenly released, the shackles falling apart in his grasp. And then came the searing in his shoulder once more.

It hurt, but he had to keep going, had to save the boy who was bleeding out, whose eyes had slipped shut. The boy who was going to die before his eyes, like the many who had been slaughtered before him – the ones Dave had never acknowledged, the children whose blood had painted the barren rock for centuries -

In that split second, he considered leaving Karkat to die; after all, it wouldn't have been that much different from the other times he had run away, right? There was just the sight of the actual blood that he would have to deal away with, nobody had to know at all, no one except for the trolls he had attacked – killed? – and, Oh fuck, he realized, I'm in too deep.

And then he returned his attention to the rapidly weakening form below him, recollecting the moment when he had decided to save him, how Karkat's eyes were the same as his from all those years ago and even though he'd seen that same expression countless times there was something special about this time that he couldn't place his finger on. But he had no time to think about that. Reflections would come later, once they were both safe.

He wracked his brain, trying to unearth what to do next. Wound, right. Bandage of some sort. But what to do with that bandage? Pressure, pressure, just like Dirk had done all those years ago when he had been training him, when his body was broken and bleeding in a whole bunch of different places, pressure by the wound, yes, yes, that's good, but what kind of bandage?  Clothing, tear, got it. Tie, compression. Breathe, he'll be okay, right? No, don't question, breathe, break the other shackles. Arms around him, lift - Oh god, that hurts like a bitch.-

 


-Run.


---

John hadn't been practicing for very long. In fact, he had only recently finished his surgical training. He had no choice but to live near the border between Alternia and Gaia; despite being trained under one of the most accomplished surgeons in existence, he still had