's all?" Chloé said.

"Uh-huh, the rest is probably better for you to learn on your own. Go on and try it out!"

"Right now?" Bizzy nodded. "Okay, uh, Bizzy - transform me!"

She watched as the little bee was pulled into her hair comb. Suddenly, she felt a burst of energy overcome her. She outstretched her arms and watched as a skin-tight black glove materialized. In place of her clothes was a black-and-yellow striped bodysuit, with a belt. Attached to the belt was some sort of sceptre. Over her face, a striped mask materialized. Finally, on her back appeared two thin, transparent wings. They fluttered as the burst of energy subsided.

"Oh, wow..." she said, marvelling at her new costume. She wondered about what Bizzy said, that she had to 'figure out the rest on her own'.

She grabbed the sceptre and waved it around a little. White flashes sparked out of the end, hitting the ceiling. She looked up and saw a black mark where it hit.Wincing, she lowered the sceptre and attached it back onto her belt. Best to save that for the akumas.

So, since she had wings, could she fly? Her question was answered when she felt the wings fluttering again. Her feet lifted off the ground. She gazed in awe before recoiling in pain. She was so distracted looking down, she forgot about the ceiling. She rubbed her head - hopefully it wouldn't bruise.

She looked out her window. Paris. It seemed peaceful now, but any number of things could be going on. She glanced at the door, then back at the window.


Why don't we find out what's happening?


She opened it up and put one foot through. She tried flapping her wings, sliding off the ledge. The wings carried her into the air and gave her a great view of the city below.

She gasped. It was beautiful... but there was no time to think about that. Ladybug and Chat Noir could be in trouble, and she'd kick herself if she missed out on fighting alongside her idol. Even though... she had no idea how to fight.

She could figure that out later.

She smiled as she soared through the air, arms outstretched and wind against her face. She almost forgot to look out for Ladybug and Chat Noir. Tilting her head down, she scoured the streets for the familiar red-clothed heroine and her sidekick.

Eventually, she found them fighting in the street in front of the gardens. It was a frightening sight - a giant plant monster grabbed them both and wrapped them tight in its tendrils! She could see that they wouldn't be able to beat it alone. But could she be useful? She didn't really know what to do... Thinking for a moment, she quickly swooped down closer to the monster. Sceptre unlatched from her belt, she waved it a little before pointing the end at the giant plant. White sparks flew out and hit it straight-on, causing it to screech and release the heroes.

She saw Ladybug look at her for a moment - that nearly made her melt - before tying up the monster in her yo-yo. Chat Noir jumped to the top of the beast's flowering head, grabbing it's crown and swiftly moving back to Ladybug's side. He gave the crown to her and she crushed it under her foot, causing a dark-colored butterfly to fly out. Before it could get too far, Ladybug caught it in her yo-yo, then released it again once it had been purified. She watched in awe before realizing that they were staring at her.

She descended to the ground and went towards them.

"Uh, thanks for the help, Miss." Ladybug said - to her, Chloé. "Who are you?"

"I'm - uh..." she searched her brain for a suitable superhero name. "I'm... Honeycomb." she said, extending her hand. Ladybug shook it - shook her hand - and smiled.

"I'm Ladybug, and this is Chat Noir." she pointed behind her, and Chat Noir bowed. She curtsied in return.

"It's - an honor to meet you, I've been a big fan of yours ever since you first started crimefighting." she said.

"Always nice to meet a fan. Well, I've got to get going, so see you -" Ladybug turned to leave, but Chloé held out her arm.

"Wait!" she said, "I only recently got my miraculous....I was wondering if you'd help me out? Show me what to do?"

Ladybug looked back at Chat Noir, who shrugged. "I - Uh, guess so. Meet us tomorrow night in front of the Eiffel Tower. Now, I really need to go." There was a beeping sound as she left, swinging from rooftop to rooftop. Chat Noir followed suit, pole-vaulting into the night.

Once she was