soft laugh.

“No, not lately. I didn’t wanna annoy you even more than I did before.” Luke said, totally lying because the real reason he stopped was because of his feelings for the brunet. There was another pause before the two decided to speak up at the same time.

“So who was that guy?”

“How come you haven’t texted?”

They both stopped abruptly and laughed.

“You go first.” Ashton told him and Luke nodded.

“Who was that guy at your place that day?”Luke questioned and Ashton squinted, trying to remember before he gasped and nodded.

“Harry?” He asked and Luke nodded. “Harry’s my friend from class. Him and I are in a study group together, but the other two—his fiancé Louis, and Cal—decided to ditch, so it was just us.” Ashton explained and Luke felt a giant weight lift off his shoulders, but he also felt like the stupidest man in the world.

“Fiancé, eh? He’s kinda young don’t you think?” Luke wondered out loud and Ashton shook his head no.

“Nah. You should see them together. They’re totally in love. It’s so sweet.” Ashton said, his eyes brightening at the thought of being in love. Luke looked at him with nothing but adoring eyes. 

“So what’d you wanna ask me?” The blond asked, turning his body completely to the brunet who immediately became shy. 

“Oh um, it’s just,” Ashton started quietly and Luke looked at him expectantly “why haven’t you texted? Or even come over again, I mean, I kind of live two feet away from you.”

Luke thought about it for a minute, trying to rack his brain for a better answer than ‘Oh, I was too busy being jealous about the guy you were hanging out with who’s gonna get married’, but he couldn’t think of anything. 

“Oh, y’know. Busy with work, my night classes… yeah…” The blond said nonchalantly, leaning back into his couch. 

“Too busy to apologize sooner?” Ashton asked with and unreadable expression on his face and Luke looked down guiltily. “Luke, I know you know I like you.”Luke’s head snapped up, completely forgetting that information that Calum told him because he was too busy being blinded by jealousy.

“And I get if that’s the reason why you’re not talking to me, but couldn’t you just tell me?” Ashton said with a hint of sadness in his voice and the blond looked at him as if he were crazy.

“What? No! No. That’s not the reason at all.” Luke exclaimed causing the brunet to raise an eyebrow at him.

“Then what is the reason?” Ashton questioned.

“I was jealous…” Luke mumbled and the brunet’s eyebrows furrowed.

“Huh?” He asked, leaning towards Luke so he could hear him better.

“I was jealous, okay. Of Harry. So I didn’t talk to you.” Luke said louder. Ashton stared at the blond, processing what he told him, then started giggling. His giggles started to turn into full on laughter and Luke put his reddening face in his hands in embarrassment.

“Harry’s taken. Like, taken taken. And besides, why would you be jealous?” Ashton laughed out and Luke peeked at him from his hands.

“Because I like you.” He stated and Ashton immediately stopped laughing.

“What?”

“I like you.” Luke repeated.

“Oh.” Ashton let out. There was yet another awkward pause before the brunet began to narrow his eyes “Are you just saying that just so I’ll sleep with you? And then you’ll dump me in the morning?”

Luke shook his head no furiously “No! I actually have feelings for you. Why do you think I stopped bringing random people home? Because of you.”

“I just don’t understand why you do it in the first place.” Ashton told him and the blond shrugged, not knowing how to answer him.

“It’s kind of a habit, it started years ago. When other people are stressed, they do yoga or some shit. But when I’m stressed, I just happen to sleep with people. But I’m gonna break that habit, because well, I wanna be with you.” Luke confessed and a small smile made its way onto Ashton’s face.

“I wanna be with you too.” Ashton said softly, then looked at the blond straight into the eyes “But firstly, I don’t have sex on the first date.”

The blond laughed until he caught Ashton’s serious expression. “That wasn’t a joke?” Luke asked and the brunet shook his head no.

“Well, I’ll take you on as many dates as you need.” Luke grinned “Not that I only wanna date you to get in your pants, but don’t get me wrong