sticker in the ribs wasn’t bad enough, so you had to go and break my fingers too?” They’ll both laugh, and then Charlie will counter with the time Jesse pushed him out of a tree and he bit through his lip when he landed. Charlie will pull on his bottom lip and point to the scar. It will turn into a competition. They’ll take turns rolling up their sleeves, lifting up their shirts, and tugging at the hems of their trousers, pointing to the light and dark lines that cut through their skin and telling the stories that go with them. They don’t need to, they both already know all of the marks on each other and how they got there. But it’s fun to tell the stories. Once all of their layers are shed Charlie will jump into the ocean and Jesse will swim out after him. Jesse’s hands will be warm on his hips in the cold Atlantic water—

A screaming whistle cuts through Charlie’s fantasia. The movement of the train changes, sending a fresh wave of misery through the men packed inside. Jesse whimpers and Charlie makes soothing sounds that get lost in the roar of the engines. At least Charlie thinks it was Jesse who whimpered. He’s gotten quieter with every mile that goes by. It’s okay though, because Charlie can feel the train starting to slow; they are almost there. He lowers his head until his lips light against Jesse’s ear.

“It’s okay. We made it, we made it. They’re going to take good care of you here. Get you all patched up soon.”

Charlie plants a quick kiss to the curved shell of cartilage. He lets his mouth linger there. He doesn’t have the energy to raise it back up. The screech of brakes seems to go on forever and Charlie wishes he could cover his ears without letting go of Jesse. Finally, the harsh sound lets up. The car jolts as the doors are pulled open and the dark box is flooded with light. Men climb into the car and move between the bodies of the wounded. Charlie blinks against the bright square of sunlight. He can just make out more men waiting outside the train car with stretchers. One by one, soldiers are picked up and carried away. The medics buzz around in a flurry of organized chaos that Charlie is having a hard time tracking.

A man with kind brown eyes crouches in front of Charlie. His mouth opens and closes as he talks. He tells them that they’ve arrived in Richmond and he’s going to take Charlie to Seabrook Hospital to take a look at his leg. Charlie frowns when the man doesn’t say anything about Jesse. Maybe it’s because Jesse’s eyes are closed and he doesn’t want to wake him up. Something pulls at Charlie’s wrist and he looks down. The man is tugging at his hand, trying to pry apart Jesse and Charlie’s interlocked fingers. Charlie snarls at him. They can’t separate them, not now. They can take them together and give them adjoining cots in the hospital. Hell, if there aren’t enough cots they can lay them side-by-side on the floor. Charlie doesn’t care as long as he and Jesse get to stay next to each other. The man ignores Charlie’s shouts and weak efforts to fend him off, eventually succeeding in straightening out Charlie’s claw like grip on his partner. The world lurches.

When it settles again, Charlie is staring up at blue skies. Robin’s egg blue with little puffs of clouds. Before he can pick out shapes in them, the sky is gone, replaced with mildewing canvas. Charlie wonders if everything was a dream; the train ride and the battle before it. Maybe they never actually left camp that morning and he’s staring up at the same pathetic scrap of cloth he and Jesse have been sharing for the past year. Except it’s too big. There are too many people in this tent and they don’t have to crawl to fit inside. They stand full tall as they move about, speaking in crisp, efficient voices.

The man with the kind eyes reappears and Charlie asks him where Jesse is. The man shakes his head and is joined by an older woman. There are deep lines at the corners of her mouth and her apron is smeared with red that varies from bright crimson to dull rust. Charlie asks for Jesse again, louder, in case they didn’t hear him the first time. They keep talking, glancing down at him occasionally, but they don’t respond to his demands. The man reaches for the waistband of Charlie’s trousers. Charlie tries to brush them away, but they doggedly work at unfastening his suspenders. Memories flash through his mind of other groping hands, greedily trying to pull the clothing away from his body, and Charlie struggles harder. Jesse isn’t here to stop them this time. Panic claws up his throat when the man continues undeterred. Charlie