, wiping it on her leathers before it disappears inside her sleeve. The nugs end up tied to her belt.

Sera follows and picks the arrow, eying it. The tip's broken, but that can be fixed, so she slips it into the quiver. Cadash stares.

"What," says Sera. She always picks up her arrows. Always keeps her quiver full. There's lots of bad things around, and most of 'em need an arrow in the throat. But Cadash is still staring, like she did something wrong, so she adds, "For kindling and shit."

It's a bad excuse; there's enough firewood stored to last Haven through three winters. Cadash just raises an eyebrow and shrugs, saying, "Let's get a few more," so they start walking again.

Sera glances over her shoulder. Haven is a dark smudge in the distance, but there's plenty of movement in that little space. Lots of people. Lots of work. Sera likes it, more than she thought she would, and she knows it's because of Cadash. There's a hole in the sky, and the person who can do something about it actually gives a shit. Andraste did right, touching Cadash the way She did.

After a minute, Cadash says, "You know, I wasn't actually a smuggler."

"Everyone says you were."

"I worked for smugglers," says Cadash. She wipes at her nose with the back of her hand, sniffing. "There's a difference."

Sera looks at the scars. Thinks about how when Cadash walks through a crowd, everyone moves out of her way. How she talks to nobles. How she knows when to speak and when to say nothing at all.

"Knockin' on doors, then," Sera guesses. "Making sure people pay your people."

Cadash points at the sky, nodding. "Family business."

"Must be nice," Sera mutters. There's always people who like to play, but most don't stick around for long. Sounds like Cadash had a whole family with her all the time. Sera knows jealousy like she knows hunger, and it stings hot and awful in her belly.

If Cadash notices, she doesn't say. She just shrugs and says, almost to herself, "It's what I know."

Sera feels the sadness in Cadash's voice like it's her own, and that's not right. Someone like Cadash should never stop smiling. She plucks another arrow from her quiver and taps Cadash's shoulder with it.

"Bet you ten silvers I can hit the next one through the eye."

"I'm not taking that bet," says Cadash, but she's grinning, and Sera can hear the laughter underneath. "You'd bleed me dry, girl."

"Girl," Sera sputters. That's what old men call her when they catch her thieving or talking to their servants. Not lovely dwarves with quick hands and sharp tongues.

"I hear you're never quite the agreeable girl," says Cadash. She's not singing, but the notes are still there, rattling along in Sera's head. "And your tongue tells tales of rebellion?"

Sera groans, head hanging low. That damn song. She's heard it at least twice a day for a week by now. "Fuck that bard."

"Aw, I like it." Cadash tips her head back and belts out, "She's a rogue and a thief / And she'll tempt your fate."

She doesn't have a bard's voice, but it's still nice to listen to, especially when Cadash looks at her and grins. Sera feels warm all over, even with the wind biting into her skin. "You skipped a few verses."

"Oh, shit," says Cadash, slapping her forehead. "I'll have to start all over again. Sera was never quite an agreeable girl—"

Sera gives up and lets her sing, loud enough that all the nugs run for the hills.

*

Skyhold's a nice place, and Cadash has the best room. Nicest view, too.

Sera sprawls in the center of the biggest bed she's ever seen, stretching her arms above her head. She's all sweaty and tired, knees wonky, and there's still something fluttering in her belly, making her nervous. It was good; she knows that. Made sure of it. Cadash came twice before Sera took her leggings off, swearing like a sailor with her thighs tight around Sera's ears.

"Never had a tumble with a dwarf," Sera tells the ceiling.

Cadash snorts. She's standing at her desk, naked, studying a line of liquor bottles. Sera takes a peek and sighs. Maker, what an arse.

"Heard that one before."

"Oh."

The word sits on Sera's tongue, taking up too much space. She stretches and scratches her belly, trying to get rid