it spills over his tongue and he’s practically doubled over.  Francis seems to have forgotten to be charming again, because he snorts and when Arthur glances at him through his tears and his smile is crooked.  He thinks to himself that Francis is more beautiful when he doesn’t think about it.   He thinks to himself about how badly he wants to kiss him.
Francis breathes shakily, laughter caught in his throat.  He smiles without his teeth, saying nothing.  Arthur tries to look away, but sunlight paints strips of gold in his hair and creates flecks of light in his eyes while smoke dances before his face.
Francis’ smile fades.  He blinks a few times, as if to clear his vision.  Sunlight catches between his blond eyelashes.
“Oh, Arthur,” He reaches out, then his palm is pressed to Arthur’s cheek and his thumb hovers over his bottom lip, “What am I going to do with you?”

 

Alice gets home late.  Bags weigh under her eyes and stray hairs hang in her face.  She  drops to the couch.
“I’m exhausted,”  She breaths.  Arthur takes a long sip of tea, watching her throw her head over the couch.  She closes her eyes and holds her hand over them.
“Work was bad, then?”
“No, no.  It was fine, I’m just...tired.”  She started to undo her hair, letting it fall off the back of  the couch in thick strands.  Arthur wishes he wanted to go sit next to her and kiss her, because it would make her feel better.  But he can’t bring himself to move, situated in his armchair.
“And you and Alfred got supper?”  She asked, peeking through her hands.
“Yeah, yeah.  Don’t worry about it.”
She propped herself up, arching her back, “Well, love, I’m off to bed.”  On her way towards the stairs, she stopped before Arthur.  He looked up at her, cradling his steaming mug of tea.  She smiled softly, and leant down to kiss him on the cheek.  Her eyelashes fluttered against his skin, hair tickling his neck, “I love you.”
“I...love you, too.”  Arthur whispered, eyes caught in the mess of blonde dancing before him.  

Now that Alice was working again, Alfred had to spend more time at Mathieu’s.  Francis was glad to babysit, telling them Alfred was a delight.   He’d have dinner prepared whenever Arthur came to pick his son up.
“Please, stay.”  Francis would always say, even though Arthur always was.
He started telling Alice she didn’t need to prepare dinner for them, that Arthur would manage it himself.  He’d always been a terrible cook, never allowing him to make dinner himself.  Alice had looked at him skeptically before agreeing.
Not having food in the house was a perfect excuse.

Alice was cooking when there was a knock on the door.  She had insisted on hosting dinner, seeing as they always ate at Francis’ house.  He had given her that perfect smile and agreed.
“Come in, then.”  Arthur propped open the door.
“Merci,”  Francis pushed past him, setting down the bottle of wine he was cradling on the coffee table.  Mathieu stood at his heels.  He stared up at Arthur through pale eyelashes, fists clenched into Francis’ jeans.
Alice smiled from where she stood over the stove, and shouted for Alfred.  He practically flew down the stairs, grabbed Mathieu’s hand, and pulled him back up.  Francis laughed as they raced up the stairs, fingers interlocked.
“He’s good for Mathieu.”  He says, “He’s never had a friend, like this.  A best friend.”
Alice smiles, “Matt is a good boy.  Alfred’s lucky to have him.”
Francis smiles, and runs a hand through his hair.  Some curls catch in his fingers.  Arthur takes his place back at the couch.
“Mathieu is so...shy, it’s hard for him.”  Francis elaborates, sitting down, too close to Arthur.  He throws his arm over the back of the couch, almost like it’s around his shoulders.  And, that sucks, because now Arthur wants to lean his head on his chest.
Instead, he watches his profile.  A straight nose, blue eyes decorated with blond eyelashes, the curve of his chin and his narrow neck and those thick pink lips.  His hand inches closer until it rests over Arthur’s shoulder.  His smell is intoxicating, like expensive cologne.  Arthur usually thinks that’s unattractive but he drinks it in like an addict.
Alice summons them to the table, setting out plates full of steaming food.  Francis lays his napkin over his thigh and brushes back his hair.
“This looks magnifique.”  He smiles, and Alice smiles back.
Francis eats slowly, periodically lifting his napkin to wipe his perfectly clean mouth.  He and Alice chat absentmindedly, him with his hands and her behind her mug of tea.  Arthur is silent.
Alice pours the wine