my arms.

“Please Li….” And I’ve never been good at resisting him so I climb into bed with him. I try to keep my distance and turn on my side but I immediately turn into the little spoon as Niall tightly grips around my waist and pulls so that his chest is up against my back. I’ve never been a good small spoon so I turn to my back and enjoy the feeling of Niall snuggling into the crook of my shoulder with my arm around him. “Goodnight Li” Niall says as he kisses my chest through his shirt. “Goodnight babe” I say as I kiss his head feeling his breath even out almost immediately.

I wake up after a rough night of restless sleep. I realize that I’m hot and there’s something heavier than usual on my chest. I look down and realize that weight is Niall. Niall, and the tightness in my chest that had loosened through the years as I realized that being in love with Niall was never going to become anything. Feeling him completely wrapped in me and having him be so affectionate with me last night has stirred up feelings I never wanted to dig up again. Almost losing him was enough, if he continues this, I don’t know how my heart is going to take it.

In an attempt to maintain some of the inner peace I pretend to have found through the years I slowly unwind myself from Niall’s grip and move to the kitchen to make breakfast and clear my head.

I’m making breakfast, Niall’s favorite of blueberry pancakes, cheese eggs, and bacon I’m suddenly seized from behind. Niall wraps his arms around my waist and hooks his chin over my shoulder. “Morning babe.” And I’m pretty sure my heart and breathing have stopped. Not knowing how to behave I aim for as normal as possible even though this is the furthest thing away from normal and the closest to fantasy I’ve ever gotten. “You’re up early.” I say as I take one hand and wrap it in his. “I got lonely without you and it smelled so good out here. I knew there was a reason we’re together, besides you being gorgeous, caring, and all around amazing. I don’t know what I did to get you but memory or not, I’m going to try my hardest to keep you. Best boyfriend ever.” He says this nonchalantly and like it’s just another day and like we say these things to each other multiple times an hour. He does not say this the way he should have, like I’ve wanted him to say this for the last three years and had given up on all love pretty sure it’d never happen. I turn around as he smacks my bum and steals a few of the berries I had reserved for the pancakes. I can’t be bothered with that or my facial expression because I’m sure it’s one of shock as I stare at Niall speechless. I must be asleep, or dead and in heaven because this can’t be my life.

Ok, Earth to Liam, I have to figure this out. Obviously Niall thinks that we are together, like in a relationship, like I am his boyfriend which is what I want more than anything in the world but he is incorrect. I have 2 options here, I could tell him we are just friends, best mates though, but that’s all and have been that for years. Or… I could just go with it, something I’ve wanted for years and something that this Niall doesn’t seem to have an issue with. In fact, he things I’m ‘gorgeous, caring, and all around amazing’. That must count for something, he couldn’t’ have developed that opinion overnight, it must have come from somewhere. Maybe he feels the same way I do, deep down in there? Probably not. In which case, this is wrong, I shouldn’t deceive him like this but fuck, I’m so in love with him I can’t breathe most days but look at him. The joggers so low slung on his hips that he obviously has nothing on underneath them, the V that leads up to his beautiful bare chest. The flat, blond hair and beautiful blue eyes that I can’t get enough of. The big beautiful smile that brought me into this mess. “Thanks for breakfast Li.” Niall pulls me in by my shirt and gives me a quick peck on the lips. A sweet, warm, fucking amazing kiss that makes my decision for me. He pulls away and tries to walk away but I grab him by his waist and pull him back into me, arms wrapped around him from behind the same way he had walked up to me minutes ago. I kiss his neck and cheek playfully until he’s giggling and squirming. “That tickles Li!” I turn him around in my arms and kiss him again on the lips. “Sorry babe, couldn’t help it. “

“