answer my question!” Chris shouts. “We saw fire and smoke coming from downtown. But other than that everything looked normal.” Emilia answers for me. Suddenly the classroom door is swung open and to my surprise it’s my brothers. Roger and Daniel ask if I’m alright in their block-headed and insulting ways, constantly calling me Housewife or Shorty which is extremely irritating. Alex is continuously apologizing to me on their behalves. Now that I know my brothers are save I start to think more about the outbreak. It’s a good thing we live in the countryside even though this school’s at the edge of the suburbs. Out of nowhere the ground starts to shake under us and we drop to our hands and feet, well everyone other than me. I fell face first and was flattened on the ground thanks to my terrible balance. “What the hell’s going on!!?” Roger yells extremely pissed off. “Look!” I mumble, fear taking away my voice. I was already peering through the window with wide eyes. The others rush to the window to see what I’m staring at and gasp at the sight before them. The entire city was in flames and the cause of the earthquake was a huge plane crashing a few kilometers from the school. “Damn it! What’s going on?! You’re telling me an outbreak can cause a whole city to go up in flames!?” Daniel squeals. “Not just Toranko, the entire world! Look at the news!” Alex says, pointing at his phone. We all huddle around him and watch. “An epidemic has happened worldwide. Nobody know how or when it started. The world’s top scientists are working to try to find out how and make a cure. Number of casualties are still unconfirmed…” The news lady says right before screams fill the classroom. The six of us swing around to see the cause of the commotion. One of the girls in my class was getting munched on by a second year guy. What the actual hell!! Z-z-zombie!! A freaking zombie. “Zombie!” Chris cries. “Leave it to the video game geek to say what everyone’s already thinking. Ahaha…” Emilia jokes and laughs nervously. The nibbled on girl drops to the ground and starts shaking and foaming at the mouth. The zombie second year then looks at us and growls then dashes at us! I never thought zombies could run that fast! Hell that thing’s faster than me! And I’m in the track n’ field team! What is this!? Dawn of the Dead?! “Crap!” Roger screams as the zombie jumps at him. Weapon. Weapon. Weapon! Need a weapon! I look towards the teacher’s table and see a pair of long scissors. I dash towards the table, grab the scissors, pull up in front of Roger and tackle the zombie. I then continuously stab the zombie in the eyes and threw the head until it stops moving. “I-is that what you become when you get infected?” Chris shakily asks. I rub my bloody hands on my skirt and look at the others. “I guess you die from the virus then come back as this.” I shrug off, kicking the zombie to show that ‘this’ meant it. As if on cue, everyone in the class, excluding the six of us, started coughing and dropping to the ground. I guess we have a strong resistance to it or something, although Daniel’s sick. I hope he’ll be okay. It was stupid for him to come here with a weak immune system. I’m pulled out of my daydream when the nibbled girl got up and gnarled at us. “We’ve gotta get out of here before everyone becomes like that and attacks us.” Alex states as we all nod in agreement. We run towards the classroom door but the zombie girl was in the way so I had to tackle and kill it. We dart down the halls, every now and then I tackle and kill some zombies. After we finally get out of the school building we head to Alex’s car and drive towards my countryside home.

                                                                                                                                                        One month later...........

I slither threw a long sleeve shirt, pull on long pants, load my five seven and slide two katana swords on my back. I tuck a combat knife in my belt and tuck in my shirt. I wear boots about five inches above my ankles and tie the laces three times. Long pants, check. Gun, check. Loaded…..I check again to see if it’s loaded, check. Ammo, check. Long boots, check. Swords, check. Combat knife, check. Long sleeved shirt, check. Looks like everything’s perfect. I look at the mirror and smile. “Hey Shorty! Hurry up!” Roger shouts. “Coming! And would you stop calling me that already!” I yell back. I run out of our house and see everyone’s ready. I give them all a goofy smile then Emilia points at me out of nowhere