on a task, we can always use a trained warrior in the barracks.  Many of our best captains fell during the war, and I believe there would be much you could teach our soldiers and guards.”

Glorfindel considered the invitation as he helped Arwen scoop peas a few at a time onto her plate by holding the bowl at an angle for her.  “I would like to visit the barracks first, and speak to the officers you currently have.  I think it is important to work to improve the current training, and not to seem as if I am going to take over.”  His gaze followed Elrohir as he watched him carry a plate from the table and out of the room.  Elrond said something about introducing him to the captains the next day, but Glorfindel hardly caught the details.  He listened and counted the steps he heard as Elrohir walked down the hallway and finally knocked on a door.

When Elrohir returned, Glorfindel listened intently to everything he said, just in case there was the slightest mention of Erestor.  By the end of the meal, he realized just how badly he’d been bitten by the love bug when he made the excuse that he had thought he had seen a mouse in the hallway in order to trace back Elrohir’s steps to find the door.

There were lamps burning in the room from the light under the door, but Glorfindel did not dare knock, did not dare breathe, as he stood outside for just a moment.  Shortly thereafter, he retreated back down the hall to report back his findings, and that it had likely been a shadow.

 

It was past midnight when Glorfindel woke.  He thought he had heard a knock on his door, but it was so faint that he listened with uncertainty.  Then, just as faintly, there was the sound of something being set upon the floor.  He shoved off the blankets and rushed to the door.  When he yanked the door open, all he found on the other side of the door was a vase with paper flowers in it.

His first thought was that Arwen had paid him a visit, but when he lifted the vase he could tell that the craft was well mastered.  The flower petals were rolled back, and the centers were adorned with tiny pearls and gems.  Glorfindel found a note on the floor, tucked under the vase.  He picked it up and unfolded it after he set the vase on the nightstand.


I am terribly sorry if I kept you waiting tonight.  Two of my pupils are falling behind in their studies and I needed to revise my plans for the next two weeks.  Please accept this as a token of apology; I hope it will brighten your morning. –Eres


 

Glorfindel grinned foolishly at the note before he set it beside the vase.  He put quickly put on a robe and crept down the hallway.  From where he stood at the top of the stairs, he heard the sound of a door closing.  Now he raced down the steps, lest he reach Erestor’s door after he went to bed.

Unexpectedly, Glorfindel found Erestor sitting in the parlor when he reached the bottom of the stairs.  “Sorry, I did not mean to wake you,” apologized Erestor.  He was on the sofa previously used by Glorfindel as a bed.  He held a small plate of white chocolate, cranberries dipped in dark chocolate, and soft cheese.  It was resting on one knee, while a book sat unopened in his lap.  The dog was at his feet, on his back with three of his four paws in the air.

“I was not really asleep,” lied Glorfindel.

Erestor held up the plate.  “Hungry?”

Glorfindel wanted to say yes, and take the plate away.  Then he wanted to straddle Erestor, and taste the chocolate on his tongue.  He wanted to test all of his senses, and feel more alive than he had in two lives.  Instead, he shook his head.

“Are you sure?  It comes from Gondor.  They make the best chocolate there.”  Erestor held the plate out further, and Glorfindel selected one of the smaller pieces from it.  “If you want more, help yourself.”  Erestor moved his legs to give Glorfindel room on the sofa, and after pretending to look for a place to sit, Glorfindel settled down on the other end of the sofa.

“This is good,” he admitted after he ate the chocolate.  Erestor lifted the plate, and Glorfindel took another piece.  “Thank you for the flowers.  They are really lovely.”

“I feel terrible that I did not make it up to see you.  The boys were especially excited about all of it.”  Erestor sighed loudly.  “I have a full schedule tomorrow, but I would like to make it up to all of you the day after.”

“No worries.  I am sure they understand.”

Erestor cleared his throat, harkening an obvious subject chance.  “Elrond told me that you might join the army here.”

“Is that a bad thing?” worried Glorfindel.

Erestor shrugged as he picked at the items on the plate.  “I just thought you were still interested in learning a bit of modern history.  I am