down the stairs.

Your mother was still waiting. She had the cordless phone in her hand in the living room. She had the news on the television, turned down to silent so that the blue and ivory colours shifted over her face like the underwater glow of an aquarium tank, and she was just another poefaced fish - with shiny eyes and a mouth that flapped for air. You thought of the fish you had for dinner. I know this because I was on your mind.  

Your father returned as he had always done so, but you realised then that there was those out there in the shadows who might dare to stop that and, now that you knew me, you saw me and became familiar with my features.

I was in the evening news in cordoned off houses and taped outlines, knives in vacuum sealed bags and circled stains; in the rows of cemeteries on the hillsides with their stone cupboards full of ash and bone; in the plimsolls left on the rooftop when that boy that nobody talks about anymore got tired of bullies that followed him home in his falling grades; in the sudden crackling announcement of a train delayed for rail-track cleaning; and, when you were nine, in a drop of sarin the size of a pinhead that kept your father away for a week; and then another week more when the chief of the NPA was shot near his own house.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! He was shot four times, the chief before your father. 

Don’t people do terrible things to each other? You know, occasionally, I feel that I can understand the sentiment behind all this deliberate mutual removal business.  In a world as crowded and full of people such as yours, sometimes you just need some elbow room, don’t you? Let's call it 'breathing space', simply to be and to, for a moment, feel irreplaceable.

Then as you grew it got a little more complicated. Life tends to do that , because unlike me life is deceptive, mischievous and enjoys constantly surprising. The joke of life is, very much, on you.

Your father carried a gun. He never brought it home but you knew because he used it frequently enough, or had practised it enough in the preparation of using it frequently, to have hardened, shiny calluses on his fingers. Sometimes he came back and he wouldn’t look you in the eye but he would take a long hard look at his hands.

Your father might not have shot to kill but he could have, and we both know that so long as he values you and your sister and coming home to your mother, when the situation came down to it, he would have, so there I was - in the lines of his hands as well. I touched you with every page of his files that you turned through on the kitchen table when you thought he wasn’t looking, then later with his permission, and then finally on his request.

But with the gun your father carried you realised that there were some people who deserved to be shot. Some murder was permissible, so long as enough people approved of it. Your father said it was self-defence in the same breath he showed you and your little sister simple judo for getting out of a chokehold. If you were protecting what you valued and what you valued was right then it was the right and honourable thing to do to defend them.

Your father valued the law and he valued you, but with every night your mother waited by the phone and with every sudden call from a hospital, sometimes you couldn't help but suspect that he valued the law more than you – it was not surprising then if you imagined that in becoming the law he would finally value you more, but I digress.

I go by another guise here and you came to know that young too: Execution, capital punishment, the hangman’s noose, the special chair – admittedly, it’s something of a throne to me.

You were nine when the men of those long sarin days were sentenced to death and you were seventeen when you killed each and every one of them in their cells.

 Some people deserved to die. Why was the world taking so long? Eight years since three men walked into the Tokyo underground with seven bags of liquid sarin, wrapped in newspaper like bouquets, and stabbed them open on the trains. Eight years since May of the same year that hydrogen cyanide canisters were found in Tokyo stations for another deadlier attack. Eight years since a bomb was sent to the Governor of Tokyo’s office and blew off five of his secretary’s fingers. Eight years since arrests were made and death sentences promised – and yet! The hand was stayed. Why?

There was nothing wrong in hurrying others my way if the cause was just, if the cause was agreed upon by the many, if the vengeance was approved and taken upon as a collective responsibility on behalf of the victims. There was nothing wrong in removing them from the living if there was one less shadow on a street corner, waiting to shoot down your father - bang, bang