already home.

“Why didn’t you take the poop-scoop?” he asked when Jensen walked in.

Jensen scowled. “Well if you’d told me I needed to take it instead of hanging up on me, I would’ve. I got yelled at. By a really angry old black woman. It’s not funny, Jared.” Jensen dumped the dogs’ leads and let them go and knock Jared over with their excitement and enthusiasm.

“It’s a little funny,” Jared said, as he hugged the mutts and then wrangled them into the back yard with a skill that Jensen had yet to develop.

“You need to take me shopping,” Jensen said once Jared was back inside.

Jared raised an eyebrow. “Why?”

Jensen stalked right up to Jared and got in his face. “I have four outfits, Jared. Four. And you broke the button on my best jeans and your filthy mutts knocked over a bunch of trash cans and I got disgusting smelly garbage all over these jeans. I need more clothes.”

Jared raised an eyebrow. “Wash those jeans. Sew the button back on the other ones.”

Jensen’s mouth fell open. “I don’t sew! And I can’t survive with only four outfits.”

“Sure you can,” Jared said easily.

Jensen produced an epic bitchface. “You bought out my debt because you think I’m a hot piece of ass. And I am,” Jensen stripped off his leather jacket and ran his hands seductively over his torso. Jared licked his lips. “But it takes effort to look this good,” Jensen said, prowling with sensual intent toward Jared. “I need more clothes. And some decent hair product.”

Jared swallowed hard. He looked hungrily at Jensen’s nipples, visible through his tight white tee-shirt and then made a very obvious effort to look away.

When he looked back at Jensen, the heat in his eyes was banked and his lips were a thin flat line. “I’m not rich, Jen,” he said tightly, his shoulders rigid with tension. “Unlike you I’ve never had a billionaire Daddy to give me a Black Amex. I’ve had to work real fucking hard for every cent I’ve ever earned.  And you know what I did with my savings, Jen? I gave every cent I had to The Beast so that he wouldn’t put a bullet in your brain. And even then, it wasn’t enough. I still owe him thirty grand. Which is why I had to give him the prize money you won. So don’t start asking me to buy you shit. I ain’t your sugar Daddy and you ain’t my kept boy.”

It hadn’t actually occurred to Jensen to wonder how Jared had managed to buy out his debt. He had, after all, stolen one hundred thousand dollars from Pellegrino, and Jensen might have been guilty as charged on the billionaire Daddy front, but he was aware that was a lot of money. And Jared was younger than he was, and a foster kid. And okay, sure, he was also the VP of an outlaw bikers’ club and no doubt had some ill-gotten gains to supplement his regular income, but still, one hundred grand was a lot of money.

Jensen dropped the attempt at seductive manipulation immediately.

“Okay,” he said, running a hand through his hair. “Firstly, thank you. I don’t think I said that yet. I appreciate the lack of bullet in my brain. Secondly, the way you’ve been demanding sex, you can see what I’d be a little confused on the whole ‘kept boy’ issue. And thirdly, I have money. I don’t actually need yours. In fact, I could give you the thirty grand you still owe Pellegrino if you want.”

Jared shook his head. “Your daddy cut off all your credit cards, remember?”

Jensen smirked. “Yeah. But you didn’t seriously think I wasn’t prepared for that, did you? I’ve got my own bank account that my parents know nothing about.”

Jared sat down on the arm of the sofa and folded his arms across his chest. “Is that where you put the money you stole?”

Jensen crossed to sit in the armchair opposite Jared. “Yeah. Not all of it. I put most of it in there, a bit at a time over a few years so I wouldn’t get tripped up by the anti-money laundering laws in the Patriot Act. And some of it I gave to people.”

“People?” Jared raised an eyebrow.

Jensen got out his cigarettes and lit up. “Yeah. People.”

“Lovers?” Jared said teasingly.

Jensen drew back and then shook his head.  

“Then who? C’mon Jen. You look embarrassed. Who’d you give it do? Nuns? Hookers? Who?”

Jensen rolled his eyes. “The household staff, if you must know.”

Jared’s