quickly closes the door in hopes that no one saw them. 

"I know you’re trying to distract me," Kakashi says, trapping her against the door. He knows that she’s always been aware of the effect she has on him. He’s worried about her but at the same time, he’s missed being with her too much to stop himself. “But you can’t keep working until you’re so depleted. It isn’t healthy.”

 

Sakura raises an eyebrow. “And if I don’t?”

 

"I don’t want to have to punish you,” Kakashi teases as he pulls down his mask, a move that always distracts her; he takes the opportunity to seize her wrists and press them above her head. As Hokage, he could easily put her on suspension and force her to slow down, but he knows he could never do that. “But, I think we can come to a compromise.”

 

Sakura bites her bottom lip in thought. ”You obviously came here with a plan."

 

Kakashi shrugs, eyes gleaming with a certain twinkle. "Must there always be a motive?” He squeezes her hip with his free hand, lets go of her wrists. "Maybe I just really love you and worry,” he murmurs.

 

Sakura places her finger to her chin and hums. "Nope, that's not it." She laughs at his pout. "Out with it. What do you want?"

 

"How about a tiny wager?” He smirks.

 

“You pervert.” Sakura laughs and smacks his chest playfully.

 

“How do you know its something perverted?”

 

Sakura crosses her arms. “Well, is it?”

 

“Well…you’re not entirely wrong,” Kakashi trails off. “Remember that time at the hot springs?”

 

Of course Sakura remembers. She’s sure her cheeks are reddening at the thought. He skims his fingertips over her collarbone. “Mm…”

 

"Remember what you told me?” Kakashi’s hands skim lower, tracing over the swell of her breasts. She shives at the feeling of his warm breath on her neck, leans into his touch. Kakashi places his knee between her thighs, and she can’t help but grind against him, giving a muted groan.

 

"You said," Kakashi pauses to kiss her neck, ”that you could last longer than me, even if you didn’t try.”

 

"I can," Sakura says, arching against him and gasping as he nips her flesh.

 

“Well, let’s see if you’re right.” Kakashi pushes the strap to her dress off her shoulder. "If I win, you have to take off the next seven days.”

 

Sakura feels herself recoil slightly. "To hell with that! That’s not going to happen. So, what do I get when I win?"

 

Kakashi finds it amusing that she chose to say ‘when’, not ‘if’. Her confidence always has been a turn on. “If you win, you need to only take off two.”

 

"Doesn't sound like I win either way.”

 

“So, want to take the bet?” Kakashi asks, giving an amused smile.

 

"You know I can't say no to a bet." Sakura grins. If there’s one habit she wishes she hadn’t picked up from Tsunade, it’s definitely a love of gambling and chance. But like her master, Sakura rarely lost, and she didn’t intend to lose now.

 

"We could go home and be back by midnight," Kakashi suggests as he walks towards the door. But Sakura stops him.

 

“Mhm,” she hums, pausing to lick her lips, reaching down to trace her fingertips over his cock, “Problem?”

 

Kakashi swallows heavily. “On your friend’s bed?”

 

“Well, she and Sai christened my bed last year," Sakura laughs. “Fair is fair, right?” She walks toward Ino’s bed and looks over her shoulder with an impish smile. “Well, are you going to just stand there? Or should I undress myself?”

 

Kakashi wastes no time in practically tearing the skimpy dress off of Sakura’s body. The minute it hits the ground, he pushes her onto the bed, savoring the way she gasps as he trails kisses down her spine. If she didn't have a problem fucking in her best friend’s bed, who was he to deny her vengeance?

 

Kakashi pauses to tug her panties off. “Touch yourself,” he mutters in her ear, eager to see her come undone. A shiver rockets down Sakura’s spine at his command; she reaches between her legs and starts to toy with her clit. She’s already wet for him, and a small fire is burning in her gut, but she won’t let herself come yet. The way she arches her back for him causes him to fumble as he undoes his belt.

 

Sakura cries when Kakashi suddenly shoves two fingers inside, his thumb reaching forward to rub her clit in harsh, short strokes, just the way she likes it