“Junmyeon, I can't sleep.” Sehun whined, gently pushing at Junmyeon’s shoulder to wake him up. He opened his eyes slowly and took in the scene, Baekhyun standing behind Sehun as well. 

“I- What?” Junmyeon asked confusedly, voice husky from sleep. His mind still wasn't functioning as he was interrupted from a deep sleep. 

“I need you to help me fall asleep and Baekhyun was awake too, so he's coming with us.” Sehun said, slipping onto the bed next to Junmyeon. The bed dipped beneath his weight and another added weight as Baekhyun got in next to Sehun.

“You might as well have just let me stay in the room with you if we're just gonna go into each other's rooms all the time.” Junmyeon responded, turning over to face Sehun and intertwine his body with the other. Baekhyun did the same, wrapping his arm around the younger’s waist. Sehun sighed contentedly, being warm and comfortable between the two even though he would probably wake up sweaty later. 

“Anyways, Baekhyun.. Junmyeon, can you sing something for me? It’ll help me fall asleep faster.” Sehun asked, Junmyeon was already used to this type of request from sharing a room with him for years and sleeping in bed with the younger. 

“Can we sing anything?” Baekhyun questioned the younger, not really knowing what to sing. He soothingly rubbed Sehun’s stomach, aware that the younger had been in pain lately even if he didn't speak about it. 

“Yeah, sure.” Sehun said, closing his eyes resting his head against Junmyeon’s chest. Sehun playfully smacked his arm when Junmyeon jokingly started singing “Growl,” Baekhyun laughing at Junmyeon’s ability to joke even though he's tired. 

Junmyeon started to hum the words to “My Answer” and Baekhyun joined in when he realized what song they were singing, softly harmonizing with the other. Sehun snuggled against Junmyeon’s side, listening to the rhythmic beating of his heart and the rumble of his chest as he hummed. Baekhyun nuzzled his face into Sehun’s broad back, the warmth of his breath fanning against the skin as he sang. 

Sehun shifted onto his back, trying to get more comfortable. Junmyeon brought his hand up and began to run his fingers through Sehun’s short hair, massaging his scalp. Baekhyun began tracing the contour of Sehun’s sharp facial features dazedly and the younger smiled, satisfied with the affection from his members. 

Somewhere between “For Life” and “Sing For You,” Junmyeon noticed Sehun starting to doze off. His breath started to even out and he stopped fidgeting and moving around, now resting around Baekhyun’s side. Baekhyun and Junmyeon laid like that for a while until Baekhyun’s voice started to fade out into soft breaths. Junmyeon sat up and pressed his lips gently to Sehun’s forehead and leaned across the youngest member to brush Baekhyun’s hair away from his forehead and do the same. 

“Goodnight Sehun, Baekhyun.” Junmyeon whispered, wrapping his arm around Sehun’s middle and resting his head against the pillow. His eyes closed as he fell into another deep sleep filled with warmth and feelings of happiness.