in time for the snap. I smiled wide when the photo was captured. Niall realized what happened and his mouth gaped open. "What did you do that for?"

I just smiled. Then, his lips broke into a smile before he started hitting me playfully. "Hey, hey that hurts." I took his hands, "One hit stands for one kiss, this time on the lips. Now, do you like a kiss, Niall?"

He just scowled at me before prying his hand away. I smirked before walking up to the guard and taking my phone back. "Thank you,"

I set ZJ down. "Come on, let's resume strolling around." I told them and we started walking around again. This time, another thing caught ZJ's attention. Well, more like things. He was looking by the window that displayed a lot of art supplies. He stuck his face against the window glass while his mouth was open. My curiosity perked up and I turned to Niall to ask him in disbelief, "ZJ has an interest in art?"

"You're the father. Of course, he's going to have an interest in art. You love art. Actually, both of you loves art, though he always choose to eat when I told him I'm going to buy him some supplies thus he doesn't have that much materials."

I nodded. My baby boy loves art just like me, I grinned. I'm going to support that. I wasn't able to do what I wanted because things happened but this I'll support what he loves. I want him to do the things I couldn't do for myself, I want him to do what he wants to and I don't want him to end up like me. So, I walked up to him. "ZJ, do you like those things?"

"Yeah, but daddy told me they were pricey so I ask daddy to buy me food instead." ZJ confessed, fiddling with his fingers as he stared at me and to the ground.

"Then, baby, do you want to know your prize since you ate like a good boy?" I questioned him then he cocked his brow at me until his lips stretched into a smile. "What is it, Mr. Zayn?"

"Come on, let's go inside first." I took his hand which he interlaced with my fingers. I gaze back at Niall and gestured for him to follow us as we went inside the art supplies store. The store clerk and guard greeted us with warm smiles before I bent down to cup ZJ's face. "Baby, here's Mr. Zayn's gift for you, you can buy anything as much as you want. Even buy those things at the windows. As long as you promise me, you're going to make an art of me, is that okay?"

ZJ's eyes went wide while his lips were parted in shock, "Really, Mr. Zayn? Are you sure? Daddy said these stuffs were pricey."

"I'm sure, baby, now let's choose what you want, yeah?" ZJ nodded and I took a basket from the guard and we both went around the store. ZJ took some paint brushes and paint first as he looked at me warily. "You can take them, baby, no need to ask permission. Just put them here in the basket if you want them, I will handle it."

ZJ smiled wide and it tugged my heart, I felt so happy that moment. For the first time, I was able to provide something that my son loves. He went around the store as I followed him behind, he took some pencils, crayons and color pencils. I asked him whether he was going to get a sketch book but he said Liam bought it for him, I shrugged off the Papa title aside. I don't want to spoil the moment.

"How about some canvas for painting, ZJ?" I asked raising the canvas that I got. "Okay!" He gave me thumbs up before I placed them into the basket. I called on the clerk to ask him to pack me a set of the ones displayed on the store. She obliged and went to the storage room.

"That's good, Mr. Zayn." I looked at the basket, it wasn't even half full but ZJ decided it was okay. Hm? Niall must've raised ZJ really good for my little boy to have control and be aware of how much things cost.

"Are you sure? You can get more. Don't worry. Mr. Zayn will pay not your daddy." I assured him, letting him look around the place for more things.

"Nope, it's really okay, Mr. Zayn, it's all I need." He replied before taking my hand again and urging me to go back ahead because he was fine with it already.

The clerk had the set in plastic bag as we gave her the basket. She scanned