hot and bothered. Before Castiel was even reaching for the can again, Dean was already shucking off his jacket. His hands found Cas’ hips instantly, fingertips breaching beneath the hem of his shirt and rubbing circles against the prominent protrusions there.

"We should probably make sure you like the chocolate syrup too. I don’t want you to ruin your ice cream," Dean muttered, dipping his head down to latch onto the other man’s Adam’s apple. Castiel’s deep laughter vibrated against his tongue, making him smile and grow bolder in his affections. His fingers splayed out against the flat planes of Cas’ stomach, mapping the lean muscle there while he continued to mouth at his throat.

"That is…a good idea. The best idea," Cas slurred, craning his neck back and smiling carelessly as he tangled his fingers in Dean’s short hair.

Dean laughed against Castiel’s neck, pecking at the hickey he’d created there before easing his shirt the rest of the way up until it was bunched beneath his armpits. He shoved him down gently and snagged the syrup bottle from the counter, flicking the cap open while taking a moment to appreciate the view of Cas sprawled out against the kitchen counter.

Castiel shivered as his bare back made contact with the cold steel and marveled over the tiny goosebumps that surfaced along his forearms as Dean prepped the bottle. By the time the hunter had managed to squeeze some of the chocolaty contents into one of the bowls, Cas was propping himself up on his elbows and watching with the utmost curiosity.

Green eyes locked on blues through dense lashes, lingering and tracing the contours of Castiel’s jaw and settling on his pouty, pink lips. Wordlessly, Dean stepped back between Cas’ legs with the bowl in hand. He dipped his index finger into the shallow pool of syrup and leaned forward, eclipsing the overhead light entirely.

“Open,” his voice was thick with desire yet still bursting with raw affection. The intoxicating combination made Cas shudder and grip at the edge of the island as he obliged and parted his lips further.

“So good for me, Cas,” Dean praised with a endearing smile, towering over the smaller man and delicately dragging his finger along Castiel’s lower lip before dipping it between them.

“Mmm,” Castiel hummed around the single digit and closed his eyes contently, savoring the sudden rush as the flavor ignited his taste buds one by one.

“You like that one too, baby?” Dean was still grinning. He carded his unoccupied hand through Cas’ thick, brown hair and licked his lips, just watching him as he sucked on his finger like his life depended on it.

Castiel nodded, squinted his eyes open, and smiled. “You should have some too,” he suggested, pulling off, “I…d-don’t want,” he hiccuped again and giggled. Actually giggled. “I don’t want you to ruin your ice cream, either.”

Dean didn’t need to be told twice.

Not a minute later, Castiel was gasping and writhing under Dean’s tongue. His chest rose and fell at a rapid yet controlled pace, blue eyes locked on Dean’s as the hunter licked a vertical stripe up the center of his abdomen. His hands that were previously keeping him grounded to the table shot straight to Dean’s head, dirty blond hair weaved between his slender fingers in a firm hold.

“You’re such a mess, babe,” Dean teased as though he was completely innocent, immediately contradicting his conviction by dripping a few more droplets of the syrup across Castiel’s chest.

Before Cas could muster a response, Dean advanced again, this time taking one of his nipples into his mouth and smearing the chocolate droplets with his tongue. Castiel’s breath caught in his throat at the stimulating sensation—the chill of the refrigerated chocolate topping and the warmth of Dean’s wet tongue—and tightened his grip.

"Dean," Castiel half groaned, half whined. He urged the other man up with a gentle tug of his hair and crushed their mouths together heatedly, his tongue easily penetrating Dean’s hot mouth and tangling with his own to taste the lingering chocolate. Cas moaned louder and raked his hands down the hunter’s back only to grip at the bottom of his shirt and hoist it over his head in a clumsy effort to rid him of his remaining clothing.

Seconds after Dean’s shirt was discarded completely, Castiel was sitting up and hopping off of the counter. His head was swimming from the alcohol but that didn’t stop him from roughly shoving Dean against the opposing surface and pinning him to the sink. Determined, Cas immediately began to fumble with the button and fly of his hunter’s jeans while pressing hot, sloppy kisses to his neck and shoulder, only pulling back briefly when Dean lifted his own shirt off the rest of the way.

Dean smirked anxiously at his lover’s eagerness, his pleasure manifesting itself as a low, content hum and unabashed gropes against Castiel’s denim clad backside.

“I think I,” Cas paused