stands Makoto, brushing back his hair and ready at the register.

Haru takes a seat at the counter, the same one as the last time and before he can order a chamomile tea Makoto is exclaiming about his wet hair.

“Wait here, I’ll be right back.”

The barista disappears into the back, and Haru can hear him shuffling about before the door clicks shut. It opens just about five seconds later to reveal Makoto with a fluffy green towel in his hands.

“You’ll catch a cold if you don’t dry your hair!”

Haru begins to grumble about how it doesn’t matter, he loves water anyway, but it doesn’t stop the brunet from moving towards him.

He sighs and starts to raise his hand to take the towel, only to feel it drop over his head and two large hands massaging his scalp. Haru stiffens, unsure.

“Was it raining outside? It didn’t seem like it. Did something happen to get you wet? Did you fall into a pu-”

“I swam.”

The hands on his head still for a good second, then resume the gentle rubbing motion. Makoto hums in response, leaves the air in between them silent save for the faint chime of the door once, and lets stillness of the now empty café settle in.

“I used to swim, too.” Makoto sounds unsure, uneasy. Haru doesn’t think he likes it. “I still do on occasion, but I…”

The barista doesn’t stop his hands as he trails off, leaving Haru waiting for the rest of the sentence. It never comes. Makoto coughs instead. He changes the focus to Haru, asking him all sorts of things about his swimming life.

Haru doesn’t press him for the rest of that sentence.

He does however, feel his eyelids droop as Makoto’s hands keep moving. Haru knows his hair’s dry by now but he makes no attempt to move away.

 

 

 

 

06

When asked, Haru usually goes with blue.

His eyes are blue. He wears a lot of blue. The ocean surface and the pool tiles are always blue.

He’s never questioned it, never really given it much thought. It should be simple, shouldn’t it?

Yet when Makoto asks him what his favourite colour is, he finds himself hesitating. Not saying the answer that had always come automatically throughout the years. Its at the tip of his tongue, but Haru knows its not the right answer.

He pushes it out anyway. Blue. The colour of his eyes, the colour of his sweater today, the colour of the sky outside.

The only thing in his mind is the shade of Makoto’s eyes.

Green.

The colour of the brunet’s eyes, the colour of his shirt today, the colour of nature outside.

That’s the answer that Makoto gives Haru when he returns the question. A reluctant and hesitant answer, just like his own.

Haru wonders if the brunet hesitated for the same reason as he did. Wonders if Makoto found beauty in some other colour. Wonders if he’s mesmerised by someone else’s eyes.

Wonders what colour it could be.

Makoto holds his gaze for a long while, green boring into his own blue, their self-proclaimed favourite colours. The reverie is broken when the chime jingles, and all too soon Haru’s found a new contender for his favourite colour.

It’s the pink on Makoto’s cheeks.

 

 

 

 

07

When Haru visits this time, he brings with him his sketchbook, metal case of pencils ranging from 2H all the way down to 8B arranged neatly and in order, and his notes for the exam coming up in two weeks.

He’s three steps into the café when he realises the voice coming from the register is not the one he’s used to. Bewildered, his eyes dart around until he spots a mop of dark red working the coffee machine.

Haru scowls.

Gripping his sling bag, Haru starts to reverse those three steps but nearly bumps into someone in the process.

“Oh! Sorry!”

Haru’s eyes are level with the person’s collarbone as he mumbles his apology when wait –

He looks up into green eyes.

“Haru!”

He’s definitely not leaving now.

 

While Makoto goes to the back to put down his things, Haru holds Rin’s glare until he’s settled himself on his usual seat. He feels particularly smug today, though he isn’t sure why. He might even order hot water again.

Rin refuses to take his order, waiting for the brunet to emerge from the backroom to take it instead. Haru doesn’t mind. He prefers it that way.

The brunet’s out and taking his order in a minute. Haru wants to smile. Instead, he orders unsweetened chrysanthemum tea and a blueberry muffin.

There’s a somewhat child-like scribble of a cat’s face next to his name today.

When he looks up, Makoto quickly averts his gaze to the cake tray which is already neatly arranged. Haru sees