such a pathetic sound in rapture of an action that the pair had lived through on numerous occasions since their teenage years. It took everything in him not to writhe, to clench his fists and soldier through. Not even a three count. What an asshole. 

Dirk, meanwhile, was focused. Jake peered at him from under the crook of his elbow, the way that his unnaturally golden eyes had honed on to the space where metal met flesh. His hands were swift, deft in their task, moving with the same amount of cool confidence as when he wielded the handle of a blade. The sharp curve of his snout was facing low, hair tied back in order to keep the lightly colored wisps from obstructing his view. He had to be careful. The last thing that either man would need would be a mechanical mishap leaving Jake out of order for another few days. He had already spent his last mission limping through on the unhinged limb. Dirk was the one whose eagle-eyed gaze had caught onto the crippling in his gait, forcing him to the wall for a field inspection. 

The result was another late night, mechanic's hands between Jake's legs and more reworking on the prosthetic limb than what Jake deemed at all necessary, the only covering available for the patient being a well-placed towel eclipsing his family jewels. The worst of the shooting pain was through. The first bolt always was the worst as his nerves readjusted to the synthetic replacement.  The springs groaned as Dirk moved, trying to get the others in as swiftly as he could. Jake appreciated his mindfulness in that regard. It was well-known between the two how much Jake despised being put in such a position, wasting their supplies in order to repair the parts of him that would never return. He felt a bare palm press against his knee. A glance was brought downwards, noting that Dirk had removed a glove, his thumb brushing soothing circles over his dark skin. A breath was exhaled slowly, and he closed his eyes again. 

Again, the whole situation was excessively intimate. Others would likely look upon with suspicious glances, how close Dirk insisted on drawing himself for the task, how naturally Jake seemed to fall onto his back when that gloved hand touched his chest. The touches always seemed to linger a moment longer than what was needed, the eye contact held until it bordered on too much, which resulted usually in Jake pulling away in a forced yawn or Dirk suddenly catching a cough. 

He felt his leg (the one of flesh and bone) being pushed upwards, forcing Jake to turn partially onto his side in order to give his friend a better angle in his repairs. The gag had been removed, freeing up Jake's lips for casual conversation while kept in such a vulnerable position. His instincts, honed from his years of constant backwards glances and time in the heat of combat, always told him it was a poor choice to allow someone to get him into a position where he could easily be put in danger. If someone had a foul plan in their heads, it could easily be hatched when Jake left himself so readily open for a blade to the gut or a hand wrapped around his throat. He never felt that fear with Dirk. It was their silent form of trust, the deepness of their dependency, a detail that went unmentioned but painfully obvious in its intensity. 

Fingers trailed low, dancing over the exposed flesh of Jake's inner thigh, causing a gentle shiver to course through him.  There was a shift given by Jake, but not one noting the touch as unwelcome. Jake admired the well-defined muscles as they ceased shifting behind the pale, exposed skin of his arm, stilling in their motion as his attention turned elsewhere. His tongue darted over his lips. Jake replicated the motion. The curious hand continued in its journey, thumb running beneath the towel covering Jake for a brief instant before the Boy Wonder himself realized how his own heart pounded, knocking him out of the strange train of thought. He gulped, eyes snapping open to give a confused look to the man on his hips. "Erm. Dirk." A cough. Clearing the throat, aha. "What are you doing?" 

Dirk seemed momentarily struck. His hand slipped back, the peculiar haziness in his burning eyes seeming to lift. He was cool. It's all cool. "Nothin'," came the short, curt reply, then he returned to his duties. Another layer of mystery to the bond they shared, an added unmentionable that would go ignored for the next three years. The brunet sighed, head leaning back on the pillows as he let the momentary awkwardness fade back into the routine. The rough fingers moved back to the neutral zone of Jake's knee, and he continued in his work.

Another few minutes passed in silence, the only sound meeting Jake's ears being the buzz of city life beyond the wall of the inn. His gaze wandered around the room, to the man before him, then right on back to the translucent surface of the window. 

"Move your knee," Dirk ordered, voice smooth