’s asleep), food...anything and everything that he could want went into bag. They’ve got first class seats, so Jaden’s seat is a little pod that can be turned into a bed. It’s a god send since nap time for Jaden is the most important time of day for him.

At the airport Zayn takes care of getting Jaden through security while Liam takes care of their carry on bags. The line to get through security is a little backed up, so Zayn takes the time to have Jaden take off his jacket and shoes, so they don’t hold up the line when it’s their turn.

“Tickets and ID,” the security guy says when they get to the front.

Zayn hands over his passport with his ticket as well as Jaden’s. The guy looks at Zayn’s passport checking off what he needs before going to look at Jaden’s.

“One moment,” the guy says and calls over another security guard.

They talk quietly for a moment before the one looking at stuff nods, “Please step aside.”

“Why?” Zayn asks.

“Please sir step aside. Someone will be with you in a moment,” the security guard replies.

Zayn looks back at Liam who just shrugs.

Zayn leans over to talk to Jaden, “Stay with Daddy okay? I’ve got to go talk to the security guard for a moment.”

Jaden nods.

Zayn moves over to the side and a new security guard comes over, “This way, please.”

Zayn walks behind the guy and is led into a room.

“Have a seat,” the guy says and leaves.

Zayn sits with a sigh. He takes out his phone to tell Liam what’s going on.


I’ve been taken to a room!!!



Are you ok?????



NO!!! I don’t know what’s happening



I’ll have Paul hang back.



Just make sure Jaden’s fine.



He is...playing with Lux


There’s a knock on the door before a woman enters with another man.

“Mr. Malik,” she says and sits across from him.

“Why am I here?” Zayn asks.

“One of our security guards alerted us that you had a child with you,” the woman replies.

“Yeah, my son,” Zayn says.

She writes something down, “He said that you two didn’t have the same last name and the child didn’t look like you.”

“He’s adopted!” Zayn yells.

“Mr. Malik, please calm down,” the woman says.

“I won’t calm down! I haven’t done anything wrong!” Zayn yells back.

“Sir if you please calm down. You’ll be released sooner,” the guy says.

Zayn gives him a murderous look, but doesn’t say anything.

“You said you adopted the child? How long ago?” the woman asks.

“Ten months,” Zayn replies.

“And you adopted him with...” the woman leads him.

“My husband, Liam Payne,” Zayn says before she can ask his name.

She nods and writes it down, “So you and your husband adopted the child together?”

Zayn rolls his eyes, “Obviously!”

“One moment,” the woman says and leaves the room.

Zayn looks at the guy still in there with him, “It’s because my son is white isn’t it? Because I’m not the same skin color as him you pulled me thinking I was trying to kidnap him! Isn’t it!”

“I can’t answer that,” the guy said.

Zayn huffs.

The woman comes back a few minutes later, “You’re free to go.”

Zayn gets up from his seat and grabs his stuff without saying anything to them. He walks down the hall he came and is greeted with Paul talking to a security guard.

“Paul!” Zayn says when he sees the man.

“Zayn thank God!” Paul says.

“Let’s go. I want to see my family,” Zayn says and is already walking to the waiting area.

When he gets into the room where the rest of the band and entourage are he moves quickly over to Liam and hugs him close.

“Are you okay, babe?” Liam asks.

Zayn shakes his head against his shoulder, “No really, but I am now.”

Liam holds him closer, “Do you want to talk about it.”

“They took me away because they thought I was trying to kidnap Jaden just because we don’t look alike,” Zayn tells him.

“Oh babe,” Liam says, “Why would they do that?”

“Because we aren’t the same skin color,” Zayn replies.

Liam squeezes him tighter, “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”

“Not your fault,” Zayn replies.

“But Paul got you out?” Liam asks.

“I don’t know. I kinda yelled at the lady who was talking to me once I figured out why I was there, then she left and when she came