enough, admitted out loud that she had been mistaken in all of her dealings with her colleague’s daughter. Athena, in turn, thanked Aura for trying to indict her. After that, the ice between them had apparently been broken, as their conversation throughout the evening seemed amenable.

When, during dinner, Athena brought up the Widget patent as a potential source of income, Simon wished he had discussed this particular topic with her earlier – after all, he had not yet disclosed the full truth behind its having been filed to his sister. He was painfully aware that he had not managed to maintain a neutral expression for a few long seconds at the very least, but thankfully, Aura did not choose to question him. Instead, she inquired whether he or Miles would be willing to provide her with start-up capital, to which Simon immediately agreed – too quickly, he realized as soon as the words had left his mouth. Again, though, Aura pretended not to have noticed… or perhaps she was too occupied with envisioning the possibilities to pay sufficient attention.

Miles, on the other hand, had witnessed his slip-ups, as he sent Simon a reassuring smile before picking up on Athena’s chatter about her colleagues. For the remainder of the evening, the conversation remained perfectly harmless, serving to restore his peace of mind at least somewhat. It seemed that his young friend had realized just what topic had discomfited him, as well. Good. Even if Athena were to talk to Aura by herself for any reason in the near future, she would likely tread carefully when it came to the patent.

As it got later and later, his partner’s gazes at him became more and more frequent; Simon found it difficult to suppress a sharp exhale when, once Miles knew himself unobserved by their guests, he honest-to-goodness smirked in a way that was usually reserved for their bedroom alone.

Bending the rules, are we? Granted, Miles had not said anything nor initiated physical contact, but his expression could hardly be mistaken for anything other than a blatant broadcast of desire. Well… he was not complaining. In fact…


Turnabout is fair play.


The next time neither Aura nor Athena were looking at him, Simon directed a heated grin of his own at his partner. It was nearly impossible to affect a neutral façade once more when Miles shifted slightly on his chair, not enough to be noticeable if one did not know the cause, but exactly the reaction he had hoped for.


What are you going to do for revenge…?


He would never find out, for Athena announced a few moments later that she would have to leave soon, lest she missed the last bus back into town.

Miles looked slightly guilty for a moment; had he guessed at the fact that she had cottoned on to their unspoken communication and its emotional results? “We would offer you a ride, but I believe we’re both well over the legal blood alcohol limit…”

Athena’s responding grin spoke volumes.

“That’s okay, Mr. Edgeworth. I don’t mind taking the bus.”

Now, Simon felt it necessary to make an offer of his own, lest his growing desire to be alone with his partner showed too obviously. However, he was reasonably certain that he would be turned down.

“I can accompany you to the bus stop.”

As expected, his young friend shook her head; she still wore that knowing grin on her lips.

“Thanks for offering, but I’ll be fine. It’s not like someone is gonna jump me in this neighborhood – and hey, if it makes you feel better, maybe Aura could come along and wait with me for a few minutes…?”


… What?


Simon’s bafflement at Athena’s suggestion only intensified when his sister immediately agreed with a shrug.

“The bus stop is on the way home, and a few more minutes of fresh air won’t kill me. Well, off with us, then.”


What in the nine circles of hell are they up to now? Did they have time to conspire with each other in some manner?


He remained slightly stunned by his puzzlement until their two guests had taken their leave, staring at the wood of the front door once it had closed behind them for a moment.

On one hand, it was excellent to see them getting along so well, better than he would have ever hoped for. On the other…


Athena, please tread carefully. Some things should not be revealed just yet.


Of course, he was not entirely certain how to discern just when the time would be right for these revelations.

Miles cut through his concerns by amusedly clearing his throat at Simon’s side; once he had seen that he had his partner’s attention, he took a step back, up onto the slightly elevated floorboards which lay beyond the entrance area, and wrapped his arms around Simon from behind.

 “Now then,” he muttered hotly next to Simon’s ear before playfully nipping at his ear, “what should we do to occupy ourselves, now that we are among ourselves