flipflops and unzipped his hoodie. Hoodie off, he wrapped its sleeves around his footwear and chucked them behind him. Yasuhiro waited as Makoto reluctantly dipped a toe into the cool water, soon immersing all but his head in water. They headed over to the other three. Mondo, Kiyotaka and Leon.

None of the girls paid them any heed, Sayaka’s and Junko’s hands clasped together while their spectators chanted names. Soon they were but flecks vaguely shaped like humans, voices mere murmurs over the rippling pool, while Mondo, Kiyotaka and Leon became more distinct.

Kiyotaka and Mondo offered Makoto a curt nod before glaring at each other. Glaring so intense, so shocking, that had they been underwater they would have electrocuted everyone in the vicinity.

Probably.

Though, being underwater would have doused the flames radiating from their stiff bodies. The end of Mondo’s pompadour quivered while Kiyotaka’s eyebrows trembled. If Makoto didn’t know any better, he would have thought he was watching a standoff in a shonen manga or a quirky murder mystery visual novel.

“Yo, Naegi.” Leon’s face cracked into a forced smile, dripping wet. He either recently submerged his head or needed to see a doctor. Or a mortician. “What were you doing over there with the girls? We've been waiting ages for you. Got your eyes set on one of them?”

“No. I... I just didn’t realise I was invited,” explained Makoto.

“Who are you? Fukawa?” Leon seized Makoto’s shoulder a little too tightly, with a complexion a little too blue. “You need to sort out your priorities. I’m in serious need of moral support while they’re fine doing whatever they’re doing.”

“They’re wrestling as well.”

“What? You mean they’re wrestling too?” asked Yasuhiro. He laughed, sounding relieved. “I thought they were sacrificing Maizono-chi to Izanami over there.”

Leon perked up. “Maizono is here? What’s she wearing? Wait, she’s wrestling? The girls are wrestling?” He craned his neck. “I've gotta go see.”

Mondo balled his fist around Leon’s goatee and dunked him under the water’s surface. “You’re not pissing off now. We ride together and die together.” He swung his leg over Leon’s shoulder while Kiyotaka climbed up Yasuhiro’s hair as if climbing up a tree with many branches. Yasuhiro's arms thrashed but Kiyotaka managed to seat himself on him.

Makoto watched on, anxious. They... did plan on just wrestling... right?

Gurgling came from underwater, stopping when Leon rose, replaced by gasps as he lapped up air. “I didn’t volunteer for any of this. Ow!” Mondo shifted. Leon narrowed his eyes and said, “Don’t mess with my mane.”

Once Kiyotaka and Mondo were in position, Yasuhiro and Leon turned to face each other. They trudged in reverse when their riders transferred their centre of gravity backward, until they were separated by six metres, Mondo cracked his knuckles while Kiyotaka swished his hands through a series of random movements.

“You can still drop out.” Mondo leered. “I won’t think any less of you, sissy loser.”

Kiyotaka smirked. “It is not I who will be shown to be the sissy loser. It will be you who will be crowned the sissiest of losers.”

Mondo slammed his palns into the back of Leon's head and screamed, “CHARGE!”

“CHARGE!” echoed Kiyotaka, jabbing the air with his finger and twitching his feet.

“ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”

“UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!”

Makoto kicked himself back when they clashed, their hands smacking together into a vice grip. Below, their partners altered their stances, knees bending as they leaned forward slightly. Truly a feat of manliness, teeth gritted together. Faces red. Elbows metronomes.

“ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”

“UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!”

Gang Leader versus Hall Monitor. One would expect the former to easily secure victory, but they appeared evenly matched. Their wrists swung back and forth as sweat mingled with clean pool water.

“GIVE UP, BASTARD!”

“NEVER! AND MY PARENTS WERE MARRIED BEFORE I WAS CONCEIVED!”

Neither saw the oncoming wave. No one did. At their end of the pool stood a tower with a large bucket on top, filling with water until it tilted and released its contents once every hour. The wave hurtled toward them and washed over them, continuing to the other side where it would be channelled through a return canal for next time.

Leon stumbled as the wave crashed into them and sank, with Mondo not comprehending what happened until Kiyotaka and Yasuhiro cheered.

Mondo got off. He picked Leon up by the arm, scowling.

“Hey, I never wanted in on this,” Leon snapped, and he wiggled free. Rather than focus on his fuming companion, he looked toward the other side of the pool, and blinked. “Hey, is that Fujisaki?” He squinted. “Yo, Fujisaki!” Leon raised his arm. “We’re over