into his crotch, nature's bodily reaction catching him off guard and confusing his mind. He tried to concentrate on what was surely so wrong about the whole scenario, remove any sexual connotations - it was difficult though, Erwin's whimpers of delight making Levi's ears burn as hot as his groin. Look, Levi. Look. He's wearing yesterday's underwear. His hair isn't even combed. And I'm sure that's…what is that on his chin?! Any closer inspection was rendered irrelevant due to distance and what happened next. Erwin raised his hand, held the grape like it was the sweet baby jesus himself and Levi gaped with a dry mouth as the dark blob was placed between open lips, left for a moment before a hollow-cheeked sucking motion sent it popping into Erwin. Holy fuck…Levi squirmed, his pants unusually tight and then there were the noises…dear god the  noises his husband was making, absolutely decadent whines and groans as teeth chewed the grape into a pulp. One final bob of the throat signalled the fruit's demise and Erwin smacked his lips together before reaching for another treat. There was only so much Levi could handle and he wavered on the cusp of two potential courses of action; leave now, get the groceries with a semi lodged in his boxers, or stay. Stay and maybe join in. The prospect of food combined with sex didn't appeal to Levi, visions in his mind of spray can cream becoming clumped in pubic hair, chocolate melting onto sheets and solidifying on skin. Sausages violated. But fruit? That was clean. A bit sticky, granted, but as clean as food could get and Levi weighed up his options. How long had this been going on without his knowledge? If he accepted it, showed Erwin that he held no abhorrence, that would make his partner insanely happy. And to do so would in turn make Levi happy. As another grape was despatched between pouting lips, Levi drew a deep breath and stepped inside the bedroom, heart racing and mind forced wide open. ~~~~~~Erwin lay back, chest heaving and body on fire, the satisfied rush of passion racing through his veins as he looked upwards, hands trembling against pale fast-moving hips. He still didn't fully fathom what was going on, thoughts turning blank and he became consumed by his lover, a man who had strode in just less than an hour ago with a determined jaw and a pointed finger. Erwin could vaguely recall something being declared about 'we're in this together, for better for worse' and a few curses, however not much seemed clear after that. All he was certain of now was Levi riding him energetically. He dug his fingers into porcelain skin and gave a bellowing moan as Levi's hands squeezed at Erwin's chest, a flushed face hanging over him and Levi bowed down, still grinding desperately as he chased his orgasm, heavy breathing ragged and worn. He held a grape in his teeth, lowered enough for the exchange and Levi watched Erwin lift up, taking the prize gleefully with clouded eyes and pink cheeks. Erwin sucked in harshly, juicy flesh devoured and a dribble of liquid spilled down the side of his face, the absolutely fucked expression making Levi shake his head in disbelief. "Erwin…shit…" All the prone male could do was succumb, the taste of moist and sweet grapes tingling inside and he gasped, Levi's mouth suddenly on his as they shared in the delight, swapped flavours in messy kisses and Erwin reached lower, his husbands solid and wet erection given some much needed attention.The afternoon sun drifted through the window, dust particles illuminated as the married couple disturbed them with their vigorous activities, the sparkling show akin to twinkling stars in a night's sky and Erwin called out, near his limit and chin glazed by fluids. Levi pushed up, eyes trained on perfect blue hues as he moved with urgency, the fist around his cock tightening as Erwin's stomach clenched. "Levi! Levi yes!" Just before they could unravel completely, Levi decided to step up the game and snatched the last grape from it's bowl, sliding it seductively on Erwin's lips and creating a rumble of desire from them both, fingers nipped carelessly as the final morsel disappeared inside. Erwin came instantly, the sensation of fresh fruit and Levi's digits on his tongue proving too much and he shouted his husband's name over and over, pulpy food escaping with each cry. Levi felt the moment of release, warmth spreading inside of him only to be forced out by his thrusts, much like the grapes sliding from Erwin's slack jaw and he panted swiftly, fucking Erwin's hand and still-hard shaft for all he was worth. It took mere seconds to break, all of their foreplay and exploration building a massive coil in his stomach and Levi shouted in exhilaration, lips smiling and breath shaky as he climaxed with more power than he could ever remember possessing in the past, shivers taking over his bones whilst he added yet more mess to Erwin