lovesick schoolboy.  He turns down the hallway to her dressing room just in time to see Belle, clad in her usual jeans and poet blouse, being dragged along by one of her co-stars.

“Just a minute!” she laughs, digging her heels in.  “He’ll be here in just a minute, he always – Anthony!”  He continues down the hall toward her, smiling despite his confusion.  She points to her co-star as she finally lets herself be pulled along toward the back door.  “I’m being kidnapped for an impromptu cast party!”

“Oh,” he calls, slowing to a stop just past her dressing room door.  “Will… will you come over afterwards?”  He tries to hide his disappointment at the change in plans, trying not to make her feel guilty for wanting to do what any young actress would.

She calls out again just as she gets pulled out the door.  “Don’t you want to come with me?”

He can’t help but laugh at himself as he follows after her.

Outside, he finds the rest of the cast, autographing playbills for a handful of fans.  Belle stands off to the side, letting her more famous co-stars do their duties.  He joins her, pulling her close for a kiss.  “Brilliant as always, Love.”  She smiles at the compliment, combing her fingers through the ends of his hair.

“Uh… Miss French?”  They pull apart to find a young woman with a playbill and marker in her hands.  “Can I have your autograph?”

Belle blushes at the request, but smiles happily as she obliges.  For several minutes, more fans come from around the building, a small crowd passing around them.  Many people ask to have their playbill signed by the whole cast, Belle included, but Gold can’t help but swell with pride at the handful of people who ask for autographs from Belle alone.  She is a phenomenal actress, talented far beyond her years, and it is heartwarming to know that other people see it, too.

Soon the crowd dissipates, and the last fan receives their autographs.  Belle returns to his side with a smile, linking her arm through his, and they follow her cast mates as they head down the street, not terribly concerned where they end up.

… …

When they make it back to his building later that night, Belle clings to him as they step into the elevator, only mildly tipsy, but elated and giggling as she uses his tie to pull him down for a kiss.  He holds her tight, keeping the kiss slow and deep, seeking out all the little places he’s learned she loves.  She sighs contentedly as they part, leaning her head against his chest.

He thinks back as he holds her, shaking his head at the memories.  “I had hoped you would let me kiss you on the cheek tonight.”

She makes a sound almost like a purr against his chest.  “I’ll let you kiss me a lot more places than that.”

He laughs, caressing her hair.  “No, I mean… before we… slept together.  Back when I would come to your dressing room after every show.  I hoped you would let me kiss you on closing night, so I could have something to remember you by.  Something beautiful to keep me going the rest of my life.”

She looks up at him, head still resting against his shoulder.  “Well then, it’s a really good thing I had the sense to take some initiative, then.”

He smiles down at her, thinking of what might have been – she would have been long gone by the time he reached her dressing room.  He would have imagined any one of a hundred heartbreaking possibilities, assuming she was avoiding him, or glad finally to be rid of him, or simply didn’t value their conversations enough to want one more.  He would have left, dejected, and never seen her again.  He would have continued to go to whatever plays she starred in, of course, but he never would have found the courage to visit her dressing room and talk to her again.  No, if Belle had not seen through him, seen the affection and longing growing in his heart, had not had the courage that he lacked to act on it, he would be lost.

At her smile, he pushes those thoughts away.  All of those things could have happened, of course, but they didn’t.  Instead, he has Belle in his arms, sweet and warm and willing, and he couldn’t ask for anything better.  “Couldn’t agree more,” he murmurs, kissing the tip of her nose as the elevator doors open on his floor.

Inside his apartment, he flips on the lights and guides her to the couch, urging her to sit while he fetches wine for a toast.  In the kitchen he opens up one of his better vintages, one he’s been saving for a special occasion he was starting to think would never come.  He pours two glasses, and carefully balances them in his free hand to