they should pause to at least pretend they give a fuck about what it is. But then Harry’s nose is nudging his scarf out the way and his mouth is latching onto his neck, sucking hard. Nothing else matters after this point. The Brits are shite this year, anyway. He’s only here for the free booze (refuses to admit the part of him that came because he never misses the chance to see young Harold dressed up).

His grip tightens on Harry’s cock, speeds up and Harry abandons the love bite he’s giving him to let out a low groan, slamming his head back so hard that it smacks against the tiled wall behind him. If it hurts, he doesn’t seem fazed. “Nick.” He sounds urgent, lost in his own bliss and Nick knows what that means. Knows it’s nearly over. 

If they were somewhere more secretive, back home in his bedroom, he’d stop. Get on his knees and go slow until Harry was fucking begging for it, until he made him come on just his tongue and then went for round two. But they just don’t have the time here. One Direction are nominated for at least three awards and it’s not going to go unnoticed that one of them is missing if he doesn’t get back to his seat soon. 

“Nick.” Harry repeats, one of his hands coming around to rest on the top of Nick’s back. His nails drag down the length of his spine and Nick hisses, arching into the touch. “Nick, need - “ The pop star seems to be struggling with words, because it just cuts off into a broken moan and he grunts a little in frustration after, annoyed that he can’t finish his own sentence. 

The great thing about them doing this for so long though is that Nick gets it. Knows exactly what Harry is asking for. Again, he wonders if this is something they should discuss but again he brushes it off. There’s no reason to complicate a handjob between two friends in a bathroom. No reason at all (he’ll keep telling himself this, even later tonight when he’s lying in bed, nervous that Harry’s with someone else now that he’s had his fill of him here). 

“Okay. S’okay.” He murmurs, pressing a brief kiss to Harry’s curls. “I got you.” His hand gives one more stroke, then another before letting go. He slips it further back, groping at his balls before pressing the pad of his index finger along the length of Harry’s ass crack. It stops at his hole, applies pressure but doesn’t slip inside and Harry pants, encouraging the action by spreading his legs a little wider or at least, as wide as possible with his pants tangled up around his ankles. 

“Fuck. Look at you.” Nick breathes out, hating the fact he sounds so fucking awe struck. Like a lovesick child rather than the composed, grown man he’s supposed to be. “So fucking eager for it.” He leans forward, unable to stop himself from biting on the swell of Harry’s bottom lip as he finally pushes one finger inside. It’s a little dry, but the precome from before helps and he knows from experience (so much fucking experience) that Harry likes it a little rough. Likes a little pain with his pleasure, as if to even the two out and keep him grounded. 

It doesn’t take much longer to push Harry over the edge. Nick quickly pushes in a second finger, twists over that spot that he knows so well and that’s it. For someone that is so loud during sex, Harry goes oddly quiet when he comes. His jaw clenches, his teeth grind together and he goes completely still. Nick thinks it’s the best fucking show he’ll see all night, fuck all the other performances that are going to be happening on stage. He eases him through it, keeps his fingers moving in and out at a languid pace before Harry eventually lets out a broken sob, shuddering at how over sensitive he is. 

For a brief moment, Nick’s forgotten where they actually are. He slips his fingers out and instead lets his palm rest against the wall behind them. Everything seems so quiet now, nothing but the sound of their own breathing. He can feel his own cock throbbing in his trousers, begging for some sort of attention and he presses it downwards, grinding down on the thigh that Harry has conveniently placed between his legs. “God, the things I would do to you if we were…” His hushed whisper comes to an end before he can finish, the words a painful reminder that they’re at the fucking Brit awards - and that’s ironically exactly when they hear it. 


“Has anyone seen the curly-haired one?”


Neither of them move. In fact, they freeze all together. It’s stupid, but Nick’s hoping he’s heard wrong. He’s