'll combine soon before leisurely disappearing as the pleasure takes over. This is the distraction he craves, more than anything. But not more than Liam. He's always craving Liam. Morning, afternoon, evening, night. It's the second most painful thing he's ever experienced.

The first? Being in love with someone who doesn't love you back.

"Y'alright there, babe?" Liam wonders casually, like he isn't fucking into Zayn with his hand in front of the bathroom sink. Like Zayn isn't doing his best to hold off some of the bliss, purposely clenching his stomach muscles and thighs, all the whilst attempting to keep himself up right.

"I'm fuckin' wonderf— oh," his words cuts off into a moan when the tip of Liam's finger coasts over Zayn's prostate, his thighs going lax and then before he knows it, Liam's pushing in his middle finger, the pad of his thumb stiff against his right ass cheek. 

Behind him, Liam laughs and there's a tiny glimmer of mischief in his tone. He knows there's no way in hell Zayn will mutter out a lame attempt at a witty comeback because he has the upper hand right now. Liam's in charge of ridding Zayn of the thoughts that haunt his brain. He doesn't know it, but he's a good competitor at dominating Zayn's happiness. Various, unique things make Zayn happy, but Liam's the source of it all. Has been since day bloody one.

"Prick," Zayn manages to mumble, his voice muffled due to lowering his head, teeth biting down on his wrist to calm himself, willing himself not to come so soon. 

Liam doesn't reply, fucks his fingers into him a little harder than before, keeping his two digits bent so they can easily glide over Zayn's prostate with a silent goal of making Zayn groan, moan, whine. 

Zayn can feel Liam's cock bobbing behind him, like he's aching for what they both want, what they both need. Fuck, he can even feel his own, trapped between the steel sink, neglected, lipstick red at the tip and — the thought of Liam wearing lipstick and sucking him off pops into his mind, almost setting his entire body ablaze. He coils over from the harsh blend of that specific thought and Liam's hand, fingers turning white from clutching onto the sink so tight.

"I could fuck you everyday," Liam babbles, scissoring his fingers a bit until he feels Zayn's hole give in, beginning to stretch, expand, the resistance no longer in sight.

"You do fuck me everyday," Zayn confirms through gritted teeth, unable to stop his hips from rocking backwards onto Liam's fingers. He'd laugh at the situation — Liam fucking his fingers into him, him being more than eager, but he knows he doesn't have the air in his lungs to do so or the happiness for it. Not right now, anyway.

Liam smirks, eyes crinkled at the corners. His fingers vanish and Zayn turns his head, brows knitting together in puzzlement as Liam slants his own, eyes fixated on Zayn's back.

"Why'd you stop?" He asks, lower lip becoming chapped from licking over it.

Liam's gaze hoists upwards as he wraps his fingers around himself, offering his cock a few tugs. The sight is enough to make Zayn's mouth water. "'Cause I'm gonna fuck you right here, right now. That's what you want, yeah? A distraction?"

Zayn's throat goes dry. Out of all the things Zayn had in mind, it certainly wasn't that. He'd expected Liam to carry him into the bedroom, fuck into him against the wall if they couldn't make it to the bed, but not in front of the sink — or in front of the mirror. 

Don't fault him, Zayn's far from self conscious. He knows he's a diamond in the rough when it comes down to pristine genes and a line of decent looking blokes. But he also has his difficult days. The days where he doesn't even want to look at himself in the mirror, not even when he brushes his teeth or fixes his hair. It's a bittersweet war, a day to day fight, but that's why he enjoys having Liam around. Because Liam makes him feel like he deserves to be on top of the world.

( He just wishes Liam felt the same about him ). 

"Yeah." Zayn murmurs, gathering enough strength to elevate his upper body, just as Liam wraps an arm around his waist, supporting him. "Y'gonna fuck me so I forget?"

Liam's tongue makes an appearance, skates lively across his lower lip before he's lining himself. The tip of his cock is pressed snug against Zayn's hole, his head moving forward a centimeter or two and, "