arrow right between Banner’s eyes when he would accidentally bump into them, flirting so openly. He didn’t even care for an excuse. Just the way he was looking at HIS Tasha was enough.

He had no right to refer to her as that, but it still remained the way he would call her in his mind. He was the only person besides his family, who she allowed to shorten her name. She seemed to absolutely hate it when someone would do that, something he understood really quickly sometime at the beginning of their acquaintance, when he called her ‘Natty’. He had no doubts that she hit the exact spot she was aiming for, but the sole fact that the knife, which she was holding in her hand just few seconds earlier, hit the wall barely an inch away from his head was enough to make him forget about calling her anything but Natasha for the next several years. It was because of his son that she eventually opened up to the idea of shortening her name because the boy, who had just begun to speak, was completely unable to repeat its full form. This was the moment when Auntie Natasha became Auntie Nat and it was who she remained to this day, and even he and Laura began calling her Nat. She was Natasha for him mainly when he talked to someone else about her or when he wanted her to open up to him, because he could see something was bothering her. Sometimes, she was Tasha, but it happened only when they were alone. They both knew it carried everything that they couldn’t or shouldn’t voice. In those moments, however, when he would see her with Bruce and was filled with an unbelievable jealousy and possessiveness, his mind would mark her as his Tasha, even though she never was and would never be his.

He couldn’t allow himself to think that way, especially since he really wanted her to find someon, with whom she could be happy. Despite that, he wasn’t able to be happy with this situation and, because of that, he started to avoid her, doing his best to put as much distance between them as possible. Missions were the only exception because it was a known fact that they had always worked best when they worked together. He had to admit that he was doing quite a good job with it, even though he really missed the best friend he had ever had. He used to spend most of his free time with her. They would sit on the couch watching a match, a movie, or any other TV program, drinking beer or, after a more difficult mission, maybe even something stronger. About the fact that after those missions they would usually spend a very long and passionate time in bed – if they even managed to get there - as if reassuring themselves and celebrating that they were back in one piece, he tried not to think at all. It wasn’t the direction he should allow his thoughts to drift.

It was no surprise that it was one of those missions that opened his eyes and he was no longer able to pretend that he had moved on. When he realized that the fight with a man, who wasn’t even supposed to be there in the first place, delayed her so much that she didn’t have enough time to leave before the building would explode, he felt as if someone had pumped all the air out of his lungs. He didn’t register the passage of time. He wasn’t even aware that Steve had to hold him in order to prevent him from running inside to get her out. All he could think about was that Natasha was inside. He kept screaming at her to get out of there, not to dare do this to him. Then, when time had run out and the shockwave knocked both him and the Captain to the ground, he didn’t even feel like standing up.

It was as if time had stopped for him. Barely few minutes had passed, but for him it could have been a whole eternity. He was lying on the ground, completely numb, with the image of Natasha in front of his eyes the way he loved her the most – looking at him with a smile on her face, an honest smile that reached her beautiful green eyes, sparkling with happiness and beaming with feelings he didn’t dare to name. He kept whispering her name like a mantra, unable to believe that he would never see her again and feeling as if his life had ended in that moment as well.

He snapped out of it only when Steve shook him and helped him stand up, pointing to a spot somewhere above them. He looked in that direction and even though he was still quite a distance away from them, he recognized Iron Man without any difficulties. However, it wasn’t the Iron Man, who caught his attention; it was the person in his arms. The relief he felt when he realized Tony had managed to get there in time to get her out of the building was indescribable. Stark barely managed to place her on the ground before he was at her side