because he felt the same. 

"Hey, how are you? Harry's just in the kitchen." 

"Cooking already?" 

"Just a few party pizzas, you're not that special." Louis said, fondly tapping Liam's nose and walking back into the kitchen. Niall grabbed Liam's wrist and led him into the kitchen excitedly. Liam hugged Harry, Niall joined in this one too. 

"Man, forgot how tall you are, mate." Harry chuckled, checking the oven again. "Nice house, you've proper taken care of yourself, lads." 

"I'm sure you have too," Louis said, leaning his bum on the back of a chair. "So, you married? Kids? Spill it all, need to hear it."

"Right as I walk in the door?" Louis chuckled, whipping Liam in the tummy with a towel.

"Hey! Behave yourself. Thirty-three years old and you still act like you're five." Louis smiled fondly as Harry resumed attending to the pizzas.

"If you keep opening the damn oven, they won't cook." Louis said, threatening to whip Harry with a towel as he waved it in the air. Niall was enjoying every minute of it.

"Been bantering like this since I got here." Niall mumbled into Liam's shoulder. Liam grinned and placed an arm around Niall.

"And what exactly do you know about cooking, Louis?" Harry turned to Louis, a brow raised and a hand on his hip.

"Almost nothing." 

"Exactly." 

"Still growing out the hair, I see?" Liam asked in the midst of all the banter.

"Yeah, I rather like this look on me. I've cut it though obviously, just a little bit. S' just at the shoulders, see?" Harry looked at his hair and made weird gestures to his shoulders. 

"I like it too," Louis said, walking over to Harry and placing a kiss to his arm. "Fun to pull." Louis ran his fingers through Harry's hair before he grabbed a tuft and tugged on it, surprising Harry. Harry whimpered and Louis rubbed the spot he just pulled, kissing Harry's chest. There was a knock on the door just then and Liam's heart fluttered, knowing who it was. Niall and Liam raced to the door before Louis could catch them. Niall opened the door, pulling a shocked Zayn into a hug.

Liam, Louis and Harry joined in, crowding around Zayn. A proper group hug just like they used to do on stage. Liam pushed those thoughts away, fearing the tears that threatened to escape his eyes. 

"Zayn! Welcome, man. Pizzas in the oven, games in the other room, let's go!" Louis and Zayn raced to the living room, starting up the game console. Harry watched for a little while before going back into the kitchen. Niall sat beside Zayn, cheering them on. Truthfully, he was confused as to what was happening but he was smiling nonetheless. Liam sat on the arm of the couch beside Louis, staring into space rather than watching the Telly. 

His gaze flicked to Zayn and stayed there. Zayn probably felt it because he returned the stare and gave Liam a quick smile before focusing back on the game only to realize he lost already. The boys joined Harry in the kitchen to get their food, Harry giving each of them their plates like the proper chef he is. They sat at the table together, Zayn not hesitating to sit by Liam, and they all genuinely felt very comfortable. This was home.

"Liam, you never answered my question." Louis stated matter-of-factly as he shoved a tiny slice of pizza into his mouth, visibly burning his tongue. Zayn looked over at Liam curiously, a fond glint in his eye.

"What question?" Liam asked, also eating some of his pizza. Zayn patted Liam's thigh gently before his focus turned back to his plate for a split second.

"Are you married?" Zayn's gaze flickered back to Liam, curious as to what the answer was.

"Eh, no. I'm not. I do have a girlfriend though. Sophia." Liam answered nervously, all eyes on him.

"Still dating her? Wow, good for you. I suggest you put a ring on it though." Louis' loud personality was not doing it for him at this moment, any other time he would be laughing and agreeing. But, marriage and children talk is what broke him and Sophia up in the first place. 

"Uh, actually..." Liam trailed off, not exactly knowing what to say or how to word it or if it would even be appropriate to say it.

"How long have you been dating her?" Zayn asked quietly from Liam's side.

"We actually broke up a little while after...you know," Everyone nodded simultaneously. "It was like, only four years ago that we got back together."

"So you actually haven't been dating that long then."