an air of dejection radiating off her.

B’Elanna had intended to have a quick lunch alone, but now something compelled her to take an interest in whatever it was that Janeway seemed so broody about.  Did it have something to do with Ahni and Marie? 

“Mind if I sit?” 

Kathryn looked up and indicated the other seat.  “Please do.”

She threw a last look in the direction of the two young ensigns and B’Elanna purposefully followed her gaze. 

“You seem to have taken a special interest in them.”  She tried to make it sound casual, as though she wasn’t implying anything. 

Kathryn chose to ignore the subtext.  “How long have they been together?”  She asked offhandedly.

“Eh, about a year I guess.”  B’Elanna answered, still wondering why Janeway was so interested.

“They seem very happy together.”  Kathryn added pensively.

B’Elanna nodded slowly.  “They are.  Kaplan really blossomed when she started dating Jetal.  She was much more quiet and reserved when she was still with Baytard.” 

“Pablo Baytard, the pilot?”  Kathryn asked surprised.  “So she wasn’t always…  I mean she didn’t…”  Kathryn realized she sounded like a babbling idiot again. “She also likes men?”  She got out eventually.

B’Elanna chuckled.  “I guess so.  Although she did tell me once that she does prefer women.” As an afterthought she added casually.  “Can’t say I blame her.” 

Kathryn blinked a couple of times, not sure she’d caught the meaning of that last part right. “You… too?”  She uttered.

If Janeway’s eyebrows rose any higher, they’d disappear into her hairline, B’Elanna thought.  She wondered briefly how she got in this kind of conversation with her Captain.  But it seemed that it was the other woman who couldn’t let go of the topic. 

“Well, we’ve all experimented, haven’t we?”  B’Elanna countered neutrally. 

A flash of wonder crossed Kathryn’s features and B’Elanna read it for what it was. “You haven’t?” 

Kathryn frowned.  “No.” She couldn’t even remember a single moment where the possibility had ever remotely crossed her mind. 

“They say it’s never too late…”  B’Elanna offered semi-serious. She grabbed her plate and got up.  “I’m late for an Engineering Staff Meeting.” 

Kathryn only nodded pensively.

~

Kathryn Janeway nervously looked over her shoulder for the umpteenth time to make sure nobody saw what she was doing.  Not that she was doing anything wrong, or even anything out of the ordinary for that matter.  She was just selecting a Holoprogram and engaging every privacy lock she could think of. 

Once the selected program was up and running, she cast one last nervous look around and entered, making sure the doors were locked behind her. 

Inside the bar was dimly lit and there was soft music playing in the background.  A few people were sitting at the tables, some were dancing, another handful was sitting at the bar. 

Kathryn chose an empty spot next to an attractive brunette with legs that seemed to go on forever. Nervously fidgeting with her hands, she tried to relax.

“Hi there.  Can I buy you a drink?”  The brunette asked.

Kathryn nodded.  “Whatever you’re having.”

The woman signaled the bartender and two dry martinis appeared in front of them. 

“Thanks.”  Kathryn spoke softly.

The woman smiled, her teeth perfect and pearly white.  “I’m Sarah.” 

“Kathryn.”  Kathryn responded bashfully.  She didn’t know what to do next, so she fished the olive out of her drink and took a sip to calm her nerves.

She had never run a Holoprogram like this, a bar where people went for one-night hook-ups with holographic total strangers.  But it seemed like the only option she had. 

The conversation she’d had with B’Elanna had stuck with her.  And she thought that maybe if she did a little experimenting of her own, she could get the whole lesbian thing out of her system.  Of course being a Captain on a starship of about one hundred and fifty people, lightyears away from home, severely limited her options to experiment.  That was where the Holodeck came in.

She’d only had sex on a Holodeck a few times, and only once with a hologram.  The experience hadn’t been the best ever, but it hadn’t been horrible either.  It had just been sex, different, but still sex. 

Taking another sip of her martini, Kathryn wondered what it was she hoped to gain from this. 

“So, what do you do Kathryn?”  The hologram asked. 

“I’m a Starfleet Captain.”  K         athryn answered politely.

Sarah nodded.  “I’m a lawyer.” 

At least this program didn’t seem too sleazy, Kathryn thought.  She’d half expected to meet topless Dabo-girls ready to throw themselves at anyone and anything.  Not that it mattered because photons were