d Dumbley say?"

"He was very Dumbledore," Remus said.  "He twinkled at me."

Her hair turned ashy grey and a beard popped out of her chin.  "Well, now, " she said, although her voice was still her own.  "Did I really?"

"I was thinking," he said slowly.

"Cor, Remus, you don't have to think all the time."  Her beard vanished and her hair deepened to midnight blue, and so did her eyes.  "Don't think," she said, and pressed her body to his.  "You don't have to think with me."

He didn't have to think with her; it was simultaneously the best and the worst part of it.  It was a relief to let his mind simply whir on the curve of her breast and the way she sounded when he touched her; but sleeping with her wasn't interesting in the way he had once been used to, when sex had included bad puns and leering and unorthodox uses of spells, and he could not help feeling vaguely cheated, although it had been nearly twenty years since he had last had that.

"He did what?"  Harry's face had lost its childish softness over the last few years, and now, the bones of his jaw were prominent under his skin.  James had had the same affect at fifteen, Remus recalled, when his body wasn't quite in proportion with itself, but he had grown out of it, and doubtless Harry would as well.  Remus had promised himself that Harry would grow up to the point where he no longer resembled his father.  After that, the lad could go to destruction, or not, as he pleased, but he would get Harry that much.

"Look, Harry, he left you everything else," he said, tipping his face up to the weak early morning sunlight.  The backs of his eyelids spangled in red and gold—Gryffindor fireworks.  Celebratory pyrotechnics, even though there was precious little to celebrate these days, for either side.

"That's not the point," Harry said.

He glanced out of the corner of his eye at Harry's trainers, nearly worn through at the toes and gaping at the instep.  "Oh?" he said.

Harry sighed, a put-upon sigh that only a teenager could muster up.  His hair hadn't been cut in months, when Remus saw him at King's Cross, but since then, he had hacked off the ends, and the rough, uneven strands looked like Padfoot when he needed a good brushing.

"Well, yes," Remus said, "there is that."

Harry shoved his hands in his pockets, hunching his shoulders.

"I suppose, but I can't help what he did and I didn't know about."  He hadn't thought about what he would have done if he had known, he realised, and tried not to imagine the conversations—arguments—they likely would have had.  He had enough real ones to remember; he didn't need to make up ones that had never happened.

"He loved --" Harry said, and Remus gripped his forearm tightly.

"Harry, I don't care what the object of that sentence is going to be, I don't want to hear it.  Not now, and possibly not ever.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go sign various legal papers about my late best friend's bequest," and Disapparated before Harry could respond.

"He --" Dumbledore began to explain, holding out a peppermint imp, which twitched in his palm.  Lupin shook his head and Dumbledore popped the sweet into his own mouth.

Minerva had already glanced up from the papers she was sorting through at her desk when he arrived, and nodded, but now she stood, and was squinting at the intricate type on the page before her.  "Did --"

"What?"  Lupin brushed a loose strand of hair off his temple and leaned forward to pluck the sheet from Minerva's hands.  The writing before him squirmed on the page, looking like nothing so much as those horrible coconut things that Peter had loved, what had they been called, and then settled into recognizable shapes.

"He put an Illegible Curse on it," Dumbledore said.  "No one but the recipient of the bequest or the executor of the estate may read it."

"Did he," Minerva said, frowning and crossing her arms.  Her glasses slipped a little further down her nose. "Damned irresponsible of him.  What if --"

"What if we'd both died?" Lupin finished for her; at least she had the tact to look apologetic, he thought.  "I imagine no one would much care, Minerva, and considering the damned thing's fairly close to illegal as is, it might be better all round that way."

"The will's perfectly legal," she objected.

"Oh, yes.  He had practice.  He drew up a first will at fifteen, and it would have stood up in court, I've no