parking his bike next to his brother’s.

Keith yanked off his helmet and exasperatedly gestured between the bright modern building and the town behind them while shooting Shiro a more than annoyed look. Shiro just chuckled and hung his helmet on the handlebars of his bike before heading off towards the building,

“C’mon, I just need to grab something.”

Keith just watched Shiro stride off and contemplated just getting back on his bike and going to the bot fight alone. It took a few moments of self conflict before he growled, set down his helmet and chased after his brother towards the doorway.

He shoved one hand into his pocket while the other swung lazily with a loose grip on his small bot as he followed Shiro through a series of mostly empty hallways. As they approached Shiro’s lab section, Keith sighed, “Is this going to take long?”

Shiro laughed and reached for the door handle, “Relax you big baby. We’ll be in and out.”

Softly throwing the door open and walking through, Shiro continued, “Besides, you’ve never seen my lab.”

Keith threw his hands up mockingly as he followed through the doorway into the lab, “Oh great, I get to see your nerd lab. Woah!”

Suddenly Keith was cut off, in both speech and movement as a figure blurred passed him and shouted, “Heads up!”

Keith clutched his chest and nearly dropped his bot in surprise. His eyes wandered over to the figure getting off of the bike that just cut him off while subconsciously trying to calm his startled heart.

The man got off of his bike and hung it up on a suspended hook. He started to walk away from the bike but not before pulling a wheel off of the bike and inspecting it. To Keith’s surprise after a quick glance the man simply shrugged and tossed the thin plate of a wheel behind him, letting it snap back into place on its own.
Before he knew what he was doing, he started walking towards the bike as he looked around the room full of scientists experimenting with all kinds of futuristic machines and technology.

His gaze turned back to the bike in front of him and his curiosity immediately took over as he twisted and turned around the bike to inspect it. Letting his eyes fall down to the wheels he let out a small gasp as he passed his hand through the space between the bike’s frame and the plate-like wheels that floated in place, “Woah… Electro-mag suspension?”

Keith grinned to himself and watched the wheels slowly spin in place before a voice cut through his focus, “Hey.”

Keith jumped and turned to see the man from before standing there looking at him through a dark helmet. The man simply crossed his arms, “They call me the Tailor cause of how I thread the needle.”

The man looked up and down at Keith before questioning accusingly, “But who exactly are you?”

Keith stared back, choking on his own words and still mildly stunned when Shiro came up from behind him and placed a hand on his shoulder, “Lance! This is my brother, Keith.”

The man in front of him, now known as Lance, popped his helmet off of his head before holding it at his side while his free hand loosely brushed over the top of his head to fix his helmet hair.

Keith felt his face heat up as he looked at the dark skinned Latino man and suddenly knew his heart was beating faster for reasons other than the several off guard moments that had happened in the past two minutes.

Lance looked at Keith as he chewed his gum before quirking an eyebrow at the gaping man. He shrugged and blew a bubble before walking back towards his work, “Welcome to the nerd lab.”

Keith blushed in embarrassment and chuckled awkwardly, “Haha… yeah.”

Shiro leaned back against the counter as Keith stared off into nothing for a moment before regaining his senses. He turned back towards Lance and peered at the bike once more, “I’ve never seen electro-mag suspension on a bike before.”

Lance shrugged as he spun the wheel manually with the pedal, “Zero resistance, faster bike.” Lance grabbed the spinning plate with his hand and smirked at Keith before pulling the wheel out of its place, “But not fast enough.”

With that Lance threw the plate towards a nearby bin filled with similar plates with deadly accuracy. Keith’s eyes widened as the plate settled with the others before turning back towards Lance. Lance showed off a proud smile before walking away, “Not yet at least.”

Keith watched the boy walk away as he grabbed a new wheel and make adjustments before turning towards a larger man near a set of blue tubes.

The man looked up towards Keith and his eyes widened as he stuck a hand out, “Woah, woah, woah! Behind the line please!”

Keith stopped in his tracks as the man smiled sheepishly. Shiro was behind Keith again in an instance as he called out the the man, “Sup Hunk. This is my brother Keith.”

Hunk grinned as he slipped on his protective goggles, “Hello Keith, prepare to be amazed