wanna, um… Could you help me out on the English project we got set today? I mean, if you have time of course,” she blurts out, knuckles turning white as the grip on her books intensifies.

Levi has to try so hard to make sure the thunderous thump in his chest didn’t burst out spontaneously. Instead, he lifts himself off the wall and flicks the burnt-out fag to the floor where he stood, frozen, a smile dangerously possessing his pursed lips. “Sure,” he says with a shrug. “Catch you later, Ral.”

After she watches him disappear down the tunnel towards the flock of black bikes and raven-cloaked boys waiting for him, she comes to a startling realization.

She had seen him blush.

 

*****

“Fancy seeing you here,” Petra chirps, earning a scathing shh, it’ s fucking detention from the teacher supervising the near-empty classroom. She quickly finds an empty seat in front of him.

He resists the urge to roll his eyes. “What are you doing here, Ral?” he sighs, uncrossing his arms to better position himself on his seat.

She shrugs lightly, her copper hair skimming the bare skin on her neck. He licks his lips instinctively.

“My name is Petra,” she corrects him in mock annoyance, “and…I kind of intentionally forgot to give in my homework to Mr. Shadis and maybe badmouthed him a bit.”

He scoffs. “I find that hard to believe.”

“Well, you should,” she retorts in whispers. “I’m not Little Miss Perfect all the time.”

“I didn’t say you were,” he muses, craning his head forwards. The movement causes him to grimace and a hand flies up to grip his left shoulder.

Petra frowns, witnessing his silent anguish. “I wish you didn't do what you did,” she eventually manages to declare. Her fingers had started to distractedly scratch at his table.

“That’s a stupid wish,” he grumbles in response, sighing back into comfort. She thinks the only perfect way to describe his voice is to compare it to fresh smoke wafting from the barrel of a shotgun – husky, smouldering, and iron. A little bit like lightning. “And stop looking at me like that.”

“Like what?” Petra innocently pouts. But she knows what he means. The garish purple that streaked the tip of his left cheekbone is a stark contrast to his pale, snowy skin. It’s the only thing she can see when she tries to meet his gaze.

He notices her discomfort immediately and he scowls. “Is that why you’re here? You feel guilty I almost beat that obnoxious little shit to death?”

She sucks in a salient breath. “No…” she exhaled. “I just…I wanted to – I don’t know. I wanted to thank you, I guess. So, thank you. You didn’t have to do that.”

He’s reticent for the rest of the hour, grey eyes hooded and arms crossed to his chest, guarding himself. She is so completely unordinary, like she wields this kind of rare, modest beauty he isn’t able to touch like the others because it catches fire so quickly and before he knows it, he’s burning helplessly and rescinding into ashes.

Her smile alone ignites something unfamiliar within him that he just doesn’t fucking know how to handle himself whenever he’s with her. And the blistering sensation that spreads across his cheeks to the tips of his ears did nothing to help the situation. It only makes him look like a blustering idiot.

When the hour is over and she rises timidly from her seat, he almost regrets not telling her that this was all some lame illusion he hides behind to protect himself. That these washed-out denim jeans and black tees are just a shroud to not let people get too close. That he only smokes to forget how alone he has allowed himself to be.

“Maybe I won’t next time,” he mutters instead, hoping it isn’t too audible to reach her ears.

But to his misfortune, it does. And she glares at him with blazing caramel eyes before making her placid exit, the swish of her yellow dress disappearing in muted echoes down the hallway.

He wants to punch himself on the other side of his face. What the fuck, Levi?! Discontented and wallowing in self-loathing, he reaches for the lighter in his pocket then pauses, a flash of white and autumn gold passes his mind, and he retracts his hand instantly.

They’re called cancer sticks anyway, he tells himself as he finally picks up his things and leaves the room, trying hard not to feel so dejected by some church girl who somehow makes him want to try at all.

*****

Yes, he’s a grumbling, mumbling tight-lipped ass-hat who thinks she can be so easily wooed with a bunch of flowers and ripped-off poetry.

Yes, he’s a poo-faced jerk who looks like he’s perpetually stuck