, rage monster, moved in full time.  Thus I gained an awesome roommate and a lab partner.  

On the other hand, the whole thing with the Mandarin happened, (google it if you missed it.  Living it once was bad enough without retelling it), and I lost my house in Malibu, and shortly after that whole mess, my girlfriend.  Apparently she wasn't too fond of how I handled the situation.

Well, plus a roommate and minus a girlfriend, plus a renovated a tower and minus a Malibu mansion.  I was ready to start the next chapter if my life.

Chapter 7: Late Nights in the Lab

After the whole Mandarin fiasco I returned to New York.  As soon as I stepped foot back into the tower, Bruce had my back.  Well, except that one time where he fell asleep . . .but anyway, I was a bit of a mess, especially after Pepper left me, and he helped pick up the pieces.  

He cooked for me to make sure I ate, he worked with me and made sure I didn't work too long without a break, and sometimes he even dragged me to my bed when he knew I needed to sleep.  More than anything though, he was a friend.  He listened to my rambling, helped me with my projects, and tolerated, (or even enjoyed), my snarky sense of humor.  Working in the lab with him quickly became one of my favorite activities.

There were times where we would work so long that we were both exhausted, and then we would completely let down our guard around each other.  It was those times I enjoyed most.  Both of us are cautious people, and with reason.  We've both had our share of betrayal and pain, so it gives us reason to hold off on trusting others.  With each other, that trust was given fairly quickly, and neither of us ever doubted it.  Those unguarded moments showed just how genuine our friendship was, and how safe we were with each other.

Through those nights of whispered secrets I got to know the real Bruce Banner.  The one only a few people have ever had the privilege of seeing, and I have to say it was worth it.  He's the most amazing man I've ever met, and I only wish I had met him sooner.  I think my life would have been a lot less lonely if I had.

Chapter 8: Brucie

As you might have guessed by the way I gushed about my lab partner in the last chapter, after a while, Bruce and I moved our relationship on to something more than friendship.  The change was very gradual.  Glacial, in fact.  Our relationship developed so slowly I was unaware anything was happening at all for the first few months.

I knew that I wanted Bruce, but I thought he was rejecting me.  I thought I was making my intentions clear.  I would touch him far more often than was necessary when I was around him, stand as close to him as I could without impeding either of our work, and outright flirt with him on every possible occasion.  When he didn't reciprocate in any noticeable way, I thought he wasn't interested.  I was wrong.

Bruce thought I was teasing him, and didn't mean any of it.  He was preceding with caution because, while he liked me too, he didn't want to make false assumptions.  He thought that he might ruin our friendship if he was interested in more than friendship and I wasn't.

Thankfully, we eventually figured out that the feeling was mutual.  I'll never forget that day.  We were going on twenty hours in the lab, because we were working on a data set that had Bruce just as enthralled as me, we were both tired, and a little punchy, so when I looked over at Bruce and saw him furrowing his brow and frowning at the data, I couldn't help myself.  

"Do you have any idea how sexy you are when you concentrate on something?" I purred. 

"Tony, stop it," he ordered weakly as his cheeks turned adorably red.

"Well, it's very sexy, but not as sexy as when you blush," I continued just to get a darker flush to creep into his cheeks and down his neck.

"Tony, someone might hear you.  I get that you like to joke around and all, and that's fine, but if someone else hears and decides to join in . . .it might not be such a good idea," he warned.

"They wouldn't dare!  I am the only one who gets to tease you like this.  You're my adorable Brucie, no one else's," I said without thinking.

"I'm no one's adorable Brucie," he said firmly, and if I wasn't mistaken, a little sadly.

"You should be mine," I said earnestly, not sure where the words had come from.

"Tony . . . You don't mean that," he said looking down at the floor.

There was something