I can let you go out into that on your own, pea- I mean, Aradia..."

You are well aware of this storm. You have timed your visit very precisely to ensure that you will both be stuck in the middle of this storm for at least a whole day. You're also slightly impressed by his abandonment of blood-color titles. It's nice to know that he can make himself call you by your name.

"Whoops! I had no idea! I guess I'll have to stay over a while, until the storm blows over," you say, struggling to stifle a giggle as he reaches for the towel besides his chair. Okay, maybe you took it a little too far. Oh well. It's in the past. As always.

He sighs, knowing that there's not really much else that he can do. It's not like he can kick you out into the storm, and there's no way he would leave himself. His hoofbeasts can't be left alone.

You have the opportunity you need, now: at least one whole day with Equius, alone. Without anyone else to distract you from your flush.

It's later that evening, and you've just had dinner with Equius. It was an interesting experience, carried out in complete silence. It's almost as though he's avoiding talking to you, which is kind of silly. You very much doubt that that is what's going on.

Eating on Earth is a different experience than eating on Alternia as well. For one, the food is plenty different. There's no real meats like 'pork' and 'beef' on your home planet, and there's definitely no vegetables. You're sure you would remember so rich a taste if you had ever tried it.

After a brief - very brief - discussion with Equius, he agrees to watch a movie with you. Just for fun, and to fulfill your little mischievous streak, you decide to make it a human redrom. See how he reacts to that.

You're kind of surprised that he even has a movie like that. It's not exactly the type of movie you would expect him to watch. He is quick to explain that it's more for Nepeta than himself - his moirail enjoyed redrom movies more than Aradia ever would have thought. You feel a stab of jealousy at the thought of them curled up on the couch, watching this movie, but you quickly repress it. She fills a quadrant. Moirails are important. End of story.

You curl up on the couch quietly, at one end, with a bunch of pillows supporting your head. Equius sits at the other end. He glances at you constantly. It's enough to drive a troll mad, just these half-looks and brief glances all the time.

About halfway through the movie, you realize that this is probably a very sad movie. All the better. If it makes you cry, then maybe it will help your cause in a very positive way.

You were right - it is a terribly sad movie. You feel the sniffles coming on, and, despite your earlier thoughts, you tell yourself over and over again that you're not going to cry. You feel yourself moving over to get closer to Equius, just gravitating towards another living creature in a time of need. Even though this isn't exactly a crisis.

You rest your head on his shoulder, startling him out of his little trance. You think that he was merely engrossed in the movie - just for Nepeta, obviously a lie - but he may have been deep in thought. That's not good. Deep thinking is never a good sign.

He shifts uncomfortably. It's clear that the idea of a Peasant like you mingling with a Highblood like him still doesn't quite sit right in his mind. You snuggle up closer to him - despite his strength, his arm is really an amazing pillow - and, after a moment, he relaxes a little. You take this as an opportunity to wrap an arm around his waist - seize the opportunity while you have the chance!

Great - you've made him uncomfortable again. Good job, Aradia. Real smooth. You move as though to let go, but he takes your hand and holds it where it is. You seem to have won a small victory.

Its not long, however, before the movie finishes, and, as it finishes, Equius takes it as his time to leave. You're a little confused - you've just basically snuggled together on a couch, and now he's just going to leave without saying a word?

No. You're not putting up with that. You came here for a feelings jam, and you're having a feelings jam, whether he likes it or not.

You float up from the couch - thank Gog you were allowed to keep your wings - and fly straight to him. There is a million things you want to say, but there