make promises you can’t keep to the weak.”

“This isn’t you, Si,” Clary tries. She flinches at his crass tone.

“Maybe, just maybe,” Simon says, leaning forward and creeping toward the edge of his couch, “This is who I was all along.”

“That’s not true. I’ve know you my whole life,” Clary says. Simon responds with a cruel laugh.

“I don’t care about how or why or whatever else you do with your kind,” Jace says, “But you need to follow the Accords.”

“You don’t tell me what to do, shadowhunter,” Simon replies, leaning back and pursing his lips.

“Don’t push it,” Jace says, hand on the hilt of his sword, “I’m being nice here. I’m going to act like the incident at the cemetery never happened because you’re Clary’s friend and you were newly turned.”

“Don’t do me any favors,” Simon says with a tone of indifference, waving Jace off, “And we’re not friends Fray, not anymore.”

The next time Clary sees Simon, she’s at Pandemonium with Jace and Alec, looking into a blood smuggling ring. She stops dead in her tracks when she sees him. Simon’s sitting on red vinyl couches, surrounded by beautiful men and women in various states of undress. Some of them are fellow vampires, for sure, but Clary recognizes that some of them  must  be mundanes by the way Simon is biting them and drawing blood from various places on their bodies.

He must sense her because his head darts up, blood splattering from the sudden motion. Simon passes the semi-conscious girl to one of his companions and uses a cloth napkin to wipe at the blood dangling from his lips. She stalks toward him, adrenaline pumping dangerous through her veins and blocking out everything that isn’t  him .

“Are you responsible for the blood smuggling ring?” She asks, confidence overwhelming her fear.

“Blood smuggling is pedestrian,” Simon replies, “I have better things to do. More important things to do.”

“Like what, blood orgies and gorging yourself?” Jace asks as he comes up beside Clary. He grabs her elbow in an attempt to calm her.

“Do not talk to me, shadowhunter,” Simon says, eyes flicking toward Jace to glare sharply at him, “I don’t have anything to do with smugglers and I’m not going to tell you anything I  do  know.”

“Si, please. Help us.”

“I’m bored now. Raphael, get them out of my sight,” Simon says. He turns his head to look expectantly at a tan man with dark eyes and dark, slicked back hair. The man, Raphael, steps forward, causing Clary and Jace to step back.

“Alright, okay, we get it. We don’t want any trouble,” Jace says. He grabs Clary’s hand and tugs her back toward the dancefloor.

Clary is put on ‘W.O.H.D.’ (Watch Over Hotel Dumort) duty because Alec figures she’s the one shadowhunter Simon won’t tear to pieces on sight. She wishes Simon was close to someone with a tougher stomach than her because she sees and hears things she’d rather not.

“Nothing in this life is free, fledgling,” Simon says. He’s towering over a naked, kneeling Raphael. In one hand, he has a chain leash which finds its way to a hoop on the black leather collar Raphael is wearing. The other is fisted in Raphael’s hair, scratching delicately at his scalp.

Raphael brings his hands up to Simon’s pants, undoing the button and pulling down his zipper. He grabs Simon’s pants and boxers by the waistband, bringing them down to just below his thighs. Simon sighs as his erection is freed, carding a hand through Raphael’s wet locks. He gives the hair a tug, pulling Raphael closer to his groin.

“Be a good boy and suck,” Simon commands.

Raphael eagerly complies, mouthing along the side of Simon’s shaft from base to tip. Once he’s reached the head, he takes it into his mouth and sucks around it enthusiastically before sliding his mouth all the way down to the bottom, deepthroating Simon. Simon groans, digging his fingernails into Raphael’s scalp. He’s not sure which one of them is more ecstatic about the fact that Raphael doesn’t need to breathe.

“Look at me,” Simon demands.

Raphael’s gaze locks with his immediately. He thrusts himself down Raphael’s throat. Raphael’s eyes flutter shut and he moans around Simon’s shaft. Simon starts fucking himself down Raphael’s throat, abusing his jaw with the force of it.

It doesn’t take long for him to come, body going taut. He drops the leash, metal clashing and reverberating along the walls. His fists both tangle in Raphael’s hair as he spills