his arms. He pushed back a strand of hair from her face. “I’ll see you tonight, Rum.”

He took the rose. “Yes, sweetheart, I’ll see you tonight.” He called her sweetheart without even thinking about it.

He let her go and he watched her walk away. She looked back at him once and smiled seductively at him.

He could feel his heart pounding. “You’re the one.” That’s what the card had said.

He entered Mr. French’s Florist Shop. That’s where he had been heading when he bumped into Belle.

Moe French and Gaston had witnessed the whole incident between Gold and Belle and neither of them understood what they had seen. They saw them embracing and they saw Belle give him the rose. It had shocked both of them.

“How can I help you, Mr. Gold?” Moe French tried to appear calm.

“I need to know who sent the flowers to me. The card didn’t say.” Gold wondered if they could hear his heart pounding.

“I’m afraid that information is confidential.” Moe wasn’t sure how that was going to go over.

“Are you sure? I really need to know so that I can thank the person properly.” Gold needed to know.

“I don’t know myself, Mr. Gold. Belle took the order and it was paid in cash. She wouldn’t tell me who the person was. She said that the woman asked that her identity be kept confidential.” He paused. “What did the card say?”

“You’re the one… it said You’re the one.” Gold turned to leave.

“Aren’t you forgetting something?” Moe pointed to the rose.

“No, I’m keeping it. I need to bring it to the dance tonight.” He exited the shop.

Moe French was incensed. “What does he think he’s doing? I don’t want him anywhere near Belle.”

Gaston was still confused. “She didn’t seem to mind when we saw them outside.”

That seemed to enrage Moe even more. “We need to get this batch of deliveries completed so that you can attend the dance. Sean’s coming in to help me with tonight’s deliveries so you’ll have the night free. Someone has to watch out for Belle.”

Mr. Gold left Moe French's shop, rose in hand. He had been in possession of the Valentine Rose for a good part of the day, but he could have never imagined that the rose would end up giving him the chance to spend the evening with Belle. He walked slowly back to his shop deep in thought. He closed up and drove back home to get ready for the dance.

Gold couldn't stop thinking about his encounter with Belle in front of her father's shop. He'd put his arm around her to steady her and it had felt as though she belonged there. She'd not only seemed comfortable with his arm around her, but she had also put her arm around him. How he'd wanted to kiss her. Now he was going to spend the evening with her, his arms around her as they danced together. He started to get nervous. What if she hadn't wanted him to keep the rose? What if she looked shocked or upset when she saw him with it? He had to stop thinking this way or he was going to be paralyzed. He kept reminding himself that she'd said "You're the one", the same thing that was on the card. That couldn't be a coincidence, could it?

He forced himself to push all of these doubts out of his mind. This was his chance to let Belle know once and for all how he felt about her. He decided to go all out and wear a red tie in honor of Valentine's Day, something he'd never done before. He thought Belle would like it.

When he was ready, he looked at himself in the mirror. He winced. Belle was so young and beautiful. What could she possibly see in him? He began to waver. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all. Then he looked over at the gardenia plant and gained back his strength. He plucked one of the flowers from the plant, took the rose and headed to the dance.

Belle had been smiling since her encounter with Rum. There was no doubt in her mind now that he was as taken with her as she was with him. The way he had held her and looked into her eyes and gently removed the strand of hair from her face… And then he had called her "sweetheart." Her heart raced every time she thought about it. She couldn't wait to be in his arms at the dance tonight. She wondered what Rum was thinking about. Did he know that the gardenia plant was from her? That she was his secret admirer?

The sound of her phone interrupted her thoughts.

"Dad?