I cannot stand you eating so little anyway."

Kagami looked outside, averting his gaze from Kuroko. The latter though, being a skilled observer, saw the faint blush of embarrassment from their ace.

"Damn it, stop smiling and just start your goddamn lesson!"

"Yes, of course. Be sure to take notes while you eat, Kagami-kun. We don't have much time."

They went inside Maji about 6 pm. It was already around 9 pm, and sure, every crew had noticed how they had been inside for about three hours.

Kagami had yet to eat his third burger. That was because he kept shouting whenever he could not comprehend the technical terms Kuroko was saying.

"I don't fucking understand! I think I got the calculation for this log shit, but now we're graphing it?!"

"Yes, it's necessary to also learn this."

"No way. I'm already tired."

"I'm expecting at least half of exam will be about graphs."

"You're joking."

"I'm afraid I don't know how to joke, Kagami-kun." Kuroko said. "Or else you're already giving up the Winter cup?"

"Damn it! Whatever! Just continue!"

Kuroko opened his bag and pulled out his Math notebook, whose pages contain grid lines of green, unlike regular ones which only have horizontal lines in them.

"So, first, we'll graph this function – log of x. For starters, we assign values of x, and compute for its logarithmic value. Then, you'll graph it to see how a regular logarithmic graph looks like. Are you following so far?"

"Can we, just use calculator or something? It's hard to compute log of 2 base 10 without it, you know?" Kagami said, recalling that they used calculator just a while ago to check if he answered correctly to Kuroko's quizzes.

"No, we already have the usual values. You can use it."

Kagami spent at least half an hour to calculate five values for the function, while Kuroko patiently explained to him what was wrong, or why he was having a hard time in simplifying it.

"Now, we are to plot these points in this Cartesian coordinate. At least you know this, right…?" Even Kuroko felt hesitant. He really hoped he did, or it would be a hell of a night to get back to the simplest basics.

"Of course! I know how to plot too! I'm not that dumb."

"I know." The teal haired smile, and Kagami caught that, before he looked anywhere again before blushing.

Kuroko also caught the other blushing, but before he could get to like that scene, he had more serious matters at hand.

However, before he could remind the other to start graphing, Kagami was already halfway through it. At least, this time he was quicker.

Then, after he saw the red head plotting the five points, he found it weird that he did not shouted something like "Nice! It's finished!" Instead, he saw him calculating more and more values, and graphing further down the y-axis.

"What the hell, Kuroko?"

"What is it?"

"It never reaches this vertical line."

Kuroko was dumbfounded. He never knew Kagami would be this academically curious about it.

"It asymptotic along y-axis. That's how you call it. No matter how far, how large the x will be, it will never be zero."

The shadow then looked at Kagami's plot. It was unnecessarily (yes, really) clean, a good graph. He saw a good curvature of the graph. He thought it would be more angular, but he thought wrong.

He stared at the plot. He thought of asymptotes. Somehow, it reminded him of his experience. Of Teikou.

No matter how much effort he put into basketball, he was never able to fully gain the trust of his teammates at that time.

He was asymptotic with them.

Then, he started asking himself – Will he be someday asymptotic with his current teammates as well?

Would he also go downward, like the graph, while trying to reach zero for infinity?

Or would he be able to go upwards and have no limits? No asymptotes?

He did not notice that there was a pair of concerned red eyes looking at him. It took him a little bit of "Kuroko, hey!" and some nudge in the shoulder before he realized how he was drowned in thoughts.

He noticed that Kagami was intently staring at him. Had he been doing that?

"I'm sorry, I'm a bit sleepy." Kuroko said. Why was he even thinking of those things when it was already a thing of the past?

He did not wish to fall more and more, go straight downward without reaching his goal, like that graph of logarithm.

"Let's go home, I think you'll manage just fine." He added, as he packed all his notebooks