.“How come you never finished work on that suit before? With such a feature having a huge potential to save even more lives.” Amélie asked.“Well all the theory was done and the suit had already been built, all that was left was to test it.” She replied.“And why did you not test it?” Ame asked.“It is a combination of not having time to test it and being too afraid to test it.” Angie replied.“Too afraid?”“Ja. Not knowing in what state the one I’d bring back would be in. I could end up doing more harm than help.” She continued.“I see. Primum non nocere.” Amélie said.“Precisely. The code that all doctors go by.” Angela said.“You even have it on the shoulder of your Valkyrie suit.” Ame said.“Ja. It’s a very important reminder to have when you are in the field.” Angela replied.

But before Amélie was able to say anything in return.She noticed a all too familiar glare from the bushes on the side of the road.“What is it?” Angela asked.But Amélie just pulled her down and said.“Watch out Sniper!”And just then a bullet went just above their heads.“What!?” Was all that Angela was able to say before the car went off the road.

“Ha Amateur.” Amélie said as she sat back up.The car had fallen down into the ditch on the side of the road so they were out of the line of sight from the sniper for now.“Angela?” She said and checked on her when she noticed that she was not moving.“Thank god you are still breathing.” She said after she had checked on her.“Now to get you out of here before the enemy arrive.” She continued as she started to pull Angela out of the car.But just as she had gotten her out of the car she heard someone from behind.So she grabbed Angela’s pistol  and turned around to see a Talon officer pointing his rifle towards her.“Do not do anything hasty Widowmaker.” He said.“Or what?” She replied.“Or we will might hurt Doctor Ziegler.” He said pointing with his rifle towards Angela.“Don’t you dare hurt her you bastards.” She said.“We won't as long you come with us.” He said.“Fine I’ll come with you. But only if you promise that you will leave Angela alone.” She replied with a serious tone.“Well I can promise that we will not do any harm to her at least.” He replied.“That won’t do. I will only go with you if you let her be here.” She said making sure that nothing could get to Angela from the front.“You know that we can not do that Widowmaker. Not only has she been in contact with you but she also have intel that could be of very good use for Talon.” He said.“If you do not leave her alone then I will kill myself.” She said and put the gun towards her head.The officer laughed and said.“Don’t be foolish Widowmaker. Do you really think that your death would prevent us from taking her with us. We don’t care for your life. You do not really have a life. You are not even human, You are only a tool, a weapon for Talon to use.” Amélie lowered the gun, not knowing what to do or what to say.She knew what the officer said was true. Talon really did not care if they took her dead or alive.But was she really alive? Or are she still even human after all that Talon had done to her?“No you are wrong!” a voice from behind just said.Angela had just come to.“Amélie is very much alive. I as a Doctor can quite clearly see that. You people have no right to use her like she was nothing more than a weapon for you to use. She is a human being not just some tool.” She continued.“Ha! You can really call her a human after all that she have done? Is not a monster a better word to use? If we really going to call her alive.” He laughed.“You people forced her to do all those terrible things. I would say that you are the monster here, not her.” Angela replied.Amélie just sat there staring at Angela.“That’s why you Overwatch people annoy me so much. You are too forgiving.” He said and went up to her and knocked her out again.“You bastard!” Amélie said, but before she was able to do something.The officer was shot in the head by a sniper.

“That could not be the same sniper from before” She said to herself.“And that would be correct my old friend.” A voice said.Amélie turned around and saw a woman in a mask with what looked like a sniper rifle swung over her shoulder.“Who are you?” Amélie asked.“A ghost from the past.” The woman replied and shot Amélie with a sleeping dart.

When Angela woke up, she was laying in a bed in