narrow and his jaw to be firmly set.

"We spend so much time together, Glorfindel, you spend more time with me than with anyone else. They talk. About us. They hear you use all of these.. endearing terms, and they say things," explained Erestor. 

"Well, obviously, they are wrong," snorted Glorfindel, who secretly wished they were right. "I suppose you want me to stop so that no one thinks you are.. well, you know, 'unclean', like I am," he stated, using the derogatory word that some Eldar used to refer to those who showed preference in the same gender. 

"What? Fin, you are being silly now," scolded Erestor. "I have told you often, there is nothing wrong with you. Glorfindel, it has more to do with me. Old as I may be, I like to think that I still have a chance at finding a wife. Stupid as it may seem, I still think that maybe, someday, I might be a father. It is rather difficult to court ladies when they say 'Oh, I thought you were with Lord Glorfindel, teehee'." The falsetto Erestor used to mimic the ellith made Glorfindel chuckle in spite of everything, and Erestor sighed. "I have been trying to think of a better way to say all of this to you, but I guess I can just blame it on the liquor." He raised his mug and drank from it again. 

"I have no desire to make you unhappy," conceded Glorfindel. "From now on, I shall do my best to refrain from such informalities."

~~~

"How are you fairing this morning, dear Lady Celebrian?" Glorfindel handed a yellow rose across the library counter to the lady of the valley.

Giggling and accepting the token, she leaned forward to kiss his cheek. "Very well and thank you, but Fin, please, stop calling me lady," she implored her cousin.

"I shall try my very best," he grinned. Looking past the elleth, he addressed the ellon working at the large, cluttered desk. "Good morning, Master Erestor."

"Good morning, Fin." Erestor looked up as if about to say something more, but shut his mouth and returned to his work.

"Well, I should get to work, then," said Glorfindel. "Good day to you both. Until tomorrow, Clebri, darling." Glorfindel exited, and Erestor let out a long sigh.

Turning around, Celebrian shook her head. "Master Erestor, I have noticed that ever since I came to live here, that there has been a certain.. higher degree of sadness about you."

Glancing up briefly, Erestor said nothing, and went back to his work.

"Is it me?"

"Good heavens, no!" Erestor rested his quill to the side and folded his hands upon the desk. "It is a joy to have you here in our home and in our valley.  You are most capable as an assistant, are always smartly dressed, and keep my interactions with library patrons to a minimum, which is most refreshing and allows me ample time to finish all of my tasks each day."

"That sounds awfully rehearsed, and not the answer I would expect after knowing you for so many centuries," she answered slyly. Erestor sighed and looked down at his hands. Approaching his desk, she twirled the flower between her fingers. "This was really meant for you, was it not?" 

"Maybe." Erestor shifted uneasily. "Most likely."

Recalling how in the past she had always seen some sort of golden or yellow flower in a vase on Erestor's desk until the day she began working in the library, she placed the rose on the papers Erestor had been looking at. "You know, I hate to be the one to bring it up," she said apologetically, "but, the reason why the ladies you show interest in bring up Glorfindel is not because they honestly believe that the two of you are involved romantically with one another, but because, you are very old and extremely intelligent and awfully intimidating. Plus, you can be a little stand-offish at times," she added, realizing that, as lady of the realm, she could finally say these things to Erestor, and shouldn't someone? "If I were the one in your position, I would favor a friendly companionship with someone who honestly does care about me, opposed to a convenient marriage." 

Erestor picked up the rose after Celebrian walked away.

~~~

"Uh, good afternoon, Erestor." Glorfindel stood up, having only glanced up from his paperwork once when he heard a knock on the open doorway, and then again upon seeing the counselor enter. "I.. was I to be expecting you?" 

"I came for tea," replied the dark elf, somewhat uncertainly.

"Oh?"

"You invited me," Erestor reminded him.

"Did I?" Glorfindel stood up, clearing away the ledgers to make room for it, and promptly gave up and pulled his chair around to the empty desk that faced his in the middle of the room.