only slightly dented. Whoever is using it isn't hurting it in any way. He'd shown Archie how to use it when he'd gone through his astronomy phase- how to get up to the flat, even, edged-in roof of the garage and back down safely- and made him promise to never go up there alone. 

“I won't, Dad,” Archie assured him with the confidence only a ten year old could inspire. “Jughead's coming over. And Betty,” he added as an afterthought. 

“Betty Cooper? Archie, there is no way Alice is going to let her on the roof.” Fred arched an eyebrow. 

“Her mom's visiting her grandma and her dad said it's fine,” Archie waved a hand negligibly. 

Fred had kept sneaking over to the window and cracking it open to check on the kids. Mary had been sitting up in bed, pouring over a dusty leather bound legal tome- a little light reading, she'd called it as she laughed at him. She was probably right to laugh. They were good kids and well behaved. Betty Cooper was curled up in pink pajamas printed all over with soft purple sheep, her hair tied up in little buns. Jughead, wrapped in a ratty sleeping bag, glared at the cold as though it were a tangible thing. Archie, flipping through the books with a flashlight, spilling over with half-remembered facts, misquoted, dominated the conversation. 

As the night wore on, Archie's voice droned lower and lower- and finally stilled. For a long while, it was quiet whenever Fred stuck his head outside. He decided to move over to Archie's room where the view was a little clearer. Archie lay flat on his stomach, drooling a little and snuffling in his sleep, head pillowed on his crossed arms. A little ways away, Jughead had spread out his sleeping bag to cover the corner of the roof and was laying on his back, looking at the sky. Betty sat on the edge of it, arms wrapped around her knees, face tilted up.

“Orion is the hunter- those three bright ones there, those are the belt.” Jug was saying, voice soft, gesturing a little. Betty's eyes were shining in the dark. Jug wasn't looking at her, but he knew. Fred could tell from the way his words stole gently over, answering her questions in measured, even tones with near infinite patience. Fred closed the window and went back to bed.

The phone rings when he gets home from work the next day. Fred picks up. Listens. Then he pulls the phone a little from his ear, wincing from the shrill voice on the other line. 

“Honestly,” Fred interrupts, looking out into the yard where the ladder leans against the side of the house next door, a pair of worn boots beating a quick retreat, “I'm thinking Archie is probably the least of your worries, Alice.” 

He sees Jughead against the side of the house, his face red, his hand over his lips like he's just figured out that he has them, they exist, there is a purpose to these. 

Fred waits up in the garage, reading the new Stephen King. He is on chapter three when he hears the quiet hiss of the sliding door, opening and closing. A rattle of chain. 

“Good evening, Jughead.” Fred says pleasantly. The boy jumps. Flushes. “Need anything from the shed?” He asks innocently. 

“Oh. Ah. No. Thank you.” Jughead says stiffly. 

“Someone kept messing with my ladder. Could have been dangerous,” Fred says casually, swinging a key around on his finger. Jughead watches the motion warily. 

“Yeah.” He gives himself a little shake. “Yeah. Sorry.... sorry to bother you. I'll head to bed.” 

“You do that,” Fred smiles. 

Maybe it is just that Fred likes to know things. He knows a few things. He knows that the life he has is not the life that Mary wanted- that all the love in the world sometimes isn't enough. He knows what caring about people is like, when you don't know where it is going, even when you can see the end on the horizon, your path headed that way like a set of train tracks. The derailment is inevitable. He knows what it's like to see the girl next door- all big glasses and braces and little kid saddle shoes shoot up into the girl of your dreams. He knows what it's like to see it and hold it- and to lose it, blown off in the wind of a world much bigger than just love. 

Fred remembers the last time Archie took the ladder. He pretended not to know, of course. Part of it was plausible deniability- part of it was the hopeless romantic that refused to die, even after Mary had stopped texting past settled in Chicago, miss you guys. 

Betty Cooper didn't make the cheer team. 

“Big surprise.