You making Sakana no nitsuke*… For me?"

"I told you, it was my turn to make dinner and I wanted to make something special."- He lean back and kissed Kakashi ever so lightly on the lips, before going back to his cooking.- "I made Miso with eggplant, then Samna and for dessert Daifuku cakes with strawberry. I know you don't like sweets that much but I made sure these weren't too sweet, plus with the tea, you even won't notice."

"Maybe, you can forget about this dinner."- Trying to get his way.-"I'm not even hungry anyway."

"Noh, I made all this for you, so you'll eat it!"-Trying to look mad but failing horrible.-"Now go take a shower you smell like dog."

"Ahh, oh right! "- Still not letting go of his lover."Would you at least come do my back?"-No one can blame him for trying…

Iruka just shakes his head and continued with the cooking. Kakashi finally came down and against all the pictures that Iruka have been making on his head, he was just wearing a t-shirt and jeans, no shoes, no mask; hair spiking up as always. Iruka had become accustomed to Kakashi not wearing his mask around the house, but still every time he'll see him with out it. Was like the first time… Breathtaking. Kakashi sat down on the table and for the first time no book. He just sat and waited for Iruka.

Iruka on the other way was speechless; he couldn't stop staring at his lover.

"Want me to help you with something I-run-ka?"

"Naah…Well, why don't you prepare the tea?"

They sat facing each other and started with the soup which Iruka new it was Kakashi's favorite. They were half way with the fish when Iruka drop one of his chopsticks while showing Guy's sensei reaction when they almost crash on the store. The chopstick landed near Kakashi's feet.

"Wait I think I got it."-His chin almost resting on the table.

"Just leave it. I'll get up and get another pair."

"No, need I got it!"

"I'll have to wash it anyway."

Iruka was lean just in front of Kakashi's face, and he couldn't resist he just had to kiss him. And dinner went to hell. Well, at least they made to the main plate, many times before they didn't even make it to the table. Kakashi in an attempt to hug Iruka send them both to the floor. He started to get rid of that annoying piece of fabric between him and his lover, Iruka's shirt.

"Kashi… Kashi wait"-Panting and really trying not to lose control- "The floor is cold"- Bamboo floors not exactly warm.

"Sorry."- Slowly getting up.-"You wanna continue dinner."

"No, I'm full. Why don't we go into the bedroom and I give your other present?"- Whispering the last on Kakashi's ear.

"Other present?"-Shivers down his spine.

"Think you'll need help unwrapping it?"- taking off his shirt

"I'm pretty sure I can manage"

Before Iruka could say otherwise, Kakashi had swept him off his feet and carried him into the bedroom. They end up having dessert sitting on the bed around three in the morning.

"So, what am I supposed to call you now?"-Tracing patterns on Kakashi's stomach- "Hokage-Sama, Rokudaime-Sama, or Kakashi-Sama?"

"You know I love when you call me Kashi, so I guess I'll stick with that one."-Placing a chaste kiss on his lover's lips.-"You think I should promote Naruto to a Jounin?"

 

*https://goo.gl/images/ZFkQrB

 

As always, thank you

Ever wonder how they got togheter


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 


IV



Scare to Death




I am not afraid to say that I love you anymore 





then used to be, but





 I am scared to death to fall in love with you...



 

 

 

He seriously was running off excuses to be around Iruka all the time, now with Naruto gone there was no reason for him to be bumping into the young chunin all the time. So before Iruka started to file a complain of harassment against him, he decided to go to Tsunade and request to be put back on Anbu missions; that did the trick only for a day, he end up missing Iruka and wanting to go back to Konoha just to see him. Kakashi started to think he was going mad and he finally found out for sure when he came back only to find Iruka having dinner with Raido. Nothing to worry. If only he had not overheard a conversation between Raido and Aoba, where he confesses to have feelings towards Iruka. For the first time on his life he felt jealousy, he wanted to walk to them and yell at Iruka for being with another guy, and tear Raido's