guest and one day she was having a conversation with her family. 

“I want Derek here, living permanently. Or at least until he is adapted to being human” 

John agreed with Claudia “I think is a great idea” 

Derek looked not too much sure of what to say. “I don’t want to cause problems here Ms. Stilinski”

“See? He doesn’t want to” John looked at him wondering what was wrong with his son. 

“Der, It’s Claudia and you know it. You all know that I am alive and well because of Talia. And this is my chance to do something important to her, wherever she is.” 

They were in silence for a moment, no one knew what to say after that. Stiles broke the silence, unable of being quiet too long.  

“Mom, it’s your decision, yours and dad, and I respect that. Derek, welcome to the family officially” Claudia smiled and John coughed.  “What?...Oh! NO! No that way!”



 xxXxxXxxXxx 

“Honey, I know you don’t want him here”

 “Mom! You scared me. And I don’t know what are you talking about” 

She gave him a significant look. “Really, Stiles?” 

“I’m still no idea what you are saying” 

Claudia walked inside the room and close the door.  She sat on Stiles’ bed and wait for him to speak. She knew he’d talk eventually. 

“Okay. Does dad know? Or Derek?” 

“Your dad is not as oblivious as you. And Derek is so confused with being human that I don’t know. But let me tell you kid, the pack can smell it on you every time you look at him. I’m sure.” She smiled at Stiles’ embarrassment. “Come here” 

Claudia repositioned on the bed and waited for Stiles. They were hugging like when Stiles was five and afraid of the storm or ten and crying because John was shoot in the leg.
“I don’t know what I’m going to do with him all the time here. What if he notices something and don’t want to be my friend anymore and everything change?” 

“You two are friends like you and Scott, I can tell you that much. And the pack is trying to move on, going to college and make a better life for themselves. There will be changes. Make sure you make the most of it”   

“Thanks mom. I don’t know what I’d do without you”



 xxXxxXxxXxx 

Derek. That was other problem. She wasn’t his mom but she had the mom instinct. She saw at pack meetings or when Derek was around the house how he stared too long at Stiles when he thought nobody was watching. She had a lot of work to do if she wanted those two admit their feelings. 

The other thing she needed to do was made Derek’s life easier. He was ashamed of being human, he didn’t know what to do without the wolf. Claudia saw it so many times in the past weeks of Derek living there. 

She had a talk with Stiles, asking for help. She knew that Stiles would do it even if Derek didn’t want his help. Specially his help. Derek didn’t want to look weak. The talk had the effect she wanted. About two weeks since then, she half listen half saw his kids (because, yes, Derek was his kid too) at the kitchen. Stiles was irritated. 

“Why didn’t you say anything before?! Let me see”

“Stiles…don’t…it’s okay”

“No, it’s not. Let. Me. See.” Sighing, Derek took his shirt off. 

Claudia saw Stiles’ cheeks turned a soft pink, but he managed a “Oh my God”. Not because Derek himself, but because Derek had cuts and bruises all over him. His arms and hands were the worst. 

“How this happened?” Stiles asked softer. 

“I…I don’t know how to be human. I keep trying to do things and having cuts with a knife or with stupid paper. “ 

 “Come here. I have supplies at my room” 

“You don’t have to…”

“I have. Mom and dad let you stay for a reason” 

Claudia moved from her hiding spot and saw the pair going upstairs.



 xxXxxXxxXxx 

 xxXxxXxxXxx 

 xxXxxXxxXxx 

 xxXxxXxxXxx 

“What happened?”  

 “I’m fine” but Derek was holding back pain. Claudia saw the same expression on Stiles so many times… 

“You, don’t move. Mom, call an ambulance!” 

“What happened?” she insisted. 

What happened was Derek falling from the roof and breaking an arm. His boys fought all the way until the hospital. Derek wanted to do something, since he didn’t have a job and fixing the roof was his idea. Stiles screamed at him that he didn’t need to do things. Claudia didn’t say anything, just watched. 

After