I won’t have a car tonight,” she asked him, and he had no idea which piece she had her eye on.  He must have looked panicked, because she laughed at him.  “Relax, red’s not my color.”

Blushing he turned his full attention to her, working through the transaction details quickly and apologetically, and gave the backstory he had for that particular piece.  She seemed the type who wanted to know where something came from, not just the materials.  She seemed amused by his distraction, which was the only thing that kept Grantaire from giving up on art right then and there, and just becoming a monk of the Temple of Enjolras.  Enjolras had lead him to distraction before, even inspired a few pieces (though maybe not the one he had his eye on?  Grantaire wasn’t sure, he had been pretty drunk while painting that series), but Enjolras had never been so present as to almost lose him business.

The power Enjolras wielded over him was terrifying, more so now that Enjolras seemed to be actively seeking out Grantaire’s presence.  It had been one thing when he didn’t think Enjolras knew who he was—it was like his crush on Matt Damon: an impossibility, and thus, a non-issue.  To be honest, Matt Damon had seemed a lot more attainable than Enjolras.

Enjolras walked over to him, standing too close.  “I should go, I’m already going to be a little late for the next panel.  I’ll see you tonight?”

“You will.  Try not to beef with anyone else, okay?”

Enjolras smiled, and the smile got Grantaire through the rest of the day.  He stopped on the way home and bought himself a celebratory pizza to hopefully share with Enjolras and all but skipped his way back.  When he got to the apartment, he got a text from Combeferre which read, “Enjolras got held up, won’t be there until nine. Here is his number; I am not a carrier pigeon,” with Enjolras’s number at the bottom.

Grantaire ate a few slices of pizza, before deciding to take the time while Enjolras was out to co-wash his hair, which he really meant to do the day before, and would have if Enjolras had not been there.  There were a lot of vulnerabilities he was willing to expose in front of complete strangers and/or Enjolras: his alcoholism, his self-esteem issues, his uncontrollable pessimism (which really, see: self-esteem issues); but the care he took in his hair, in maintaining the parts of his appearance he had decided to care for, was too much.  

Enjolras could judge him for drinking, but he wasn’t sure he could handle anyone calling attention to the time and energy he gave his hair.  It helped that he was greeted in the bathroom by a surprise second towel, that he assumed Enjolras must have gotten out of guilt.  He got into the shower and started the laborious process of co-washing and detangling his hair.  He heard Enjolras open the door while he was still rinsing, and tried to call a greeting through the door.  He didn’t get a response, but realized why pretty quickly, because either Enjolras had bought someone to their tiny apartment (absurd) or he was on the phone (as per usual).

Smart money said with Combeferre.  He stepped out of the shower and began trying to towel squeeze some of the water out of his hair, so he could oil his scalp and put in his leave-in conditioner and actually exit the bathroom at some point that evening.

“You don’t understand it, though.  It was incredible; he was incredible.  He was witty and friendly, Ferre,” point one for Grantaire, “he was so smart and she just ate it up—I ate it up!  No, no, I’m not just talking about his salesmanship, give me some credit.  His work is incredible.  Well, no, I can’t think of another word.  I’m not used to art moving me like that.  I don’t usually get it, but I got this.  You know that scene in Parks and Rec?  When they’re designing the mural and Tom gets all emotional about shapes?  That was me, I was Tom Haverford!  Also I think he knows my favorite pizza toppings?”

Grantaire felt at the point, he had really listened to enough and he should let Enjolras know he was there.  Actually, technically, he thought he passed that point by quite a bit, but his body was less than cooperative, and so he had needed to wait for it to catch up with his morality, which was not usually the order that happened in.  In general, his morality tended to lag behind other processes, and he’d be halfway through doing something terrible before he realized that he it was terrible.

Grantaire walked out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel, because he had thought he would be quicker, or maybe he hadn’t thought at all (regardless, he hadn’t brought any clothes