you. I did mention it to my mother. She replied with repeating the oaths she wanted me to make. She asked how I was able to swallow bites of those rich meals I had written about, knowing Czech were starving, and not only for food, but for freedom also. Her letters, I thought, were growing bitter. Insufferable, I thought. No, I did not. I learned the word later. But I did ask myself if I had no right to be happy. And I did not ask my mother.

Hogwarts was strange and a first school I had attended then. In Czech? I was taught at home, because education was controlled by the regime, my parents said. So was the wizarding education. Oh, I heard something of those schools when we were in Switzerland. Runaway students said they were all taught field magic, agricultural magic. How to grow things. Some went to technological schools and there they learned how to control metals with their magic. This branch was still, ah, rather experimental, and there were many accidents. No, no Divination or Astrology – those were considered bourgeois. And you can imagine how did History of Magic look like. Well. I was put in the fourth year at Hogwarts, even though at the time I could have be a sixth. My knowledge, they said, was incomplete and disorganized and it needed systematizing before expanding. The children – all of them were children, no matter how old, I thought. With their clean faces and smooth hands and bright eyes. They made sensation out of me. For a while. They wanted to know the story. What story, I asked. Oh, there must have been a story, they said, a reason for her being here. Do tell, they said. I was born in 1954, I said. Stalin had been dead for a year. And so I told, half what my mother made me swear to tell and half what the children around her wanted to hear. Proportions have changed over time. I added spies, explosives, torturers. I made up a kidnapping of myself. However, the demand began to drop and then, no one cared any more. Others could tell my story as well as I did. Do you see her?, was the beginning. The dark one, there. She is Zenia and she is invaded by the Soviet Union. It was a certain short-cut which made the story easier to tell if you had only ten minutes of the break-time. I felt as a country in a body. My mother, I thought, would have been proud. Somehow, it didn’t make it better.

It took a mere month, the process of turning my person into a flag. A short time for me to learn all secrets of Hogwarts and, given my situation, it is no surprise I learnt none. Afterwards, I didn’t bother. People annoyed me and I needed my grades to be the best. Was I a Ravenclaw? Oh no, dear. Do you know me so little? I was a Slytherin. Daddy – no, daddy was a Hufflepuff. Year above me. We didn’t meet at the school. Or we did. There could be excuse mes in the crowd. Leaves flying from shoulder to shoulder. Doorknobs touched by me and then by him. Such  things. No, I didn’t have a boyfriend. No, not many friends. It was me and my excessive ambition, as my father learned to call it. What I was going to say was that due to my somewhat reclusive nature, I had little idea of what was going on, socially, politically. I was vaguely aware of a conflict between Slytherin and Gryffindor, but the nature and consequences of this antagonism escaped me. My goal was to go through Hogwarts and then disappear, leave my Czech-ness behind, become free in some total manner. I too was starving, but my mother did not see it. I was buried under old parchment and I didn’t notice things. Ridiculous, if you look at it, because I shared a common room with the future Death Eaters. There were too many normal people for me to notice them, I suppose. But I was asked if I were a pureblood. Usually, I said I didn’t know, because I was busy with some essay or another. I don’t care, I said once, translating some runes. My translation made no sense. There was silence after I replied and then she, I can’t remember the name, asked me how could I not care. Well, soon afterwards I learned I couldn’t. When I returned to the pub in the village on the weekends, my father and the old man sat together listening to the radio. There were people gone and their bodies found. Mutilated, a new word for me. I can’t see it again, my father said. I can’t live through it again. But where will I go to, I am too weak now. I can’