react. I was immensely grateful for that. 



 



The seconds ticked by, then minutes and the whole room was silent except for the occasional crack of the embers to my right. When I was steady and felt up for it, I rose to my feet and padded to the sofa, collapsing into it without so much as a second thought. Oh, this was so much better than a floor! How long had it been since I had slept on something other than the pavement? Too long, far too long!



 



I resisted the urge to roll around when I realised something. I hadn’t washed since God knew when, I was probably spreading all sorts of filth onto the lovely leather sofa. I paused and felt a little guilty when I saw a patch of dirt that had been rubbed on from my bare feet. I warily poked at it and looked back at him, as if to apologise. 



 



To my surprise, he simply lifted his hand and waved it. “It can be cleaned. Stop looking so pitiful and sleep already,” he said firmly accenting it with a shake of the head.



 



If I could, I would have laughed in happiness and though I was unable to, it didn’t stop the burst of warmth from filling me inside out. It wasn’t the food and it wasn’t the fireplace but it was something else. For the first time in what seemed like years, I was happy. I was truly content and happy. I stilled and settled down into the sofa and while I did my best to push down the hope that was welling up, I couldn’t help but wish that I could stay here, just a little longer. My dreams were peaceful when I drifted.



 



When I woke up, I found a blanket draped over my body. I inhaled deeply, it smelt of him.



 



~*~



 



I wasn’t sure how it happened, but I somehow ended up living with him. Sherlock Holmes, that was his name. Sherlock Holmes the Consulting Detective, whatever the hell that meant. I didn’t care, why would I? It wasn’t as if I was his client (the thought of this made me internally chuckle) and there was no room for me in those harebrained deductions of his. What he did as his occupation had nothing to do with me. As long as I had a roof over my head and food, that was all that mattered. 



 



To me, Sherlock Holmes was a genius, a crazy genius that talked for hours on end to himself, that desecrated his violin at ungodly hours, that sometimes refused to eat unless I nudged him towards the fridge or handed him takeout menus. (Even then, he ignored me.)



 



To me, Sherlock Holmes was my best friend. My only friend.



 



He gave me meaning in life, saved me when I was dying and for that, I was grateful. His attitude may have been callous and most of his words and theories flew over my head, but never in my life had I adored a man more. Of course, he’d never know any of this and I was perfectly fine with it, I was content with just being with him. Simply being in the same room as Sherlock filled my heart with joy.



 



This wasn’t to say that the man was perfect, far from it. Sometimes, he drove me absolutely insane. There were many times where I woke up to the smell of burning and had to be ushered out of the house because of small localised explosions, but this was something I would never trade away.



 



“John.”



 



My head lifted and I stared at him.



 



“Get my phone,” he commanded, holding out his hand.



 



I obeyed without question because Lord only knew that this man was too lazy to get it himself.



 



~*~



 



The first time he took me to a crime scene, I was assaulted by the smell of blood and immediately, I felt sick. I made a noise of protest but I stayed close to him, I shuddered at the idea of losing him in a place like this. The idea of losing Sherlock at all made me feel a sense of dread that I never wanted to experience again. To lose Sherlock would be to go to the life I had before him and I never wanted to feel that sensation of helplessness again. The days of waiting for death were over.



 



I looked up at him and stood firm. I had a reason to live now.



 



An older man approached us. Among all the sights and smells, I had hardly noticed him but he wasn’t wearing a uniform. He wasn’t like the other people that were running around senselessly, it was as if they didn’t know what to do with the dead body that sat in the middle of the dusty warehouse. He barked orders at the senseless mass and moved towards us in wide efficient strides. His steps steady but weighted, he was stressed. Not surprising, there was a corpse just twenty feet away.



 



“Sherlock, what the hell are you thinking? Why are you bringing—”



 



“He’s my assistant, Lestrade,” Sherlock