behind everyone. Apparently none of them felt the desire to help him deal with the other super.

“Maki~chan don’t be mean!” Toudou glared through the screen but the glared didn’t last long as Makishima just raised an eyebrow. “I called to congratulate you on making the news! Not of course your face, unfortunately for everyone, but you were mentioned!”

“This is far from the first time I’ve been on the news Toudou.” Makishima rolled his eyes again, he did that an awful lot around Toudou. “Why did you actually call.”

“Am I not allowed to just call my best rival about being on the news??”

“It would not be the stupidest reason you’ve ever called me for.” He allowed trying not to rub at the headache he could feel forming. Normally he wouldn’t push it but Toudou had that look on his face, the one that meant he actually had something to tell Makishima. “Last chance before I hang up Toudou.”

“Fine don’t let me get through the pleasantries first.” Toudou huffed out an irritable breath and crossed his arms. He was very nearly pouting and it was all Makishima could do not to crack a smile. “The other reason I called was to invite you and your protege to train with me. There’s someone who I think should meet you both.”

“What makes you think the alien kid is my protege?” Makishima raised an eyebrow.

“Well for starters that I didn’t say who your protege is, you did.” Toudou smirked and Makishima wished he could reach through the screen. Then he flicked his hair back alway from his face, as if his headband didn’t already keep it out of his face. “Besides I’ve seen footage of some of your fights. The two of you have very similar fighting styles.”

Makishima made an irritable noise and waved his hand. “Fine, send me the time and place.”

“I knew I could count on you Maki~chan!!” Toudou grinned and the communications unit went quiet. A few minutes later Makishima’s phone buzzed as Toudou’s text came in.


Toudou paced around the practice room as he waited. It had been days since he’d sent the text and despite numerous texts that followed Makishima hadn’t actually answered him. He’d read them at least though, that much Toudou could guarantee.


“Toudou.” Toudou glared up at his protege as he drifted down to where Toudou could actually hear him speak. “Why are we here so early? Your message to your friend said to meet half an hour from now.”

“Best rivals are always early to sparing matches.” Toudou sniffed shaking his hair out. “That’s your first lesson Manami.”

Manami sighed and drifted back up again. Toudou wasn’t entirely sure what Manami was, the boy hadn’t felt the need to tell anyone when he joined but Toudou would get some kind of alien. Or maybe a mix breed of some kind, there were a few of those on their team. In any case Toudou knew he wasn’t human, he didn’t have the aura of a human, plus occasionally he had wings.

“You’re early again.” Makishima’s voice broke through Toudou’s thoughts and he whipped around to see Makishima standing, or slouching rather, with the alien boy floating behinf him.

“Of course I am.” Toudou instantly regained composure flashing a grin at Makishima and the boy. “I’m your best rival Maki~chan. Of course I’m early.”

“Who are you?” Toudou struggled not to jump as Manami spoke from behind him.

Makishima didn’t even bother answering, which annoyed Toudou until he realized that it wasn’t Makishima that Manami had been addressing.

“You are not human.” The boy who floated behind Makishima looked puzzled for a moment before smiling and answering the question. “I am Onoda Sackamichi! Who are you?”

“Manami Sangaku.” Manami floated over Toudou’s head and Toudou directed a glare up at him, not that he’d notice. It did allow Toudou to watch as Onoda joined Manami in floating over everyone’s heads. He and Manami started circling each other, sizing on another up or something Toudou wasn’t really sure. He could no longer hear what the two were saying.

“So what’s he do then? He’s got to be impressive to hold your attention.” Makishima’s voice was closer than it had been before and when Toudou turned to speak he found the other less than a hands span away from him. “He seems to be getting along well with Onoda, that’s not really surprising though Onoda gets along well with everyone.”

“You aren’t asking what he is?” Toudou looked at Makishima puzzled. He hadn’t expected Makishima to not be curious.

“I wouldn’t ask questions you don’t know the answer to.” Makishima shrugged and gestured up at the two who were now exchanging blows that were casual despite their appearances. “