his sergeant was affected. 

“Y-yeah.” Donut answered, which was the first thing he said since the recording ended. Grif heard the tremor in his voice, so it was obvious his lightish-red teammate was upset as well. 

Wash watched his friends start to show their reactions. It broke his heart more than Epsilon’s message. The emotions of Epsilon being gone still hadn’t hit him. It was like there was a blank spot in his mind, and he refused to process this loss. He was mostly worried about Caboose. He knew that the blue valued Church a lot. He remembered when he was depressed because Carolina and Church had left them alone. Of course, Freckles made him feel better, but that was him just denying his feelings.

“Well, I think we should start to call for help. The UNSC will be faster than Hargrove was, most likely.” Wash suggested. It was all he could say, considering if he said anything relating to Church then he would surely break. Epsilon was his friend too, after all.

“What the Hell, Wash? Church is gone. Why do you care if we’re saved or not?!” Tucker practically screamed at him. Ouch. Tucker really didn’t care to be saved? Wash’s emotions finally appeared, and it was bad. He walked away into the forest, causing Tucker to sigh. Maybe he shouldn’t have said that.

“What do we do now?” Doc asked, feeling completely useless in this situation. Usually, he would suggest they breathe deeply, or just to be calm, but now, it seemed nothing would work. No one responded.

A few minutes passed, and Wash returned, looking a bit more composed than when he left. 

“There’s a ship coming to get us. Say goodbye to Chorus, I guess. We should go meet up with Kimball and all the lieutenants.” Wash advised. Tucker was still angry. Why was Wash not upset? Did Epsilon mean anything to him or was he just another dumb AI? It didn’t make sense.

“Yeah, we should do that. But we have to find Carolina first. She still hasn’t-Wait.” Tucker felt a presence in his mind. It wasn’t Epsilon, though. It was the feeling of fear. Theta.

A small pink-ish hologram appeared in front of him. It was Theta. 

“Theta! Is there any sign of Epsilon? Is he still alive?” Wash rushed through his sentence. Maybe there was hope after all. Caboose immediately moved his head towards Theta. Was his best friend okay? 

“No. But the rest of us are here. Even Eta and Iota.” Theta advised. At least the rest of the AIs were okay. Wash was disappointed, and Caboose looked down. Church really was gone. 

All the AIs appeared; Sigma, Eta, Iota, Delta, Omega, and Gamma. No Epsilon, though. After a few seconds, they all disappeared. 

“You remember in his message, he said they would be here.” Tucker didn’t use Church’s name, which Wash took note of. 

“Yeah. I’m going to go look for Carolina. You guys head to where Kimball and everyone else is. I’ll catch up.” Wash advised, and started walking.

It took him half an hour, but he found Carolina. She was sitting against a tree, her knees pulled up against her chest, staring blankly. There were tear tracks on her cheeks, obviously she’d been crying.

“We’re heading towards Kimball’s ship. Come on.” Wash reached out his hand, an offer to help her stand up. She took it, and they walked silently towards where the reds and blues were.

This was an extremely long chapter because why not?

Kimball and the lieutenants were standing around, waiting for an explanation as to why their red and blue friends were so upset. Kimball walked over to Wash and Carolina.

“What the fuck is going on? Everyone’s so silent and upset, what happened?” Kimball was genuinely confused as to why not her friends were cheering instead of being silent and/or crying inside their helmets. They beat the Chairman, what did they have to be upset about? Thoughts raced through her mind. What if the Chairman was alive? Did he survive? She hoped that wasn’t that case, but if it wasn’t then why were they upset?

“I think you should all get near Tucker. The-there’s a message.” Carolina’s voice faltered. She really didn’t have any desire to see Epsilon say goodbye again, but Kimball and the others needed to know. Tucker looked away from Theta, him logging off. 

“Can you take Ch-,” Tucker cleared his throat.

“I mean, the AIs? I don’t want to watch the message again.” He corrected himself. It was really going to be hard getting used to all the thoughts being gone from his head, but he would