proudly from his groin. Like a bitch in heat she pounced on the dick and began slurping over it up and down.

Harry laughed and grabbed her head, regulating her pace as she went down on him.

“Wow Mum, you give really good head,” Rose commented offhandedly.

Hermione nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard Rose’s voice. Letting go of Harry’s dick, she turned to find Rose sitting beside her on the sofa in flimsy pajamas.

“Rose,” Hermione tried to sound stern as she tried to fix her disheveled appearance, “What are you doing here?”

Instead of receiving an answer, she felt Harry’s hand force her mouth back on his dick as he started moving in and out.

“You know Hermione,” Harry said his dick moving in and out her mouth like it was a fuck hole, “If you don’t give me pleasure then I’ll just take it myself.”

Hermione sat there helpless as Harry used her mouth like a pussy. His huge dick moving in and out of her mouth at a rapid pace. By now she had grown accustomed to taking Harry’s dick in her mouth but still it was enough to send tingle down to her vagina.

Rose sat there aroused as she saw her uncle use her mother like a piece of meat to fuck. Slowly one of her hand sneaked through her pajama bottoms and started rubbing her pussy.

But it wasn’t enough, Rose decided as she saw her mother’s delicious globe moving rhythmically up and down as Harry skull fucked her. Reaching out with one hand she grabbed it.

Hermione jumped when she felt a soft hand and much smaller than Harry’s grab her breast and started kneading. Soon though, the sensations were too much and she started moaning around Harry’s cock.

Harry grunted as he felt Hermione moan around his cock. Looking down, he saw Rose kneading her mother breast with one hand while the other was hidden beneath her pajama bottom furiously rubbing her little cunny as she too moaned in tandem with her mother. Smirking he grabbed one of Rose’s upturned legs and pulled her closer to himself and Hermione.

Rose’s eyes shot open when she felt a hand yanking her. Looking up she saw her uncle grinning evilly at her. Next moment, her pajama bottom were ripped apart and her pussy was left bare.

“Why hide Rose,” Harry said, “Come on, masturbate for your uncle and mommy.”

Emboldened by Harry’s word, Rose began rubbing her cunt faster, her moans getting louder.

Harry pulled out of Hermione’s mouth and turned her around, “Scoot over Rose,” Harry said focused on Hermione’s ass, as he too got up on the large sofa. Rose nodded and scooted to one side. Harry grabbed Hermione’s waist and turned her head towards where Rose lay as he got behind her.

“No closing your eyes Hermione,” Harry said lifting her curly brown hairs and whispering in her ears as he lined his cock with her pussy.

“Come on Rose put up a show,” Harry said as he slammed into Hermione’s pussy. Her tight walls opened for just a moment to let him in before clenching around his cock like a vice, throbbing and pulsating around his shaft.

Harry involuntarily let out a groan as he felt Hermione’s pussy clamp around himself. Fucking his best friend always felt brilliant to him.

On the other hand, Rose had taken off her top and was pulling her nipple while rubbing her pussy while she looked at her mother being fucked relentlessly. The depravity of the scene was more than enough to get her off and she came with a loud moan, soaking her hand with her juices.

Hermione’s eyes were half lidded with pleasure as Harry pistoned in and out of pussy. His cock was so huge and wide. Just taking it in would make women orgasm. To feel it moving in and out of their cunt was an incredible sensation. Add the fact that her daughter was rubbing her pussy so shamelessly in front of her, brought Hermione close to her ultimate peak and when her daughter came, trembling and shaking like a fallen leaf, her fingers glistening with her sweet juices she couldn’t take it anymore and squirted around Harry’s cock coating his shaft and balls with a thick load of girl cum.

“Stick your fingers inside her mouth, Rose,” Harry shouted as he increased his pace. His balls were boiling with cum and he could feel his orgasm approaching.Rose nodded and pulled up Hermione’s head which had fallen to the sofa after cumming so hard and slowly put her fingers inside her mouth.

Hermione, still in the afterglow of orgasm, moaned slowly as she tasted the sweet nectar of her daughter’s pussy and began lapping at her fingers.

Harry seeing Hermione lick her daughter’s juices so enthusiastically couldn’t hold it in anymore and came undone inside Hermione’s pussy. His cock throbbing as he unloaded spurt after spurt of his baby making seed inside her womb.

After a few huge spurts, Harry pulled his cock out of Hermione’s pussy. It