since tears were whelming up in Danielle’s eyes again.

"I’ll stop when you tell her." Zayn smirked.

"Liam.. What’s he talking about?" Danielle asked looking at the boy she just kissed momentarily. 

"Oh he didnt tell you?," Zayn fakily asked shocked, "Well, nows the time to do it."

"I, I cant." Liam said. 

"Liam, just tell me. Whats going on?" Danielle’s sweet voice asked.

Liam didn’t open his mouth. he kept it shut.

"We’re together." Zayn snapped.

"W-What?" Danielle asked turning to the raven haired boy.

"Me and Liam. You and Perrie were beards. We made a plan to dump you guys. He did his job and I just finished mine. I didnt expect to come back and watch him snog you on our couch to be honest."

"Liam. Why didnt you just tell me you didnt have feelings for me anymore?" She asked.

"Because, I’m not so entirely sure.." He mumbled.

"You better come up with a decision now." Zayn said.

"I cant. I’m bi, so it makes everything harder. And, And both of you make me happy." Liam whimpered.

"One of us has to go Liam." Zayn sneered. 

"You cant just make me choose on the spot. I need time to think." Liam fought back.

"You can have all the time you need when one of us is gone!" Zayn yelled.

Liam looked at Danielle. They’ve had 1 year and a half of wonderful love. She was so sweet, even when Liam got upset or angry. Or the one time they went ice skating and she accidentally fell and scraped her hand. She didnt complain, she still said it was one of the best dates she’s ever been on. The other time they went to get coffee for lunch and he couldnt make it because of rehearsals. She didnt get mad, she said they could reschedule.

But then there was Zayn. 6 months of pretending to love Danielle in the day time and then at night it would just be them. Two male men deeply in love with one another. The hot passionate sex was the best, if Liam would say so himself. He loved Zayn like no other. He protected Liam, sure he admits he was probably the girl in the relationship but honestly Liam didnt mind at all. He liked cuddling on Zayn’s chest and letting Zayn wrap his arms around his waist as a signal of mine. He loved how Zayn didnt mind that Danielle was still in the picture. When they confessed their love for each other it was the happiest day of Liam’s life. Danielle nor Perrie could separate them.

At that moment Liam knew who to pick. 

He faced Danielle.

"Dani.." He said as Zayn looked down to the floor, "Can you kind of.. Leave?" He asked trying to sound polite but come on, seriously, there is no way to say that sentence without begin rude.

"What!? Your picking him over me!?" She yelled in disgust. Whoa what happened to her?

"Yes, I am." Liam said as he saw Zayn beam.

"If you do then I’m telling management." She threatened.

"Go ahead, see if i give a flying fuck." Liam shot back.

With a huff and a glare towards the direction Zayn was, Danielle stomped out of their flat.

"Zayn, I’m so sor-" before Liam could apologize properly, Zayn covered his mouth with a hand.

"Shut the fuck up right now Liam. I dont want to hear your filthy fucking mouth." Zayn growled. He clutched Liam’s hair roughly and dragged him up the stairs.

Liam whimpered but when Zayn was rough, he was rough. he didnt care if he was hurting Liam or making him cry. For Liam, he just thought it was a mega turn on and went along with it.

"Zayn." Liam whined. Zayn rolled his eyes and pushed Liam onto the bed. Roughly, may I add, as he climbed on top of him.

"Shut up!" Zayn growled slapping Liam across the face. Liam whimpered once again. Zayn tugged at Liam’s shirt twice before ripping it off, buttons flying around the room. He pushed off Liam’s pants and boxers reveling his juicy 10 inch cock. He tore off his own clothes in a few seconds and grabbed at Liam’s hair again. He brought Liam’s head up, and his lips went near his ear.

"You need to learn a fucking lesson, whore. You hear me clearly right?" Zayn asked. Liam didnt think he needed to answer but a painful tug at his brown locks said other wise, "RIGHT!?" Zayn screamed. Liam nodded and whimpered, "You cant go around kissing bitches, you hear me!? She’s no good for you. She never will be. Your not bi, or bi-curious anymore Liam. You gay. 100