huge.  Red looked to be AT least an inch longer than James and thick, as far as he could tell. James had never been penetrated by a man before, so he knew this was going to hurt. Red grinned at James' reaction to seeing his manhood. He pressed it to James' entrance and without warning, pressed in all the way.
James let out a loud, strangled cry and Red hissed loudly.
“S-so tight....” Red groaned, feeling James' insides tighten around him from the intrusion.
James shut his eyes tightly, shaking and trying to force his body to relax. It did hurt, it really did. It took him a few minutes to even relax around Red's thick cock. His entire body relaxed and he let out a shaky sigh. Red took this as a good sign and he slowly pulled out just to the tip, then thrusted back in just as slowly.
“F-fuck...” James groaned, as he was filled up again. It was easier this time and there wasn't that much pain.
“Mmm....” Red moaned and gripped the older man's hips, beginning to move his hips. Red started off at a slow, gentle pace. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt the older man. He saw the expressions of pure ecstasy on his face, the sounds of him whimpering in pleasure. God, it made him want so much more. Red slid one of James' legs up onto his shoulder, leaving his hands free for a moment. His hands pinched James' nipples and rolled them between his fingers, making the older man gasp in surprise and arch his back. As he did this, he leaned up to his face and kissed him, immediately shoving his tongue inside James' mouth.
James returned the kiss this time, moaning into it. The feeling of the younger man's cock inside him, filling him up and the sensations of the kisses and touches, it was almost overwhelming. He had never felt this way before and he didn't want it to stop. When Red began to snap his hips, James let out a cry of pleasure and threw his head back, the pleasure increasing. Red took his hands away from James' nipples and gripped his hip with one hand, then his leg with the other and thrusted right into James' prostate.
James let out a howl of pleasure, bucking up hard. Red growled deeply and slammed his cock into the older man's ass, hitting his prostate on every other thrust. Both of them throbbed, close to reaching the ultimate euphoria. Red let go of James' hip and wrapped his slender fingers around his length, pumping in time with his thrusts. James thrashed and cried out, his back arching as the pleasure increased even more. He was so close, so close..
The heat exploded within him and he cried out to the high heavens as he met his orgasm, spilling his cum between them. His insides tightened around Red's cock almost painfully and Red let out a loud growling moan as he followed right after, thrusting right through both of their orgasms. Both of them breathed hard, covered in sweat. James had gone lax under Red, his eyes shut tightly as his body tingled from the aftermath. Red leaned down and kissed James again, this time more gentler. James returned it, their tongues meeting for a few seconds before Red pulled out of the kiss and finally, pulling himself out of James.
James twitched and he opened his eyes to look up at Red. Red was grinning down at him and he got up, his manhood now soft. He walked over to James' clothes and rummaged around for the key, finding it within a few seconds. He walked back over and released James, taking the handcuffs off. James' wrists were bruising and bloodied, but he wasn't in any danger.
James grunted as he sat up, his body aching all over. He looked at Red, who was helping James stand up. He had to hold onto Red to avoid falling, since his legs were very shaky. Red hummed softly and reached one hand around to grope James' ass, squeezing the cheek. He traced his tongue along the older man's neck, smiling.
“Damn....” Red husked.
“What?” James asked, almost glaring at the younger man.
“You're hot. Fuckin' hot.” Red chuckled, washing them both up. James had no comment to his words.
After washing up, both of them got dressed. James did slowly and realized it was after mall hours now. He cursed, realizing they would have to stay in the mall for the night.
“Not to worry, I got a way out of here.” Red spoke.
True to Red's words, he had an escape route through the ventilation system. They came out of the vents and once out, Red put the grate back on. James looked to Red, wanting to know one question.
“Why were you in the showers?” James asked.
Red looked at him. “I was hoping