and going back to his room. “I have to go soon, so I’ll be locking the door to the stairs.”

You simply nod, starting to get dressed after having dried off. You go back to his room, sitting on his bed. He comes back in when he’s all ready, passing you his iPad. “You can play games and listen to music while I’m gone. You won’t be able to connect to the internet without a password so don’t bother trying.” He tips your head up, sliding your collar around your neck and locking it in place with the small padlock. He smiles gently when everything’s ready, leaning down to kiss your forehead. “I’ll be back at four.” he murmured, walking to the stairs, opening the door and closing it behind him before locking it. He waves one more time before you watch him walk down the rest of the stairs.

You busy yourself for about a half hour playing Angry Birds, something you find you can’t actually get angry at. You like the games John has on his iPad. Sometimes you’re even able to get him through a level that he’s stuck on. He’ll give you kisses for that, and you’ll get to choose a movie to watch later at night. You like those evenings. You don’t play the games much longer, before you decide to switch to reading some of the downloaded books John has.


It isn't until you accidentally open the internet browser that you realize John’s iPad is still connected to the internet.


don't get your hopes up

oh look porn. pretty much nothing but porn. if you were looking for plot you should find another fic.my mother would be proud


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

You stare at the iPad for a long time. Even as the screen goes black once again, you’re still staring at it. The first time you tried to escape you’d tried to use Master’s computer, only for him to catch you. You know how that ended.

This time though. This time no one’s home. This time you might have a chance.

But you don’t do anything. You close the window and move on. You don’t know what makes you do it, but you do. You can’t remember anything about your brother. His name, where you’re from, anything. You can’t contact the police using an iPad, it just doesn’t work. Nothing will work and they’ll find out and you’ll be punished.

You set the iPad to the side and turn on the tv, content with watching the tv until you hear John enter the house for lunch. You wait for him to walk up the stairs and watch as he unlocks the door, only quirking a finger that tells you to follow him. You get up quickly and follow him down to the kitchen, your ears picking up him talking to himself.

“Fucking teachers don’t understand that people have lives outside of school.” He mutters. “None of them talk to each other about assignments or homework or anything.” He starts being rough with the dishes that he’s going to use, and you flinch a little when something’s too loud for you. You bite your lip a little, walking up behind him and wrapping your arms around his waist, burying your face against the back of his neck.

For whatever reason, that seems to calm him down a little and he sighs. “Sorry, Dave.” he murmurs. “Are you hungry?” you nod silently and he goes back to making what looks like soup. “Does the iPad need to be charged?” you shake your head. “Do you need to go to the washroom?” you shake your head again.

You feel him nod as he puts the pot on the burner, glancing back at you. “What did you play?”

“Angry Birds.” you mumble. “Got passed level seventy-three.”

“Great!” You smile lightly at his outburst before stepping away to go sit at the table.

“What did your teachers do?” you ask. Better to calm him down now before he goes back to school and just gets angry again.

“Ugh! Exams are soon and no-one talks to anyone about how many assignments they’re dumping on us and I have you to take care of this week too and I’m just really stressed.” he said, before he seems to get an idea. He turns toward you, walking over and spreading your legs so he can slide between them on the chair. “But maybe you can help me relax.” he murmurs in your ear, and you shiver.

“You know I take good care of you, Dave.” he nips your earlobe, sucking on it gently and you can’t help but moan. You’re sensitive there, you can’t help it. “Don’t I?”

You bit your lip