, scanning through his purchase. As he paid, he vaguely noticed that Bradford’s hand had returned to his hip, and he almost felt a bit elated at the fact. 

“Enjoy your toy.” The girl said lazily, and Louis smiled a thanks before tugging Bradford back out the door, their hands once again interlocked.

 

--

 

“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Louis asked as he and Zayn stood at the letterbox of Harry’s house. “What if he gets really, really pissed at me.” 

“Doncaster, you’re really, really pissed at him, so what’s the point of not taking it out on him?” Bradford grinned his cheeky smile that Louis had grown quite fond of over the last few hours. “Here, this’ll help.” He pulled the little bag of pills from his pocket again, shaking two onto his palm. He took one, swallowing it and handed the other to Louis.
After a deep breath, he took the pill, scrunching his face as he dry-swallowed again. “You’re right. I’ve got nothing to be worried about, do I? It’s just a breakup.” 

Bradford chuckled, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “Then let’s go.” 

Louis moved, walking up the small pathway up to Harry’s front door. He hesitated a little bit, nervous as he pressed the doorbell. A few seconds later, a short but kind looking woman answered the door. “Hey Anne, is Harry in?” He asked, hiding the box behind his back.

“Sure dear, he’s just upstairs.” She smiled and held the door open, Louis passing her quickly with Bradford in tow. 

He climbed the steps quickly, dread pooling in his stomach as he lead Bradford to the second door on the left of the hall. “I don’t think I can do this.” He mumbled, looking up into the almost-stranger’s brown eyes. 

Bradford merely rolled his eyes and knocked on the wood of the door, a satisfied smirk on his lips as he opened the door. 

A disheveled looking Harry swung the door open, blinking continuously. “Louis? Why are you here... who’s that?” He asked, eyes moving between the two of them. 

“This is my friend. Harry,” Louis took a deep breath, holding out the toy, “I think we should break up. I bought you this parting gift, because I feel that if you ever again get a boyfriend, then you should use this to give him even a little pleasure.” 

Harry’s eyes widened and then narrowed into anger as he studied the box. “Is this some kind of sick joke?” 

Bradford spoke up, eyeing down Harry’s body slowly. “No, it’s really not. Louis here tells me you were a shit boyfriend anyway, so it’s not much of a loss for him.”

Louis’ eyes widened when he realised that Bradford now knew his name, turning back to Harry with a smile. “Exactly.” 

“So you fuck dark and handsome here and decide you don’t want to be with me anymore, is that it?” Harry asked, posing it more as a statement. “Well I’ll have you know that I’ve been fucking Niall anyway, so you really mean nothing to me.”

His mouth dropped open, looking at Harry in shock as he confessed to him. “Y-you were fucking other people? The whole time we were dating?” 

Harry shrugged, a smug grin crossing his features confirming everything to Louis. “I never shagged anybody when I was with you, Harry.” He muttered, voice small. 

“Your loss, princess.” Harry leaned in to Louis’ ear, whispering, “Just so you know, I was picturing them below me every time I fucked you.” 

Louis turned his head away in disgust, fighting the urge to cry over someone as awful as Harry. “Let’s go.” He mumbled to Bradford, reaching for his hand.
Bradford looked as though he was fighting the urge to hurl abuse at Harry, brown eyes burning holes into him. At the touch of Louis’ hand to his wrist though, he calmed, following Louis back out of the house. 

They got to the corner of Harry’s street before one lone tear managed to make its way down Louis’ cheek. “Fuck.” He muttered angrily, wiping at it as best he could. “I never cry, this is so embarrassing.” 

“I love your name.” Bradford said softly, rubbing his thumb over Louis’ knuckles. “Shame I had to learn it through that prick though. You deserve so much better.” 

Louis smiled softly. “Yeah- yeah I would hope I do. I don’t much fancy being cheated on constantly.”

Bradford smiled sadly, tilting his head down to press a kiss to his temple. “Not all blokes are like that. You’ll find someone right for you,” he grinned and tugged his hand. “Come on, I