day of your life.”

Someone tapped him on the shoulder and he thought for a minute that he was going to be in trouble for what he said. Instead there was a PA with a clipboard asking him to follow her. She tapped another boy after checking her clipboard and asked him to do the same.

The first thing Zayn noticed about the boy was how attractive he was, but Zayn tried to stop those thoughts in their tracks. It had happened a few times throughout the years, and Zayn started to realize the boys he thought were good looking tended to have similar features. He wondered if it was because they looked like Liam.

The two boys were brought back in front of the judges by themselves. They stood there silently and Zayn was too scared to look too far from the ground.

“We’ve decided that we like you two. We think you’re both extremely talented and we don’t want to send you home at this point in the competition. You both have similar backgrounds, are the same age, and you’re incredible singers so we want to give you a chance and offer you a spot at the judge’s house as a duo.” The two boys looked at each other before smiling and wrapping each other up in a hug.

“You two are going to have to work harder than every other group if you want to make it and this experience isn’t going to be any fun for you if you both keep hiding away every second you can. You’ve both been through a lot, maybe you can gain a new friend that understands what you’re going through at the very least.”

They were getting ready to leave the stage again only this time with more hope when Zayn realized that he didn’t even know the name of the boy he just agreed to team up with.

“Sorry, but did we just agree to form a group even though we’ve never met?” Zayn laughed.

“That we did, the most spontaneous thing I’ve done in years,” the boy chuckled. He held out his hand, “I’m Liam.”

Hearing that name knocked the breath out of Zayn for a moment. He’d met plenty of Liam’s over the years but it still sends a flash of pain through him whenever he hears the name.

“You okay, mate?” Liam asked looking concerned.

“Yeah, fine. Sorry. I’m Zayn,” he said finally taking Liam’s hand.

“Zayn?” Liam asked.

Zayn nodded.

“Zayn,” Liam muttered to himself.

“You alright, Liam?”

“Yeah, I’m sorry. My soulmate’s name is Zayn so hearing it puts me off balance.”

“Your soulmate’s name is Zayn? Have you met yet?” he asked.

“No, our connection was broken so I might not ever meet him.”

“What do you mean?”

“I technically died as a kid so our connection was severed.”

Zayn couldn’t breath anymore and his legs stopped holding him up at some point. He looked up to realize he was on the floor now. Liam was crouched down next to him and a few PA’s were running over but Liam asked them to give Zayn some space.

“How old were you?” Zayn asked. It felt like his entire life revolved around this question. “How old were you when you died?”

“I was twelve,” Liam said putting his hands over Zayn’s. Zayn was clutching him so hard that it hurt.

Zayn reached for his wrist feeling the bracelet he wore to cover the scar. His fingers were shaking too much to remove it so he pathetically held it up to Liam, “Help.”

Liam grasped the bracelet and gently removed it from Zayn’s wrist. When Liam looked down and saw his name in white across Zayn’s wrist he burst into tears. Now he was the one gripping Zayn so hard that it hurt but Zayn didn’t mind one bit.

“Oh my god,” he said lifting his wrist up so Zayn could see his own name scarred white on Liam’s skin.

“You’re alive. You’re still alive,” Zayn cried. They hugged again and Zayn never wanted to let go.

Eventually they had to leave the studio. They had to tell their parents that they were going to the judge’s house but more importantly that they had found each other. They refused to leave the other’s side.

They clutched hands as they called their respective parents and gave them the news. They had someone take a picture of the two of them and then they sent that along with a photo of their wrists. Zayn had to go into a little more detail about the whole situation because they had spent the past five years thinking that Liam was dead. Both their parents were thrilled with the news and wished them luck at the judge’s house.

Judge’s House was the first time they’d be performing as a duo. They decided they wanted to sing a song that would fit their situation so they selected ‘No