is more than happy to show her. He fists a handful of that red, red hair and tips her head to the side, licking into her mouth, biting at that pouty lower lip. The noises she makes are fucking beautiful-- little whimpers, moans, startled gasps. And they haven't even gotten to the really good parts yet.


He guides her to the bed, one step at a time, slowed by the sweet temptation of her mouth-- he has to bend down every few paces to kiss her breathless again. "Bull," she breathes, and hearing her say his name like that is enough to have him fully hard in his pants.


"I know," he says, because he does, he really does. She's eager, curious, letting him lead her in whatever direction he wants to take this. Really, there's only one way this can go. 


They get to the bed at long last; Bull pushes her down on it, and she falls with a little gasp that tugs at his heart, makes his pulse pick up the pace. He goes for the straps on her leather bodice (armor, even here, even in the heart of her own castle) and she makes a high, frightened sound. He looks up at her but she shakes her head, quickly, and moves her own hands to the straps, as if to help him. She wants a little control, wants to at least decide how quickly she'll become naked, how much she'll let him see.


No.


He bats her hands away and pulls at the straps himself, fingers deceptively deft and quick. She arches under him, shaking. There are too many damn straps. Finally he's got the last one, and he spreads her shirt open wide.


No breast band. Her tits are lovely, small and high and tight, creamy-white with candy-pink nipples gone hard in the cool air. Bull swears softly at the sight. She moves her arms, as if to cover herself, and he grabs her wrists, pulling them back up over her head. "Bull!" she cries.


"Yeah, Boss?" He looks his fill while she trembles, and she turns her reddening face away in embarrassment.


"I-- This is..." She swallows audibly. "What are you going to do?"


"I'm going to take care of you," he says. "And you? You're going to let me do it."


She whines, high in the back of her throat. He transfers her wrists to one hand, lets the other trace her collarbone, touch so light, so gentle. She shudders.


"Touch me, please," she gasps out, after the teasing becomes too much.


He palms one of her breasts, not roughly, but firmly enough to let her know he means business. She keens at that, trembles harder, and when he lowers his head to lap at one nipple she moans long and low. He sucks it into his mouth; the smell of elfroot and apples fills his senses. He wants to drown in it.


When he bites her, she screams, a short, sharp cry. He looks up at her face; her eyes are closed, her mouth is open. She's breathing in little gasps.


"Easy," he tells her. "Breathe. You're going to hyperventillate."


"Bull," she says again, like it's the only word that makes sense anymore.


"I'm right here. I've got you. I'm not going to let you go."


She nods, but then whispers, "That hurt."


"I know. And I'm gonna do it again. I'll do other things too. I want you to feel them. I want you to lay back and feel everything I do to you. Some things will hurt, but it's all a part of something bigger, okay?"


She hesitates, eyes wide, lip trembling. She bites it, then slowly, she nods.


Strong. So strong. So willing. Bull has never wanted anyone so much. He kisses his way from one breast to the other, tongue laving at the underside, which makes her shudder and arch up into his touch. He sucks a bruise into her pale skin, and she whimpers while he does it, body taut as a bowstring.


Her breeches are an annoyance; he tugs at their lacings one-handed, almost fumbling in his distraction. She wriggles her hips, maybe in eagerness, maybe to try and get away. Bull growls, lets her feel it reverberate against her skin. She stills, breathing fast again.


"I've never..." she starts, trailing off before she can put voice to the obvious.


"I know," Bull tells her again. "Don't worry about it. We have all the time in the world to explore."


It's sort of a lie-- probably someone is searching for her right now, wanting to hand over another report, ask her to solve another