’ll just get you up again. Maybe I want to make you come too fast. I want you to fill me up so I can pull off of you and kiss you until you’re hard again. I want to make one of my orgasms last for ten or twenty of yours.”

“We’re not leaving -aaaanh- the bed today, are we?”

“Not at all, no.”

Dave gives up the fight then, and fuck, you wish you were facing the other way to see the bliss in his face as he fucks into you, heels braced wide on the bed. As he jerks to a halt and comes inside you with a muted cry of your name.

You pull the vibrator out of him, slide yourself off of him, and turn, and yes, the blissed out expression he has is exactly why you’re doing this. You lean over, kiss him gently, open-mouthed and uncoordinated.

“Love you.”

“Love you too, Dave.”

“Go ahead and kill me with amazing sex, John, I am all yours.”

You chuckle. Drag your hand across the sensitive skin of his inner thighs so you can catch his gasp with your mouth. “So noted.”

paopulove asked: Fem!DaveJohn. Androgynous Dave, Cute Nerdy John. Bonus for smutz. <3 Love yo

She shoves her feet against yours for what has to be the fifth time in as many minutes, and you let your book fall into your lap to look at Dove. “Can I help you?” you ask wryly.

Dove grins at you, the pull of her lips slow and easy, and a low warmth spreads across your skin as you remember exactly how indulgently she kisses you. Your thoughts are probably clear on your face from the way Dove’s expression becomes more wicked. “Not really. Well, okay, there miiight be something. I mean, it’s just a thought, but I’m laying here, stretched out and bra-less and pantie-less and you could just, oh I dunno, slide your hand down my sweatpants and have your way with me.”

You reach out and thumb the curve of Dove’s hips. She arches into the contact, her body a long, lithe line. You brush your bangs out of your face, shift slightly so you are hovering over her, one of your knees forcing her thighs apart. (Not that Dove isn’t being incredibly accommodating and spreading her legs on her own, but the thought is still there.)

After a moment, you stop petting her skin. She groans, disappointed, and you laugh. “Just a thought?”

“A suggestion, maybe.”

“Mmm-hm. It’s a good idea.”

“All of my ideas are good ones, Joan, when are you going to learn - ahh.”

Anonymous asked: could you write john dave smut? (john= dom, dave= sub) and then cute aftercare? safe word usage is up to you! :)

((Less heavy on the smut, more heavy on the cute aftercare. Warning: this does include safeword usage, which is immediately honored and then dealt with. A conversation about what exactly occurred during the scene is carried out, but not in this particular drabble.))

You start to reach for him –but no, you can’t. Your arms and legs are bound, spreading you wide and exposing you for anything John wants you for. You tug up again, just so John will smooth his hands down your thighs. But the touch doesn’t come. You swallow hard and remind yourself that this is supposed to happen. Sensory deprivation. You have to be patient.

The touch doesn’t come, and your restraints feel cold and sickly on your skin, and okay, fuck, no, you can’t do this, it’s too much when you don’t know where John is, where is John? You open your mouth-

“Seppucrow, John, John, seppucrow,” your voice comes, its resonance odd through the headphones.

By the time the first safeword is out, you feel the mattress depress as John moves, unlocking your legs before he leans over you to unbind your arms, sliding off your headphones and blindfold last. “Hey, Dave, it’s alright. Are you okay?” John asks before your apologies (already piling up in the space behind your teeth) can come spilling out. “Did I go too far away? I’m sorry. It’s alright, now.”

You nod, gasping, “Fuck, I’m sorry. I thought I could-“

“Shush, no.” John strokes a hand down your face, and you lean into his touch greedily. “It’s alright. I’m glad you’re okay.” He gathers you close, pressing his shorter frame tiptoe to cheek against yours. Bit by bit, you relax into the static pull of his skin. After a few minutes of John holding you and stroking your hair, your breathing and heartrate have both evened out.