now or never, she simply nodded and took off with strong flaps into the night.  Before the blonde left to follow her, he whispered to his parabatai, “Promise me you’ll make it back. You’ll leave the moment you get a chance to. Even if it means using your wings- no I don’t care. No one is here, don't be stupid and use them if you have to.” He didn’t wait to hear a reply and left.

Now that they were out of the way, Alec could feel his fear ebb away. Jace didn’t need to tell him twice about his wings situation, but nevertheless, Alec preferred to not use them. He had gotten accustomed to fighting without the feathered limbs and he would only use them as a last resort. Alec quickly drew arrows as he shot raveners down with deadly precision. Occasionally he would miss his mark, but that didn't stop him from throwing his knife either. Unfortunately, the teen was in over his head when he thought he could take care of the demons. Raveners endlessly poured into the hunting grounds and he was beginning to feel the stamina rune run out. He had one last arrow left but clearly, there was more than one demon to kill. I can’t let it end here, I have to be there to protect Jace and Izzy. He was jerked out of his thoughts when he felt a sting in his shoulder. Biting back the pain, Alec whipped around and cleanly cut the ravener with his seraph blade. His blood began to seep through his clothes and he could tell he was done for if he didn’t at least try to use his wings. Grimacing, he forced his wings out, instantly knocking the raveners behind him to the ground with his wings. The quick unfurling caused the bite wound in his shoulder to deepen and this time, he couldn’t hold back a groan in pain. Things moved in slow motion for the nephilite. His movements slowly lost their coordination and the raveners took advantage of it. It was funny how these lesser demons seemed to have attacked with a thought out plan, because in an instant they were upon him and he closed his eyes accepting his fate. But the inevitable never came. Confused, he opened his eyes and saw the demons fleeing, screeching in fear and pain from a blue flame.

 

Magic 

 

“I was beginning to wonder when the young Nephilim would use his wings” Alec spun around, instantly dropping into a defensive stance with his feathers raised. He could feel resistance from the feathers that were stuck together with blood and grime.

“Ah, no need to puff your feathers out Nephilim, I’m not here to harm you; after all I did take care of those raveners for you.” The owner of the voice paused. Alec felt eyes on him, a feeling that he was all too familiar with.  “I simply happened to overhear unpleasant demon sounds and of course it piqued my curiosity as to why there were so many of them. Clearly it meant they were up to no good.” The mysterious man chuckled as he walked out of the shadows revealing a pair of amber cat eyes.

Alec’s eyes widened. The man was Asian and tall, dressed in a midnight blue blazer with ornate silver lining and there were blue sparks flying from the man’s fingertips. A warlock, and by the looks of it, a powerful warlock. The warlock smiled. It was good that there were still some Nephilim who seemed to fear his magic. However this one seemed fairly young. The warlock couldn’t discern specific features of the nephilim, for said nephilim was covered in sweat, dirt, and blood-- lots of blood that was both the nephilim’s and of the raveners’. He noticed the nephilim had tucked his wings behind his back as if he were trying to hide them from sight. Interesting. Not a typical nephilim behavior to hide their wings. He took a step forward, causing the nephilim to mirror the movement backwards. The warlock pursed his lips and frowned.

“Thanks for the help, but I could have handled it.” Alec’s voice was hoarse. He was exhausted and all he wanted to do was leave and get patched up back at the institute. He didn’t need to deal with a warlock, especially since he knew warlocks didn’t offer assistance for free.

“My, my, what a stubborn nephilim.” The warlock chuckled again. It was airy and so natural that it caught Alec off guard, making him tense his shoulders again. The warlock noticed this and sighed inwardly. He was in no mood to deal with Shadowhunters. “Carry on as you were then, though don’t expect a gracious downworlder to help you next time.” He turned back towards the shadows. It was a pity he couldn’t make out details of the nephilim since he thought he knew of all the New York Shadowhunters. This nephilim most likely got relocated to New York in the past year. The only thing the warlock was able to take note of was messy black hair plastered on