settings, before a grin grew to her lips.

Fareeha was simply walking through the crowd as any normal woman would, to meet her mother, as any normal woman would. She had a lot to explain after all, given her absence for the past… however many years. With a sigh, she took a seat at the outdoors café, looking about the place for a sign of the woman.

Ah, so predictable, taking a seat in the café for a woman who'd almost certainly never show up. Still, the woman simply leaned back, initiating a protocall on the machines inside Pharah's body, eyeing the woman for a reaction.Pharah immediately noticed the change in her body, the sudden heat, the want, all of it. A feeling all too familiar. Why now? She mentally cursed her body. With a sigh, she decided she would just put up with it. Of course, things wouldn't be that easy. After about a minute of coping, the woman's eyes were shot wide as stimulation flooded her groin, a clear urge and desire were no longer a problem, now it was outright pleasure. Still, it would take more than this to bring Pharah to her knees.

As she watched on, Mercy realised the problem; Pharah would resist simple urges. Well, no matter, she'd just have to turn it up a notch, wouldn't she?

Just as a rather attractive waiter was asking the woman about her choice in drink, the girl's eyes shot wide once more, but now the feeling was intense, and she couldn't resist the urge but to hitch her breath, leaning over a bit. “Shit...” She muttered.“Are you alright, miss?” The boy asked.“Yes, I'll be fine. Just a teEEEAAHH!” Pharah cried, moaning out audibly as she felt blood rush to her face. What the hell was going on!? This could not possibly be right, she'd been horny before, she'd be horny again, this was pure pleasure shooting straight from her groin, appeasing every desire she'd felt for months and then some.

After a moment of rather awkward silence, the boy simply spoke, the entire street staring at the pair. “...One or two sugars?” He asked simply, knowing that the sooner he moved on, the easier it would be. “O-one please-!” She forced back a moan, handing the menu to the boy. Fucking hell what was this!? It made no damn sense! She was an elite military officer, one of the only humans to ever fly with no use for a plane, master sharpshot, and apparently, the sort of woman to scream and moan in a public café.

No, the woman decided, I will not let this best me. I know how to beat this. She decided, before looking around. Most had decided to stop looking as the woman winced from the pleasure. She just needed to… finish herself. So, she placed both hands under the table, and in one swift motion, moved one down her panties to her clit, pinching the thing quickly. In addition to this mystery pleasure, she'd be close to cumming under normal circumstances. Of course, these weren't normal circumstances.

Mercy was still atop her rooftop, smirking as she looked on. As soon as hands went under the table, Mercy knew what was going on. So, she simply sent a few of her machines to halt the woman from the freedom she desired. Once she came, she'd have to replace Pharah's machines, and she wasn't getting off easy, not when the woman was enjoying herself so much. Besides, based on her view, things were about to get a LOT more interesting.

As Pharah silently cursed herself for not finishing this whole affair immediately, the worst possible thing happened: her long lost mother whom she dearly loved and wanted the admiration and respect of showed up. Ana, walking onto the scene, approached the seat opposite Ana, a hood kept up to cover most of her face – she was a wanted vigilante after all. Still, Pharah met the woman with a smile, desperately trying to hold back her pleasure. Now she'd started touching herself, it was tough to stop. “Ah, moth-”“Don't call me that, people know who I am. I can't stay very long Fareeha.”“O-oh, really? I'm sorry M- uh… What should I-”“Ana. Are you okay dear? You're blushing a lot.”“Y-yes Mo- Ana, fine...” The girl got out through pants and sighs.Quirking a brow, Ana decided to lean in and place a palm on the girl's forehead. At this point, the opportunity was too perfect. So every pleasure spot possible was stimulated to force the girl into another humiliating moan.Oh gods… thought Pharah. I can't do this but… I can't stop!Once the girl moaned, long time