't freeze to death."

"We got this shit on lockdown." responds the first voice.

"The shit is so locked down it's been compressed and aged into coprolite."

"Gonna make a gog-damned killing selling coprolite to a bunch of mentally-ill crocodiles."

"Bitches need their phosphate like you wouldn't believe."

"Will  you two nookspindlers rest your wind nozzles for five fucking seconds  while we behold the miracle of new life or some crap?" cries a third  voice, harsh and loud.  Slowly, some of the light is receeding from your  vision, and blotches of darkness are revealed, blotches that slowly  take on more cohesive shapes.  One of the blobs moves toward you,  hesitantly.

"Um," the mass of polygons begins to say, but IT'S HER  IT'S ME JADE GOOD NICE PRETTY JADE LOVE JADE ALMOST AS MUCH AS JADE  JADE ME JADE HER WE US YES

"Jade!" you cry, voice filled with  happiness.  Or that's what you meant to do, but your jaw creaks and  makes a terrible scraping noise, and all that comes out is  "skrrreeeeeeeeeDuh".  All of the masses of colour move away from you  slightly, an instinctual reaction.  All but one, who steps closer.  You  try again.  Your jaws work better, but somewhere, a fan starts up to  combat the rapid overheating as your systems are inundated with  information.  "whirrrrrrrAde!"  The figure nods, encouragingly.  You try  once more. "Jade?" you say, and she responds with a giggle, and a warm  embrace.

"Hi, my dreambot! It's so good to see you again!  Though I guess I can't really call you 'my dreambot', can I?"

A figure of green with large wavy skull protrusions speaks up. "According to my research, a good name for her would be 'Jadebot'."

"Jadebot. Jadebot. Jadebot.  Jaaaaaydbaaaaaaht," you say, testing the name out.  You don't really  like it.  "I don't -" you start to say, when you are cut off by one of  the first voices.

"Gee, thanks, Trollthy Ann."  The first two  voices quickly get into a heated discussion of something called  "bus-shipping", and decide to compare their favorite fanarts later.   Your vision is now almost fully restored, and you can tell that the  first two voices belong to Dave and... other Dave?  Dave has some pretty  nice pajamas on - they look really comfy.

 You realize that Jade is still hugging you.  You awkwardly manuever your arms up and attempt to replicate the embrace.  A surprisingly inebriated Rose appears seemingly out of nowhere and says "It's cool, gurlllll, Dirk says your arms will be fushion - funkyshin - functonion - working at full carpaci - captazity - working well soon."

"Oh, okay!" you say.  Jade stops hugging you, and you notice a slight air of awkwardness as she does so.

"So, Jadebot," she says, and you start to say "I don't really li-", but she plows onward.  "There's something I really need to know before we do anything else."

"Um, okay!" you say cheerfully.  You are always willing to help out NICE GOOD ME JADE ME NO HER US.  "What is it?"

"Aradia said this might be difficult for you, but... What do you remember?"

You stop and think.  Mostly you remember flying around the island, playing awesome bass lines, and chatting with YOUR NO JADE'S NO MINE NO OUR friends.  You tell Jade this, and she seems relieved - a tension you had noticed, but couldn't quite name, visibly slips away from her.  "However..." you say, "there's something strange, right at the end of my memory banks, just before I..." You pause.

"Wait.  What happened to me?"  Everyone looks uncomfortable, except the green-clothed person with the gray skin and wavy horns.  She starts to say, "Well, in chronological order, first the Sovereign Slayer cut Prospit's chain - well, really, first he killed the Black Queen and took the - well, to be historically accurate and complete, I should mention-"

"You blew up, Jadebot," says Jade, and you don't even try to protest your name.

"I... I what?" You start to feel nervous. Very nervous.  Your whole body starts shaking, and an invisible pressure seems to be pressing in on you.  "I-I-I explodededed? Whyyyyyyy would I-"

"You saved me," says a new voice.  "You sacrificed yourself to save me."  The voice is alien, yet comforting, somehow familiar.  The voice belongs to... belongs to...

"JOHN!" you cry, and rush forward to hug him.  You stumble, but he catches you. "John john john you were falling and I no it wasn't me but it was me and flying and catching and threw you and you're alive and I exploded and I'm alive and and and -" You stop.