year old Dean Winchester, famous author of teenage fiction addressing psychological issues, talking about him, there's nothing Castiel Novak regrets more than lying to that fourteen year old boy, in the December of 2000.

So... he had just bonded with someone over music and other stuff?

So, I'd like to thank everyone for the warm reception that this story got. Certainly better than I expected. :) Thank you everyone, who subscribed, bookmarked, kudo-ed, and everything else. :)

AutumnSwitch, thank you, your concern was very touching. :) As I already said, I'm going to edit all "personal" incidents, so what I'm going to write from now on in this story is most definitely fiction.sars, thank you very much for following me on tumblr (I'm about 90% sure that it was you, but if I'm wrong, then sorry :P). That was very sweet of you, and not at all expected or necessary.

Happy New Year in advance! :D (It's still December 31, 2015 over here.) Have a brilliant 2016! ...Or try to. :PAlso, tomorrow's (Jan 1) my birthday and you all have to wish me. Lol, you don't have to, but I'd like it if you did. :P

Updates won't come this soon again. I was just free today, so I wrote this.

IMPORTANT: Castiel's messages are in bold, Dean's are in italics. The same distinction will be used in the following chapters, although I will mention it at the start of every chapter.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


18 December, 2000


Dean was bored.

He had to go to school tomorrow for some bullshit event, and not for regular studies, so he didn't have to rush and do homework. It was five o'clock in the evening, so he was basically free for about three-four hours.

Couldn't let Mom know that though. She'd smack him all the way to Africa. Certainly couldn't let Sammy know. Little tattletale would run off to complain to Mom.

So he opened his laptop, trying to appear occupied.

After five minutes, he was still bored. He wasn't in the mood for IM-ing Jo at the moment. Don't get him wrong, that girl was like his little sister and he loved her, but he needed to just talk about random stuff. Knowing Jo, it would probably end up as a rag-on-Dean campaign. And she would probably be helping her mom with errands. Benny was busy, and so was Charlie.

He tried searching for some funny videos, but they were too generic. Way too generic to be wasting time on.

He wished Charlie wasn't busy right now, and immediately felt guilty. It wasn't his friends' fault that he didn't have a life of his own.

Speaking of Charlie, though...

He remembered something she had told him.

Biting his lip, he opened up the browser and typed into the address bar. After debating on whether or not he wanted to go through with it, he told himself to stop being a pansy and pressed the enter key.

Omegle.com had been opened.

He typed in Metallica as his interest.

Well, if he had to talk to a total stranger about something, at least he'd talk about something he liked.

He waited.


 -Omegle couldn't find anyone who shares interests with you, so this stranger is completely random. Try adding more interests!- 


Oh wow. So no one shared his love for good music? Just fucking wow.

Still, this stranger might be okay otherwise.

Dean, being the geek that he was, decided to talk about Narnia.


Prince Caspian is hot as fuck


Because he wasn't gonna not make this fun. At least for himself.

The message "Stranger has disconnected." greeted him.

Okay. Well, not everyone liked Narnia. Maybe the person didn't even know who Caspian was.

He tried again. He had the same result.

After the third time, it actually became a game. He would type in praises about Prince Caspian (Charlie would be proud that he let out his fanboy side), and the other person would disconnect.

He wasn't so fast the sixth time.

The stranger talked first.


Hello.


Dean stared. Oh crap, was he supposed to engage in a polite conversation now? Was it too late to scream-type 'Caspy is hot as hell'?

It was, so he decided to reply with a 'hi.'

The next message came soon enough (and damn, this website was fast.)


m


M?? What was m?

He asked.


My gender. I'm a male. 'm' signifies that a person is male, while 'f' signifies that it is a female. If I'm not wrong, this is your first time here?


Dude had nice grammar