opened his eyes again. "Do you think Dad will be back by now?" he asked hopefully.



"Maybe," Dean said slowly. "But he did say a week. It's only been five days."



"Oh."



"Sammy?"



"Hm?" His head felt so funny and heavy.



"Who's Eddie?"



"Edward," Sam murmured. "Ms. Farber said we have to use our real names." He lifted his head a little, looking at the neat little line where Dean's hair ended.



"I didn't fall," Sam said tightly.



"Of course not," Dean scoffed. "You're part monkey." He paused. "Was it that Eddie guy?"



Sam nodded his head against Dean's neck.



Dean exhaled sharply. "Now why would he do that?"



"Because I told Tim he was dumb." Sam wiggled around, trying to find a comfortable place.



"Stop moving," Dean warned. "Who's Tim? And why'd you call him dumb?"



"Because he was telling everyone you can stand over somebody's grave and catch a ghost to make a wish." Sam frowned. "He dared me to do it. I told him he didn't know what he was talking about."



"Yeah," Dean agreed. "That is dumb." He readjusted his hold on Sam. "But who's Tim? What does that have to do with that dickwad pushing you?"



Sam rolled his eyes. "He's Susan's twin brother."



"Oh, I get it." Dean nodded, the hair on the back of his head tickled Sam's nose.  "Who's Susan?"



Grrr. Sam pressed his lips together and rolled his eyes again. Dean just didn't get it. "She's Mark's girlfriend," he said impatiently. Dean was usually quick at figuring out what Sam was saying.



"Girlfriend?" Dean yelped. "You can't have girlfriends!"



"Why not?" Sam asked.



"Because…that's too weird! You're in kindergarten!" 



"Mark said Susan was too his girlfriend," Sam argued. "He's the only one Susan will let push her swing!"  Dean got all bouncy again. Was he having hiccups?



"Okay." Dean sounded all squeaky for some reason. Sam scowled. What was so funny?  "But what does Mark…" Dean giggled and swallowed hard. "So who's Mark then?"



"Eddie's best friend."



"Ah." Dean nodded, all serious like. "So Tim told Susan to tell Mark to tell Eddie to push you."



Sam scrunched his face. "Huh?"



"Isn't that why Eddie pushed you?" Dean slowed a little. He sounded confused. "Because Mark told him to?"



Sam frowned at Dean's head. What was he talking about? Wasn't Dean listening? "No," Sam replied slowly, not sure why Dean would think that. "It's because what Tim said was stupid."


Dean grunted. "I don't get it. Why would Eddie push you?"


Sighing out loud, Sam kicked his feet impatiently in the air until Dean tightened his grip, silently telling him to cut it out. "Because Eddie was the one who told Tim about the stupid grave thing and I told Tim that what Eddie said was stupid."



Dean murmured a "Huh." He muttered something under his breath before adding, "You're doing this on purpose, aren't ya?"



"Doing what?"



"Never mind." 



The two fell silent. Sam laid his head down on his brother's shoulder again. Sleepily, he watched the tall trees that lined the streets. He liked this town. They had trees everywhere. Even the house his dad had rented had a nice tall tree out front.



Dean didn't seem to have noticed the trees or he just didn't care. He kept walking, only tripping once over an uneven part of the sidewalk.



"Don't drop me," Sam said tiredly but didn't tighten his hold.



"Well, duh," Dean muttered. He didn't trip again. In fact, Dean slowed down a little and Sam felt like he was being rocked. Sam yawned and he felt Dean wiggle his left ankle with a soft chuckle.



"Hey, Sammy?"



"Yeah?" Sam replied sleepily.



"Why didn't you tell me about Eddie?" Dean's voice was real low. Maybe he was tired, too.



"I didn't think it was a big deal," Sam mumbled. His head lolled to the pointy part of Dean's shoulder. A shrug from Dean and Sam found his head going back until his cheek was squished against Dean's neck.



"He pushed you off the bars," Dean said tightly.



"He didn't push. He pulled me down from the bars," Sam corrected Dean.



"Oh, why didn't you tell me? That makes a big difference," Dean said