date this Valentine’s evening.  He isn’t terribly surprised – although everyone in town is nice enough to her, they all think she is rather odd, and whisper about her when she can’t hear.  They have that much in common, he supposes.  Still, it’s a travesty that no one else can see what he sees, that no one appreciates her sweet, bookish nature, that no one else seems to see how utterly perfect she is.

Sometimes, when he goes to the library and finds her sitting at the circulation desk, he sees something in her eyes, just for a split second before she looks up and smiles at him.  He is familiar with loneliness, so he knows it when he sees it.

He knows he doesn’t stand a chance with her, as desperately as he wants her.  But still, someone like Belle deserves to be happy, to feel loved.  She deserves a prince, someone to adore her and tell her every day how wonderful she is and how much she is loved.

Instead, it seems, all she has is him.

He wants to do something for her, wants to muster up what little courage he has, to be brave and kind for her.  He wants to give her even just a tiny fraction of the happiness she has given him.  If he was a wealthy man – and if she was actually his to love – he would celebrate the occasion by showering her with exquisite diamond jewelry, and whisking her off to whatever far-off destination her heart desired.  But they aren’t dating, and he’s not the man of means he used to be.  So, instead, he spends ten minutes picking out the perfect red rose at the market, and adds in the oversized Hershey’s chocolate kiss sitting on the check-out counter, and makes his way to the library.

Even if he can’t be hers, he can at least let her know that someone out in the world cares for her.

--- ---

The library is completely deserted this Friday afternoon, not a single patron roaming the book stacks.  No doubt everyone is at home, getting ready to see their special someone this Valentine’s Day.

Belle tries not to feel too lonely or left out – she has her family after all, and several wonderful friends, and her library.  She has a good life.  She tries her best to be grateful for it, and she is, most of the time.  She doesn’t have as much luck trying not to pine over someone she can’t have, or wishing there was something more there.

She sits at the circulation desk, reading some sappy romantic drama in honor of the occasion.  It doesn’t lift her mood quite as she hoped it would.  The door opens without warning, and she tucks her bookmark between the pages as she looks up, expecting to find some high school student trying to finish a project at the last minute.  Instead, she finds Adrian.

“Mr. Gold,” she says, heart racing as she sits up and tucks her hair behind her ear.  “To what do I owe the pleasure?”

He just stands there for a moment, staring at her like he can’t decide whether to speak or turn tail and run.  “Well, I, uh…” he licks his lips and inches closer.  “I was on my way home, and I just thought I would stop in and… say hello.”

He pulls his free hand out from behind his back and reveals a lovely red rose.  Belle freezes, her eyes following the flower closely as he sets it down on the counter between them.  As if in slow motion, she watches as he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a comically large chocolate kiss, placing it next to the rose.  Belle can’t say a word, and only manages to stare at the flower, then at him, and back again.

“I just… didn’t…” he begins again, and she struggles to hear him over the pounding heatbeat in her ears.  “I wanted to make sure you knew... someone was thinking about you today.”

He smiles and backs away, looking all at once nervous and happy and a little bit sad before he turns his back to her and heads for the door.  Belle’s heart falls as she realizes that he has no intention of taking this any further, of asking her out to dinner this evening or anything else, even though it’s rather impossible to misinterpret the meaning of this gesture.

“Adrian, wait!” she calls, jumping up from her seat and coming around to the other side of the desk.  He stops as well, startled by her sudden outburst.  “I… you…”  She has to say something she knows, but for all her giddiness and trepidation and the fluttering in her heart, she can’t quite think of what.

After several seconds of silence, he cringes, backing away nervously and holding up his free hand in defense.  “I- I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable