and not finding someone more equal his age. Steve was happy, Bucky was the best thing that ever had happened to him. 

Steve moved down Bucky’s body, making a path with kisses down to one of his nipples. He closed his lips around it, swirling his tongue while watching up at the brunet. Bucky fisted a hand in the older man’s hair, slightly pulling with a little whimper escaping his lips. 

“That’s the sound I wanna hear.” Steve said seductively, voice low for only Bucky to hear. He softly bid down on the other nipple, giving it the same attention as the other one. 

Steve stroked his fingers down the other’s legs, gripping his muscled tights. He oh so slowly dragged his fingers lower until they finally made it to his ass. Bucky was becoming impatient. As much as he loved foreplay, he still unquestionably needed Steve in him now. 

The blond kissed right above his hard cock, a finger breaching his hole. Okay, maybe he did need a bit of lube. Even from all the fumbling around the other night Steve’s huge fingers still stung a bit when they went in dry. He bit his bottom lip, resting on his elbows so he could watch Steve. 

The older man reached over to the nightstand, snatching the lube and stealing a kiss on the way. He poured a great amount of it onto his fingers and inserted two this time. The feeling made Bucky drop his head back, moaning as the fingers slipped deeper into him.

Steve waste no time finding the right spot, making Bucky moan even louder as he laid back into the pillows. The brunet’s muscles tightening up and his cock drooling unto his stomach, needing attention but not getting any.

“That’s it, baby. Just take it, nice and slowly.” Steve’s voice was husky and rich on arousal. He worked his fingers in and out, scissoring them inside him. A third one joint the others, opening him up in a slow rhythm.

“You think you’re ready, baby doll?” Of cause, he was ready and Steve knew it. His neglected cock really needing attention but he knew better than to touch it without Steve’s permission, especially when he was in this dominant mood. Bucky nodded hectically, licking his lips. 

“Yes, please Sir.” Bucky stammered, his eyes almost as black as the night, blown with lust. And didn’t that just make Steve even hotter. He never knew his kink was to have a partner as submissive as Bucky could be, but it absolutely did the trick for Steve. 

Steve sat on his knees and pulled Bucky’s ass up onto his lap. He stroked his own hard cock, watching as Bucky put on a show, clamping down on nothing. 

“You want me to come inside you and fill you up, baby?” the blonds voice was nearly just a sexy whisper by now. He took a hold on his erection and rubbed the head in circles around Bucky’s pink and waiting hole. The blond hissed at the sensation, he could feel the heat radiation from younger’s body. He took the lube and spread it over his own cock before poking in just the tip. Not enough to penetrate the other, but enough so the brunet could feel the big, blunt and uncovered tip.

Bucky was a withering mess by now. He so desperately needed Steve to take care of his untouched cock, bringing him pleasure and make his mind turn off. Bucky was trembling with anticipation, a beautiful little sob escaping him.

“Yes Sir. I want you to claim me, I beg you.” The brunet knew that Steve wanted him to speak up, not just reply with yes and no. They both had a thing for dirty talk, even though it was a huge surprise when the ever smiling, innocent, and blushing Steve Rogers had told Bucky how much he wanted to pound his tight hole raw and breed him.

Achingly slowly Steve pushed in. He watched as Bucky’s hole stretched open to welcome Steve’s dick. The blonds mouth slightly open and only a hint of blue left in his eyes. Inch by inch disappearing, all 9½ of it. 

“Faster, Stevie.” Bucky whined, writhing around to get him inside. He let out a heavy moan as Steve bottomed out. Only a pleased grunt escaping Steve. His eyes were closed now, focusing on anything else than the tight feeling and the heat inside Bucky. Steve opened his eyes, a playful grin on his lips while he stroked the others hips in soothing motions.

“Takin’ it so good, Buck.” Steve leaned on his elbows on each side of the others head, that way pushing in deeper. “You’re so tight, I can’t even think straight!” the blond groaned into Bucky’s neck, making the other chuckle sweetly in response.

“Then good thing you’re gay, hu- UH!” Bucky teased back but a deep thrust from the other ended the sentence in a loud moan, throwing his head back into the