, sometimes childish character. Having her absolute power, she tended to get carried away with plans and shenanigans and that one scarlet afternoon spend in the presence of a man in blue and red and white, talking about gentle boys and the hidden emotions of a prince, interactions that should have happened but never did.



They planned.



Oh they planned.



The queen had a role to play, but sometimes her kindness was cruel and her good intentions formed the bricks for a gorgeous road to hell.



So this is why we find Lance staring at the prince, who looks absolutely radiant and in his element, smiling among guests on a party. This is why we find Lance staring at purple skin and the soft curls of summernightblue reaching up a slender throat and sharp jaw.



To be precise, the very same pattern glowing on his very own throat and arms.



(That was not quite enough, because, holy quiznak, Lotor was wearing a tux. White shirt, first two buttons open, the same summernightblue as the paint, with white designs on the collar. He was standing there, back straight, mouth turned up into a resemblance of a smile. Glowing in a way and why had Lance never realized just how gorgeous he was?



Lance wanted the smile to reach his eyes and where did that thought come from...



Oh who was he kidding, he was in shock and 

how was he gong to explain this to his friends?




Because this was his soulmate and holy quiznak, he was gorgeous and maybe his and maybe, just maybe, he wanted even those few weeks they could have.



He has looked for so long and here he was, his enemy. His god damned enemy and 

Lance didn't care this was his soulmate ohmygoohmygodohmygod.

)



He almost fainted.



Almost.



Instead he watched for once, let that one little drop of adoration (perfect, absolute, bus small, so very very small and still so very, very powerful...) grow into a full grown infatuation, obsession.



(“It's far too early for love...”, he whispered and his heart screamed at him.)



Instead he walked forward and carefully reached out.



“Care for a dance, Highness?”



He smiled.



He tried to behave, but this might all be his and he would always belong to this gorgeous man if he ever decided to accept him.



( “It's too early for love...”, his mind growled and his heart remembered.



He had always fallen fast and deep.)



Lotor just stared at him and his smile almost broke apart because 

why would he want to dance with him.




And then there was the faintest breath of a “yes” and he glowed, Lance literally bursts into the happiest smile he could muster and maybe there was something in Lotor’s gaze that he maybe felt hidden away in his heart.



Their hands didn't touch, they were both wearing gloves.



(Lily white. Lance looked good in white and blue, the fabric felt nice around his shoulders. He felt free.



His heart soared.



His heart sang and his mind hushed it and he almost stopped breathing because heavens this was too much.



How did his parents not die when they met?)



White hair tickled his nose, that one strand stubbornly in front of Lotor’s face, the rest braided and pulled up. Lance revelled in the fact that he was taller and he gladly pulled Lotor into a waltz, hushed voice explaining steps and watching the others face for any kind of discomfort, maybe staring at the paint almost hidden by the collar.



Music changed and they soon changed partners but somehow they found each other again.



Although Lance would have paid anyone to spare him that one dance with Keith.



That was awkward and weird.



Keith kept staring at his feet and it would have been adorable... But Keith.



Well at least Lance now had something to hold over Keith's head.



He was the better dancer.



Later Hunk dragged him aside and just stared, waiting for something and Lance just had to tell him, consequences be damned.



“He is my soulmate, Hunk and did you see him? He is so pretty and his hair and holy quiznak that smile and he danced with me!!!!”



He was totally blushing.



Hunk was still processing, then it clicked and then...



“Wait wait wait wait wait, Lotor? Prince of the galran empire Lotor? That guy Lotor??? The “I just want to hug his hair, it looks so soft”-Lotor? 

Lance, he is our enemy what the heck.

”, panic.



Lance still beamed at him, “I know! But...”, he visibly deflated and suddenly there was warmth in his eyes, so much warmth and something close to adoration, “He is mine and I still... I promised to myself that I would love him. That I would protect him. Hunk, I... I don't think I can hurt him.”



“Will you tell the others?”



“I have to. They have to know... Well, that will suck...”, he sighed, hands clawing at the material of his pants, fingers drawing circles on his leg, shuffling feet and for just a second