a guy with a mullet and IT’S TERRIBLE!”
“That’s nice sweetheart, wash your hands and get your ass in here, dinner just got ready!”

For the next few days things are quiet, Lance calms down and Hunk and Pidge get bored of the teasing.
That coffee guy doesn’t appear again, even though Pidge already likes him.
“Hey, he likes my wife’s cooking, sooo, kudos to him.”, they shrug and grin as Hunk groans, “You guys are not married yet! And that monster doesn’t deserve you anyway!”
Pidge just pats the coffee machine and coos, “He didn’t mean this, you are wonderful.”
Lance ignores them. Allura just flees upstairs to check on paperwork and to get away from their madness.
He has the late shift and it’s almost time for everyone but him to pack up and go home, so he will be patient. 

He is patient.
Hunk is finally gone, Pidge is being picked up by their brother and Allura left with Hunk.
(He saw that smile. He was so going to grill Hunk tomorrow.)
And his shift was nearing its end.
There are no customers and Lance totally uses the few minutes he has to sweep the shop. Singing.
More like screaming lyrics and dancing with the broom, sometimes using it for an air guitar solo, sometimes turning it into a mic. Once into a pole.
And of course that is the moment coffee guy walks in.
“Uhm… I think I’ll just… leave.”
The broom falls with a deafening noise and Lance whirls around, eyes wide and an expression of pure mortification on his face, “Oh crap, you saw that? Crap, wait, sorry, I can do this…” He breathes out and then smiles his usual smile. Something is totally screaming in the back of his head.
“Hello sir, how may I help you?”
“Coffee.”
“Latte or normal?”
“That stuff from last time. the strong one.”, woah, that guy looks dead on his feet. Even his hoodie looks like an empty potato sack, there are shadows under his eyes and when he reaches up and rubs at him, Lance maybe nawws for a second.
His pokerface saves him. Barely.
“Coming right up! Long day?”, keep talking about normal things, don’t flirt. don’t. Flirt. Yet.
“You have no idea.”, the guy’s voice is quiet, rough, a little bit grumpy, but he is answering. That is something.
Lance curses when he sees that there is no coffee left inside and reaches up to get a new package from the shelf above the machine, his shirt riding up that one inch. He will have to fix his shirt and apron later, bunched up like this they are awfully uncomfortable.
“That sucks, buddy. One second, I’ll just refill the sacrifices to the beast and then you’ll have your coffee.”
He honest to god winks.
The guy, he will call him Mullet for now, snorts and nods, watching him like a hawk and focusing his stare on the mug of coffee the second it’s done.
Again, he almost inhales that infernal concoction and shudders for a sec, “Thanks, i needed that. Another one to go… please.” Damn, that’s an awkward smile.
But a sweet one.
Lance mentally swoons.
He is also not telling this Hunk tomorrow. 

Hunk figures it out the second Mullet walks in and Lance rips his newspaper in front of his face to hide that gigantic blush.
Hunk figures it out the second Lance’s voice jumps five octaves when he talks to the grumpy customer, who just looks at him like he is really worried. Whether it’s about the sanity of the brunet or his coffee… No one ever finds out.
And ooooh, that is teasing material Pidge is only too happy to exploit, so at some point Lance actually throws a glass at their head and they run upstair, still laughing at the beet-red face.
“I’M NOT A BLUSHING VIRGIN!!!”
“THEN STOP ACTING LIKE ONE!!”

So.. this is how the next few days, maybe weeks pass. Mullet comes, orders infernal coffee from hell, downs it, takes another one to go and Lance is left staring after him and smiling like a loon.
At some point they actually start talking to each other and holy shit, Mullet is evil. And mean, hot mean, but mean.
Pidge loves him. Apparently they are sharing their wife with Mullet now.
Lance might be a teensy bit jealous.
And maybe a lot scared, because when Mullet walks into the shop, wearing only a very fitting tanktop and really short shorts, Lance actually spits out his tea all over Allura. Who screams.
(He is so dead later.)
“Are you… okay?”, Mullet looks like he is questioning Lance’s sanity, Allura is glaring daggers at him and Lance? Lance is choking every time he so much as looks up.
The whole disaster ends with Allura,