, at the way Louis is bent slightly at the knees as he tries to get the light at the bottom of the barbecue. He also knows he’s being stared at, by Doniya, who’s the only other person in the kitchen.

“Something interesting happening?” she asks. Zayn pauses before turning to face her, making sure to get rid of his fond smile. He shrugs, leans up against the counter.

“Not really. Just thinking.”

“Right.”

He smiles at her, bright and fake, before pulling at her hair. She gasps in indignation, before he turns back to the slices of chicken he’s trying to take out of their packaging, but it’s frozen so he’s essentially hacking at it with a very ineffectual pair of scissors.

It’s not going to be let go, though, because then she’s scooting closer to him.

“So, why’d you invite him?”

Zayn shrugs. “Hadn’t seen him in a while.”

“You saw him two days ago.”

“Yeah but he’s going to Donny for a while, so, you know.”

“Where’s Perrie?”

Zayn turns to her, eyebrows raised. He doesn’t see where that came from. “Manchester. She and the girls are performing tonight. They’re still touring. You know that.”

“And what about Eleanor? Where’s she?”

“Do you have something to say?” he asks, because he kind of knows what’s happening here but he really hopes he’s wrong.

“Do you?”

He smiles slightly. “Nothing at all.”

“So you don’t think it’s weird, how close you are,” she asks, eyebrow raised in a way Zayn had taught her, thank you very much.

“Never said that, but it’s like- good weird, yeah? Like, winning the lottery. You’re not just gonna give the money back because it’s out of the ordinary.” Suddenly, Zayn realises, shit, maybe he shouldn’t compare their friendship to winning the lotto, definitely not in front of someone who already had suspicions about his feelings. But, well.

He’s always been pretty shameless when it comes to Louis. And it’s never made him feel awkward, when people question it. It makes him feel a bit special, really. He likes that their friendship stands out. He likes that Louis has jokes with his dad, and gossips with his sisters. He likes it, and he likes that when he asked Louis to help him set up for a family barbecue Louis just shrugged and said “of course,” and he likes the way beneath the nonchalance he could tell that Louis liked it too. And maybe they’re a bit more… domesticated than most friends, but Zayn doesn’t mind that. He likes that Louis knew what kind of wine to bring.

His sister doesn’t say anything more. He goes back to opening the chicken.

~

It’s an hour later, with most things on the way to ready, that the doorbell rings for the first time. Zayn’s hands are full, bringing some beer out to the deck, but he hears a rushed call of “I’ll get it!” coming from the dining room and sees through the window Louis rushing to the front door. He’s made himself at home with people he hasn’t even met yet, and Zayn loves him.

~

They all love him, in the end, because how could they not, especially when they’re related to Zayn. He hadn’t even realised he was nervous until he saw Louis chatting to his nan about god knows what, and he felt a weight lift off his shoulders.

Throughout the evening, Louis skitters about, from one relative to another, probably getting more socialising done than Zayn himself. Zayn finds himself wondering how Louis introduces himself, as a friend, a bandmate, and he wonders if all his cousins and aunts and uncles believe him- or if in their head thinking that it must be something more, to be bringing a "friend" to a family event like this. He likes the thought more than he should.

They don't get much chance to talk, but Louis' staying over, so they can talk then. Zayn still makes sure to check in with him, though, every now and again. He's always waved off, brusquely, but he can tell Louis appreciates it so he doesn't stop.

There are times when he doesn't need to check in with Louis, because Louis checks in with Zayn. Sometimes it’s just to ask him where there’s more beer, or if he needs help manning the stove, but other times it’s just to stand by him, take a break, and those are the times Zayn loves most of all. When whirlwind Louis comes to a rest, lets his warmth seep into Zayn as he leans against him, smiling softly, taking a sip from