Sakura finished her examination and called Kakashi and Sasuke back into the small living room. "I've checked her vitals and she seems to be all right, but her body's weak and seems starved for nutrients. Give her this—" she pulled from her healer's apron a few white envelopes, most likely with some kind of powder inside, "—in her food for two weeks. This should be enough to last you. In this powder are crushed nutrients and minerals that the body needs to be healthy. Until she can get it from her diet, she needs supplements. As soon as Sasuke came to the medical center saying you'd found a girl on the beach, I figured she wouldn't be in the best of health physically."

"You think?" came Sasuke's voice from the kitchen area. Sakura peered past Kakashi's shoulder and shot the boy an icy glare.

"I mean, it was likely that she wouldn't have proper nourishment." Sakura's voice had become very clinical, a sign that she was controlling her temper.

"Thank you, Sakura," said Kakashi, smiling faintly as he took the packets from her. Then he stopped. "Wait, put this in her food for—wait, you think she'll be with me for two weeks?"

"I don't see why not," Sakura said with a shrug.

"How would it look for a helpless girl to be living in the house with two unmarried males?"

"Ah," she murmured, letting her breath out in a hiss. "Yes, that is a tight spot." She tapped her finger against the bridge of her nose as she thought. "What if she's a family friend?"

"She's Sasuke's cousin," Kakashi suggested.

"Did someone say my name?" came the voice from the kitchen, this time sounding like the mouth was filled with food.

"That could work," agreed Sakura with a smile.

Sasuke poked his head out of the kitchen with a suspicious look. "Yes, I'm sure I heard my name. What are you two talking about in—"

He didn't finish, for at that moment the young woman on the couch sat up weakly and opened her eyes.

No one learns a language this fast. I know. Bear with me. We have to keep the plot moving at a decent pace.

They were all very still, waiting for each other to react. The only sounds were the crackling fire and the pouring rain, creating a general hush over the four.

Sakura made the first move and went hesitantly to the girl's side, kneeling on the floor. "Hello," she said gently, "I'm Sakura. I won't hurt you. Can you tell me your name?"

The girl opened her mouth to speak, but no sound came out. A thin hand went to her throat and she winced as if in pain, but not quite—it was more a grimace of sorrow.

"Does your throat hurt?" questioned Sakura, but the girl shook her head. She pointed at her throat and shook her head.

"You can't speak?" This was met with a nod.

Sakura sat back on her heels, looking unsure. "Can you write? What I mean is, could you write out what you want to say—perhaps with a quill and parchment?"

The young woman shook her head. Sakura's brows furrowed. "Then how do you communicate?"

The girl made helpless gestures, her expression almost frustrated, but mostly sad.

Sakura sighed heavily. "I hate when this kind of thing happens," she murmured. The girl looked mildly upset so the teenaged medic quickly revised her statement. "It's not that I hate you, I just…these kinds of situations are frustrating on all the parties involved, yes?"

The girl shrugged as if to say she'd never been in this situation.

Sakura ran a hand through her damp hair and sighed again, turning to Kakashi. "That," she said, pointing at the silver-haired man, "is Hatake Kakashi, and he found you on the beach. This is his home."

"The clothes are mine, though," said Sasuke, who had been curious enough to emerge from the kitchen and come into the living room, a somewhat dry look on his face, as if already bored with the whole affair.

The young woman faced Kakashi and Sasuke and tilted her head in thanks. Kakashi got a good look at her eyes—they were a soft, trustworthy green, like a well-worn favorite shirt. They were surprisingly…human. Kakashi had almost been expecting eyes out of a fairly tale he would pick up from the library, large and luminous and fawnlike.

"What can we call you?" asked Sasuke, then remembered. "Oh…oh. Don't answer that. We'll pick a name for you, how about, just something to call you until you can communicate?"

She looked hesitant, but nodded.

"Kakashi," said Sasuke as