wall, trying to spy the creature that had made the noise.

He heard a single footstep behind him, but before he could move, he was grabbed from behind, arms trapped at his sides and a hand clamped over his mouth.

"Mmph!" Jensen tried to shout, struggling in his captor's grip. He kicked backwards and heard an, "Oof!", but the iron band of an arm across his chest only tightened.

Then a voice murmured in his ear, low and rich, "Shh, Little Lord Ackles."

Jensen froze. His chest was heaving from his exertions, but otherwise, he was completely still. His heart was pounding loudly enough that it had to be audible to the man holding him, though for the life of him, he couldn't have said if it was fear or excitement that had his pulse racing.

Probably a little of both.

"That's better." The hand stayed over his mouth, but the grip gentled, long fingers stroking the line of his jaw. "You should not be wandering alone in the dark, little lord. There might be dangerous men about."

Jensen nipped at the man's hand and was rewarded with a yelp in his ear, but also with his mouth being freed. "I am not afraid," he retorted.

"And why ever not?" his captor murmured. He fingered the fine lace at Jensen's throat. "You make a tempting target for a pirate." His hand smoothed down the fine linen of Jensen's waistcoat, pausing at the pearl-encrusted buckle of his belt. "Very tempting," he muttered in an even lower voice.

Jensen shivered, willing the man's hand to go lower, to the sudden bulge beneath his breeches, and yet terrified that it would. "My father's guards are all around the property," he replied, wincing at the breathless sound of his voice. "You could become their prisoner in an instant."

"And yet you are keeping your voice down so we are not discovered." The man nosed at the back of Jensen's ear, sending a dark thrill down his spine. "It is almost as if you came out here hoping to encounter me."

"Don't be ridiculous." Jensen tossed his head back, but it only brought his neck into contact with the man's lips, and he bit his tongue to stifle the sudden groan that wanted to escape.

"Mmmm." He brushed his lips back and forth over the skin of Jensen's neck, and Jensen clenched his hands into fists at his sides as desire washed over him. "Last time we met, I told you that you still owed me. And that when I saw you again, I would collect."

"I owe you nothing," Jensen ground out from between his teeth. "Just because you chased away a couple of ruffians like yourself—"

"They were nothing like me." The pirate gripped Jensen's shoulders almost tightly enough to hurt as his voice dropped to a growl. "You know what they would have done to the Governor's son, lost and alone on the docks: passed you around among them like a barrel of rum." He abruptly let go of Jensen and took a step back. "If you truly think I am the same as them, if my attentions are unwelcome, then go ahead. Call your father's guards."

There was no sound for a moment except the creaking of the palm trees overhead as they swayed in the breeze. Then, slowly, Jensen turned around.

Jared Padalecki was every bit as beautiful as Jensen remembered him. His head was bare, brown hair tied back at the nape of his neck, open-necked white shirt crossed by a black baldric that held a sword at his side, brown breeches tucked into high, scuffed boots. Jensen had forgotten over the past year how he had to look up to meet those blue-grey eyes, tilted like those of the wild foxes that ran over the islands. But the wide cut of his mouth, the dark mole beside his nose, the curve of muscle in his forearms: those were just as Jensen had remembered, and they had his breath coming rapidly once more.

He wetted his dry lips and saw Padalecki's eyes track the motion. "You are not like them," he admitted. "You rescued me, after all."

"But not for free." There was just enough moonlight to reveal the twinkle in Padalecki's eyes. "Would you pay your debt, Little Lord Ackles?"

"Only if you swear to never call me that again," Jensen grumbled.

A smile dimpled Jared's cheeks. "But you are little," he said, deliberately looking Jensen up and down.

"How would you know?" Jensen retorted in his sultriest voice, raising one eyebrow. He was gratified to see Padalecki's eyes go wide, and it gave him the courage he needed to grab a fistful of white shirt and pull Jared towards him.

Their lips met like waves crashing on the shore, and it was every goddamn bit as good as Jensen