of the kitchen and looked at him. "You're going with her. And yet you still wear the shirt I gave you. Your favourite plaid shirt. I gave it to you and you're wearing it to go see her." Zayn said in a cold tone. He didn't know whether to be mad, or sad, or anything really. He just knew he didn't want him to go with her. He didn't. "Zayn, I-" "No, leave. Go marry her on Sunday. Have a happy life Liam." "Zayn, baby, calm down." Louis stood up and carefully put his hand over Zayn's shoulders. Liam felt jealousy boil through his veins. Zayn was his, only his. No one could touch Zayn like he could. No one could make nicknames for him unless Liam made them. "You know what, maybe I should. I can see your happy with someone now." Liam said in a emotionless tone. The room felt cold to Zayn. A tear rolled down his cheek, his vision becoming blurry. "I thought you loved me..." Zayn mumbled, right above a whisper. "Zayn, I do, but I love her too..." "No! If you loved me you wouldn't be doing this Liam. You wouldn't be marrying her on Sunday! You wouldn't be breaking me! Think about us, about you and me!" Tears were now streaming down Zayn's cheeks as fell down on his knees. Tears were his very weakness, and Liam knew that. Zayn wasn't the one of the person's who would let you see them cry. He'd cry when he was alone -in silence- blocking out the world. Even if it meant blocking out his loved ones. Watching Zayn cry broke Liam. Liam swore he heard his heart break into a million pieces. He went to hug Zayn, but Zayn's body felt foreign. Zayn on the other hand, didn't know what to do. Cry? Punch the shit out of the love of his life? Scream in frustration? Suicide? His mind was clouded and Liam's arms weren't helping. Liam took in Zayn scent, it wasn't as strong as it was a few nights back. Then it hit him, he wasn't wearing his own clothes, they were Lou's. He sighed and stood up leaving both boys alone.

 





• • •

 Sunday morning, and Zayn was alone in Lou's apartment. He left early in the morning to help the other boys with Liam's wedding. Zayn was cuddled in bed with his arms around a pillow who was covered in salty tears. Zayn was gonna loose Liam once and for all. Liam was inside the chapel chewing on the inside of his lip, pacing back and forth. "Liam, relax." Liam heard the curly haired lad say. Liam nodded and tried fixing his bow tie. "Here I'll do it." The curly haired guy said fixing Liam's bow tie. Liam bit his lip and looked at his friend. "He didn't come, did he?" "You seriously expect him to come and look at you say, 'I do'?" "No, but he's my best friend Harry." "And he loves you Liam, what if it was the other way around. Zayn was marrying Perrie, what would you feel?" Liam knew Harry had a point. If Zayn married that scary-looking blonde, Liam would probably die. That would be the end of him. Liam looked at Harry and gulped. "That would be the end of me, but I'd understand and let him go. That's what Zayn needs to understand." "You know what, Zayn will. But know this Liam, he still fucking loves you more than anything. Stop being a fool Liam! Go back with Zayn while you still can!" "Knock knock, oops sorry. I'm in already." Louis walked inside, fixing his tux. Even if he was probably mad at Liam, he showed up unlike Zayn. But Liam knew it would be a miracle if Zayn showed up and -at least- put a fake smile on. "Curly, leave the boy alone and go help Niall with the guests." Harry nodded and walked out. As soon as he walked out Louis opened his arms and with a frown, Liam walked into them. He cried. Liam wanted to love Danielle the same way she did, but he didn't. His heart belonged to only one person, and he couldn't be with HIM. "Hey, you're going to mess up our suits if you keep crying." Louis said, trying to lighten up the mood the room. Liam just nodded and grabbed his dirty shirt, cleaning his eyes with it. He pulled back and saw the shirt. It was Zayn's red Polo sweater. His eyes began to water and sniffed. "How is he?" His voice was broken and right