the two of them and never explored with any previous partner, seemed as beautiful and delicate as the fine silks waiting to adorn Chris’s body.

 

Chris had been intrigued and excited. This wasn’t entirely new to either of them – Chris had dressed up for Zach before – but it was the first time Zach had bought Chris something to wear. Up until now they had made do with Chris’s own modest collection, safely tucked away in the back of his underwear drawer at home. However, Zach had mentioned that he would be looking for a present for Chris, and, Chris being the smart guy that Zach knows he is, had put two and two together correctly when Zach had murmured to him about his gift. He had practically dragged Zach back into the bedroom to be given it, and the look on his face as he unwrapped the small parcel was ecstatic. His eyes had glittered with excitement as he held up the black fishnet stockings and black lace panties. For a moment, he had seemed lost in his own world as he ran the stockings through his fingers, mesmerised by their gentle rustling. When Chris had lifted them to his face and gently rubbed them against his cheek, his eyes closed, a soft sigh parting his lips, Zach’s knees had gone weak, and he had had to sit down. And now he’s perched on the bed, his cock rock hard beneath his towel, as he watches Chris get dressed.

 

Stockings first. Chris points his toes daintily, gathering the fabric together first so as not to ladder them, and eases each one up his calves and thighs. Zach’s heart warms seeing the care with which Chris treats his gift. It has its practical side – Chris confided to Zach once that he had ruined so many stockings by pulling them up too hastily or snagging them on a toe – but Zach likes to think in a small squishy area of his brain that Chris is also taking care of them because they were a gift from him. Chris smoothes his hands up his legs after the stockings are on, pulling out a few small wrinkles, clearly enjoying the feel of them. The dark fabric stands out on Chris’s golden skin, and the hairs on his legs peek through the gaps in the fishnets. It’s beautiful. Zach can’t wait to touch him, but he stays put, enjoying his show.

 

Panties now. First one leg, and then the other. Chris takes his time pulling them up, swaying his hips as he eases them over his ass. His face is the picture of concentration, but Zach doesn’t miss the mischievous glint in his eyes that tells him how much Chris is loving being the centre of attention, or the little shimmy that makes his ass bounce. Minx. The lace is soft and see-through, fitting snugly over his cheeks with a delicate elastic edge that presses ever so slightly into his skin. At the front, his rigid cock is straining the lace to the limit, clearly outlined and visible through the fabric’s floral pattern. A small wet spot from the tip of him has already seeped into the panties, and Zach shudders. He wants to mouth Chris through the briefs, feel the competing textures of patterned lace and the soft skin of Chris’s cock beneath it, let Chris spill all over them, then shove them aside and fuck him while his cock rubs in the damp of his own come, fuck him until he shoots in them again, gets them properly soaking…

 

Now that he’s made full use of Zach’s present, Chris looks him in the eye for the first time since the show began, and an electric charge zips through the air between them. Chris’s expression is knowing, a smirk that tells Zach he knows exactly what Zach is thinking, that he knows how good he looks right now. Zach makes to get up, but Chris holds up a hand and shakes his head, stopping him. They’re both aware that there’s no time for play right now, or they’ll be late for their reservation. So Zach just has to watch Chris continue getting dressed and content himself with rubbing his own aching cock to take the edge off. Chris is stepping into his pants now. Zach chose those too: they’re dressy, made of a fine grey wool and fitting snug against Chris’s ass. One of Zach’s favourite pairs. It’s going to be hard to keep his hands off him during their date, but Zach reckons it’s worth it for how amazing he’s going to look. Plus, Chris could be wearing anything with that lingerie underneath it and Zach would be three seconds from jumping him, even those ratty old jeans he’s been begging Chris to throw out for weeks. Might as well allow him to be at maximum hotness when it’s not going to do any additional damage. Chris is now putting on his shirt, a pale blue button-down that matches his eyes. He tucks in it carefully, and as his waistband dips, Zach catches little glimpses