fought back with all he had, managing to knock out a man in red armor and severely injure another.

An eternity later, Cloud was released. The blond scurried out the door, ignoring his pain. He suddenly smashed his face against the floor, having been tripped.

Weakly, Cloud looked up, facing Sephiroth. The man looked down at him, and the blond suddenly felt heavy. His eyelids struggled to stay open, and the pain in his entire body dulled to an insistent ache. His vision blurred yet again, and he collapsed.

The last thing he felt before succumbing to unconsciousness again was a pair of strong arms lifting him and taking him somewhere.

Sephiroth placed the captive back into the refilled tub, leaving one of his subordinates to wash the prisoner. He ordered that none of the prisoner's wounds be healed; he would decide what to leave to heal naturally. Strife-Cloud could not be allowed to escape again, after all.

The white mage did her job quickly and efficiently, announcing in no time at all that the blond had been cleansed. Sephiroth ordered that he be brought back in front of the fire. Quickly glancing over the blond's wounds again, he took pity on the captive and first healed the marks caused by Chaos and the head injuries. He turned the blond over, confident that the Sleep spell he'd casted was strong enough to keep him asleep despite the movement. The silver-haired King healed the damaged rectum with a disgusted frown on his face. Such an unfortunate individual; no wonder Strife was in his name.

Leaving the other injuries alone, Sephiroth stepped back and allowed the forced sleep to leave the blond's system naturally. The quick, violent reactions were not easy to subdue without dealing some physical damage, and the captive had had more than enough of that.

As the others in the rest house went about their business, Sephiroth couldn't help but look at the prisoner more closely again. Now that he was clean and brought back to a more normal temperature, Strife-Cloud was still slightly pale in complexion, but it seemed that that was his natural skin tone. The left over wounds were an angry red, and the bruises stood out more prominently than before.

Strife-Cloud could and would survive the discomfort. Sephiroth checked what remained of the captive's clothes. The majority of the uniform was too torn up to even cover Strife-Cloud properly indoors. He decided to discard the entire set after smelling the blood, sweat, and other rancid odors emanating from the clothes – especially the trousers. He ordered that proper, heated clothing be brought for the captive, and a white mage quickly came to deduce the prisoner's measurements before leaving and returning. The still-unconscious blond was dressed into a furred robe which was the only thing that would cover him entirely.

The last thing Sephiroth requested of his subordinates was enough food to sustain the prisoner. Once that was packed, he took the parcel of food and carried Strife-Cloud over his shoulder, leaving the rest house and securing everything onto Malebolgia before leading the beast out onto the main path and mounting him.

Strife-Cloud was a valuable source of information on part of the enemy, but he was also what impeded part of Sephiroth's progress.

Faintly, Cloud felt rocking movement all around him. No, it was mostly under him. Groggily, he tried to steady himself, freezing in place when he felt his back touch something. He didn't dare move, not even as the rocking began to slow down and eventually stop.

The presence behind him left, and he heard the crunching of snow as whoever was behind him dropped. Cloud tried to move, uncomfortable with face pressed against wherever he was, and discovered that his wrists and legs were bound to whatever he was lying on.

"You are finally awake now, I see," a familiar voice said to his left. Cloud practically scraped his face against what looked and felt like golden, short-haired fur, and he caught a glimpse of Sephiroth staring right at him.

"Who were the ones that sent you?" the man questioned, getting right down to business.

"I wasn't sent – I was taken here against my will," Cloud managed to respond.

"Who sent you to the foreign land?" Sephiroth clarified.

"What foreign land? This place seems more than enough to be classified as foreign to me."

"I will be the one asking the questions here," Sephiroth said with narrowed eyes.

"And I would like to answer them as well as I can," Cloud lied, "but there are lots of things on my mind, too."

"Which are...?"

"Where am I right now? What do you plan on doing with me? What am I tied to? What con—"

"One at a time. I will answer your first question before asking my own. You are in what is called the Great Glacier. Should you have any escape plans in mind, do know that it is difficult for even a native to find his way through this maze. I will repeat myself