in not over stepping his bounds. Ginny’s eyes glittered at seeing Hugo relax. It was time for the next phase.

“Now then,” Ginny said putting the clothes she had chosen at one side, “You have been a good boy Hugo. It’s time for your reward.”

“W-what reward?” Hugo’s nervousness returned in full force.

“You wanted to see your aunt in skimpy clothes didn’t you?” Ginny questioned, “Well, go on and pick whichever one you want. I’ll put on a show just for you.”

Though Hugo just sat there rooted to the spot, his mind frozen, incapable of processing any information.

Seeing that Hugo wouldn’t be moving any time soon, Ginny sighed and approached Hugo. She straddled his lap, bringing her face closer to his.

“Don’t you want me Hugo?” Ginny said in a childish tone, her warm breath ticking Hugo’s nose, “Don’t you want to bend your aunt over a table and fuck her silly?” she brought her face closer to his and slowly trailed her lips barely touching his skin all over his face.

“Oh merlin yes,” Hugo gasped, finally having broken.

Ginny smiled triumphantly, “Then go on, pick a few clothes for your aunt and I’ll try them for you.” She got up from his lap.

Hugo got up like lightning and scrambled like mad dogs were after him, leaving Ginny chuckling. In a flash, he returned carrying a dozen or so clothes.

“Please,” his voice was raspy and thick with desire, “I want you to put these on.”

Ginny looked at them critically. All of them were shorts, skirts or small blouses, “Alright,” she smiled, “Just because you have been a good boy,” she whispered in his ear.

She picked a few and went into the room. The few minutes that she was in were like centuries to Hugo. His thinking process had been shut down and all he could do was think through his cock. And his cock wanted to see his aunt in as little clothes as possible.

“How do I look?” Ginny’s voice filled with lust brought him out of his musing. He whirled around only to stop in his track. She was wearing a short pleated skirt barely coming to her mid thighs, leaving miles of creamy skin to gaze at. Her legs were sensuous, delightfully firm as she stood there arching one leg to the front. Her shirt was a bit short leaving a small area of her stomach naked, on which Hugo’s eyes hungrily latched on. Her shirt was orange and sleeveless. Once again leaving her beautiful, pale and slender arms at the mercy of his lustful gaze. Her back was arched, thrusting her breast further, putting emphasis on their largeness and firmness as they stood proud like twin peaks. Her hair were framing her heart shaped face as her eyes twinkled with mischief and a little bit of lust.

“Well,” Ginny licked her lips, “How do I look?”

“Merlin, Aunt,” Hugo gasped, “You are the sexiest witch I know.”

Ginny giggled at him, “Well, this was a rather moderate set. Let me try something sexier for you. You have earned it.”

Hugo couldn’t fathom what could have been even sexier but as Ginny came out once again. He decided it was definitely sexier.

She was wearing a leather skirt even shorter. Barely covering her ass. Over it she wore a white blouse tied beneath her breasts. It left almost all her body bare before her eyes. Her amazing cleavage, seemed to draw him in. Her toned and taut stomach made him want to lick her again and again. And her legs, Merlin he just wanted to worship those legs.

“What about this one?” Ginny giggled sexily.

Hugo gave a throaty moan, “Please, Aunt Ginny, no more. I can’t take it.”

Ginny laughed merrily, “But we still have a few clothes left to try you know.”

Hugo’s eyes had glazed over as he made his way over to Ginny. Ginny just kept staring at him mischievously till he was right upon her.

Bending down, Hugo captured Ginny’s lips in a searing kiss that left her insides aflame. Admittedly though, he could use a little lesson in kissing.

“Oh, you naughty boy,” Ginny whispered, “Who told you, you can kiss your aunt?”

“B-But,” Hugo sputtered.

“Never mind,” Ginny giggled, “Do you want me to change or shall we go like this,” she pointed to her current attire.”

“Please like this,” Hugo begged.

“Alright, you pervert,” Ginny teased picking up an overcoat to cover her body. They headed to the counter and paid for the clothes.

“Now then, there’s a nice little hotel that I know of. Do you want to head there?” Ginny whispered in his ear.

Hearing about a hotel made his already rock hard dick throb. He nodded enthusiastically.

Ginny just giggled at his antics