and he likes the way Yuuri's hair smells.

********

The next morning, since it's Chris’s birthday, Yuuri and Victor slip out of bed to make breakfast for him. Chris stirs a bit at the rush of cold he feels when they get up but he stays asleep.

When he does wake up, it's to Victor placing a kiss on his forehead and Yuuri bringing a tray of food to bed.

“What's this?” Chris says groggily, reaching for his glasses. On the tray in front of him, there's a glass of orange juice that spilled a bit (Yuuri must've been nervous, Chris supposes) and a plate containing chocolate chip pancakes, a cup of syrup, a sausage link, and two pieces of bacon.

Chris looks at Victor, who is beaming, and leans in to kiss him. He catches himself, remembering that he doesn't get to kiss Victor whenever he wants because Victor is engaged. Sure he and his betrothed are here for a threesome but that doesn't mean Chris can just kiss one of the participants whenever the hell he wants.

Victor only smiles at Chris, letting him know that it's okay that he slipped up.

“I remember you said you liked chocolate milk more than orange juice but you didn't have any. Maybe we should've given you water instead?” Victor says, easing Chris’ slight tension.

“No, it's fine. Ah~ thank you,” Chris smiles.

“Happy birthday, Chris,” Yuuri pipes up and kisses Chris on the cheek. He's a bit shocked as he looks at Yuuri's big brown eyes; Yuuri's blushing a deep red and he's trying to hide it. Oh gosh, how cute! Chris thinks.

“Merci, Yuuri,” he says because he didn't miss the way Yuuri watched Chris and Victor talk last night in French.

Yuuri and Victor climb back into bed as best they can and Chris suddenly realizes how small this bed is. They're curled up on either side of Chris like sardines making it hard for him to eat.

“Can I eat this in the kitchen?” Chris asks and the couple showers him with “of course” and “it's your birthday, isn't it?”

Yuuri takes the tray to the kitchen and Victor follows him out of the bedroom.

Chris has been feeling rather lonely lately, having only his cat, coach, and choreographer as company. He doesn't mind it, not really, since he and his choreographer have sex sometimes but he always leaves after. It's just… really nice to be pampered like this.

He emerges from his room in a gray robe and slippers. Victor and Yuuri are making breakfast for themselves now and have put Chris’ breakfast in the microwave, worried that it had gotten cold. They’ve also fed his cat.

While Chris is happy about the attention, he's also confused. It's his birthday, yes, but does that warrant so much? And wow are they being affectionate, sleeping with him and giving him small kisses. He would normally shrug it off but the way to couple obviously changes the subject of whatever they were talking about when Chris enters the room is an indication that they aren’t telling him something.

Chris sits down at the table and Victor brings him his breakfast. He resumes eating but he doesn’t take his eyes off of the couple. It’s sickening how adorable Yuuri is and how hot Victor is, and it’s intoxicating how Yuuri can just flip a switch and be the sexiest thing Chris has ever seen. Not only that, Yuuri is sweet and stronger than he thinks, and Victor is confident and less alone than he thinks. Chris would do anything for them.

Wait.

What?

Did… did he just say he’d do anything for them? Where in the hell did that come from? Chris really is lonely, thinking things like this. Yuuri and Victor are engaged and they’re only here for some fun. Jesus, calm yourself, Chris thinks, and his distress shows on his face.

“Are you all right, Chris?” Yuuri asks, recognizing anxiety when he sees it.

“Uh, yeah, I’m fine. I just realized I didn’t make any dinner plans for tonight,” Chris answers, thankfully coming up with an excuse quickly. Good thing he really did forget to make a reservation.

Victor scoffs, “Oh, like it’ll be a problem for us, three of the best ice skaters in the world, to get a table for dinner tonight.”

********

Victor called Chris’ favorite restaurant later that morning explaining the situation. The restaurant manager said that they keep a few tables unbooked for things like this. Victor thanked her and told Chris and Yuuri to be ready at 7:30.

Oh, how this birthday will be so much better than his last few birthdays. Chris’ heart stings when he thinks about his 24th. Things have certainly changed since then and he