but he's still very much the man who Shuu found himself getting surprised at back when. Back then, before everything happened.  “Kirishima is,” Shuu finally gets out. It was a long time coming, that he'd trained himself to say those words. They sound so natural now too. Almost as natural as Naki nodding and then shrugging. “Don't need clothes. I'll wear my white suit, it's the coolest thing I can wear.” “You wear that same suit toujours. This is a special occasion.” Shuu picks up the needle from the floor, ignores the other stuff like he does so often, and goes back to his task. “Ya already made this one for me, s'just more work.” “How considerate.” “I'll help ya.” Shuu places his hands on the table, for support, and turns his head to Naki, with a smile that's finally actually not forced. It's the one he uses when Naki says something so incredibly stupid it's almost as if he was doing it on purpose. If he was someone else maybe he'd call it fond. “Do you even know how to sew, Monsieur?” “Soo? Whossat?” “Needle,” Shuu illustrates, holding up the needle, “and thread.” “Oh. Nah, I don't,” Naki says, almost with pride. “How do you intend to help then?” “Uh, want me to play that song again?” Shuu notices then that there was no more music playing so he sighs, with a smile. “Sure.”  Naki does so. At least he's not bad with computers. But then again even a baby can use those. After he's done he walks over to the table where Shuu has all the clothes laid out, along with the fake jewelry, scissors, and the sewing machine.  “Looks like a lotta work. Sure y'don't need help?” Shuu hums. His favorite part of the song, and he imagines his mother's too, is when the singer stops her singing and delivers the line as speech. It gives the whole thing all the more emotion. “Tes amis, they have some wine stored, non ?” “Wine?” Shuu nods.  When Naki's trying to remember something he slouches, his legs bent at the knees and feet wide apart, and he places his right hand on his chin. A perfect caricature of thought. Shuu would find it endearing if he had the mind to, right now.  “Think so.” “You can help me get those, for the ceremony.” “Now?” “It's tomorrow. I can't have all the clothes done so quickly.” “Yer amazin' Yamada.” Shuu's thrown aback by the change in topic. By the sincerity in Naki's words. He watches him with caution, his smile and his careful mask falter. “Ya do all these things with the clothes and the things and also plan the attacks, and yer doin' that excurtain thing to the forest, too. And y'know so much about everythin'. Yer really amazin'. I think we'd be lost without ya, y'know. Don't think anyone else can do so many things.”  Shuu watches Naki regard the clothes and the trinkets on the table with admiration, a smile on his face—it's like the one he wore when they went against the clowns, like the one he wore when Shuu prepared rooms for all the ghouls, even like the one he wore when Shuu told him he admired him, years and years ago—and he's silent for too long.  “It's my duty.” “Yer what?” “My job.” “Still, s'amazin'. No one else can do that.” “You only think that because you can't—” “No,” Naki interrupts, hands on his hips, chest puffed out. “S'true.”  Shuu hesitates for a second before finding that his smile isn't as strained, comes with less effort than it has since he opened his mouth and told Kaneki to leave things to him. He even finds his hands steady without having to make the conscious effort to keep them from trembling. It's not long but it's enough that he takes note and has half a mind to thank Naki, sincerely, return the open, vulnerable way he expresses his beliefs, unafraid of ridicule, but tables that thought behind another one of the smiles he's practiced, eyes closed, finger pointed upwards.  “Évidemment, Monsieur.” Naki looks proud at this too, as if Shuu's agreement was a badge of honor itself. Shuu wouldn't call this smile fond, either, but it's close, perhaps.  Sometimes he finds the times he spends interacting with Naki mirror in an opaque yet distinct way those days he spent at the apartment he rented for Kaneki and Hinami and the others, the quiet nights in which he was surprisingly allowed to stay and share their