at his shoulders, Niall throws a crumbled up piece of paper at him, and Zayn’s eyes follow him for the rest of the day.

Zayn shares a room with him that night, the first in a long time. He flips off the light before crawling into bed, mumbling something that vaguely sounds like, “Good night, Li.”

Liam’s got the blankets pulled up to his chin, eyes wide open as he stares into the dark room. He tries to concentrate on his breathing; he read once that’s how you control panic attacks. Somehow the drapes in front of the window have moved to resemble a man and he forgets about his breathing, squeezes his eyes shut and plays through the day over and over again through his head until he falls asleep.

He wakes up screaming, the pillow held to his face, muffling most of the sound. Zayn rolls over, grumbles under his breath.

“Liam?” His voice is groggy (he sounds a lot older in that moment). Liam blinks, looks in his direction.

“It’s alright, Zayn. Go back to sleep.”

+

Zayn doesn’t really leave him alone after that. He hovers over him, silently watching him, eyes calculating. They haven’t spoken about that night, and Liam wonders if Zayn really knows anything.

They start sharing rooms again. Liam wakes up with his head in his pillow, muffling his screaming, sweat drenching his face, every single night.

+

One night he doesn’t wake up. He’s somewhere between consciousness and the dark, depths of his nightmare. He can feel hands on him, someone shaking him, and it takes him a couple minutes before he’s pulled awake by Zayn’s worried voice.

“Liam, Liam, wake up.”

He's screaming, out loud, raw and piercing. Tears are streaming down his face. His body feels like it’s on fire. The light has been switched on, but he still feels eyes on him, hands trying to pull him back into the nightmare. He throws the blankets off of him, stares down at his body to make sure there really isn’t someone there.

“Shhh, Li, shhh. You’re fine.”

No, no, no, he wants to say, I’m not.

Eventually Zayn calms him down and they stay that way, Zayn’s arms wrapped around him half-sitting up, for the rest of the night.

+

“You’ve got to talk to someone about this,” Zayn says the next morning. “Not necessarily me,” though he looks like he wouldn’t mind, “but maybe a professional.”

Liam’s eyes go wide at the thought. He’s fine, there’re just dreams. He laughs a little. “No, it’s cool. I’m just . . . you know,” he shrugs. “I’m fine,” he finally says.

Zayn doesn’t say anything more. That night the light stays on and he can feel Zayn’s eyes on him until he pretends to fall asleep. When he hears Zayn snoring, he snaps his eyes open. He can’t get nightmares if he doesn’t sleep, he reckons.

+

“You’re a right mess,” Louis says a couple days (of no sleep) later.

They’re practicing for a gig and Liam’s missed his mark four or five times now. “I guess I just need a break.”

So they take a break and Louis slumps against him, runs his hands through Liam’s hair. Harry and Niall wrestle over some kind of pastry. Zayn switches from laughing at them to watching Liam.

“You know,” Louis says, his voice awfully quiet, “you can tell me anything, right?” His voice drips with raw serenity. Sometimes he forgets that Louis’s the oldest; he seems to realize it all over again in that second.

He takes in a shuddery breath, almost feels like crying, but just nods and rests his head against Louis’ shoulder.

They stay like that for nearly thirty minutes. Liam doesn’t fall asleep, but he relaxes more than he has in a long time.

+

They’re sitting in a little coffee shop between towns. The bus had started making a weird noise a couple miles back and now they’re basically stranded. He’s squished between Louis and Zayn in a booth with Harry and Niall across from them. Louis and Harry are sharing one of their looks and playing footsie or something under the table, not even trying to be subtle. Niall’s chatting up the only worker – a woman in her mid-twenties, who, unsurprisingly, is hanging on to every word Niall says.

Zayn’s got an arm wrapped around Liam’s shoulder and Liam’s so tried, can’t remember the last time he really slept. He’s found himself shutting his eyes in the dressing room of venues and at hotel cafeteria’s, but moments later he snaps his