head.” He snaps, being a tad ill tempered.

Not being fully knowledgeable on human biology nor in the aspects of infatuation and love. Sebastian offers. “What has you distracted? Master, I'll take care of it with the utmost of haste.”

Irritated and annoyed Ciel barks. “If I want you to do something I'll order you too, understood!”

“Perfectly, I apologize if I was out of line.” he says, briefly taken aback.

Ciel huffed in response, carrying on walking til outside in the courtyard. The mid-spring sun bears down on him as a light breeze barely makes the finely trimmed hedges sway. 

Picking a spot facing the garden, Ciel sits, in a flash with his inhuman speed Sebastian places a chair under his young master while simultaneously placing and setting a table in front of him.

Lifting the cover of the tray Sebastian reveals two sandwiches cut in half at perfect right angles. “May I pour you some hand squeezed lemonade made from imported Mediterranean lemons?” Sebastian offers with the crystal glass pitcher in hand.

Taking a small bite from one of the acutely triangular sandwich halves Ciel mumbled a yes, his attention elsewhere, namely on Finny who is carefully trimming a wall rose buds that will soon blossom into an impressive display.

Ciel stews lost in thought, how will he capture one of his own pieces.

“Master would you care for some honey in you lemonade?” Sebastian inquires a second time slightly louder. 

“What… ah, sure.” Ciel answers, breaking from his daze. 

Dripping a liberal drop of honey into his young master's glass Sebastian slyly comments. “I think I've found what's been distracting you recently.” He can't hide his ear to ear grin.

Ever since puberty kicked in Ciel has known he's fancied men over women. Breathing a heavy sigh. “As a nobleman, the Earl Phantomhive, I could have any woman, any number of mistresses but no I'm pining after a lonely male servant of mine, how unbecoming of me.”

Leaning down, placing his hand to Ciel’s ear, Sebastian says. “I'm insulted, is my performance in the bedroom not satisfactory?” he asks, barely above a whisper.

Nearly immediately, a crimson hue falls across the young Earl’s cheeks. “Shut up. This is a craving of the heart not the body,” Ciel admits getting embarrassed. “How do I make him mine?”  He asks not really expecting an answer, looking up aimlessly. 

Rather warmly Sebastian replies with another question. “How does a pawn in the middle of the board return to his king's side?” 

Taken aback by the sudden realization. “You promote the pawn to a better piece,” Ciel's mind begins to race. “Bring me a second chair, oh and Sebastian move my study to a room that faces the garden.” Ciel orders. 

Having only a brief moment of hesitation Sebastian blinks a few times at the sudden change in subject. “At once.” With that he bows taking his leave, only coming back to deliver the second chair then he's off again.

“Hey, Finny come here.” Ciel shouts.

Stopping what he is doing. Finny jogs over offering his assistance. “Yes my lord, anything I can do for you?” 

“Sit please,” raising the glass pitcher. “You look tired and thirsty, care for a drink.” Ciel kindly offers. 

“Oh, ah, thank you very much sir!” Finny obliges, graciously accepting his young master's kind gesture.

“Honey?” Ciel offers, trying his best to smile, really floundering to do so.

“Oh, that's expensive you shouldn't waste honey on a servant like me,” Finny respectfully declines. “If I may sir? Whats all this about?”

“You look hungry to, finish my other sandwich don't make me make that an order,” He jokes however Ciel was never one known for his sense of humor. “I've been thinking I know you like gardening but I want to promote you to a new position,” Finny’s expression liven up, intrigue by the new opportunity. “I want you to be my personal bodyguard, of course there will be a few added perks, such as you accompanying me to different destinations as well as a new wardrobe for going out of the town also better sleeping quarters. What do you say?”

Ciel is sure if anyone would jump at the chance to see new places it would be Finny.

“I'm not saying no but surely Sebastian is good enough.” Finny points out, doubt still lingers in his mind however enticing the opportunity is. “I mean someone will have to take care of the flowers and garden.”

“He is plenty but what's a little extra insurance I suppose,” Ciel comes up with a flimsy excuse on the spot. “Tell you what while we're at the manor you'll still be our groundskeeper but when I leave I want to with me, deal?”

With a big smile on his face he agrees