won’t kindle in his heart. These feelings in memory are just that—memories, distant glimpses of a life left behind.

All he feels now, he realizes, is a sense of emptiness as the two gaze at each other… and perhaps the slightest twinge of guilt. There’s more of course, but not anything he’s willing to sort through.

So he waits— until Potter does something extraordinary. He slowly extends a hand; an invitation, Snape understands, to put all wrongs behind them.

He scrutinizes the hand.

An opportunity of redemption with at least one person who had hated him in life, and whom he had hated in return.

“Don’t get me the wrong way, Snape, you were a bloody prat in life. But…for everything else you did,” James says in a quiet, serious voice that differs from the tone of his earlier jibe—perhaps feeling the need to explain his outstretched hand. “for everyone you saved. For Harry.”

Snape has a snide comment ready about how humility didn’t suit the magnificent James Potter, but finds he has the self-control to remain quiet.

He is acutely aware of the gravity of James’ invitation, of what it implied— not only absolution of sins… but of James’ own murder.

It’s undeserved. He’s already accepted that he won’t ever escape from the vice grip of his choice’s consequences.

Despite this… Severus hesitates a moment before overcoming his better judgement.

He accepts the hand in his own wordlessly, allowing himself to be freed of the hate that had defined him for so many years.

 

 

 

Severus doesn’t want to see her. Or does he?

He knows she’s there somewhere. If he’s met James and Albus and the rest, she must be. Even though he wanted nothing else for the last twenty years than to see her, just one more time— he can’t help the foreign, nervous energy pulsing through his veins. All the voices in his head, pointing out his flaws.

Snape is the reason her husband fell at the hands of Voldemort, is the reason she…

…it’s his fault.

He’d been enamored with darkness in his youth, the only constant companion of childhood—and that fascination lead him on a sinister path that he will regret for the rest of his conscious existence.

Everything since that fatal mistake was Snape’s attempt to right the wrong. To be in the darkness, but not a part of it— to protect the light and good so many had died for.

Would it be enough, in her eyes? Everything he’s done to get here?

No, Snape decides. No, it won’t be enough.

But he’s already accepted that long ago. Snape can’t wash away the mistakes made in the ignorance of youth. He can’t bring James and Lily Potter back to life again—he can’t undo what was already done; but in life, even so, he never stopped seeking atonement.

 

 

 

When he finally hears her voice, every muscle in his body freezes. He never thought he would hear it again.

Snape feels many things, but most of all, anguish— pointed, vivid anguish.

This is not at all like the dulled memories of anger and hatred towards James and Albus, ones he was able to let go of and be free from.

The intensity of it takes him aback; as if every emotion he ever veiled, every ounce of guilt he internalized for her death, every silent, half sob heaved from his chest when he felt Lily’s lifeless body in his arms—were packed into one, surging sensation that’s nearly too powerful to withstand.

Lily is behind him, and at first, he doesn’t turn.

“Sev.”

He can’t read the tone of her voice—though after what seems like an eternity, Snape steels himself and turns to face her.

Her green eyes fix on him, large and as beautifully vibrant as they had been in her youth.

Lily Potter’s features were crafted stone, impossible for Severus to decipher her true temperament—but he can tell it’s a purposeful expressionlessness, because he himself is no stranger to the tactic. She’s hiding something; a strong feeling that, whether forgiving or hateful, remains a mystery to him.

“I didn’t want you to be here,” She says in a matter-of-fact tone, gazing into his eyes without flinching. He doesn’t respond, face blank. Snape is too practiced, too accustomed to guarding himself in the presence of danger to put down the defenses now—and he realizes this might be the most difficult test of his abilities he will ever face.

He can’t speak to her; he’s not sure what will happen if he tries—all he can do is wait, brace himself, for Lily’s reaction.

The last time they’d spoken with each other alone, they’d been on the opposite sides