then we rest. Got it?”

“Yeah, I got it. Once we hit the river, the great pool is about four days journey downriver.”

“Then we best get movin’.” Dean took off, leaving Benny feeling a bit thankful that the Pool was still quite a journey ahead of them. Assuming the hunter didn’t kill him, or get him killed, before then.



*******

“Cas, buddy, I wish you were here. And not just because you could heal my shoulder and make it stop throbbing. This place has no whisky or Advil, so I go nothin’ to dull the pain with. Did you know that whenever you heal me, I have this, I don’t know how to describe it. This kind of warm rush that lingers. Like I’m full of you. Which sounds really fuckin’ kinky.” Dean smiled shyly to himself as he curled up on the ground, fire to his back, whispering his prayers. He kept his voice as low as he could because he knew Benny could probably hear, if not all, at least part of what he was saying.

“I guess it is kinky. I don’t know when that started really. I think the first time I felt it was after Alastair. You remember that Cas? Sitting with me in the hospital? When you thought I was asleep, you’d touch me, using your grace to speed along my healing. Not so much as to make the doctors think something magical was happening, but enough to… It made me feel good. I felt safe.

“In my life, I pretty much have to sleep with one eye open, y’know. The only person I’ve been able to really sleep deep around is Sammy. But you know that hasn’t been true so much lately, with him seein’ Lucifer everywhere. Then I lost you too, and I’ve not known that kind of rest in so long, Cas. Now we’re here and I miss you so much. When I’m with you, even a place as fucked up as this one, I’d be able to rest. And you could ease the ache. And maybe I could…” Dean drifted off. 

Benny sat and watched the flames dance. He knew he’d never be to Dean what the angel was, but at least he could keep him safe while he slept. “I got your back, Chief.” He whispered in his own version of a prayer.



*******

Fifteen miles away, Cas squatted against a tree, staring at the river. He squeezed his eyes against Dean’s prayers, letting a tear fall down his cheek. Beyond the hunter’s words, Cas felt the weight of his longing. In the human plane, the longing was so constant from all humans that angles got used to holding it. Sometimes the deep desire for something more, something divine, would surge and draw the attention and response of an angel, but for the most part, they always felt the longing of souls for heaven…souls that wanted to be back home. But here, in this place devoid of humanity, the only longing he felt was Dean’s and it screamed at him, amplified by the lack of anyone else to muffle it.

Cas blinked his eyes in the inky blackness. There were no moon or stars in purgatory. Nothing to give light at night. He’d never cared about darkness; his grace enabling him to see without seeing. In this place, where the only prayers he heard were Dean’s, it made the darkness heavy. He cried every night as he listened to Dean, but knew his tears were selfish. He was crying for himself, because he wanted so badly to go to his charge…to be with him, fight with him. Care for him. He wanted to do that so much. But he knew it would get Dean killed. So he spent his days circling wide around Dean, drawing the Leviathan out and away. No, he knew his tears weren’t for Dean. They were for himself. Being separated from Dean while being able to hear him and only him, feel his longing; that was his punishment. And he had to endure it.



*******

“I fuckin’ hate the black goo.” Dean was standing in the river, water swirling around his waist, trying to get as clean as he could. The light here was different, but he knew that his skin seemed to be taking on a darker hue from never being able to fully scrub the blood and goo off himself. He’d stopped caring about the coolness of the water. His skin prickled and bumped from the chill, so he just rubbed harder.

At first, Benny balked at the human’s desire to hop in the river every few days. Nothin’ ever washed in purgatory. Until Dean Winchester that is. Then the hunter’d made some comment about how ripe Benny was and he realized that he really had no idea how things smelled anymore. So he’d taken to washing whenever Dean did