he chuckled.“Not funny...I need you to come to my apartment...someone broke in and trashed the place” I told him with a sigh as I stood against the wall“Seriously? Alright umm” He sighed deeply a female in the background “Give me about 20 minutes just stay put” he told me. I sat on the floor in the hallway holding my head, as I sat in the quiet place my phone rang scaring the hell out of me. I glanced at the caller ID before picking it up it was work, I had totally forgotten about it but luckily they called to tell me someone would be covering my shift so I could have a night off. I hung up before sighing and standing up going to the front door and turning on the hall light before I was stopped by a neighbor, she told me about the noise she heard and called the cops, but the cops never came. I asked her what time it had been and her response was “right after my Judge Judy went off so it was around 6” I nodded a bit. I had been blocking the door the whole time as people came home I didn’t want them to see the mess someone made, when I tried to end the conversation she kept talking I had no idea what to do. I stood listening to her talk about how the neighborhood was declining and about how crime rates went up, she only stopped talking when a male put a hand on her back I looked up to see Hiroto standing there with a goofy smile “Excuse me ma’am, could I have a turn with him?” he asked in a nice voice. She nodded before bidding us both good bye before walking back to her own apartment next door, I shook my head a bit before backing into the place showing him the damage. The goofy smile disappeared and in its place showed a much more serious face.“What am I suppose to do?” I asked softly as I looked around the place, everything had been destroyed even my clothes were shredded someone did this with a lot of hate in their heart. “Got anything valuable?” Hiroto asked as he watched me, I thought a minute before shaking my head“Nope...I just had my wallet and keys…” I told him. He nodded before sighing“Right...Gather anything unbroken...and find anything of use and let’s go…” he began to walk around as he spoke.“Where are we going?” I asked as I walked over to the broken frames of my diplomas and family pictures taking the pictures from them.“My house, you will be staying with me” He helped me pick up some of the stuff, cleaning the kitchen so it wouldn’t stink, and putting everything in the trash. I only kept my documents that I needed and my diploma on the wall, everything else was just….trash. We finished cleaning an hour later before locking up and leaving, I followed him back to his place parking my car on the street hoping it would be safe. I walked into the house greeting his Girlfriend. I could never pin down what I felt about her, but when I was around her I felt like she was giving off a fiery aura telling me she was a dangerous woman. “Dinner is still cooking...and my Guest bedroom isn’t...well a bedroom” He said as he rubbed his head a bit“Well...is the couch available?” I asked. The female nodded“Yes, but it’s not very comfortable” she said as she looked at me, I felt like her eyes were burning a hole in my heart, I looked away nodding“Uh...That’s fine I will take the couch” I told her. She shrugged before standing up and heading into the Kitchen, Hiroto sat in the armchair going back to watching TV, I took a seat on the other end of the couch looking down to the floor. ~I wonder if I should have moved in with Kitty~ I thought before imagining her constant attempts at seducing me, ~Ohh...bad Idea~ I chuckled softly to myself before realizing brother was staring right at me. “Uhh what?” I asked as I looked around trying to figure out if he said anything to me“Uh...Nothing…” He said softly before standing up and walking into the kitchen I shook my head a bit thinking on how much this set me back, I now need to work more overtime to replace my things. I sat watching TV for a while before they both called that dinner was ready, I got up walking into the kitchen, I sat at the table as a plate was sat in front of me. Rice, Chicken breast and broccoli filled the plate. I thanked the two before beginning to eat, Hiroto and I both started to joke about the old days I managed to ask him about the army and what he did. When dinner was finish the men had dishes to do, I washed the dirty dishes while Hiroto put them away in the correct places. After dishes I walked outside sitting on the step and looking up at the night sky, my phone