morning (that Chanyeol “accidentally” brushed his hand over him). Or take a cold shower like every hour of the day, but that was less enjoyed by Baekhyun. 

Just one touch. He'd even suck Chanyeol off, Chanyeol didn't have to do any of the work. Baekhyun would start with his hand, then use his mouth, then use his fingers and then fuck Chanyeol raw. Yeah, it was a good game plan. Chanyeol only had to move once and that was to turn over – effectively he didn't even have to do that. 

Baekhyun had thought about it when he was alone on the ward providing for him and Chanyeol. He wanted to taste Chanyeol. He wanted to make Chanyeol scream his name and claw at the sheets because Baekhyun was just too good for him to take. He wanted Chanyeol’s cum running down his throat as he choked on his—

Baekhyun soon after realised that he didn't know how big Chanyeol was. But whatever size he was, it didn't matter.  

“What time is it?” Chanyeol mumbled, looking up to Baekhyun with half closed eyelids. 

“Almost nine, sleepy head,” Baekhyun jokes, running the tips of his finger back through Chanyeol’s red hair that was desperately in need of being dyed again. Maybe that grey colour. “I booked the day off work and no one will be home for a while so… It's just us again.”

Chanyeol’s smile that flickered onto his lips was breathtakingly beautiful. Baekhyun felt himself twitch at the sight. No, no, now was not a time to get needy. “I don't know how long work will let me have off. I mean, how long has it been now? I'll have to go back sooner or later.”

“Nah. It's okay. They called yesterday and told me they'd covered your schedules for another couple of weeks. Yixing stopped by yesterday when you were sleeping and said that Ariake aren't too worried about you being off and neither is FC Seoul according to Kyungsoo. Take advantage of that, won't you?”

Chanyeol nods, but lifts his head from Baekhyun’s shoulder and rests it back on the pillow beside them. “But I feel bad. I'm practically living with you, I'm not paying Yixing my rent and you’re basically paying for me. I owe you something.”

“Aish, you don't own me anything Chanyeol. You don't have to pay me to look after you. I want to look after you,” Baekhyun states. “I'm your boyfriend, not your babysitter. Let me look after you.”

Chanyeol’s cheeks flush a light pink colour, matching to that of Baekhyun’s hair. He sits up, then turns his head slightly towards Baekhyun with an exasperated look on his face. “How can I make it up to you, anyway?”

“Let me see.” Baekhyun hums, staring at Chanyeol in the most delightful way. He reaches his hand to Chanyeol’s arm, trailing the nail along the tanned skin. “Be a good boyfriend to me. That's all you have to do.”

Chanyeol, half slamming his hands down in protest on the sheets, frowns. “How do I even do that?”

“There are two steps. Are you listening carefully? I won't repeat them.”

Chanyeol nods. 

“The first is that you have to be Park Chanyeol who is a literal giant and sleeps with about twenty blankets.” Baekhyun took note again of Chanyeol’s blush that quite quickly spread to his cheeks. “The second is that you have to make me… Happy. Not just by making jokes and always smiling but by fulfilling my, desires, let's say.”

Chanyeol lost his frown, which is quickly replaced with gapping lips and an obviously dry mouth as he tried to reply. “Y–Your… Desires?”

“Yes. But like dreams they don't have to come true – it's just good if they do.”

“What kind of desires?” Chanyeol asks. 

And boy did Baekhyun’s mind start to race. 

When someone says that to you, someone you may deem your possible true love and maybe wish to spend your life with, you can only do one thing. Internally, very loudly, squeal. “They involve you.”

“Oh.” Chanyeol shifts his body so he's fully turned to Baekhyun. “Well… What do you want me to do?”

Baekhyun smirked slightly. He had to down play the sadistic and dominating thoughts of having Chanyeol truly helpless beneath him begging. Just begging. For more, for release. For anything. 

“It's not what I want you to do. It's what you want to do. What ever you feel comfortable doing, baby, you do.”

Baekhyun is setting his own trap because he’s the one about to cream his pants with pure anticipation of what Chanyeol could possibly do. Fuck him? No, Chanyeol was clearly submissive. Although switching it