collarbone and sucked hard as he rocked his hips forward and yanked Lance closer to the edge of the table at the same time. He would never admit to the sound he made then, because holy shit, he wasn't aware that he could even sound like that, but it wasn't important, because Lance was repeating his name amid a nonstop quiet litany of nonsense words in a breathless voice that was setting all of his nerves on fire.

He was just tugging on the hem of Lance's shirt because the only clear thought in his head was off, now when a voice cut like a knife through the haze of raw desire. 

"Seriously, guys? Do you have to do that here?"

The voice sounded irritated, but that wasn't worrying since irritated was practically Pidge's default state of being. They froze and stared at each other for a wordless moment with wide eyes before simultaneously turning them on the small figure in the doorway. Pidge's lips twitched in an expression that seemed to be shifting between amusement and exasperation before the amusement apparently won out, because they doubled over laughing. Which wasn't really fair, because it wasn't funny, it was horrifying, because his missing best friend's little sister/youngest teammate had just walked in on him making out with his boyfriend, for lack of a better word, and holy shit, what if they'd walked in five minutes later? Because there was a decent chance there would have been a lot less- possibly no- clothes involved, and he was supposed to be the responsible one!

Lance dropped his legs from around Shiro's waist as his expression morphed into something between horrified and mortally embarrassed. Shiro considered stepping back, but the impulse was too late for damage control, and besides, he really didn't want to face that laughter alone. He did pull his hands out from under Lance's shirt and turn slightly so he was leaning on the table between Lance's legs with his hip. Lance tightened the arm still around his waist and leaned against his shoulder. "Please tell me they don't have a camera."

The words were soft, but they pulled a soft surprised laugh out of him and he pulled Lance fractionally closer. "I don't think so. IF they did there would have been more flashing and running and less laughing."

Pidge finally pulled themselves upright and leaned against the door frame, a wide smile still stretched across their face as they wiped their eyes underneath their glasses. "No, but oh my god, I wish I did. Your faces!" One hand came up to cover their mouth, but they didn't break off into hysterics again.

"Did you need something?" Lance's voice had adopted that edgy tone that only big brothers ever seemed to manage, which made Shiro want to smile.

"Yes, actually," they informed him in a perfectly haughty little sibling voice, striding in to the lab to snatch a tool kit off of the table by the door. "And you both owe me, because if Hunk found you having sex in his lab he'd have a stroke."

"We weren't..." Lance started a token protest but gave it up in the face of all the evidence to the contrary, including the fact that his hand was on the naked skin of Shiro's back under his rucked-up shirt. Instead he groaned and hid his flaming face in Shiro's chest. Which wasn't fair, if only because Shiro kind of wanted to do the same thing.

Pidge walked back to the door, but paused at the entry and looked at them with a suddenly serious expression. It reminded Shiro of their father, he realized with a sudden ache. "So it this really a thing now?"

Lance didn't look up, but he did save Shiro from having to answer by waving a hand vaguely in Pidge's direction. "Yes, it's a thing. You know it's a thing. It's obviously a thing. Can you just go and leave us to die of embarrassment in peace, already?"

Pidge looked at them both for a long minute, in which Shiro gave her a small smile and dropped his cheek onto Lance's hair. He was pretty sure he was as much of a blushing mess as the man hiding in his arms, but whatever Pidge saw must have been enough because their smile turned gentle before they left.

They stood there for a minute in silence, holding each other in the now quiet room, before Shiro reached up and tugged playfully on Lance's hair. "So, we're a thing, huh?"

Lance made a noncommittal sound as his fingers absently rubbed circles against the skin of Shiro's lower back. "Well, yeah, I mean, I guess, um. Are we... do you want to be a thing?"

He slid his hand to Lance's chin and tilted his face up. "Yes," he answered, "we're definitely a thing."

"Okay." The word was