be an understatement, but he didn't feel an ounce of disgust towards his best friend and arch rival.

Suga momma is next to ask out his man. Ready yourself Daichi.

So excited about season 2. Sorry this chapter is a little bleh. And a little late, I was holding off on it, because it just didn't seem as good as the first chapter.

Sugawara smiled warmly as he watched Daichi who had a intensely concentrated look on his face as he observed their fellow teammates practice. He bit his plush lips, holding in the giggle that bubbled up in his chest. The setter was mesmerized by the dark haired boy. His presents radiated authority and his muscles left the albino drooling. Sugawara's senses seemed to dull the longer he gazed upon the captain; sounds became muted, colors around Dachi faded and the background blurred. It was as if he was cut out from the world.

Then, without warning, the setter stretched up on his tip-toes slightly and carefully leaned over. The captain didn't seem to notice the shorter boy's actions until he felt a pair of soft warm lips press lightly against his own and watched as a tuft of fluffy silver hair blinded his view of the court. His body stiffened, his brown eyes widened and a burning sensation spread across his cheeks. He was too stunned to react, but the kiss was only for a moment.

Daichi blinked, trying to process what had just happened. He looked over at Sugawara, the cause for his confusion. The said boy was now facing the court once again with a sweet content smile gracing his plush cheeks as if nothing had ever happened. This left Daichi dazed as he stared at the other boy.

Suga's eyes twinkled jauntily as he watched Kageyama yell at Hinata, his mind wandering elsewhere. His hands were clasped tightly together as he resisted the urge to burst with happiness. He had nearly giggled at the face Daichi made when he had kissed him.

"Alright boys, that's enough practice for the day, go change," Ukai called out, shattering the atmosphere around the two third years, putting them into motion.

Daichi snapped his head towards the older man, eyes wide, his cheeks flushing once again as he realized he had been staring. He caught Takada's eye, the man's chocolate orbs held a mischievous twinkle from behind his thick glasses as he shot the boy a sly, knowing grin before turning to leave.

After cleaning up the gym, the rowdy group jumbled their way into the locker room, filling the small space with their loud, boisterous chatter. The captain didn't seem to notice the commotion as he busied himself with the task of getting dressed, his thoughts too clouded with a certain male for him to even reprimand the others. Daichi managed to resist the urge to glance over at the beautiful silver haired boy by firmly locking his eyes on his locker as he changed clothes.

The group of goofballs then proceeded to trample their way down the deserted streets, returning home. Sugawara let out a small laugh as Kageyama and Hinata raced off, hollering out battle cries. Tsukishima grumbled under his breath as he turned off down a separate street, Yamiguchi trailing happily after him like a lost puppy. Looking to his side, Sugawara spotted the hyper little libero jabbering Asahi's poor ear off, the giant smiling softly at the boy, amused by the shorty's enthusiasm.

Without realizing it, the two third years' knuckles brushed each other's. Smoothly, their hand glided together, entangling themselves. Daichi gazed ahead, eyes glazed over as he lost himself within his thoughts, a gentle smile lazed across his face as he felt light and free.

A soft squeeze brought his gaze down to their conjoined hands, cream white mixing with soft caramel. His brown eyes widened as he shot his attention to his vice captain's face. When their eyes met and they peered into each other's soul, all thoughts left Daichi's mind; no longer did he worry about the coming graduation, no longer did he stress over the team's success, and no longer did he ponder the sudden actions of a certain silver headed boy. With affection clearly shown upon his tanned face, he squeezed back.

A tall third year, sporting a small ponytail, smiled joyfully at the new couple as he leisurely walked alongside them, a cute ball of energy bouncing next to him, trying relentlessly to pull Asahi towards an ice cream cart.

Takeda x UkaiNext  up is the adults of course. Poor Ukai has no choice but to give in to the ever persistent Advisor, Takeda, who won't take no for an answer.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Trial One:
Ukai was left to watch the boys by himself as Takeda had to attend another boring meeting. Takeda felt a little bad for leaving the poor man to deal with the rowdy bunch alone. So, he rushed back to the gym as soon as he could, but by then practice was just finishing and everyone was already cleaning up.

Slightly out of breath, the advisor stopped