You get used to it.” Castiel does not want to admit how easy it has been for him to get used to it. He cannot imagine that Uriel would be able to understand.

“He is too small for you,” Uriel muses, his eyes assessing, traveling from Castiel’s feet, in their uncomfortable, dusty shoes to his messy hair. “But then, they all are.”

Castiel looks down at the body of his vessel, the familiar suit and tie and trench coat. He holds his hands out in front of him, studying his palms. “He was a good man. He prayed for God to take away his pain."

“And have you done that?”

“What do you think?” Castiel looks straight into Uriel’s eyes, seeing far beyond what is visible. “He is at peace now.”

Uriel looks away, gazes out over the town. “So you chose a good man and I chose an evil one. That sounds about right.”

Castiel is not surprised that Uriel had not chosen his vessel in answer to a prayer. No one would pray for possession by a being such as Uriel.

“You designated yourself to be his punishment?”

Uriel shrugs. “I am only the beginning of his punishment.”

Uriel turns to him, places his fingers under Castiel’s chin, lifting and turning his face so that Uriel can study him. Uriel feels along Castiel’s jaw, running his fingers back and forth. It’s a tender gesture and Castiel willingly submits to it. He knows Uriel is as curious as he, searching to recognize the creature of light somewhere within this fleshly container. “This one suits you as well as any of them could. Though no human could ever encompass your beauty.”

Castiel feels himself blush, which makes his stomach flutter uneasily. More and more often he is evidencing human reactions. An angel would never blush at such a statement. It isn’t a compliment, for angels are not vain and have no egos and thus no need of flattery. Yet he blushes and a part of him feels… pleased to be told that he is beautiful. To be told that by Uriel.

Of course, Uriel notices. He raises an eyebrow but says nothing. His fingertips play over the stubble on Castiel’s chin, then rest on his mouth, softly tracing the bottom lip before gently pressing his forefinger against the top one, against the indentation between his nose and his mouth.

“Humans say that before a child is born, an angel tells it all the mysteries of the soul,” Uriel says. He strokes that place above Castiel’s lip so softly that the sensation of touch is almost indiscernible, and yet, it’s all that Castiel can feel. “But then he presses his finger right here. ‘Shhhh’, he says. And so, the secret is safe, but the angel’s touch leaves this mark behind.” Castiel blinks at the strange story but doesn’t move until Uriel's hand drops. His skin is tingling everywhere Uriel has touched him and he doesn’t want it to stop. “Ridiculous fiction. Humans and their need of stories.” Uriel huffs derisively. “As if their puny intellects could comprehend such knowledge. As if He would choose to share it with them.”

Castiel sighs, but quietly. He doesn’t want to argue with Uriel. And technically, Uriel is right. God would not share such knowledge with humans. Doing so would only be asking for trouble.

“Our orders…” Castiel hesitates, because he knows this is a touchy subject. Taking orders from a human does not come naturally to any angel of the Presence, let alone to this particular one.

Uriel grimaces. “Orders are orders.” His eyes slide sideways to Castiel. “I don’t like them.”

“You don’t have to.”

“No.”

“You should let me take the lead with Dean,” Castiel says.

“Should I?” Castiel can hear an edge of amusement in Uriel’s tone. Better amusement than anger, Castiel supposes. “You are on a first name basis?”

“He calls me Cas.” Uriel’s bark of laughter isn’t unexpected, but it sounds strange, coming in the vessel’s voice. “We have a relationship,” Castiel explains. “He is starting to trust me.”

Uriel snorts. “Your mud-monkey lacks respect.”

Castiel says nothing. He cannot dispute it, but there is a reason that he was chosen to interact with Dean, and not a being like Uriel. Dean would have been turned to dust many times over by now if he’d been dealing with Uriel.

“We should get to work,” Castiel says. “They will return soon. We should be there.”

“And I am to follow your lead.” Uriel’s voice is uninflected. He has decided to acquiesce then, and Castiel is filled with relief.

He nods. “In this, yes. Until we learn what our final orders are to be.”

Uriel sighs and gets to his feet, balancing easily on the steep slope