. How kind of you to stop by at our little partija. Why do you not greet our guest of honour?''

"Otpusti yego!'' There was a threat in the words, whatever they meant, but again Merlin's captor only laughed.

''Why would I do that? I have purpose for Mr. Emrys.''

''What purpose could that be?'' Arthur, uh... Alexei switched to English, making an impatient hand gesture. Weirdly enough he still had a very distinct accent. ''He's just a stupid, little university student, Mikhail. What could you possibly want from him?''

These words, coming out of Arthur's mouth, stung painfully in Merlin's heart and he lowered his head, blinking rapidly. He suddenly felt nauseous. Somehow it had taken this, seeing Arthur and hearing his cold dismissal, for Merlin to be able to believe what his captor had told him (''I've never claimed to be an overly nice guy, Merlin. If you expect me to go and start hugging trees, you'll be sorely disappointed.'').

''He is of no importance to me, Alexei,'' the other man, Mikhail, sneered from behind Merlin now. ''I could not care less about an insect like him. But you do, njet? You care for him, storming in here to his rescue.''

Arthur had not lowered his weapon yet, and his voice was strangely calm for a man threatening someone with a gun. ''I got your message – that you wanted to see me – that's why I'm here. Merlin is just the friend of a friend. I did them a favour by taking him in. So I can't say I particularly care, but I'm curious why you would go to such lengths as to kidnap him.''

''Is that so... Well, as we speak, the traitor Olaf is being eliminated.'' The words were said casually, as if they were of no great importance, but they had to be because Arthur sucked in a shocked breath. ''You are first in line to take his place, Alexei. The boss likes you. But we need you to do something for us. We need you to prove where your loyalties lie.''

Arthur raised his chin. ''I've always been loyal.''

''You are mal’čik, Alexei. A boy. Still new to our old ways. There is only one thing that really proves that you belong to us.''

''And what would that be, Mikhail?'' Arthur asked, almost softly.

''You have to give up something that you love.'' The voice almost held a hint of pity now. But then Mikhail stepped up next to Merlin, grabbing his shoulder, fingers digging painfully into Merlin's flesh. ''Kill him!'' he ordered coldly.

''What?''

It was Arthur who choked out the question, but it was Merlin's insides that froze over with shocked disbelief and fear.

''Kill him, Alexei. And prove to us that you are made out of the steel that is needed to rule over a territory.''

Merlin had stopped breathing, desperate and dizzy with panic now. Really, where was Daniel Craig when you needed him?

''That's absurd,'' Arthur spat. ''What has he got to do with anything?''

''I thought you did not care?''

''He lives with me, Mikhail,'' Arthur said, sounding awfully reasonable considering he was discussing Merlin's potential murder. ''Don't you think it will look suspicious when he ends up dead? That the police might come and ask questions? I can't say I'd care for the hassle and inconvenience at least.''

Mikhail scoffed. ''You know we will take care of that. Do not make excuses, Alexei! Kill him now, or I will have to kill you both. And, as you know, I do not make death easy, da?''

For a long moment Arthur just stood there. The hand holding his gun was trembling a little now. He took a deep breath and let it out with a sigh, hanging his head.

''Then I guess you leave me no choice.''

Looking up again, he made a step forward, into the light. His blue eyes pierced Merlin, but they were not the cold, lifeless eyes of a killer. Arthur looked like he was being gutted when he directed his gun at Merlin

Merlin had never known what it meant to stare down the barrel of a gun. It took all your focus, made your perception narrow down to a single small, black hole.

''I'm sorry,'' Arthur whispered and fired.




People often said that, in the face of death, everything went still and they saw their life flash before their eyes. All Merlin could see was Arthur's face – because he was Arthur not Alexei, Merlin's obnoxious flat mate and friend and someone he had thought he could maybe love a little. Even with the fear and shock and the sheer utter disbelief keeping Merlin frozen in place, it was the cold blade of hurt and disappointment that skewered him, the realisation