and watched as the mad-woman approached with a huge grin on her face, sitting down near Levi. She was holding back a squeak of happiness, probably for the best. Zirus looked like she could flip the entire table at the point. Histora, surprisingly, slumped very low in her chair at the tension that lingered between the guests around her. The tension rolled off Zirus in aggravated waves, so strongly you could almost see them rolling off her. 

"Well, since you're all so quiet why don't I share my findings!?"  

"She's mad... She has a death wish..." Ymir mumbled while looking at Zirus. 

"Hanji, could you tell us another-" 

"I'm sorry, your Majesty, but these findings must be shared!" Zirus clenched her jaw and let out a quiet growl. "To start! The cells in a First Kingdom citizen are much larger than ours, they heal much faster too! They can handle more pressure, far more! Their muscle is made of a different type of tissue that we don’t have!" 

"You're speaking like they're aliens..." Ymir deadpanned while lent back in her chair. She wasn't even a descendant of them but it still offended her the way Hanji spoke about them. Hanji narrowed her eyes and stood up. 

"You should pay more attention when it comes to science!" 

"Enough!" Everyone at the table jumped, Hnaji fell back into the seat at a very unexpected yell. Historia took a deep breath, her cheeks flushed with anger. "No one was invited her for the sake of a fight." The tiny blonde looked to everyone to see them all quiet, as well as the soldiers. She sighed and calmed herself down. "We're going to have a calm meal where we just relax, okay?" She looked around before looking to musicians who were stood waiting for their que. She nodded to them and they began to play some music. It gave the place a more homely feel with some fun dance music as well as calmer tunes. 

"Can I say one more thing...?" Everyone's head snapped to look at Hanji, even the chefs who had just recently sat down and divided into eating a potato. Historia sighed and looked at King Jibral. He nodded slightly, leaving Historia to do the same to Hanji. "Years ago the previous king managed to get a sample from the Forbidden Lands.... I looked at a few cells from your friend there... When I looked at them under the microscope they looked similar to those cells gathered..." She lifted her glasses onto her forehead. "I'm curious about if you knew why?" 

"I do." Hanjis eyes it up at the answer she got from the King. "It's complicated. Those creatures are thousands, maybe even millions of years old. It's said that people like me and Zirus are descendants of the Gods themselves. " 

"They're called Titans here..." Levi spoke while sipping at tea. 

"Either way, as you may know the first human was a mix between Leviathane and Mabuka. That first humans presence, as well as the two parent Gods, or Titans created Medusa. It is theorized that after the 1000th human was born they went to Medusa and prayed." 

"Leviathane came to them, right?" Ymir spoke up, she knew the stories, or bits of them anyway. They had statues of the Gods, magnificent statues. Beautiful creatures of power and creation. However, one was theorized to be corrupt and so the lands became Forbidden to normal folk. 

"He did, Ymir. With his presence Valkyrie was born. She is said to be the mother of humankind as we know it, and she inspired the smiths to create their weapons and armour." A question quickly crept into Ymirs mind. Other than the corrupt beast that lay there, why was it Forbidden? She was sure it would be avoided. She slowly began to blush but quickly let out a sigh of relief when Historia spoke. She should have known why, since she lived in the most educated Kingdom when it came to the creatures.  

"But why are these lands Forbidden?" Jibral looked to her and sat back as he answered. 

"One of the beasts was harmed in a fight, rage filled it and now it is willing to kill anything it sees. There have been many occasions where it has fought with Medusa. It's lost each time but she now grows old. Another reason is that the ground there is sacred. Anything man made is not permitted to step there, as you would contaminate the purity of that place." 

"You talk like you've been there..." Historias eyes were gleaming with curiosity. He hummed and grinned. 

"I may have been there. Why do you ask?" 

"Well, is it allowed? To go there as long as you follow the rules? In the stories Papa used to tell me, apart from the corrupt, the creatures were docile and some even friendly and curious." Jibral chuckled slightly. 

"Is that a request for us to take you there