What would Konohamoru do? 

 

  Perhaps Konohamoru would go mad and began to despise everyone around him. He's been locked up in his room for three days by now. The boy has been hoping for the blond to come see him but he gave up. He stopped believing, for he blames Madara and he was truly right. But it is his fault, if Madara would stop being such a bitch then maybe we wouldn't be having this problem. 

 

  Naruto still hasn't came to see any of them yet, and Konohamoru still hasn't gotten his birthday present from the blond either. It's been two weeks sense the young boys birthday, but none of them has heard of Naruto yet. Not even a word of his name, and everyone would just waltz around like everything was perfect. Thinking like everything was ok. But it wasn't, everything was fucked up. 

 

  Naruto is going through all this bullshit for them just so they could stay united in peace. It was Minatos doing, for all he wanted was peace among them two. But when he died, Naruto just stayed with Madara. Doing what was told of him and what was being bossed around of him. Madara telling what he could and couldn't do. Hinata didn't understand it, for what is Naruto doing wrong. Sure the blond could be all smart and sassy sometimes but he is a good, caring man. It just didn't make sense. Wh-

 

  "Hinata." Ino said as she placed a hand on the woman's shoulder, "This is perfect. Is it not?" Hinata gave her a confusing look.

 

  "Perfect? What the hell is perfect right now, Ino? Naruto hasn't came back, who knows what the hell is going on. How can this be perfect you know he's just being used and fucked for Madara god damn-" Ino pressed a finger to her lips.

 

  "It's Sasuke. You know he's an assassin, probably the best one out there. Now I'm not saying he should kill Madara - well he should but Naruto would forbid it - but atleast we can be able to see how Naruto is doing!" Ino gabbled out. Hinata looked at her friend like she was crazy. 

 

  "Are you.. insane? You know how many guards are around that damn castle. If Sasuke even tried to step foot on the grass he would be killed instantly." Hinata stated, standing up from her chair. 

 

  "Hinata. Are you kidding me right now. It's Sasuke. Sasuke Uchia.. there is no way that he would get caught. He's to skilled at it." Ino encouraged. She flipped her bangs out of her eyes and leaned back a little, giving a long look at her smaller friend. 

 

  "He will get killed!" Hinata yelled out. Ino stepped back, glancing at her friend in shock.

 

  "Hinata. If he does this.... atleast we could somehow have a way to communicate with Naruto. Stop looking at the negative things and looked towards the positive things... don't you want to see Naruto?" Ino said as she tilted her head. Hinata shook her head slowly and Ino smiled. 

 

  "We all miss Naruto. How goofy he always way and how we always made fun of how small he was." Ino said and Hinata let out a laugh. 

 

  "Yeah.. I miss him.. I miss him a lot.." Hinata said as a tear fell down her face. 

 

  "It's been.. what? About seven months sense we last saw him... cause it was your birthday when he was finally allowed to visit you." Ino stated, letting out a soft sigh as she remembered the joyful memory of Hinatas birthday. 

 

  It was a great time for everyone that day. Ino remembered it like it was yesterday. It was a huge surprise seeing Naruto come over, along with a huge amount of food. And when he brought along Kakashi and Iruka, along with Jiraiya and Tsunade it was literally the best thing they could all want. They were all gathered up just how they use to be when they were younger. She could also remember the huge smile that was on Konahomarus face. Ino never thought he could be so happy in his life. 

 

  But Hinata was beyond surprised when Naruto had given her a beautiful dress. She had told Naruto that she shouldn't receive such a beautiful thing but in the end Hinata ended up taking it. But she has never worn it because she worried of getting it dirty. 

 

  "Oh.. let's not forget when he dropped the cake on Gaara." Hinata laughed out. Ino giggled with her as she thought of the small memory, replaying it through her head.

 

  "Gaara was so angry too. Didn't he say he was gonna shove his foot up Narutos ass afterwards?" The blond laughed out. Hinata shook her head up and down as she slapped Ino on her leg, giggling. 

 

  "Oh, that was so funny." Hinata noted out. 

 

  "Yeah... Wouldn't it be nice to atleast know how Naruto is doing.. even