“I know what you can do.” Elizabeth grinned and leaned over to Alois whispering the answer. Alois reaction had Ciel thinking that whatever it was, was a bad idea.

 

A bad idea he agreed with for a change because he really wanted to be a bit daring and just continue on dealing with the breakup in the not so healthy way instead of crying his heart out and be under a dark grey cloud.

 

Maybe he should blame the book that he has been reading a bit before Ash decided to be an assface and do a really stupid thing. But, Ciel has been slowly trying to change thanks to the author of the book he can’t help but read when he has the chance;   It’s okay, it’s alright by Michaelis. 

 

 

Fun fact: Sebastian, Grell, William and Alois characters are inspired by Junjou Romántica. Meanwhile, Ciel is a mixture of many characters of Junjou and Hatsukoi all in one. This story is just a very cliche romantic comedy with bad smut.

Speaking of Romantica.. You know how Akihiko has this obsession with bears? Well, the same is with Sebastian, but, with cats.

 

“Leaving so soon?” asked the man in a sad voice as he stared at the handsome writer stand up in all his fine glory and calmly pick up his clothes that were scattered all over the room.

 

“Yeah, I have some work to do back at home and if I don’t finish it as soon as possible my editor will start nagging for who knows how long and lord knows he can go on forever.” Sebastian explained which made the male nod, understanding that Michaelis is a busy man but then again he couldn’t help but feel sad for he hoped to spend more time with the man he has come to admire and was lucky enough to meet the day prior.

 

“Will.. will you call me?” he asked and Sebastian noticed how he looked too hopeful expecting a definite yes.

 

“Sure.” He smiled all too sweetly making the male sigh in relief and smile. What he would later come to realize is that he never even gave him his number to begin with nor did the writer give him his.

 

They kissed for the last time before Sebastian began walking away from the male’s home and got on his car. A deep sigh leaving from his mouth from dodging a bullet and getting out before it was too late. Just the look he was giving him warning signs for he has seen that look before.

 

He has witnessed the outcome of staying and having to spend the next couple of weeks pretending to be a ninja and having to move to a new place because a fan of his who he cannot for the love of his cigarettes remember the name but does know was good in bed had found his home and went a bit overboard even to the point that someone proposed to him and screaming to the top of his lungs that he wanted to save his sperm in a container he could stare at as if it were a very precious item.

 

------ ------ ------- ------

 

“You see, this is why I always remind you never to sleep with your fans, gives them a false expectation of your true self but do you listen? No. Hey babe, does Sebby listen to me?” William asked Grell when he spotted him walking over to them.

 

“The chances of him actually doing his job before the deadline..” and not after as always “..are far greater than him listening to you.” said Grell who kissed his boyfriend and sat in one of his office chairs.

 

Because it was lunch time practically everyone in the office had left to either eat downstairs in the cafeteria or had left the building. Meanwhile, William and Sebastian decided to stay behind since they already had their lunch with them and were eating in the big man’s office, big man being William with him being the editor in chief of their floor.

 

All while Sebastian was simply the writer who isn’t even supposed to be in his floor but, because they are best friends and he does bring them a lot of success he thinks he has the right to do as he pleases. And because he’s a stubborn man who will go as far as not write anything for deadlines as a protest of him not liking to be told what to do they decided to comply to his wishes. Not only that but both the female and male staff love having him around and just give him dreamy stares, if only they knew Sebastian Michaelis and not The successful writer, Michaelis who are two drastically different people.

 

Grell on the other hand is Sebastian’s personal editor since he’s the only one the writer doesn’t try to sleep with mainly because his two friends are dating. That, and William would castrate him if he as so much touched him in a inappropriate way. Grell also happens to work in his lovers floor although most of the time he spends it at Sebastian’s home screaming and nagging at him to hurry and write the next successful book on time which would result in the writer just rolling his eyes and pulling out a cigarette out of nowhere making Grell be seconds away from pulling his hair out