and nerve wracking because he knows the other members are going to wake up soon as well and yuto doesn't know how much teasing he can withstand. hyunggu doesn't seem to mind. 

"the other members are gonna wake up any minute now." yuto points out, trying to be impartial. 

"embarrassed?" hyunggu catches on immediately, grinning up at him.

yuto tries to keep a straight face, but hyunggu moves almost automatically, and he's pretty sure it's because his eyes betrayed just how anxious he's feeling. 

"i'm sorry. i know you're big on this kind of stuff." yuto can't help but feel guilty, wishing that affection could come as easily to him as it does to hyunggu.

hyunggu rolls his eyes in response, telling him how stupid he is for apologizing, and that it's okay for him to feel the way he does.

yuto can't remember the last time he felt so loved, so accepted. he wishes he could make hyunggu feel the same way. it's another thing for him to add to his ever-growing list of reasons why he doesn't deserve hyunggu.

"we can watch in my room, if that would make you more comfortable." hyunggu adds, giving him a warm smile. hyunggu grabs his hand the second yuto nods, simultaneously turning off the t.v. and tugging him back to his bed. (yuto tries to ignore hwitaek laughing)

they reach hyunggu's room when yuto remembers wooseok, and wonders if he's awake yet. he hears a door opening, and quickly tells hyunggu he'll be right back, going to check on wooseok. he finds him standing in jinho’s doorway. yuto smiles at him, asking if they could talk for a second. wooseok nods, softly smiling back.

“i just wanted to see if you were okay. you seemed kinda off this morning.” yuto starts awkwardly, hoping wooseok understands that this is his way of looking after him.

“ah, i’m fine. don’t worry about me.” wooseok smiles as if to prove his point, tilting his head knowingly. yuto smiles automatically, reaching out to ruffle wooseok’s hair endearingly, a gesture yuto knows wooseok enjoys, especially being the youngest member.

“make sure you eat something! there’s leftovers if you want them.” yuto calls out as he walks back down the hall slowly, so that he can still hear wooseok’s response. he smiles when he hears it. 

“hyunggu?” yuto mumbles, opening the door to his room carefully. he finds hyunggu already curled up on his tiny bed, pillows scattered and laptop balanced precariously on his knees, with a spot for yuto. he manages to squeeze back next to hyunggu, who turns to look at him. 

“wooseok?” he asks, and yuto feels a pang of guilt.

“i went to check on him.” he explains, and hyunggu lets out a little ‘ah’ before smiling at him.

he waits to make sure yuto is comfortable, who has to move every two seconds to adjust his position since hyunggu’s bed isn’t made for two people, or just tall people in general.

once they’re comfortable, hyunggu transfers the laptop to yuto’s knees, (he thinks this is a little dangerous, but goes along with it anyways) automatically resting his head in the crook of yuto’s neck, one of his hands resting on yuto’s chest. yuto can barely pay attention to the scenes flashing in front of him.


hyunggu, hyunggu, hyunggu.


it’s a good thing hyunggu can’t read his mind.

it’s dangerous, yuto thinks, having his thoughts revolve around one person. dangerous to have tunnel vision (all he sees is hyunggu) and be so attached.

when hyunggu gets bored, they end up laying side by side, the show long forgotten and hyunggu curled up in a ball, facing yuto. at this point, yuto thinks his heart is going to give out.

yuto loves listening to hyunggu talk. there’s just something about the way his eyes light up, something about the way he talks faster the more excited he gets, stumbling over his words but not letting that stop him.

yuto thinks there’s something beautiful about the way hyunggu doesn’t hold himself back. 

hyunggu props himself up on his elbows, smiling at yuto, who’s still thinking about how beautiful the person in front of him is.

yuto, who’s laying on his side, props himself up using the arm already on the bed to hold his head.

yuto can’t stop staring. 

they’re so close, almost like they’re in their own little world. one of them moves closer, and yuto can’t tell which one of them it is, but he’s not complaining. 

yuto wants to kiss him. 

“hyunggu.” yuto breathes out.

“yes?”

“is it okay if i kiss you?” yuto thinks he might die of embarrassment if this