to hate him because his child wouldn’t be quiet. Keith had been staring daggers into the boy's back but it didn't seem to be doing him any good. The baby opened her eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks. He didn't mean to, but Keith's death glare accidentally transferred to the child. He had been known to make small children cry before with his terrifying face, so he suspected three seconds max until the little brat started screaming even louder. 

 

That didn't happen.

 

The little shit giggled.

 

Straight up laughing at Keith. He must have looked surprised and/or confused, because Allie started laughing and babbling baby language to him.

 

Keith had no idea what to do.

He didn't have to do anything, though, because Allie's guardian got up and settled into the empty seat beside him. Keith just stared at him, not knowing how to react. He was even more dumbstruck when the pretty stranger looked at him and held the baby out to him, a smile dancing on the corners of his lips.

"Please."

Allie started making grabby hands at Keith.

Not in control of his movements, Keith felt himself taking the child into his arms. She cooed and blew bubbles, shoving her thumb in her mouth.

"Um..."

The pretty stranger heaved a huge sigh, his shoulders slumping as leaned back into his seat. He turned his head to the side and grinned at Keith. His brown hair was static against the airplane seat. He ran a hand through it in an attempt to subdue it, and Keith could feel a blush creeping up his neck.

"Thank you, so much. I don’t know how you did it, Allie had been fussing before we even got on the plane. Literally, since we got the announcement for the fourth delay. I honestly thought she was gonna scream the entire flight. I was entirely ready to shove the complementary blanket in her mouth."

"It wasn't... that bad..." Keith said weakly.

The pretty stranger laughed. "Come on, dude. I caught you glaring at my back. It's cool, though. Tiny children can be... difficult."

"Is she yours?"

"God, no. Aleja's my niece. Her mom's up in first class- she got a fancy ticket because she's pregnant and not feeling great. The air hostess saw how messed she was as we were boarding the flight and started doting on her immediately. Being the stupidly selfless person I am, I offered to take Allie. I had no idea this monkey would just..." He kept talking, but Keith was focused on the tiny hand that had latched onto his earlobe.

"Uh..."

The pretty stranger looked up and noticed Keith's confusion at the baby who was sucking her thumb and was holding onto his ear with the other hand. He laughed, the sound ringing through the air. "Don't mind Allie, she does that with everyone. On the flight here, she was in her mom's lap holding on, and she managed to nudge her earring right off- we had no idea when or how it even happened but my sister was freaking out about her diamond earring, and I was just sitting next to her laughing my ass off. We didn’t even manage to find it in the end, so now Bella’s got half a set of designer studs, which she was less than thrilled about."

Keith snorted, catching the pretty stranger's eye.

"The name's Lance, by the way."

"Keith."

Lance studied his face.

"Better be careful, Keith, after the ear she goes for the hair. And with that mullet of yours, there's no way you're avoiding that." He folded his arms behind his head, smirking.

Keith glared at Lance, but he only laughed again. Keith was seriously starting to doubt his intimidating stare skills. When did people stop being intimidated by him?

Allie's gentle, steady breathing snapped him back to reality. He looked down and saw a sleeping child in his arms. Keith felt a smile break out onto his face, and was hit by an urge of protection. “Never thought I would go from wanting to gag a child to wanting to adopt it within the span of five minutes,” he murmured.

“We’ve all been there dude,” Lance said, snickering at the look on Keith’s face as he realised he said that out loud.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean-“

“It's cool, I get it. Allie’s family, I for one have definitely felt the urge to deposit her in the nearest skip at points in my life,”

Keith laughed, drowned out by the announcement that the flight would be taking off shortly.

“Finally,” Lance breathed out. “I should probably go back to my seat- here, let me just…”

He attempted to take Allie from Keith, but she was fast asleep and had an iron grip on Keith’s ear