, it was then when the tears escaped his eyes. He couldn’t hold them back anymore.

“I made a 3-D model. I have it back in my laptop at your apartment, we could have a look after dinner,” Baekhyun shot Chanyeol a smile, “Happy Birthday, Yeol.”

Chanyeol returned the blueprints back in its container and bent across the table, hugging Baekhyun, “I love you, Baek…” he muttered brokenly.

~…~

They spent the night together reviewing Baekhyun’s 3-D model of their house. Chanyeol listened painfully as Baekhyun started planning their future together. He was being crushed with every word Baekhyun released. But still, he wore a calm façade appropriate for the atmosphere.

The whole day, Baekhyun played blindly on what he was seeing. He didn’t want to suspect anything going on with Chanyeol in fear that he might ruin Chanyeol’s special day.

When they slept together after so long, Baekhyun missed the feel of Chanyeol’s hand intertwined with his.

As Chanyeol slept heavily, Baekhyun watched his sleeping face and took his hand to pair up with his. He noticed they were cold.

Taking it to his mouth, he blew warm air before standing up and checking Chanyeol’s feet. To his surprise, they were cold as well. Worried that Chanyeol might be catching a fever, Baekhyun scoured the entire room to find some warm blankets.

He checked behind the thin curtains to make sure that the windows were sealed shut and turned off the air conditioner.

When he couldn’t find any blankets, his attention was caught to a white door which he mistook for a closet and when he opened it, he was taken to Chanyeol’s bathroom.

He caught a glimpse of a container just behind the loosen cover of the mirror. Opening the small cabinet, Baekhyun saw containers with labels, “7:00 AM, 12:00PM, 7:00PM.”

He wasn’t sure why Chanyeol had those pills labeled with time and he didn’t see Chanyeol intake anything last seven PM.

Biting his fist, Baekhyun stepped back until he met the wall as he started putting together the suspicions he disregarded earlier.

~…~

Chanyeol woke up alone the next morning. When he remembered that he has to continue work, he stood up weakly but hastily into the bathroom.

The moment he opened the door, Baekhyun was sitting on the bathroom floor. Chanyeol was surprised and he ran to Baekhyun’s aid, “Baek, are you alright?”

Slowly, Baekhyun turned his head to Chanyeol as if he just arrived, “I’m fine, Yeol… but you’re not,” he whispered, “There’s something wrong with you, Yeol…”

Chanyeol’s heart skipped a beat after realizing Baekhyun had found out about his secret. He opened his mouth to protest but closed it back when he couldn’t say anything. He dropped his focus on the floor and sighed.

Baekhyun touched Chanyeol’s face with his hand, “What are you keeping from me, Yeol? And what do those medicines mean, what are they?”

Chanyeol held Baekhyun’s wrist with his cold hand but didn’t say anything.

“Answer me, Yeol. What are those medicines for?” Baekhyun raised his voice.

“They’re for so I could keep on working,” Chanyeol said without pausing, “I’m failing, Baek and I didn’t bother to be treated because it would be just a waste of money.”

Baekhyun repeated, “Just a waste of money?” he couldn’t believe the words that came out of Chanyeol’s mouth, “Is this about the house? You’re risking your own health because of the house?”

“It’s not that, Baek–”

“Then what, Yeol?” Baekhyun interjected, “You’ve been dead-set on wanting to finish our house that you had to break your promise. That was okay, Yeol. I could accept that but this,” Baekhyun gestured, “This – I cannot accept. Your life is on the line and yet you still think about the house?”

“Baek–”

“No, Yeol,” Baekhyun didn’t let Chanyeol finish, “We could work a thousand years for our house and I don’t mind. I don’t care as long as I’m with you, I’m happy. It doesn’t matter how long it takes. But I can’t believe that you put the house first before your health!”

“There’s nothing more they can do, Baek!” Chanyeol yelled, silencing the hysterical man, “I’m already done… the moment I was diagnosed, the doctor said it could be treated but won’t get any better because I was too late. With that being given, do you think I should still go with the treatment?”

“Yes!” Baekhyun interjected in a yell, “Anything to prolong your life, Yeol because I-I can’t do this,” Baekhyun stammered, “It’s been so hard without you for a year and I can’t imagine what