considered her family and quite precious.



“Um, well I was talking to an attractive girl with orange eyes” Naruto started. He did like orange, and found the girls eyes quite attractive. “And, well I was drunk from a drinking contest that several people somehow got involved, and after I won that I started talking to the orange eyed girl, and then some, uh, stuff happened, and then I fought some shinobi, and then other stuff happened, and then I ended up at the gates to the village, and well you know the rest.”



Shizune sighed “Come on Naruto. Get up, we’re going to see someone in one of the prison cells.”



Naruto was a bit confused. He had to admit that he was a bit confused. After a few minutes they arrived at the ANBU holding area for enemy shinobi. Walking inside Shizune pointed Naruto towards a cell.



Naruto’s eyes widened as he saw who was in it. The girl who he remembered talking to at the bar was chained up against the wall.



“
That girl was the one that was attacked. You helped her out and got injured. She brought you here and was quickly brought down by ANBU. They didn’t do too much damage, but still
.” Kurama said to Naruto. Kurama didn’t particularly like to talk a whole lot, but he talked when he needed to.



“Shit, Shizune let her out. She’s with me, I,  gah fuck.” Naruto said, frustrated and running out of words.



Shizune nodded. While she didn’t trust Naruto to remember these types of things after how much he had drank, which from the medical report was a massive amount, she did trust that the Kyūbi had explained everything that he had missed. The only reason she trusted the fox was because Naruto did.



Using the key she had brought, she opened the door to the cell. Naruto rushed in and broke the cuffs that were binding her to the wall. Shizune understood, but still sighed. It would of taken ten seconds for her to unlock the cuffs.



“I’m going to take her back to my place” Naruto said, picking the girl up bridal style. After thanking Shizune for taking him there, he quickly brought the girl back to his apartment, which was a lot easier to find now that he was sober. Naruto set her on his bed, and quickly went to buy something to eat.



After a few minutes, he returned to his apartment to find the girl had awoken. She didn’t want to run, as that might cause even more troubles for her, but she didn’t know where she was.



“Please forgive me” Naruto said, dropping to his knees and putting his head to the floor.



“There’s nothing to forgive, you saved me in the first place. It was my mistake to actually walk you into the village” the girl responded.



“Look, I’m assuming that since you are here, you don’t have any other place to stay, or at least no attachments”  Naruto said.



The girl flinched. He could tell that he hit a sore spot. “Look, stay here with me. I’ll get another bed put in here. Think of it as my way of thanking you for getting me here, and an apology for the way you were treated” Naruto explained.



The look in her eyes was the same that he remembered having when he was a kid. The loneliness that came from being shunned by others.



“Look, let me take care of you until you want to leave. I promise I won’t do anything perverted. I may have a weakness for pretty girls, but I’m not like my sensei who is a total perv” he offered. He felt bad for the treatment she got after she helped him. He also saw the loneliness in her eyes, and it made him want to help her.



He had, according to Gaara’s family, helped Gaara. He had fought with Gaara, and connected with him in the fight. He knew something changed in the boy, but he saw that same loneliness in Gaara’s eyes. He hate seeing that in peoples eyes, which was why he was determined to help the girl.



The girl blushed a bit from the compliment as she thought about the offer. “
Everyone finds out about it eventually, but I want to, I want to be his friend, a companion
” she thought.



“Yes, I’ll stay with you... my name’s Fū” she told him. She regretted the decision almost immediately, but knew she wouldn’t change it. She did know, however, that once he found out, it was just going to hurt even more when he left her.



“I’m Naruto. I hope we can become friends” Naruto said with a bright grin.



⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭



It had been a few months since Naruto had invited Fū to stay with him. He was currently untangling himself from her as he got out of bed. They had