his lungs have reached their capacity, Zayn takes the lighter away and Louis inhales the remains of smoke in the bong.

He tries to suppress his cough, but it’s extremely hard.

Zayn laughs, “It’s alright, I coughed a shit load the first time, too."

Louis wipes his mouth and shakes his head a little, and he thinks he can go another one. “I’ll do it better this time, I promise."

"Are you sure? You don’t want to like wait or have some-"

"I’m sure. Light it up."

Zayn doesn’t say anything; instead he fills up the slide and waits for a nod from Louis to say he’s ready. Louis’ already got his lips over the rim, and Zayn places his hand over the carb and lights another one.

This time, Louis inhales slowly. He takes a whopping hit, breathing in all the weed that was in there, and sucking up all the smoke from the down chamber.

"Shit." Zayn breathes, his eyes wide.

Louis waits for a cough to come up, but the amount of times he swallowed he thinks he let it stay down.

"You’re getting the hang of this."

"Give me another one." Louis prompts, and Zayn looks at him unsure. “I need to catch up to you, don’t I?"

And Zayn can do nothing but shrug at that, because he’s high as a kite. Plus, whatever Louis wants Zayn wants to grant to him. But this time, he quickly rolls a joint instead, and Louis watches his fingers in fascination.

He tears out one of the papers from the booklet and folds it in half lengthwise being sure the side with the glue is up, and then he twists one of the bottom corners of the paper and places the green inside. He tells Louis that he has to make sure to distribute it evenly along the marijuana cigarette to ensure an even burn, and Louis nods as his eyes still watch intently.

Zayn picks everything up and rolls it back and forth until the mix in the rolling paper is evenly dispersed and cylindrical in shape, then lays what Zayn explains is the ‘roach’, down in the centre at one end of the marijuana cigarette.

"If you put the roach in before rolling, it saves hassle and makes it more likely that you’ll get a perfect fit." Zayn explains, and Louis’ eager ears are already pricked up, absorbing every syllable that flows out of his mouth.

He proceeds to tuck and roll up the back half of the marijuana cigarette and begins to seal it closed by licking it as he looks directly into Louis’ eyes. His tongue trailing along the edge of the paper, staring straight into those observing blue eyes that he knows have watched him from the start.

And Louis doesn’t watch him after that step, because he can feel the drugs in his body now, and he feels as light as a feather and for some reason he’s smiling.

Zayn hands him the handmade joint with a laugh, and wraps Louis’ loose and dangly fingers around it. Zayn has to bring Louis’ fingers up to his mouth because right now he doesn’t really know what he’s doing. All his mind is thinking about is how in the hell he has ended up here; in a backyard with the most beautiful person he’s ever seen.

He smiles even more when Zayn’s laughing at him. He doesn’t know why Zayn’s laughing at him, but he knows that he doesn’t have to. All he knows is that he’s there, in front of him, and that’s all that matters.

"Okay, little man. I think that’s enough for now." Zayn’s saying, in the midst of laughter.

And it takes until Zayn’s taking the first drag from his joint between his fingers when Louis realises what has just been said.

"What? No!"

"Hey, hey, hey," Zayn takes a hold of Louis’ hand that was suddenly flailing around, into his own. He links his own fingers with his, which seems to calm him down. “It’s okay; you can have some of mine."

Louis melts into a smile almost immediately, “okay."

"You’ll have to move your mouth close to mine, though. Okay?"

Without changing from his goofy grin, he nods again.

And Zayn takes a hit and it’s a big one. He sucks it into his mouth and tugs on the front of Louis’ shirt straight away. Zayn leans over the mini table and their mouths are almost kissing when Zayn’s lip nudges open Louis’ mouth. The side steam from Zayn’s hit enters directly into Louis’ system and makes him giddy at the thought.

His lips pull into a wide smile again, and Zayn can’t help but press a sealed kiss on top.

-

They’re lying down on top of the already folded out bed on Zayn’s small