you… know each other?” Mika asked after a moment of silence.

“No,” Yuu responded immediately but his father fell down to his knees and so did his stepmother.

“Yuuichirou,” his father called out so pitifully that it made him want to gag, “Please, you must help your sister. She’s… she’s…”

“I thought I was no longer your son,” Yuu spat out. He wanted nothing more than to run out of the room and ignore the pleading couple. Their faces were twisted in concern, something he had not seen in the time he was with them. Never once had they spared a moment to care about his wellbeing.

“Please,” his stepmother spoke up this time, “She has been strangely ill for a while now. But she suddenly collapsed. We… we don’t know what to do.”

Yuu hesitated as he saw the little girl in her arms. Her skin was pale and sticky, her breathing uneven and labored. They were not wrong to be so worried. But seeing his parents, no, the people he used to live with suddenly appear again, was too much for Yuu to handle.

“We’re really sorry, but the doctor is not going to return tonight,” Mika spoke up. “If you’re lucky, he’ll return early in the morning, perhaps after sunrise.”

“We cannot wait!” the man snapped, frightening Mika. He softened his expression and voice before speaking again, “I… I simply don’t know if my little girl can wait for his return.”

Mika glanced over at Yuu, as if he was begging for an answer. Neither of them was qualified to treat her, even if they were being trained by Shinya. They were not officially certified, but they were taught the basics to be of assistance at the shop.

“I… I can try to help,” Mika offered after the lack of response from Yuu.

“Thank you! Thank you so much!” the mother cried. Mika ushered the couple into the side room while Yuu contemplated whether he should join them or not. He reminded himself how Mika looked to him for help and decided to enter the room to support Mika, not because of his parents.

“She feels a bit cold and her heartbeat is rather fast,” Mika mumbled to himself as the couple watched, his father holding his stepmother in comfort.

Yuu could see Mika struggling to recall the things Shinya told them. It’s not that he’s any better but he had a few guesses to what is the issue may be. He walked over and knelt down on one knee next to Mika and asked, “So how is she?”

“Aside from not good?” Mika lightly joked before looking back at her. “Her breathing is labored and heartbeat irregular. Her skin is really pale and her hands are rather cold compared to the rest of her body. Her mother also recalls that she was complaining about a headache earlier today.”

“She’s probably anemic then,” Yuu concluded.

“What does that mean?” his father asked.

“There isn’t much we can do right now,” Yuu replied, not looking at his father but his half-sister. “We could try to give her something right now to help her but neither of us have done it before.”

“In our best judgement, it’s best to leave her as she is until Shinya-san returns in the morning tomorrow.”

~ Warmth of a Home ~

Yuu stared blankly at the wall. The thought of his father and half-sister being downstairs kept playing over and over in his mind, making him restless. They resorted to waiting for Shinya, but his parents wanted to stay so they could meet with him as soon as he came back.

His father convinced his stepmother to go home and get a good night’s rest as there was only one bed in the room, which their daughter was occupying. The room was never designed for people to stay overnight so his father resorted to resting in the chair beside his daughter. Mika locked up the store after they ate dinner. At one point, Mika offered to bring the man some of the stew he made, but he refused as he didn’t have the appetite.

The whole situation was just complicated and still makes his heart ache at the fact that his father cared so much about his half-sister, but never spared an ounce of care for him.

“Yuu-chan?” Mika’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts. “Are you asleep yet?”

“No, why?”

“Well… I’m kind of cold tonight, and well, at the orphanage, we used to huddle close to each other to keep warm, because the blankets were really thin and-”

“Are you asking me if you can do that too?”

“Would that be alright? I mean I don’t want to make you feel like you need to but…”

Yuu turned around to see Mika staring back at him. He gave a weak little smile before Yuu shuffled a little closer. Mika took