he only saw the boy who had grown, who had gone through hell and lived to tell the tale. He saw, and wondered, what did she see?

He chased Toph down the hall. She couldn't have gone very far yet. He had spent a good deal running around when he felt the ground beneath him shake. He ran to the gardens, where the shaking was at its greatest, and saw the young earthbender moving rocks left and right. The ground shook beneath her feet, and with each pound and different stance, the grounds changed form. He guessed his gardener would probably cry at the sight of her work the next morning.

She stopped moving when he made his way towards her.

"Ah, sparky, I've been expecting you." She looked straight into his shoulder, probably expecting it to be his eyes, but he thought better than to comment on that. She seemed to have calmed down, probably having shaken off whatever heavy feeling was bothering her earlier through Earthbending, and he didn't want to change that.

"You have?"

"Yes, well, watching you run around like a mad man across the grounds was definitely interesting. But I figured you could probably use some help." She earthbended a rock over to her side. Zuko winced as she slammed it down, creating a huge crater in the middle of the garden. She sat, and proceeded on picking her toenails. "So, what do you want? Want to make a reenactment of the last time I was here, or the year before that? We have a lot to choose from, really."

He remembered what had happened the years before. Yes, he could definitely remember the screaming palace maids and guards, running for water and safety, and complete and utter chaos. He shrugged. "Nah, maybe not this time. Why don't we talk? We haven't really gotten the chance to all night."

"Yeah, well, if you didn't have all those buttkissers and goldiggers following you all the time, we might have had." Zuko inwardly laughed at how she had chosen to call the politicans and nobility of the kingdom. They'd probably demand for her head if they knew how she had spoken about them to their firelord. "This sucks. I came here for fun. I've been busy with the academy, you know? I came here to relax. When I got Iroh's letter saying I should come visit, I was expecting to spar and make your staff run for their lives. You probably planned all this to make the situation better, firelord mingling with Earth Kingdom ambassadors, a bright future ahead of us! You know, to be honest, I wasn't expecting to be all dressed up for some fancy party, for diplomatic reasons." She rolled the words in her tongue, making it seem as if it left a bad aftertaste in her mouth. It wasn't bad, actually, it was for a good cause, but all she could feel was disgust from how the higher-class treated the conference as some big marrying off party, nobility trying to win other nobility.

"You know that's not true." Zuko said, taking his seat at the ground beside her rock. He decided to face the pond, looking at the turtleducks just coming out of their hiding place. Poor things, they were probably frightened off by the sudden earthquake. He smiled as they formed a line, swimming off.

"Oh, I know it's true. As someone who has been witnessing things from the sidelines, I know very well when someone is genuinely interested to get in your pants, or when they they're trying to do so to get the gold out your pockets."

"No, Toph…" He grit his teeth in embarrassment. He couldn't believe to be hearing such crude words from a girl of eighteen years, but this was Toph he was talking to, he should have expected that. "I didn't mean that…"

"Then, what did you mean…"

"I meant that you're wrong about the letter. Diplomatic reasons or not, you're always welcome here. As we said, you just happened to arrive and we happened to forget that today was the meet. Uncle was missing you a lot, since, well, since you set the courtyard on fire…" He paused. "… which by the way, is still your fault."

"I couldn't have possibly-"

"And I stand by my previous argument."

"Fine." She scoffed. "Is that all you have to say, about the burning courtyard?"

"No, I wasn't finished." He coughed, and then continued. He stared at the turtleducks as he spoke. Toph might have noticed, since although she couldn't see, she was staring at the same direction he was. "And you can't blame Uncle on that letter. I was the one who told him to write it, although he was already planning it in the beginning. He probably wanted to get my permission