awkward strokes before Harry makes a little choked-off noise and his hips stutter up into Nick's hand, and then - oh God - he's coming, spilling warm and wet over Nick's fist.

When Nick sits back, they're both breathing hard. 

"Sorry," Harry says. There's a hectic flush to his cheeks. "Fuck. I didn’t mean to - "

Nick shakes his head. "I - " he starts, then trails off, distracted. Harry's a mess: T-shirt rucked up around his tummy, flies open, the tip of his cock - still mostly hard, Nick notices - poking out from his messy underwear.

Nick's hand's a mess, too. He reaches blindly over his shoulder for the box of tissues he knows is on the coffee table and then there's a heavy clunk.

"Oh shit," Harry says, propping himself up on his elbows. "I didn't finish - "

"Your tea," Nick says. There's a big puddle of it, dripping off the coffee table onto the floor. At least it's missed the rug.

"Sorry," Harry says again, and he looks so ridiculous, lying there like the worst kind of sin and apologising for spilt tea, that Nick can't help but laugh, breaking some of the tension.

"S'alright, s'my fault. I probably should have been looking at what I was doing."

"Have you got, like, a mop or a towel or something?" Harry asks.

Nick does, but he'd have to move to get it, and that's going to be awkward right now. On the other hand, he's managed to go from being determined to keep this platonic to wanking Harry off in the space of about ten minutes, so perhaps a moment to get himself under control is a good idea.

"Yeah, hang on. Back in a tic."

**

Nick spends longer than strictly necessary in front of the airing cupboard, willing his semi to go away and trying to work out what the hell he's doing. He's fairly sure he hadn't meant to have sex with Harry Styles tonight. But then, he hadn't meant to get all feelings-y last night, either, and look how that'd ended up.

The problem, really, is that Nick's never been the best at self-denial. Maybe he could have just about managed it if Harry hadn't split with Caroline; Nick's not that bad a friend. Or if Harry was attractive but awful, instead of attractive and nice, and earnest, and stupidly brave. 

He is, though. All of those things. And for some incomprehensible reason, he seems to want Nick. He's also, as Nick learnt last night, really hard to say no to. What’d Harry said to him, then? That he should stop trying?

Well, self-denial’s clearly not working. Maybe he should give Harry’s advice a go. 

**

When Nick comes back into the living room Harry's shucked his jeans and is standing there in his T-shirt and undies. The room smells like Earl Grey and come, which is an unusual but oddly inoffensive combination.

"So, uh," Harry says, as Nick drops the towel over the word of the spill and starts mopping up with his foot. "Before the tea went everywhere, I was going to ask you if I could, like, blow you."

It's not Nick's fault that he goes from sort of in control to a gibbering mess in about five seconds. Nick would defy anyone alive to hear Harry Styles say blow you and not get turned on. It's just not humanly possible.

Well. If he’s going to do this, he’s going to do it properly. He's clearly already utterly fucked, metaphorically speaking. He might as well make it literally, too. "You could do that," he says, when he's moderately certain he remembers the English language. "Or, I was thinking, maybe - "

Harry's biting his lip. "Yeah?"

Here goes. "Or you could fuck me, if you'd like?"

Harry's eyes go gratifyingly wide. "Really? I mean - fuck, yes. Please. Let's do that. Now?"

Nick lets out his breath. He’s got a living room covered in tea, and Aimee’s going to have a fit in the morning, but bugger it. "Come on, then. If we’re going to do this, let’s do it properly."

Harry follows him to his bedroom in silence. It's an odd echo of the night before, when Harry'd followed him up to Caroline's room, Nick having to remind himself every five seconds not to get carried away. Clearly they're well past worrying about that tonight