tired of introducing myself every time she wakes up. Her daughter Jo comes to visit sometimes, shes a year younger than me but she keeps me company. The man, no, the boy to my left looks to be about my age, he’s in a coma, and the only person I ever see visit him is his brother. He never talks he just sits there beside his bed playing music to him. He sits down, plays music for 2 hours, gets up, then leaves. I don’t know their names but the nurse said that the boy tried to hang himself but when he kicked the chair out the rope broke and he hit his head against a table. God is he beautiful! He looks so peaceful just lying there and I just can’t help but stare. God, I have a girlfriend but he makes me so feel different. We haven't talked but I feel like we've known each other for fifty years. Maybe one day, he’ll wake up and we can talk. I want to ask about his family, and his life, I wonder what color his eyes are. I have dreams about growing old with somebody and I think he might be my answer. Jesus I sound like a girl! Enough with the sappy love-at-first-site romance novel I just want to talk to him! 

That's another thing, if my dad found out I liked boys I wouldn't be a Winchester. Heck, I don't even know If I am anymore! I couldn't see Sammy, not ever. He wouldn't wan't me to hug him or even be in the same room as him, he'd think I'd rub off on him. Like its a choice! Sam already knows and he doesn't care, he understands. Jess understands, I think he told her but I'm not one hundred percent sure. She's the kind of person who just knows. I'm proud of Sam, hes 13, he wants to be a lawyer and hes already smooth with the ladies. Smoother than I ever was but I wouldn't tell him that. We moved around a lot because our dad worked in different places. He's the CEO of Hunter Inc. I don't know exactly what he does but I know they make guns and ammunition and other garbage like that. We barely see him but heck, if it pays the bills! We never did get along anyway. I want Sammy to do what he wants but Dad wants what's "Best" for him, join the family business. Mom used to say our problem was that we were to alike, but I don't have any idea what she was talking about. He treats us like we were his co-workers not his family. Anyway, Its lunch time  so I have to stop righting for now.

Dean finally gets to know a little bit about the dark haired beauty in the bed beside his, but his story is much worse than expected.

"IREEEENNNEE!!" 

Dean continually clicked the help button on his hospital bed until his nurse Irene showed up, "What is it this time sport?" he gave his best puppy dog face "Can I have some water?""Sure Dean-oh.""And the TV-""When are you gonna lay off Winchester? I change the angle of the TV everyday!" she sighed and handed him a foam cup of water "I like you a lot Dean-oh, but I'm not your mother." he squinted his eyes "Yeah, well my moms dead." he took a swig from his cup of water, looking away from her. Irene sighed "Hun, don't take it too serious. Your young and you'll get out of here soon." she adjusted the TV and left the room quietly. Dean shifted the blankets as best he could and than turned on the TV with the small black remote and watched contently until a voice interupted him "Dr. Sexy? Sweet!" he turned to see the boys brother, sitting in a stool looking at his small black flat screen with his long burgandy hair behind his ears."Its a guilty pleasure.""Hey, I'm not judging! Gabe," he stuck his hand out for Dean to shake. "Dean." he stopped and looked at the boy in the bed "Are you family?" Gabe turned and rustled the boys hair "Yeah, Cassie here is my bro." "Can I ask what happened?""Uh Dad, I guess. He used to hit him a lot for being such a screw up, and our brother Mikey."Dean looked down at his TV, a little ashamed for even asking "You know, its hard sometimes, but then I just remembered things about him, little things. They remind me that hes strong and sometimes I think thats what helps me get through, who am I kidding though. Hes not gonna make it." his eyes clouded but he smiled "He likes The Smashing Pumpkins. I used to make fun of him for that,