into his velvet hair, whispering, “I’m so glad you’re mine.”
And that all it takes for Niall. It doesn’t matter that he is a virgin and Zayn is basically the opposite. His voice still cracks sporadically when he awkwardly pats Zayn’s face and mumbles, “I want you to be the first.”
“What was that love?” Zayn is pretty sure his ears heard what they did but he has a sadistic idiosyncrasy and he likes embarrassing Niall and besides, he finds it so adorable the way he can’t look him in the eyes. Niall can sense his favourite roguish smirk of Zayn’s as he waits for an answer.
Niall shoves him and mutters, “Asshole,” and Zayn does the laugh, complete with the crinkly eyes and nose, the laugh Niall would sacrifice a thousand children for just to see. Actually Niall probably wouldn’t sacrifice a thousand. It sounds so satanic. Maybe he’d settle for swatting a few flies. Did flies have souls? He supposed so. Niall’s face burns when Zayn lifts his head up with a finger. Zayn’s expression is incredible. Awed. Like someone staring at a beautiful painting and not knowing what to say. Or maybe Niall is flattering himself.
Zayn knows Niall is too shy to make the first move so Zayn uses his initiative. He leans in slowly; Niall’s eyes are wide and such an innocent, clear baby blue. Niall knows what Zayn is about to do and he doesn’t want to stop him and he can smell Zayn and his eyes widen because Zayn smells fucking amazing. Like cinnamon and musk and Niall finds it so sexy that the aroma of cigarette smoke lingers around Zayn and Niall can taste it as Zayn’s hand tenderly finds the back of Niall’s head and forces him closer so their lips are melding together in passionate display of adulation. Niall swears there are fireworks exploding everywhere and he closes his eyes and lets the kiss envelop his entire being. Zayn’s lips are soft and swollen like a girl’s but his facial hair tickles against Niall’s smooth face. It’s evidently clear that Zayn is the dominant one in the kiss as his teeth graze against Niall’s bottom lip and delicately nip at it. Niall is surprised and slightly embarrassed at the desperate moan that emanates from his core but he can’t help it. Niall hasn’t realised how much he’s been craving this and he’s in absolute bliss as the love of his life expertly manoeuvres his tongue to explore the inside of Niall’s mouth. Zayn slowly swirls his tongue inside Niall’s mouth and registers how he tastes and feels; Niall tastes faintly of honey and something reminiscently sweet and Zayn can’t explain it otherwise but kissing Niall gives him such a warm feeling. It’s like wildfire; it starts from the bottom of Zayn’s toes and rushes to Zayn’s chest and Zayn is reminded of basking in the sunshine because kissing Niall feels so natural and right. Zayn emits a soft sound of pleasure of his own and Niall can feel Zayn’s hardened erection against his own and the friction is unbearable.
Zayn fumbles for Niall’s pants zipper and deftly unzips them, sliding them down and leaving Niall just in his boxers. Niall understands and lifts his arms up for Zayn to take off his white t-shirt. Zayn smiles a little; even before sex, Niall is still an adorable, naïve man-child.
Zayn orders Niall to stand up and Niall obeys, looking down at the ground with a blush colouring his cheeks while Zayn hums appreciatively, drinking in the sight of Niall’s beautifully milky pale skin, unmarked by tattoos. Zayn can’t believe he’s about to take his angel’s virginity and remorse makes him lower his cocky head an increment. Niall is so gullible and new to this and Zayn feels ashamed that he wants to make Niall cry out in both pain and pleasure. Zayn grits his teeth together as he imagines Niall beneath him, sweaty and lovely with pupils blown wide. He’s desperate for some release, desperate to claim Niall as his own and mark his pretty, pale skin. Niall’s light-headed and he sways a little because did Zayn turn on a sex switch? The kid is fucking perfection, with his proud back straight and his gaze fierce and majestic. Niall can’t help thinking how much Zayn looks like some exotic, lovely foreign prince straight out of a fairy-tale.
Zayn’s cock is throbbing and in need of attention and he knows Niall feels the same by the way he’s fidgeting and adjusting his boxers, which do nothing to hide his erection outlined by the material.
And nothing could be easier for the two of them. Zayn is already unclothed. It’s up to Niall to make his decision. Zayn doesn’t want to force Niall to do this. He can either take it or leave it.
Niall finally manages to look Zayn in the eyes and there’s so much affection and happiness reflected in his eyes