burning a hole into her shoulder blade.

It was a short second of pain though, before the brander dropped to the floor in a clang, and he pressed heavily against her, almost knocking her over as his body slumped to the floor. She surged forward in surprise, horror and relief mixing into a feeling of sickness in her gut. Jessica, with money sticking out from her bra and spurts of cum in her hair, motioned for her to run, dropping the club that she held in her hand as three buff men surrounded her to take her away.

She gave her a grateful look before she ran, flinging the door open and running like her life depended on it. In a way, it did.

 

 

5:03 am. She sat down on the dingy guest bed, finally home from the disastrous day. How the time had passed so fast, was beyond her. Her brother was still awake, idly watching videos with the exchange student that had just arrived that day. He would be staying with her family for a few months while he took classes at a nearby school. She and him had talked before meeting, and were already pretty good friends. So when she walked in, nude from the waist down with a tear-stained face, he was immediately at her side.

“What happened?” he asked in his thick accent. She shook her head - she didn’t want to talk about it. He acknowledged that, wrapping slim arms around her shoulders, holding her close. She shrank down and away from the contact, wincing at the pain that shot through her shoulder from being touched there.

He gently peeled away the clothing that covered her shoulders, gasping when he saw the small mark that was left on her right shoulder blade. He gave it a gentle kiss, gauging her response before trailing small kisses up the side of her neck and settling his arms around her waist instead. “It’ll be okay,” he whispered reassuringly, still clueless as to what had happened, but to her relief, he didn’t ask.

“Well, I’m still not used to things here… It would make me feel better if you could sleep with me tonight.” She smiled softly, knowing he was giving her an excuse to seek the comfort she needed.

“Well, you know I can’t say no to a friend in need,” she replied, feeling better already. Ready to crawl in bed, she told her brother to go to bed.

“Why?”

“For one, it’s already 5 in the morning. And this isn’t your room!”

He pouted. “No, I want to watch one more video.” She was inexplicably filled with rage. She just wanted him to go so she could have some private time with the exchange student and the day had worn her patience extremely thin.

“GET OUT. GO TO SLEEP.” Noises arose from the other side of the house. Lights flickered on moments later.

“Kevin! What are you doing still up? Get to bed!” her dad hollered. She looked at Kevin with a victorious smirk.

“Okay okay,” he said before shuffling out of the room.

“Tell your sister to go to bed too!” her dad boomed again. Kevin’s head popped in to stick a tongue out at her before slipping away.

“I guess I should go..” she murmured, but the man that was still wrapped around her did not let go.

“Stay a little longer. At least until I know you’re actually okay,” he told her honestly. She gave him a genuine smile.

“I’ll be fine, feeling better already.” She meant it too, the gentle way he treated her wrapped her in a bubble of safety, righting all the wrongs she felt throughout the day. She gave him a thankful and reassuring peck on the cheek before getting up to leave. This time he let her go.

“Goodnight.”

“Night.”

 

 

She hadn’t expected to see her brother when she opened the door to her bedroom that she shared with her grandmother. The rage swelled within her again, readying to yell at him to get out again. But when he looked up at her, she softened. He had been crying, tears silently rolling down his cheeks.

“She says she’s tired of everything, she’s done,” he choked out, pointing in their grandma’s direction. Her grandmother laid in bed, breathing heaving a little as she looked bitterly empty and disappointed. She looked away from her wordlessly, refusing to speak with anyone except Kevin - who, according to her grandmother, was the only one that still remotely cared about her. The sleeping pills laid on the bedside table, waiting to be consumed. “She knows she’s not going to make it this time, she doesn’t want to suffer anymore...” She thought back to how her grandmother had been complaining recently about feeling like shit again, as she did back before the surgery mere months ago.

She collapsed at the edge of the bed, crying and blubbering about second chances and not