couldn't for the life of him figure out why things had gone so wrong.  



He knew that talking was a mask that Tony used, a way of hiding what he was feeling and not making himself too vulnerable by weaving what he was really thinking amongst a slew of ramblings.  



Still, he thought the two of them were close enough to joke about their weaknesses and insecurities.  He didn't think Tony would mind; this was the man who called him "big guy," poked him, and was constantly teasing him about his "rage monster."  

He knew for Tony to react the way he did there must be more to it.  That made him feel incredibly guilty, because the last thing he wanted was to hurt Tony.

See, Banner, this is why you don't flirt.  It always turns into a distaster, he scolded himself.

He hoped whatever damage he had done could be repaired.  Despite his reluctance to go on a date with the other man, he had been pining for the engineer since shortly after they met.  He had only refused to date him because he valued their friendship, and he had been sure he would find a way to ruin it if they ever became more than friends, no matter how much he liked, (or possibly even loved), the other man.


And now you have screwed it up.  It was only a matter of time, Banner.


Sleep eluded him.  He kept seeing the hurt on Tony's face when he said the offending words every time he closed his eyes. 



 He tossed and turned and made up his mind that he needed to talk to Tony after the "board meeting."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Sir," JARVIS woke Tony from his stupor.

"Yes?" he half-moaned from his spot at the bar.  



He had stopped drinking at around two in the morning when he was no longer reliably able to pour the scotch from the decanter to the tumbler.  He had opted to stay at the bar, too bleary and uncoordinated to go anywhere else.  A decision he was regretting not only for the hangover, but the aches in his back and neck from having passed out against the hard countertop.

"Dr. Banner asked when you're going to be done with your board meeting.  What would you like me to tell him?" the AI informed.

"Did he say why he wanted to know?" Tony asked as he mentally cursed at himself for his lie the previous evening.

"No sir.  Only that he wanted to know when you would be expected back from your board meeting.  



I told him that their endings are always open because the board members tend to draw things out.   I also said that I would text you, and get back to him when I knew," the AI explained.

"Good thinking, J," Tony approved.  



Now he had to decide how he was going to respond.  Honestly, he wasn't ready to face Bruce yet, but he hoped it was good that he wanted to see him.  At least the doctor wasn't avoiding him.  



Then again, maybe Bruce wanted to see him to say good-bye.  Maybe it had gotten so awkward the night before that he was leaving.  

No matter what situation he came up with it, it seemed that his only recourse was to talk to Bruce unless he wanted to shut the other man out entirely, and he was far from ready to except the likely consequences of that course of action.

He looked at the clock.  Nine in the morning. 

"J, tell Bruce that I don't know when the meeting is going to be done, but I'm sure that it'll be finished before lunch.  



Tell him I'll bring sandwiches from that sub place he likes to the lab at noon," Tony instructed.  



Well, he had three hours.  That should be plenty of time to make himself presentable, but he had no idea if that would be enough time to decide what he wanted to do or say when he met Bruce.  



Then again, he didn't know if it was possible to have enough time to get ready for that.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bruce's mind raced with ideas of what he could say when Tony showed up.  The other man clearly needed time to think as well, or he would have ended his fictitious board meeting earlier.  Still, at least he was coming.

After a very unproductive morning in which Bruce broke two test tube due to distraction as his mind wandered, the door to the lab opened.  



Tony held up the bag that contained the sandwiches in greeting, and then sauntered over to the table next to where Bruce was working.

 "I got you your usual.  Veggie sub with olive oil, salt and pepper," Tony said as he passed the scientist the sandwich.

"Thanks," Bruce responded simply. 



He took the sandwich and unwrapped it as he watched Tony for clues as to how to proceed.  



The other man merely took out his sandwich and began to eat, so Bruce followed suit.  They ate in uncomfortable silence for several minutes before Bruce felt he needed to get to the heart of the matter.

"Look