’s probably only four feet tall.” Louis’ jaw drops and Niall throws his head back laughing. “All right, he’s five feet tall!”

“Ha ha ha, very funny,” Louis glares at him. “So what’s all the deal with this tall guy? Does he meet up with you night after night in a tiny cafe drinking strawberry lemonade until he has to go home?”

“Well,” Niall sings, “not only that, but he always smells great and he’s got this killer smile I can't stop thinking about. And when we meet up, I feel like a completely different person with him. I’m never sad when he’s around.” Louis looks at Niall in wonderment, and discreetly brushes his leg against Niall’s under the table. “I’d really like to invite him to one of my rehearsals before he goes back to work, but I don’t know if it’s a good idea.”

“Why wouldn’t it be? Are you worried he’ll say no?”

“Nah, I’m worried he’ll find it boring,” Niall shrugs. “It’s just an idea, I’m not really expecting him to—”

“He’d be an idiot to refuse you,” Louis cuts in, watching as Niall looks up at him with a smile. “Besides, you could probably give him a tour of the place, maybe show him all the secret entrances no one else knows about.”

“I can show him more than just entrances if he asked,” Niall whispers suggestively. Louis swallows hard, the back of his neck feeling hotter when Niall slowly wets his lips. “One o’clock, Friday afternoon. Think that’s a good time to squeeze in a rehearsal into his busy schedule?”

Louis looks at the imaginary watch on his wrist with a worried expression, only to wink at Niall right after. “Sounds perfect.”

—

Louis can’t hide his excitement on Friday afternoon, driving as fast as he can to the sparsely filled theatre. He briefly meets with Niall as soon as he arrives, and is introduced to Harry and Zayn, the two actors who play Envy and Malice. They poke and prod Louis with a million questions about his interest in Niall, only for Louis to be saved by Liam, instructing all three actors to go backstage at the director’s request.

Louis is surprised to see Liam out of his usual navy blue suit and tie, donning a pair of jeans and a white t-shirt, though his earpiece remains intact. Liam escorts Louis into the theatre, making him sit dead center in the middle row behind a large group of dancers for the best view of the stage. He grows uncomfortable when the dancers keep looking over at him and whispering, their quiet laughter leaving him itching to run out. It only gets worse when he realizes Liam and his lackeys have been watching his every move from the private balconies above.

Despite his unease, Louis focuses back on the stage, watching several stagehands strap Niall into a safety harness. He’d apparently volunteered to be the first to test out the new wiring the stage crew had replaced, and takes off as soon as he gives the director a thumbs up. Niall has a rocky start at first, but eventually gets the hang of it and does his routine for a good ten minutes before he’s finished and running down the stairs towards Louis.

“Come on, I’ll show you around!” he exclaims, and takes Louis’ hand, leading him towards an unmarked exit to an empty hallway. “Pick up the pace, Louis! I think I’ve got at least half an hour before the press people get here to write some fancy article about the show.”

“Are you sure we won’t get in trouble? What about your crutches?”

Niall abruptly stops, and backs Louis against the wall. “Don't need 'em right now,” he says, placing his arms on either side of Louis. “I took care of everything, all you have to do is follow me.”

Louis takes a deep breath, and lightly places his hands on Niall’s waist. Niall lets out a soft noise when Louis brings him closer, their bodies just inches away from being pressed against each other. The warmth of Niall’s body heat combined with his signature cologne leaves Louis a little dizzy, but not enough to lose all focus.

“You gonna show me those entrances you told me about?” Louis purrs.

“Yeah,” Niall smirks, “every single one.”

—

Niall and Louis spend close to half an hour running all over the place looking for secret passages and entrances. To Niall’s disappointment, all they find are rooms full of old costumes and props, some nearly falling over the two as soon as they open the doors. Louis practically jumps when he opens a broom closet full of untouched mannequin heads, some painted as clowns, others with animal faces, and some just too downright gruesome to look at.

As soon as Louis calms down from his