try scavenge for lightly salted kale chips and olive oil. Since when did his mum start eating kale chips? His mum handed him a crisp $100 dollar bill to buy the groceries with. That shut him up immediately.

“You can use the change to get whatever you want. Just make sure it’s not useless. We still have bags of those little pill thingys you used to splurge your allowance on.” She told him, mentioning the small capsules that he would buy from the market that would turn into large objects when you kept them in water for long enough. He chuckled and nodded his head. He bent down so Anne could give him a quick kiss on the forehead before he could leave.

When he got to the grocery store, he grabbed a random cart that he saw in the parking lot and took the crumpled grocery list out of his pocket. He saw that the first thing on the list was ‘cereal’ written in his mother’s beautiful cursive writing so he headed for the cereal aisle first. He pushed the cart slowly and looked through the rows of cereal, trying to decide on what to get before he suddenly halted to a stop and heard a loud crash. He quickly looked ahead of him to see that he had accidentally crashed into someone else’s cart. He looked up at the owner to apologize, but immediately lost his voice when he saw who it was.

“Ashton?”

The brunet watched how the familiar blue eyes lit up in surprise. How lucky could Ashton be? Literally crashing into his ex boyfriend at the supermarket. Note the sarcasm. Ashton took a good look at the blond, now that they were all up close and personal instead of across the room like they were at the smoothie shack. His hair was in the hairstyle it was a few days ago except this time, it wasn’t drenched in sweat, and he still sported the scruffy beard along his jawline. He also noticed that this time he had his black lip ring on. Man, you’ll never guess how much he cried that day when he got it, but Ashton will never tell you. He promised not to. The blond was wearing a black long sleeve shirt and black shorts that were showing off his pale yet muscular legs. He also had a pair of black trainers on his feet. He looked very casual and sporty. Maybe he just came from football practice. Ashton looked up to meet his blue eyes again. Was he always that tall? Ashton doesn’t remember having to look that far up to meet his eyes. 

“I’m-- um-- sorry.” Ashton finally let out, quickly looking away from Luke’s eyes and down at feet in embarrassment. He heard Luke laugh softly. He can’t remember the last time her heard his laugh, but oh god, did it sound like music to his ears. 

“It’s fine, Ash.” Luke said. Ashton looked up when he heard the nickname. He didn’t realize how much he missed his name coming out of the blond’s mouth. But he did. He missed it so much. “Your mum mentioned to me that you were back in town when I saw her a few days ago. I didn’t imagine that we would end up seeing each other doing groceries, though.”

“Oh.” Was all the brunet could let out. Nice one, Ashton. Is that all you have to say for yourself? Luke gave him a friendly smile, and they just stood there awkwardly, not knowing what to do or say.

“Hey Luke! I got the eggs. We can go now!” Their silence was suddenly broken by a feminine voice coming from behind Luke. The blond turned around to reveal a short raven haired girl who was carrying two cartons of eggs. She placed the eggs in the cart and Ashton eyes trailed down to look in their cart. Milk, sugar, flour, chocolate chips. He frowned. Who was that girl, and why is she going to bake cookies with Luke? “Who is this?” She asked, finally noticing Ashton who was staring at them. Luke turned around to look back at the brunet.

“Oh, this is my old bo-- friend Ashton.” Luke introduced. Ashton noticed how Luke stopped himself from saying boyfriend. “Ashton, this is Arzaylea.” He looked back at the small girl to see a friendly smile on her face and her tiny hand held out to shake his. He grabbed in hesitantly and shook it.

“Nice to meet you, Ashton! Any friend of Luke’s is a friend of mine.” She smiled at him “But I’m afraid that we have to go now, four dozen cookies need to be baked for the football banquet, and we all know that they won’t bake themselves.” She motioned towards the cart filled with chocolate chip cookie ingredients. She looked back at Luke “I’ll go check these out while you say goodbye.” Ashton watched her walk off with the cart towards the front of the store and then he looked back at Luke who was awkwardly rubbing the