at this realization the entire room seems to starts to spin, you have to put a hand down onto the floor for support just so you don’t fall over. you put a hand over your mouth… your mouth.
something is covering it

 

you bring your hands closer and feel around what it might be. it’s a mask, it’s a goddamn plague doctor mask. you try to pull it off but that only sends an enormous pain throughout your jaw and face. they’ve permanently stitched a mask to your face. you lay down abruptly only to have unbearable pain sent throughout your entire body. that seems to be the norm now, extreme pain. you reach to your back to see what in the world could make this situation wors-

 

feathers

 

there are feathers on your back and neck

 

when you follow them a little further you realize they aren’t just a bunch of feathers there are actually muscles and bones, wings

 

they gave you wings
at this point you can barely think anymore, the panic of what is going on accompanied by such a horrible headache and screeching pain is just too much to bear. you can’t understand anything, but at the same time you get the feeling you don’t want to understand.
you try to say something, anything at all. But what comes out of your mouth is no more than a pathetic sickly sounding squeak. the noise sends a shiver of both pain and fear throughout your body, but you don’t care anymore. you keep on making more raspy sounding noises trying to get someone, anyone or anything at all to hear your pleads for help. you scream and scream until you can’t scream anymore. you just lie there, limp on the ground trying to catch your breath and get your throat to stop hurting, when you hear something. it’s quiet but it’s definitely there. it sounds like muffled talking, it’s too quiet for you to make any sense of it but the only thing you know is that it is someone. 

 

you stand up swiftly, ignoring the wave of nausea that comes with the action and look around. the entire room is white (and relatively small) except for one broad window of glass. it’s quite far away from where you are standing but you don’t have any problem seeing the details of the figures standing there. one of them is a tall female with long light orange-blonde hair and a lab coat that seems to be stained with small flecks of bright red. the other is a short male with black hair that seems to be holding a clipboard. they seemed to have improved your eyesight because without problem you can read what is written on it. 

 

even with the male moving you manage to read enough to understand that these are medical records, and from the name written on top of the paper it’s yours. something inside your brain clicks and you realize that they did this to me, they turned me into this.. this thing. you don’t even register what you’re doing before it has already happened. you lunge forward towards the glass and extend your wings into a glide. the impact racks pain through your entire body, but the anger and fear from everything distracts you from it. 

 

surprisingly the glass shatters and you land onto the floor with a thump. screams fill the air as you quickly get up and turn towards the source of the noise. it’s the female, she’s sitting on the ground with eyes wide as a dinner plate, with a few wounds from the glass shattering. bare your claws and sprint over to her. gripping her face with one quick swoop, you pull her up by her head so that she’s hanging in the air. her breathing picks up, she probably realizes with that the position she’s in there is no chance of survival. you slowly start to dig your claws into her lower jaw and she lets out a horrific screech followed by frantic thrashing around. you search for a second to find where the lower jaw connects with the upper skull and dig your claws into the skin and muscles. you start to tear away the lower jaw from the upper jaw, ignoring what seems to be pleads of mercy from the woman, at least that is what he would guess that they were, it’s hard to understand someone when their jaws are being separated. after a few seconds the jaw gives in with a disgusting “plop” sound. the woman's screams for mercy have now turned into something closer to sobs of pain and fear. you decide that that is enough and promptly smash her head against the floor. there’s a cracking sound but that doesn't stop you from continuing to smash the skull of the woman’s limp body. when you decide that there's no chance at all that she is still alive you turn around. it seems you landed on the male when you smashed the window, either way he’s laying completely still on the ground, not even breathing. even if he was alive he seemed like an underling, someone that only takes