didn't matter. 

“Been with a Were before?” Stiles laughed and nodded which made Derek's skin shiver. “Then I'll make sure you forget the other.”

And so, began their night. 

Stiles, even though a little clumsily slid out of his clothes as fast as he could, was still stunning without them. Derek felt his mouth water and eyes flash as he looked at the long legs that would soon be wrapped around him.  

Stiles walked over to him and pushed him back so Derek was sitting on the bed. He felt Stiles unzip his pants and pull out his dick, and in seconds, it was inside a nice hot mouth. “Big boy, huh?”  

He groaned and dug his hands in Stiles' hair. It was a long enough to tug at. Derek pulled a bit more until Stiles understood and he stood up and kissed Derek who crawled back on the bed with Stiles on top of him. He pushed his pants down and frowned when he felt his boots in the way. 

“Didn't really think about yourself getting naked first huh?” Stiles gave a toothy grin and leaned back to help Derek with his shoes. 

After all clothes were off, including socks, both men smiled and tumbled onto the bed. 

Stiles tuned around so he could hover over Derek's cock. And his dangled over the others face. “This alright?”  

Derek nodded and craned his neck up to suck Stiles, who in turn gasped and leaned down to take Derek in.

After a few moments, Stiles felt a tongue at his hole and gave a full body shiver. “Dereeek. Fuck!” A finger soon joined the tongue and Stiles rested on his forearms. He heard the familiar sound of a bottle open and felt the dribble of lube. 

After a bit, he felt himself relax and another finger join the first, then another. 

“Come on Come on Come ON! I'm gonna explode soon dude.” Stiles Shook Derek's fingers out and turned around and plopped himself on Derek's thighs so their dicks pressed together. 

“Gonna ride you like a fucken pro.” Derek shrugged a shoulder and put his hands behind his head. “Go ahead and take whatever you want.” 

Stiles licked his lips and sat up. Slowly, he lowered himself down on Derek's dick who grit his teeth in order not to reach over and pull Stiles down. 

“So fucken goooood.”Stiles shivered when he was fully down. Carefully, he rose up and down until he had  good rhythm going. 

“Come on big boy, I know you want to.” Stiles reached over and grabbed Derek's hands and put them on his hips. “Let me see what you got.” A challenge was a challenge.

Stiles instantly regretted his words. Not only did Derek take one hand away, he took the lube bottle and squeezed a bit between where he was connected to Stiles in order to have more slick between them. Carefully, he closed it, put it back, and reached up to pull Stiles down so he rested on his chest. 

“Remember, you asked for it.” Stiles swallowed. 

Like a jack hammer being turned on, Derek pistoned straight up into Stiles' hole aiming directly at his prostrate. 

The scream that tore itself out of Stiles was like a damn breaking for Derek who pulled Stiles closer to himself and went faster. He felt strong arms wrap themselves under and around his shoulders to keep balance, or to stay grounded. He felt Stiles short nails dig into him.

“Ha, shit fuck t-too much..can't...” Stile's voice began to get more horse as sweat from his brow fell on Derek. 

Quickly, Stiles was rolled over and was folded in half as his legs automatically wrapped around Derek, who was still holding him and hammering into him. 

“Close, close, close.” Stiles felt his orgasm rip out of him. His body locked, then spasmed. He felt his eyes roll back then twitch into a pitiful state of awareness. 

Seconds later, Derek pushed in as far he could go and froze. 

Stiles felt his cock give a sad twitch at the sensation of being filled. Not planned, but totally not wanted. 

Derek uncoiled from his position a few moments later and practically laid on Stiles with his entire weight. 

Holy fuck.” Stiles gasped as he slowly took one hand off of Derek. His knuckles were still practically locked in place. He took deep breaths as he felt his sweaty forehead. He looked over at Derek who was also sweating as if he had run a marathon. 

Stiles chuckled as he laid his head back on the pillow. 

“Ten out of ten would ride again.” Derek gave a throaty laugh as he picked his head up from Stiles' chest. 

Slowly, both kissed. Just lips pressing together. 

“I'm going to pull out.” Stiles nodded as he felt the slow drag. A small pop happened and he felt the cool dribble run down his hole. 

Derek cleaned him inside and out with an old shirt with warm water and a kiss at the end. He was given sweat