more, she turned her gaze at the stars again. “I told him I wanted it and that I would have it, with or without him. Looks like I’ll be having it without him...” 

Janeway took the younger woman in her arms as she started sobbing again, softly petting her hair. “Maybe he just needs some time, to adjust to the idea.” She offered gently.B’Elanna sat up, shaking her head. “I don’t think he will. I don’t think he ever had the intention of becoming a father.”Cupping B’Elanna’s face with one hand, Janeway wiped away some of the tears with her thumb. “Nevertheless, give it some time before you decide to do anything. And if there’s anything I can do for you, please ask. Okay?” 

B’Elanna nodded. “Thank you Captain.” She got up from the couch. “I probably should get some sleep now. Thanks again for listening.”“No problem B’Elanna.” Janeway smiled warmly. “Just remember I’m here if you need me.” “I will.” The younger woman replied. “Oh and Captain? I’d appreciate it if this stays between us for the time being? I really don’t need the whole crew watching my every move right now.” The Captain waved her hand. “Of course it’ll stay between us Lieutenant.” “Thank you Captain. And goodnight.” With that, B’Elanna headed for the Mess Hall doors.

 

~

 

B’Elanna looked up as the door chime in her quarters sounded. Part of her was hoping that it would be Tom coming to tell her that he’d reconsidered. But her hopes were dashed as she saw the Captain enter. “Captain, what can I do for you?” She asked, sounding more chipper than she felt.Janeway sat down as B’Elanna motioned her to and looked at her questioningly. “I just came by to see how you were doing. Did you manage to get some sleep last night?” B’Elanna shrugged. “Some, but not much. That was to be expected.”

Leaning back against the couch, B’Elanna let out a sigh. “I talked to Tom again this morning. Asked him flat out if he ever wants to be a father. Told him I wanted an honest answer.”Janeway pursed her lips. “And?”“The silence combined with the look in his eyes told me all I need to know.” Placing her hand on B’Elanna’s knee, Janeway squeezed it comfortingly. “So what happens now? Have you given that some thought?” 

B’Elanna’s gaze turned thoughtful. “At this point I’m inclined to keep it, to be honest. I know it won’t be easy, but I think I can pull it off on my own.” “You’re forgetting that you’re not completely on your own, Lieutenant. There’s a whole crew out there that can’t wait to help and welcome another child onto Voyager.” B’Elanna snorted and stood. “A whole crew minus one, it appears.” Janeway got up as well and stood in front of B’Elanna, placing her hand on the woman’s belly instinctively. “Well, if this child is anything like its mother, then it’s Tom’s loss, obviously.”

Warmed by the compliment, B’Elanna smiled and placed her hand on top of the Captain’s hand that was still on her belly. Janeway smiled back at her affectionately. “Whether or not you keep this child is a decision you have to make by yourself, B’Elanna. But I want you to know that no matter what you decide, I’m behind you one hundred percent; you’re not alone in this. And if you decide to keep it, we’ll make it work, I’ll see to that. Take your time and think it through carefully, because whatever you decide, it will have a severe impact on your life.”

B’Elanna bit her lip. “I don’t want an abortion Captain. My every instinct tells me to keep this baby. But when I think about being responsible for another life, on my own with no one to fall back on, it’s scary as hell.” She held up her hand to stop Janeway from speaking and continued. “I know you said that I’m not alone in this, but when it comes to raising my child, to guide it in life, to help it grow up... That responsibility lies solely on my shoulders.” B’Elanna looked down at their still joined hands on her belly and couldn’t help but wanting it to stay that way. She wanted to do this with someone, instead of alone. She sighed.

Kathryn Janeway also looked down at their hands. She felt a surge of responsibility flow through her, wanting to protect this unborn life, feeling the need to do anything in her power to let this baby be born and grow