after I hand you your ticket, you are to disembark and wait for everyone outside."

When none of the class members murmured their disagreement, the class representative called the names of the class members one by one

As soon as the students got down from the bus, they immediately ushered inside the private terminal. Everyone couldn't help but gape in awe at the sight that awaited them. Outside the huge windows, they could see an impressive-looking plane being prepared for flight.


"What a huge plane!" said Kurihara, seeing a plane for the first time in his life. He's one of the many students in class 2-A that have never even set foot in an airport before.
"This... B-B-BOEING BUSINESS JET!", said one Suzuki. Known as an aircraft aficionado, the student was absolutely blown away by the plane in front of him.
"What's wrong, Suzuki? I haven't even ridden a plane before so I really don't know the difference between them. This one looks really amazing, though." Kurihara said.
"It's a Boeing Business Jet, you know, a Boeing Business Jet! It's a private jet, you know! It costs at least 47 million dollars to buy one of this things, not to mention the only people i've heard of that own these are royalty and foreign governments! What kind of unbelievable person is Boreen-sensei's friend anyway?" Suzuki practically shouted in excitement. He never dreamed that he'd be able to see, much less ride, such a beautiful piece of aircraft on just a school field trip.
"You mean we're gonna ride on a private plane! Woohoo! This is gonna be the best field trip ever!"
'What's with this extravagance? And displaying that huge logo on the side of the plane too... Aren't they mafia?' Tsuna thought, taken aback at the fact that the Vongola's ornate symbol is painted proudly on the side of the plane. He wasn't really surprised at the absurd amount of money being spent on the trip so far, considering the fact that Dino-san and the others just drive around in their Ferraris like they're nothing.
"That Vongola symbol... Does this mean Boreen-sensei's friend is a part of the Family, too?" Gokudera murmured to himself.
"Vongola? You mean you've heard of them before, Gokudera?" asked Kurihara, who apparently heard what Gokudera said. Wanting to know more about their mysterious benefactor, the class immediately huddled around Gokudera and listened expectantly.
"They're the richest Family in Italy. Something like this is just spare change for them," Gokudera answered haughtily.
"I see. Gokudera originally came from Italy, so if this family is as amazing as he says they are, no wonder he recognized them." said Kaneda.
"Heh, so Boreen-sensei has some extremely rich corporate friends? I wonder how they even met. Heck, I wonder why his friend even agreed on sponsoring something as lame as a middle school field trip."
"Who cares, as long as we get to experience Italy in style! And for free, too!" someone in the crowd shouted. After finding out that their benefactor is more than just extremely rich, the class couldn't help but look forward to the rest of the trip. From what they know of the trip so far, their patron definitely isn't holding back on the expenses.
"As expected of the Vongola, the 10th deserves nothing less than VIP treatment!" Gokudera said enthusiastically. Considering the fact that the future boss is coming to Italy, Vongola seems to be putting out all the stops as far as reception is concerned.
"Good going, Tsuna!" Yamamoto said light-heartedly, clapping Tsuna on the back.
"Why me?" exclaimed Tsuna, who was starting to wonder why he agreed to going on the trip in the first place

'There's obviously something weird going on if even Gokudera-kun passes the bomb check.' Tsuna thought as boarded the plane. Checking the ticket for his seat number, Tsuna was relieved to find out that he was assigned to an aisle seat near the front. Sasagawa Kyoko was already sitting on the window seat beside his assigned one.

'At least Reborn kept his promise; maybe this trip won't be so bad after all!' Tsuna thought as he glanced at Kyoko, a blush rising to his cheeks.
Across the aisle, Gokudera was harassing one of his classmates into exchanging seats with him. Luckily, Nezu-sensei, and Reborn who was in his Boreen-sensei disguise, arrived and managed to get Gokudera off the unfortunate student. With the threat of getting left behind, Gokudera had no choice but to comply and trudge towards his seat, far away from Tsuna's own.
Tsuna sighed in relief, thinking that his alone time with Kyoko is safe, at least for the time being. He grabbed one of the strange magazines in front of him, each of them bearing a certain Sun Arcobaleno's face. Before