sir,” he says – not the fluting tone he attempted on stage, but the resonant alto of a woman of the world, “I hope you will grace us at future performances, so that you might have the pleasure of hearing me improve.”

“Indeed.” The man flushes with enthusiasm. “I wished to ask the honour of your company – if you would care to dine with me...”

Ned seeks for another sight of Betterton in the crowd, wondering if he ought to accept such an invitation – the stranger has an honest face, and does not look on Ned with guilty hunger as some do, but is he important enough to favour?  He is rescued, however, by an amused, aristocratic voice speaking behind him.

“Mr. Kynaston. My lady. Allow me to congratulate you.”

Ned turns as Olympia would turn, demure yet conscious of her own rank and wit, even as his heart beats faster in his padded bodice. He knows who this man is, of course: they had seen him from the wings, seated alone in the royal box, the King’s old friend and boon companion. Please him, and the play would remain open; the next time, he might not come alone.

George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham, hands him a glass of wine. His gloved fingers touch Ned’s, stroking up against the lace at his wrist. He is darkly handsome, wearing his own hair untouched by grey, and his eyes hold Ned captive.

“Charming,” he says, and without looking away, “Off with you now, Pepys.”

“You enjoyed the play, your grace?” Ned asks, softly enough that Villiers has to lean in to hear him.

“I enjoyed your Olympia,” he answers, stepping closer still in the press. “And intend to enjoy her again.”

He leaves no doubt as to his meaning, and Ned finds himself blushing in truth. “My lord,” he murmurs, shying away. “You know I am not really—”

Villiers raises an eyebrow. “Aren’t you?” he says, low and knowing. His hand brushes down Ned’s back, warm over the stays.

Ned hesitates a moment, torn between leaning toward and away from that pressure, and then he raises his head. They’re of a height; he can meet the Duke’s gaze directly, hold it, before fluttering his fan once more. “It would be my pleasure, your grace.”

He does not know what he expects of the Duke’s apartments, but they are as opulent as any set, gilded and hung with velvets. The bed is the biggest he has ever seen, raised on a dais and hung with embroidered curtains.

“It’s like a stage,” Ned breathes.

Villiers smiles sharply. “Exactly like a stage. Would you care to make your entrance?”

“I believe,” Ned says, daring, “that that is for your grace to do.”

The Duke sets aside the cup of wine a servant had handed him and tugs Ned close, tipping up his chin. “Is’t not a handsome wench?” he asks, and saves Ned the necessity of answering.

Villiers unlaces his gown carefully, drawing it inch-by-inch over his shoulders and kissing the skin revealed. Ned knows it is his shoulders that most betray him, wiry and muscular, but the Duke does not seem to mind. He pulls Ned back into his lap, hiking up the voluminous skirts to reach beneath.

“I fear your grace will find an...impediment,” Ned says breathlessly.

The Duke’s chuckle is warm in his ear. “Oh, it is no impediment,” he says, taking Ned in hand briefly before moving further.

Ned has never done this before. One of the other actors had offered, but Ned had refused him – not angrily, as Mister Edward Kynaston might have done, but with a smile and a coy look. Girls had proven easy conquests, but he had been disappointed by the experience: the act spoken of as possession had left him no closer to their delicacy and soft flesh. They had looked up at him afterwards, in pleasure or impatience or concern, remaining unreachably separate.

He is still wearing the wig when Villiers takes him, the tumbled curls hiding his flushed face from anyone who might be watching. He finds he does not need to act at all as he dies.

“I hope,” Villiers tells him afterwards, stroking Ned’s curls as they sprawl loose-limbed upon the bed, “that I shall become a regular patron of your performances.”

Ned nearly laughs in realisation: that he might become the Duke of Buckingham’s mistress! He would not do it for gain alone, yet he cannot deny that the heat in the Duke’s dark eyes excites him: from the beginning, he could feel it rake through his clothes to the essence beneath. “Yes,” he says simply, leaning over to kiss him.

Villiers looks satisfied, reaching for his coat. Ned thinks that he might dress and leave, the business done, but the Duke only draws