?”

Now, the defense attorney was lost.

Smirking, the prosecutor got to his feet, only to sit down next to his companion on the edge of the bed, an arm wrapping around Apollo’s lower back.

“You did touch me – perhaps you should know that I am quite fond of having my hair pulled while in the spirit of things. My objective was to make you climax, and while you could say that I am afflicted with a certain amount of oral fixation, I was not about to insist on assuaging it when I was able to watch you, instead. As for your final point…”

He snorted quietly in amusement before continuing.

“Perhaps I should thank you. It has been a long time since I last got to enjoy my partner’s orgasm in such an up-close and personal manner.”

“B-but…!” Apollo stuttered out. “I didn’t even ask before I just…! I mean, I didn’t mean to degrade you or anything…!”

And yet, had he not? Had he not meant to mark the man beside him as his?

“Apollo.” The surprisingly soothing tone in Simon’s voice caused his rambling to falter. “Don’t mistake my words’ intent. Nothing about it was degrading to me. In fact, I found it gratifying that you would find my presence stimulating enough to abandon all niceties. Although…”

A grin, lopsided and rakish and incredibly sexy. “… if you choose to see it as demeaning and this happens to satisfy you, do be my guest.”

Long, pale fingers rose to Simon’s face, gathering more of the pearlescent fluid and dipping into his mouth.

“Instead of apologizing for satisfying my proclivities, perhaps you should concentrate on recovering. I believe someone offered me a fuck earlier, and I find myself rather impatient for it at this point…”

He cast a meaningful glance down at his prominently tenting pants, startling Apollo into laughter.

“If you say so… but I don’t need to be hard for you to fuck me.”

The fingers which had just been between Simon’s lips settled underneath the young attorney’s chin, tilting it up in preparation for a kiss, but the prosecutor halted just before closing the remaining distance between them to murmur, “And who said that you were going to be the one getting fucked…?”

 

Wrote a bit more beyond the original prompt since I was having so much fun with those two again~ Inspired by a rant my best friend went on regarding heterosexist yaoi conventions (sorry if it got a bit preachy in the beginning), and by the fact that there was no Simollo fic yet where they explicitly go all the way. Enjoy!

Apollo was so stunned by Simon’s question that he stilled against his companion’s mouth instead of participating in the kiss, causing the latter to draw back after a second with a bewildered expression.

Another long moment of silence passed before Simon spoke up, the slightest measure of hesitation in his voice.

“… I apologize for being presumptuous. If you would rather…”

“No!” Apollo hurried to cut him off; his negation came out quite a bit louder than he had intended, causing the prosecutor to grimace.

“No,” he repeated in a more hushed tone, scrambling to find words to explain himself. “It’s just, I suppose I didn’t expect that you’d want that… but then again,” he snickered nervously and a little helplessly, “I guess I already guessed wrong once tonight, so maybe I should say sorry for being presumptuous…”

Simon cocked his head slightly; the gesture was reminiscent of his hawk.

“Indulge my curiosity. Why would I not want ‘that?’”

“I, uh…” Apollo gulped. “Promise me you won’t take this the wrong way?”

A smirk. “My sword shall remain sheathed, if you will permit me to come perilously close to speaking in terrible double entendres.”

The young defense attorney snorted at that, his tension lessening – which was probably exactly what Simon had intended.


I suppose psychological manipulation isn’t only good for getting the court to agree with his theories.


“Well… since you were in the clink and all… I mean, I don’t know if there was anyone in there or anything, but… y’know, all the stereotypes…”

“Ah, I see.” The prosecutor did not seem upset once he was able to follow Apollo’s line of thought. “No, there was not – for exactly the reason you allude to, as well as a few others. Fraternizing with the other inmates beyond small talk would not only have been potentially perilous to my health and the remainder of my self-worth, prisoners as a whole are a conservative crowd, and surprisingly homophobic in spite of their own actions. Even if I had found myself drawn to someone within the walls, keeping such a relationship a secret would have been all but impossible due to the lack of privacy, and men who were known to let themselves be penetrated willingly were met with near-universal scorn, if their partner did not