, looking like a damn fool in front of this gorgeous girl.


 


“I-It was no trouble! You looked like you were going to be out here for a while… and I just… you know… had this lying around!”


 


The girl seemed slow to follow Korra’s rapid, stammering sentence, but managed to figure out what she’d been saying and nodded, “I packed for cold weather, and I am usually used to it where I hail… I suppose the hint of sunshine outside caught me off guard, and I chose to brave the t-shirt.”


 


“Where are you from?”


 


“San Diego.”


 


“Oh, you’re used to a pretty warm climate,” Korra nodded. “Uh… I’m Korra!”


 


“Asami Sato,” the gardener smiled, extending her hand. “Where are you from?”


 


“Spokane. It can get as hot as San Diego in the summertime, so I get where you’re coming from with the whole ‘unprepared for the rain’ thing.”


 


“Sounds like a lovely place.”


 



It’s really not

, Korra thought, but she kept that to herself. “Sooooo... you plant plants? I mean you gardener? Y-You’re a garden? Umm... f-flowers?”


 


Asami smiled and laughed, and Korra fumbled with the umbrella, unsure of how to act around this new beautiful, sweet girl. Before Asami had a chance to answer her question, Korra mumbled something about lending the umbrella to her and needing to get to class, awkwardly scrambling away. The two shared a glance in the rain and Korra stumbled off the curb, quickly scurrying out of Asami’s view.


 

. . .

 


The University was already a crowded place, but rush time in between classes was its own, special kind of hell. Some teenagers huddled up against the walls and waited the chaos out in study groups, but hundreds others simply bumped to and fro, skirmishing around each other like pinballs in an arcade machine. The frown on Korra’s face, somewhere in the blend of the student colony, and the way she held herself signified her absolute unhappiness with this college life, but she braved it anyways for her parent’s sake.


 


Inside a classroom on the southern side of campus, Korra was sitting in a lecture hall filled with students, while a middle-aged woman rambled on about personal finance. Instead of taking notes, she read fanfiction and drew two women (one of whom looked suspiciously like a certain gardener wearing a t-shirt) kissing on her notebook, quietly blowing bubbles with her gum.


 


She smirked as she tuned out the teacher. College was the upgrade from high school, in that you could eat, drink, and read trashy porn stories online instead of taking notes. It’s not that she didn’t have the upmost respect for personal finance and rich people. After all, they may be greedy with tax cuts and insensitive about the middle and lower classes but... yeah, that’s pretty much it, isn’t it?



  



The professor mentioned something being on the upcoming test and Korra’s head instantly snapped up.


 


She leaned to the student next to her (some rich boy named Wu) and asked, “Hey, wait, do we have a test coming up?”


 


“Yeah, didn’t you read the syllabus?”


 


Korra groaned, “I wasn’t necessarily sober when she handed them out.”


 


Wu gave her a sympathetic smile, and then glanced down at her tablet, “Wait… are you reading porn in class?”


 


Korra threw her tablet into her bag faster than the speed of light and kicked her bag under her chair. “Nope, nope, I-I-I don’t know what you’re........ yeah, okay, I was reading smut.”


 


For a moment, it was dead silent between them, and then Wu’s face lit up in a mischievous smile. Both of them began giggling silently and Wu passed of copy of his notes with a number on the top. It read 

“I like a girl with a big brain, most girls don’t even read ;)”

. Really? He was at the best university in the state and 

that 

was his pickup line?? When he wasn’t looking, Korra made a gagging face, scribbled out the number and, stuffed the notes into her bag. Her personal finance professor dismissed class and Wu left with his group of friends.


 


Korra shook her head as he left, 

I love it when men have to ruin the moment with flirting. Girls don’t know how to read? Girls don’t know how to read?!?!?! Don’t nobody tell that poor boy about Rowling, Shelly, or Dickinson.



 


Her professor interupted her thoughts from the front of the classroom, prompting her to realize that she was the last student in the room;


 


“Ms. Korra, I cannot help but notice that you are neglecting to offer my curriculum the respect that it deserves. Surely, if you are not satisfied with the program, arrangements can be made for a student on the waiting list