what to do with that. Iwaizumi was the one who showed him what the purpose of this so called ’life’ is while his mother was like a ghost in that mysterious thing, a ghost which appeared only to ruin all the good things which he knew existed and making him confused and stupid and I hate being stupid and I hate himself and-

„Would you come over here please? I just arrived home after a month and I’ll have to leave soon so it’d be lovely if you could just appreciate this.” Hah. Hahaha. It’s like appreciating your kidnapper just because they gave you a piece of bread. Oikawa knew he had lots of ’not-okay’ things about himself but Stockholm Syndrome was for sure not one of those things.

But he came. He sat down to the couch so he could face her. She had that neutral expression on her face what Oikawa wanted to tear off because it felt like she was a stranger to him when she’s supposed to be his mom and moms are supposed to care about their child and not ruining-

„How’s school going? It seems like I need to be the polite one who starts the conversation.”

„Fine! My grades are great and also the volleyball team is having their strongest season!” He said it with that typical fake smile and fake voice what he never had any problems with putting on but now, after this day and even this happening to him he was hardly coping with it.

„It’s great to hear you’ve finally tried to be good in something but no, you’re not good at lying either. I just called your maths teacher and she wasn’t impressed with your grades, especially with the test what you wrote today. What a little sneaky brat you are.” Liar? Nah it was an old one. But the brat was new, it’ll be on his list.

„Yes maths isn’t my best, that’s true, but I’m trying really hard to get better!” Don’t crack that smile. Don’t. You. Dare. Just keep smiling.

„But it seems like you’re not trying as hard as you should be. Maybe if you wasn’t so obsessed with that stupid game then you’d have more time to maths.”

„Don’t worry, I can cope with everything! I was planning to study for my next maths test so if you excuse me.” He didn’t even wait for the answer but ran up to his room and closed the door behind him.

And here he is. Few hours later, 11:39pm. Red swollen eyes, foggy mind and blade in his hand.

He pulled off his underwear only a little bit so he could be able to reach the area around his hipbone. He already had several words carved into his body – only into the area what was hidden underneath his boxers because Iwaizumi’d notice it – , words like ’idiot’, ’moron’, ’boring’, ’liar’, and the list goes on and on. Some of them were almost fresh, but there were older ones which were barely noticeable. He held up the blade and cut in the flesh. It hurt and he was crying but he had to do it, he had to remind himself how much of a waste of space he is. It was euphoric. The blade cutting smoothly through his skin and the blood shining like it was the light what disappeared from his eyes a long time ago. He threw his head back and looked up back to the ceiling, to the little plastic stars which he got from Iwa-chan for his 12th birthday.

„Because I know you like space and aliens and all that stuff! But Godzilla is still cooler though!” Twelve years old Hajime said with a huge grin on his face as he gave Oikawa the little semi-transparent bag with full of fluorescent stars. Oikawa’s eyes grew big and he teared up as he looked at his best friend – his only friend.

„W-wait what did I do? I’m so sorry Oikawa i didn’t mean to hurt you-„ Iwa-chan panicked but Oikawa just smiled at him and showed the OK sign


„Iwa-chan being so kind to me! If he acts like this I’ll think he’s in love with me~„



„ASSKAWA!”


 

Oikawa pulled his boxers back and blew a kiss towards the sky.

„For the aliens” He used to say so aliens’d come and abduct him and bring him anywhere but here. But since that birthday he found himself a new objective.

„For Iwa-chan” Oikawa said as he wiped off a tear from his cheek and fell asleep.

 

***

 

Eyes slowly opening. Light coming through the window. Clock on the bedside table.



12:23.



„SHIT!” – he murmured loudly and burried his face in his hands. It wouldn’t make sense to go to school when I’ve already missed half of the day. I shall think about an excuse for this day but first I