was a big fan of Kim the woman who worked the night shift down by the printer. She wasn't friendly, and she certainly wasn't like the woman in the morning. Zayn liked her, he found her oddly amusing. He laughed at the lack of reply, pulling out the memory stick and shrugging on his jacket.

“Looks like I'm doing it, tonight. Go on, you can all pack up and leave.”

“Cheers, Zayn!” One lad said, followed by multiple 'thanks' and 'you're the best'. He rolled his eyes, heading out of the offices, and down to the courtyard. Once he was out on campus, he shoved his hand in his pocket, the other twisting around the key chain of the memory stick. He whistled, a pathetic pep in his step. He pushed open the double doors, walking into the well lit area of space. He smiled, setting eyes on the faded red hair of the woman behind the desk.

“Evening, Kim.”

The woman's eyes turned up from the small TV sat in the corner of the room, hers miserable. She turned her head back slowly, hand halfway to her mouth; fingers stained orange with a large bag of knock-off Wotsits in her lap. He walked over to the desk, leaning against the counter scattered with paperwork and leaflets.

He held up the memory stick, before sliding it across the surface. “This is for the printer. I haven't let you down this time by bringing it late.”

Kim didn't turn away from her TV show, causing Zayn to follow her gaze, seeing it was a repeat of 'Neighbours'. “Drop it, and leave.” She said, another Wotsit going into her mouth.

He laughed, but nodded. Walking backwards, and heading back towards the door. “See you next week,” he called, before pushing open the doors with his shoulder.

Zayn couldn't be sure, but he was fairly certain he heard a 'hope not' as he left. He shoved his hands back into his pockets, the brisk temperature dropping in degrees. He shouldered the door back to the office, coughing into his fist as he climbed the steps. He rubbed at his eyes as he entered the office, eyes catching a broad back, perched on one of the desks. He raised an eyebrow, the plain white tank giving it away, immediately. As well as the fat brimmed hat of the snapback on his head, pointing backwards. He looked around, seeing that he, in fact was the only one in the office.

“What are you doing here?” He asked, taking a step further into the room.

Niall's head snapped around, fingers dropping the folder he was going through on someone's desk. He turned his body, standing up. His cheeks were slightly flushed, and his blue eyes wide. If Zayn had never heard his voice, he might have actually pegged him as cute. “I was lookin' for you.”

“Well, congratulations. You found me. Now, what do you want?” He chewed at the inside of his cheek, too tired to deal with something and someone like this, right now.

Niall shoved his hands in his pockets, slowly moving around the desks, and walking closer to him. His lips quirked at the corner, and Zayn knew what it was before he saw it. “I came t' apologise.”

Zayn raised his eyebrows, because he definitely wasn'texpecting that. “Oh. Uh, what for?”

Like clockwork, the smirk tugged up onto his lips, revealing teeth.

Just teeth. 

Holy shit, he'd had his braces taken off.

He swallowed, trying to remain silently calm. He trained his eyes up to Niall's, but slipped every now and then, falling to the slightly exposed teeth.

No, no. Don't fucking look. 


But, he looks so bloody good.



Fuck that, man. He's an arsehole.


A braceless, hot arsehole. 

He frowned at himself, his inward debate with his mind having caused him to miss the approaching steps of the blonde.

“I tink I pocket dialled ya the other nigh'?” Niall frowned, quirking an eyebrow and tilting his head slightly to the side as if he was fucking clueless to it.


Bellend.


Zayn also frowned himself, pretending to think back. “Did you?”

Niall's eyes narrowed slightly, taking another step. “Yeah.

Zayn shrugged, running a hand through his hair. “I don't remember getting a call.” 

The blonde's jaw tensed, and he looked straight at Zayn, chewing obnoxiously at the gum in his mouth. “Huh.” The action caused Zayn's eyes to drop down to his mouth, teeth being teasingly shown as he chewed with his mouth open. 

Niall's smirk grew, having obviously caught the brief look. He took the chewing gum from his mouth, dropping it into the bin. He licked his lips, another slow step leading him closer to