where some of his sex abuse ring might have originated. He was looking for one in particular, the one he had been reading when Sherlock had swept in with his high-handed demands. 

After only a moment of searching the desk, he had grabbed his coat and was running down the corridor. "Sherlock! Sherlock, get back here."

* * *

Mrs Hudson opened the door that he'd been hammering against and stumbled back in alarm as he pushed past her and took the stairs two a time.

"Ah Lestrade, must you resemble of a herd of--"

Lestrade grabbed the file out of Sherlock's hands. "You do not get to steal files from my office, you complete bastard."

"You have no reason to have that file, it is not an open case, and it has nothing to do with child abuse."

"It was an open verdict, and you know it. And as for child--"

"There was no abuse," shouted Sherlock, drowning out Lestrade. "I was the only child there. I should bloody well know!"

"You were the only child," exclaimed Lestrade, incredulous. "You were what? Seven. So Mycroft doesn't count?"

"Mycroft has been going on fifty ever since he was seven," proclaimed Sherlock dismissively. "Anyway, it's not as if he had any reason for complaint, he was always Daddy's favourite." 

"Daddy's favourite?" said Lestrade softly, dangerously. "And why not you?"

"Daddy said children only got interesting when they were old enough to hold a proper conversation," said Sherlock, sounding sulky. "I could, though, but he'd never listen to me. Too busy spending his time with Mycroft. And then when it was about to be my turn--" Sherlock bit off the sentence, still clearly furious over old injustice. 

"Listen to yourself, you prat. About to be your turn. Suddenly you're old enough to be interesting and Mycroft's about to be sent off to boarding school, and Daddy accidentally shoots himself while cleaning his shotgun. With Mycroft as the only witness. Christ, Sherlock, think about what you're saying. You're the bloody consulting detective. You can deduce the impossible from three grains of dust and a ketchup stain. How can you be so blind about this?"

There was a long silence, a horrified John standing awkwardly in the kitchen staring at both of them. "The coroner said it was accident," protested Sherlock eventually.

"The coroner left an open verdict. And is it any surprise that twenty years ago in a sleepy Sussex village everyone was pretty keen to hush up the awkward death of the Right Honourable Leighton Holmes? Somebody on the force had heard enough to slip notes about possible abuse into the file, even if they had been ordered to shut down the case. Follow the bleeding evidence, isn't that what you're always telling me?"

Lestrade stalked across to the door, file in hand, and then turned back to look at Sherlock once more. "We may solve crimes but the living matter as much as the dead. You might want to take a break from blaming Mycroft for every bloody thing."

 * * *

Lestrade was back in his office. He'd always found impotent anger a very useful driving force for churning through backlogged paperwork. In a few more hours he'd be almost up-to-date. When Sherlock burst in, he doggedly continued to work.

"I went to see Mycroft." Sherlock delivered this information like an accusation. 

That did get Lestrade's attention. "And?"

"He refused to talk about any of it." Sherlock was pacing back and forth across the floor, agitation evident in the way his long thin fingers fluttered. "Said it all happened a long time ago and none of it matters now. Reminded me that caring is not an advantage." He turned on Lestrade. "What am I supposed to do?"

Lestrade stared back at him in surprise. "How should I know?"

"You're the one who's always being concerned about the victims. What do I do?"

"What does John think?" prevaricated Lestrade.

"He suggests family therapy," muttered Sherlock. 

To his own surprise, Lestrade found himself beginning to laugh helplessly. "Oh my God. Has he ever met either of you?"

Sherlock eventually allowed out a rueful smile. "He means well. He thinks his own therapy is helping him."

"It really would be a crime to inflict the two of you on some hapless therapist."

"Exactly. So what do I do? I'm serious Lestrade."

Lestrade examined Sherlock's pale face, with its uncharacteristic look of helplessness. Lestrade thought about a man who advised against caring while trying to protect his little brother any way he could and being punished for it at every turn. 

"You can't change the past, Sherlock. Sometimes - no matter how a case is closed - there is no justice. There is no redress. But you can change the future. Let him back