’t enjoying myself(which wasn’t entirely true . . .), Liam was already shaking above me, his legs buckling, his cock twitching and I knew that he had just ejaculated. 

“Oh, Zayn,” he said breathlessly. 

“Oh Liam,” I groaned, rolling my eyes. 

He pulled out of me slowly and fell to my side. I could hear him catching his breath, while I tried not to seem like an utter bitch for wanting my goody two-shoes boyfriend to treat me like a prostitute. 

“I love you very much Zayn.”

I sighed, thinking about how I was going to get Liam completely furious. Raging bull fury. 

Then, it hit me. After I told him I loved him, I devised my plan. 

“We’re gonna go clubbing with the boys tonight,” I said, smirking widely when I thought about making Liam so jealous that he would yank me to the nearest closet or stall and fuck me until I was screaming for him to stop. 

I couldn’t wait!

*   *   *   *   *

I wore my I’m-gonna-get-fucked-tonight-by-whoever-wants-me outfit. A tight black jeans, an even tighter V-neck that showed off a little of my ink, and my hair gelled back into perfection. If I saw me, I would slam me against the wall and punish my ass onto oblivion. As of Liam, he kept it simple, wearing his trademark plaid shirt, an ordinary denim jeans and a pair of my Converses. If he just amped up his aggression, I would totally let him have me right here, right now, but I want to make Liam see red. 

We all take a listed van to a nightclub and I immediately go to the bar to take shots. If I was going to do this, I needed a little liquid encouragement. Louis sat beside me on the barstool, playing with his just-fucked hair. He grinned, leaning in. 

“Best sex so far,” he whispered, looking at Harry sauntering nearer. “Don’t think I don’t know your game, Zayn. You’re basically wearing what girls would call their fuck-me-pumps, and I could hear you guys having sex, if that’s what it really was, cause to me it sounded more like an intense game of Scrabble. And you want my opinion. Do it. Make Liam so fucking jealous that he takes you home and pounds the shit out of you until you’re bleeding,” he smiled, “because there is nothing more better than jealous-anger sex.”

“Tell me about it,” I said, ordering another round of shots. “I’m gonna drink until I get enough courage to talk to the hottest guy or girl in this place, and make Liam so jealous we’re gonna have our first bathroom sex!” I squealed. 

Louis chuckled, waving over the blonde bartender. “Everything my friend orders is on me. Got it, sweet lips?” He winked at the guy. “We’re gonna try and give him the best sex he ever had!” 

The bartender just smiled and rounded a line of shots for both Louis and I. Tapping our glasses on each one, we downed another five shots in ten minutes, and I could already feel a little buzz. It wasn’t enough so I ordered me and Louis cosmos, sex on the beaches, and whiskey sours. Liam had come over to us, wrapping his arm protectively around my waist, whispering that I should slow it down, but I ignored him. He, Niall and Harry were having boy talk, and Louis and I were giggling like teenage hyenas, making fun of absolutely nothing. 

After a good amount of counter being taken up by our empty glasses, I stumbled out of my seat, me and Louis holding onto each other for dear life, so both of us wouldn’t make asses of ourselves and hit the ground flat in the face. We . . . wobbled to the crowded dance floor, Louis drunkenly scoping out the scene and then finding a six-foot tall, manlier, more muscly version of Liam, and both Louis and I squeaked like little girls. Louis pushed me towards the hot hunk of muscle and I stood in front of him, stuttering on my words. 

The handsome guy smirked wrapping an arm around my waist and leaning down to my ear. “Looking for a good time,” he whispered. 

I blushed, nodding. Liam had to be watching me like a hawk. 

If he noticed every crack in the cement, and every blockage that I could bump into when walking into the club, he could watch his own boyfriend flirting with a tall ass hunk of steel. At first I felt a little bad about doing this to Liam, but if I wanted him to have angry sex with me, I had to take the necessary precautions to get what I wanted. What I so desperately needed. 

I wasn’t pulling any punches. “How badly do you want to hurt me?” I asked, slipping my hand