writhe without their usual pressure, trying to contort their way through his skin. He’s aware of his body lashing out, thrashing in a last ditch attempt to survive, tearing away from the angel’s grip as if he can survive without it. He feels an arm wrapping around his to catch him, but Dean’s body is slick with fresh blood, and Cas’s fingers falter around a gash on Dean’s wrist.

He crashes to the floor. The impact is slightly softened, slowed by Cas’s failed attempt to catch him, but it still feels like hell. His teeth seem to clack against the roof of his mouth, biting into the soft vein, or they sink into his tongue. He’s not sure what’s possible anymore.

The poison in him keeps getting hotter, rising through every layer of his skin, every organ, and every bone. Unmistakable like the bitter self-loathing he’s carried with him for most of his life, he’s being burned alive in his own skin. He has enough clarity in him for one thought - just enough to wonder if this is similar to his mother’s death - he sees himself ripping out Yellow-eyes’ throat a thousand times more than he’d ever dreamed.

The rage suffocates with the rest of him.

His heart shudders. It relieves the pressure for an instant, and he sucks in a lungful of air, icy against the inflamed, infected tissue. The black pooling in his vision relents, and resumes its assault as his heart fails to move. His mouth is bloody, but he can’t remember his body moving enough for it to travel up his throat. With it coating his skin, filling his mouth, and probably oozing from even his eyes at this point, it feels as if he’s only made of the slick, burning red.

The air in his lungs escapes and they start to scream again.

His insides twist and he knows he’s going to throw up. Something feels disconnected and he can’t, finally burnt out by the poison. Whatever it is, it’s the first thing to go.

His heart contracts again, less forcefully, and he’s gasping another breath. Something presses into his forehead, and his body slows, his muscles relaxing.

Sound. He can hear coughing, something like claws scrabbling on wood -

“Dean-!”

No, he thinks. If I’m going to go – don’t make me stay.

Cas is hovering over him, and he can’t think why his eyes have suddenly decided to work again. His heart is losing to the agony, each second is a second it is silent. He knows it won’t be long until the brain damage starts. In the middle of choking, he realises he can’t feel his skin tearing as his body lurches. The broken bone in his arm no longer jars. The gashes on his skin are no longer. His arm is whole.

His skin feels dry, but -

“Dean – I -”

Dean breathes, but there’s no relief. His heart – his heart –

“I know, Dean – I’m-”

It squeezes again, allowing a few seconds of something more aware.

Cas is shaking, smeared with blood he knows belongs to him. He’s trying to support Dean with a hand around his neck, an arm around his back. From the angel’s expression, Dean thinks of how many souls must have died in Cas’s arms, begging him for something.

He can’t think of anything he’d want.

“Can’t heal your heart – it’s slowing the poison.”

Dean’s body lurches and he realises it’s a laugh escaping him. Cas is worried about that when his whole body is drowning in the crap and his heart’s nearly dead, of course his priorities are fucked.

It’s so…Cas.

The angel’s so close to him Dean can smell the salt of the tear tracks on his face, a welcome change from the heavy scent of blood. The organ in his chest squeezes pitifully.

“Let.” 

It’s all he can manage past the gargle of blood.

After years of running his hand across the barrel of his gun, the first knife Dad had given him, imagining how it would feel to put a bullet in his mouth, press the cold metal against his heart and feeling it thump against it weakly so he can finally resemble the emptiness inside, he’s sick of waiting.

He’d rather die quicker than this.

Dean fixes Cas with a glare as well as he can as his body jerks again, eyes smarting as he pins them in Cas’s direction, his head falling back. He hopes Cas’ll get it. He doesn’t have time for confusion.

Quivering nearly as violently as Dean, his eyes glow white as he concentrates.

Dean grits his teeth as Cas’s power mixes with the burning between his lungs, and his heart starts beating at a normal pace