told him to pretend I was you, but he actually really liked the idea, so we went with it!” He flashed Viktor a teasing smile.



Viktor’s mouth parted to form a small ‘o’ shape, eyebrows shooting up in surprise. As the initial shock wore off, his expression melted into a devious smile, finger going back to his lips. Only this time, he traced his index finger along his top lip suggestively, staring Phichit down. “Wow. I never realized you two did such things.”



Yuuri tensed as he listened to the conversation between his friend and his lover. Viktor didn’t seem upset by any means. If anything, he sounded as if he was pleasantly amused by the anecdote. Too amused. Yuuri’s eyes moved from one person to the other, finally stopping to take in Viktor’s face turned in his direction. He wore a smile that was normally reserved for coach mode. One that expected cooperation and hard work on his student’s behalf.


“Yuu ri, you’ve been so quiet there  , zvezda moya.  You can’t make Phichit do all the work--I’m so curious to know what happened next!” He reached out to touch one of Yuuri’s hands. 


At some point while Phichit was talking, Yuuri had begun fidgeting with his ring on the table. Something to comfort him during his insecurities. The warmth of Viktor’s palm was far more comforting, easing the tension in Yuuri’s body as Viktor’s fingers interlocked with his. He knew Viktor was doing it on purpose, that he wanted for Yuuri to open up more of himself. That he wanted to hear it from Yuuri because it wasn’t only a defining part in his life, but it was also his story to tell.



Both Phichit and Viktor turned their attention to Yuuri. Phichit was wearing a warm smile, one elbow on the table as his hand rested against his chin. Just like Viktor, Phichit’s expression seemed to be urging him to open up.



Although still holding onto a sliver of anxiety, he figured it was now or never...or later. And he wasn’t sure he would be able to discuss it later without Phichit or plenty of alcohol in his system.



“Umm. I don’t know. What do you want to know, Viktor?” There was an obvious tremor in his voice, but he pushed on.



“Well, what did you do when you pretended that Phichit was me?” He chuckled, clearly tickled at the thought of such roleplay.



“We--umm--fooled around. Phichit had me look at one of your posters while we--umm--,” he turned to Phichit for support, who just motioned with his head to continue, “While we... had sex.” He practically whispered the last bit as his face went hot.



“Wow! Really? How was it? Did you like it? I want to know all about it!” Viktor had become completely animated, eliciting a loud laugh from Phichit.



He was excited? Yuuri let out a small laugh of his own, relief flooding over him as he realized just how okay Viktor was with everything. He gave Viktor’s hand a little squeeze. Phichit clearly knew his fiance better than he did--Yuuri had worried over nothing.



“I’m curious too, Yuuri! We never really talked about it much after that!” Phichit teased in response, rubbing a tear from his eye.



“It was fun. It was good. I’m glad it was with Phichit. He made me feel really comfortable.” Yuuri answered, a smile lingering as he looked at Phichit thankfully.



“Would you do it again? With Phichit, I mean?” Now it was Phichit’s turn to be surprised as he turned to Viktor with a questioning expression.



“Wha--” Yuuri started before being cut off by Viktor’s big smile that resembled a heart.



“It’s okay. I promise I won’t get mad. I just want to know!” Viktor reassured.



Yuuri’s cheeks took on various shades of pink before settling on a blush red. His lips pursed, eyebrows furrowing before he covered his face.



“Umm. I…” He took a moment before moving his head up and down.



He had just admitted to his fiance that he would have sex with his best friend again. He sincerely hoped Viktor would hold to his promise.



“Yuuri!” Phichit latched on to Yuuri in a happy, friendly embrace.



“Well, what about right now? If Phichit is okay with it too, of course.” He gave Phichit a signature Nikiforov wink.



Both Yuuri and Phichit wore expressions of disbelief on their faces. There was no way Viktor had just suggested such a thing. There had to be some misunderstanding.



“Uhh Viktor? Are you suggesting a threesome?” Phichit asked bluntly. Yuuri practically choked.



“Hmm. I hadn’t thought of it that way, but I guess so, yes!” Viktor responded cheerfully.


“Vitya, I think you’re drunk. Maybe we should get you to