mouth shyly

“Can I ask you something Asami?”

 

Asami was busy stroking the Avatar beautiful short hair. “Ask me whatever you want”

“I am not really into this. The first relationship I ever had was back with Mako. And the thing is… Would you like to become us a couple?”

 

Asami could not believe what she just heard. Her head moves down slowly towards her own legs as she ends up in a long, romantic kiss with the Avatar. Several seconds are passing by as the kiss finally ends. Asami blushes but tells the Avatar “That means yes… By the way that was my first kiss cutie”

Korra blushed to those words due it was her first kiss too “M-mine too… And it was wonderful”

 

Korra and Asami are kissing each other full of love and romantic when finally Korra decided to tell her the biggest secret she has.

“Asami? There is something I should tell you” She was sure Asami loves her how she is.

“What is it Korra? You can truly tell me everything” Asami smiled, giving her another kiss.

Korra blushed again and looked at her.

“I am not like normal women you know? I got a…” Korra could not speak it out.

Asami slowly strokes Korra’s leg.

“W-what? That might be not the right moment but again, I thought I would be the only one…” Asami blushed immensely but tried to smile.

 

Korra’s eyes opened a bit wider as she kissed her again.

“I hope you know I love you how you are and I will always love you” Korra said, smiling.

Asami looks into her eyes tries to form words. It finally succeed as she says

“Korra, can you stay here for tonight? I want to share a special moment with you”

Korra didn’t know what to think and even before she could say something Asami was speaking again.

“Don’t think I just want your body. I can wait”

Korra kissed her long and wrapped her arms around Asami

“I would never think that. I love you and I will stay here my one true and only love”

Asami smiles and kisses her. Korra returns the kiss lovely.

 

 

Korra was leaning against Asami’s shoulder as her hand was stroking Asami’s body. The Avatar looked into Asami’s eyes.

“How about we move to the bedroom and push our love a bit further?” Korra said willing to do it.

Asami stood up and helped Korra to do so as well. Due to the fact that Korra was a strong woman she picked Asami up and smiled. “Lead me to your bedroom honey” Korra said lovely.

Asami helped her finding the bedroom and Korra placed her softly on the bed, pulling her T-Shirt over her head revealing her bra. Korra’s soft hands move down to Asami’s pants, slowly unzipping them until it reveals her panties.

“You aren’t wasting time” Asami said laughing.

“I thought a little help might be needed” Just as Korra said this Asami was already freeing her from the dress she was wearing, revealing the beautiful Avatar Korra in nothing but bra and panties.

 

Asami and Korra’s panties are both filled which made them blush immensely. Korra made the next step by opening her own bra, revealing her big breasts in front of Asami.

“Wow, they are just… wow” Asami said as her member got a bit harder.

“I’m glad you like them” Korra said blushing “You’re the first to see it”

Asami slowly opens her bra as well, revealing her breasts “You are also the first to see mine”

Korra feels how her cock begins to harden as she sees her breasts.

 

Asami slowly rubs the bulge inside of Korra’s panties which made her blush even more

“May I see it?” Asami asks a bit nervous as she feels Korra’s cock growing in size.

Korra nods nervously “Of course”

Asami slowly pulls down her panties, showing of the rather large cock of Korra. 

“It looks amazing Korra, May I touch it?” Asami asks shyly.

“Of course my love” Korra says, still a bit nervous.

 

Asami slowly wraps her hand around that big cock of Korra, slowly stroking it, listening to Korra’s moans. “I’d like to try something” Asami said while watching the cock grow in size.

Korra was no longer nervous and smiled “Do whatever you like to”.

As she said that Asami pushed Korra on the bed and lays in front of her, slowly licking her cockhead.

Asami enjoyed the taste and her own cock begins to harden as well.

Korra moans full of pleasure. She never felt anything like that, she was clearly enjoying that.

 

Asami slowly takes her cock insider of her mouth and begins sucking. While she sucks her right hand begins to knead her balls slowly. More pleasure build up for Korra, she was close to cumming but wanted to last longer. Asami was bobbing her head up and down in Korra’s entire length. She wanted everything