it. I know you can’t eat anything you didn’t make yourself. I know that you’ve practically been sleeping outside my door because you’re scared they’re going to do something to me if you’re not close.” Liam wanted to deny that, but he had been sleeping on the couch in Harry’s living room. It was closer to Harry’s room than his, and anyone trying to get to it would have to pass him.

“Okay, the same way you’ve been avoiding me since I was released from the hospital?” Liam questioned.

“I have not,” Harry said crossing his arms over his chest.

Liam gave him a pointed look. “When’s the last time we hung out together?” he asked.

Harry didn’t say anything.

“I’ll tell you. The last time we actually talked to each other was when I was in the hospital and you were going to kiss me.”

“Liam,” Harry sighed.

“No, please let me know if you feel differently now, I’m a big boy and I can take that. But don’t let whatever was in that letter that you’re hiding from me come between us.”

“I’m not hiding anything,” Harry said.

“Can you at least respect me enough not to lie to me? I can tell that you read something in that letter that you don’t want me to know about. It might be killing me, especially since I’m your security guard, but you’ve always made my job difficult so what else is new.”

“I’m sorry,” Harry sighed. Liam wasn’t demanding Harry tell him what was in the letter even if he knew Harry was hiding something and that sent a flood of relief through him.

“I’m scared,” Harry said quietly.

“I’m scared too,” Liam said taking Harry’s hand in his. “At least let us be scared together. We can have each other’s back. Safety in numbers and all that.”

Harry looked at Liam and smiled, “Okay. So can we cash in that raincheck now?”

“Does that mean you’ll be my date to the wedding?” Liam asked.

“Like I’d say no,” he laughed before Liam leaned in to press his lips to Harry’s.

 

Harry didn’t go out much anymore. He was much more content to sit at home and spend time with Liam where it was safe then to go out to a party where there were people he didn’t know and places he wasn’t familiar with.

Honestly, Harry was scared. The only people he allowed at the house were Liam, Aaron, Gemma, Richard, and some of the people on his team that he trusted. Sometimes he wasn’t able to sleep because of the fear and the nightmares it brought him.

It was a night that he couldn’t sleep that he found himself in the living room eating a pint of ice cream and watching a movie. He had finally convinced Liam to stop sleeping on the couch although now he was regretting not having him close by.

A hand landed on his shoulder and he screamed. The ice cream fell from his hands and Harry jumped away from the person holding him. He landed on the floor, his heart beating fast and his mind racing to find a way out of the room to safety. To Liam.

“Harry,” he heard Liam say. He looked up to see him with his hand outstretched to reach for him but he was hesitating. Harry didn’t blame him after the reaction he’d just had to the touch.

His heart was still racing but at least he felt like he could breathe again when he took Liam’s hand. He helped him off the floor but sat him on the couch to calm down as he went to clean up the spilled ice cream. When he was done, Harry’s pulse was back to normal and he sat there feeling like an idiot for freaking out like that.

“You okay?” Liam asked sitting next to him. “Sorry, I scared you.”

“It’s okay. I’m fine,” Harry said.

“Want to talk about it?” Liam asked.

Harry shook his head so Liam sat back on the couch and put an arm around Harry’s shoulders. Harry leaned his head on Liam’s shoulder and the two of them sat there for a little while watching the movie Harry had on.

“I’m scared,” Harry whispered after a few minutes.

“Because of the letter?” Liam asked.

Harry nodded, “I can’t sleep. All I can imagine is him getting to me and the things that he wrote he’d do.”

“Nobody’s going to get you while I’m here, okay?” Liam said sincerely.

“That’s the thing. He wrote all the ways he wants to kill you in that letter too,” Harry said his breath hitching. “It was awful.”

“Hey