attention when biking but I was listening to a song I ju-”

“You’re still in contact with that spiky idiot?” Imaizumi smirked leaning on his car door. After high school he’d lost touch with all of them. He’d tried to keep in touch but between university and his family and his job it had gotten hard. Miki still sent him updates on how everyone was doing occasionally but they weren’t really informative. 

“Imaizumi!” Onoda grinned as he recognized Imaizumi. “You got taller, Naruko is going to be furious.” 

“He didn’t grow at all huh?” Imaizumi chuckled and pulled out a card which he handed to Onoda. “I’m going to be late if I don’t run but text me okay? We really should get back into contact.”

“Not a whole lot no.” Onoda shook his head standing up and straightening both his bike and himself. He had grown several inches just after high school. A last minute growth spurt that put him almost half a head taller than Naruko and almost as tall as Manami had ended up being. He looked down at the card and nodded. “Yeah I’ll call you.”

Imaizumi nodded and rushed off into one of the nearby buildings. Onoda shook his head as he got back on his bike and took off. Honestly his friends were always in  such a rush. 

It took almost a week before Imaizumi had some free time to visit that worked with Onoda having free time. In fact most of their high school friends were able to make it. Manami was, unsurprisingly, late despite the fact that the dinner was being held in his and Onoda’s flat. Naruko, Tadokoro, Teshima, and Aoyagi were all picked up and driven over by Makishima, or more accurately by Makishima’s driver. Toudou showed up moments after them complaining that Makishima had left him behind, to which Makishima just shrugged. Miki, Aya, and Kanzaki were all late but that was because they’d had to close the shop before they could come over. Kinjo was also late because of work, his students were getting close to competition season so practices ran quite long. Other than Toudou and Manami none of the rest of the Hakone team could make it. 

By the time Imaizumi got there though everyone was crammed into the flat and chattering. Naruko and Onoda were easily working around each other in the kitchen, they had after all done this plenty of times over the last few years. 

Onoda ducked out of the kitchen to welcome Imaizumi with a grin.

“I thought you said this was going to be a small gathering?” Imaizumi asked as they walked into the living room and everyone came into view. 

“Most of the guys from Hakone we kept in touch with could make it, even Miyahara couldn’t get away from her life.” Onoda shrugged. “I guess we’re just used to a lot larger gatherings.”

“Onoda! I only have so many hands something is going to burn!” Naruko’s voice from the kitchen made Imaizumi twitch slightly as he glanced around. 

“Go say hi, me and Naruko will be done cooking soon enough.” Onoda gave Imaizumi a tiny push towards the others and darted off into the kitchen. 

“I can’t believe he stayed in touch with everyone…” Imaizumi muttered and then jumped when there was a noise of agreement from beside him. 

“Are you really surprised though? His friends are the most important thing to Sakamichi.” Manami smiled at Imaizumi who just stared at him. “He’s glad you’re back.”

“Uh, thanks?” The confusion must have shown on Imaizumi’s face because Manami chuckled. He didn’t elaborate though just walked towards the others. Everyone grinned and nodded at him when he said something, though Imaizumi didn’t quite catch what he’d said. As Imaizumi watched everyone more or less settled into seats. Makishima and Toudou ended up next to each other and Imaizumi still couldn’t figure out whether Makishima was annoyed with or pleased by Toudou’s attention. Tadokoro was a loud as always as he talked to Aoyagi, who was as quiet as always. Teshima sat close enough to Aoyagi they might as well have been in each other’s laps while he talked to Kinjo and a few others. Miki and Aya were in each other’s laps and in between Kinjo and Kanzaki. Watching them all Imaizumi found himself smiling, he was glad to be back too. 

“What Hotshot are you suddenly shy?” Imazumi jumped as Naruko’s voice came from just beside him, as no one else turned around he decided Naruko must have been quieter than he thought he was. 

“Just thinking, it’s a thing some of us do on occasion.” He glared at Naruko who just grinned at him. 

“Well if you’re not sitting down then you’re going to help carry food. It’s ready and there’s a lot of it.” Naruko’s laugh sounded exactly like it had in high school. When he turned to head back to the kitchen Imaizumi followed him without any further