anything you could have possibly found sexy. But there was other things. His chains. Jongin's chains that were probably used one day to contain him in hell. 

 

Lest we forget the blindfolds. Possibly Jongin’s favourite.

 

When Jongin had found Sehun in that room, he used a blindfold. The blindfold. The one made of pure silk that was rested over Sehun’s eyes as Jongin whispered that he would only ever use the best on Sehun.

 

“Come on pretty,” Jongin calls. “Come sit before me.”

 

Sehun trips over his own two feet whilst trying to get to Jongin, the desperation to touch and feel his favourite thing clouding his mind. He can hear Jongin tutting at his clumsy action in the distance but doesn't take too much notice. He should do, but he's concentrating on the contour of Jongin’s beautiful face.

 

“Kneel.”

 

The voice rings in his head, those very first words that Jongin ever said to him in such a sexual manor riling him up.

 

Sehun like always obeyed, setting his palms on his thighs again but this time enclosed by the strength of Jongin’s thighs. No, they don't touch him, but they're like a barrier to keep Sehun in place and stop him from running like he once did.

 

Once. That was all. He couldn't understand why Jongin was doing this. Why Jongin would love him. Why Jongin would want him. It was incomprehensible to Sehun because this was Jongin. Kyungsoo’s Jongin. The fan’s Jongin. But never his Jongin.

 

And he ran.

 

Ran away from the mess of it all and ignored Jongin’s pleading calls to come back. He didn’t want confusion; Sehun wanted more than that. Understanding to why this happened.

 

And Jongin told him.

 

Jongin told him he loved him because he was special. Jongin told him he wanted him because he was a creature that made everyone lust for him. Jongin told him that he was doing this because he loved and wanted him. He was Sehun’s Jongin. No one else's.

 

“Slow like always, baby,” Jongin coos, a flattened palm reaching out to Sehun’s head. He runs his fingers through the freshly silvered locks of hair that Sehun sports, humming to himself. “My favourite colour.”

 

Sehun’s too absorbed in Jongin to pay attention to the words Kai speaks. He instead watches. Picks up on every scratch, every bruise and every crevice he could find on the flawless body of Jongin’s. He caused those scratches, he admired those bruises and he worshiped those crevices.

 

He wasn't even interested in the flushed red, hard cock that waited for a taste. No, Sehun didn't need that right now. He needed Jongin.

 

Jongin; Jongin; Jongin. 


 


He would have waited for longer if it wasn't for a crazed hand locking into the roots of his hair, pulling his tainted lips forward. Tainted with curses that Jongin has made him say, tainted with cum that Jongin had sprayed.

 

“Mhm, baby.”  Jongin is a talker and Sehun knows it. He lives for those single words that leave Jongin’s lips at a single kiss to his weeping, deep red head that's in dire need of help. “Oh— Sehun.”

 

He, Kai this is, gasps again and makes a grab for Sehun’s hair once more to pull him further into his cock, so that now he was sucking rather than kissing. Though left with shock at the sudden action, Sehun manages to catch his balance and bring his hand to Jongin’s shaft.

 

A stroke in the right direction and Sehun has Jongin hanging of his every move, so ready and eager to have his little boy take his cock.

 

“Shit, Sehun.” Jongin hisses when Sehun’s tongue starts to work. He finds that vein that Jongin likes having attention paid to and runs his tongue right down it.

 

“Feel good?” Sehun says, voice muffled by the cock that's stuck in his mouth.

 

Jongin groans lowly, so lowly, at the vibrations that follow Sehun’s words. He twists his fingers into Sehun’s hair, tighter until it's basically forcing Sehun to take him all.

 

Sehun is practically choking by now on the cock that he loves so much. Jongin is forcing in his entire length and whilst Sehun loves to please Jongin he's not sure how much longer he can take Jongin’s tip jabbing the back of his throat.

 

He can taste the slightly salty precum that's already in his mouth – Jongin was always the one who produced the most precum of them all. Even the most needy of them all, Kim Jongdae, didn't have a dick soaked in precum before Sehun fucked him.

 

Sehun loves the sound of Jongin’s voice and he can't even deny that. Kneeling here now and being able to hear Jongin’s drawn out whines can make Sehun cum in minutes,  without even touching himself. It was just the effect that Jongin had on him