a tad pissed off. That was normal for him though, his neutral face usually looked kind of mad. "Jet?"

He looked up, a glimmer of something Sam couldn't quite pinpoint but he decided not to focus on it. "You feeling better?"

"Yeah," Sam went to him and wrapped him a hug too, surprising him enough that he hadn't quite managed to uncross his arms. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have treated you that way."

"Hey, it's okay." Jet wriggled his arms free and put them around Sam in return, it was a strong hug like always but Sam noticed it felt a little more timid. "We're cool, alright?"

"Okay," Sam grinned as he looked at Jet again, that ugly feeling gone and the look of pain faded from Jet's face.

Dean and Cas looked at each other and smiled, clearly they could see something the other two were missing.



Pleasure My Angel World: Part 8



They decided to spend the night again, why waste a perfectly good bed when they'd just spent the entire day 'relaxing'? Castiel hit the pillow hard, curling up in the sheets without much to say as sleep overtook him. Dean wanted to join him more than anything but he felt he couldn't just drop to sleep without saying something. He slipped out of the bedroom and went over to where the other Castiel sat in the living room. It was another large-scale room and Dean just couldn't get used to the grandiose preferences of this man.

"Cas?" He asked as he entered, smiling a little when the ex angel glanced up from a book.

"Ah, other-Dean, how's it going?" Cas grinned at him, still a beautiful thing to see; aging had been very kind to him.

"It's good, I just wanted to thank you for everything today, we really needed it." Dean's nerves were tingly and he fidgeted with the hem of his shirt, he couldn't explain why this Castiel made him nervous but he did. Maybe it was because he was an actual rock star, a famous celebrity that everyone loved and adored. Maybe it was because this Castiel had children, another Dean's children.

"You're welcome, I noticed you guys are still pretty, well, uptight, but I'm sure there's a reason for it. I've never had the fate of the universe on my shoulders but I'm sure there's someone out there who can relate to you."

"Well there is, my Cas is kinda in the same situation." Dean laughed, wandering a bit closer. "But you probably meant a different world version of us, huh?"

"Yeah, kinda." Cas chuckled and put the book down, "You all are very close."

"Well we've gotten pretty tight knit over the last little while, but I don't think we're as close as we could be." Dean shrugged and looked around the room as he tried to find something to occupy his hands or mind. Why was talking to this guy so hard? He was just Cas.

"How close do you think you could be?"

Maybe because he used to be an angel? No, he'd met a fallen angel before. Or perhaps because he was much older? No, his Cas was centuries old too. "I don't know, I just get the feeling that Cas and I could be better. I'm pretty new to this priest thing and he's been at it for a long time so we're not exactly in sync yet." he paused and pointed at Cas, "And not the boy band!"

"No worries, wasn't gonna go there." Castiel smirked as he lifted his hands in defense, "Regardless though I don't think it's something that can be measured. You four are very close already, yeah there are some kinks to work out but that's where all the fun is. Getting to know one another more intimately, seeing something you'd never seen before and discovering your friends and family for who they really are. You grow with them, you change with them and that's where life happens. It's not where you end up, Dean."

Dean had heard those kinds of things before, in movies and stories and whatever else that would ever say the words 'it's not the destination, it's the journey.' But when he heard it from someone as old as this Cas, as this angel turned human, it felt like it meant more. "Thanks Cas," Dean smiled at him and turned back toward the hall, "I'm going to hit the hay, we'll probably be leaving first thing so if I don't see you later-"

"Enjoy your time with them," Castiel gave him a little wave, "It's been great having you here."

Dean waved back and went to the