, that wasn’t really true and Levi knew it.

Levi brought his horse to a stop. There was no point thinking about it when he didn’t know Eren’s side.

“Do you two need me for anything else?” Levi called over to where Moblit and Armin had their heads bent over the map draft.

Moblit looked up. “Well, actually--”

“We’ll be fine,” Armin cut in. “Go ahead and head back, Captain. If we have any more questions for you, we’ll ask you tonight.”

Armin shot a glance at Moblit. Mobilt rubbed the back of his neck and nodded. “Yes, thank you for your help.”

He seemed reluctant to let Levi go, but it was too late. Levi was already directing his mare to turn around and begin the journey back to the encampment. 

=========

Of course, since nothing seemed to be going Levi’s way that day, he missed Eren by half an hour.

“I sent him with Mikasa and a few other people to see if that pass five miles south is clear,” Hange said, squinting at a report and scratching the back of their head with a pencil. They needed to get stronger glasses, but that wasn’t exactly a simple errand way out here in the expanded territory. “We’re going to be traveling through that way in a few days, so we need to make sure it’s open.”

Why are you conspiring against me? Levi wanted to ask. First this morning and now this too? But he knew Hange wasn’t doing it on purpose. So instead he sat down across from Hange, began organizing their paper piles in proper stacks and asked, “Do you think Eren wants to fuck me?”

Hange blinked at him owlishly, eyes large behind the lenses of their glasses. “...I’ve got about ten different nosy questions, but I’m gonna be good and say that sounds like something you should be talking about with Eren.”

“He said something weird this morning,” Levi explained, ignoring Hange’s attempt at tact. “And I think he might want to. I don’t know if I should say yes or not.”

Hange leaned backward onto their two rear chair legs. “You don’t want to?” they asked. Levi shook his head. “Then why would you need to think about it? Just say no.”

“I don’t...” Levi clenched his hands into fists and stared down at his white knuckles. He didn’t want to talk about this because it was sticky and private and vulnerable, but he needed some perspective and Hange was the only person he could ask for advice since Eren was involved. “I don’t want things to change. What we have now… maybe it’s kind of strange, but it’s good.” He glanced up at Hange defensively, but they didn’t argue with him. “I don’t want it to change, but… even more, I don’t want it to end. So if that’s what he wants, maybe it’d better just to give it to him. It’s not like it’d kill me to fuck him.”

Hange hummed, chewing on the same end of the pencil they’d been scratching their head with earlier. “What if you end up resenting him though? Wouldn’t that be worse than ending… whatever it is you two have going on?”

Levi thought about that for a moment, then finished straightening the last paper pile and stood up. “I need to find something to do,” he said. “Not your paperwork,” he added when Hange cast a hopeful look at the nearest stack of unfiled reports, and then he wandered off.

Levi chopped firewood, taught three young soldiers how to sew buttons and mend tears, helped prepare ingredients for dinner, and answered all of Moblit and Armin’s questions before Eren finally came back. Levi spotted him walking through camp with Mikasa, wearing the haggard look that always followed long periods of Shifting, but laughing at something Mikasa said. Levi took that to mean that the mission had gone well. Eren felt his gaze and turned towards him, scanning the encampment until his eyes found Levi. Eren smiled, tossed a comment in Mikasa’s direction, and then jogged to meet him.

“You’re late,” Levi said.

“Sorry,” Eren said, sitting down beside Levi. He leaned into Levi slightly and explained, “Everything was snowed in, so it took a while to find the pass. Wasn’t navigable, so I had to clear it.”

“How long did you Shift?” Levi pressed a little more firmly against Eren to take on some more of his weight. Eren wasn’t as warm as usual, which was typical after he’d Shifted for a while.

“About two hours and then another hour later. Mikasa made me take a break in between.”

That was long, though not dangerously so. Levi examined Eren closely. He looked kind of pale, but