winced. “Was it the flexibility comment?”

“It was the flexibility comment,” she nodded. 

Hook cursed under his breath. 

“But…“ Ruby said, looking at him carefully. “I can’t say you don’t have a point. I mean…I am extremely flexible.”

Hook looked up disbelievingly. “Does that mean—?”

“Hang on,” Ruby said, putting up a hand. “Let me just make myself clear. I am agreeing to go out with you. That does not mean I am your girlfriend. It means that we are starting over completely, okay? That means everything.” She raised a meaningful eyebrow. “Okay?”

Hook nodded slowly, trailing his gaze up to the ceiling. “So none of…?” He pointed up.

Ruby shook her head.

“And none of…?” He pointed to the hall with the jukebox.

Ruby shook her head. 

Hook inhaled deeply, nodding his head in consideration. “I can accept those terms.”

“Good,” Ruby said looking down at her hands.

“So…” Hook exhaled, drumming his fingers on the table. “Now what?”

“We could sit…Talk, maybe.”

“Yeah, okay….” Hook scratched the back of his head absently. “So—what should we talk about?”

Ruby shrugged. “I don’t know.”

“Well…” Hook tapped the table a few times. “I don’t know about you, but I find alcohol to be very conducive to conversation.”

“You’re an alcoholic,” Ruby said exasperatedly.

“No, no, love—I’m a pirate. That’s just how we communicate.”

“You can’t keep calling yourself a pirate. You have an iPhone.”

“Only a crappy one,” he said defensively. 

“I don’t care. You’re an alcoholic.”

“Not a violent one.”

“A slutty one.”

“I fail to see your complaint.”

Ruby closed her eyes, bringing her hands to her face. “You are such a little man-whore.”

“Yes, darling, but look—if the man-whore-ness was to go away? This—“ he gestured vaguely at his ensemble—“would go away. You don’t really want that, do you?”

Ruby thumped her head on the table. “Bring on the alcohol,” she sighed. “It’s exhausting talking to you.”

 

 

“Sit down, darlings, please!” Cruella urged, ushering them inside her lavish apartment. Belle gave her an awkward smile as she followed Rumple in, clinging to his elbow. “Sit, sit, sit!” Cruella insisted, waving them toward the expensive-looking couch. “Ursula, get them some drinks, would you? She makes a mean martini,” she added to Belle with a wink.

Belle nodded, smiling uncomfortably. “Great.” She leaned toward Rumple and whispered in his ear, “I don’t want to be here.”

“You think I do?” he muttered back. “Oh, thank you—“ as Ursula held out a glass to him. 

“Thanks,” Belle said, taking hers.

“Sit, darling,” Cruella said, lazily leaning back as Ursula handed her a third glass. “You work too hard.”

Ursula took her seat beside Cruella, draping her arm around the other woman’s shoulders; her eyes gleamed at Rumple, as if to say, Ha, ha—she’s mine. Cruella smiled smugly, flicking her eyes almost derisively at them.

Belle exchanged a glance with Rumple: were these women actually trying to intimidate them?

“So, tell us about Storybrooke, darling,” Cruella said. “I feel as though we barely skimmed the surface the other night.”

“What did we talk about?” Ursula asked. “Oh, yes, how Rumplestiltskin has actually seen fit to let that leather-obsessed pirate whore to live. Gone soft, Rumple?”

“Gone tolerant, actually,” Rumple replied, lifting his chin. “Between Belle and my boy, Neal, I’ve got enough people trying to keep me on the straight arrow for me to actually make the effort. So, yeah, if you want to call it ‘going soft’, go ahead.”

Belle smiled at him appreciatively, taking his hand. “And Regina,” she reminded him. 

“Regina?” Cruella sat up, her eyes moving rapidly between them. “What about Regina?”

“She’s his daughter,” Belle said, not noticing Rumple’s frantic motions to shut up. “Which—“ she snorted—“makes her my stepdaughter.”

“Regina’s in Storybrooke?” Ursula said, as if Belle’s words had gone in one ear and out the other. “Seriously?”

“Yeah…” Rumple said, shifting uncomfortable. Cruella and Ursula exchanged a scoffing look, shaking their heads. “What?”

“No, it’s just… I’m surprised she’s still alive after everyone found out she cursed them,” Cruella said, shrugging. “I know I wouldn't have allowed that. She’s the reason