's right. I'm just gonna spread your cheeks and tear you apart.” Negan's voice is a heated whisper as every twist and wriggle of Carl's body gives friction to his still clothed erection. With the hand that isn't busy holding Carl down he gropes at his arse, his thumb parting Carl's cheeks in search for that hot little hole, and Carl suddenly goes still, his whole body strung tight as a bow as Negan strokes over the tight pucker with the pad of his thumb. It would be so easy to just push in, to pry him open until he'd scream, fuck him until his body was as much of a wreck as his mangled mind. “You're gonna squeal for my like a pig.”

Grunting into the pillow, Carl turns his head. “Just fucking do it already,” he spits out, twisting against the grasp Negan has on his arm, then flails as Negan lets him go, taking a step back.

“You couldn't take it if you tried, boy,” he says casually as he steps around the armchair to where his tumbler of whiskey is sitting next to the map he studied earlier, tossing back a mouthful. “And you need some fucking manners pounded into that broken skull of yours.”

By the time he turns back around, Carl has struggled to his feet, glowering at him from under his fringe. “I take you any day,” he bites back, his cheeks still flushed.

Negan cocks his eyebrow, licks his lips. “Really. You been fingering that virgin ass thinking about my dick every night, kid?” He sets the glass back down. “Is your ass burning for me so much?” He stretches, the kinks of the last days slaughter having built up tight knots in his back. He flexes his hands, the right one aching from the tight grip around Lucille, calloused despite the leather gloves. His fingers drag over the leather of his jacket that he'd put over the back of the couch earlier as he moves to the bed, swinging himself onto it to scoot back and sit up against the headboard. “Why don't you show me?”

Having tracked his way around the room with his eye, Carl glares at him mutely.

“Get your ass up here,” Negan shouts, his tone rising to a demanding order. Carl flinches, but moves closer to the bed, his body radiating defiance with every step he takes despite the delicious drops of precome that are getting the head of his dick wet. Negan deliberately keeps his gaze fixed to it as Carl clumsily climbs onto the bed, making to kneel across Negan's lap. Negan drags his eyes up Carl's shirt to his face, holding his gaze for a long moment. They're rarely this close, this quiet, and for a split second he wonders if Carl will move in, steal a kiss in a bid for emotional connection that he's been denied so far, but it never comes, and before Carl can really think about it, Negan flicks his fingers painfully against Carl's cheek. 

“Wrong direction, boy.”

Confused, Carl frowns until Negan grabs his hips, manhandling him around. 

“Wasn't asking to see your pretty girl face,” he comments as he turns Carl to face the foot of the bed, the windows that are nothing but bare, black holes in the wall, no light from the yard outside reaching them this far up the tower, twisting his body into the position he wants. One hand firmly around his hip Negan rubs the other up the length of Carl's spine to the back of his neck, holding it in a tight grip before he adds pressure, pushing forwards. Carl grunts, resisting for a moment before he bends his spine. 

“Now that's what I'm talking about.”

Kneeling above Negan's lap, ass in the air, Negan can't help himself, both his hands palming at the creamy flesh of Carl's ass, drawing a chocked whimper out of the boy. He must have showered recently, no trace of the last days battles still on his skin, not the stench of death and decay that's still lingering all around Negan and now mixing with the sweet heavy scent of arousal. He massages as the round muscles, feeling Carl twitch, and then leans in, setting his teeth into that delicious meat, biting and sucking until the skin is bruised and Carl is writhing back against his mouth for more.

“You're the sluttiest little virgin I ever met, I should just hole you up with the rest of my wives,” Negan says, his voice low with arousal as he tightens his grip on Carl's ass cheeks and draws them apart, eliciting a needy whine from the boy. He drags the stubble of his beard across his ass as he speaks, hot breath preceding his lips and Carl shudders from head to toe. “I'll train you until your ass is as wet and ready for me as any of their cunts, just waiting to be fucked whenever I fucking want