John’s train of thought.  “Yes, I was shot.”

“What? You were – “  John started, and then he was springing back into action, pushing aside Sherlock’s coat, checking his sides, his chest.

“My arm,” Sherlock said and nodded toward his right shoulder.  “It’s fine, the bullet just grazed me.  They weren’t shooting to kill, just disarm.  It didn’t work.”

“Obviously,” John grunted as he pushed Sherlock’s jacket from his shoulders.  Sherlock hissed but didn’t try to stop John.  John remembered now.  He remembered hearing the gunshot as he ran for the pool.  He’d thought in the moment that it was Sherlock who’d fired, remembered now that a second shot rang out seconds after the first.

Sherlock’s shirt was wet, the arm of the white fabric stained various shades of pink, brown, red from the blood.  John found the tear and ripped it wider to get a better look at the wound.

Sherlock was right, the bullet had only grazed him.  Still, John removed his jumper, wrapped it tight around Sherlock’s arm.  It looked bulky and ridiculous and honestly it probably wasn’t doing much of anything.  It was far from John’s best work.  Sherlock didn’t comment on it though, instead he began to push at the floor with his unwounded arm, turn as he pushed himself to his knees.

“I don’t think you should stand,” John said.

“Doctor’s orders?”  Sherlock asked, but ignored John and stood anyway, clutched at his wounded arm and nearly stumbled so that John felt compelled to reach out and steady him.  Sherlock didn’t shake him off.

Together, Sherlock leaning heavily on John, they walked toward the rubble at the far end of the pool.  John could tell, even from this distance, that Moriarty wasn’t there.  Closer now he noticed the strip of tile cleared of rubble, the red streaks along the floor.

“He was dragged,” John concluded.

“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, his voice loud right beside John’s ear.

“By one of the snipers?”

“Most likely. Size 9 shoe.”  John saw the footprint in the dust as soon as Sherlock voiced the observation.

“But he’s dead,” John said, taking in the blood.  “He’s dead, surely?”

“We’re not dead,” Sherlock pointed out.

“He was closer – “ John reasoned.

“No,” Sherlock said.  “He’s not dead.”

“No,” John repeated.  “How – “

“Look at that pattern there,” Sherlock interrupted.  He released John to point with his good arm to a series of thin lines through the layer of dust left from the explosion.  “His fingers trailed across the floor as he was dragged, but look here.” John looked, saw that where the trail started as three long lines, it quickly changed, becoming two lines and one series of short dashes.

“He was tapping his finger as they dragged him away?” John guessed.

“He was tapping his finger as they dragged him away,” Sherlock confirmed.

“Tapping his fingers,” John said again, horrified that Moriarty could be well enough to display impatience at a time like that.

“Wounded,” Sherlock continued.  “His thigh got the worst of it judging by the location and smear pattern of the blood.  Definitely wounded, but not dead.”

“Not dead,” John sighed.

“This bomb was weaker than the rest,” Sherlock said.  “It had to be.  Moriarty was too close.  It was meant for you, maybe me.  It was mostly meant as an idle threat either way.  It wasn’t meant to hit someone taunting from the other end of a swimming pool.  It wasn’t strapped to Moriarty.  Surviving it isn’t that impressive.”

John took in the gap missing from the second level of the building, thought of Sherlock lying there in the pool, and felt a little impressed anyway.  He huffed and then listened to the sound of sirens approaching in the distance.

“Big enough that someone reported it,” John noted.

“I hope it’s Lestrade,” Sherlock sighed, clearly not up to dealing with anyone else.

It wasn’t Lestrade, it was Dimmick, and Dimmick seemed less than thrilled to find John and Sherlock on the scene.  Dimmick hadn’t been briefed on this case, just happened to be closer.  Lestrade was on his way but in the meantime John paced and kicked bits of concrete into the pool while Sherlock slowly explained what happened a second time from his spot on the floor.  The shock must be wearing off because Sherlock was holding John’s jumper to his arm as though he’d just realized a gunshot wound could be painful.  He was also carefully articulating all of his words as though he was speaking to a small child.

Dimmick was becoming enraged and finally John cut in and said, “I’m sorry, Sherlock’s been shot.  Is the ambulance