had ever seen it. It took at least a full minute before he nodded, mutely, to allow the elder wizard to continue.

“Thank you, my lord.”

A blink of green eyes accompanied by a movement of the head that just fell short of becoming a headshake answered his worlds, as if to say don’t thank me just yet.


I thank you for giving the chance, not for granting it.



Still, it would be prudent to give thanks again once I have achieved my goal.



If I achieve my goal.


He took the time to think over the next words carefully, weighing them like brilliant but fragile gems meant to become centrepieces for expensive jewellery.

“Would you tell us more, Sir?”

A raised eyebrow prompted the aristocrat to expand upon his words at once.

“Having witnessed your… vision, I would feel much at ease were I certain that your nightly discomfort is allayed to some degree.

Am I correct in assuming that there is currently no one privy to the details of your pains and sorrows?”

Much like the young lord before him had, the ex-lord accompanied his words with a look and a raised eyebrow.

The recipient didn’t show any reaction to the mild non-verbal reproach, but the meaning of his silence was clear. Lucius continued his speech.

“With the situation as it is, it is clear to me there is no one to accommodate you. Not a soul privileged enough to support you in times of duress. I have no doubt that at least one person, likely more than one, must have told you of the merits of sharing your troubles with others. And yet, at present you have no such confidant.

In this light, I urge you to take action in this area. I humbly offer—”

“Why should I hand you the keys to my weaknesses?”

They both knew that the you implied more than just Lucius alone. The elder wizard was also fully aware that Potter knew what Lucius had tried to suggest. And that the young lord knew he knew.

But that wouldn’t stop him.

“May I remind you that our circumstances are perfectly suitable to your needs? Completely isolated, wandless, dependant, owing you multiple life debts, standing on the lower moral ground, magically… inferior. ” Merlin, it hurt to even speak that last word, but he ploughed on: “Most of all, a willing audience whose judgement of you does not matter.”

And that too was a fact; between Lord Potter and the Malfoys there’s no love lost regardless of the sky-rocketed pile of debts. They weren’t his friends or allies—had never been—thus any disapproval of his actions, of his choices, would have neither impact nor meaning.

Concerning their present relationship, they both were perfectly aware of their respective positions.

Jailor and prisoner.

Avenger and transgressor.

Lord and serf.

Master and pet.

Predator and prey.

A mixture of everything of the above, and then some more. Lucius really hadn’t needed to list any of the advantages his Lord had, but he chose to do so to serve his momentary needs. By reminding Lord Potter of the division of power in this house, the aristocrat emphasized that the pure-blood family was powerless against their lord and, therefore, harmless.

Not worth his time to oppress further.

Useful for serving his needs.

There was no danger of them striking against him—they were anything but stupid enough to do so as long as the chances of any success were nearly zero.

And the chances of that improving in the future were even lower.

Lucius detected a tiny twitch in the young man’s smile. For once, he had no idea what it could mean, but he hoped it was a positive sign. He felt like he stood on the edge of a cliff, debating on taking that final step.


Like a Gryffindor. Only for this one time I do not mind acting like one.


“Your… narrative the other day, please continue. Let us share the weight of your burdens, so that you may find yourself relieved of them, even if only for a short time.”


One jump towards the unknown, tumbling off the edge. Falling into the maws of blackness.



There’s no guarantee that there will be light at the end…


“Very well.”


But there is hope.


Past, present, future. The present takes place now. It changes with everything we do, with every decision made. Born of future, giving birth to past; the present is linked to us by consciousness. It is where we reside, forever trapped inside.

I've been very quick with writing this chapter. Must be because the last one gave me so much trouble... I had the events of this one clear in my head. A little ways below it's storytime again after having had nothing for... six chapters, I believe.For the people who've forgotten: bold text is for the stories Harry tells. 

It has also somehow become a story in a story in a story for a bit (or maybe I should