further and took hold of a box that was on top of the side table. Handing it toward Glorfindel, he said, “I should have a container with lotion in it in this box.”

Placing it on the bed, Glorfindel lifted the lid. Erestor swallowed hard as he heard Glorfindel pick up not the jar, but the item that rested beside it. “So... you still use this?” he asked.

Licking his lips, Erestor gave a nod. “It had once been the handle from a dagger. I broke it in a skirmish one day, knocked the blade clear off. After the battle I came across it and thought to discard it, but...”

“But when you realized how... enjoyable it might be...”

“It would have been a waste of expert crafting to throw it away,” laughed Erestor as Glorfindel lifted the top from the small pot of lotion. He reached into it with two fingers and swirled them around.

“I have an idea,” spoke Glorfindel as his hand reached between Erestor’s legs and rubbed the lotion over his entrance. “I think you’re going to like it. Do you trust me?”

“I... mmm...” Erestor was gently eased onto his back while Glorfindel teased him. “I… uhhh...”

Plunging his fingers into Erestor, Glorfindel said, “I shall consider that a yes.” His free hand took hold of the phallus as Erestor arched his back, curling his fingers into the fabric that covered the mattress. Removing his fingers, Glorfindel touched the metal to Erestor, a cool contrast to the warmth of his flesh, before slowly sliding it inside.

“Want you,” hissed Erestor after he was kissed between thrusts. “Take me,” he pleaded.

Glorfindel left the phallus within Erestor’s passage, and then knelt over him. Dipping his fingers into the lotion, he coated their erections and then took both of them in hand and began to stroke. Erestor continued to beg for Glorfindel to enter him, from sweetened pleas to growled demands, and finally to wordless whimpers.

It was these Glorfindel wanted to hear and took delight in, removing the phallus and wasting no time in filling Erestor once more. Erestor screamed his appreciation into the night, with Glorfindel’s name upon his lips.

- - -

“What is that stench?” asked Erestor as Glorfindel aided him in sitting down at the head table. Legolas, sitting beside Elrond, made a show of sniffing his arms as if he was the source of the offending odor.

“Put your arm down, penneth,” Elrond scolded with a playful nudge. “The border guards rotated last night; those coming back didn’t arrive until this morning. They were worn and hungry, so I asked them to breakfast in the hall before they took to the public baths. It takes all day to clean them after they get in there anyhow; best to let the rest of us get in before they muck them up.”

“It’s ‘them’, isn’t it?” asked Erestor of Glorfindel. Indeed, when Glorfindel gazed over his shoulder, he saw the same rowdy group that had been the cause of the past two months.

“Worry not about them, Erestor,” insisted Glorfindel. “Forget about them.” Leaning closer, he whispered, “Kiss me,” and Erestor did. “When the kitchen maid comes by, what would you like in your omelet? Cheese and mushrooms?”

“Yes, thank you. That sounds like a good combination,” said Erestor.

“And how did you know he would want an omelet?” asked Legolas.

With a shy smile, Glorfindel took hold of Erestor’s hand, lifting it from the dark elf’s lap, and gave it a squeeze. “Lovers just know those sorts of things about each other.” As one of the servers came around with water and juice in pitchers, another came around with a basket of muffins, randomly placing them before each elf, Glorfindel raised his free hand just as a muffin hovered about Erestor’s plate and said, “Is that... strawberry? No, not that one... do you have something else?” Glorfindel apologetically smiled as the server rolled the muffins to the side of the basket he had, and pulling out a raspberry and peach one, set it onto Erestor’s plate.

“He doesn’t much like strawberry muffins,” explained Glorfindel to the trio of elves who had been staring from the other side of the table. Beside him, Erestor squeezed his hand back. “I hope that was alright,” said Glorfindel.

A smile eased itself slowly across Erestor’s face. “I love you.”

“I know,” said Glorfindel as he returned the squeeze, and then waved over one of the kitchen maids to order their breakfast.

- - -

“Just look at them,” growled the leader of the recently returned unit. “He sits up there with the family, ordering what he wants and being pampered as if he belongs with them.”

“With all due respect, lieutenant,” spoke one of the guardians who was not an officer, “if he’s really Glorfindel’s lover