youthful strength balanced Pike’s decades of combat skill. Kirk’s inexperience balanced Pike’s advancing age. But it was that balance – that stalemate – that had been making Leonard’s life so annoying. Every time Kirk tried to corner him, Pike was somehow hovering with an order or an assignment. Every time Pike tried to get him alone, Kirk was somehow passing by with an urgent message. He didn’t mind them cock-blocking each other. Their rising frustration was amusing to watch. But they were cock-blocking him as well. With two such powerful men sniffing around, no one else would come near him. Leonard hadn’t had sex in weeks. He hadn’t ever had a case of blue balls as bad as this and he knew it had to be bad for his health.

Kirk broke free and turned on Pike with his fists, raining blows across his shoulder and arm as the captain defended his head. Seeking to break the barrage, Pike attempted a kick, losing his guard as he did so. As Kirk moved in to take advantage, Pike intercepted. His own blow was solid and crushing, a right hook knocking the younger man’s head to the side with a crack, following through with a left jab. As he stumbled, Pike helped him down with a straight kick to one thigh and a punch into his chest. Kirk grunted in pain and fell.

Masterfully done, thought Leonard admiringly. This really did seem the simplest way to resolve his little problem. It would be useful, too. As a doctor, it was always interesting to watch the ways in which tissue bruised and bled, the ways in which muscles tore and bones broke. And he’d get a fresh brain to dissect from the loser. He wanted to take tissue samples and run them through some tests, see if he could find any differences that explained the genius idiocy of these command types.

Pike dropped with Kirk, landing all his considerable weight on the cadet, laying one forearm across his throat. He knelt across Kirk’s hips in a mount, sinking his mass to prevent the younger man from bucking him off or kicking up between his legs, and rained down blows with both hands straight into the cadet’s face. Kirk, unable to do much more than block, drove his head directly up to smash, forehead to face, with the captain. Pike reeled back, blood pouring from his nose.

They were really surprisingly pretty, Leonard thought, dark blood streaked over pale skin now beginning to swell beautifully. Whoever won was going to be a handful to manage. If they thought he was going to be a sub, well, that was pure fantasy, of course. He was as fond of a hard fuck up the ass as anyone but he was not a man to roll over easily. There was a reason that a wing of Starfleet Medical was named after the McCoy family. And McCoy himself came with quite a reputation.

The murder of his father was not quite what it had looked like. Leonard had genuinely respected the old man. But once David McCoy was crippled by an incurable disease, both men knew that there was only one way forward. The McCoy clan needed a strong patriarch. Leonard had made the end quick and merciful.

The murder of his father-in-law? Now that was exactly what it had looked like: neither quick nor merciful. Just desserts for the old goat, in Leonard’s opinion. Starfleet might be a convenient way to avoid civilian justice but it was also a superb setting in which to hone his already-formidable medical skills. What he didn’t know about chemical castration or intentional scarring wasn’t worth knowing. Dr Leonard H. McCoy was not going to offer his ass up to just any pimply cadet or no-name instructor with aspirations and a hard-on. But saying no to the likes of either Kirk or Pike… that was a different story, and a much more dangerous one. Good thing he enjoyed danger.

The nature of the fight had changed while McCoy had been musing. With both men tiring, the struggle had devolved into scrapping. They were rolling on the floor, Kirk in close and personal, arms round the captain in a tight clinch, wrestling up against him. Leonard at first thought that he was trying to avoid the older man’s powerful fist or get in a few low blows himself, but then he started to wonder. Apparently, so did Pike.

“Dammit, Kirk,” panted the captain, “it’s a fight to the death, not a fuck.”

“Fighting always gets me hard. You’re pretty fit for an old guy.” Kirk had managed to pin Pike and was writhing on top of him. “Besides, Captain, one of us leaves here in a body bag. That means no more sex, ever! Jeez, but that’s serious shit.”

Pike snorted an incredulous laugh. “That’s what worries you about being dead? No more sex?”

Kirk licked lasciviously at the blood trickling from Pike’s nose.