him up with sensation.
 
When they break apart, his breath is shaky, and his face is tingling.
 
He takes a moment, just a moment, to bask in being the full focus of Thor’s smile, and then he dives back in, looping an arm around Thor’s neck to keep him close. It’s been such a long time since he kissed someone and meant it. He won’t count that time with Natasha; the difference between that and this is like night and day. They stand necking in the hallway for long minutes, and Steve feels the electricity flowing through him like blood, reaching all his extremities. It’s not painful; it’s like being thawed out, finally being brought back to the right temperature several years after his actual defrosting.
 
“How are you doing that?” he asks, when he finally feels he’s had enough to risk taking a break. 

“Doing what?”
 
Thor looks innocent, but Steve can see the twinkle of mischief in his eyes.
 
“That,” he says, running his fingers gently up and down Thor’s back in imitation of what he’s feeling. “The…tingling.”
 
“It is merely a side-effect of being the god of Thunder.”
 
Steve frowns. “But you’ve touched me before and I haven’t felt it.”
 
“Well, I have to turn it on,” Thor intones, looking very innocent and serious, and Steve knows he’s kidding him now, there’s no way he doesn’t know the double meaning of that.
 
Thor holds his gaze for a few moments before even he can’t keep a straight face any more, and he bursts out laughing.
 
“I am sorry, I couldn’t resist.”



Steve grins back, unable to begrudge Thor the joke. “So how does it work? Why don’t I feel the lightning every time you touch me? And how do you know you won’t kill me with it?”
 
Thor considers. “Mjölnir is more subtle than that, my friend. As long as I am holding it, I have the power to use the lightning. And I have held it for centuries; even I am not so slow-witted that it did not occur to me to test its capabilities, find other uses for it as well as violent ones. Hammers can build as well as destroy. Gentleness, sometimes – ” Thor pauses to brush his lips against Steve’s again, and another spark jumps between them that makes Steve gasp “– can be as convincing as strength.”
 
OK, if Steve hadn’t already wanted to go to bed with Thor, this would have been what would have won him over. “Have you been practising that smooth talk for centuries too?”
 
“Perhaps. Is it working?”
 
Steve laughs. “Yeah, I think so. Though you’d have gotten me there without it.”
 
“You only want me for my hammer?”
 
Thor has the greatest deadpan going, it’s kind of ridiculous. “Absolutely.”
 
“Then let me show you what it can do.”
 
Despite Thor’s commanding tone, he still leaves it to Steve to lead the way, so Steve does, taking him by the hand and dragging him inside, slamming the door shut behind them and then bolting it for good measure. Thor raises an eyebrow.
 
“You don’t want to be interrupted?”
 
“Kind of a moot point when Stark can just fly in through the window, but it’s a gesture.”
 
Thor laughs. “I am sure Stark has better things to do than spy on us. Although,” he drops his voice conspiratorially, “we could give him quite the show, I am sure.”
 
Steve shivers. “Yeah?”
 
“Yes.” Thor tucks the hammer into his belt and kisses him again, crowding him against the locked door, hands resting on his hips and fingertips burrowing under his t-shirt. The contact of Thor’s fingers on his bare skin sends more electricity skittering through him, and he bites down on the tip of Thor’s tongue in retaliation.
 
Thor makes a low growl into Steve’s mouth and breaks away, his fingers gripping him harder. Despite his earlier orgasm, Steve’s hard again, has been hard since Thor showed up in his doorway. He feels an answering hardness as Thor grinds up against him, and he steps back, surprised.
 
“See how you are making me impatient?” Thor murmurs. Then he takes in Steve’s expression and grins. “You cannot think that I do not want you? That this is for your benefit only?”
 
“Well…”
 
“Why is it so difficult for you to believe that I may enjoy your company? That I may want to bring you pleasure out of my own desire as well as for yours?”
 
“Well, because you’re –“ Steve breaks off and gestures at Thor, “– and I’m, and…” He’s not sure where he’s going with this.
 
“Let me reassure you, my dear friend, I have