.

There's a long pause. The boy seems to fidget.

"Well," he says very slowly, his face turning red, "your eyes remind me of someone. They're so blue."

Viktor tenses, silently thrumming like a live wire.

"I think I'll call you Vik. How does that sound?"

Viktor nearly explodes, hopping up on his hind legs in excitement.

Vik! he barks, I am now called Vik!

This is a good name. His boy is very smart.

Somewhere in the depths of his doggy mind, Viktor is thinking of Katsuki, and the way his face had looked as he named him.

His eyes remind the boy of someone.

"I'm Yuuri, by the way," the boy says, seemingly not embarrassed to be formally introducing himself to a dog.

Yuuri!

Viktor shakes his head, ears flopping, and Yuuri laughs and scratches behind them. Viktor wiggles, snuffling at Yuuri's robes. His nose trails lower, and he pokes it curiously between the boy's legs.

He smells like Yuuri!

Yuuri yelps a bit and pushes his head away. Viktor shrinks back. Bad?

But Yuuri keeps patting him softly as they continue along the corridors, and soon they arrive at Gryffindor Tower.

Yuuri drops to his knees to throw his arms around him. Viktor licks at his ears, whining. Is Yuuri going? He doesn't want that. Yuuri should stay.

But Viktor reins in his thoughts as he forces himself away. With one last lick at the boy's palm, Viktor trots off. He can smell Yuuri all the way down to his common room.

He spends a good amount of time screaming into his pillow back in his dormitory. No one bothers to question this. Poor Nikiforov. The stress must be getting to him.

*

The more Yuuri sees Vik, the more he sees Viktor.

Completely unrelated, of course, but still very strange. It's been a strange few weeks.

Viktor stares far more often than usual. Sometimes it takes him a moment to look away, as though no longer hiding his frank gaze. Yuuri might go so far as to call it gawking, but that's just another ridiculous fantasy of his.

He seems to pass much closer, and Yuuri finds himself bumping into him surprisingly often. Literally. They'll brush shoulders sometimes when exchanging places on the pitch. Yuuri can swear that he's doing it on purpose. 

Yuuri nearly faints when Viktor pulls him aside one day.

Yuuri exits onto the grounds, ready to spend a bit of his free time under the sun. He sees Phichit in the distance, making his way towards their usual spot by the Great Lake.

He's hardly lifted a foot in that direction before Viktor steps towards him, seemingly from nowhere.

"Katsuki! A quick word?"

Yuuri gapes at him. A word? Possibly a second word? Perhaps several? With Viktor Nikiforov? 

He nods, feeling his face go numb as Viktor smiles at him.

"Only a few days until our first match. Nervous?"

Yuuri is nervous about his own existence in general, but he nods again. This makes Viktor laugh.

"No need to be afraid! I don't bite, you know." The corner of his mouth twitches as he says this. Yuuri swallows hard.

"I-I guess, er, yes, I'm a bit nervous." He eyes dart to and from Viktor's. They're so blue. They remind him of something. But he can't think straight.

Viktor leans forward a bit, and Yuuri tries very hard not to faint.

"If you'd like," he begins in a conspiratorial whisper, "I can teach you a few things. Seeker to Seeker."

There are a lot of things Yuuri would like Viktor to teach him. But he suddenly feels a burst of proud and stubborn defiance.

"That's alright," he says, watching the shock slowly bloom on Viktor's face with his every word, "I think I can handle it on my own. I'll see you on the pitch, Nikiforov."

Viktor looks absolutely thunderstruck, and Yuuri turns quickly and walks off before his legs turn to jelly. He had just done that. He had sassed Viktor Nikiforov. He had sassed a Head Boy, a Captain, a perfect student. His head is spinning as he drops down next to Phichit and a few of his fellow Ravenclaws.

"Was that Nikiforov just now?" Phichit looks thrilled, leaning closer, eyes alight with excitement. "What did he say? Did he threaten you? Did he flirt with you? Yuuri, did you just turn down Viktor Nikiforov?

"I haven't done any of those things," Yuuri says, blushing hard. He hears someone scoff behind them.

"Someone like Katsuki, turning down Viktor Nikiforov? In his dreams."

Yuri Plisetsky sneers down at their group, looking very smug in his Quidditch gear. The Slytherins must have just ended practice. He tosses his blonde hair, his eyes piercing through