down harder and harder, Haruka’s already frenzied heartbeat sped up it’s symphony of dread.


Makoto, where are you?!


Just as Haruka was about to shout, his eyes focused on a small figure, being pulled to and fro at the mercy of the powerful waters. Squinting even more, a similar figure appeared and disappeared beneath the blanket of each oncoming wave.

“Is that – ”

Haruka didn’t even wait to hear what Nagisa had to say. That was definitely Makoto.

“Call Amakata-sensei!” was the last thing Haruka shouted before diving headfirst into the depths of danger.

~

The water was alive. So alive, so powerful, so cold. For the first time in his life Haruka felt unwelcomed by it, as if it were waiting for its chance to dispel him or bring him under. And for the first time in his life, Haruka finally understood Makoto, even if it was just a tiny fraction of what Makoto felt about the ocean.

The harder Haruka swam, the tougher it was to get to Makoto. The tides pulled at his limbs, the water slapped his body. It was painful, it was tormenting, and Haruka felt weaker and weaker as his chest started to grow colder and colder. Breathing was oh, so hard.

When the chestnut hair was almost within reach, Haruka sped up and got hold of Makoto. The body that was so muscular, so strong, was now but a lifeless weight in Haruka’s arms.

The waves crashed over each other, constantly swaying Haruka in different directions. There was nothing in sight except the dark sinister waters that were now threatening not just his, but Makoto’s life as well. And with the added weight on his body, Haruka wasn’t sure he would find land anytime soon.

Luck proved otherwise, and the waters calmed ever so slightly, pushing them in the direction of Sukishima.

~

Haruka was not aware of anything at all. Not of how the sky kissed the ground through the soft pitter-patter of a slight drizzle. Or how the waves playfully covered the shore with increasingly gentle movements. It was only Makoto.

Makoto. The stable rock on which Haruka had stood and lived on, for all these years. If Haruka were a building, Makoto would be his stable foundation. If Haruka were a ship, Makoto would be his harbour. Makoto was the only one, the only one who had been Haruka’s shelter in the time of storm. The only one who had uplifted him when he needed it the most. The only one who had never left him. There was always solace in Makoto, had been, and would be for a long time, Haruka was sure. Or had been sure.Haruka had never planned for this to happen.

After all these years of becoming one with the water. After all these years of him accepting the water, and the water accepting him. After all the trust and love that had been built up, all Haruka was left with was an unconscious Makoto and a burn of fear, worry regret in his chest. He should’ve known. He should’ve known better than to let Makoto please the other team members. He should’ve known what a big lump of selflessness Makoto was, and had always been. He should’ve known.

Lying beneath him on the wet sand, barely breathing, it was as if Haruka’s life was on the very edge of disappearing. His limbs were burning from exhaustion but he couldn’t care less at this point. His very being was about to crumble to dust.

“Makoto! Makoto! Oi, wake up!”

Shaking Makoto’s shoulders only to be greeted by a deathly silence unnerved Haruka so much he felt sick right to the stomach. He almost lost all composure, almost wanted to break down and scream, but visions of the choking spluttering Makoto just moments ago in the ocean brought Haruka back to earth.

“Someone…” he trembled, “Is anyone there?!”

He didn’t know what to do. Makoto wouldn’t wake up. Makoto. Makoto. Mako –

“Nagisa! Rei!”

Haruka was so desperate. He was so desperate to have someone help him. So desperate for someone to save Makoto. Because he couldn’t do it. After all that Makoto had done for him, he couldn’t do anything. And if he were to walk through a life of endless pain without Makoto by his side, Haruka would rather die than accept that reality.

But no one came to his aid. No one answered his cries. Was this the punishment for being so self-centred all those years? Was this the punishment for not caring much for others? Was this his punishment, for taking advantage of Makoto this entire time? The things he had kept to himself not to hurt others. The thoughts he buried in his mind and shielded from Makoto’s knowing eyes. It could not have been any clearer than glass – he had been hurting Makoto this entire time. Makoto, who was always so caring despite Haruka not responding. Makoto, who was always