I mean, it's probably very intimidating to see me use such advanced magic!"     "Hah it's fine Pap. You can do what you need to do I don't mind. I'll try not to be too intimidated." She smiled at him and he blushed a bit. He then grabbed the movie she brought at put it in while she opened up two sodas. The two settled on the couch next to each other as the movie started up. Papyrus decided to try out the soda that the human brought and with some concentration created his bladder. He took a sip of the drink, it was really good! He'd never been one to drink sugary drinks, always claiming it would ruin his "battle-body", but he understood why so many people enjoyed them.     By the time the movie was over, Papyrus and the human had finished half the pack of sodas. Then the human insisted that she had to show him some funny videos on his computer in his room so they headed up the stairs. He ignored the slight tingle in his bladder, he knew he could wait way longer! The two settled in some desk chairs and the human started searching for the videos. Papyrus found they had a very strange sense of humor, some of the videos she showed him had very lewd jokes. But he supposed some of them were funny all the same. He especially liked the ones with little stick men making jokes of all sorts. After a bit he decided to show her his favorite MTT show, Cooking With a Killer Robot. He loaded up some of the episodes and they began to watch them. He opened another soda while they did this and the human looked at him curiously. She paused the video suddenly.     "Hey Pap... You might want to slow down on those. They go through you a lot faster than water does... I mean I know your magic is super strong but..."     "It's okay human! I can wait a lot longer! My bladder is the best in the Underground!" He nyehed happily and continued the videos. She shrugged and tried to concentrate back on... Mettaton licking the syrup off his legs..? What on earth was Papyrus showing her? Well, he seemed to be very into it anyways. He leaned forward and even replied to Mettaton occasionally as if he was there in person. She loved how determined he was with everything. After another hour of rather provocative cooking, the human noticed Papyrus was starting to squirm. She knew he was trying to hold his bladder for her, and she felt herself get a bit hot at the thought. It was just so... enthralling to see him get desperate. She felt a bit dirty for thinking so, but she couldn't deny her love for omorashi. She tapped his arm lightly and he turned to her.      "H-hey Pap... Can we uh, talk about the thing I said when you um... had an accident? I just uh, you seem to be holding it again and it's making me kinda, hot thinking about it..."      "Oh!? Y-you... You said you wanted me to sit on you while I... p-peed right? I don't know why you would want that, it seems so... dirty. B-but, I will admit when that... incident happened, I too got... hot."     "Yeah... I just um, I don't know I guess something about how you look when you're so desperate I just, really like it. And you seemed to like it too... S-so... I mean would you want to maybe, try again? You're getting all squirmy and it's so cute Papy..."      "Nyeh... yes I... I'm feeling rather... full... Hmmm... Okay human! Here, sit on the wooden chair, I don't want to make a mess of these ones."     "Okay Pap..." She scooted onto the wood chair and Papyrus looked at her shyly. He stood and attempted to move over to her, but he felt a sharp twinge in his bladder. He huffed and clutched his pants as he felt his cock form. The human quickly pulled him over to her and she gestured to her lap. Papyrus felt his face grow very red. He straddled her lap and squeaked as she pulled his legs apart. He gasped as he felt his cock jump to attention, making a tent in his shorts. The human let a little laugh escape her as she let her hands fall on his thighs. She really loved how he trusted her like this... it was so sweet... and hot.      "H-human... I don't think... I can hold it much longer... A-are you sure about this?"     "Yes Pap... You're so hot like this... Are you sure about this yourself? I-if you don't want to-"     "N-no! I mean, I like this.. a lot. It feels so... nyeh, intense. C-could you ah, t-touch my ribs?" She