t feel like anything. I think I'd rather burst into flame than not be able to feel."

Now Angel knows exactly what Spike's talking about, because that was how he felt after he met Buffy. He had been safe and secure wrapped in the protective cotton-and-powdered-glass of his guilt and self-recrimination, and then she'd come along and set him on fire. Much as that hurt, he hadn't wanted to let go, hadn't wanted to go back to the dull, even ache of his conscience. So yeah, Angel understands what Spike's missing, though he's carefully not thinking about Spike and Buffy in the same sentence, and not in the same context as himself and Buffy, because he'll never stop loving her and he doesn't want to think about her being anyone else's fire, even—or maybe especially—not Spike's.

And Spike's still standing there, a silent shadow in a black leather straitjacket. A damning reminder of Angel's own culpability. Even without their history, Angel's conscience tells him there are things he owes to Spike; Angel could be—-was meant to be—the one who wore the amulet, who fought at Buffy's side and sacrificed himself. So he says, "Be my hands," because he knows what Spike needs, knows how to give it to him and how to take it from him, and he thinks he can even do it without damaging either of them any more than they already are. Spike looks up sharply, but he's frowning at Angel like he doesn't know what Angel's getting at. "Be my hands," Angel repeats firmly, trying for the commanding tones Angelus always used with Spike, back in the day, "and let me touch you. My palms are on your chest, pressing flat against your nipples through your shirt."

The frown doesn't change, but Spike licks his lips and his shoulders relax and Angel can tell he's recognized the game. With a slow movement, Spike draws his arms slowly back across his torso until he's rubbing and pressing against his nipples with the heels of his hands. His gaze is locked on Angel and now the darkness around his eyes looks less like shadows and more like black coals with hints of heat threading through them.

Angel knows where and how he wants Spike, but his mind is racing to work out the steps in between, to find the words that will get Spike's body and mind from here to there. "Slowly, my hands move up to your shoulders, sliding your jacket off."

Angel's cock twitches at the unselfconscious grace of the motion, the slide of supple black leather down Spike's strong, pale arms to pool on the floor around his feet. But Angel means the game to be for Spike, not for himself, so he ignores his cock for the moment.

"Come closer." The Angelus tone is coming more and more easily and he's not sure if he should be pleased or worried by that, and then it doesn't matter anymore as Spike obeys, stumbling forward until he's standing next to the bed. Angel rolls to his side, head propped up on his right hand so he can see every curve and plane of Spike's body, can watch the hunger and need move across Spike's face.

"My hands clench tight on the front of your shirt, nails scratching your chest through the fabric, and I rip it down the middle," Angel says softly.

Spike blinks at him, the spell momentarily broken. "Hey, I like this shirt!" For all that Spike has always begged—in deed if not in words—to be dominated, he's never made the task easy.

Angel wants to laugh, but that would ruin the mood he's working to build, so he just says, "Fine, I slide my hands along your stomach and up, feeling the play of your muscles under my fingertips as I raise the shirt and tug it off over your head." Angelus would've been angry, would've punished Spike for his insolence, but Angel saves his fury and his punishments for outside the bedroom.

He watches as pale hands mimic his words, remembering the feel of those strong, square-tipped fingers against his own skin, and he shivers. The shirt drops to the floor and Spike is standing there, watching Angel and waiting, so Angel makes a show of moving his free hand down and under the covers, letting his eyes fall shut for a moment as he strokes himself—down and then up—slowly. When he opens his eyes again, he can almost see the waves of tension coming off Spike's body and it makes him smile just a little. He'd forgotten the pleasure of playing with a consenting partner, bending them to your will when they wanted it as much as you did; he'd lumped those kinds of desires—consensual and nonconsensual—together in his mind