slightly as he replied.


“So I assume you faked your own death?”


Gabriel tilting his head for a mere moment to the right as he spoke up.


“And I assume you weren't led into Mensa while I was gone.”


 Once more a confused and yet concerned look appear upon the younger angels face.


 “Where have you been?”


Castiel would now question as Gabriel walked around.


“Oh.. you know, hither with a side of yon. I was hiding, Captain side eye's. In the safest place in the universe, Heaven”


 He would say as he lifted his hands up a tad.


“But then you and the other two stooges had to go and ruin Christmas, now didn't ya?”


Castiel would remain silent as Gabriel spoke, looking to him the entire time as he listened to the older Archangel speak of how he had been hiding and was likely here because of a mess up caused by himself and the Winchester brothers Dean and Sam.


 “Sorry..”


Castiel would reply with before the archangel spoke again. 

“Cry me a river.  Look, I dropped my head. I finally watched Downtown Abby, well then your BFF Metatron sent his minions out looking for me. Apparently he thinks since I'm an archangel, that I have extra juice”


  Castiel's  head tilted as a look of worry appears.


 “That you're a threat?”  



Gabriel gave a nod.


“Yeah, but I got hurt in the fall too. Used most of my juice to get back into porn.”


The archangel seemed to realize when he said that it sounded wrong. 

“That came out wrong.. sort of. The point is, I've been on the run but then a few weeks ago somebody started playing my song.”


 Gabriel would mumble out as he sat himself down on the nearby couch. Castiel would step forward as he spoke.


“The angel siren..”


  The archangel would shake his head as he spoke.


“No.. the horn of Gabriel. One of dads little party favors that I never got around to messing with. Metatron dug it up started blowing. So, I came out of hiding.”


“Why?”


 Barely a whisper coming from the younger angel as he looked upon Gabriel still, who spoke up again.


 “There's safety in numbers, but Metatron was using it to trap angels, not unite them”


 Castiel would step forward as he spoke up.


 “It wasn't Metatron.. it was his second in command.. Gadreel..”


 This seemed to catch Gabriel off guard.


 "Gadreel? That old chestnut? Wow.”


The sound of shock came from the archangel as he looked to Castiel. 

“What do you want from me?”


 Hearing this question, Gabriel would stand up, stepping towards Cas as he spoke.


 “I hate fighting Cassie, you know this more than anyone” Of course Cas knew this, he had for quite awhile, it was why the archangel had left Heaven to begin with, to avoid war.


 “What does that have to do with me?”


 Gabriel stepping forward as his hand cupped the angels chin.


“Everything. You're tired of this as much as I am. We're going into hiding together. Now that I know this, I've got to keep my favorite brother safe.”


 Castiel raised a brow as he eyed Gabriel's hand holding his chin.


 “Gabriel..”


 He would have said more but the archangel would speak up.


 “Shh. Brother knows best.”


With that a snap of his fingers and the two vanished from the hotel room. In a blink of an eye the two had gone from the dimly lit and dirty cheap hotel room to what appeared to be a room that almost looked like the so called safe room that he had once put Dean Winchester into.


 “Where are we Gabriel..?”


He would question as he watched his chin now get released.


 “Home. Well, it looks like home. We'll be safe here. Unless you do something foolish”


Had he put them in something like TV land? Castiel wasn't quite sure, but would he doubt his brother? Doubt an archangel, likely not a smart choice. He had learned how to piss off Lucifer already and he was killed for it for a brief time, perhaps as Gabriel said, brother knows best.. maybe he would just for once take his word for it. 

“How long will we be staying here? What of the rest of the angels? We can't allow them to fall for this trap”


 Gabriel would turn away as he shook his head.


 “We can't help them Cassie, we'd be putting ourselves at more risk if we try to help. Besides neither of us want to fight this war. Let us stay here, be happy! Have a different life. You rebelled, you want something different right?”


Seemed his older brother was correct, he did want something different. No more war, no more fighting.. but was hiding the best choice? He would have likely questioned Gabriel, but found himself remaining silent, as he watched the archangel