at the skeleton, holding the vibrator in front of him so he could see it. Asgore stopped his motions so Sans could inspect it without distractions. He whimpered but didn’t complain as he stared at the vibrator with drunken eye lights.


It was large, almost as big as Asgore’s cock, and looked to be as long. Blue and white swirled together, mixing beautifully. He clenched around Asgore’s fingers.


“I love it, M-Mommy. Please, can I h-have it?” Sans would have tried to get to it if he wasn’t being held down by Asgore.


The fingers left him, and he felt achingly empty. He let out a little whine squirming in Asgore’s hold.


“Ple-ahhh!” His eye lights rolled back in his skull and his back arched pleasurably when the toy was shoved in his pussy without mercy. The stretch burned pleasantly as he clenched around the vibrator. He focused in on Toriel smiling in front of him.


“Hmmn, haah, Mommy!!” His eye lights grew even more hazy as the vibrator was turned on its highest setting. A bit of drool leaked out of his mouth before he could stop it. He barely noticed his lovers speaking to him through the haze in his mind.


There were hands petting his skull while others rubbed soothingly over his ribs, stomach, and thighs. The toy was still at the highest setting.


“-always so good for us. Mommy and Daddy love their little skeleton, love pleasuring him. Love making him feel good. Who’s our favorite little skele?” Asgore nuzzled his cheek.


“It’s, hah, m-me, Daddy~! I love-ah-love Mommy and Daddy so mu-much!” Pleasure sat burning in his stomach, ready to jump and sear through his body at the slightest provocation. Ohh, let him cum.


“Pl...hahh...wa-want to cum!” He shook from the pressure in his stomach, slowly getting harder to ignore.


“Shhh, it’s alright, Sans. We’ve got you,” Toriel cooed, raking her claws deliciously over his pudgy body. A tingly feeling was left everywhere her claws had been.


“Could you form your cute little cock for Daddy?” Asgore’s tongue licked teasingly at his neck. Sans shivered as his magic formed without hesitation or thought, his glowing blue dick already dripping precum. “So beautiful.” Asgore kissed the area between his shoulder and neck, smirking when the skeleton mewled and nodding towards Toriel.


Asgore gripped his hips to keep him still and Sans’s vision nearly whited out when a wet heat enveloped his newly formed cock. Pleasure from one organ was usually great, but from two it was nearly overwhelming, especially when he wasn’t allowed to cum.


“Open yours eyes and watch as your Mommy rides you.”


Sans wasn’t sure when he closed them, but he definitely didn’t want to miss this. He opened them and stared at Toriel, moaning as she fucked herself on his cock. One hand played with her nipple while the other had slipped into her folds to rub at her clit. Sans gave a high-pitched whine as he tried to buck his hips, the coil in his stomach tightening even more as Asgore started stroking his ribs again.


Then Asgore whispered to him like he knew what was going on in his mind. “You don’t cum until Mommy and Daddy have finished.” It sounded low and sensual so close.


Sans was shaking. Toriel’s moans were getting louder and she was clenching around Sans, sending bolts of pleasure screaming through his bones. Asgore gripped one of his ribs then let his other hand roam further down than his hips, playing with his clit before pulling the vibrator out, then plunging it back in.


Sans gave a breathy moan and bucked his hips without Asgore to hold him down. Toriel had slowed down, watching as Asgore continued to pump the vibrator in and out of Sans. He moved in time with her thrusts.


Toriel smirked before speeding up, taking her hands off herself and presenting the one covered in her juices to Sans. He opened his mouth without even being told and licked her fingers, cleaning them obediently. The other hand made its way to his floating ribs, stroking them harshly. Sans arched into her hands, gasping and panting. Tears spilled onto his cheeks at the overwhelming pleasure.


“Hh, hhhng! Ahh!” Sans’s eye lights were blown into wide and hazy hearts, drool dripping down his mandible.


This was a sight that Toriel loved to see. The two boss monsters were the only ones who got to reduce the talkative, pun-loving skeleton to nothing but a moaning, shuddering mess.


Toriel gave a deep moan as her orgasm washed over her. She heard Sans give a loud whine as she clenched around him, struggling against his bonds and bucking his hips wildly. Toriel let out a sigh as the pleasure faded, taking a moment to watch Sans moan and gasp as she recovered. What a cute skeleton they had.


She lifted herself off of him