red in across his forearm: make nice with Spock.

"I've been telling myself all morning that he's not that bad really. When he's not in the room, I can even half believe it. And then he stalks in, all stiffly superior and starts telling me that my reasoning is flawed and emotionally compromised and then I start defending myself and then he raises that god-damned fucking eyebrow and it's beyond the will of man not to respond."

Leonard grabs Jim by the arms, shaking with other man in his intensity. "I know this matters to you, I do! I know you want us to get along. Jim, I'll do anything for you. I'll stop cursing and stop drinking and finally get over my aviophobia. I'll let you tear my shirt on away missions. I'll have sex in the Captain's chair. I'll agree to that threesome with Sulu. Hell, I'll even let you top! Just don't ask me to get along with Spock. Jim, I'm begging you!"

"What? Wait! Back up there, Bones. You'll let me top?"

"God yes, anything other than..."

"Forget Spock. He's a big boy, he can deal with an insult or two. Bones. My cabin! Now."

Leonard grins to himself as Jim tows him towards their cabin. It has taken him less than 36 hours to get Jim to forget about that silly idea. Make nice with Spock indeed? What had he been thinking!

* * *




DOUBLE THE TROUBLE

Prompt by lindmere: Jim: To experience double penetration, by Bones + some other man, woman, or other sentient being.

Jim slid open the door to the VIP suite on board the Enterprise and stopped dead. He'd been invited over for a post-shift drink with Admiral Pike, who they were ferrying to Federation entry negotiations on Vusentalle. He'd been looking forward to some time with his commanding officer (and - he secretly hoped - friend) and was carefully dressed and well briefed, as befitted the captain of the flagship.

However, Pike had apparently decided dressing was optional. Or mostly, anyway. He was lounging on the bed in nothing but pants, a well-muscled chest covered in a thick matt of grey hair prominently on display. Jim hurriedly tried to focus on something else but all he could find to stare at was Bones, his CMO and friend (and - the worst kept secret in Starfleet - regular bed partner) who was apparently equally on board for the uniform optional above the waist regime.

It was one of the few times in his life when Jim Kirk was completely at a loss for something to say. Fortunately the doctor filled the stunned silence. "Took you long enough," grumbled Bones. "We were nearly going to start without you."

"Start what?" Kirk asked, distracted by Bones rising from the bed, grabbing him by the arms and hustling him towards a convenient wall. He was spun around and found himself standing facing into the room, pulled against Bones' warm chest, Bones' arms holding him securely in place.

"You explain, Commander," said the Admiral, "while I get proceedings under way."

"Sir, yes sir!" replied Bones cheerfully. Jim twisted awkwardly to try and see what his CMO was up to. Neither obedient nor cheerful were normally part of the surly doctor's vocabulary. His head whipped back when he realized Pike was pulling his command shirt out of his pants and pushing it and the black undershirt up his torso with warm broad hands.

There was some tussling as the shirts were pulled over his head, with Bones never quite letting go of him. His muffled protests died when Pike matter-of-factly unzipped his pants and pushed them down his thighs along with his briefs. He soon found himself naked, his ass pressed back against a distinctive bulge in his CMO's groin, while his commanding officer gently pinched his pebbled nipples.

"Bones, what the fuck?" he managed.

"Remember that list of new year's resolutions you made a few months back?" Bones asked, his mouth distractingly close to Jim's ear. Jim tried to think, a difficult task when an Admiral was flicking a slick tongue over his nipple while running a broad hand up the inside of his thigh.

"Yeah? Improve crew morale, eat more greens, call my mother? What about it?"

"Not that one," replied Bones, biting his ear as if in punishment for his stupidity. "The other one."

"What other-- oh fuck! Christ, oh god, that's good!" Pike had pushed his legs open and was gently rolling his balls in one hand.

"Just sir will do," said the Admiral dryly, squeezing until Jim squeaked.

"Idiot boy," continued Bones. "That oh-so-private list on your padd that I wasn't meant to see."

"Bones, what--" Jim suddenly stopped. Oh. That list. The