with him, won't you." Atemu said as he went to undress himself. Yugi nodded shyly, being modest as he kept his hands in his lap while Yami soaked. When Atemu joined them, Yami moved. Yugi realized too late that when Atemu placed him into the pool, he was placed on top of Yami's prone serpent half and when it moved, he near scurried away but the coils wrapped around his waist prevented him from getting far.

"What's the rush, little one? You have the best seat in the house." he said with a soft tease in his voice as he emerged from the water, leaving Yugi to the sight of his lightly tanned body shining from the water to etch the image into his mind. "I...I..."

"No need to be shy...we'll take good care of you." Atemu whispered, the hiss of his serpent tongue leaving a buzzed feeling to take over Yugi's senses. Atemu moved towards the two, a finger caressing his cheek lightly before running up to take a goldenrod bang to twine around his finger as he gazed into the amethyst pools of the younger.

"You know, little flower...you are a beauty. Like the rarest desert flower that blooms when the conditions are right. So delicate and pure...it was definitely a treat to have you guided here." He whispered, his voice a rich baritone that was making all sorts of new feelings flow through Yugi's mind and body, a soft haze enveloping and sweeping him away on waves of content the more he listened to the beautiful voice whispering in his ear.

How ironic the situation seemed as Yugi was enraptured by the clever serpent god as Eve was to the snake that made her take from the Tree of Knowledge. "Oh no...I'm not all that wonderful..." Yugi whispered as he leaned closer to the hand. "Ah, but you are...look me in the eye and try to tell me otherwise..." Atemu purred, releasing the bang from his grip and lifted it, watching as Yugi followed his hand til their gazes met. Yugi couldn't turn away, Atemu's eyes almost hypnotic as he was lost to the swirling haze. "Come now...tell me you didn't really mean that when you said you weren't wonderful..." he whispered.

Yugi tried to deny it but couldn't, he was too lost in the gaze before him. Atemu chuckled as he moved his body, still keeping his gaze to Yugi's. "See, you are wonderful. A wonderful little treasure we want to keep here. And we have plenty of reason why. One of course a special little treat that we only share with the closest of partners." he murmured, a hissing lilt in voice as he continued to speak, a sway in his form that Yugi couldn't help but to follow. "I have you in my gaze, little flower...so why don't we play...listen to my voice and follow my command..." Yugi could only nod once more, swaying with him. "Good...now that I have your undivided attention...touch yourself. Show me the side of you that no one else has seen before..."

Yugi gave a soft little moan, eyes darkened as he moved his hands, placing them onto his chest and slowly teased the pert little nipples there with a thumb and forefinger, breath rapidly increasing as he did as Atemu commanded. "Yes...that's it...don't hold back now...show us more...make a show to please us..."

The words sent a heady thrum through his body as he worked his hands fervently over his chest, gasping softly before sliding his hands down his form, reaching to his still flaccid cock but it was definitely beginning to show some sign from the stimulation he presented to himself. Atemu licked his lips as he watched, serpent body moving to settle over Yami's, providing a back rest for Yugi to lay on as Yami himself raised his body up from the water to give them a full sight of the ministrations Yugi was doing for himself. Face flushed a healthy red, Yugi began to caress his cock with thin fingers, letting out a petite little mewl as his gentle caresses began to bring him to a full hardness. The two gods smirked as they watched before Atemu lowered his head down to his ear to whisper.

"Perfect. Such a divine little body you have. Now time to change up the rules. Now it isn't just me you have to listen to...but listen to my partner god Yami. He is absolutely delighted by your performance and wants to join in as well." he said surreptitiously before giving the ok for Yami to take over for a bit. "Gladly, thank you, Atemu." he said as he raised his upper body a little to face Yugi. His eyes immediately drifted to his, seeing a new haze of cerise flecked with spots of violet. "Such a precious little thing you are, all nice and hard for us. Now, stimulate yourself a little more, why don't