mouths closer together.

Niall smirks at Harry as their bodies mesh together. “Ah, well, if you feel so strongly about that, you should do something about it. I think you’re a man of action.” He breathes against Harry’s lips, before pressing them his own against the younger males; his own fingers trail down Harry’s chest.

Humming into the kiss, Harry’s fingers deftly unbuckle the belt, pop the button, and undo the pants all together. He grins, breaking the kiss and dropping to his knees. He looks up at his teacher with lidded eyes. “Well what do we have here?” he purrs, tugging his shirt off for the older man.

Niall licks his lips as he watches Harry drop to his knees. “Fuck,” he breathes at the sight, a smirk etched on his lips as his fingers play with the curls of Harry’s hair. He licks his lips before he speaks, “Dunno, maybe you should find out.”

Pushing Niall until he’s leaning against the desk, Harry tugs down both Niall’s boxers and pants, allowing the blonds erection to bob in Harry’s face The brunette licks his lips, eyes never straying from blue as he slowly lowers his mouth onto the leaking member. He moans at the familiar taste, eyelashes brushing against cheeks. He swallows down to the base before sliding back up and beginning to bob.

Niall rests his palms on either side of the edge of the desk as he leans against it. His eyes follow Harry’s ever move as the boy takes him into his mouth. He bites his lip to muffle a groan. “Mmm… been thinking about this all day.” He murmurs.

Harry’s eyes flick up to catch his, pulling up slower than before, he hollows his cheeks, sucking hard, hand reaching to cup sensitive balls. His other hand undoes his own pants, reaching for his straining cock. He groans with pleasure, sending vibrations rocking around Niall’s shaft.

Quivering at the feeling of Harry’s mouth on him, Niall runs his fingers through the boys curly hair as he watches him swallow him down. “Feels so good.” He’s very much aware of Harry touching himself. He closes his eyes at the thought, almost losing control and moaning out Harry’s name.

Harry has to pinch and squeeze the base to keep from cumming as he hears Niall moaning out his name. With a wet sound, Niall’s cock comes out of his mouth. “You want my mouth?” he pets the blonds things, “You want me to swallow every drop while I touch myself.” His voice sounds whiskey rough now.

Niall watches Harry pop off him. He contemplates what Harry is asking. “If you wanna cum like that baby, then be my guest.” He winks, tugging on his hair a bit rough. He just wants to be inside the younger male, whether that be in his mouth or ass, it doesn’t much matter.

The curly-haired boy eyes the desk, dirty thoughts already dancing around his brain. “How about,” he gets off his knees, crowding the blond and letting their dicks rub together. “You. Bend me. Over that desk. And. Fuck. Me.” He punctuated each with a kiss, ending with his tongue in Niall’s mouth.

Niall groans against his mouth, flipping them around so Harry is pinned up against the desk as Niall rubs his hard cock against Harry’s, desperate for the friction. “My pleasure,” his voice is wrecked. He turns Harry around with one last kiss to the lips, bending him over the desk, ass up. “Mmm, yum.” He licks his lips before smacking Harry’s jean clad ass cheek for fun.

Letting a little cry loose, Harry blushes, turning his head to stare at Niall. The excitement and pleasure of having his ass slapped shows on his face. He licks his lips before tugging his jeans to his knees and leaning father over the desk. He wants this so bad; his body trembles at the mere thought of being filled with Niall.

The teacher slides his hand over Harry’s bare ass as he bends over to kiss Harry full on the mouth before slipping two fingers inside; allowing Harry to coat the fingers with his saliva before pulling them out and sticking them one-by-one inside Harry’s puckered entrance. When he’s knuckles deep, he starts to scissor him, opening Harry up for his dick.

Harry has to bite down on his arm to muffle the cries. “Fuck!” his voice breaks and he tries to bare down on the fingers, already hungry for more. “Yeah, please!” he can’t get good leverage to do much, bent over the desk like he is.

Niall makes sure he’s fucking him good with his digits, going as deep as he’s allowed and biting down on Harry’s skin of his back when he does so. He almost loses it when he hears Harry’s muffled groans. “Fuck