get used to the feeling of not being alone anymore. Jongin started staying outside more before and after work, to get used to the crowd. At first, he kept panicking but it got better as time passed. Some days he would still feel inadequate but it didn’t happen every time he was out.

He read stuff online too; about meditation, tips to stop freaking out or to control his breathing and to relax. Dr Kim gave him advices too, of course. He tried to question Jongin about his past, his heartbreaks, the bullying, the loss, or the emotions he feltbefore shutting down. He was gentle about it. He never asked too many questions in one session. If Jongin appeared too shaken, he stopped the session and waited for him to calm down. Usually, he would offer him to stay at the reception with Sehun, the latter giving a glass of water and talking to him about everything and nothing until Jongin was ready to go home safely.

Jongin liked Sehun a lot. He was kind and gentle, always welcoming Jongin with a smile. His smile was nice, soothing. And he smelt really good too. He would talk to him every time, not minding Jongin’s lack of response or weird drawings and awful writing—Jongin stopped writing neatly, it took too much time. Sehun was comfortable. If Jongin has been nervous with him at the beginning, fearing the man would find him annoying or weird, he felt totally at ease now.

Sometimes, Sehun’s eyes would shine at the sight of his drawings—some for work, some personal. Jongin took a habit to show him his drawings as he waited for his appointment. Sehun seemed to like them. Jongin thought he was being polite, trying to appear concerned by Jongin’s life because it might help his situation, but Dr Kim has assured him that it wasn’t the case when he asked. Sehun wasn’t a therapist, he had said, he was just his secretary. Jongin felt lighter after that, less pressured to talk to Sehun since the secretary appeared to genuinely want to talk to him.

Jongin didn’t know how it happened, but he started talking about Sehun in his sessions. Dr Kim had some difficulties not to smile, and he listened to him rant about which drawing he showed to Sehun and what it had inspired him to draw after the secretary had voiced out his thoughts. When he realized what he had said, Jongin blushed and stuttered, clamping his mouth shut.

“You’re free to say whatever you want here,” Dr Kim appeased him. “Even if it’s about my secretary.”

“Isn’t it weird?” he whispered.

“Why would it be? You befriended Sehun on your own, I think it’s a good thing.” the therapist smiled, crossing and uncrossing his legs. Jongin noticed he did that a lot when he found Jongin’s words amusing.

He pouted. “He’s the only one I talk to, excluding you. He doesn’t find me weird, I think.”

Dr Kim nodded. “Sehun likes you.”

Pleased, a smile tugged at Jongin’s lip. “Is it really okay if we talk, you know, since you’re my therapist and all?”

“You’re making progress thanks to Sehun, and his personal life has nothing to do with his job. If he wants to be friends with you, he has every right to do so. As long as it doesn’t impair his job, of course.” the therapist commented kindly.

Relieved, Jongin smiled—a real smile this time. He smiled more these days, his lips lifting up on their own accord every now and then. If Dr Kim noticed, he didn’t comment on it. But Jongin saw how Sehun’s smile would widen when he smiled, his eyes crinkling in joy, so it must be a good sign. Jongin tried to smile more in Sehun’s presence, just to see the joy on his face. It was a good look on him.

“Did you tell your family that you can talk a little now?” Dr Kim changed the subject.

“No, I’m not ready to face them.” Jongin sighed. “I’m scared.”

Dr Kim hummed. “What about your feelings? In our last session you told me you didn’t feel as lonely as before, any more change?”

“I think I feel content sometimes. It’s hard to tell, I feel nothing but it’s not the same as before, it’s not dull or empty. It’s just nice. I feel good.” he replied, playing with his sleeves.

“Any particular reason? When it happens?” he continued, smiling.

“Usually when I’m here, at your office. Or with Sehun.” Jongin paused. “It happens at home too.”

The therapist’s smile widened. “Tell me more. What are you thinking about?”

Embarrassed, Jongin’s cheeks reddened. He knew what Dr Kim wanted