way. You may wonder how he can save the world without a body. Without putting too fine a point on it, he can’t. He has done his part already, providing Heaven’s champion with its sword. Would you ask more of him than that? Nearly every week, too much is asked of Dean. For the purposes of this fic, he has done enough.

What’s that, you say? That was not your primary worry? Ohhh, I see. You are worried that without a body Dean cannot make sweet, sweet love to Castiel. Again, you are correct: he cannot.

True love is thwarted at every turn. Perhaps this is a romance after all.)

We cannot know for certain how long Dean remains in this state, but it must be for at least a few days. Long enough for Michael and Lucifer to rally their armies for the final battle. Long enough for humanity to finally look around them and notice that something is not quite right; rivers of blood, plagues of locusts, the book of Revelation made manifest before their eyes. There are charges of hoaxes and tricks, then accusations of terrorism, and finally declarations of war. Things quickly spin out of control, just as the prophecies foretold.

But do we really care about prophecies or the fate of humanity or even the great battle between Michael and Lucifer? No, we care about Dean and Castiel, and particularly about whether they will actually interact at any point during the course of this fic. (You scroll up to check the header again and, yes, the pairing is listed as Dean/Castiel, so you assume that they will, unless the writer means Dean/Castiel in only a vague, metaphysical way and if that is the case, you will certainly write a strongly worded comment to inform her that such games are not acceptable.) Let humanity deal with the apocalypse as they may, let them learn to curse demons and angels alike, let them beseech an absent God and flee a very present Devil, let them wake up from the dream of ignorance and find, as the Winchesters have known for a long time now, that the truth can be a nightmare.

That is not our concern. Our concern is Dean, hidden away behind layers of powerful protection, and Castiel, booted out of the Host to land alone, in a world that is on the verge of annihilation.

When Dean slowly comes to consciousness it is to a strange, clicking sound, snap snap snap, and Dean is awake.

Hallelujah, you’ve rejoined the world of the living! That's just an expression, you understand, so don't get your hopes up. There is a disembodied voice; not a sound, but something all around Dean, maybe even within him. Did you have a good sleep, Princess? Talking fast, clipped words, smartass.

Gabriel?

My, what a bright boy you are!

Gabriel?! What the hell –

Ah, ah, ah, the voice – Gabriel – chides. I’ll thank you to keep your blasphemy to yourself while I’m lugging you around. The sound of a belch, loud and uncouth, obviously drawn out for dramatic effect. It doesn’t agree with my delicate constitution.

Dean manages to latch onto three words, despite his complete disorientation. 'Lugging me around'? What do you mean – 'lugging me around'?

You’re inside me, kid. There’s a rumbling that Dean recognizes after a moment as Gabriel chuckling. Yeah, you’ve fantasized about that, don’t even try to deny it. And before you start in with the jokes, let me point out that I saved your ass so you have to be nice to me now.

Dean’s in no fit state to joke, or to do anything else. He doesn’t understand what’s happening, not in the least.

Am I dead? he asks.

Hmm. Well, that’s a tricky question. Yes and no. Technically no, because your body is still around, being worn, quite stylishly I might add, by Michael. And the rest of you is here with me, all wrapped up safe and sound. But as to reuniting the two, well, that’s kind of a long shot, so I guess you might as well be.

Fuck.

You’re the one who said yes to Michael, so don’t blame me that things aren’t working out for you. One question, hotshot - what on earth were you thinking?!

I – Dean's not sure what he was thinking. It seemed like a good idea at the time?

Gabriel snorts, a jarring vibration that would set Dean’s teeth on edge if he had any. Typical. You and your brother had an unsurpassed talent for making bad decisions.

Bad decisions! Dean feels his temper flare. Don’t you go second-guessing us. You don’t know what it was like, you self-righteous dick!

Wow! Gabriel sounds irritatingly gleeful. Now there’s the Dean Winchester