." she tells me gesturing me towards the living room. She then walks back into her room to get ready.

I wasn't alone in the living room, though. Safaa and Waliyha were int here with me and kept begging me to take them.

"Zayn, I haven't gone anywhere with you." Waliyha lies.

"Didn't you go to Paris a few weeks ago?" I ask jokingly.

"Zen!" I heard my mom calling my name so I go find her and she just wanted to ask me if she looked okay, I thought she really needed me.

"Mum, you look perfect." I tell her.

"Thanks,sweetheart. You look good too, but what happened to your hair?" she asks reminding me that I did recently shaved all of my hair off for a buzz cut.

"I just cut it all off for a new start." I tell her, "Are you ready to go?" I ask.

_______________

Sitting in the crowd I was nervous, because my name was going to be called to accept an award on my own. This meant I didn't have anyone to say anything for me I was all on my own with this for the first time.

When my name was called the first thing I did was hug my mum then made my way to the stage and looked around at the massive audience. I began the speech with how I wasn't a man of many words and how I usually didn't give the speeches, but the part I was most proud of was when I said, "I'd like to take this moment to thank the four best guys that I've ever met."

Once I got off the stage there was a cheer of applause across the audience. I was so proud of myself I knew I didn't make it this far in my life alone, and I was grateful for everyone that had been there for me since the beginning.

-Harry-

 It had felt like it had been forever since I had last talked to Zayn with Liam. But in reality it had only been a little over a week.

 

I decided to fly to L.A to see some of my associates and to just enjoy myself for the break that we had before touring again.

 I was on my way to going out with Jeff and some of his other friends that lived here with him."You ready?" he asks me grabbing his wallet.__________________

 

 At the club he saw a few of his friends on the dance floor so I told him I'd be at the bar if he needed me.

 

At the bar I began to order drink after drink to drown my sorrows and regrets. It seemed to be working pretty well , because I ended up getting a number. I just don't remember who gave it to me.

Once we left the club I was a drunken mess.

 

When I woke up I had a massive hangover and checked my phone to see I spammed Zayn with drunken texts.

 

 Harry:  I miss you a lot

 Harry:  I'm tired rn

 Harry:  I got a number last night,;)

 

  Those were few of the many texts that I had sent with no response in return. But its not like I cared if he texted in the first place I was learning to move on.

I decided to text whatever number I'd gotten last night. It was girl I guess you could say she was quite fit, but I wasn't really into girls all that much they were cute and all but they just didn't do it for me.

I spent all day flirting with Avery over the phone and sending jokes that were hilarious.

I think title says it all, sort of.

Bringing back memiories


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

-Harry-

Avery:

Where are you now ? ;)

Harry:

On my way to Summertime Ball

Avery:

I miss you

Harry:

Same

"Who you are texting? Is it Zayn?" Niall asks peeking over my shoulder.

"Nobody you know." I say putting my phone back into my back pocket. I didn't want to anyone to know about Avery, because she wasn't anyone serious to me. I hated to admit this, but I was just doing this to show Zayn how it felt.

We breezed through the pre show interviews and pretty soon we were on stage. I loved being on stage it was like the place I was meant to be, when I'm there I forget about the all the worries of life. Nothing else mattered except giving my fans a good time.

When we'd gotten off stage there were a few fans backstage that were eager to meet us. I signed many autographs and gave a countless amount of hugs to everyone that stood patiently waiting.

Once we were officially backstage and away from our anxiety ridden fans we were met by interviewers.

"Guys, we have the international boy band, One Direction here with us." the interviewer tells the camera.

All she did was ask us the usual questions what we look for in a girl , our favorite super powers and all those