that was just long enough to not scream 'marine' as Dean would say. Least it was more practical than Sam's.

A moan pulled his attention back to the bed. Sam. 

"What happened?" a groggy voice floated out over Dean's shoulder. The adjacent IV pole John hadn't noticed before swayed. A muffled gasp nearly had John sitting up.

"Hey, hey," Dean hushed. "Where do you think you're going?" The chair creaked as Dean leaned forward, reaching out a hand. A soft whimper and Dean made soothing sounds to the occupant on the bed. 

"Deep breaths, little brother. The stuff they gave you before surgery is probably wearing off now."


Surgery?


"S-surgery?" Sam unknowingly echoed. "I don't—" A sharp intake told him memory was flooding back at the same time it did for John.

He could hear the roar of the Gwyglli, the sharp report of his shotgun. 

Dean shouting, Sam screaming, and a shadow darting towards Dean too fast for John to leap past his own salt lines. 

He remembered the creature barreling at him, how his head made a loud crack against a tree. As darkness took over, he heard the beast again, and saw Sam darting past the salt lines, heedless of his own safety, running in front of a stunned brother trying to get up from the ground. 

Damn it, I told him not to pass the salt lines. John thought he'd drilled it to the seventeen year old enough without needing to tell him again before this hunt. He tried to clench his hands only to have the left hand spasm and that was when he noticed the snow-white bandages.

"The Gwyglli!" Sam blurted out. "Dad—"

"Where are you going?" Dean rose to his feet, stopping Sam from getting up with careful hands on his shoulders. "Dad's right here. See?" Dean motioned to the bed behind him. 

Dean was leaning towards the light over Sam's head. His features now highlighted as he looked across to John's bed. John examined his oldest son from afar. Dean made no sign he was aware of the scrutiny, his attention solely focused on Sam. A butterfly bandage on his head, white gauze gloving his right hand, John wondered if Dean felt like he appeared.  

"Is Dad okay?"

"Dad has a concussion. Nicked an artery on his leg," Dean told Sam in a steady voice. "Doctor said he'll need to stay off that leg for a few weeks."

Something like a cross between a snort and a cough sounded out. "Like that's gonna happen," Sam rasped. 

John scoffed to himself in agreement. 

 "You, on the other hand," Dean sat down on the edge of Sam's bed, blocking John's view of his youngest completely. "Made a lousy scratching post for Fido."

"Kitty," Sam mumbled.

"Eh?"

"Scratching posts are for cats, not dogs." John was glad to hear Sam's voice growing stronger.

"Well, thank you, Einstein for the clarification," Dean drawled. John could imagine the smirk on Dean's face. He was becoming more like Mary every day. John wasn't sure when that started. "You still made a lousy scratching post." 

"Jerk."

"Bitch," Dean returned cheerfully. Abruptly, his voice changed. "And when you get out of here, I am so going to kick your ass."

"Huh?" Sam sounded as surprised as John felt with the sudden turnabout, "What did I do?"

Making a show of getting up, smoothing out the blankets, Dean was silent.

"Dean?" Now it was Sam who sounded worried. 

With a sigh, Dean sat down heavily on the plastic chair in-between the two beds.

"What the hell do you think you were doing back there, Sam?" Dean's voice thinned, the chair creaking as he leaned forward. "Huh? Did you listen to anything Dad was telling you before the hunt?"

Don't cross the salt lines, John thought. His own mouth pressed into a grim line. It was their only protection, the only thing that kept those beasts back. He never should've taken Sam with them. Dean had argued that they didn't need three; that Sam had never dealt with such a creature before, it was fine just the two of them. All the more reason John thought Sam needed to be out there. To learn. To get that experience.

"Sam. What. Did. Dad. Tell. You?" Dean grounded out.

"Don't cross the salt lines," Sam mumbled.

Dean exhaled harshly. "And what did you do?"

"Crossed the salt lines," Sam sighed out and Dean shot to his feet. John could see Dean, shrouded in the shadows in the back of the room, pacing in front of Sam's bed.

"Damn it, Sam. There was a reason for—"

"Dean, it was heading