s thighs and stands up, carrying him to their bedroom.

Liam presses Zayn into the bed, kissing him one last time before pulling a nearby chair in front of their king size bed and motioning for Zayn to start.

Zayn smirks and sits up some going to grab their box of 'toys' they keep in the closet, and places it on the side of the bed. 

Zayn crawls back to the center of the bed, resting on his knees and bites his lip as he begins slowly and teasingly removing his shirt. When he gets it off he throws it off to the side before leaning forward on his elbows looking at Liam,

"You run this show daddy," Zayn bites his lip, "tell me what you wanna see." 

Liam smirks, motioning for Zayn to lose the joggers. 

Zayn nods, dipping his thumbs into the waist band of his joggers before pulling them down, revealing he was wearing no underwear as his cock bounces up slapping against the bottom of his stomach. 

Zayn then sits back on his calves, looking at Liam waiting for him to tell him what to do.

Liam pointed to the box of toys next to him before saying,

"Grab a cock ring."

Zayn swallowed at that, grabbing the cock ring knowing that he probably was not going to be coming anytime soon. 

Liam motioned for him to crawl over, and slid the ring down Zayn's dick that was already leaking with pre come. 

"This is for being a bad boy yesterday." Liam said and then sat back in his chair as Zayn turned back around crawling to the center of the bed. 

"Lay on your back and have your legs spread nice and wide so daddy can see that tight ass of yours baby boy." Liam said.

Zayn practically moaned at that, immediately obeying Liam's orders. 

Liam stood up walking to the box of toys before pulling out the lube and handing it to Zayn and sitting back down. 

"Open yourself up nice and good for me, yeah?"

Zayn popped open the cap, pouring a generous amount on his fingers, "Okay daddy." 

Zayn slowly brought his hand down to his hole, circling it a few times before pushing one finger in, moaning out loud at the feeling. 

He easily pushed in a second finger alongside the first, pumping in and out slowly, trying to reach that special spot. 

Meanwhile, Liam was watching from the chair, cupping himself over his sweats as Zayn added a third finger and moaning out a "daddy!" 

Zayn started rocking down on his fingers to meet his own thrusts, head thrown back and lips parted as he moaned soft "uhs" and a "daddy" everynow and then. He felt close, but knew he couldn't come as he clenched on his fingers.

Liam noticed and said "Stop." 

Zayn whined a little, but pulled his fingers out nonetheless, wanting to please Liam after being such a bad boy.

"Grab the black vibrator baby boy."

Zayn quickly leaned over, finding said vibrator in the box and grabbing it, waiting for Liam's next instructions. 

"Go ahead." Liam said motioning to him as he began to take off his sweats and boxers, wrapping a hand around himself as he watched Zayn.

Zayn grabs the vibrator, using the rest of the lube he had on his hand to coat it, before slowly pushing it in, moaning loudly as the tip hit his prostate perfectly. 

"Fuck," Zayn moans out loud. 

"Mmm baby boy, you look so good like this." Liam says as he starts stroking himself, "Turn it on now."

Zayn presses the button on the bottom as the toy starts vibrating right on his prostate. His back arches of the bed as the intense pleasure runs through his body. He throws his head back against the bed in pure bliss as his body shakes from the pleasure. He wants to come so bad, needs to, but with the cock ring it's impossible. 

He stays this way for a few minutes as Liam watches in awe, chewing on his lip and stroking his cock fast. 

"Alright baby let me watch you ride it."

Zayn clicks the toy off, resting for a moment as he tries to catch his breath. 

Once he does, he pulls the toy out, whimpering slightly at the emptiness, and re positions himself so he's facing away from Liam, and Liam has a perfect view of his ass.

Zayn looks back at Liam, positioning the dildo under himself as he slowly sinks down, moaning out a loud "fuck daddy" as he bottoms out. 

Liam can feel his own self getting closer to the edge and stops for a moment, squeezing at the base of his cock to delay his orgasm.

Zayn makes eye contact with Liam as he lifts up off of the dildo and sinks back down, building a rhythm. 

"How does that feel baby boy?"

"Feels good," Zayn moans softly, "Wish it were you though daddy." 

Liam moans at that and starts stroking his cock once again. 

"'m so wet daddy."

Zayn continues riding the toy for Liam and it's driving him crazy. To