d say that.”

This fucker is smiling. It’s not the first time he’s seen him smiling, but it still makes Katsuki’s insides feeling like they’re swarming with something with his heart leaping, performing all sorts of acrobatics.

“But, you know, that old man of mine… despite everything, he did become one of the best heroes for a reason. You wouldn’t give up your best opportunity, Bakugou.”

Looking at Todoroki was a mistake, something he realizes way too late, because he almost forgets how to breathe.

Whether it’s from the tiny curl of his lips, the insight that shows how attentive Todoroki is when it came to Katsuki, or just being in the presence of someone who grew and overcame so much, it overwhelms his entire being and he’s suddenly hyperaware and terrified of how far America is.

 

  

Graduation comes like a countdown to an impending doom, which makes very little sense. It’s supposed to mean that Katsuki will finally jumpstart the ultimate dream, but now it means something different. It’s scary to think too hard about what different meant, so Katsuki pushes it to the back of his mind, as if that could erase facts and let him escape the cruel reality.

Shifting his focus to re-adjusting—for the nth time this entire evening, his burgundy suit that’s on the verge on suffocating him; his uninterested pair of red eyes gaze around the facility. Katsuki expects nothing less than what U.A. is offering to their graduating students, but it doesn’t mean that he had to like what they were offering.

All the frivolities are unnecessary; the fancy suits, dresses, decorations—everything’s totally out of Katsuki’s element. The only redeeming aspect was that the food is damn good, and he has standards for that shit.

But parties still fucking suck and Katsuki really wishes he could leave.

“Bakugou, my man, can you believe this is really happening?! Y’know, after everything that happened, I really thought this day wouldn’t come, haha…” Kirishima is way too close, but it’s a familiar type of close, so Katsuki lets it slide –like he usually does. Shitty Hair is babbling, rambling, being loud and being way happier than he should, but he can only bark ‘shut ups’ so many times before giving in and enduring the yipping. It’s when Dunce Face shows up that Katsuki hits his tolerance limit and swiftly storms off from the scene, making some excuse about how he needs some air, before the two idiots start fawning and doing whatever the fuck idiots do.

He hears shouts like, “Hey, where ya goin’? C’mon, Bakugou! Let’s party some more!” from behind, but he doesn’t let that stop him, because there’s absolutely no way that he’s going to endure through Kaminari’s dumb as fuck conversations. Contrary to common belief, he’d prefer to keep his sanity when he graduates.

But he swears that God has some vendetta against his sanity, because there’s an all too familiar face greeting him with an all too familiar name.

“Kacchan! I didn’t think you’d show up.”

“I didn’t really have a fucking choice. I’d get my ass beaten if I didn’t go.”

The nerve of Deku to fucking laugh at that, like he’s reminiscing the days of their childhood together or some shit.

“Yeah, you’re right,” Deku gives a worn-out smile, one that didn’t hide its exhaustion while also holding a lot of responsibility and pride, “a lot has happened, huh, Kacchan?”

“Tch, what are you going on about, shitty Deku? It’s just the beginning. I’m going to tell the world who their next best hero is.”

It pisses him off to no ends that Deku gives him this affirmative nod in response. He can tell that there was nothing but determination and willpower coming from this fucking nerd that stuck around in his life since the beginning. That Good-for-Nothing Quirkless reject who never faltered once and kept his held high against all adversaries.

“Todoroki-kun is outside.”

And now this piece of shit is bringing up a bastard that doesn’t matter and has no relevance to anything at hand.

“Wh—the fuck?! Why are you telling me, you piece of shit? Does it look like I give a shit about what the fuck that Half an’ Half is doing?”

“D-don’t get so angry, Kacchan…! A-and we’re in public, too…” Deku’s darting his eyes around in panic, like he’s in fear of being caught for some crime that he never even committed. “I—it was just a hunch, y’know? Y-you looked like… you were looking for someone, so, I thought—”

“Just shut up, Deku! This party is fucking stupid!