the wheelchair from the hospital.”

“Hokage-sama! I have brought the eggs!” Lee holds out an egg to Kakashi.

“Lee, Lee, Lee,” says Guy reprovingly. “In a duel, if one party provides the weapons, the other party must choose from between them! To do otherwise could call the entire integrity of the challenge into question.”

“Of course! How could I be so foolish.” Lee darts over to where Guy is and takes the other egg back from him. “Hokage-sama! Please forgive me and select from among these eggs!”

Kakashi switches to a one-handed grip on his book and gestures with a spoon to the left egg.

“Ohohoho.” Guy accepts the other egg and settles it into a spoon with a keen eye. “Kakashi! Such a bright spring day! Perfect weather for seeing two youth take on their first challenge as Eternal Rivals!”

Kakashi turns a page as Sakura hoists him, the egg and spoon, and the wheelchair above her head without any difficulty. “Alright. So it’s whoever can do the most laps around Konoha without the egg breaking. Any other rules?”

“I trust in your Honour and Pride as a Konoha ninja, Sakura-san!”

“You better not still be reading that smut up there,” Sakura says as she takes her place at the starting line.

Kakashi murmurs, “So disrespectful,” and she hears another page turn.

They take off on the count of three. The first ninety-eight laps go relatively well,  although around lap 36 Kakashi and Sakura almost lost the egg taking a hard turn to avoid some bewildered genin, and from lap 67 to lap 78 Kakashi read aloud from Icha Icha Violence in protest of Sakura’s ill-timed assertion that Kakashi was faking reading the book.

Sakura doesn’t remember anything, however, between lap ninety-eight and waking up in the hospital with Tsunade’s scowling face peering down at her.

“You couldn’t have made it two more laps, Sakura?” she demands.

“You bet that I would win?!” croaks Sakura. “You screwed me, shishou!”

“You screwed me! Do you know how much ryo I had riding on you making it to a hundred laps?”

“My beautiful rival! Happy birthday!”

Sakura sighed and forced a smile. Dammit, she had been hoping to go home after a long shift and invite the girls over for chocolate cake and sappy movies. “Hello Lee. Thank you.”

“You are now in full bloom at last as an adult! A momentous day for you!”

Sakura blinked. “Lee, legally I’ve been an adult since we became genin.”

“How right you are, Sakura-san!”

“And I first killed a man when I was sixteen.”

“And a breathtaking display it was, I’m sure!”

“And I also punched a goddess in the back of the head.”

Lee pressed his hands together rapturously. “Yes! That is my rival alright! That legendary right hook!”

“And I’ve run the hospital for two years now, not to mention that I’ve founded a mental health program? So what is such a big deal about turning twenty?”

Without noticing it, she had fallen into step with Lee, and he clasped a green spandex covered arm around her shoulders. “Oh Sakura-san! Only that I must treat you to your first drink, of course!”

“…my first drink?”

Inexorably they turned into an izakaya, Sakura looking with trepidation at the many, many, many breakable objects. “Quite! And it being your birthday, my lovely rival, it behooves me to pay for as many shots as you can stomach!” He chuckled. “Of course, I can’t imagine it will be that many, so you need not worry about my wallet.”

Sakura’s eyes sparkled. “Alright. But would you excuse me a minute? I need to use the ladies’ room.”

———

“Shots, shots, shots, shots! Woooooo!” shouted Kiba.

“I’m—I’m not paying for him,” hiccuped Lee. “If he drinks—not on my tab, you got that?”

“I think you are addressing the wrong person,” Shino said as he sipped his mead. “Why? Because I do not control the billing of this establishment.”

“Another bottle!” laughed Sakura. “The good stuff!”

At a nearby table, Guy frowned. “I am not sure if I approve of this kind of challenge. Encouraging a young lady to intoxicate herself is decidedly unhip.”

“We did it once,” said Kakashi, sipping his whiskey.

“We did? What happened? I don’t remember that.”

Kakashi chuckled. “I’m not surprised. We were both banned from any establishment serving liquor for two years.”

“Oh, was that why we stopped going to the bar?” Guy tapped his upper lip thoughtfully. “I really can’t remember!”

Across the village, Sakura, Ino, Hinata, Tenten, and Shizune tucked into a deluxe chocolate