Kars was hinting at, as did Joseph; he was pretty sure his brain was being steamed at this very moment.

Then the bra man appeared from behind Kars, his hand seductively going down to Kars’s chest. “I can take care of you.” He suggested as he moved his hair aside and kissed his neck hotly.

Joseph was damn glad Caesar wasn’t here to see this because oh my fucking God, what in the hell was going on?????

Kars laughed softly at the man’s suggestion. “Esidisi…” He called seductively, and ooooh my God his voice just sounded like pure sex. Joseph wanted to cover his ears and look away… but he couldn’t.

Kars closed his eyes in pleasure as Esidisi made his way onto his lap and they started snogging like there was no tomorrow, Esidisi feeling him up, teasing him as he made his way up Kars’s bare thighs but then stopped to run his hands along his back instead.

It was probably the most erotic thing Joseph had ever seen in his life, just as the two pillar men were pitching tents, as was Joseph. Joseph couldn’t help it… blame it on teenage hormones or something of the like, maybe even blame it on the thrill of the situation. But Joseph couldn't help gripping the swollen length over the fabric of his hellishly tight jeans. When would he ever get to see something like this again? Fucking never that’s when. So what was the big deal if he wanted to enjoy it a little, Joseph was pretty sure anyone would drool at what he was seeing before him, just like Joseph was.

Kars seemed to find the situation amusing, a satisfied smirk was playing on his features as he gently pushed Esidisi’s head down towards his groin. Esidisi smiled as well, gripping Kars’s cock over the fabric, just like Joseph was doing to his own. He teased it a bit, even going as far as to kiss the tip before he suddenly flipped the loincloth away, exposing the glory of Kars’s erect member for all to see.

Joseph gasped and gripped his own cock tighter, he could feel it throbbing beneath his pants; begging to be released from it’s prison. When Esidisi’s mouth closed around Kars’s member, Joseph couldn’t help it. It was just too much; he frantically he started to take his belt and zipper down, only sparing one glance behind him before he turned back to the scenario before him.

He groaned instantly as he saw the way Kars looked at Esidisi with his hooded and seductive eyes and the way Esidisi seemed to be absolutely loving it as he sucked Kars off. Joseph felt himself grow hot as he imagined those full lips around his own member, and just thinking about it almost made him quiver

The Aztec like jewellery that covered their bodies, the sweat that was making their tanned skin glow, the definition of their muscles and the expressions on their faces… Joseph starting jacking his cock off even harder, licking his lips as he wished nothing more than to get right back into that room.

Just as he could see the expression in Kars’s face change, his hand gripping harder at Esidisis hair, his breathing getting erratic... the sigh was too erotic and Joseph started nearing his climax. He was close, oh so close, and just before he could feel the tension rising, his eyes drifted over towards Wham who was sitting some distance away. The man was looking right at him, his eyes hard and judging.

This took Joseph over the edge and he came right then and there into his hands, groaning something incoherent as he closed his eyes in ecstasy. Once he opened his eyes again his gaze fell to the ground, and even as he heard Kars moaning as he reached his own climax, Joseph couldn’t look up again. He knew… that they knew…. There was no way they didn’t know he’d been jacking off to them. Wham had been staring right at him. There was no way that was coincidental. Oh my God, this had probably just been an elaborate plan to make fun of the new guy… ha ha, real funny.

Joseph touched his cock again, it was still tingling with post-orgasmic euphoria and he groaned as he gave it some last few pumps. The expression on Wham’s face was etched into his memory and the judging cold stare made him shiver all over and he enjoyed the last pleasures of his orgasm.

Dick inside his pants, Joseph sighed.

This was going to get difficult.

 

 

oh my Goooooood, what a great reception i got on the first chapter! Holy shit, thank you everyone; those comments really brought a smile to my face!But real talk here, i seriously always take things overboard. This here was supposed to have been a one-shot damn it, friends... this is gonna be a good few chapters long... Jesus Christ, why do i do this to myself?Oh well, I hope you guys feel like sticking around for the ride, i think it's gonna be real interesting!