had to use the bathroom did Zayn get up. He tried to help Liam over (there was no way Liam wouldn't topple over), but Liam argued hard, even in his drunken state, and eventually Zayn let him go.

While Liam was in the bathroom, Zayn laughed at Niall who was pushing off the stripper saying, "But me fiancee said no naked ladies!" Louis and Harry openly welcomed the few other strippers, their open relationship never holding them back.

It took a little time, but Zayn finally realized that Liam had been in the bathroom for quite some time. He was worried. Liam could have passed out in the bathroom, or on the way there and he could easily get trampled.

After squeezing out of the cramped VIP room, Zayn immediately began searching for his drunk boyfriend. It was hard, there were more people packed in the dimly lit club than there were when they first came in.

Some pink haired girl rubbing her scantily clad body all over Zayn and as politely as he could, he shoved her away. It took longer than he expected, but Zayn finally made it to the bathroom. There was nobody in there. Not in the stalls or out.

Zayn was nervous. Liam was drunk and Zayn couldn't find him. He went back out to check and see if Liam was there.

Right outside the bathroom door was Liam. Attached to Liam's lips was the same pink haired girl that tried to grind on Zayn.

Multiple emotions bubbled up inside of Zayn. The most distinguishable one being anger.

Liam pulled himself out of the grip of the girl with the pink hair and found a very angry looking Zayn. He tried to apologize to Zayn, but his words came out slurred and the music was too loud.

Zayn was angry. Sure, Liam was drunk, but he was sober enough to know right from wrong. And it's obvious that he knew that he was wrong. He couldn't look Liam in the eyes because Zayn knew that he'd instantly forgive him, because Liam had innocent brown eyes.

No. Zayn turned on his heel and walked out the front door, leaving Liam with the girl and his friends to find their own way home. They always do.

When Zayn got home, he didn't cry. He wasn't sad. He was mostly angry, so he made himself his Angry Tea (which was just regular tea but with more lemon and less sugar) and went to bed, locking the door behind him.

--

The morning was hard.

Zayn woke up in a bundle of blankets, the other half of his bed cold and empty. He began searching for Liam.


Liam.


The memories of the night before came flooding back to him. Niall's bachelor party. Strippers everywhere. Liam drunk as fuck. Trying to find Liam after Zayn caught him with some half dressed girl. Driving home and making Angry Tea.

He was angry of course. Then worried because maybe the boys hadn't gotten home. Maybe Liam hadn't gotten home.

A quick call to a severely hung over Louis who threatened to castrate Zayn reassured him. Liam wanted to talk to Zayn, but he hung up. The last thing he wanted to do right now was talk to Liam.

The rest of the day was hard.

Saturday's are lazy days that Zayn and Liam almost always spend together. Cuddling on the couch watching Disney movies, messing around in the kitchen making cupcakes, a walk in the park if the weather is nice. Things of that nature.

But he couldn't do any of that.

Zayn couldn't even use his phone because Liam wouldn't stop texting or calling. He had to turn it off and hide it from himself.

Louis showed up and tried to apologize to Zayn for Liam. Most of it was just Louis complaining about Liam moping around:

"He's like a lost fucking puppy!" Louis exclaimed, throwing his hands in the air. "Won't stop calling you and leaving you messages and shit. I swear Malik, if you don't get your boy, I'm gonna fling him down some steps."

"Your complex doesn't have stairs." Zayn pointed out.

Louis glared at him. "I'll find some fucking stairs."

--

It was around 9 almost 10 PM maybe when the front door opened. The door was locked, but only one other person had a key.

Liam.

Zayn resisted the urge to fling himself into Liam's arms. Or to even look at him. It was tough because Zayn really missed Liam's strong arms around him and he missed the smell of Liam's pineapple scented bodywash.

Maybe he'd blown things out of proportion, just a little. But still, Liam should have pushed her off of him and gotten himself away. Then they'd be okay.

Liam came into the kitchen where Zayn was and kept his distance. Zayn avoided Liam's eyes, but Liam didn't remove his eyes from Zayn at all.

"I didn't kiss her."