rhythm she set for her slave’s hands.

“Fuuuuuuuuck,” the Marquise gasped. “The pail-” She pointed weakly at a corner of her block. The slave turned, distracted, but it was too late. The Marquise knew herself too well, and she did not like to postpone gratification. The slave looked up, horrified, as the Marquise’s slurry soaked through her shift.

The Marquise leaned back against the wall, breathing heavily and grinning. “Sorry,” she panted. “But my color looks good on you.” The slave, released from the Marquise’s mind control, had turned away. Her trembling was lessening slowly, but the shock and the disgust did not fade from her face.

“Hey,” the Marquise cradled her slave’s cheek in one hand, “that wasn’t soooooooo bad, was it?”

Her tone was remarkably soothing, and the slave shook her head slightly.

“Alright, then let’s get these dirty rags off you.”

The slave’s eyes went wide, frightened, and then very, very cold. She gripped the edge of her shift and lifted it over her head in a single movement. She was no longer shaking. Curiously, the Marquise made her linger as she pulled off her rough-spun girdle, and the trembling immediately resumed.

“But you’re not fighting it,” the Marquise murmured, leaning close to her new lover. “Why do you shiver so?”

The slave looked at her with the same dead eyes she had on Dualscar’s ship. “I have done so much against my will,” she whispered. “I desire to do nothing but die peacefully.” No intonations, no quiver of emotion in that voice. The Marquise squinted thoughtfully.

“Dualscar’s slave, huh.”

“Yes.”

And the Marquise could feel a hot, tight ball of hatred, purer than any black romance, even without probing the slave’s mind. But it vanished as soon as it appeared, and the slave closed her eyes, exhaling through her nose.

The Marquise stepped back, surveying her new prize, and saw exactly what had spurred such deep hate. Bruises and scratches covered the slave’s body, some fresh enough to reveal her jade blood. And on her thighs, hips, and lower stomach the marks of abuse grew darker and more numerous. The slave stood with her legs slightly too far apart, the Marquise realized. Not for any anatomical difference in her hips, but from the repeated and violent injury of her nook.

“I have made Dualscar very, very angry,” the Marquise said softly, “on many, many occasions.”

“Yes,” the slave replied dully. “You have.”

“I did not know he went back to you. You must hate me.”

“I don’t hate you.”

The Marquise scoffed. “You lie. How can you not? I know how Dualscar is; he must have punished you for every insult I ever gave him and made sure you knew it.”

“He did. But I don’t hate you.”

The Marquise scoffed again, hiding her uneasiness. A quick touch of the slave’s mind revealed the truth - no hatred smoldered beneath the surface. She narrowed her eyes and seized the slave by the throat, sharp nails digging into the soft skin. She would not restrict breathing- not yet.

“You don’t hate me. Fine,” she hissed. “Then tell me, slave, what do you think of me?”

“I pity you.”

The Marquise was thunderstruck. “What?”

“I pity you.”

The slave’s voice was calm and unafraid. She betrayed no trace of pain, despite the trickles of blood that dripped from her neck.

“Is that so?” the Marquise hissed. She closed her hand tighter around the slave’s throat, savoring the involuntary choke for air. “You pity me, in my power, in my luck? You pity me because I own you?”

“I pity you because you cannot-” the slave gasped “-you cannot live with yourself.”

The Marquise released her and the slave sank against the wall, coughing and choking on her own saliva. What she learned from Dualscar?

“I can’t live with myself,” she said coldly.

“No.” The slave drew a labored breath. “You constantly defeat others to prove to yourself your own worth, even though you know your luck makes it nearly impossible for you to lose. You cannot settle in one place because you think nobody will accept you. You surround yourself with cutthroats and slaves who either do not care about your bloodthirsty ways or cannot protest them-”

The Marquise slapped the slave across her jaw. “Silence!”

The slave obeyed, but did not remove her gaze from her captor. The Marquise glared at her slave, hating her, hating her pity, her calm eyes, her cool logic in the face of threats. Then all at once, the hatred vanished, and the Marquise laughed.

“I guess I pity you too. You think yourself better than me, when all you really are