but I decided nah, I’ll just recycle that idea for maybe later chapters or something. Unless you guys want to see that added here on the prologue, the only reason I removed it was cause, if I put a line breaker there it seems kinda abrupt? But anyways I hoped you enjoy that.

This fic would probably become one of my longest fics cause of its log-like/ journal-type aspect it has and knowing me, I’m talkative as hell.

Why not join the broadcasting club then, Miss Rose?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


 Chapter 1: Good Morning, Beacon! 


 


[RADIO JUNKIE] ONLINE


 

 

Thursday, May 4, 20XX   0702 AM

 

 


Coco Adel has entered [RADIO JUNKIE]


 


Velvet Scarlatina has entered [RADIO JUNKIE]


 


Ruby Rose has joined [RADIO JUNKIE]


 


 [Good morning, Beacon Academy! This is first year student, Ruby Rose! Bringing you all the news, cool music and... gossips? Okay, well yeah gossips to your hearts’ content! Feel free to send in questions as well.] 


 

Coco: Nice going, Red! For those of you who are new here, I’m Coco Adel. Second year, fashionista extraordinaire and got me some sweet ass buns!

 

Velvet: Coco!

 

Coco: I’m here joined by our newest member, Ruby as you heard from a while ago!

 

Ruby: Hi guys!

 

Coco: And this here chastising me is Velvet Scarlatina. Second year and the one with the sw- Ow! Velv, what the hell?!

 

Velvet: Time check for you freshmens out there! It’s currently seven o'clock in the morning. Before we go into any other activities. We got some messages from the headmaster and from one of the professors. Ruby if you will?

 

Coco: Hey! What about me?!

 

Ruby: Hahaha! Don’t worry, Coco. Anyways...

 

Ruby: Yo! This is Ruby again! For you first years like me out there, Headmaster Ozpin wishes you a warm welcome to Beacon Academy! If you need assistance please go ask any of the staff or your seniors if you see one. And umm… What did Professor Goodwitch told us to do again?

 

Coco: Uhh…

 

Velvet: You guys…

 

Ruby: Oh wait! Okay, for new and returning students. You are to head to the auditorium for the welcoming remarks, introduction of the staff, and also to get your schedule and dorm room number!

 

Velvet: Picture taking for your I.D. will be held at the same place tomorrow A.K.A. the auditorium, be sure to line up according to your branch guys!

 

Coco: Also be sure not to anger, Professor Goodwitch. That’s a warning for ya new little fishies out there. Telling you guys right here and now, if you’re wondering who's the devil in this academy then it’s definitely Professor Goodwitch.

 

Velvet: Coco.. You do know she can hear this.

 

Coco: Velvet. Bunny-cakes, honey bun. I’m giving these poor unfortunate souls some advice. Actual life saving advice! Who knows when will we see them again?!

 

Ruby: She isn’t that bad…

 

Coco: Not that bad? Red, are you kidding me? Have you seen that she-devil? Also by the way freshmen, she’s called the She-Devil of Beacon just so you know.

 

Velvet: Coco…

 

Ruby: Well… I mean, Glyn- I mean Professor Goodwitch is a family friend of ours. She isn’t as scary as you make her to be. She’s.. Well, nice?

 

Coco: Wait, wait, wait! Repeat that again, Red.

 

Ruby: She isn’t scary?

 

Coco: No, before that.

 

Ruby: She’s a family friend?

 

Coco: That! Tell me about that, Red.

 

Velvet: Coco! No!

 

Ruby: Uhh… I dunno, Coco.

 

Coco: Come on, Red! Tell me! You just did announce we tell gossip. Now this! This is gossip! And what better way to start of this new school year? With some gossip of course!

 

Ruby: Fine, but if we get in trouble it’s your fault.

 

Coco: Yeah, yeah. Sure.

 

Velvet: Oh my god…

 

Ruby: Okay. What do you want to know?

 

Coco: Her sex life.

 

Velvet: Oh my god! Coco, no!! Professor Goodwitch is going to murder us!

 

Ruby: Woah, woah! Woah!!! I am not going to do that!

 

Velvet: ...

 

Coco: Oh, come on...

 

Velvet:  Wait a minute. Ruby, doesn’t that imply you  do  know something? You didn’t deny it, you just disagreed on telling it.

 

Coco: Actually, I have to agree…

 

Coco: Velv’s got a point, Red. You definitely know something. So, why don’t just tell us? I won’t tell anyone.

 

Ruby: What?! No!! I am not doing