a position that he wasn't even originally meant to get. She had given him a chance, something nobody else was willing to do, an opportunity to prove himself and he would be eternally grateful to her for doing so and saving him in the process. He didn't know what turn would his life take if it wasn't for that, but what he was pretty certain about was that he would stay in Antarctica until he would have no other choice but to leave the Air Force, and he wasn't sure he wanted to think of what would happen afterwards.

He sighed, stepping a little closer to the wall and reaching his hand out towards the picture, allowing his fingertips to gently brush against her face. It was exactly three years ago that he had seen her the last time; the real Elizabeth, not a copy created by the replicators or a consciousness residing in the body of McKay's creation, claiming to be her but having absolutely no way to prove it. She was much paler than usually, she seemed thinner and fragile, the spark in her eyes was gone, but she was still the same woman that was looking at him from the picture. She was still the same determined person, who would always place everyone before herself and who would do anything, to keep the place and the people she loved safe. Her sacrifice, her decision to stay behind to make it possible for them to escape and get back to Atlantis only proved that.

John had no doubts that there was more to this choice than everyone thought, though. She was aware of her situation since the moment they told her that the only way they managed to save her was by reactivating the nanites in her body. If she returned with them, she would put everyone and everything she held dear in danger. Not that she would do it willingly, but as long as her nanites were active and capable of establishing a connection to the Asurans, she would always remain a threat. And she must have known that they would never even consider leaving her behind, not necessarily on Asura, but anywhere else in the galaxy, on some inhabited planet, where she would be completely harmless. She was one of them, and they would stand by her no matter what. He knew that she didn't leave the puddle jumper with the intent of getting captured by the Asurans and becoming their prisoner, but the moment she understood that it didn't look well for them, she saw an opportunity to turn her own bad situation into something good and useful, and with it all in mind, she didn't hesitate to sacrifice herself for his team, for all of her people, for Atlantis.

He couldn't say that he held her choice against her; he actually understood it. More than once, he was ready to do the very same thing for the very same reason, but it didn't mean that it made him feel any better. Turning around and walking away, leaving her surrounded by the replicators was one of the most difficult things he had ever done in his life, and probably also the most painful one. She told him to go, to leave without her and he listened to her. There wasn't a day, when he wouldn't wish that he hadn't, but he knew that he didn't have another choice. She counted on him and he couldn't let her down, not any more than he had already done. A part  of him never returned from this mission; it stayed behind on Asura with her, with the most important person in his life, leaving a very big wound in his heart, one that might have gotten better over time, but which would probably never fully heal.

He wished that he had at least gotten a chance to say goodbye. To tell her how much he appreciated everything she had done for him, how important she was for him. The truth was, however, that he only fully understood how much he cared for her when she was gone. Oh, it wasn't like he was oblivious to his own feelings; he knew that she wasn't just a friend to him, that his feelings ran deeper and he wished she knew it, too. He liked to think that she did. They might have not have gotten their happy ending, or even a chance to truly explore what was between them,  but he would always have the six weeks they had spent on Earth to hold onto. They were far from being perfect, when they were both struggling to find a way to fit into the life on their home planet again, but they had each other to lean onto and their relationship wasn't bound by any regulations that would stand in their way anymore. They could finally admit that there was more between them and decided to give it a go; they kept it away from their friends, nowhere near ready to announce it, so nobody would ever know. The truth was, though, that as much as he hated that he was forced to leave Atlantis, he was still very fond of those forty days