so you know, you're still being weird." Harry tugs his arm away from Nick and folds it under his head. "This'd better be good, too, 'cause I was really looking forward to you blowing me."

"I'll make it good if I feel like it." Nick settles himself back over Harry's thighs, then slicks up a couple of fingers and slides one in without preamble. Harry hisses. 

"Jesus, Nick, you couldn't have warmed it up a bit?"

"Don't whinge, Harold, it'll warm up fast enough." Harry's tight, which is not surprising: he's been away for more than a month, and as far as Nick knows, Harry never fingers himself for fun. He opens readily enough for Nick, though, and after a minute Nick adds a second finger, watching the two of them disappear into the tight clutch of Harry's arse.

"Let me know when you're ready," Nick says, when he's been working them in and out steadily for a while, and Harry's started shifting back into it. Nick'd normally take that as a sign that Harry's good to go, but he doesn't entirely trust his own judgement right now, with this strange intensity prickling under his skin. "Or do you want another?"

Harry shakes his head, hair shifting on the pillow. "No, 'm good."

Nick wipes his fingers on the sheet and reaches for the condom, then hesitates. They've fucked without a few times before, and they'd both been tested not long before Harry'd left, but. "Haz." He runs a hand down Harry's back. "Do I need a condom?"

Harry turns his face into the pillow, and Nick's heart sinks. They hadn't made any promises, and tour had to have been an endless parade of temptation, but he'd still hoped. But then Harry says, "I don't know, do you?"

"Haz. You know what I mean."

"Yeah." Harry's chest rises and falls under Nick's hand. "I mean - I haven't, with anyone. So. If you haven't either, then you could, if you want."

"Fuck." Nick's heart does a heavy thump-thump, like it's trying to pump too much blood at once. Harry hasn't - they haven't. They're still good. He takes a deep breath. "Yeah, yeah, okay."

Some of his strange urgency had faded with Harry's admission, and Nick feels almost calm as he slicks himself and pulls Harry up onto his knees. "Sure you're good to go?" he asks, when he's lined up. They both like it better bare, but condoms do make it a bit smoother. 

"Said I was, didn't I?"

"Right." Nick takes another deep breath and starts working his way in, slowly but steadily, everything raw and hot and tight without a condom between them.

"Fucking hell, Nick," Harry says, head dropped forwards, when Nick's hips are flush with his arse. He's been breathing slow and controlled, big lungfuls huffing out of him with every inch Nick pressed forwards. "You get bigger while I was away or something?"

"Flattery will get you everywhere, darling." Nick brushes a kiss over the knob at the top of Harry's spine. "You alright?"

"Yeah. Just out of practise, maybe." Harry shifts forwards slightly, and the movement sets off little sparks in Nick's gut. Harry's so tight. "Reckon it'll be better if you just go for it, actually."

"Yeah? Alright. Say if it's too much."

The drag out is just as slow, on the edge of too much friction, and Nick pauses with just the head of his cock holding Harry open to smear a bit more lube on, hoping it'll help. Maybe it's that, or maybe Harry's relaxed a bit, because when Nick drives back in he sinks deep with one stroke, and Harry exhales on a moan.

"That's better. Fuck, you feel good."

Nick gets his hands on Harry's hips and lifts him up higher, pulls out all the way and watches Harry's hole close around nothing, and then fucks back in, deep and smooth, and then does it again, and again, and again.

"Jesus," Harry says, on the fifth or sixth round. He sounds surprised, probably because they usually fuck when Nick's pissed as a newt, and his technique then tends towards the fast and sloppy. "Not that I'm complaining, Nick - fuck -  but what the hell's gotten into you tonight?"

Nick's not entirely sure himself, but he reckons this might be what an out of