when my kid sister terrorized me with the mooing cow."

"Please," Daniel gestured. "I would very much like to see that. Not the mooing cow, the other."

"This isn't something I do for everyone," Rodney warned, shifting to the edge of his seat. Show and tell, he could do a show and tell that would put Samael to shame. Rodney stretched his hands out, palms up on Daniel's desk. "I use the Tetragrammaton, frequently. I have a very nice piece of cloth edged with it that I use for transporting items precious to me. I write it on things that need to stay whole, that need to last through time. Here, give me your pocket knife."

Daniel pulled out his pocketknife and handed it over. "The Tetragrammaton… one of the names of God. But also a magical glyph."

"The Tetragrammaton can also be said. It's a very powerful word, and you don't just say it. It hasn't been said since the Temple was destroyed." Rodney took the knife, and opened it. "So, while I can say it, I'm not, because this is not for any use, it's to show you power. I'm not going to weave a word in the air for you out of nothing, because I'd like to have some energy to drive my car home tonight. So I'm going to take a little of my own blood…" Just a nick on his fingertip, enough to squeeze a couple of drops off.

"So it's easier to access in some forms than others," Daniel put in, watching intently. "That makes sense."

"Blood is very powerful. I don't give mine away, so don't try to get me to do any blood drives," Rodney smirked at him, lifting his finger up, and holding his hand over the bloody tip, leaving Daniel's knife on the table. He drew the blood up into the air in a contained drop, and then formed it into the Tetragrammaton. It was thin, and red, and glistened gold. "I can do this without the item for the structure, because at this point it's a little chicken and egg — which came first, the blood or the word? Well, the word, of course, but then you could say the Blood was the product of the original word and so on. But. We have the Tetragrammaton. Touch it."

Daniel reached tentatively, looking astonished and curious at the same time and reached to touch it. "That looks very advanced…" he said, and then drew his finger back as he made contact. "That's like getting a minor shock!"

Rodney reached up to touch it, and moved it from hovering in the air. It felt wonderful to him, humming, and he held it in his hands. "Really? I find it very inspiring."

"It's quite intense," Daniel said, eyes following the magically generated form. "Are there many others who could do this sort of thing?"

Rodney set it on Daniel's desk. "Yes and no. Many who can, but you'll never meet them. I'd say there are five or six like me, another two or three like John. Dhampirs are maybe thirty in the world. The People number in the hundreds, in quiet enclaves."

Daniel nodded, taking it all in. "How is what John does different to your… way?" he asked, unable to stop touching the enervated item that Rodney was holding.

"John's a warlock." It was simple enough, and he sat back. "True born, long line of them, intelligent, gifted warlock. The clue is in the name. War-lock. He's a war-mage as far as I can tell. I tend to create, to defend. John attacks, he calls." And he was pretty sure John had some Otherkind blood in him, but not one he could readily identify.

"Is that a personality thing or… he has the ability and you do not and vice versa?" Daniel queried again.

It was hovering there, on the tip of his tongue. "Dr. Jackson, I'm not like John. I'm not like you. I'm something else entirely. John's a human Warlock with a solid, stable personality for someone who's been to Hell as many times as he has."

That nearly had the archeologist's eyebrows crawling up his forehead. "If John is a human warlock, then… what are you Rodney?"

"I'm reserving the right not to talk about it," he answered, sitting back. "You can keep that, by the way. If you put it over your door, it's a nice ward that no one from the outside can see."

"Thank you. I appreciate it," Daniel said.

And he had no idea how powerful a ward made from angel blood could be.