way for a couple of weeks now. Starting with a fist fight because Jet just got under his skin and 
pissed him off
. Somehow those irritable blows had turned into them shoving their lips together violently and ever since he’d had visits from the former Freedom Fighter. Almost every other day in-fact.


Jet’s lips were dry and chapped, hot and demanding and Zuko almost let himself kiss back. 
Almost
. Instead, after a few moments of indulgence he shoved at the taller boy’s shoulders and turned his face to the side. 


‘I said someone might 
see
!’ Slightly louder this time, slightly more irritated. Even though Zuko’s cheeks had already started to colour, his eyes were firmly planted on the now dark windows of the tea shop.


‘He’s already gone.’ Jet said, sounding 
smug
. The bastard.


Then his mouth was on Zuko again but this time he felt the scrape of lips and teeth against his neck and shuddered. Both hands grabbed at the cloth covering Jet’s shoulders tightly, white knuckled as he bit back a startled moan. And he felt Jet smirk against his throat at that.


‘Someone could come and-’ But he didn’t get to finish because the hand that had previously been resting against the wall was shoved against his mouth and Jet was 
biting
 at his neck now.


Zuko let out another choked sound though this time it was muffled by the hand against his mouth, the arm pressed against his collar bones moving so Jet had a good, firm grip on the banished youth’s hip. He could have easily shoved Jet away of course, but there was a part of him that didn’t 
want 
to. 


So he just yanked hard on Jet’s shirt and closed his eyes as the bites turned into sucks and he just knew that there would be marks to try and cover up later. 


The hand against his mouth shifted and as Zuko took in a deep, thankful breath two fingers - tasting of salt and Jet - were shoved between his lips. He couldn’t help biting down on them, hard enough to have the metallic tang of blood smear his tongue and Jet pulled away. Grabbing Zuko’s shoulders and shoving him against the wall with a thud and a heated, almost angry look. Except there was hunger there too, hot and wild and dangerous.


They glared at each other for a long moment. Tension heavy in the air between them as it usually was whenever they had these meetings. Heated kisses normally lead to a tense kind of irritation that neither could shift lr quite understand and then they would stalk off in separate directions until the next time Jet decided to drop in and suck face.


But this time that didn’t happen.


This time Jet let out a colourful curse under his breath and kissed him again. This time he pressed the entire length of their bodies together as he did so. And this time Zuko 
felt
  it against his hip. Hot and hard and fuck- 


He did kiss back this time. Closing his eyes and wrapping his arms around Jet’s neck, threading fingers into messy brown hair and holding it in fistfulls as their tongues met. 


There was a quiet groan, though Zuko wasn’t entirely sure which of them it had belonged to. And he was painfully aware of the fact his own pants had become tight in response to the excitement he could feel in the others. They shifted, moving to try and get a better angle as they each fought for dominance in the kiss, and Zuko knew that it was him that had made the noise this time as his crotch pressed hard against Jet’s thigh.


It had never quite gotten this 
intense
 before. Until now they had only kissed and grabbed fistfulls of each others clothing. Not to say Zuko hadn’t gone back to his room after some of their meetings, and pressed his face against his pillow to muffle his heavy breathing as he touched himself. But this time Jet was grabbing his hips and digging his fingers in hard as he started to 
grind
.


Zuko came undone then. He didn’t care if they got caught. He didn’t care what happened as long as Jet didn’t 
stop
.


‘Fuck. 
Fuck
, Li.’ The taller boy groaned out in a hoarse kind of voice as their lips parted just enough for him to do so.


Zuko only arched his back in response, letting his head fall back against the wall as he panted softly. Jet rolled his hips again, this time both of them gasped and he felt the other teen press his face to the side of his neck, mouthing sloppy kisses to the bruised skin there.


They continued on in this way for a while. Holding on to each other hard enough to bruise and dry humping with hard needy movements until it became too much because it wasn’t 
enough
. Then Zuko felt a violent tugging on his belt and before his desire filled brain could come up with an answer as to 
why 
that was, Jet’s hand closed around him and squeezed.


The yelp that came out of him sounded strange to his own ears, he squeezed his eyes