and sits on Jared’s lap, pushing his hair back and whispering, “I’m right here.”

Jared puts his head on Jensen’s shoulder, “Such a long day.”

“I know.” He pets Jared, smoothing down his hair. “You wanna go to bed?”

Jared nods, tilting his head and leaving a kiss on Jensen’s neck.



Jared ignores the sunlight seeping through the curtain, keeping his eyes shut. “Jensen.”

Jensen shushes him and Jared tightens his hold on him, trying to avoid the freezing temperature outside of the covers. He pulls the blankets up a bit more and Jensen sighs happily, tangling their legs together for warmth.

Jared thinks he can work in another hour of rest; they don’t have to leave the house today anyway.



The whole crew is familiar with this by now. When Jensen’s filming, he’s not Jensen. He’s one hundred percent Dean Winchester. And that’s what gets to him.

It’s Jared who always consoles him. “It’s okay.”

Jensen sniffles and says, “Can’t yell at you like that. Makes me feel like we’re actually fighting. Don’t you ever feel like being Sam is too much?”

“Sometimes. But we’re actors, Jen.”

Jensen giggle-snorts and wipes at his tears, “I know. Fuck, I must look like a wreck.”

“If it makes you feel better, you look like a hot wreck.”

Jensen laughs and says, “Thanks, Jared.”

“You deserve a ton of awards for that performance.”

Jensen blushes, “You’re too nice to me.”

Jared beams and says, “I love you.”

“I love you, too.”



Chris doesn’t let him touch his guitar, “You’ll break it!” Jensen doesn’t protest, just stays seated and jumps into the chorus of a completely different song.

Tom says, “He’s got the attention span of a squirrel, I swear.”

Jared shrugs, “Only when he’s drunk.”

Tom looks over at the couch, “Is Mike wasted?”

Mike laughs and shakes his head, “Nah, just listening. I’m your ride home tonight, buddy. I’ve only had two beers.”

“Two times ten!”

Jared starts, “Tom, I don’t think—”

Tom stumbles and ends up in Mike’s lap. Mike asks, “Remind me again how I ended up here?”

Jared shrugs, “Don’t know.”

Jensen’s falling out of his chair and Jared has to catch him before he hits the floor. Jensen stares at him, his eyes wide, “Whoa!” His head lolls forward, hitting Jared’s cheek, “’m so drunk.”

“C’mon, Jen. I think it’s time for you to go to bed.”

Jensen mumbles something about Tom and how many drinks he’s had but allows Jared to take him up to their room and put him in bed. He pouts, “I’m not five.”

“You sure look five right now.”

Jensen groans and rolls over, falling asleep quickly.

Jared goes back downstairs and pats Chris on the back, “I think it’s getting a little late, guys.”

Mike says, “You think so? Dude it’s like two in the morning.”

“Really?”

Mike stands up and Tom uses him for support, wrapping his arms around Mike. He tells Jared, “That was awesome, man.”

Mike snorts. “I’m gonna drive Tom home. You okay to drive, Chris?”

Chris nods, “I’m fine.”

Jared tries to remember how many drinks Chris had to make sure he’s not lying. He thinks he had about three, and Chris can handle his alcohol pretty well. “Alright, guys. See you soon.”

They all say their goodbyes and Jared throws out all of the beer bottles before turning the lights off and heading upstairs. He crawls into bed with Jensen and hears a whisper of his name. He kisses the nape of Jensen’s neck, “They all went home. Get some rest, Jen.”



Jared doesn’t think there’s anything about Jensen that he doesn’t like. It’s kind of ridiculous, but Jared just adores all of him.

“Jay.”

“Hey.” Jared asks, “Do you have a hangover?”

Jensen shakes his head and stretches, “Last night was fun.”

Jared loves seeing Jensen enjoy himself, whether it’s with him or with family or with friends. When Jensen’s happy, the whole room lights up. “Indeed it was.”

“What’s on the agenda for today?”

“We need groceries. And Chad wants to go bowling.”

“Last time we went bowling with Chad, he dropped the ball on your foot.”

“I know.” Unfortunately, Jared remembers that incident. A drunken Chad Michael Murray is terrible at bowling.

“Oh well.” Jensen gets up,