nothing to consummate!"

She couldn't deny that she'd missed the feel of his skin against hers. Sasuke's hands trailed up her silk nightgown, his fingers tracing her navel and the soft underside of her breasts. "We have to wait," she forced out, feeling him grin against her shoulder. "Really, Sasuke. Don't give me a hickey!"

She swatted him away and Sasuke rolled onto his back, laughing, "I won't. Your best friend would probably kill me."

Hinata smiled and moved closer to his side to hug him. "Ino is going to have a fit if she sees you in my bedroom."

"You know, I have a newfound respect and appreciation for Shikamaru. I don't know how he stays sane with a pestering little tyrant for a wife."

Hinata laughed as she flicked on the bedside lamp and turned in his arms, resting her chin on his chest as she looked up at him. "You're still mad at her for earlier, aren't you?"

His scowl made her giggle. "Imagine how she'll get when she sees you here come morning," Hinata reminded him.

"I already spent a long time away from you, I'm not about to waste another night alone in our apartment."

Moved by his words, Hinata whispered, "I'm glad you're here." Sasuke kissed her brow and tightened his hold on her, running his hand up and down her back under the covers when she shivered.

They talked for a while, laughing softly at the memories from earlier that day. From Shikaru tripping and dropping the rings while walking down the aisle to Hanabi giving Sasuke a talking-to, warning him that he better treat her sister right or else.

Hinata woke up the next morning feeling refreshed and fully rested. "Good morning," she mumbled against his shoulder.

"Look who's finally woken up," he teased, ducking his head to land a small peck on the tip of her nose.

He pulled her on top of him and Hinata propped her chin on top of her folded hands, staring down into his beautiful eyes.

After a few silent minutes, she asked, "Sasuke?"

"Hmm?" He looked thoroughly content, his fingers gently tracing patterns on her backside in a haphazard way.

"I'm marrying you today," she said solemnly.

He smirked at her, his dimples flashing on his cheeks. "Yes, I believe you are. I guess I'm stuck with you now, huh?"

Hinata grinned down at him as she captured his lips in hers, and she let herself sink into him, giving in to her tender touch until...

The bedroom door burst open and Hinata and Sasuke stiffened at the sound of a booming voice. "Rise and shine! The sun is up! Are you ready to be a br— SASUKE!" Ino's outrage was so comical Hinata had to bury her face into the crook of his neck, snickering and muttered an 'I told you so' against his skin.

"Morning, Ino," Sasuke greeted casually. "Would you give us a moment?"

"What is wrong with you?! You are not supposed to be here! Do you want bad luck for your marriage?! How did you even get in?! I locked the door last night!"

Sasuke shrugged, completely unfazed by her anger. The blonde fumed even more and she stalked over to them to yank the covers off, "Get out."

Sasuke groused but stood up to leave the room. Hinata tugged on his hand and he raised his eyebrow questioningly. A silly grin appeared on her face and she leaned forward to give Sasuke a kiss, "I'll see you in a bit."

As she watched him go, Hinata had to bite her lip to keep herself from laughing. She turned to address a very exasperated Ino, who stood by the closet door with her arms crossed, glaring at her.

"I swear, if Sasuke misbehaves at the reception, I'm cancelling your honeymoon."

Sasuke was having a conversation with one of the partners at the law firm when he heard the low rumble of whispers rippling across the room. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw her walking down the grand staircase of the ballroom hall. Letting his curiosity win over propriety, he turned himself a little in her direction, wondering whom she was to set off the crowd in a little commotion.

She wasn't a classic beauty. Her face was round with dimples pressed against her prominent cheeks. Her hair, styled in a low chignon was a rather ordinary dark blue color and with her Venetian mask tied securely around her head, he couldn't even see half of her face.

Sasuke knew his attraction to her had nothing to do with the figure hugging champagne color gown she wore, or how her fair complexion glowed with a hint of pink.

He was drawn to her smile, Sasuke concluded, the way her eyes crinkled in delight as she tried suppressing a giggle from escaping her lips. She wasn't coy nor did she act as