, trying not to be obvious about his discomfort. Ackles narrowed his eyes and smirked revealing canines sightly longer than a normal human.

“Nice to meet you, Jared,” Ackles literally purred. “I’m looking forward to getting to know you better, partner.”

Jared shivered, appalled that it wasn’t out of revulsion, but instead growing desire. He found himself shifting closer to the other man unconsciously, leaning in until he could feel the heat coming off his body.

Captain Beaver looked at them for a few long moments. Jared could tell he knew what was going on here without having to be told. True mates were an exception to the usual rules forbidding partners from being intimately involved.

“I think,” Beaver’s voice cut through the growing tension in the room, “you two should take the rest of the day and...work out your relationship. As long as you keep it professional on the job, there shouldn’t be any issues.”

Jared turned and stumbled back out of the office. He jumped when he suddenly felt Ackles behind him. “Your place or mine?” Ackles whispered huskily in his ear.

“Um...” Jared tensed.

Ackles walked around him and stooped so he could look into Jared’s eyes as he tried hard to look only at the floor. “Hey, are you okay?” Obviously, Jared was not being at all subtle about his freak-out. He caught Ackles’ frown out of the corner of his eye. “Look man, I’m not going to make you do anything you’re not ready for, but we ought to get to know each other. The true mate thing is kind of permanent. Coffee?”

Jared allowed himself to be dragged to a nearby coffee shop. Jensen made sounds that gave him all kinds of dirty ideas as he enjoyed his coffee, and if Jared closed his eyes, he could just revel in Jensen’s--because he was going to have to stop calling the guy by his last name--rich voice and pretend he was just another painfully sexy man. 

“Jared?” The question snapped him back to reality. In the low light of the shop, Jensen’s pupils almost looked normal, if his eyes were still inhumanly green, and sitting down, that tail was hidden, but Jared still knew. His body was obviously on board with the mating, he could practically feel the hormones racing through his bloodstream, but his brain still refused to read the memo, apparently.

“I’m sorry.” Jared was pretty sure the phrase had been about fifty percent of his part of the conversation so far. “I guess I’m still having trouble wrapping my head around the idea of being mated to you.”

Jensen cocked his head to the side, puzzled. “Is it because I’m a man?” Police were often a rather homophobic lot, so it was a reasonable guess.

“No...”

A slow smile spread across Jensen’s gorgeous face. “Is this going to be your first time? If it is, I promise we’re both going to really enjoy when I show you what you’ve been missing.”

Jared couldn’t help laughing at that. “I’m not a virgin, Jensen! I’ve just never slept with a Bea-” he cut himself off as Jensen stiffened across the table. He saw the other man’s hackles literally rise, his hair standing on end, and he could hear the sound of Jensen’s tail brushing the wall as it no doubt thrashed in agitation.

“You’re a purist?” Jensen spat the word like a curse, upper lip curling in disdain, and Jared supposed that it was, though certainly no more offensive than what he’d been about to call the man he was stuck with for life.

Jared felt awful. “I’m sorry,” he apologized yet again. “There have never been any Semibestia in my family, and I didn’t know very many growing up. It’s always seemed so...strange to me. I wish I could erase the way my brain thinks about this because believe me, I’m definitely attracted to you, but the animal thing...” he trailed off helplessly, certain he was only digging the hole deeper. He was shocked when Jensen laughed.

“Animal thing?” Jensen rolled those bright green eyes and laughed some more. “Jared, people are pretty much just animals, too.” Jared started to protest, but Jensen held up a hand to stop him. “Just because some parts of me are more feline than human, doesn’t make me a cat. My mind is fully human, Jared. Sleeping with me won’t be like rutting with a wild animal, although being a little rough sometimes can be fun, if you do it right.”

Jared’s mouth went dry as he began picturing passionate sex with the man across from him, and he had to imagine naked old women to keep from springing an erection in public or worse, coming in his pants like a horny teenager.

He was afraid to anger Jensen again