the colour drain from his face. ''No...no, you're lying.''

''I'm not bloody lying, Sherlock.'' Lestrade shouted down the phone, before softening his tone. ''Why would I lie about this?''

Sherlock felt tears well up in his eyes, he spun around in a circle, trying to make sense of the overwhelming fear and guilt he was feeling.

''Where is he now? How can I find before they do anything?''

Sherlock heard Lestrade sigh. ''Well, since you only let us install cameras in your kitchen and hallway...we were worried that we mightn't actually see any of it...but...''

''But, what?''

''Sherlock we saw everything. It's...bad. They've already hurt him.''

Sherlock felt tears slip down his cheeks. 

''What did they do?'' Sherlock asked weekly.

''I don't even know how to describe it, Sherlock. Come down to the station as soon as you can.''

Sherlock hung up his phone. Only how he noticed people giving him worried and strange looks.

For the first time in all of Sherlock's life, he was completely and utterly frozen. He couldn't gather his thoughts. He could feel himself slipping into insanity. He needed to think straight. He needed to get John, and even though he really didn't want to, watching that clip might give him clues.

But, he couldn't move. It was all his fault. He walked out of the house and left John vulnerable. How could he have done something so stupid and reckless? It was so selfish of him! Maybe, after everything, Sherlock hadn't actually learned a thing. He thought he had learned to put others before himself...but, obviously not...

Sherlock forced himself to start walking in the direction of Scotland Yard. Eventually he must've broken into a run, because he found he was completely out of breath by the time he had gotten to the station. Sherlock sprinted up the stairs to Lestrade's office, and flung open the door.

''Show me it.'' He ordered immediately, his cheeks flushed from all the running. 

Lestrade nodded gravely and rose from his seat. He closed the door behind Sherlock and beckoned for the detective to make his way over to the laptop. Lestrade typed in his password and a screen shot of Sherlock's hallway came up. Lestrade glanced at Sherlock.

''You sure you want to see-''

''I need it for the clues, Lestrade. Hurry up.''

Lestrade sighed and pressed play.

''If you don't mind, I'm not going to watch this for a second time. ''

Sherlock nodded and sat down at the laptop, his stomach twisted in knots. He didn't want to see this.

Suddenly, Sherlock's own image came onto the screen. He saw himself run down the stairs and fling open the door. It slammed shut behind him, shaking to camera for just a second.

After about a minute, John came down the stairs. He looked terrified already, Sherlock didn't want to see that intensify.

Sherlock watched John secure all the locks on their door. Next, the doctor stepped away. He had a look of deep thought on his face. Sherlock felt himself wanting to know what had been going through John's head.

From the corner of the screen, Sherlock could see the door of 221C opening slowly. John was completely oblivious and Sherlock found it hard not to start screaming at John to run out the front door. It was irrational and pointless, but Sherlock still felt the need to do it anyway.

John suddenly tensed. He must've heard a floor board creek or something. His thoughtful expression vanished. He pulled himself up a little, into his old army stance. He's spun around slowly, saying something Sherlock couldn't make out.

Sebastian stepped out from 221C and strode towards John, a big smirk on his face. Sherlock felt his insides go cold at the sight of him. He started speaking, but Sherlock couldn't hear any of it. They hadn't installed speakers. John kept his cold facade up, but Sherlock could tell from the small, almost missable twitches by John's left eye that he was frightened. And really, really nervous.

Sebastian continued to talk, making his way to John slowly. And, John continued to stand his ground. Sherlock could see him trying so hard not to give into the impulse of trying to attack Sebastian or to run away.

Sebastian tilted his head to the side, and Sherlock could tell he was trying to goad John. To Sherlock's complete and utter horror, after a few minutes he saw that Sebastian was getting to John. John swallowed hard and took a step back, his face now looked pained.

John opened his mouth to speak, but suddenly Sebastian stepped forward and struck John across the face, making John stumble back and almost loose his footing.

Sherlock saw John shout ''WHAT WAS THAT FOR?''

Sebastian cocked his head to the side and spat