how he looks, there’s always a nagging thought at the back of his mind constantly reminding him that there’s always someone better, someone more attractive. From early on, he’s known that a naturally timid person like him would be more accepted among people if he had more appealing features.

 

That very same mindset and paranoia had followed him into adulthood, and in turn, Sehun had been everything except for himself.

 

And although Sehun knows that he’s getting paid to entertain guests in the image of who they want, when it comes down to it, Sehun is just Sehun. Who past the glamorous faces and appealing facades, is just a man with his own fears and insecurities.

 

Sehun just smiles, leaning into his seat as he gives Zitao a look that seems worn, and almost despondent, and Zitao can feel a small ache in his heart.

 

“You...You might not like what you see.”

 

There’s a noticeable shift in the conversation, and Zitao decides not to press on, Sehun already wrapping his arms back around his waist and placing his papers into his lap. He decides not to press on, Sehun seeming not exactly eager to approach the topic, and he sighs, leaning back into the broad chest behind him as he opens his textbook.

 

 - 

 

The next few weeks is when Zitao notices a significant shift in their relationship.

 

Their meet ups, once strictly confined to meeting at Mirage and solely on a client-employee basis, transition into more relaxed and casual hangouts, now meeting up at local cafes or going to movie theaters. And despite much of Lu Han’s teasing saying that they’re finally going on proper “dates”, Zitao can confidently admit that they’ve definitely transcended the client-employee relationship, mostly likely friends, and probably even a little bit more than that.

 

Regardless of the setting, be it in the decorated parlor of Mirage, or spacious walkways of whatever park they find themselves wandering through, Zitao can’t help but take notice how at ease and relaxed he feels with Sehun’s presence. There’s been multiple occasions where he’d gone over his allotted session time, not leaving the other’s company until usually another person stands impatiently on the side, giving him a scrutinizing look as he lingers long enough to fit in a hug, and for Sehun to momentarily squeeze his hand.

 

Sehun has become a fixture in his routine, a person he can talk to and console in if he needs to (aside from Lu Han, of course) and Zitao would be lying if he said he didn’t have the tiniest inkling of feelings for Sehun, his pulse racing a bit quicker when he’s with the other man. There’s just something about Sehun so enchanting, that even if Zitao has no clue what he actually looks like -or may never know- he still finds himself drawn to the duality of how sweet yet playful Sehun can be, how he can reduce Zitao to a stuttering mess with a breathtaking smirk, or with a gentle caress to Zitao’s cheek.

 

Zitao isn’t stupid, doesn’t deny his feelings when he knows he has them. But for now, he doesn’t complicate his emotions with his thoughts, and instead focuses on how he’s grown used to Sehun’s arms pulling him close, how it feels so natural to have him pressed close as they talk.

  - 

 

The student lounge is bustling and lively as ever, but Zitao enjoys its energy and takes comfort in the laughter and relaxed atmosphere among him and the other students. He spends his time with Lu Han and his new boyfriend, Jongdae. He’s a really funny guy, very snarky and witty, but sweet nonetheless. To Lu Han’s relief, him and Zitao take a liking to each other immediately, the two engaging in interesting conversation and roasting Lu Han but all in good fun. He can’t find it in himself to mind with how much he loves seeing Jongdae’s eyes crinkle in delight and how melodious his laughter sounds.

 

It’s the first time in a while that Zitao’s gotten a chance to casually hang out with Lu Han without the stress of having to complete assignments, or without imposing deadlines looming over their heads as they chat. Jongdae excuses himself briefly to get them food, and Zitao doesn’t miss the way Lu Han’s stare follows Jongdae, eyes filled with complete and utter adoration. He can’t help but chuckle seeing how infatuated his friend is with his lover.

 

A smile unconsciously pulls at his lips as he thinks of Sehun, remembering that fluttering feeling in his chest as he saw Sehun stare at him the same way Lu Han stares at Jongdae.

 

“I know what you’ve been up to lately…”

 

Zitao looks up at Lu Han in surprise, eyes wide as he turns to face his friend.

 

“What do you mean?”

 

Lu Han has one of those genuine, knowing smiles that clearly states you know exactly what I mean. 

 

All Zitao can do is blush and look down, barely biting back a smile of his own as