it's about flipping time jester." Snowdrake grimaced.

"Well hey, at least I finished checking it out. Yeah well it's all clear but boy is it trashed. Hold on, where's… Frisk are you…" Nacarat began to fear the worst until Grillby shook his head. "So Papyrus is…"

"He had to deal with the dog couple, so shut up." Snowdrake murmured.

"Oh… yeah ok." The orange jester crouched to Frisks level and gave her a smile, trying to coax her to come inside. Frisk would have happily stayed outside if it weren't for the chilling winds beginning to pick up again. Without the dogs in the shed the blizzard was returning in full force. With slight reluctance, Frisk picked herself up from the ground and followed Nacarat inside.

"Hey kid, it'll be ok, we're not going to end up like that." Nacarat gave a reassuring smile. As Frisk looked into his eyes it was only now she noticed something… peculiar. All the dogs they had encountered; their eyes were yellow with red pupils. Snowdrake, who is slowly going crazy, had the same coloured eyes. Grillby and Papyrus seemed to be the only ones without red pupils.

"Hey uh Frisk, something the matter?" Nacarat asked, cocking his head to the side. Frisk sat stunned for a moment before shaking her head, deciding to take it up with Papyrus later. For now, she would keep it to herself and follow Nacarat and the others inside. As she stepped indoors however she was hit with an awful smell.

If Frisk could speak she'd probably judge how bad the place looked. The furniture was tossed about; the couch being lodged into the wall with the stuffing strewn about all over the place. The coffee table was in several pieces around the living room, one of which lay under the broken TV, which now rest on the floor. A few books and a pile of ash, real ash not dust, was centred in the room. Somebody had made a fire it seemed.

The kitchen was an equal mess. Many of the cupboard doors where either hanging off their hinges or had been torn off, laying in a pile on the floor. The fridge had been tipped over with rotten, disgusting food squashed underneath. A few of the stickier food items had been splattered against the wall, clinging on for dear life.

"Well… welcome to the skelebro house." Nacarat announced half-heartedly. He let out a nervous cough and spoke up again. "Hope it's not a worry but I couldn't get into Sans' room, it was blocked with stuff from the other side." Grillby lit up immensely out of fear, his colour shifting to a purple tint.

'You can't invite us in without checking the room!' Grillby exclaimed, despite Nacarats inability to read hands.

"Ok I have no idea what you said, but I shall take offence. Dude I have no arms; I don't really have enough strength." Nacarat tried to counter. Grillby let out an irritated sigh and ran his hand down his face in annoyance. He marched over to Sans' door and tried to open it. When that failed he began to push against it with all his might.

"You're not the smartest are you? You could have told us when you came outside." Snowdrake snapped.

"Well sorry, it didn't cross my mind, I was sure it would be ok." Nacarat defended.

"That's your problem you're too positive. Also Grillby wants you." Snowdrake gestured his head to Grillby.

'Little help?' He asked, waving Nacarat over to help. They both pushed against the door when it began to shift.

"We're getting through!" Nacarat beamed, the final shove letting both tumble into the room. Frisk ran in after them to check if they were ok to find both had simply fallen onto a now broken treadmill. "Ow… darn it. See, emp-" Naracats words froze in his throat as he saw a pile of dust laying before the duo. "No…"

"What's going on up there?" Snowdrake called. Frisk looked to see the pile of dust that Nacarat seemed so focused on. She didn't notice much out of the ordinary other than a green striped scarf wrapped around it. Nacarat struggled over to the spot and got up onto his knees.

'Dust in here, Nacarat seems interested.' Frisk signed down to Snowdrake. He shifted between his feet uncomfortably and let out a hiss.

"Don't be her…" He whispered to himself. Frisk turned back to Nacarat who was kneeling in front of the dust.

"No this is not saying that she… I mean she had to have gotten somewhere safe. Somebody else just… took her scarf I mean and… and…" Nacarat couldn't bring himself to finish the sentence. Frisk had no idea who he meant but whoever she was, she must have been important to Nacarat, and judging by Snowdrakes comment she was real close.