. "Then, why did it take me so long to notice?" he asks, in regard to Claire. His eyes are wide with frustration and anger.

Dean stops cleaning.

"I was gonna ask you about it yesterday ‘cause I noticed that she flinched slightly when you were smoothing down her dress in court."

It doesn’t help. Cas looks even more ashamed and helpless. He huffs a laugh bitterly. "My own lawyer noticed and I didn’t-" he breaks off.

Dean places a comforting palm on his knee. "Don’t beat yourself up about it too much." He tries. "The important thing is that she’s safe now." He nods towards Claire. Her eyes are closed and she’s gone slightly slack-jawed.

Castiel presses a kiss into her hair affectionately.

"She really likes you, you know."

"She’s a good kid." Dean replies and ducks his head, a slight blush heating his cheeks.

Cas places his palm over Dean’s on his knee and Dean looks up at him.

"Thank you." Castiel says sincerely. His voice is hushed but Dean’s heart is thundering in his ears. They shouldn’t be doing this. Dean should know better. He does know better.

But Cas looks so grateful.

Dean shakes his head minutely. "It’s my job." He counters in an attempt to remind himself that Cas is just a job…

Castiel shakes his head.

"No, this was more than that."

The smile that graces his expression is fucking beautiful – even if it is surrounded by not fully cleaned blood stains.

"I just… I can’t thank you enough for what you’re doing for Claire…" he says. Dean’s sure he’s gone red all the way up to the tips of his ears.

"…for me."

Dean thinks this is it.

This is the moment when everything can go to Hell because Cas glances down at his lips and then back up to his eyes again, like he’s asking for permission, and Dean’s got sweaty palms and his breathing is slightly uneven.

Cas’ eyes flutter shut as he leans in but Dean can’t – he wants to see the look on Cas’ face when he’s kissed breathless because that’s what Dean wants to do right now.

Claire’s arm falls limp into her father’s lap and it startles both of them.

"Uh- I should put her to bed." Cas stands and adjusts his grip on her.

"Yeah, yeah, you should. You do that. I’ll um…" Dean takes in the sight of the messy living room that leads into an even messier hallway.

"I’ll start on cleaning up down here."

"Oh, no, you don’t have to do that. I’m sure I can manage on my own. You should get home… you know, if you want." Cas offers.

Dean stands too and watches as Cas tries to navigate the living room. He almost would’ve let Cas go too if the man hadn’t paused in the doorway and swayed a little too much, one hand pressed to his forehead.

"Woah! Hey, you okay?" Dean rushes to his side, taking Claire from him. The girl seems oblivious, just wraps her arms around Dean’s neck instead.

"Fine. I think I just need an aspirin… or ten."

"Okay, I’ll put her to bed-"

"First bedroom on the right." Cas instructs.

"-and you go get an aspirin. Think you can manage that?" Dean asks concernedly, because Cas is looking paler than he should be.

Cas almost rolls his eyes.

"I’m not an infant. I can manage. It’s just in the kitchen."

Dean watches him walk to the kitchen, making sure there’s no stumble or waver in his step. When he’s gone, Dean hoists the little girl up and carries her carefully up the stairs.

It takes a while to actually get her into her bed because every time he goes to lay her down, she insists on tightening her grip around his neck and he gets dragged down into the bed with her. 

On the fifth try, Dean uses the stuffed grumpy looking cat as a diversion so he can escape her clutches, tucks her in all snug, and makes sure to leave the door open at least half way so they can hear her if something happens.

When he enters the kitchen, there are two steaming plates placed in front of two stools at the island.

"I hope day yesterday’s lasagna is okay." Cas says as he retrieves one bottle of beer and one bottle of water from the fridge. "I haven’t really had a chance to go out."

"You didn’t have to, Cas." Dean says but takes a seat at the island anyway. He doesn’t waste any time, digging in immediately and practically moans around the first forkful.

"God, this is good.