he only wanted to bring Castiel a little bit out of his mortal shell. He shuddered. It had been literal millennia since he was even this close to his brethren. Castiel’s Grace tickled his hand.

‘You need strength’. He brought his own Grace forth as he spoke. All of a sudden he grabbed his hair and yanked Castiel down, forcibly kissing him and latching onto Castiel’s Grace, making Castiel’s vessel thrum when Gabriel, for the briefest of instants, filled him. ‘Power like this? Too old, too powerful. It can only be given in union, or taken. And you’re not strong enough to take it from me’.

‘What is your point?’, Castiel managed to get out between gritted teeth. ‘I know I’m diminished’.

‘Yes. That’s a bit of an inconvenience. I suppose we’d have to do a little trial run to see if you can handle me at first’. He pressed his body against Castiel, aggressively kissing him again, dragging Castiel’s scant Grace out more and more. Castiel groaned in pain; if the sensation could be likened to anything from a human perspective, it would be as if someone inserted meathooks in a clavicle, and then dragged the still-living body by the meathooks. Castiel couldn’t even move from the lamp post, pinned as he was by Gabriel’s power. Loki’s cloying presence hid them both from the watchful eyes of Heaven. Castiel’s wings attempted to flutter over the unwanted feeling of both their presences.

Gabriel’s hands moved down Jimmy’s chest, tearing open the white shirt. His mouth was a warm, wet weight that moved down the vessel’s neck.

‘No’, choked out Castiel, with a blank face. ‘Gabriel, no. Please don’t betray my trust this way—I thought you cared for all of us!’

‘Try not to worry’. Gabriel was started to feel aroused, despite himself. He nuzzled Castiel in a way he thought reassuring, struggling internally to maintain his own vessel’s breathing even. He paused and put a hand over the vessel’s shoulder, moving it in circles, softly, dearly. Castiel looked at him with derision. The corners of the rogue angel’s mouth twitched, as if Castiel was deciding whether to speak or not. Ever stoic, Castiel remained silent.

“This vessel is handsome”. He caused Castiel an unwanted gasp when he trailed his hand very slowly to the small of the salesman’s back—his little brother hadn’t discovered all the mysteries of his vessel yet. Gabriel hungered.

‘Why are you doing this to me?’ The angel’s voice rang clear, with just the slightest undercurrent of defeat.

‘Well, baby bro, in the old days, were we in Heaven, we’d just match up amplitudes, uniting, and calling it a day’. Muscles tensed down the pathway of the blond’s hand, as one of them went down Jimmy Novak’s trousers. The hot flesh slowly stiffened under his caresses. ‘Thing is, I doubt you got enough juice for even a manifestation of your true self in a coherent manner. So we need to unite in another way. Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh9’.

‘I don’t want your power’. Castiel stood, defenseless with just a torn shirt over Jimmy Novak’s form. The rest of the clothes were in a pile by his feet, completely intact.

‘Tough luck, bucko’, he said, his breath ghosting over Castiel’s lips. ‘What I say, goes, so I give it to you; and you’re going to take it so you can live’. His hands cupped the vessel’s rear.

He was so hard. “This is an angel”, his Grace whispered. Despite all of Castiel’s wards, he could feel the younger angel’s Grace he had almost ripped out. It had still the whisper of Heaven Castiel must have clung to in desperation, still echoing with the collective voice of the Host; unlike his, since he himself had purged it of every last tie to Heaven but his feelings. The waning Grace pulsed as he yanked Jimmy’s shirt off. He hadn’t felt his brethren for so very long… And this was a very attractive vessel.

‘I’d rather have your sword’, Castiel plead desperately, a last call to arms, let out between the grunts he gave as Gabriel ground his clothed erection over Castiel’s bare one.

‘Oh, yes’, Gabriel’s eyes gleamed, ‘you’re going to get ‘my sword’, alright’.

The next thing Castiel saw was the placid green water, the stone rail uncomfortably pressed against his vessel’s stomach while a  hand fisted his hair to keep him bent down. Castiel felt Gabriel’s hand slide down the back of the body he wore; the older angel’s hand felt cold and clammy;