on Louis’s shoulder and Louis wrapped his arm around Harry’s shoulder in a protective sort of matter

“So..” Liam started.

“What.”

“I just. Please Z, I’m begging you. Stop it please.”

“Stop what?”

“Talk to me. Ever since yesterday, you’ve been just god, every time I walk next to you or try to tell you something, you move away.”

“This is me trying to move on. What do you want me to do? Act like I don’t love you? Act like you didn’t reject me? Act like I don’t care when you’re with Danielle? Act like everything is fucking ok, when it’s not?”

“No Z, I just…”

“Exactly.”

“So you’re just going to keep ignoring me until you lose feelings? When’s that going to be? I miss my best friend.”

“I don’t know. It’s not like a day or a week. It’s going to take longer than that to get rid of feelings of 2 years.”

“I’m sorry. I just wish you’d stop ignoring me.”

Liam turned towards Zayn with these big eyes that sparkle in the corners, and a small pout that trembled slowly, and this sincere look like he actually felt bad for Zayn and the situation he’s in.

He took one more look at the boys, who seemed obvious to the conversation him and Zayn were having and turn back to Liam.

“I’m sorry.” He whispered.

“Sorry for wh-AH!” Liam screeched lowly as Zayn pushed his back against the car seat and smashed their lips together yet once again.

Liam was pressed deeper into it and he tried to push Zayn away, he really did but Zayn just wouldn’t budge.

“Zayn.” He mumbled.

“Let me Liam.. Just let me.”

“No. I cant. Get off me! Zayn!”

Zayn sat up, looking out through his window. Liam sat up after him, staring at him, knowing that Zayn wouldn’t look back.

Not after this.

IV.

Yeah, Zayn hasn’t talked to Liam since then. Which was a week ago. Until they were forced to, again.

Another Payzer and Zerrie date. This time to the cinema to watch Pitch Perfect. A movie Liam and Zayn had promised a few months ago they’d see together once it came out. Now, Danielle and Perrie had to join them.

Liam didn’t seem to have a problem, but he knew Zayn did.

~Again, Larry tried to stop this disaster. They refused to let Zayn go anywhere he didn’t. They stated it wasn’t fair and remained to fight for Zayn’s freedom. Then management brought up Eleanor and how they’ll make Elounor double date with Payzer instead, and they shut their mouths again sending pity looks towards Zayn~

So once again, Zayn got in a suit all fancy shmancy. He wore his hair up in a fabulous quiff, a silver chain around his neck, and a neat sliver top hat to match his suit pants. He liked to be dressed well, even if it was to the movies, the park, the club, everywhere.

Once he saw Liam, all patched up in his plaid shirt and dark blazer and pants and cuffs, he wished he could have faked being sick to get out of it.

“Hey.” Liam said, spotting Zayn.

Zayn nodded his head as Liam sighed and just got into the car.

Once they arrived at the theaters, where Danielle and Perrie were shooting daggers at one another in front of it, they bought the tickets and treats and went in.

In no particular order, it was Danielle who sat next to Liam who sat next to Zayn who sat next to Perrie.

Starting the movie, Zayn twitched every time Danielle and Liam got closer. She applied her head to his shoulder and he added his hand on her thigh.

Disgusting.

Perrie was too bust texting to notice anything, never mind the movie.

Around the middle of the movie, Zayn was actually interested in the movie and seemed fazed of the way Danielle was kissing Liam’s neck and the way he smiled down lovingly at her.

Until he was interrupted by Perrie whispered, “I’m gonna use the loo.” And walked away.

Then he heard Danielle whisper to Liam, “We’re out of popcorn. I’m going to go get more ok? Love you.” She said kissing him on the cheek and moving out.

“Love you too.” Liam whispered after her and it broke Zayn’s heart how easy Liam could let it slip out but he couldn’t dare say it to Zayn. Liam looked towards Zayn now, “Are you alright?” He asked, his tone of voice nonchalant.

“Yeah? Why wouldn’t I be?” Zayn said, not tearing his eyes away from the screen.

“Well because Danielle’s being all touchy tonight and I wanted to