around his eyes all but gone alongside the marks of his insomnia, and his heart telling her with each strong beat how happy he is. The fact that she is in part responsible for his happiness, and for the fact that he has come such a long way in such a short time after his ordeal, still fills her with awe sometimes.

The way he blinks, his eyes only half-open even when he looks at her, tells her that he is still a little groggy, but a certain part of him is definitely awake, pressing itself against her thigh. Sure, maybe it’s just morning wood, but their little altercation just now has left her in the mood.

Athena reaches between them and wraps her fingers around him, stroking gently. He makes a small noise in the back of his throat that lets her know immediately that he is not exactly averse, either. Simon leans in to kiss her, and while his breath is just a little bit stale and his face sort of sandpapery with a hint of stubble, it somehow makes things that much more intimate – this is a side of him nobody else gets to see, one that belongs to her and her alone. Their lips meet again and again, parting slightly here and there, and his large hands begin to wander over her body, as if mapping out its contours for the first time. His mouth follows in short order, kissing and nipping along the side of her neck, nibbling on her right collarbone, then his lips close around one of her nipples. 

He remains there for quite a while, contentedly sucking on her breast – he loves her tits, and freely admits to a rather pronounced oral fixation, so of course this is what he likes best. Gasping, Athena runs her fingers through his wild mop of hair, in complete disarray after a good night’s sleep, hearing his desire simmering in every one of the small utterances he can’t suppress. This is so different from what they do with each other before going to sleep at night – then, it’s passionate, unrestrained, and urgent. Now, though, the spark of arousal doesn’t grow into a wildfire, it just glimmers a little brighter with each unhurried touch and kiss.

At some point, she feels his fingertips gently teasing at her clit, the touch almost not there at all but just enough to stoke her desire. Opening her legs a little wider, she moans quietly, and he takes it as a signal to explore further, his middle finger brushing along her opening. Simon lifts his head when he feels just how slick and ready she is for him, and they share a look. Words are unnecessary.

Athena turns her back towards him, one of her legs propped up to give him better access, and he scoots closer, one of his arms settling around her waist, his chest pressed against her back. He nuzzles at her neck as he slowly pushes inside her from behind, his sigh caressing her ear. They move with each other, and each motion is imbued with comfort and affection.

Something that almost sounds like a purr escapes Athena when his free hand once again finds its way between her legs, drawing tantalizing circles across that most sensitive bundle of nerves at the same leisurely pace as his hard length slides in and out of her. Even though she knows better, she wishes this would never end – it feels so good being surrounded by the warmth of the blanket, bracketed by his solid presence, sleepy desire lapping at her like waves at a beach, a little higher each time he enters her, each time his deep breaths gain a voice, telling her that he feels exactly the same way.

When she comes, it’s like floating in warm water, feeling weightless and swaying with the sensation. Simon groans quietly behind her as she tightens around him, but he doesn’t stop, rocking into her at the same slow pace, his breathing only just becoming uneven. The mixture of emotions in his heart almost brings tears to Athena’s eyes – there’s arousal, of course, becoming gradually more and more pronounced, but it is completely entwined with drowsy tenderness and a simple, pure clarion note of bliss. She reaches down for his hand, brings it up to her face to kiss his palm before her lips close around his index finger, suckling gently – she knows it never fails to get the most delicious reactions out of him.

This time, too, it fails to disappoint: Simon instantly curls around her tightly, his motions becoming more jagged, every hot exhale into her hair now imbued with a minuscule tremble. Athena smiles around the digit in her mouth, her own fingers trailing down his forearm, leaving gooseflesh in their wake. Now, he actually shivers against her, the innocuous touch turned into something exquisitely sensual by how close he is getting to release. A small, satisfied giggle wells up in her throat – she adores teasing him like this when he is this open and vulnerable, spurring him on with everything she does. She can feel her own body becoming interested in the proceedings again, but knows that