and arched an eyebrow at him. “Is that what they say?”



“Well love, you do have that reputation.” He tried to distract her by nuzzling into her neck. “Most everyone in our department is afraid of you, but I like a challenge.”



The elevator dinged and doors slid open before Emma had a chance to respond. He didn’t give her time and pushed forward with her still wrapped in his arms.



Once the doors slid shut she spun and draped her arms around his neck. He snaked his arm out to press the button for his floor and turned his attention back to the woman pressing herself against him. Her fingers toyed in the hair at the nape of his neck and she raised up on the tips of her toes to brush her lips against his in a repeat of their kiss beneath the mistletoe.



The thrill that the elevator doors could open at any moment prompted him to quickly deepen their kiss. He slid his hands up to cradle her head and angle it in just the right way to allow him to tease her lips apart and explore her mouth.



This enchanting woman had made this Christmas party much more enjoyable with her witty banter and now he wanted nothing more than to get even closer to her. He shifted their weight into the corner of the elevator and pressed her back into the mirrored wall. A slight groan from her mouth spiked his lust even further. How often would the opportunity to stay at a swanky hotel on the company dime be presented? And how often would a co worker he’d been emailing with over boring requisitions turn out to be a knock out? 




I’m taking advantage of this opportunity.




Emma Swan seemed fully on board with where this evening seemed to be leading. Her hands trailed down his neck and across his chest. Before he’d noticed she’d tugged his dress shirt out of his pants and had slipped her hands along the skin of his waist. He tried to keep still and not wiggle out of her reach.



“Ticklish?” she teased against his mouth.



“Aye” he murmured and captured her lips again. The sight of her flushed and excited stirred up a primal urge to hike her dress up and take her right in the elevator. He pinned her against the wall with his hips and slipped his hand along her thigh, inching the hem of her dress up. Emma moaned against his mouth and grasped his hand, halting his upward progress. 



She nibbled along his jaw, “You know there’s camera’s in these things, right?” She motioned with her eyes up towards the ceiling of the elevator. “You don’t want to be thrown out for public fornication do you?”



He pulled back enough to rub his nose against hers. Planting a hand on each side of her head, he leaned in to whisper low in her ear, “Then I guess we’ll just have to fuck in private.”



He held his breath, worried that he’d crossed a line with his forthright suggestion. She lifted her eyes to catch his, and he raised an eyebrow at her. She smiled and leaned her head into his shoulder, taking that as a good sign he slipped his hands down to pull her tight against the growing evidence of how much he wanted her. 



The ding of the elevator distracted him from inching her dress up her thighs again. He pulled back and turned towards the doors as they slid open. 



“This your floor?” she asked while tucking his shirt in and straightening her own dress.



He turned to smirk at her, “This is where we get off,” before he sauntered out into the hallway.




Damn could this man kiss.

 She had angled to get him beneath the mistletoe and when he’d taken full advantage of the tradition she’d hoped to sneak off to a dark corner. He’d whispered into her ear that he had a room, so she’d wasted no time in dragging him off to the bank of elevators and away from the prying eyes of their coworkers.



Once inside, she found it a challenge to keep her hands off of him. She’d spun and pulled him against her to enjoy the feeling of his lean body against her. All thought flew out of her head when his tongue teased against hers and she’d found herself tugging his shirt out of his slacks. When her fingers finally slid along the bare skin of his waist, his breath hitched and he’d twitched away from her hands. 




He’s ticklish.




Emma had to hold in the snort of amusement when he’d admitted as much, but then he’d shifted her back into the corner to pin her against the wall and sent the blood rushing through her veins. She was so preoccupied with his insistent kisses, she almost didn’t notice how his hand was inching her dress up. It wasn’t until she caught her own reflection in the mirrored wall of the elevator that she realized they were acting like a pair of horny teenagers. 




Damn, some security guard’s probably getting his jollies off watching us on the monitors.




She grabbed his hand and