's with a hungry, devouring passion. Those lips soon parted and the centaur's tongue traveled deep to the back of Conrad's mouth. At once searching and finding, tongue pressed to tongue, when finally the centaur pulled away, Conrad was surprised and overjoyed to find his body wrapped in the strong arms of his woodland lover.



 The centaur's eyes were gold to match his hair and coat, but also specked with darker flecks of orange and even red. These eyes piercing Conrad's soul, the centaur asked, “Your passion is unchanged, but do you remember me? Say my name, Conrad.”



 Conrad would not forget the name for all his days. A whisper escaped his breathless body, “D'Lydon.” Then louder, “D'Lydon, my delight.” With this D'Lydon descended on Conrad's neck with fresh sucking kisses, his tongue like wet fruit leaving sweet juices wherever it touched. Conrad's breathes grew heavier with each kiss. “Oh D'Lydon!” He yelled to the sky as the centaur pulled his shirt apart, ripping the white linen in two and exposing Conrad's chest. Conrad fell backward but was caught in the centaur's arms. D'Lydon took a nipple between his teeth, sucking at first, then biting it gently between his teeth. He was rewarded with a moan of delight and also felt Conrad begin to bulge in his pants. The centaur pulled Conrad back up so that he might stand on his own two feet and, as soon as that was accomplished, slid his own hands down Conrad's back and into his pants. D'Lydon had always enjoyed squeezing Conrad's butt cheeks, or even kissing the bare skin which on D'Lydon and other centaur was usually covered in hair.



 But squeezing his butt was only an enjoyable novelty; D'Lydon pulled from their newest kiss and spun Conrad around roughly before pulling him back close to D'Lydon's chest. With one hand, D'Lydon turned Conrad's head back so that their tongues might meet once again, Conrad's back flush to D'Lydon's chest. D'Lydon's other hand begun pulling apart the drawstrings of Conrad's pantaloons. In short order the pantaloons had fallen into a pile at Conrad's ankles and D'Lyon grasped him firmly in hand, stroking slowly back and forth.



 D'Lydon's free hand moved over Conrad's gasping neck, sprawled across his heaving chest, then took a nipple firmly between thumb and index finger, giving it a quick, savage twist. Conrad's entire body jumped in response, but D'Lydon held him firmly in place, nipple still resting between those two fingers, cock still firmly grasped. D'Lydon breathed hot and heavy on Conrad's ear before taking his lobe between his teeth. He sucked gently and the release was announced with a light popping noise. Conrad's moan grew louder as again he pinched the man's nipple and began pumping his shaft more vigorously.



 “Conrad,” the centaur whispered into his ear. Conrad only managed a breathless moan in response, his chest heaving up and down nearly as quickly as D'Lydon's arm was working back and forth. “Do you want me inside you?” Conrad managed a noticeable nod but was otherwise still lost in ecstasy. D'Lydon let go of the man, who turned to face the centaur for one final kiss before dropping to his knees. D'Lydon pushed up from the muddy ground, allowing Conrad to crawl on his hands and knees between D'Lydon's hooved legs. Then before Conrad hung that sweet long rod which he had dreamed of for so many months. Oh, how he had ached for it.



 Conrad took hold of the thing with both hands and licked at the tip with his tongue. Holding the base of the shaft, he tugged with his right hand and the thing grew hard for him. Emboldened, Conrad opened his mouth wide and yet was only able to take the tip into his mouth. Hands still working, he sucked hard and harder still when he heard D'Lydon moan his name. The centaur's barrel chest quaked above him, ripples of pleasure already spreading through his powerful body. Conrad released the head from his still sucking lips with a loud pop. He then went to work licking up and down the entire shaft, covering every bit of the massive cock with his saliva. When his hand was slipping up and down the shaft with great ease, Conrad knew it was time. He positioned himself facing the same way as Conrad, with his legs extended completely so that his back was pressed against D'Lydon's horse belly. To maintain this position, he pressed his hands firmly against D'Lydon's front legs.



 “I'm ready for you.” Conrad immediately felt D'Lydon's horse cock against his ass. Conrad grew hotter with passion at the touch, becoming more stiff himself. “Take me, D'Lydon.” Conrad had done as he could to