, and Kili's weight on his shoulders is more of a burden than ever. How they managed to even get off the ground, he'll never know, let alone take that first step. He staggers, avoiding careening into a nearby corpse by a near miss, and Kili's breath hitches. Fili mumbles an apology and shifts him—careful, careful—as he swings his gaze towards the mountain. Erebor, Erebor, what should have been Thorin's—is his uncle even alive? Beorn swooped him and stole him away with such quick ferocity, his nephews have been forgotten—but Fili would have it that way, if only Thorin returns to his former hale health.


Kili's head knocks against Fili's shoulder. "I c'n walk," he slurs, and Fili huffs a breathless, soggy laugh.



"Ever will I carry you, little brother," he says, because that's how it's always been. Through foolhardy pranks, and sprained ankles; through spankings and frights; through battles and easygoing wrestling; through dark and through light he has, and will, carry Kili; until his breath is gone and his body cold. He realizes he wouldn't change that for the world.



Off in the distance, Erebor sits as stately and cold as ever, and Fili imagines he can hear the sound of his kin and friends searching for them.


The lock of hair Balin places on the table is brown and soft. Without touching it, she already knows its texture; how it feels combed through one's fingers; how the firelight flickers on it and turns it a bright copper; how it mimics its father's in feel, if not looks.

"It's Kili's," Dis rasps behind the sudden-rising lump in her throat that threatens to choke her.

"Aye," says Balin softly.

"Wha—why—" Dis stammers, unable to tear her eyes away from the unassuming braid. "Why do you show me this?"

Balin pauses, collecting himself before he can speak. His knuckles are white against the dark brown of the table, his fingers curling around the edges. He inhales, exhales, then says, "Kili also fell."

Dis' heart stutters in her breast, her vision tunneling and swirling around the edges. She cannot seem to move, or breath, or speak—she is motionless, lifeless. It's as if her brain has shut down; Balin's statement doesn't even seem to come through, instead bouncing hollowly at her ears.

"Dis?" Balin asks hesitantly, and she turns her unblinking, impossibly wide gaze to him. It's only when she feels tiny drips of water on her skin that she realizes the swimming around the edge of her vision was unshed tears, tears she didn't even know she'd made.

"What?" she breaths. "Wha—what?"

Balin turns his eyes towards the ceiling, as if to gather strength from the heavens. He reaches out a hand towards her, but she snatches it away as if his skin was hot coals. She feels herself rising from her chair, but it's as if she is disembodied, watching a puppet made of flesh move all on its own. "What?" she questions again, stepping away from him, as if that will distance the truth from his statement.

Balin doesn't answer.

"I—you said—Thorin—"

"Aye," Balin says.

"And Kili?"

"Aye," he repeats sorrowfully, and he looks as if he will add something on, so she turns away. Her ears are ringing, her heart pounding in her chest, and her hands tremble as she grips them to her breast. Her Kili—her sun—the laugh that lit up whichever room he walked in. Her troublemaker, her reckless prankster, her optimistic sunbeam, her preacher of shameless love and joy.

Dead?

Dis gasps out a ragged sob and braces herself on the counter in front of her, her knees feeling weak. She presses a hand to her mouth and weeps, and tries to wrap her mind around the fact that half of her children and all of her brothers are dead in the ground.

"Dis," comes Balin's quiet voice.


When Thorin told Dis he was going to take back Erebor, she called him a fool. When he told her that her sons would be joining him, she grew very still, and very white, and didn't anything for a solid second. When she did, the only word she said was, "What." Thorin, being unwise, repeated himself once more.



She threw the sheath of a sword at him. Then a chair. Then a frying pan. She would also have thrown an axe, but Thorin snatched it away from her just in time. She screamed at him at first, allowing her wrath to blaze like a forest fire. Dis' anger was legendary among dwarves; when she loved, she loved, but when she was rageful, may Aule have mercy upon the poor subject's