startled.

"Because this is me, Cap," Tony says. "I'd rather be on the straight and level with you." Maybe that's not true. Maybe it is. "I wish I'd gotten there first."

Steve blushes a bright red. "And - what you said - ?"

"You mean him," Tony hates to correct him. "You're going to have to fill me in, I haven't gotten a chance to view all of his memories yet. "Did he promise you something?"

"That he would show me something new today," Steve says, still blushing. "Down here."

Tony pauses, then looks back at his LMD. If the damn thing weren't off, he knows - knows - it would wink at him right now.

"It was a set-up," Tony says.

"You mean he - ?"

Tony sets the coffee aside and steps up to Steve, cupping the back of his head as he kisses him, hard, interested, eager.

Steve gives a little shivery moan and kisses back, deeper, using both hands to cup his face.

It's a long, intense kiss, leaving Tony shivering, then gasping for air - he has to physically push at Steve to get him to let up so he can breathe - bless that super-soldier serum and its increased lung capacity - but it's too easy for Steve to drag him back in for another kiss as soon as he has the air for it.

"The memories - " Tony gasps. "Didn't have this - "

"I like kissing," Steve says, and Tony laughs, delighted.

"You sure do," he says. "Now - did he ever let you top? Because you should absolutely top. I want your cock in me." Each word makes Steve blush more and more, and Tony's grinning by the end.

"I want that," Steve says, and his hands go to his pants, before pausing. "You have lube down here, right?"

"What do you take me for, Steve?" Tony chides, fetching some lube post-haste. "Think this isn't my first rodeo? Of course I've got lube. Cherry-flavored, too, if you want to lick me clean."

"Tony," Steve says, and he pulls him in for another kiss. "Stop talking."

"How can I talk when you're kissing me - mmmph - "

Steve hums against his lips, taking the lube from Tony's hand.

"You know how this works," Tony asks a few minutes later, recovering from a string of breath-stealing kisses. His pants are way, way too tight right now, and he needs Steve to stop kissing him so he can get on with the main event. "Cap?"

Steve looks up from where he's been clearing Tony's workbench, and smiles. "Of course I do, Tony. Bend over this."

"With an invitation like that, how can I refuse?" Tony asks, undoing his pants. "How happy are you?"

"He was a close copy of you, right?"

"The LMD? Had to be close enough to fool a lot of people," Tony says. "So almost a straight replica of me."

"He told me that he loved me," Steve says, and he catches Tony's hands as they go still on his belt.

"He what - "

"Do you?"

"What - yes?" Tony gulps, eyes wide. Emotions! He didn't know - he couldn't have expected - just what did he do wrong with that LMD?

Steve pulls him into a tight hug.

"Steve - "

"That's all I need to hear for now," Steve murmurs. "Thank you, Tony."

"What - "

Steve kisses him again, then pushes his pants down for him, man-handling him to the table, bending him over it. Tony can't deny the thrill that races through him at being so effortlessly moved into position.

"It was hard for him to admit it, too," Steve says, and Tony can hear the wet sounds of lube being dispensed.

He breathes out, making his body relax. He won't have to wait long - Steve wasn't a tease in those memories - "Ah!"

Steve hums, pressing his finger deeper, gently but efficiently prepping him, helping work him loose.

Tony grips at the workbench, trying not to clench down, his hips lifting on their own.

"Eager," Steve murmurs.

"I just got done watching over an hour's worth of porn, of course I'm eager - " Tony grates out. "More, Steve, now!"

"What was it like?" Steve asks instead, and Tony drops his forehead to the cool metal of the table.

"As if I'd been reliving it," Tony says, voice strained. "Steve, please, don't draw this out."

"Amazing," Steve