came, and Liam's alone. He turns his face into the green baize and just breathes, staying as silent as possible, trying to hear any sounds that might tell him what Louis' up to. But there's nothing. 

Then, "I see you've been working out this morning," Louis says, his conversational tone at odds with the instructions he’d been giving earlier.

Liam nods against the table. "Yeah."

Louis’ hand presses briefly on the back of his skull to keep it still. "I said, don't move." A pause, like he's moving back away from Liam. "What were you doing? Weights?"

It's an effort to remember not to nod again. "Yeah. And - and I did a bit of cardio, too."

"Hmm." Louis' voice is derisive. "All this training, Liam. Trying to get all big and strong? What's the point of that when I can still have you bent over a table like this for me with just a few words?"

"Lou, please." It comes out sounding a bit more desperate than Liam’d like.

"Pull your pants down at the back," Louis says abruptly. "Make sure you're still covered at the front, we don't want you making a mess on this nice table."

Liam does as he's told, sliding his shorts and pants down over his bum, trying not to stand up too much as he does it. It puts extra pressure on his cock, the waistband of his boxers now pulling tight over the head, already a little slick with precome. He ignores the need to adjust himself and stretches back out over the table, fingers gripping the pool cue.

"Good. Look at you there, all spread out and waiting for me," Louis says. One of his fingers strokes around the curve of Liam's bum. "Have you showered this morning, Liam?"

Liam remembers just in time not to shake his head. "No, I was going to have one after."

Louis hums. "Shame. I'd have liked to taste you, watch you trying to fuck yourself back on my face. Oh well, we'll just have to make do with this instead."

A clicking noise, and Liam feels something cool and slippery brush against his entrance, then one of Louis' slim fingers pushes inside. Liam hitches his hips into it, unconsciously, and is rewarded with a stinging slap on his bum. 

"Stay still," Louis reminds him. "Next time you move I'll stop, and then that's all the prep you'll be getting."

Liam has to suppress a shiver at the thought. They've done this before, him and Louis, but Louis' always been slow and careful with him, stretching him out for what feels like ages before finally fucking into him. For a moment Liam's tempted to move, to goad Louis into it and feel what it's like being opened just on his cock, but in the end he doesn't. Today he wants to be good for Lou.

"There, that's better," Louis says as he pushes in with another finger, and Liam trembles with the effort of staying still. "I knew you could do it. You just need reminding, don't you, Liam? So forgetful."

"Yeah. Please, Lou." Louis' clever fingers have found Liam's prostate, and it's making it so hard not to move, to lift up and relieve some of the pressure on his cock, or push back into Louis' hand, something, anything.

"Please, what?" Another careful twist of Louis' fingers.

"Please." Liam's so grateful his face is hidden in the pool table, he's blushing so hard he feels like he's on fire. "Please, anything, fuck me, please."

The fingers withdraw. Liam hears the rip of a condom packet opening and the click of the lube cap again, then Louis' back, one arm braced on the pool table alongside Liam's head.

"Keep holding on to the cue," Louis reminds him, then pushes in with one long stroke.

Fuck, but it's good, splitting Liam open with an ache that makes his toes curl and his knuckles whiten. Louis stays deep in him for a long moment, then pulls out and slams back in, grunting with effort. 

"Is this what you wanted?" he asks, fucking into Liam with quick, sharp strokes. "Is this what you were asking for?"

"Yes, fuck, yes," Liam gasps. The angle's amazing, Louis' cock brushing against his prostate with every thrust, and Liam thinks Louis must be up on his tiptoes to manage it. His arms are bracketed on either side of Liam's body and Liam feels surrounded by him, overwhelmed by him. He loves it. Most of the time these days Liam feels like he's twice Louis