. It made the Korean devil want him, want him so much until one day he snapped, all control broken into a million of pieces.

They fought. It was mostly one-sided. Sehun believed it was part of the chase. He would take the man fairly, giving him a chance. It was a laughing matter really, how a devil wanted to play the fair game to make an angel his for the eternity.

He would be cruel as well, playing with the humbled male until he gave up totally.

He stared. It was a pity his skin needed to get like this. So perfect. A small kiss was placed on an especially deep gush on the man’s shoulder, right where human anatomy met celestial being. The man shivered and let out a sigh. Beautiful.

His kisses went south until he reached the man’s tailbone. He licked the feverish skin leaving a thin strap of cold making the man shudder.

He will make the man his. True enough. Shall he let the man off with some minimal pain on his part of should he just… No. His cries of pain sounded so good, oh so good, so Sehun abandoned the thought of gentleness. It wasn’t needed.

He skimmed his hand up again the man’s chest, scathing the skin of his neck and collarbones, then went down to his chest, plunging one clawed finger through his skin and between his ribs. Close. So close to his heart. It was beating so fast. So fast. The man almost fell again at the contact and finally he broke. Sobbing fruitlessly into his hands, trying to contain his screams.

Sehun pouted childishly, he wanted that sound. He had an idea. It would later be beneficial anyway. He went lower and lower until he touched the firm flesh of the man’s abdomen. He patted the area, almost lovingly. Almost. He started nicely by tearing the skin one finger at one time. When he already had five fingers seated comfortably into the soft flesh, the man was sobbing, numb and silenced. He repeated the action with the other hand. The man just barely moved.

That couldn’t be good. Almost sadistically gently he took the man’s jaw with bloody fingers and delicately connected their lips. He knew that the little press of fingers would give the larger man a bit more life force. The beauty of being one of death descent: you could fuck with something as fragile as life.

He slid his wet hand down from his abdomen, and closer and closer to the man’s private places. He scratched the area, just a bit, not enough to draw blood but enough to send the man reeling with something he could assume to be fear…maybe anticipation.

He decided to tease the man no more and finally took a grip of the man’s junk and started to steadily jerk him off with movement was too slow and grip too loose to actually please the other man. The brunette uttered a soft moan drenched with frustration.

‘Patience, little one.’ Sehun chuckled. ‘I will make mine.’ A bite to the larger man’s lobe. ‘Soon.’

The man sighed and relaxed slightly. Sehun smiled seeing the submissive position the other man took and buried his face into the soft feathers of the wing. It would be a shame when they won’t be there anymore. Oh well.

He couldn’t wait anymore. It was already unbearable. The heat in his stomach was spreading into his entire body. Take him. Take him. That’s what it told him. He was going to take. Everything. Until it wasn’t anything else to take.

Sehun was thankful they were already naked because he didn’t feel like having the patience to do that in their current situation. He swiftly slicked his own cock with the other man’s sticky blood and positioned it to the man’s pink inviting entrance.

He pushed in with one single go forward and the man beneath him screamed. Screamed so beautifully that Sehun couldn’t control himself and started thrusting into the pliant body with fervor, ruthlessly.

The black haired angel was sobbing in pain once again, the moves ripping his insides. He was sure he was bleeding by now, but his body long refused to fight. It was a lost fight. He could only take it. Take it like he was built to bear the handsome devil’s sin like a craving into his skin.

Seeing the man stuck in silence and numbness annoyed the younger devil, who started thrusting even harder and pumping the older man’s cock at the same time, sending small jolts of pleasure into the tortured body.

He shifted his thrust a bit, and by the laud moan he heard from the man underneath him, he knew he managed to hit spot on his prostate. He figured that he could use the wings for some support to aim his thrusts even better and with more force.

The brunette man was already a moaning mess when Sehun felt the end coming closer and closer by the tightening of the coil in his stomach.

He decided