her not to touch it either, as she left the room and left Maki to finish up.

Pulling her out of her thoughts, a blue haired girl pushed her way through the doors, a girl she recognised, but not one that she could put a name to.

“What happened?” She said, stopping in front of the bed and frowning as she looked over his bindings.

“You know what they have in the dungeons, don’t you? Furthest cell down, there’s a… Creature there.”

She appeared quite agitated by her words, but Maki shrugged it off. Why would she be offended for it? 

“He went in to provide it with food and was attacked. That's all there is to it.”

She opened her mouth, as if to try and argue against her, but she shook her head,  Right… I see.” She said, “Thank you for telling me.”

Maki was about to ask why she was so bothered about this, taking umbrage for a monster and so eager to know what had happened, before she stormed off without another word.

~

“Sonoda, I can't authorise another visit to the cell after the incident. I'm sorry,” He said, “I can't risk another guard getting hurt. Whatever kind of connection you had to her, she isn't herself anymore, that much is clear.”

“Please, sir, I know she wouldn't do this.”

“I'm afraid you can't say that for sure. She has changed. I know this might be difficult to hear, but you will never get her back to the way she was, for whatever reason this has happened.”

Umi didn't want to let on that she knew more as of yet. Revealing the presence of a witch could cause panic, could implicate her somehow, she wasn't sure.

“I understand.”

With that, she left without another word. Although she usually was inclined to take orders from her senior officer, this was her best friend she was talking about. He’d never taken her off the guard rotation, however. She was still able to hold the keys to the cells as she did her rounds, so she weighed up her options in her mind.

Disobey her orders and have unofficial visits to Kotori, or abide by them and break her promise to Kotori.

Her own job didn’t matter at this point. So, when it was her next opportunity for guard duty, she slipped inside unnoticed, not thinking anything would be worse.

But there she was, feathers sprouting all the more from her back, in fact, she seemed to have caught her through a painful bout of skin tearing and snarling, not having noticed her enter. Umi stood briefly frozen.

“Kotori…?”

She raised with a start, feathers bristling angrily, before slowly calming herself down and tilting her head at the girl who had said her name. She remembered her name this time.

“Umi-chan,” She attempted to say it normally, but her voice sounded more gravelly, rough and coarse, as though her throat was severely sore. A sickening crack accompanied the harsh tensing of Kotori’s shoulders, but nothing more came regarding a change. 

It hadn’t been too long since she last saw her and this had already gotten much worse. She hadn’t even gone out to look for the witch yet. The skin of her cheek worn away, two harsh jagged rows of teeth beyond any normal human shape and the feathers now entirely covered her back and appeared to have a strange life of their own, bristling whenever anyone, including Umi herself, approached. She carefully sat herself down in front of her after glancing to the door. 

“I… Brought you a new shirt,” Umi said, handing over something she had taken from Kotori’s former home. Of course, it wasn’t a break-in, but she didn’t exactly have permission. And seeing as her shirt was even worse for wear, still soaked in dried blood and with numerous tears littering the back and the arms, she supposed it was a good thing.

Kotori sniffed at the thing, like some kind of feral dog before clutching it close to her chest, “It smells… Like me,” She observed, slightly delayed in her speech, struggling to remember the words, almost.

“Yes, it’s yours. It’s from your home.”

“Home…?” Kotori tilted her head, but nodded in understanding. 

For a second, the tensed and bristled feathers relaxed slightly, before regaining their hostility. Umi had no idea how she could help any of this. She was powerless to watch as someone she called one of her closest friends twisted and turned into this. And even if something in her mind was telling her that she shouldn’t bother to try and salvage any kind of connection she may have with her and that she was becoming far too monstrous and dangerous to be around. But she didn’t want to throw her time here away. Not the years of friendship they had built