told Kise to preheat oven around 180°C (160°C fan). He then cracked the eggs and poured it on the mixing bowl and added milk and vanilla. He then told Murasakibara to whisk them well with a fork to combine.

After watching Murasakibara gently beating the ingredients together in the mixing bowl, Midorima fetched a large size mixing bowl and started to sift the flour, 1/3 cup of cocoa powder and brown sugar and make well in the center. He asked Kise to pour in the melted butter and milk mixture and asked Murasakibara to stir them.

Whilst Murasakibara was mixing them, Midorima got a hold of a knife and started to chop the dark chocolate into pieces. He then poured it on the large mixing bowl and added the raspberries as Murasakibara continued to stir the ingredients together.

"WOW! That's great Midorimacchi. I didn't know you can bake." Kise said in awe as he looks at Midorima preparing the sauce that they will use for the pudding.

Midorima blushes but not to the extent that it's visible to the blonde. He simply said, "Hmp! Quit exaggerating Kise. This is just as simple as science. If you do know how to read the manual and follow instructions, even a kid can bake a cake."

"Well, that is true. But that's not what I meant. Mou…. Midorimacchi, try to learn how to take a compliment-ssu." Kise whines and pouts.

"I am not happy to receive any compliments from you." Midorima retorted and looked away.

"Nee..Nee.. Mido-chin…" Murasakibara calls.

"What is it, Murasaki-?" and even before Midorima can finish uttering Murasakibara's name, he saw a chocolate colored floppy-cottoned texture in the bowl that Murasakibara is holding. He raised his voice and said, "What the hell happened?! What did you do!?" and quickly snatched the bowl from Murasakibara's hands.

"Ah… Ah…. You stirred it way to hard Murasakibaracchi. It now looks like a cotton candy." Kise said.

Murasakibara stayed silent. He then lifted a finger and dipped it at the substance, coating his index finger and then swiftly licking it.

"Oi! Stop that!" Midorima said as he stretches his hand, holding the bowl, away from Murasakibara.

"Eehh… Mido-chin… give it. I want it. It's sweet!" Murasakibara whines as he extends his arms to reach the bowl.

Irritated, Midorima raised his voice and said, "Enough! Stop it! You will not eat until you redo the mixture."

"EEEhhhh.. No way." Murasakibara answered, lazily whining but his hands still stretches out to grab at the bowl.

The purple haired giant ran out of patience and grabbed Midorima's sleeves pulling him but Midorima tries to fight back. As Murasakibara and Midorima continued to play their tug of war for minutes, Kise simply snickered at the background until the bowl slipped Midorima's hands and he lost his balance and the chocolate floppy-cotton like cream tumbled all over Midorima.

"Ah." Kise and Murasakibara reacted at the same time.

"Mi-Midorimacchi? A-are you okay?" Kise asked worriedly as he looked at Midorima all covered in chocolate cream.

Midorima glared at Kise and angrily said, "Do I look okay to you, Kise?"

Murasakibara, on the other hand grabbed Midorima's left arm and tries to pull him up and said, "Gome ne.. Mido-chin."

Midorima sighed. He removed his eye glasses and wiped the lenses with a clean cloth and quickly put them back on. He felt the sticky cream like substance drip from the tip of his bangs to his cheeks and irked him. As he was trying to calm himself, breathing in and out, he felt something wet touched his cheeks. Startled, his eyes widened and found himself being licked in the cheek by Murasakibara.

Panicking, Kise reacted first, "Mu-Mu-Murasaki-bara-cchi? W-wha-what are y-ou do-ing-ssu?"

Ignoring Kise, Murasakibara then licked the cream around Midorima's neck and it sent shivers down his spine. Midorima quickly jumped away and covered his neck with his left palm, stuttering, he repeated Kise's question, "W-wha-what are y-ou do-ing, Murasakibara?"

"Eh… I wanted to eat. It's sweet like candy." Murasakibara answered.

"Eat?! Quit fooling around." Midorima raise his voice. He raises his left hand and wipes the cream off his face as he thought to himself, 'Urgh. This is so sticky.' Whilst lost in thought, he did not notice that Murasakibara's arm is now wrapped around his waist as he felt something slick and wet grazed his ear lobe.

Midorima and Kise's eyes widened, shocked at just what happened. Midorima squirms and tries to get away from Murasakibara's hold as Kise panics and doesn't know what's going on.

"E-Enough! Let go of me, Murasakibara!" Midorima yells as he tries