deep breath and says, "Talk is cheap. Why don't you demonstrate, and let me decide who's the best?" And Jesus, he can't believe he's trying to set himself up as the sole judge in a fucking competition; there's something embarrassingly frat-boy about the idea, something that makes his fingers itch for the neck of a beer bottle.

After a second, Teyla nods. "Yes," she says, "that would be an acceptable method of settling the dispute."

Ronon's still silent, though, so John pushes a little, "Ronon?"

A quick nod, and then Ronon's leading them to the nearest alcove—John's, as it happens—tugging his sweater over his head as he goes. Once they're inside, John starts to work on his own vest, but Teyla slaps his hands away and, reaching around him from behind, unfastens it herself. John's breath catches as her fingernails trail lightly down his bare arms, and then Ronon's on his knees in front of John, working at the buttons of John's BDUs and John starts to wonder if this is all a hallucination. A really good hallucination.

Teyla's hands slide down John's chest and stomach to slip under the waistband of his boxers as Ronon moves to unlace his boots. Her fingertips skate over him, and he tries to arch a little, to push his already-leaking dick further into her hands. He's not quite sure why he's not just touching himself, pressing the flat of his palm against his dick to soothe the ache, but somehow it seems like that'd be against the rules of whatever game it is the three of them are playing.

John's boots are off and tossed behind Ronon in a matter of seconds, and then Ronon's removing his own boots and shimmying out of his pants, revealing acres and acres of sleek, tanned skin. Ronon's dick is long and thick and John can't seem to stop looking; he's never sucked off a guy who's uncut and part of him wonders how different it would be.

Teyla's hands are sliding up under the hem of John's tee-shirt, her nails just this side of painful as they drag up and across his nipples, making him gasp and shudder. She tugs the tee-shirt off over his head, then sinks her teeth into his shoulder hard enough to make his knees buckle, but Ronon's there, holding him up, pressing against the aching hardness of his dick with one big hand.

John gives up on the idea of trying to remain coherent, of trying to steer the situation away from competition and toward something a little less aggressive, because Teyla and Ronon are playing him like...like some musical instrument that he's too far gone to think up at the moment. And they're both virtuosos, too, because he didn't even notice when they swapped places. Now, though, Teyla's kneeling in front of him and stripping off his boxers while Ronon's standing behind him, the unmistakable press of his dick hard and hot against the small of John's back, and John hopes like hell Teyla's not going to go down on him, because it would be unbelievably embarrassing if he shot his wad this early in the game and fuck but he's close.

She doesn't though. Instead, she stands to strip off her own clothes, and John lets his eyes close and his head drop back against Ronon's shoulder, taking several slow, deep breaths and trying to get himself back under control, trying not to think about Teyla's tits or about how it would feel to slide home inside her, slick and hot and just right. He doesn't expect to suddenly feel her mouth on his dick, and he really doesn't expect her to press forward until he can feel the back of her throat, can feel it constricting as she swallows around him. He comes with a groan. Ronon easily takes even more of his weight, waiting until Teyla's pulled back before letting him slide to his knees, steering him gently down onto the straw pallet rather than the stone floor. Being embarrassed will take too much effort, John decides.

"Lie down," Teyla orders softly.

John complies, a little less gracefully than he'd like because his muscles have apparently been replaced with jello. Lying on his side with his head propped on his hand, he watches Ronon fetch something—a clear glass vial of liquid that John suspects is probably oil, and he had no idea Ronon was so well prepared—until Teyla plants her toes on his shoulder and pushes him, a little roughly, onto his back.

Looking up at her from this angle, measuring the length of her legs and the soft curve of her belly and breasts, he's surprised to find that he's starting to get hard again, and maybe he is under the influence of something, because he