them, reluctantly pulling his hand away when he remembered how fresh the cut was the last time he had seen him.

He was mildly surprised when Poe slowly dragged open his eyes and desperately tried to focus on him. Kylo could feel something within the Force reaching out for him, stirring a darkness inside that he hadn’t felt since – 

Ren’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the door opening behind him. He turned to see General Hux standing proudly in the doorway, his slender figure looming imposingly through the dim light of the room.

“My goodness, Ren, aren’t you the early bird,” Hux laughed to himself, removing his gloves and placing them in his great jacket pocket.

“Explain this, General. What have you done to him?” Ren seethed.

Hux was touring the room, cracking each knuckle with calm, measured movements. “He’s sedated, in a way. I’ve administered a temporary paralyzing agent. I promised you a gift, and here he is. Are you not interested? Ungrateful?”

“Are you giving me the prisoner?” Kylo asked hopefully, despite himself.

The General walked towards where Poe was laying prone, placing both of his hands flat on Poe’s stomach as he leaned forward at Ren.

“Well, it depends on your response. I’m here to propose a sort of truce – the opportunity to overcome your emotional attachment to the pilot by… participating. Then, depending on its effectiveness, we can reevaluate from there, including the opportunity to take ownership of this,” Hux replied, clenching his fists in Poe’s shirt.

Kylo narrowed his brow at the General, as unamused as he was confused. “Emotional… attachment?”

“Yes,” Hux replied with a sick grin, “You care for this pilot, obviously intimately. And I’ll allow you to have him back, on one condition. In exchange for the pilot, I want you to apologize.”

Kylo balked. “Apologize? For what do you feel you’re owed an apology?”

“Do you not understand why we’re here, Ren?” Hux asked, his grin melting away. “We’re stuck in this outdated place on a dead planet because you allowed your emotions to get the better of you. If you had any sense at all in that Force-filled skull of yours you’d surrender or destroy every remaining connection to your Resistance past so we can carry on with our work. And since your past appears to run quite directly through this man,” he shouted, bringing a fist down hard onto Poe’s chest, drawing a choked-off gasp out of him as he closed his eyes, “I, well… I’ve taken the appropriate steps to help you move on from it. And your first step starts with apologizing for allowing your personal feelings to interfere with what little has been asked of you.”

Kylo reached to grip his saber, his fingers twitching with the desire to just cut Hux down and be done with it. Snoke would probably understand, right? He might even show Kylo mercy, as Hux had gotten quite bold recently.

“Is that all, General? Are you quite done attempting to dictate my actions? Because what you see as an ‘emotional investment’ is nothing more than a difference of opinion on how to treat an enemy of the First Order.”

“Oh my,” Hux chuckled, arrogantly. “Is that what you truly believe?”

Kylo glared back at him in response, the thick air of the Force radiating off of him like the heat of a lightsaber.

“Very well, Ren,” Hux replied, moving to the space at the end of the table between Poe’s legs. “You know where to find me if you change your mind about my offer. In the meantime, I’m going to continue wringing what pleasure I can out of this very expensive investment. And know that it will get worse for him the longer you wait.”

Kylo looked on in angry, muted distress as Hux gently pulled Poe’s pants down his legs and off his ankles, discarding them to a corner of the room. With one hand on the inside of Poe’s thigh, Hux made an exaggerated show of lifting two fingers towards Ren before working his way into the pilot with a slick squish.

“Ah, he feels so wonderful,” Hux cooed, locking eyes with Ren. “Still wide open and ready for me. FN-2187’s remaining squad mates were in here earlier and it seems they were able to take out some of their anger about the traitor onto our dear pilot.”

Ren grimaced at the sounds of Hux’s assault, turning away to look down at the man laid out in front of him. Poe’s eyes were open again, silently pleading to Kylo as he struggled to speak. Kylo watched him like that for a while, holding a hand on Poe’s chest as Hux moaned and grunted and fucked in to him at the end of the table.

As a child, Ben had always admired Poe’s perfectly curled hair, but