the fact Cas had the only food available suddenly made being with the angel even more appealing.

"Sure Cas, lead the way." He agreed walking over to see whatever had his little geek angel all excited to the point that had to have a picnic to see it. Cas lead him outside and down a winding path into a nearby forest. They stayed in comfortable silence as they walked the ease of it calming Dean from any stress he had been feeling due to the work on the building. Finally they ended up walking through a break in the trees to the top of a hill that looked over the property they had bought. With the sun setting it made for a beautiful place to have a picnic and if Dean looked closely he could just barely make out his brother's form below sitting outside talking to someone Dean didn't recognize.

"Gabriel. He had to get a new vessel after the incident with Lucifer but he's back now. He is offering to bring copies of all of Bobby's old lore to your new home for Sam along with some of his own libraries if your brother will let him 'hang out' with us." Castiel said easily as he sat out the blanket and sat down on the ground. Dean sat next to him rolling his eyes.

"Sam is gonna play hard to get but he'll agree in a heartbeat if he thinks Gabriel will leave. The dude has been pining after that ass since mystery spot. I have no idea why though. Still as long as Gabriel takes care of Sam and doesn't cause problems what do I care?" Dean huffed and graciously accepted the sandwich Castiel offered him along with a beer.

"Gabriel and Sam share a bond much like ours, only... More sexually involved. Gabriel has decided he wants Sam as a mate. He will let no harm come to your brother. That will not stop him from being a general annoyance however." Castiel said watching as Sam and Gabriel headed into the house and Dean wrinkled up his nose.

"Dude, gross, don't talk about that. I can accept them in a relationship but I don't need to hear anything about Sam and sex in the same sentence, in any context. But good for them. This sandwich is good, did you make it?" He finally asked after taking a bite. Castiel started to nibble on his own and nodded.

"Yes. Sam showed me how to make it before and I enjoy the taste of peanut butter and honey greatly. Gabriel suggested I add more sweetness but I have found that I prefer nuttier and smoother tastes to the sweet ones like he enjoys." He admitted smiling again and Dean had to look away since it did funny things to his stomach.

"Uh, Cas, what are you planning to do now? Since your human and all now. I mean, I understand if you want to leave and experience stuff for yourself. Sam and I don't offer a great view of the world." Dean said though he didn't like the idea of Cas out there... Alone... With him to protect him if something happened. The angel was too innocent for the world Dean knew was out there.

"I'm not leaving Dean, you don't have to worry. Nothing out there interests me very much unless you and Sam were to decide to show me. Sam has become like family to me... More so then my brothers have ever been." Castiel said staring at Dean ugh that searching look he often got. Dean nearly got lost in that gaze with those blue eyes seeming to be looking straight at his soul.

"How are you doing that? I haven't said anything. You're just picking the thoughts from my head. Can you still hear my thoughts or something?" He said blushing as he purposely started looking into the basket Cas brought to see what else was in there.

"No, but I know you better then anyone and your thoughts are obvious on your face. Dean... We don't have to keep hiding this. Sam won't be upset. I don't understand why you get so embarrassed." Castiel said tilting his head as he took Dean's hand in his and Dean sighed.

"I... I don't know. It's still new to me and it's hard to change things like that. I always... I always felt I had to hide my feelings because my dad would see it as weakness and I had no idea how he'd react to knowing I... Well that I swung both ways. Maybe he would have accepted it, maybe he would have disowned me for it. I have no idea. I didn't want yo chance it. Plus Sam will probably laugh his ass off about how I'm not getting any. Not that I mind. Just this is enough Cas. But it's just so different then what I'm used to and I'm afraid of his reaction." Dean finally admitted and Castiel just nodded indulgently.

He knew that Dean accepted his preferences when it came to