the person on the both made it through the border and the inspectors call out the next. I shift my foot from side to side as I watch the lady enter the booth and that's where my eyes landed on the clock on the wall of the booth. The booth will close soon.

No, no, no, no! I can't make it tomorrow! I must enter that booth before the time runs out or I'm a goner!

Sweat freely drops on my forehead despite the cold weather. I watch the clock as it ticks each second, each minute and-

"NEXT!"

I almost ran inside the booth then I finally let air fill my lungs. How long did I was holding my breath? I look over the window as the people on the line the walks away. I did it! I was the last immigrant!

"Papers, please." the inspector calls out.

Lowering my head and avoiding eye contact, I drop all my documents on the inspector's tables and cross my finger with a silent prayer.

 

"What is the purpose of your trip?" He asks.

"I'm moving here," it came out as a whisper but loud enough for the inspector to hear. I can feel his eyes on me for almost 5 minutes before looking down at my papers. I kept my head low, maybe he thinks I'm acting weird, should raise my head?

"It said here that you are male," the inspector said.

I snap up at his sudden doubt of my gender. But my breath was taken away as my eyes lock on his beautiful teal eyes. God, his good looking. He snaps his fingers in front of me, making me flinch.

"Huh?" I said out of confusion.

"It said in your documents that you are male."

"As the document says," Levi actually wants to argue but that is not an option when you are desperate to have the inspector's approved stamp on your Visa.

"Please remove your clothes and face the camera," the inspector said before pulling down the blinds.

I remove my clothes with hesitant. Do I really don't look like a male? Well, the lady before did say that I have a pretty face and gave me a card to a brothel.

I face the camera and flinch at every flash of the camera. I quickly put on my clothes, not because I'm worried about the blinds rising up unexpectedly but it was freezing cold and my teeth started to chatter.

The inspector pulls up the blinds, still looking down at the documents on his table. He didn't look up or say anything, maybe he trashes the idea about me lying about my gender.

 

I clutch the hem of my shirt as the inspector study my documents. Maybe he is taking his time because I'm the last immigrant, I shiver at the thought. Shutting my eyes, I offer another prayer.

Please, please, please, oh God. Please, plea-

"The seal on your entry permit is fake."

My world stop at his statement. Fake. But I paid good money for that, it can't be fake!

"You must be m-mistaken, I-I paid good money for that and I got it from a reliable person." I stutter as I look down at the seal on my permit.

"Then that person tricks you big time," the inspector casually mumbles.

I shiver at the thought. I can't be possible! That guy had all the ID's and stuff, how did he trick me?! Nobody tricks me!

I watch the inspector's every move. He can detain me for having a fake seal but it was not my fault! He said it himself, I was tricked! But the fake seal was a valid reason for denying my request. No, I can't let that happen but I don't have money to bribe the inspector.

I have no choice but to use my last resort, I'm hungry, cold and desperate. I move closer to the inspector's table and beg.

"Please, let me through. They will kill if I go back. Please, I just want to have a new life... I was tricked, you said it yourself so please, I'm begging for your kindness." I beg desperately. Just one red stamp on my Visa is the end of me.

The inspector just stares at me with empty eyes but after a few seconds, I can see the hint of smug on him.

"I do I have in return?" he asked with a smirk.

I was taken aback with the question. So this is how the inspector works, I want to strangle him and put the green stamp on my own but. There are guards outside and maybe the inspector was armed, not to mention that my face will be all over the place if I manage to attack him successfully. But I don't have any money or anything valuable to me, I search my pocket for any, money, random, anything! But what I