all the people he could remember that were involved with the music video that had won him “Best Music Video.”

He took his last few seconds before they cut him off to say, “Last but not least, I’d like to thank the love of my life. They were the inspiration behind my entire album and this video wouldn’t have been what it was without them.”

Zayn had just returned from interviews and photos that were taken backstage when they announced the winner of Best Record of the Year.

“We’re even now, Malik,” Liam said from the stage holding the statue in his hand. “I just want to thank everyone who gave me a chance and listened to this record. I was scared to let it out into the world at first, but my partner in crime convinced me to shake of my fears and insecurities so I really owe this to him. Everyone’s support with this has been more than I could dream of.” Liam went on to thank a few more people from his label and team for their help with the song and getting others behind it.

Liam and Zayn were having the night of their lives. They were even on wins and on top of the world. When Best Song of the Year was announced, Liam jokingly booed as Zayn walked to the stage. There was a camera in Liam’s face so people would be able to tell that Liam wasn’t doing it with malice, but with blithe.

Zayn chuckled as he climbed the steps to retrieve his award. “Shut it, Payno,” he laughed. “What would your mother say?” He graciously thanked everyone involved with the song before he started getting a little flustered.

“To be honest, I can’t believe I’m in this room right now, let alone on this stage. Music is such a personal thing and to know that other people connect to the music we’ve created and care about it on the same level that I do is the biggest high I could ever feel.”

Liam stood up and applauded after Zayn’s speech and gave Zayn a hug and a pat on the back when the cameras were off and Zayn had returned to his seat.

Neither one of them won for Album of the Year, it went to a more established musician who they both looked up to and were inspired by growing up. They hadn’t even hoped to win that award anyway. However, the last category they were both nominated for was Best New Artist and Liam just knew that it was going to go to Zayn.

That’s why when Liam’s name was called he didn’t register it at first. Zayn elbowed him in the arm lightly to get his attention. That brought Liam back to the present although he was still in shock as he took to the stage. He was sure this was just a dream or that the sleepless night he’d had because of his nerves were causing him to hallucinate.

“Wow, I don’t actually believe my name’s attached to this. It has been such a good year for new music and new artists. I couldn’t have asked for a better group of people to even be nominated with. It’s crazy because this time last year my fiance and I were practically living out of our car but I promised him that this would be our year. Thanks for sticking with me, babe! I wouldn’t be here without you.”

After the show, reporters outside were going crazy to talk to Liam and Zayn about their wins and their speeches. “Liam!” One reporter shouted. “We’ve known you were engaged since before your album came out, but no one knew that your fiance was a man. What made you decide to come out tonight?”

“I’ve always been out,” Liam smiled. “No one’s asked about my fiance because I like to keep the focus on my music. The only thing I’ve ever actually hidden about him is his name because we didn’t want public attention on our relationship to distract from the music.”

Zayn came up beside Liam and pulled him into a big hug. The reporter reached out and pulled him into the interview, “How’s it feel to have a couple of Grammy’s to your name now even though you lost a few to Liam?”

“It feels amazing, I’m honestly shocked I won anything. As for Liam, I love this guy so I was completely rooting for him. If I’m going to lose to someone, I want it to be him.”

“Even though he booed your Best Song win?” Liam moved to open his mouth and say something but Zayn laughed and put a hand on his chest, holding him back.

“Before this gets out of hand, let’s make it very clear that Liam was only joking and that I know he was only joking. He knew I was nervous and he was trying to make me laugh. This entire rivalry the media has exploited has been one big joke between us. We’ve both been freaking out about this