was the day Makoto saw the light go out of those blue eyes. Once gleaming at the sight of water, they were now dull and dark no matter what was put in front of him.

Because of Rin.

Makoto never understood how Rin impacted Haru so much; he had never seen anyone able to change Haru from the stoic boy he had always been. Maybe Rin meant more to Haru than Makoto knew? That thought hurt him terribly, although he never expressed it.

But the hurt subsided, at least a little, when Makoto saw Haru staring down at him after his own heat race. Was that a faint shimmer in his eyes? Or was that just the sun playing with him. He didn’t know, but that was enough to return the smile to Makoto’s face.

They won the relay at the prefectural tournament; they’d made it to the finals. Makoto had never thought Haru would swim with them after the incident with Rin, but even Haru could be unpredictable at times.

The brunet’s heart had fluttered and beat wildly in his chest as he saw Haru’s graceful but powerful form cut through the water, easily taking over each and every single opponent. Had Haru returned to his normal self?

Nagisa had tagged along with Makoto to Haru’s abode to get him to come to the summer festival. Makoto hadn’t expected Haru to agree to come so easily – his eyes were still dull and he was even more sullen than normal. But when Makoto had poured out his heart, when he had told Haru how happy he was to swim with him again, with everyone, it was as if a blue fire spread across the oceanic eyes.

Makoto had never seen anything more beautiful than what he had seen that night, when the light once again returned to his beloved Haru’s eyes. Never had his heart hammered so violently when Haru expressed his desire to swim in the relay with them again.

The evening just got better and better. Makoto’s heart swelled with happiness when Haru started to smile, when he actually put in the effort to get goldfish for him.


Maybe I do mean something more to Haru.


It wasn’t a figment of imagination that Haru had, in actual fact, started to smile more and openly express himself better. Makoto loved this Haru, loved seeing the smiles that used to be oh so rare. But Haru’s development was because of all of them, wasn’t it? It wasn’t because of something only Makoto had done, Nagisa and Rei did have a part in this.

That theory flew out of Makoto’s mind the night they had stayed together at the hotel. Haru had never, ever slept with his back to Makoto, but as soon as the words were out of his mouth he knew exactly why Haru was acting so strange.


‘Makoto, I appreciate you being here for me. Thanks.’


Then he was gone, with the excuse of going for a run. Makoto lay back down and smiled to himself in the dark. That was one of the first times Haru had been that embarrassed.


I do mean something to Haru, don’t I?


Rin lost his race, and he lost it by far. Makoto glanced over to see Haru rush out of his seat and reacted quickly enough to follow him. Haru, Haru who had always been so apathetic and distant about everything, was now running after Rin. What Haru had said to Makoto last night vanished in an instant. Makoto felt lost.


Haru loves Rin more than he loves me.



~


Crouching in one corner, it was as if Haru’s fighting spirit was crushed. Makoto looked over to where he was, head buried in his arms, sinking back into despair. Why was it that Rin, who had made Haru quit competitive swimming, who had hurt Haru, seemed to be getting all his attention?


What exactly am I to Haru? What have I been this whole time?


Rei gave up his place for Rin. Haru’s eyes shone brighter than ever, and he enthusiastically ran out to look for Rin. Makoto played his part – he made good effort to look for the missing red-head, all he wanted was for Haru to be happy.

And Haru was happy. That relay was the first relay in which Makoto could really tell Haru was putting in his all. Just for Rin’s sake, just to show him how much it meant to be able to swim with the best team ever. Even though Rei hadn’t yet had a chance to experience this feeling, Makoto knew that Haru still accepted him as part of their new-found team. Rei would see that wonderful sight soon.

That day, all conflict with Rin was solved. There was no longer any tension between the two, no longer any hateful rivalry. Rin went back to Samezuka, Rei was now a part of their team.

Did Rin still mean a lot to Haru? Was he the second most important thing to Haru now? As much as Makoto wanted Haru to be happy, it still hurt that he didn’t mean