want to make the best of the time we have together” he whispered.

 

~

 

They ended up watching a movie, snuggled together on the couch. Haru never really cared much for movies, but this one caught his attention. And it wasn’t even about water. The summary read:

“Having made several close friends during his high school years, Kaito is devastated to part ways as he is forced to leave for university overseas. He cannot stop thinking about his high school life; he is on the brink of giving up. But what lies in wait for him? Can he restart his life again with the help of strangers?”

What sort of movies do people even watch? Haru grumbled to himself initially when that was the only one available for rent that night. Once it was in the CD player however, the whole story had enveloped Haru easily. The protagonist made him think of Makoto, and that was why.

Midway through the movie, Haru couldn’t take it anymore. He couldn’t stand the thought of Makoto leaving him. He couldn’t have Makoto making new friends and forgetting about him. He didn’t want to be alone again.

“Makoto. Are you going overseas to study?”

“Hmm? Ah well, I was meaning to tell you soon. I got an offer from Tokyo University yesterday.”

Haru’s world crashed. Just like that. It was like a bomb had dropped onto him. Everything was blank. The pain in his chest was heavy. His breath hitched.

He knew that Tokyo was still in Japan. But he couldn’t take the thought of Makoto leaving. Slapping all thoughts away, he fought to remain composure. I have to feel happy for Makoto.

“So, are you taking up the offer?

“I’m not sure, what do you think Haru?”


Don’t go. Don’t go. Don’t go.


“Go with your gut.”

“Go with my gut?”

“Not everyone gets accepted you know? I think it’s good. I’m glad for you, Makoto.”

The warm laugh rang in Haru’s ears and filled his heart once more. How was he going to survive without Makoto?

“Thank you, Haru-chan. I’ll think about it.”

“Un.”


Don’t leave me.


 

~

 

“Goodnight, Haru-chan.”

“Lay off the –chan.”

The warm laugh filled the cold air once again. Haru sighed.

“Goodnight.”

Haru felt Makoto tense up behind him after he had replied with a simple ‘goodnight’. Was returning the favour really that unusual? Haru sighed again as he leaned back into the broad chest.

It was just habit. Makoto always needed to hug something to sleep. In his own bed he would hug a huge killer whale plushie Haru had gotten him when they were still small children. At Haru’s place, he would always have to hug the smaller boy to sleep.

Haru never minded it though; instead he had grown so accustomed to it to the point of actually liking it. That was another thing he never told Makoto – he didn’t dislike physical contact with his best friend despite the cold silent aura he gave off. And he never had trouble sleeping when Makoto’s arms were wrapped around his waist, or when Makoto was around in general.

He was always safe with Makoto.

 

~

 

Haru stirred when he felt Makoto’s arm move a little. He didn’t realise that he had turned around in his sleep – his face was now pressed into Makoto’s chest. The sky outside was still dark, it wasn’t even close to dawn yet. The boys were still groggy, Haru more than Makoto at this time.

Gently lifting the blanket to cover Haru, Makoto stroked the raven hair before setting his arm back on the other’s waist. Haru was hardly aware of anything happening. His mind was much too clouded with sleep.

“Makoto…” he murmured against his collarbone.

“Yes, Haru?”

“Don’t leave me…”

“I won’t, Haru.”

“Don’t…don’t go anywhere…”

“I’m right here, it’s okay.”

“Don’t go…”

“I really won’t, Haru. Shh”

That wasn’t enough to satisfy Haru’s subconscious state of mind. He reached out to grab Makoto’s shirt and pressed himself closer.

“Stay with me, Makoto…Don’t go anywhere…Stay…P-please…” his voice was drowned to nothing but a whimper, his hands clutching tightly onto his life-support.

The brunet smiled into the soft black hair. He gave Haru a small squeeze before reaching down to take his hand.

“I’ll always be here for you, Haru. Always. I won’t leave, promise.”

Haru drifted right back into a deep sleep after that.

 

 

 

The very next morning, Haru refused to wake up upon Makoto’s requests. Being the soft lump of sentimentality he always was around Haru, Makoto