." He jerked his head back to his mother." What?" He let out, scared. Talking to an official about what happened was the last thing he wanted to do. He didn't want to talk about it at all. He wanted to forget that it happened and move on." Yeah. I'm not going to let him get away with this." She said, decidedly. " But mum." He pleaded, anxiety pooling in his stomach." Zayn, she's right. We have to tell the police. " Harry nodded his head, his hand on his hip " Mum," He whined. They did not get it. If he talked to the police he wasn't only going to tell it to them but he was going to admit it to himself and he didn't want to. It was too painful." Zayn, he was going to." She breathed heavily, unable to complete the sentence. " I won't let him get away with this. I can't!" She shook her head, adamantly. Her eyes fierce and determined." But I don't even remember his face." Zayn exasperated, throwing his head back. He could feel the tears pricking at the corner of her eyes. He honestly didn't remember his face, all he remembered was those monstrous hands. Even in his dreams, it wasn't his face he saw. It was his father's." Tommo does. He could," Harry suggested, his eyes soft with concern. Zayn let the tears loose, wincing slightly when the came in contact with the bruise on his cheek." But," He shook his head, furiously." Zayn." His mother called out to him, her tone pleading." I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to..." He kept shaking his head, till it started hurting his neck and he felt dizzy." Babe, you don't have to." Harry approached him, placing his hands on his back, trying to stop him." No! I know it's hard. But you have to stop it the first time or else it'll continue on." Zayn swallowed the lump in his throat, taken aback by his mother's outburst. She stood up, pacing a little. " He'll think there are no consequences of what he did and then he will do it again!" She yelled, a pained expression on her face. Zayn could see the tears in her eyes. He knew what she was contacting it to. His father." Mum, I'll do it. " He tried to reach her, getting off of the bed but tumbled when nausea hit him." Zayn," She screamed, reaching out to him before he could fall." I'll do it," He mumbled again placing his hands on her arms." He hurt you, Zayn. I can't let him get away like this." She placed him back on the bed, settling the pillows behind him." We'll talk to the police. I'll tell them. I'll call Louis." He continued on trying to reassure her. A small smile came to her lips." Thank you." She placed a kiss on his forehead, wiping the tears from his face. " I'll call officer Brady." She nodded at him before leaving the room.Zayn looked at Harry who still stood beside him. His elder brother was looking at him with a fond expression on his face." You should call.." He coughed a little before continuing " him." Zayn was still confused about his brother's sudden decent treatment towards Louis but he didn't question it. He nodded slightly, dialing Louis' number. " Zayn!" A smile crept up his lips when Louis picked on the first bell." Hi, Louis. " He scratched his head, awkwardly. It was strange for him to be talking to Louis in Harry's presence." How are you?" " I am fine. I." He breathed heavily, trying to find the words to explain it. " I need you to come over."" Are you okay?" He could almost picture the frown on Louis' face." Yeah, I." Zayn started again, pressing at the knots bundling in his chest. " Mums calling the police. She wants me to file a report. I don't remember. " He swallowed, biting his lower lip." His face." It came out more sheepish than he had intended." I'll be there in a few. See you, Zaynie." Zayn sighed as the line dropped. He placed his phone on the table, feeling tired even though he knew he had a long day ahead of himself." Is he coming?" Harry sat in front of him, his head down." Yeah," Zayn said." How is the pain?" Harry looked up at Zayn, his green eyes filled with concern." It's fine," Zayn said. His gaze landed on a the drawing in Harry's hand. It felt like his heart had been scratched out of his body. It was his drawing,