!”

He bowed dramatically, gesturing for her to go downstairs first. She snorted and hooked her arm around his to pull them both back to the dining table.

They sat down across from the waiting couple. Marinette’s arm loosened, brushing her palm against his as she took back her hand to lift the lid from a pot.

Adrien’s mouth watered at the smells in front of him: baked fish from Nino, soup from Alya, bread from the bakery, and Marinette also brought the pie he helped her make last night when he visited.

And there he was, the model, bringing salad. Marinette laughed, reassuring him that they  did  need a side dish, before helping serve out the food.

Alya yawned deeply and covered her mouth. “‘Scuse me. Couldn’t sleep last night.”

She rubbed an eye with one hand before pouring herself a drink. Adrien’s eyes flickered in a double take - she must have rubbed away some of her concealer. The hue of her dark circles started to peek through the makeup.

...Wait.

Adrien asked Nino to pass the pitcher of water. Nino leaned forward closer as he handed it over, into the patch of daylight coming in the window behind Adrien.


 Ah-ha. 


Earlier he didn’t think about why something seemed off about Nino’s appearance when he arrived. Nino would have gotten away with it too, if he and Alya had the same base skin tone. Her neutral-toned concealer especially stuck out against his warm-toned skin in the natural daylight.

The amount of effort Nino was putting into hiding everything made Adrien feel a familiar anxiety that fluttered in the pit of his stomach.

“You said you were working on a new song for your next gig, right? How’s work on that going? Need any help?” Adrien smiled, earnestly eager to know.

Nino shook his head. “It's going great! I'm actually almost finished with that notebook you got me; I've been getting so much done lately that I'll have a whole new set soon!”

Adrien saw Nino grip his utensils tighter and had to force his own smile to stay up.

 

 

“So... Nino still hasn’t told you anything?”

Marinette’s voice broke the silence as they walked back to the subway station. The sun was starting to set, casting a warm glow over them.

Adrien whipped his head to stare at Marinette. She looked at him expectantly with a small smile. “Sneaking around in his room isn’t the sign of an emotionally open friendship, you know,” she said.

Adrien knew he’d been caught earlier but he hoped that Marinette wouldn't bring it up. He sheepishly looked away, rubbing the back of his neck. “Yeah. By the looks of things I think he's getting a little worse. He even avoids bubbles in almost everything he can now. He was lying about a couple other things too. I just hate that I have to pretend I don't notice these things.”

Marinette nodded solemnly. “I understand that. When Alya first had her nightmares, she refused to touch the Ladyblog. I had to run it for a little while, remember? All the photos were blurry at best and I even had to come up with theories in her place. They were so bad that even Alya laughed.” She covered her face with her hands, as if embarrassed, before letting them drop. “But it got her to get back into things, just a little.”

Adrien ruffled the back of his head with a sigh. “She told you about the nightmares though. Nino lied about not needing my help with so many other things lately. I'm used to this emotional distance with Father, but with Nino?” His head drooped. “At least I know what's bothering him and I want to do something about it if I can. If I don’t understand, then I need him to make me understand how I can help him.”

Marinette hugged an arm around Adrien’s waist. He hung his arm around her shoulder and let her lean herself against him in comfort as they continued on.

“We can't save everyone, we’re...not superheroes. But we can help in the ways we can and you’re doing that. Nino can't ask you for help sometimes but I know he still appreciates that you care for him even with that distance. That's still important.”

“It’s been so long since our classmates got akumatized. They’re still affected by it and I can't help but feel guilty that I can't understand how they feel.” Adrien let his hand grip her shoulder, missing the way he would twirl her pigtails in his fingers before she cut her hair. “We were all just kids...we should be grown up and happy now, right?”

Adrien felt Marinette’s hand around his waist clench his jacket. “We have to stay positive for them,” she said softly into his jacket, like a promise. “Even if