a level 1 human cleric for her.”

“But this is a Rokugan campaign and you told us to prepare level 5s,” objected Sasuke.

“No, no, I can work with this,” said Kakashi, handing Sakura back her sheet and busily scribbling into a notebook.

Sasuke scowled. “You better not be planning to dumb this down.”

“You’re such a fucking minmaxer,” said Naruto.

“If you want another TPK go play at Guy’s table,” Sasuke shot back.


Minmaxer? TPK?


“A minmaxer is someone who is obsessively focused on gaming the system to produce the strongest character. TPK means total party kill, a complete wipe of everyone playing,” said Kakashi, as if he read her mind. “Cool it with the jargon, kids.”

“Whatever you say, old man,” growled Naruto, then suddenly brightened. “Hey! Check out the minifigs I made for my character!” He fished around in a backpack and produced two Lego figurines. “This is for when he’s in human form, and this is for fox form!”

“The fox form is out of character knowledge for the rest of you by the way,” said Kakashi. “Let’s get down to business. So. You all meet in an inn–”

Sasuke and Naruto groaned loudly.

“You all meet in a fucking inn, and don’t think I won’t make you take a penalty for being drunk if you piss me off,” warned Kakashi, shutting up both guys effectively. “You are all mercenaries waiting to be hired. An old man comes in, saying he’s a bridge builder who needs an escort. He’s already hired one bodyguard, named Kakashi–”

“What, we’re using our actual names for our characters?” said Sasuke.

“It’ll be easier for Sakura starting out.”

Naruto pouts. “Aw, but I picked a really cool name this time. Kurama!”

“You’ll live. Kakashi, the bodyguard, says he needs more people, but the bridge builder, Tazuya, is on a budget. So all he can afford is you three.”

“Where does he want to be escorted to?” Sasuke asks, pulling a hardcover book titled Oriental Adventures out of his bag and opening to the index.

Kakashi mockingly waggled a finger at Sasuke. “No such luck this time, Sasuke-kun. It’s not in there. You’re going to the Land of Waves.”

“Wait a minute, wait a minute, we haven’t established something very important here yet.” Everyone looked at Naruto expectantly, and he said earnestly, “Are there any hot people in this inn?”

When they took a snack break, Sakura had to admit that it was more fun than she expected. Since her character was signficantly weaker than the rest of the party to begin with, it didn’t matter so much if she made mistakes, because she was practically a second escort NPC to the rest of the party. But she also had the excitement of being the only one to level up, when a combination of a natural 20 and some good roleplaying made her the first to master a new skill that the NPC bodyguard was teaching the player characters.

“So what did you think?” said Kakashi. He was slouching against the wall by the snack table with his hands in his pockets. “Good enough to come back next time? I would hate to have your character die a horrible death off-stage. I prefer to kill my players in front of me, where I can watch them curse my name and the names of all my dogs.”

“Do you really have dogs?” Sakura popped a Cheeto into her mouth.

“I have eight dogs,” he said. “I like dogs more than most people. In both senses. Here, do you want to see them?”

He pulled out his phone and Sakura exclaimed suitably at picture after picture of some truly cute dogs. “Wow, everything from a pug to a shiba to a bull mastiff.”

“You like dogs?”

“Yeah, I do, but I never had one growing up. My mother’s allergic. I went through a phase where I got all these books about dog breeds out of the library and researched them obsessively, deciding what dog I would get as soon as I was grown up.”

“And what did you decide?”

“I could never decide,” she laughed. “You’re lucky to be able to have eight. You must have a big house.”

“So do you have a dog now?”

“No, unfortunately. No pets clause.”

“Where’s the Mountain Dew?!” came a shout from the table. Sakura turned to see Naruto surveying the snack table with dismay.

“Kankurou’s not here, remember? Drink water for once. How the hell do you stay looking like that when you consume nothing but ramen and sugar anyway?” a girl with a wild, spiky blonde hairstyle who was sitting in Shikamaru’s lap said.

“Temari-san is right!” said a guy with an unfortunate bowl