. Have a seat next to Miss Valentine."

He gestured to an empty seat next to a young woman who grimaced. Cloud shyly walked over and sat in her assigned seat. She looked over at the other girl, taking in the sight of long silver hair and angular features before looking away. She chanced a quick glance back, but the girl didn't even acknowledge her.


Murmurs (Lady Fox)


I am here; I lay where lady fox sleeps. You are me, I am you. Take my heart, my blood, and in return, give me your skin, your curse.

All I wanted was for you to love me. Your sin is unforgivable.

I love you, my lady, my liege. I would not do a thing to betray you, to lie to you.

Notes:

Compiled: 2015年7月28日（火）

A lot of these are hella old. Little Red Cloud is the oldest, and that particular snippet was written down back in 2013. I'm uploading this to show I'm not dead. But if you must know why I haven't been around...

The Elder Scrolls Anthology. I bought it. I shouldn't have. But I'm not having any regrets. I love it so much. The only problem is, Elder Scrolls games are impossible to break free from once you get into them. It's gotten so bad, I've been reblogging tons of Elder Scrolls stuff on Tumblr. I will try my best to get back to writing. I even made myself an update schedule to-do list.

There are in order:

1 - a new fic, which is very nearly done. I told myself no more new fics since I have over 20 ideas put away for new stories, many of them novel-length, and the eight or nine in progress fics aren't making me feel good. However, I made an exception for this little project for reasons I'll explain once it's up.

2 - Gold and Silver chapter 8. I've had this document since January and I still haven't finished editing it. I actually forgot about it for months straight. I feel so bad.

3 - Tanuki chapter 14. It needs a desperate update, hahaha...

4 - Remake of On My Celebration. It won't be uploaded on FFNet and it'll be tagged on AO3, so you can have an easy time avoiding it. I'm thinking of remaking more than just that one, though...

I will be continuing and updating much more than that, of course, but this is what I plan on doing once I can kick my butt into writing for the billionth time. I do tend to write lots of things I don't post, though, so consider this a little teaser. But I do wonder...would anybody be interested in seeing the full versions of all of these (besides the next chapter to Gold and Silver) in the distant future? -w-

PS: I am not exaggerating about the 20 ideas. It's actually very close to or a little over 20 plot bunnies I can't write. Hahahaha. :'D




Heavy Metal Idiots


"What lasts longer? Cirrhosis or lung cancer?"

Cloud belched and took his jacket off, tossing it back into the hotel room before leaning over the balcony. "I bet you'll die first."

Sephiroth snorted and took another drag from his cigarette. "I bet you're right."

"I envy you," Cloud said sarcastically. "You'll be out of hell, and I'll be stuck here, alone, for who knows how long."

"Long is the way out of hell that leads up to the light," Sephiroth quoted. "You haven't walked far enough to get cirrhosis, but you do stink like it."

"You don't have lung cancer," Cloud pointed out.

"Nope. But my lungs are dying faster than your liver."

"Alright, then, gimme." Cloud snatched the cigarette out of Sephiroth's hands and smoked it.




Devil Appeared Sporting Heels


Before he could grasp even an idea of what to say, he saw a shadow on the wall in front of him. He would've dismissed it if it weren't for the silhouette looking like a woman in heels somehow doing a full split while standing on one foot.

The blond sat there for a minute or two, his mouth opening and closing quickly as if he were stuttering silently. Eventually, he managed to ask, "Who are you?"

"I'm Tim Curry reincarnated, BITCH!"

The voice was obviously and undeniably male as well as loud. Cloud jumped back, knocking over a jar and a candle and causing the flame to go out.

By the time Cloud got over his shock and relit the candle, the shadow was gone. Quickly, the blond scrambled back into the center.

"M-mister Tim Curry, sir! Please come back!"




(SPOILERS) Doll (SPOILERS)


In record time, he made it to the alley where he saw the bit of