a nice bubble back, yeah?" Liam kissed the mating spot on Zayn's neck, earning a warning growl from Harry. The whole room grew silent.

A gasp slipped passed my lips as Harry tore Zayn away from Liam, "I don't like you kissing Zayn right there. You aren't even mated him. Treat him properly, not like an omega slut."

Liam let a warning growl slip past his lips, "Mine."

"No. He's not your's. You haven't courted him at all, nor are you two dating," Harry gritted out, placing the omega in his arms and walking off the bus. "Lou, follow me." I watched with slight jealousy as Zayn pushed his face into Harry's neck and shut his eyes, inhaling for comfort. But, I knew what Harry had done would make Zayn feel better later when he was not distressed.

-

[Josh's POV]

 

Liam started to curl up into Zayn's bed, letting out a whine. He really looks like a puppy dog, a kicked one at that. It seems as if Zayn chose Harry to him, seeing as the omega is no longer with him but with Harry. But, me and Niall know he's just seeking comfort from a bad dream from a friend and in order to be with Louis, he had to be with Harry.

Something's off about his scent. It was too panicked, but he smells different. Usually, his scent is very sweet, vanilla, and tea and homely. At the moment, it's less there.

"Go cuddle with Liam, love. He needs it. I'll lay with you guys in a minute," I pecked Niall's mark, walking outside and finding my way to the hotel room. My fingers curl around the key card before swiping it on the lock, letting myself in. "Hey, I got Liam and Niall cuddled together for the moment- what is happening?! What happened?"

"Uh, hey Josh. Zayn scratched himself while we were asleep and it's pretty deep and we called a doctor that can come here to check on him. The doc said, 'I think I know what's happening, I'll be there in 10 and make sure the alpha is there. So go get Liam, yeah?" Louis spoke quickly but demanding.

"Liam," Zayn said in a dazed voice with a tiny omega whimper. I gasped and pressed my lips to his forehead before dashing out the room to fetch Liam and Niall. Thank god this hallway isn't narrow like normal.

By the time I made it to the tour bus and by the bed, I was breathless, "both of you, up! Zaynie needs you two!" We all made it to the room once the doctor did. Everyone, besides Liam, sat in the entertainment area, waiting for the checkup to be finished. All of us were curled up on the biggest couch, bouncing with impatience and basically biting our nails off.

-

[Zayn's POV]

 

My heart starting pounding in my ears as I sensed the presence of two people, my alpha and some random bloke. "Alpha," my voice cracked from all the crying and apparently the lack of water. Arms folded around me, making me feel better.

Safe. Home. Alpha.

Everything seems distorted and blurry around me, nothing's clear. I feel my vision becoming more focused and everything coming back to normal after a few minutes of being in Liam's arms.

"He's not fully in normal headspace, but I'll speak to you now about it." A stranger's voice emerged my senses. "He dropped pretty severely, usually omegas that are on suppressants drop in a severe state when they're not sure if their alpha wants them and when they're stressed. It's very rare. What happens is, is that the omega will become secluded in their bedroom or in this case, tour bus. They'll sneak alphas clothes and sleep with them, it's not noticeable if it hasn't been long. All they think about is their alpha when they sleep. I'm guessing he had a really bad dream where you died or left him and that's why he was screaming your name in panic and scratching himself deeply. Considering Zayn is famous, you need to take extra care of him. His drop won't wear off till maybe tomorrow, a possibility could be that it lasts another day. He needs to be kept hydrated and full, full of your scent and the pack's scent, and most of all, you need to keep him in your sight. As far as I know, he can understand what I'm saying, but not fully comprehend it. I want you to give you these vitamins I'm about to give you too. And I'll be back in a month to check on the wounds." Hands placed bandages over my scratches and I curled inwardly, feeling insecure under the alphas