bulky gold watch on his wrist.

“Why did my watch and the clock in the shop stop at 11:19? Why did your watch also…but that girl’s phone didn’t. No one else seemed to have a problem. What does it mean?”

“It means we’re running out of time,” he said quietly, head down.

“I recognize you…I had a dream…”

The boy winced. “I have to leave. Don’t talk to anyone who looks like me. Don’t even look at them. Just walk by, and the first chance you get, run.”

The boy pulled his hand from Kyungsoo’s and quickly disappeared around the corner. Kyungsoo let his hand fall to his side and watched after him.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

He had made a terrible mistake. The glass broke and he panicked. He shouldn’t have let Kyungsoo see him. He knew he’d try to remember, no matter what he said. He just hoped, prayed that he would take his advice and leave. He hardly had any hope that would happen, but he had it nonetheless.

He leaned against a wall, waiting for him to come out of the building of small, lopsided apartments.

He was three minutes later than usual, but he appeared, running a hand through his black hair. He stopped to talk to a little girl selling flowers across the cobbled street. He smiled widely, his eyes curving upwards and his awkward laugh ringing through the streets in the early morning.

He felt the familiar pain in his chest, wishing he could talk to him, see him smile like that for him. But he couldn’t let him remember. If he remembered, he’d die. As much as it hurt to see him look at him like a stranger, at least he was safe. Nothing mattered, as long as Kyungsoo was safe.

But he caught the familiar figure ducking into a side street, a hat pulled low over his eyes. It was an easy face to remember, as it was one he saw so often. He sighed and turned his back to road, disappearing into his own side street, walking parallel to the route Kyungsoo took most mornings, glimpses of the main road flashing between houses.

Kyungsoo left for work early, heading to the jeweler to see if he could get his watch repaired. The slick little man working there examined his gold watch with a small eyepiece that made him look like a robot or a scientist.

“Okay, I’ll see what I can do, but it doesn’t look like any of the clockwork is broken. This is a really well made watch. I hope I can get it back to you in working order.”

“Thank you, I appreciate it.”

Kyungsoo smiled and pulled his coat around him tighter, stepping outside the shop and walking leisurely off towards work. He was a little early, but he didn’t mind opening ahead of schedule.

He yawned, running his fingers through his hair. He’d love to check the time, but the clock across from his seat behind the counter still said 11:19. Just like his watch.

Kyungsoo pulled over a chair, stepping up and carefully lifting the clock off the wall.

He messed around with it, trying to get it to work. He took out the batteries and put them back in, and the clock began to tick. He checked the clock on the computer and set the hands to 7:11 AM. What was the problem if the batteries weren’t dead?

He went about his work, getting ready to open. The morning was slower than normal, but besides that, nothing out of the ordinary. Kyungsoo read a book to pass the time, until he heard a strong voice like caramel pulling him out of the story.

“Excuse me, your clock stopped.”

Kyungsoo blinked, looking in the deep brown eyes of the boy standing before him. He glanced at the clock on the wall, and at the fancy gold watch on the boy’s wrist, both reading 11:19.

“So did your watch.”

The boy looked down at his wrist. “Did it? Oh, that’s odd. And at the same time too. That’s quite the coincidence.” A strand of his slicked-back blonde hair fell across his forehead. He looked back at Kyungsoo, a smile spreading across his face. “I guess I’ll have to get a coffee, since it looks like time is standing still.”

“Time isn’t standing still, you just won’t know what time it is. What can I get for you?”

“Iced americano.”

Kyungsoo prepared the coffee, glancing at the boy, who had picked up his book and was examining the cover.

“I love this book,” he said as Kyungsoo slid the coffee across the counter. “What’s your name?”

Kyungsoo stopped. “Why are you asking me that? You seemed to know me quite well yesterday.”

The boy’s eyes narrowed