deep breath. He quickly rose from his warm blankets, squealing as the cold air hit his skin. He walked out of his room, not even taking notice of the pile of laundry that wasn't his, that had stood in the corner by the door for almost a month now, because the person it belonged to could not for the life of him fold t-shirt correctly.
He slowly padded across his apartment, stopping in the hallway to stare at his reflection. He scrunched his face as he saw his hair and the bags under his eyes. His natural hairstyle was erratic, his bed head fluffed and flipped out of place.
He spent a few minutes just trying to fix his mane, until he gave up once he ran his tongue across his front teeth and grimaced.
Oikawa brushed his teeth, and washed his face. He stretched, pulling his arms above his head and rubbing his sweater covered grands together to combat the morning cold.
He looked down at his chest and looked at the sweater. Granted, the hideous color made it something he'd never wear in public, but it was also the most comfortable thing he owned. It's not his fault that the person that bought it had such a horrible sense of fashion, and wore & washed it enough to make it that snug.
Once Tooru made it to the kitchen, he started the coffee maker and hummed to himself, pulling out the sugar and cream.
Oikawa poured himself half a cup of coffee and half a cup of cream in his favorite mug. It was horribly misshapen, with a dent in the side and the handle poorly shaped, along with a messy mix of colors of green and blue. He received it as a gift after he made fun of it on his first date at the ceramic store with the person who also blushed furiously after writing their initials, "OT + IH" on the bottom.
Tooru smiled fondly at the memory before pulling out the stainless steel pan that he was pushed to buy because the person he went shopping with claimed that it'd be better than the copper one, and began making the same person's favorite breakfast; bacon with potato slices and black coffee.
He set the table for two, and then waited on the balcony of their apartment, staring down at the hustle & bustle of people and cars.
He hummed the song that was always being softly sang by the person who often sat in his exact spot as he drew or read.
Tooru stared at his watch, figuring he had a few minutes to himself to shower and fix his hair before the person he'd been waiting for would actually show up so Oikawa can get his daily kiss to really, truly start off his morning.
He sang off-key, loudly to distract himself as he massaged the soap in his hair, and dressed in the same, ugly sweater before coming outside of the bathroom. He took a step outside before quickly stepping back inside the washroom and slowly poking his head out to watch the person in the tight t-shirt that he loved for the specific reason of being able to watch every single movement his muscles made under it (and because biceps, but that's our secret). The figure ran his long, tanned fingers through spiked, black hair as he bent down to quickly eat the food on the table, and then turning around with a piece of bacon in his mouth before heading down the hallway Oikawa was watching from. The person had his phone so close to his face because of how bad his eyesight was in the morning, and didn't even notice Tooru preparing to scare him.
The second the person took a step near the bathroom door, Oikawa jumped out and latched onto the side of the person, screaming bloody murder.
The person jumped, almost dropping his phone as he cursed loudly. Oikawa rested on his knees, grabbing the person's leg as his face returned to his normal mischievous smile.
"Iwa-chan, do you know what time it is?" Tooru asked, giddy.
"You scared the living shit out of me, Oikawa," Hajime gasped.
Tooru stood to his full height, wrapping his arms around Hajime and kissing his neck, "It is ten in the morning, meaning I need my daily dose of Iwa-chan and cuddles!"
Iwaizumi sighed, finally wrapping his arms around Oikawa's waist and squeezing lightly.
"I just worked out, I gotta shower first," Hajime said, attempting to pull away.
Tooru clung onto his shirt, balling it into fists, "Then I'll join you."
Hajime stopped, "Didn't you just shower?"
Tooru looked down at the love of his life. He looked around for a split second around their apartment, thought about his entire routine. How much of Hajime is in everything. How much he loved it. Oikawa shut his eyes closed tight, seeing nothing behind his eyelids except loving kisses and soft smiles and warm hands and thoughtful caresses and Hajime, Hajime, Hajime.
"Tooru? Are you alright?" Oikawa opened his eyes belatedly, watching worried green eyes.
Tooru stared blankly for a few