from his face then shot Zack a glower that ought to have melted him on the spot. "And how big a drill would I need to find in order to bore it into your head that, however chummy you may be with Angeal, we are noton first name terms?"

With Zack suitably distracted by a sniggering Kunsel, Genesis breathed an inward sigh of relief. He was hardly going to admit that Lazard had forced him take back-up against one monster because of 'Genesis's health reasons'.

He was disappointed with himself. A spot of the monster's blood had landed on his boots, dammit!

But as he went to retrieve his blade from the body of the vaporising monster, pulled it free from its spine and rolled its weight off Hojo's mangled body that disappointment started to lose its grip, and in its place, was a curious combination of something like stage fright and the thrill of being trapped in a storm, that feeling of being part of something bigger than others were aware of, of being on a stage and knowing that he had been cast in a speaking role, and bubbling up from depths he hadn't known still existed a sudden, nervous agitation that could almost have been the tiniest flicker of fear.

Because Genesis knew about the Stranger, didn't he? He knew about his existence, and if the Stranger could bring about Hojo's death with his mysterious ways, and do it, with the weight of the other seven staff on his conscience (such insignificant men, Genesis had no doubt that they were collateral damage), what was to stop him doing it again and finding a way to remove Genesis too?

And then Genesis found he was laughing, his head tipped back, his shoulders shaking, his hands on his hips, and he was laughing loud and long in a ringing silence as the troopers and Turks paused in their activities to watch him.

He was laughing because he had a new reason to be afraid, not the reason of a monster - afraid of his mutating body and that thing twitching and sliding under the skin of his back like a bat buried under his shoulder blade - but the incredibly human reason of having his perhaps his life under threat, and, to feel that now when any claim to being human seemed to be slipping from him day by day, wasn't all that so funny?

The Stranger had performed.

He sheathed his Rapier and to the mesmerised shock of all those watching, started clapping his hands.

"Bravo!" he laughed, as the last of Black VIII started to fade away. "Bravissimo!"

Genesis hadn't felt this moved by a performance in a long time.

"Guys, it's alright," he heard Zack say in the background, apparently soothing the nerves of the troopers in the platoon that, no, one of their elite Soldiers had not just swandived laughing off the deep end. "Angeal says he's always like this. He's just theatrical."

Cloud had never claimed to be a tactical genius, and frankly he had never wanted to. It smacked too much of Sephiroth and the last thing he wanted to do, after fighting to prove that he wasn't a Sephiroth clone, was to try to think like him.

Of those he considered his friends the only one who could possibly claim that title was Vincent. When the mood took him (or when Cid, or Denzel, who had caught the bug from Cid, was being especially persuasive for a game), Vincent could out-chess a chess board, but on the whole he seemed to prefer deferring to whatever 'charge into the fray with guns blazing' idea Avalanche had come up with next, occasionally supplying a warning or pointing out potential problems and deftly guiding them along as they went.

Perhaps it was one of Vincent's ways of rejecting what Shinra had made of him. Maybe thinking of people in terms of pieces to manoeuvre and costs and losses reminded him too much of his times as a Turk and where his loyalties, that in the end had caused him so much pain, had once lain. Cloud had never asked, and now, sent back in time to this barely familiar world, he would never know.

The point was, Cloud was more than aware that he was a little out of his depth when it came to strategy. If he made a miscalculation, nobody would have been less surprised.

For one thing, he had hoped that Hojo's death would distract the Turks from their scan of the Shinra mainframe. The creeping program with its crackling and snapping searching fingers, however, was still advancing file by file, working methodically through the system.

A program was a program, but the people using it and analysing its results were people (yes, Cloud had conceded that Turks were people too). Surely such a dramatic accident involving the death of Shinra's most preeminent (and despised) scientist would have turned their heads and got them up and running from their desks? But, no, the Turks were professionals, and worse, he could tell from the messages they had sent each other that they suspected that this was