"I'll need you to hold still for me, babe. " He said bringing Marco's thighs together and nuzzling his neck. "Think you can do that for me?"

Marco was starting to get the picture of what exactly Jean was trying to achieve and nodded enthusiastically. He's always wanted to try it, his thighs were so sensitive he always came harder when they were facing each other so he could have Jean's waist between them, his sharp hipbones stroking his skin... the friction felt amazing.

As Jean's cock first slid in between his legs, Marco felt the urge to spread them but was kept in place by Jean's hand on his thigh. He held him firmly but gently, his thumb stroking soothingly at his hipbone as he started moving his hips forward with purpose. The heat of Jean's shaft rubbing the sensitive skin of Marco's thigs felt incredible, he clenched  them together and started rocking back onto his lover's thrusts.

It all felt so good, Marco's warmth and smell, his strong thighs pressing together and creating an incredible friction around him. It wasn't as hot as Marco's ass but was just as tight and jean loved the feeling. "Damn, Marco, it feels awesome." Jean breathed against the other's neck. "Does it feel good for you too? Tell me babe, please." Jean mouthed at Marco's neck and shoulder and started thrusting harder onto him.

Jean's cock slid over his perineum and Marco moaned loudly at the stimulation. "God, Jean! It feels good... Please, Jean... touch me!" Marco was breathless and his body felt so hot, his cock impossibly hard and starting to ache, he needed some kind of release he needed Jean to touch him or he would explode. Jeans arms moved over his chest and stomach and held Marco closer but never touched him where he needed the most. "Jean, ah! Please."

"Sorry babe, no touching. You've got to pay for being a tease." Jean took Marco's writs and forced the boy's arms crossed over his chest with his own. His thrusts gained more force and the head of his cock went past Marco's balls and rubbed the underside of the boy's dick. Marco moaned and squeezed Jean's length between his thighs again.

"Fuck, Marco you're so good baby. I love your thick thighs, love how they feel around me." One of his hands let go of Marco's arm to stroke over his hip and down his leg. "They look so good in these thigh highs, made me want to fuck them even more."

They moved together like that for some time, Jean praising Marco and pawing at every available inch of skin his hands could find and Marco griping hard at the bed sheets trying to fight the urge to touch himself. Both their bodies feeling hot all over and sweat sleeking their movements.

Jean caressed Marco's body, smoothing his hands along his sides and trailed wet kisses down his neck and shoulders. 

Marco held onto Jean's forearms and squirmed in his arms, unable to decide whether to arch onto Jean's thrusts, hands or mouth. He wanted to touch himself but also didn't want to break one of Jean's rules (he always gets some kind of treat when he followed them). So he concentrated instead on the delicious burn of his inner thighs being rubbed raw by his boyfriend's dick.

Jean's rhythm started to falter as his climax approached, and the sounds Marco was making made it hard to hold back. "Ah! Marco, I think... I'm gonna come." Jean nudged Marco's chin so he could reach his mouth and kissed him deeply. Marco moaned into the kiss and crossed his ankles to intensify the pressure on Jean's shaft. Jean came with a groan muffled against Marco's lips and pulled the boy closer by his waist riding out his orgasm.

As Jean came back to his senses, he noticed Marco's hands were once again fisted onto the bed sheets and his legs were trembling slightly. He kissed Marcos temple and pulled away from him turning him on his back. "You were so good to me baby. Let me take care of you now." Jean brushed some of Marco's hair away from his forehead and ran his hands down his arms taking his hands and kissing them before focusing on the mess he left on the boy's thighs.

Jean made room for himself between Marco's legs and started kissing one knee and up the inner side of his thigh.  He looked beautiful like that, spread out on their bed breathless and still shaking from arousal, his elf hat was nowhere in sight but he still looked delicious in the remains of his costume. His hair was all messed up and his cheeks were red, and his come covered thighs twitched and trembled at Jean's every touch.

"Jean! For the love of god, do something or just leave me alone already!" Marco whined covering his