movement. When he rounds the bend, the shape is a dark blur against a distant hillside. 



It doesn’t look threatening, but Cullen keeps an eye on it all the same, intending to watch until it vanishes over the hill—but it doesn’t. It stops halfway up the hillside and stays there, moving in tight patterns. Cullen can’t tell what it’s doing, exactly, or really what it is, but the movement looks familiar…



 He stays where he is, watching. After a long while—near an hour, by his count—the light is too dim to make out anything but a flicker of shadows, and the form starts moving back towards Haven. Cullen straightens, one hand on his sword, and waits. 



As the shape nears, it condenses into Tamsin’s slight form. Her pale skin is blotched red from adrenaline and exertion, her hair plastered to her skin with sweat, and she’s shivering. 



“Herald?” Cullen asks, frowning. She looks up, startled, her hands tightening briefly on her daggers’ hilts, then scowls. 



“Commander,” she greets, her scowl disappearing behind a smile. “You’re out late.”



“As are you,” he replies. “Exacting revenge on some nugs?” He gestures to her blades. She shrugs. 



“We’ll go with that,” she says as she passes him, in a tone that is both cheerful and final. She smells of sweat, leather, and the spicy-sweet tang of healing potions. Her bandages are gone, but the line across her face remains, bright against her skin. 



“How was training?” Tamsin asks. Cullen falls into step beside her as they head back towards the village. 



“Satisfactory,” he replies. “We could use more resources, especially more iron, but there’s enough for the recruits we have. They’re an eager lot, if raw.”



“What they lack in skill, they make up for with enthusiasm?” Tamsin guesses. Cullen chuckles. 



“You could say that.”



“I’m sure you’ll make fine soldiers out of them yet, Commander.” Tamsin smiles at him, then turns and is up the rock wall and through a gap in the wooden barricade in one, two, three. It’s an odd habit, one that he assumes is particular to Dalish, as he hasn’t seen any other rogues do such an impressive imitation of a goat. Despite her speed, Cullen can see that her gait is heavy, her jumps a hair low. She’s more tired than she’s letting on, and he wonders what exactly happened in the Hinterlands. 



None of her companions volunteer information, however, and he doesn’t ask. 



Cullen sees Tamsin head up the hill to practice on her own almost every night over the next several weeks. Gradually, her quick grace hardens into something more sinuous and powerful, and he can see a corded strength growing in her. Every so often, he waits at the turn in the road until she comes down the hillside, and they walk back to the village together, talking about the soldiers, requisitions, camps in the Hinterlands, the new horses Horsemaster Dennet has brought to them. Tamsin walks with him through the front gate, those nights, instead of taking her shortcut up the rocks, and he appreciates the gesture. 



Eventually, she and her party come back with fewer wounds, and then none at all. They ride into the village sitting tall on their steeds, and while they always look tired, it becomes the weariness from a long journey, instead of from fighting too hard for victories that came too close to defeat. 



The cut on Tamsin’s face, from that first venture into the Hinterlands, never goes away. It stays stark and red for a long time, though it never becomes infected. Cullen passes her washing her face after getting back, once, and sees her take time to clean the cut carefully. She never applies a healing salve, though. It eventually heals over, turning from a sharp red to the pink of a new scar, and then a raised line of white that cuts through the branches tattooed on her cheeks. 



“Why?” Cullen asks, once, many weeks later. Tamsin looks at him, eyebrows raised in confusion. 



“Why what?” 



“Why leave that scar?” He asks, gesturing to her cheek. “Surely you could have healed it cleanly.”



“I could have,” she agrees, raising her fingertips to gently rub the scar, and is quiet. Cullen waits. 



They reach the gate to the village, and Tamsin pauses there instead of continuing on. Cullen turns to her; her expression is thoughtful. 



“Have you ever been at a point in your life where you realized that you’ve been doing everything wrong and could very easily get a lot of people very badly hurt?” she finally asks. 



A shiver flashes across Cullen’s skin, and he swallows, looking down briefly. “Yes,” he says, and hopes she can’t hear how rough his