shared with Jess, how he seemed to be formed wholly out of Sam's years of unspoken longing, how his actual physical presence inside that room negated every single thing Sam had convinced himself he wanted, needed. In that moment, he knew.

He heard the shower dial off and he dried his eyes and laid his wrist across his brow bone. The door opened after a long moment. Sam listened as Dean traversed the room, he shifted his hand to watch his brother, clad only in sweatpants, wet hair still spiky from being towelled.

"What? No tv? No porn?"

Sam shook his head. "Too tired to get it up. And what else is the point?"

Dean nodded, a small smile. "If I didn't think it would make me a menopausal bitty, like you apparently are, I'd agree. This job has worn me the hell out."

"It's over now."

"Yep." Dean was rustling through the plastic convenience store bag, pulling out two long-necks. "Here, this will take the edge off and then you can sleep like a baby, baby."

Sam sat up and took the beer. "Thanks."

Dean fell onto his own bed, leaning back against the headboard, tipping the mouth of the bottle to his lips. Sam watched the taut length of his throat as he swallowed and he had to look away.

"Dean?" he asked and it sounded a bit like throat clearing.

"Mmmmm."

"Do you ever think about that year before I left for Stanford?"

"I don't know. What do you mean? What about it?"

Sam smiled, keeping his lips from breaking into a splitting grin; Dean knew exactly what he was referencing. He swung around so he was sitting on the bed facing his brother and slowly he began undressing. Sipping at the beer between discarded shirts. Long fingers tugging at the hoodie zip pull, and then feeding the bottom few buttons through the placket on his flannel, tossing the clothes to the end of the bed. He reached up, over his head, and pulled the t-shirt off and ran one hand over his chest, smoothing at the curling hair there, lightly tapping at the tattoo, paying homage of sorts. He reached for the beer and glanced under his lowered lids at Dean, he was being watched carefully but cautiously. He drank and set the bottle on the floor, bending over, and began untying the practical five-hole Docs he'd scored at a thrift store the week before.

"You gonna tell me why or is that it - do I ever think about that year?"

Sam grabbed the sloppy ends of both socks and tugged them off his feet, wriggling his toes, pulling one foot up onto his knee and massaging each digit slowly, see-sawing his fingers deep into the webs, gently pulling each knuckle until it popped with a satisfying release. Listening to Dean exhale. "What's to tell? Just wondering if you remember it," he paused, sucking his lower lip in under his top teeth, "and you do."

"Maybe we're remembering different things, Sammy."

Sam grinned over at him, nodding, reaching for the almost empty beer now and sucking down the last of it, foamy backwash and all. Then he shook his head. "I don't think so, Dean."

Dean got up and fished two more beers out of the bag, then reached for a third and returned to the bed, handing one to Sam.

"How come, tell me this, Sammy, how come in all these years, all we've been through, you're bringing that up now?"

"I've just been thinking about it, that's all."

"That's all? Huh." Dean swallowed half a bottle of beer with one pull. He let out a shaky breath. "Like, just now you've been thinking about it?"

"No. Not just now," Sam said softly. He unbuckled his belt, then let himself fall backward, kicking both feet up onto the bed, crossing his ankles. "Sometimes," liar, he thought, always always always, "I miss that closeness. We felt inseparable then. Unstoppable."

"Yeah. So inseparable you split." Dean snapped his fingers, "Just like that," and finished the second bottle. "I didn't even know you'd applied. I had no idea you were going. Anywhere. Guess you don't remember that part of how inseparable we were. You left and..."

Sam had both hands up over his eyes again, pressing until he was seeing blue and white explosions. "And what? And what, Dean?"

"I don't want to talk about it."

"Of course not." Sam turned on his side, away from Dean, curled his knees up towards his chest, rolled his fists below his chin and began solving equations with two variables until he fell into tormented sleep.

***

Poor Boy sandwiches, bags of chips and two drinks; the Impala