everything will be fine." He says gently kissing his neck…damn Francis! He knows he is sensitive there.

"If you behave…I promise…the reward will be well worth it." Francis says smirking as his hands trailed further south.

"WHY CAN'T YOU GUYS LEAVE IT IN THE BEDROOM LIKE NORMAL PARENTS?!" Alfred yells shielding Matthew's eyes.

"And in front of a child?! Have you no shame?!" Alfred says acting so offended. Matthew was mad.

"I am not a child!" He says angrily. Francis let out a laugh.

"non, I do not have shame." He says kissing Arthur passionately before pulling away leaving Arthur blushing in front of his kids.

"J-J-Just go get dressed! We are going out to eat with your uncles!" He says blushing bright red. They locked up restaurant as they left home. Alfred drove with Matthew and Arthur went with Francis.

"He is going to meet us at the house." Arthur says as he looks at his phone to see a message from Allistor. Francis nods.

When they got home, Allistor was already there talking to Matthew and Alfred. He was wearing a new suit and Dylan was in the car, obviously listening to music. Francis parked and Arthur got off the car. His brother had a smile on his face, but as his eyes met Arthurs, he knew right then and there this wasn't just for another hit mission. They told a different story. This wasn't going to be good.

To be continued….

A/N: Hey! Thank you to anyone who took the time to read my story! Okay...so I promise the next chapter will be longer and hopefully up in a few days.

Please leave a review if you liked the chapter

Thank you to anyone who has reviewed.

Love you guys,

-zen4365


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

“Nice to see you, brother.” Allistor says with a smile as he walks toward Arthur. Arthur looks unamused.

“Allistor.” Arthur said as a greeting before looking to his boys and throwing the house keys to them.

“Boys, go get dressed. Quickly.” Arthur says. Matthew and Alfred looked at each other as they rushed into the house to get dressed. When the boys rushed inside, Francis walked after them. Arthur stayed behind with his brother.

“You could have warned us you were already here…you know how Francis is with his appearance…I hope you are willing to wait at least an hour.” Arthur says to his brother, who laughs and ruffles his hair causing Arthur to swat at his hand like a cat pawing at an owner.

“Of course, I came early, Dylan wanted to see his brother.” Allistor says just as Dylan walked out of the car.

“Stop telling lies, you arse! He made me get all dressed up because he wanted to be early. Said it would tick you off.” Dylan says outing Allistor’s true intentions.

“Yes I wanted to annoy my wee brother!” Arthur says taking Arthur into a hug, which he was trying to get out of.

Allistor messed with Arthur’s hair again and set him down…meanwhile Dylan was laughing at Arthur because he was blushing and had an angry pout on his face and looked like a little kid.

“Go get dressed.” Allistor says as they three enter the house.

“Don’t tell me what to do!” Arthur says.

“Oh my gosh! It’s Arthur’s rebellious phase again!” Dylan says laughing thinking of when his brother dyed his hair purple and would ‘question authority,’ Allisor was so mad that day.

Arthur gave Dylan a glare before going upstairs to change. Well more like marching upstairs to change.

Dylan stopped laughing and looked at Allistor.

“Do you think he is going to take the news okay?” Dylan asks. Allistor took out a cigarette and lit it. He decided to use a little decorative dish that no doubt Arthur set out, as an ashtray.

“Probably not. But this isn’t his decision to make…it wasn’t then and it still isn’t now.” Allistor says as he takes a long smoke.

To Be continued….

Okay i am so sorry for the short chapter. This is really short, but I really wanted to update today and I probably won't be able to update till Monday! I promise that Chapter will 3 alot longer!-zen4365


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Soon Matthew and Alfred were downstairs waiting with their Uncles. Dylan was asking Matthew about him going to college after he graduated. Allistor asked to speak to Alfred alone, and took Alfred outside to talk. When Allistor took him outside he wrapped his arm around Alfred.

"I have a job for you and your dad. There is a man, we just need some intel. It's mostly just for your dad, but I want you to be there incase things go wrong." Allistor says. Alfred knew that the man they were going to watch was someone dangerous if Allistor wanted