'riture?"   He is unshaven, burly, and wearing a checkered shirt.  Next to him, another thinner man snorts and buries his head in his arms.

"Fuck you, gravedigger," says Dean equably without turning his head.  The burly man's mouth drops open.

"Well, boy, I got to ask how you know that."

Dean bares his teeth in the man's direction.  "I know a gravedigger," he says, "when I see one."

As the man drops his eyes, muttering something predictable about queers, Dean throws a ten onto the bar and gets up, stalking toward the pool table and beginning to play a marginally competent game.  An observer not watching the sweet line of his jeans as he bends for a shot might notice that he holds the cue wrong.  Might even, as a couple of the pool players do, drift over to where he is cursing himself quietly as he knocks the ball off-center.

A man in a black AC/DC t-shirt offers him advice, laughing, and Dean glowers up at him.  "You think you can play better than me," he says.  Pauses.  Hitches his hip up onto the rim of the table.  "You think ... you can play better than me, is that what you think?"

AC/DC smiles a bit.  "Yeah," he says, and his friends elbow each other.  Dean scowls at them too:  two stringy guys and a girl with red hair and a semi-decent rack.  Dean picks her to mock-pout at, and her eyes widen.

"You too?  You think he's better than me?"

She opens her mouth but AC/DC cuts her off, "Hey man, that's my girl.  Don't go talking to my girl."

"Your girrrrl," Dean says, and smiles at her with open appreciation.  "Congratulations."  She's watching him under a blush -- an observer might say, she's helpless not to -- and AC/DC lunges for a cue.

"All right, cityboy," he says, "But don't cry afterward, cos I'm gonna fuck you."

"And he called *me* a queer," says Dean to himself.  He hops off the table and gestures with the cue.  "Rackem.  Oh ... and we're playing for money, right?  Isn't that what you pool hall boys do?"  He fishes a wad of money out of his pants pocket and hands it to the girl, then tucks a strand of hair back behind her ear.  It is soft under his fingers.  "Can you count this for me, honey?"

She flips through the bills and then motions AC/DC over, whispering urgently in his ear.  AC/DC shushes her and then looks around at him.  "Two hundred, huh?  Are you fuckin crazy?"

"Yeah," says Dean.  "Certifiable."

"Two hundred," says the girl in a soft voice.  "He's sharkin you."

"You got it, honey," Dean replies, and smiles a little at her.  "I can take him, and I can take you, and I can take anything I want out of this dirt town."  It's a pretty speech, punctuated by an "oof" as he backs up into the table, waving the pool cue around as if he's conducting a choir.  "So c'mon, quit fuckin around.  Let me take your money from you."

AC/DC looks at him again, looks at the girl and his friends.  Then he shrugs and racks up the balls.  He is obviously familiar with the table and he acquits himself nicely, making a corner pocket shot that even makes Dean's eyebrows lift a little.  He is six balls up before he hops a ball a little too far left and the 9 ball misses.

Dean smiles, wipes chalk dust onto his jeans, and asks the girl if she has a brother.

"Yeah," she says, ignoring a scowl from AC/DC as he slumps against the wall.

"You guys get along?"

She smiles.  "Yeah."

"Good," he says, and turns to the felt.  It is quick and painless, and over in a few minutes.  Both Winchester brothers think that Sam is the smarter one, but he could not have computed angles so capably or quickly, which is why one of them plays the ingenue and the other circles slowly, waiting for blood to hit the water.

"You sharked me," says AC/DC as Dean slides the eight ball home.  "You fuckin sharked me, a fuckin queerass loser like you."

"I told you take my money," says Dean.  "You couldn't do it, so shut the fuck up."  The girl holds out his cash, and he takes it back, then he waits.  AC/DC eyes him.

"You ain't very tall, are you."

Dean's eyebrows go up again.  "My brother's the tall one."

AC/DC looks at him once