two cocks , think you can handle it ? " i leaned closer to harry and grabbed his cock he moaned out slipping the cock ring on i looked at him and he nodded eagerly .

" Good cause you already had no choise .. And sluts Don't to cum , Do they ?? You won't cum till i say so " i grabbed his face and kissed him hard he fell down on the bed me on top of him .. I pulled back saying " lou streach our little slut " he nodded ,

I sucked a mark on Harry's Collarbone .. And punched his nipples .. I started sucking at his nipples flickering my tongue around each one Making them Hard and red While lou added his second finger into Harry

" listen slut i will sit on your face and you will eat me out " i commanded him .. He nodded slowly

I switched my position so my ass was in Harry's face .. And my head above Harry's cock .. Louis was infront of me streaching harry .. I snogged his face of while strocking harry's cock .. In the meantime harry was licking my arsehole .. I moaned loudly before taking him in my mouth .. I sucked hard .. He moaned in my ass and started tongue fucking me .. I moaned around him and deepthroated him .. The metal of the cock ring was kinda a bother but i didn't care i kept on sucking him .. He moaned before pushing his tongue deeper

Lou was jerking off while streaching Harry with his whole hand in and out

I felt the familiar knot in my stomach .. So i took harry out of my Mouth .. And pushed myself of him .. He whined " shut it slut we're gona Destroy your pretty little whole " i said

" louis get your hands out of him .. And stop jerking yourself slut " i said looking at his direction .. He nodded " come closer " he did as he was told

" you gona do whatever i say , Got it ? " he nodded " you will sit behind and spread your legs .. One leg will be around my waist so your dick will be beside mine and the other you will be tangled it with mine .. Hurry up Bitch and as i told " i commanded him

And he did exactly as i told now his peins was resting beside mine

" Harry come closer you slut and louis coat up our dicks with lube "

Harry scotted closer to us and lou lubed up our cocks .. Harry's Back was facing us as he croushed down slowly on the two cocks .. He let out a whimper .. Then after a while a long throaty moan

" Ahhhh .. Y-yyess " he moaned

" Fuck your so tight even with two cocks fucking you " i moaned and thrusted harder into him

Louis was moaning and sucking a love bite at my neck He found my sweet spot i moaned thursting my cock into him

Louis was doing the same .. I felt the familiar knot again and i knew i am gona cum

" Ohhh yesss feels so good to be full with two cocksss Ahhh " harry said between moans

And that send me Over the edge i Cummed undone into him filling him up with my juices .. Harry clenched around us and it was louis time to cum .. He cummed with a scream of Harry's Name

I was panting hard trying to hold my breath sweat dripping from our bodies till harry said : " D-daddy P-please can i C-cum Ohhh "

Oh yeah i forget the cock ring on harry .. His balls seems heavy i quickly slipped it out of him and he shot rops of hot white liquid screaming :

" BEST FUCK EVER "

He was panting , trying to catch his breath he slowly stood up and tried to sit on the bed but failed and fell on the ground

" Hazza , are you Okay ? " i asked

" I'm fine That was the best Sex i've ever had " he said getting up from the floor and sitting on the bed

" Agreed " me and lou said at the same time .. I looked over to him and he blushed

" Can we do that again ?? .. Probably with the New Slave " harry said winking at me

" Oh Fuck yeah babe " i kissed him

I got up from the bed and walked to the bathroom when i reached the bathroom door i turned around and said " I'm gona take a shower , wanna join me " i winked at them

Hi ! Hope you liked this chap .. The next one Niall will be in it .. Ready for some Ziall smut ?

Zayn Gets Niall his new Slave , and also he's a virgin, there's parts for this Ziall smut in the last part enjoy x


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The next Morning Zayn left the house early he had a couple of things to do at work Lou and haz were still sleeping They must be tired yesterday Was Really ' hot ' !! I Will Definetly Do Three-somes or Four-somes more Often since he gona get The ' new slave ' Today Zayn smirked to himself

Zayn was in his office doing some boring Papper Work .. he didn't have to come though the secretary would have done it !

there's