Hinata nodded his thanks before burying himself back into his pillows, his eyes filling with a new round of warm tears. He didn’t want this to happen. He really didn’t want to ruin the slim friendship he and Kageyama had just because he may of had a . . . crush? Is that what you would call this?

Hours past and Hinata didn’t sleep another wink. His head rested on his dampened pillow, his eyes watching as the sun slowly rose. I need air. He thought after a few moments. Hinata pushed himself up, quickly and quietly shuffling out of the team’s room. He pulled on a pair of track pants and a baggy jumper. Grabbing his phone, Hinata checked the time, a saddened sigh escaping him. 5:32 am. He shook his head quickly and slipped into his running shoes. Maybe if i avoid him this will all go away?  Hinata quietly crept through the house making sure not to make a single noise because he knew that Daichi would kill him if he was awoken at this hour.

As he escaped the house, Hinata looked out over the horizon; the sun kissed the edges of the water as it rose from it’s deep slumber. He still couldn’t get over the view, it was truly breathtaking. Hinata stuffed his phone in the pocket of his jumper and began ambling down the  pathway, sighing deeply. Surely this is just a phase.

The images of the dream wouldn’t leave his mind. The images of how Kageyama’s body glimmered in the light of the moon, his chest rising and falling deeply as Hinata would trace his fingers over the defined muscles. Hinata walked for about fifteen minutes before he came to a park. There was hardly anybody in the park at this hour in the morning, well, despite the few people who actually wanted to go for a morning run. Hinata knew that Kageyama would be up around six to go for his daily run.

An amalgamation of frustration and despair filled Hinata's body as he sighed, slowly sinking down to take a seat at the bottom of one of the huge trees that sheltered majority of the park from the sun. He tucked his knees up into his chest and rested his chin on the baggy material of his track pants. Why now? Why now of all days? Why did i have to have that dream now? Hinata shuddered when a small breeze rolled past, the cooler air gently nipping at his neck. Hinata froze, his body tensing somewhat.

He silently wondered if that’s how he’d react if he felt Kageyama’s breath fanning over his neck, his fingers curling deep into Hinata’s pale hips; after all, that was how he reacted in the dream. “No.” Hinata growled to himself, shaking his head frantically. “No way.” He whispered to himself. What if i really do like him? What if he likes me? Hinata scoffed. He wouldn’t like me; he practically hates me. Sighing at the thought, Hinata rested his head back against the tree, his eyes slowly drooping shut. Considering that he had been up since 3 am it was fair to say that he was beyond exhausted.

It had felt like he had just shut his eyes before he was being shaken awake. Hinata’s eyes fluttered open, his heart stammering when he noticed the familiar pair of dark eyes glaring into his lighter ones.

“K-Kageyama? What’re you doing he-”

“What’re you doing here, Hinata? We’ve been searching for you all morning, you jackass. Get up. We leave for our practice match soon!” Kageyama’s cold tone chided. The bitterness that Kageyama always used towards Hinata whenever he was mad had him convinced that Kageyama hated him.

“I-I’m sorry.” Hinata replied quickly, his smaller frame quickly freeing itself from Kageyama’s hold. I don’t want to be around you. Not now. Please. Hinata jogged back up the hill to the stay-hous and back inside to where he was soon scolded by Tanaka. Hinata just nodded and muttered a few ‘i’m sorry’s’ before shuffling up to where his bag sat. Hinata knelt down before the black adidas bag, slowly beginning to fish his uniform out, neatly unfolding it and staring at the black and orange jersey. 10. Hinata sighed. Just make it through today and then we’re done. You can go home after today. You got this. Hinata slowly tugged his jumper over his head and packed it away in the black bag, his hands tugging the jersey over his head.

“Next time you tell someone where you’re going. We’re going to be late because of you, idiot.” That familiar voice rebuked. Hinata’s body stiffened. Why are you here? Hinata just nodded. There was a moments silence. “What’s wrong, Hinata?” Kageyama’s voice sounded different. It didn’t sound as low or snappy as he usually spoke; he actually sounded concerned for once