of sorts on his hand it looked like a skull" i nodded writing down the notes in my notebook, i asked some more questions then thought it was time to get Cas involved "Agent Daniels do you-" but you were cut off when seeing the vacant seat next to you.

You looked at the woman and she just shook her head then you heard his voice coming from the kitchen both you and the lady went into the kitchen. There you saw Cas talking to a cat "what can you tell me exactly?" you mentally cussed "is that young man okay? He does know that Holly won't reply, right?" i looked at the lady and nodded "of course Agent Daniels is just a little strange sometimes but he has a good heart" she smiled at you "you sound like you two are close", "we are, you could say it was an office romance ma'am, we met through work" she nodded "i understand now. Young love, Henry and myself met at work married 60 years. God bless his soul", "I'm sorry for your loss ma'am", "thank you" i cleared my throat, looking at Cas "Agent Daniels are you ready to leave?", "yes the cat was helpful indeed" the lady chuckled at this "thank you Agent Daniels now let's go. We will see ourselves out ma'am thank you for your time" you walked out the front door and towards the car with Cas in tow.

You stopped at the car "so Agent Daniels you can talk to cats?" when you said that he sighed and looked down in defeat "i am really sorry, i just felt that the cat would be more helpful and-" he looked at you confused "why are you laughing?", "because you are too adorable for your own good sometimes", "but i messed up, i-" you shook your head and walked over grabbing his hand "you didn't mess up, you did what you always do. I was just trying to protect you in case that lady would have gone crazy but she seemed alright about you talking to her cat anyway Agent Daniels you owe me dinner, fancy grabbing before we go to the war zone called the bunker?" he nodded and you smiled, standing on your tiptoes to kiss him "okay then let's go, you are driving though" you chucked him the keys as you got into the passenger seat.

 

 

Okay so i got the idea of this from a person experience that happened not so long ago. Sorry if it is rubbish, anyway hope you enjoy it :)You slammed the door to your motel room shut, throwing your bag onto the table not even caring if it landed on top of it or hit the floor. You pulled the chair out and slumped down into it. You groaned and rubbed your temple "i hate men sometimes" you mumbled to yourself before getting up and approaching the table that had various alcoholic drinks on it. You scanned the bottles before reaching for the closet drink which happened to be whiskey, your go to drink for when things were rough.

Immediately you recognized the new presence in the room "Castiel, what an unpleasant surprise" you stated in a bored tone. Turning around you drunk the glass of whiskey waiting for his reply. He was frowning "you are upset. It is not wise to drink alcohol when you are upset. There are consequences to doing so" you just waved him off "whatever" you turned around to pour another drink but as you grabbed the bottle, you saw it wasn't there. You spun around and immediately moved your gaze to the bottle, you walked over and tried to grab it but Cas just moved it further out of your reach. You glared up at him "give me the bottle back" but he held his ground "no. I will not watch you go down this road" he said sternly "look Cas I'm not going to go down any road, i just want a drink. I have had a stressful day" he just shook his head "no. I beg you just talk to me, instead of drinking like this. You are much like Dean, he also thinks alcohol is the answer to everything but it isn't. Please tell me why it is so important to drink your feelings away like this?" you kept the strong glare but sighed in defeat.

You walked over to the bed and sat down "fine, you want to know what's wrong with me? No matter how stupid it is" you felt the bed shift next to you "of course i want to know. I am your friend (y/n), no what how stupid you think something will be please tell me anyway" he put a hand on your shoulder and smiled softly "it's just why does every guy that i meet go from really sweet and caring to a complete asshole and treat me like shit" you hung your head, which meant you missed the look of sadness that Cas gave you "i don't know Cas, I'm starting to feel like