he screwed his eyes shut for a moment.

What if Enjolras had been right? What if he was truly destined to spend eternity alone, haunted by a wrist that was forever blank?

But, drunk with liquid courage, he forced his eyes open and stared down at his wrist to see dark words etched in an elegant scrawl. His breath stuttered. He reads, silent. Those words...over and over he read them, as if somehow they might perhaps change. Yet they remained.

Those who knew the words that they were marked with often spent years guessing who would be the one to finally say them but as Grantaire looked down, he knew without a doubt who it would be. There was only one voice he could hear saying those words, tainted in anger and a fraction of despair as blue eyes burned into him with a ferocity unrivalled in all of France.

His breath stuttered in the cold. He had always known, somehow. Grantaire had spent countless hours staring with undisguised longing at the face framed by golden curls, the face of an angel. The words that fell from his lips stirred the adoration within. Even his familiarity with absinthe could not dull the wants of his heart.  How could it be anyone else but Enjolras?

But he understood, even as he looked down at those words with a mixture of relief and horror, that this was destined to be unrequited. Enjolras, who had already seen the words on his own wrist, would belong to someone else. That someone could never be Grantaire, not the cynic who tripped over his own tongue in his frantic attempts to catch the attention of those startlingly bright eyes.  

The man was too focused on his dreams of revolution to even concern himself with trivialities such as love and soulmates. It had been so long and he still had not even noticed Grantaire’s own feelings. That, in itself, was telling. Perhaps one day Enjolras would hear those words spoken to him. He would turn, give them a long look, and then he would nod once and continue on his way.

The image sit far too easily in Grantaire’s thoughts and on good days, he regards the idea with a degree of amusement. For of course Enjolras would be the only person within France to ignore his soulmate. There was no need for such ideas in the mind of one who fought for the rights of the people. Love would only be a burden and for all he knew, Enjolras might have already seen his soulmate come and gone. Despite numerous attempts at goading him into revealing what the etched words say, Grantaire has failed at eliciting anything other than a stern look.

Courfeyrac is the only one who seems to notice Grantaire’s sudden interest in soulmates and their conversations always inevitably steer towards the words etched into Grantaire’s wrist. Others have mentioned it on occasion. But as soon as the question leaves their lips, they take one look at his face and back away. He wonders what his expression does when he remembers those words sitting beneath the thin white sleeve.

Still, this does not dissuade Courfeyrac who only seems to grow more insistent with each mention of it.

"Come on Grantaire! It's just words. Why won't you tell me?" Courfeyrac turns his wide eyes on him, beseeching.

"There isn't enough wine in my bottle to make me talk about such things." He grins but it turns bitter as Courfeyrac pierces him with a questionable look. "Talk of soulmates and such bores me. Why would some people spend such a long time obsessing over it? If they are in love with someone, they should not look at the words on their wrist. For then, the end is spoiled. I think it is a mistake to look and a mistake to put such weight on simple words on skin."

Courfeyrac turns his bared wrist skyward with a thoughtful expression, the words there already familiar to both of them.  He was never one to truly put much stock into the fact that he knows the words that his soulmate will say to him before they are gone. He'd already made that clear. But it doesn;t stop him from being curious about others.

"You would tell me if the words had been scratched off, wouldn't you?"

Grantaire laughs, fingers wrapping around the bottle. "Rest assured, they are still there, hidden beneath my sleeves and they are words no one else will ever know. My soulmate is alive but I will tell you nothing more than that"

"Alright, alright". Courfeyrac holds up his hands. "Enough talk of that for today. Enjolras will have my head if I get too drunk to see straight, let alone ramble about political thoughts."

"I think you're already far past that stage."

"Tease."

But he drops the topic, leaving Grantaire to a few moments of blessed silence before he stands up to object to something Enjolras has said. He’s not even sure what it was this time. But that burning need to have a few moments of attention is nearly too much for him to bear. So much so that when Enjolras turns to him