we created a serum that could cause male pregnancy?  How?  And it was designed to be applied topically?  Why?" Bruce asked incredulously.  It was official.  He was never drinking with Tony again.  

"The how JARVIS can probably explain by bringing up our notes from that night.  The why was because we wanted to be able to 'accidentally' spill it on our dear old leader and have it take effect.  Any other way would have required more cooperation on his part," Tony explain.

"I see," Bruce said in mock understanding that barely hid his annoyance.  "JARVIS can you bring up our notes?"

One of the screens filled up with barely legible, drunken scrawlings.  Bruce sighed and looked them over, his eyes and annoyance growing the more that he read.

"What's wrong, Brucie?  Not happy about being a mommy-to-be?" Tony joked to try to lighten the mood.  Sure, internally he was freaking out too, but he knew they both needed to stay calm if they were going to figure out what to do next.

"Actually, you're the mother," Bruce replied with slight amusement, even though he was still clearly stressed.

"What do you mean?  You're the one who's pregnant," Tony questioned.

"Yes, but we used seahorse DNA in our serum.  From what I can figure out from our notes the serum created a temporary internal 'pouch' in the recipient of the serum's abdomen, and temporarily rewired their sperm to read any sperm that entered their body from another person as if they were ova, direct them to the pouch, and fertilize them. So, I might be the pregnant one, but technically you're the mother, more or less," Bruce explained.

"Well, what do you know?" Tony replied, looking over the notes.

The lab fell silent as both of them looked over the notes once more and let the implications sink in.

"What should we do?" Tony asked.

"I don't know," Bruce replied softly.  "This is a pretty big shock.  Maybe we should call it a night.  Look at it with fresh eyes tomorrow before we make any decisions."

"Why not," Tony agreed with a shrug, holding out his hand for Bruce's.  

Still reeling from the day's revelation, the pair made their way to their bedroom hand-in-hand.

"How can you say that?!?" Bruce yelled in a tone that had a sharp edge to it.

"How can you not?!?  It's the only solution," Tony yelled back.

The pair had slept on it, and come to drastically different conclusions.

"Last night as I was trying to think of how we got into this mess in the first place I remembered fuzzy bits and pieces.  I remember asking you why we were trying to make Steve pregnant, and you said for science.  Well, I may not be Steve, but there's still just as much scientific information that can be gleaned from me being pregnant," Bruce said vehemently.

"You're right!  You're not Steve!  I don't love Steve!  I love you!  And there are too many unknowns here!  First of all, the 'pouch' that the fertilized embryo is in was meant to be temporary.  How do we know it won't breakdown leaving the embryo to die and poison you with the toxins from the decomposing cells?" Tony countered.

"It was designed to be activated to be more permanent if there was a release of hormones due to fertilization being achieved.  It should stay intact until the hormone levels change after the fetus comes to term and is delivered," Bruce shot back.

"That's my other question.  If the fetus gets to term, how will it be delivered?  Unlike a seahorse, the pouch is entirely internal without any external opening, and unlike a woman you have no birth canal," Tony threw back.

"So when the fetus is fully developed it will have to be delivered through a procedure similar to a Cesarean section," Bruce offered.

"What about the Other Guy?  Will he allow us to do that?  Will the high levels of radiation in your blood even allow you to carry a child to term?  What if you hulk out?  What effect will that have?" Tony questioned rapidly and without mercy.  

"There are a lot of unknowns, but that's what science is.  We try something and we seek to discover those unknowns.  You're right, I may not be able to carry this child to term, but I'm willing to try.  Think of all of the things we could learn from this experience.  Come on Tony.  For science?" Bruce practically pleaded.  

Sure, Bruce was curious.  They had a scientific opportunity here that they were likely not to encounter again, but that wasn't his only motivation. He had always wanted children, but when his accident had happened it seemed likely that any chance he had for becoming a father had left the building as the Hulk came into it.  

Even as he