his face, and she doesn’t know whether to laugh or shake it out of him as the doorman opens the outer door for them, letting in a brisk burst of air, and revealing Anthony’s surprise.

Waiting on the curb directly outside the door is a shiny black limousine, with the primly-dressed driver standing beside it, waiting for them.  She stares up at him in surprise, and he smiles back at her, very pleased with himself.

“Anthony,” she stutters, not sure what to say as the driver opens the door.  “You didn’t have to do this.”

“Now what’s the point of traveling if you aren’t going to do it in style?”  She laughs, knowing there is no use arguing with him, and slips inside before the chill has a chance.

She snuggles against the buttery-soft leather seats, pressing against Anthony’s side as he takes his seat beside her.  She can’t keep from smiling up at him as he wraps his arm around her, keeping her warm during the leisurely ride to the restaurant.  “You’re so sweet to do this.”

She can hear the smile in his voice as he kisses her hair.  “Anything for my darling Belle.”

They share an early dinner – more like late lunch, really – at a not-too-fancy restaurant they’ve both been eager to try.  There are few other guests at this hour, so they are able to enjoy each other’s company and conversation without excessive noise around them or feeling like their private moments are being intruded upon.  She mischievously rubs her toe against the inside of his bad ankle, a gentle, tender touch against his old injury that doesn’t hurt, but is always sure to reduce him to a purring kitten.  He ends up staring at her with a dazed, loving half-smile as they eat, until she finally stops so that he can focus enough to eat the meal in front of him.  He seems equally grateful for and saddened by the lost touch.

After the leisurely meal, they return to the limo to head for the airport.  She sits on his right-hand side this time, wanting to be able to cuddle more comfortably.  She can’t help but press a tender kiss to his cheek, unable to find the words to thank him enough for all of this, or to tell him how unbearably excited she is.  She kisses him again on the corner of his mouth when he smiles at her, and the light touch quickly turns into a firmer, deeper one.  She buries her fingers in his hair, tugging gently and rubbing his scalp.  He moans quietly, his mouth slipping from hers, so she trails kisses and nips along his jawline instead.  As she shifts her attention to his neck and the exposed tendons of his throat, he relaxes in the seat, eyes drifting closed and head leaning back in ecstasy.  He makes the little barely-audible groaning sounds that she just adores, the ones that tell her he is utterly relaxed and more than a little bit eager.

An Idea strikes her then, fueled by the spark of heat those noises send down her spine.  A glance around the inside of the limo confirms that the windows are tinted, and the barrier between them and the driver is up.  No one can see or hear them, and her idea makes her blush, but also fills her with excitement.  She grins before nibbling a little more firmly at his throat.

She wraps her left arm around his shoulders, holding him close, and rubs her right hand down his chest and stomach in lazy patterns.  He is putty in her arms as she continues working at his throat, and her hand makes its way down over his belt buckle, to his lower belly, then outer thigh, until she is eventually rubbing slow, gentle circles on his inner thigh.  He doesn’t even seem to notice what she is doing, just keeps sighing and moaning at her kisses.

He soon begins to grow hard, though he still seems oblivious to any of it.  She helps him along, lightly rubbing her palm against him.  It’s only when he’s near full hardness that he snaps out of his love-sick daze and finally realizes what she’s doing.

He tenses and stares at her with nearly-black eyes, and looks between her hand and her face several times.  “Belle, what are you…?”  He doesn’t finish the question, likely because it’s really quite obvious what she’s doing.  “You don’t have to…”

She smiles, and kisses him chastely, sweetly.  “I know.  But I want to.”  She kisses him more deeply this time, terribly eager and aroused herself.  “I’m certainly having fun so far.  Aren’t you?”  She keeps rubbing with a bit more pressure, in all the ways she knows drive him wild.  She makes sure to let her pleasure show, smiling with half-lidded eyes and biting her lower lip.  She knows he’ll only agree to keep going if he