“De-”

“Don’t,” Dean doesn’t want to hear it.  Not from that voice.  Not from that body.  Castiel sighs softly in response.  Dean continues. “I saw you… I saw,” his voice wavers.

“Dean…” a flutter of wings and Castiel is in the front seat with his porcelain hand on his arm and his blue pools of love and caring directed at his face.  Nor Dean or Castiel could say a word for a moment and then Dean breaks down.  Castiel holds him as he cries on his shoulder.  He pets his short light brown hair and lays his head on Dean’s.  “Dean… I’m still here.  I’m not leaving you. Dean… Shhh…” Dean is still unable to make coherent words due to his lack of control over his lacrimal glands.  After a few bursts of sobbing Dean calms down enough to speak.

“Cas… I… I can’t see that… again… I… Cas I love you…” Dean still whimpers into Castiel’s neck sniffling.  The emotions going through his head are almost too complicated for even him to understand fully, but then.  It doesn’t matter.  As Castiel cups his cheeks gently and kisses his puffy tear stained lips, nothing matters.  The kiss of an angel.  His angel.  Dean’s body immediately relaxes as his hands are drawn to Castiel’s cheeks.  His mind is flooded with relief and butterflies that catch in his throat as the kiss deepens.  Castiel slips his hands into his short locks, his slender gentle fingers tugging gently on the roots.  A small moan slips out of Dean’s mouth at the gesture and he pulls away.

“Cas…” he says softly, “Cas I-” This time Castiel cuts him off with his pale finger.

“Dean, we need to get to our room.  Sam is watching.” his blush made Dean go red as he saw Sam standing with the room keys staring at them.

“Oh.  Right.” he gets out and nods at Sam walking around to grab a key.  “You got two rooms right?”

“Uh… Yes.  One for me, and one for you and Cas I suppose now?” Sam says blushing from what he just witnessed.  “Dean, you do realize she- I mean he? Whatever.  Looks like a 16 year old girl, right?”  Dean frowns at this comment as Castiel get out of the car the human way and looks around, his golden hair gleaming in the street  light.

“You don’t think I noticed?” Dean says a little on the defensive side as he grabs the room key a little hastily.  “Just go to your room and-” he pauses for a moment as he watches Castiel admire his baby.  “Just… Just ignore me.”  Dean walks over to Castiel and grabs his hand gently.  “You ready to go to bed?”  At this point Sam was now a third wheel and quite tired at the same time, so he did just go to his room and ignore Dean.  Castiel smiles softly back at Dean with his bright pink lips, contrasting beautifully with his pale skin.

“I’m ready Dean.”  Dean has very little self control at this point as he leads him to their room right next to Sam’s.  He fumbles with the key in anticipation of sleep, yes, but mostly of being with the one he loves.  Castiel follows Dean into the room calmly but is almost immediately tossed to the bed by Dean’s strong hands compared to his now small frail ones.  “Dean!” Castiel’s voice squeaks and giggles softly as Dean kisses his neck below his jaw.

“Mmm Cas… I… Fuck I need you.” he growls in his chest as he nips near his slight collarbone where his nightgown starts.  Castiel’s body begins to respond to Dean’s advances.  He gasps softly and his hands slip to Dean’s shoulders.

“Mm, Dean… You’re wearing too many clothes.”  He plays with Dean’s collar as he bites his lip softly.  Dean chuckles and sighs.

“Just like you Cas… Always so hasty.  No foreplay.” he whispers into Castiel’s ear which makes his small tender body quiver and squirm.

“Dean!  Please… I need you…” his voice was soft and pleading.  Dean was happy to oblige.  He slips his shirt off and lifts Castiel’s small, lighter, body up toward the pillows to give him some room to work.

“Don’t worry baby, I’m on it…” he slips Castiel’s nightgown up over his head, revealing his thin soft body and tender small breasts.  His nipples were hard with anticipation.  Dean couldn’t waste the opportunity to have a little fun as he dips his head down and kisses his nipple gently, licking softly around it.  Castiel gave out a soft high pitched moan.  

“Dean! Please!”  His voice was more urgent now.  Dean couldn’t wait any longer.  He slipped his hand to Castiel’s white lacy panties slipping them off gently.

“Alright, alright