best fucking friend, Louis.” 

Louis just shrugs. “I only asked you to teach me how.” 

Harry is so sick of this, she reaches her hand up to tilt Louis’ head up and kisses her hard. She can feel Louis tense under her in surprise before she relaxes into it, pulling Harry inside her dorm room and letting Harry kick the door shut. 

“I can’t believe,” Harry starts, kissing Louis again and sliding her hands under her jumper, “that you’re blaming me for this,” she scratches her nails along the dip of Louis’ waist, feeling her shiver beneath her, “when you could have just fucking asked when you were sober.” 

Louis whines into her mouth, pulling her back onto the bed which they fall onto. Harry sits between Louis’ thighs, rubbing her hips against her. “I didn’t think you’d want to.”

Harry rolls her eyes, “When do I ever turn down sex?” 

As Louis goes to answer, Harry pulls at her jumper, and she sits up so Harry can pull it off of her, her tits practically jumping out of her bra underneath them. “Actually, why would I ever turn it down when you’re so fucking hot,” Harry mutters, one of her hands sliding up to squeeze at Louis’ breast over the bra, while the other one unclasps it easily. Louis looks impressed.

Harry pulls Louis’ bra off and throws it onto the floor, kissing over Louis’ exposed tits before sucking her nipple into her mouth, flicking her tongue over the metal bar in them to make Louis gasp out a moan, pressing her hips up into Harry. “Please,” she mumbles, already looking wrecked. Harry slides her free hand into Louis’ leggings, feeling where she’s already soaking wet and smirks.

She releases Louis’ nipple and tugs down Louis’ leggings, taking her knickers with them. Harry stares hungrily at the sight of Louis on the bed before her, legs spread and looking desperate for Harry to get her off. It is honestly probably one of the best things Harry has ever seen in her life. At least top three.

Harry grabs at Louis’ hips to push her onto her front before her, tapping her big ass so she moves up the bed, letting Harry get back on behind her. She slides her fingers slowly up the inside of Louis thighs, tracing over where Louis is already so wet for her. 

She pushes Louis to be on her hands and knees before her, rubbing at Louis’ clit beneath her lace knickers, hearing her let out a soft whine and press down against the feeling. Harry runs her finger along her slit, her free hand squeezing at where Louis’ arse is bare from her g-string. She leans in close, sucking a hickey into the meat of her butt, causing Louis to moan beneath her and grow wetter where Harry’s fingers were still toying with her. 

Harry hooks her free fingers into the string of Louis’ underwear, sliding it down her skin slowly until it’s pooling at her knees. “Oh fuck,” Louis mutters, arching her back and spreading her legs further so she’s fully presented to Harry, silently begging her to touch her. 

It’s almost so dirty to do it like this, to fuck Louis in a position that needs so much trust, Harry thinks, lightly moving her fingers along Louis’ slit again. She lowers her head then, licking a line from Louis’ clit all the way up to her arsehole, smirking against Louis’ skin at the surprised sound it garners. She uses her hand to press Louis’ back down until she’s curving the perfect amount to make it work. 

Immediately, she sucks Louis’ clit into her mouth, flicking at the bud with her tongue, and Louis cries out, arching her back impossibly further. Harry pulls back, instead using her thumb against Louis’ clit, her tongue finding her hole and pressing inside, just enough so she knows it’s teasing her, if her consistent noises are any indication. 

She rubs her thumb hard against Louis’ clit, teasing her tongue in between her folds and over her perineum. Harry cocks an eyebrow at the way Louis grows louder when she goes towards her arsehole and licks over it to test the waters. Louis lets out a loud cry at the action, and Harry immediately starts lapping over it, slipping two of her fingers inside of Louis and curls her fingers against her spot as though she’d been practicing it her entire life. Harry can feel Louis getting close, so she speeds up her fingers, fucking into Louis with a force she’s probably never experienced as her tongue starts to fuck into her hole. 

Louis is practically screaming, muffling her noises into her pillow and clenching around Harry’s fingers desperately. “Fuck!” she screams before coming, her entire body spasming with the movement and an unstoppable stream of moans falling from her lips as she rocks back against Harry. 

As she slows down, Harry does too, pulling back from her and helping her to roll back over onto