up when she felt the bed dug beside her. Mind fogged by alcohol, her hangover and instincts took over, and before she knew it, she was straddling a very sad looking Trish with her hands wrapped around the blonde's neck.

Seeing her hands around someone's neck seemed to trigger something and her hands started to shake violently as they flew away from Trish's skin like it had burned her.

"Didn't your mother teach you how to knock?" the brunette said as she fell back gracelessly on the bed.

"You know it wasn't on her top list priorities," the blonde said, her voice emotionless.

Jessica turned around, feeling guilty for bringing the subject of Trish's mom at such a moment. Her voice sounded so empty, it was terrifying. She hadn't heard this emptiness since a long ass time.

"Why are you here?"

She felt the mattress moved a little and judging by the noise Trish was making, she easily guessed her friend was sobbing.

"I can't- I can't sleep, Jess. I'm-I'm terrified. I can still feel him."

And Jessica hated the way she knew exactly what Trish was talking about. That feeling you get, when Killgrave told you to do something. The mental war you had to go through. The torpor you were in.

"Why are you really here, Trish? We both know that I'm not competent to handle emotional chaos, you could handle that by yourself."

Jessica hated how her voice sounded to her own ears, harsh and cold. But she knew it was necessary. She couldn't be what Trish needed her to be. She couldn't be that person, her rock. Not when she was silently collapsing herself.

"I need you," Trish whispered.

It was so low that, for a moment, Jessica thought she had imagined it.

Jessica turned around, only to find her friend already watching her, those green eyes boring into hers. All sad and full of tears and pain and every emotion that Jessica wished wouldn't be there.

Trish harshly rubbed her tears away.

"I just- need you. I can't do it on my own."

Even when Trish had begged her to get her out of rehab, the blonde hadn't sounded so broken.

"I can't. You know I'm no good," she replied coldly.

"You don't have to be good. You just have to be there."

A new wave of tears took over Trish's eyes and Jess felt her heart sank in guilt and anger. Guilt towards herself and anger at Killgrave for turning the only person she had ever loved about into a wreck.

"Please," escaped Trish's mouth, but Jessica could see the please lingering in her green eyes too.

And Jessica felt like a monster, she wanted her friend, she needed her but more than anything she needed to shield her from the monster that she was. And being a killer for the good cause and being what Trish needed at the same time was simply not a part she thought she could handle.

But right now, she wasn't in her right mind and she was selfish and aching for touch. Something that would ground her while she was internally drowning with her tears and her heart was sinking at the bottom of the ocean that were her depression and her lethargy. And it had been too long since she had been held by someone. And she needed it like she needed oxygen to breathe and alcohol to sleep.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, because the decision she was taking now would shape her future in ways she wasn't ready to think about and rather not think about either. Expect, she didn't want to deal with the consequences of the choice she was doing right now. She just wanted to live right now. Carpe diem.

"Okay," Jessica whispered.

It was so low that she almost didn't hear it herself. But apparently Trish did and threw, threw, herself onto her friend and Jess' arms wrapped around her automatically.

For someone so allergic to body contact, the movements came naturally easy.

She could feel Trish's tears running on her shoulders before falling on the mattress. She could feel her shaking in her arms, goosebumps everywhere, her legs intertwined with hers, holding her tight as if begging to never let go.

And Jessica didn't know how to feel, because it should be her. She should be the one crying a sea out of her eyes, she should be the one to feel angry and sad until her body couldn't take it anymore and she needed her friend's help.

Except it wasn't.

The only thing she felt was this hole inside her, emptiness, bringing tears to her eyes, because she didn't know how to feel. And it was absolutely terrifying. So she just focused on Trish.
Her tears had stopped by now but her body was still trembling. Jessica smelled her fresh coconut shampoo