throat. Louis starts to moan around Zayn’s length, the vibrations from his moans running through Zayn’s body like fire. He looks up at Zayn when he moans from the sensation, head thrown back as he struggles to keep his hips still. Humming happily, Louis starts to work his hand with more confidence and his mouth faster, ignoring the tears as Zayn's cock keeps on sliding down his throat, flooding his mouth with precome.

Gripping onto Louis’ hair he keeps on thrusting up, his thrusts becoming erratic and messy but he doesn’t stop. His hips go up in a particularly deep thrust, causing his cock to throb on the slickness of Louis’ mouth. As he feels Louis’ throat closing around the tip of his cock his toes curls at that feeling in the pit of his stomach telling him that he is close to reach his climax.

"Fuck Louis, I think I'm going to c-"

That's enough to make Louis pulls of him. He feels fingers thread through his hair, gently tugging, and he pulls back to look at the boy sprawled underneath him, licking his lips and feeling the taste of precome on his tongue as he keeps his slick hand on Zayn's cock.

"Already? You won’t last two minutes with me inside you like this." Louis says, grinning at him.

Zayn moans at that, shoving his hips into Louis' hand. He looks completely wrecked now, breathing heavily with wide eyes looking at Louis. He takes his hand away from Zayn's cock and slips his briefs all the way to his feet. He settles himself between Zayn's spread legs when he's done, giving him a tiny smile as he keeps touching his thighs softly.

"You're not going to last at all." Louis says, looking down at him while he touches Zayn's hairy thighs with his fingertips, making the boy under him shiver. "You'll come right when my cock gets into you, won't you?"

Zayn keeps his mouth closed, staring at Louis with his wide eyes as he touches his skin in the most soft of the ways. Louis waits for Zayn's answer, but when he realizes he's not going to get any, he jumps out of the bed graciously.

"I can help you."

"R-Really?" Zayn asks, his body totally frozen on the bed. He watches as Louis searches for something on his bedside drawer, his cock still throbbing against his stomach, hard as a rock.

"Yes, I've got you." Louis walks back to the bed and kisses Zayn softly on the lips before he settles himself between his legs again, lowering his hand to touch Zayn's balls and smiling at the sound of his surprised moans.

"Shh, just relax." He bends down to press a kiss at the slit of Zayn's cock before he starts to work on the items he brought to the bed with him.

Zayn waits patiently, his heart thumping on his chest and his cock rock hard. It feels like an eternity before he feels the cockring rolling down his shaft, screaming loudly at the feeling of the object covered in cold lube. Louis rolls it down until it's firmly pressed around the base of Zayn's cock, giving him a few fast strokes and making Zayn curl his toes in pleasure, arching his back off the bed.

"Fuck!" Zayn screams roughly, thrusting his hips into Louis' hand. Louis squeezes his balls one more time while he keeps on working his hand up and down Zayn's length, his own cock painfully hard inside his trousers. There's something so dirty in the fact that Louis is still wearing half of his clothes while Zayn is already stark naked under him, all spread with his cock hard on his hand.

"How do you feel?" Louis asks, taking his hand away from Zayn's cock.

"I-It hurts a bit, but it's good." Zayn moans, thrusting his hips into the air desperate for friction. "Suck me again please."

"Shh." Louis shushes him, pressing his finger on Zayn's lips. He leans down and kisses him slowly, absolutely different from the other times that night: this kiss is gentle, soft and they both moan at the feeling of their tongues sliding together in such a slow pace.

"Can you get on your fours for me?" Louis says once the kiss is finished, touching his waist softly. "I want to eat you out."

Zayn nods quickly at Louis' words, his cock throbbing with interest. Louis helps him to turn around, placing him on his hands and knees. Zayn places one side of his head on the pillows, looking over his own shoulders to see Louis positioning himself behind him.

"You good?" Louis asks sliding his hands down Zayn's back until he reaches his waist, gripping on his skin tightly.

"Yeah, just do it." Zayn murmurs, arching his back and lifting his bum higher in the air.

Louis slides his hands