ago Rodney. Another stupid Ancient weapon gone wrong."

Rodney shifted again, closed the lid of thee laptop, and scooted down until he was almost shoulder to shoulder with John. "And this happened... while I was gone?"

"Yeah." John closed his eyes trying to shut out the replaying memory of the security cameras where he saw Carson smile with relief and then walk away and then the explosion that killed them all in that corridor engulf him in a blaze of light. "He was the only one that believed me when I thought you had Ascended. He helped me a lot. Patched me up all the time." He paused a moment and sighed. "I'm kinda glad I'm telling you this while you don't remember him."

"Did I try to contact you, either of you, while I was ascended?'

John opened his eyes and looked at him. "Yeah. Though, the first time was... I got my ass kicked by some Genii - exiled soldiers. I was dying and you saved me. Broke a few Ascended rules and healed me some so I didn't die in a snake infested pit."

He smiled again. "Nowhere near as fun as the visits at night though."

"Night visits....?" Rodney half-asked that, but slouched down again, and settled the laptop onto his stomach. "What was I doing then?"

"Making me unconscious?" John laughed a little. "Honestly, I'm not sure. Sure felt good though. You seemed to get something out of being close to me. Energy thing."

"Energy vampire, maybe?" Rodney closed his eyes for a moment, and all John wanted to do was watch. He just wanted to watch his friend, watch his friend's face, the way he seemed to finally relax.

"Nah. You said something once about it taking a lot to manifest on this level. I'm pretty sure you were trying to stop me self destructing, not suck me dry."

"Why were you self destructing? Because of me? Because of Carson?"

"Both I guess," John said truthfully. He promised Rodney the truth in his own head. "Carson stopped me spiraling out of control after you, and when he died, there was nothing to stop that."

"Why were you out of control? I mean, I wasn't and he wasn't that important to you, were we? I, I don't think I ever expected or would have expected that someone would..."

John put out a hand and touched Rodney's arm. He didn't know what to say, or whether saying anything would help. "No you wouldn't've expected, but that didn't mean that it wasn't true," he said softly. "Fact is... I thought I was dealing. Thought I was getting through losing you but there were things I couldn't see everyone else could. You guys are my...you guys are the closest thing to family that I have. I told Teyla that once when we went after Ronon on Sateda. He gave himself up for us, would've died for us. I would've done the same for anyone of you without hesitation."

It still felt like a lie, because he was omitting that critical thing about Rodney, that he was more than just family. "To be honest Rodney, I don't know where we stand in relation to each other but I can definitely say that you are someone I would protect with my life, need to see safe."

"I wish I could..." Rodney waved a hand slightly, a slow circular motion. "I wish I had the context for this. I feel like this is some huge revelation for me, and I wish I could really appreciate this."

John shrugged a little painfully with his shoulder wondering if it was one of the drugs making him so open or if he needed to share this much. "I guess it's a big deal. You might change your mind completely when you get back your memory. And you will. I'm sort of wanting that to happen and... kinda hoping some of it won't. We've had a few problems. Sometimes me, sometimes you. Neither of us are usually much good at talking about this sort of thing. Right now I'm thinking it's the drugs talking."

"I wish I had some drugs right now. Of course, with my luck it'd trigger some kind of brain damage directly related to the act of having recently descended." Rodney closed his eyes, and seemed content to lay there for a moment. "What kind of problems do we have?"

"Aside from the times when you manage to offend everyone and we have to run like hell?" John chuckled a little. "I guess it was summed up from my side by Doranda. You were on to something, I backed you, put my neck on the line and through arrogance, you refused to see that something was wrong, something you shouldn't do.