occupied and no one ever goes up there.

"Hn. I'll bite you to death herbivore," seethed Hibari. Tsuna flinched but then he unexpectedly smirked. Hibari raised an eyebrow at his actions and raised his position with his tonfas a tiny bit higher which Tsuna noticed.

Tsuna lifted his arm in which Hibari stared at every movement as Tsuna's arm snaked towards his pocket and pulled out a sleek black device with an orange cover, a smart phone.

"You know, iPineapples (1) sure are good phones. Hopefully they won't copy Cansung (2)," said Tsuna voicing his opinion on the smart phone. Somewhere in the wide vast world, a pineapple haired man sneezed and growled.

"Hn." Despite everything, it didn't seem like Tsuna was going to make a move but Hibari still kept up his stance.

"Okay, let's see…" he mumbled swiping through a few pages on his phone then scrolling through his pictures library. He seemed to light up when he found what he was looking for. Just slightly curious, Hibari looked at the screen that was thrust in front of him and his eyes widened and then sharpened when he looked back at Tsuna who had already pulled his phone away and safely tucked into his pocket.

"Hehehehe, what do you think?" laughed Tsuna as if growing a long pointy nose.

On the screen was a perfectly taken picture of Hibari's first graffiti. It was actually on a wall, and considering Hibari's personality which was bent on discipline and rules, it was black mail.

"… Delete that."

"You seriously think I'd just keep one copy on my phone? I have a few on my laptop hidden in various places, there are some on my external hard-drives and my PC, then I have it on my secondary and tertiary phone in case someone breaks them and I have some embedded into some microchips along with some other people's phones. So basically, you'll have to burn my house down, and me, and then find all the people who have the picture, which'll be hard since you won't know who they are and they don't know either. Be happy it isn't on the internet, or else who can find it and relate it to you?" (3)

…

"I do not wish to be watching this." It was past the time that anyone should be up and they were at Namimori High School.

"Oh? You sure about that?" questioned Tsuna, pushing Hibari. He complied with a growl and watched every move that Tsuna made, as they walked towards the destined area of the school.

"I have a nice idea in mind you know," continued Tsuna, he glanced one more time at his phone and smirked- something that no one usually expects from Tsuna- the evil side of him. Sure he loathed being on the darker side but this was necessary to keep from a raging carnivore. It also provided some sort of entertainment for him as well.

He picked up a spray can, an orange one and started with simple circles which became clouds. He continued doing so with a silver spray can and then it struck Hibari what he was doing.

That carnivorous herbivore is copying my first graffiti with a different colour.

He had to restrain himself. The deal was to let Tsuna put one piece of graffiti on the school grounds, somewhere, and then he would delete all the pictures.

The graffiti mainly showed with the actions portrayed in it. There were exactly three panels. The first one was of a person, it was Hibari, but you can't see the face, which is enjoying the time of breaking the rules for the very first time. The second panel showed the daily life of the person, as if always restrained, handcuffed even, unless he was needed for society. The last one was when both the life of imprisonment and freedom collide where the handcuffed person was looking at the graffiti piece while reaching his arm out.

If Tsuna was able to pull it off, he would be copying it and claiming it as himself. The reason why Hibari put that up there was because of stress. After that, he calmed a bit and started to smile, inwardly, every time he passed people admiring his current works which were on paper that were stuck onto the walls. He knew that there was something fishy about Tsuna and he soon found out when he finished with the number 27 perfectly placed under it.

He felt enraged, sad and annoyed at the same time, he didn't even go for the tonfa- he went for the spray can. (Poor spray can.) Should the spray can be a person; it was going to wringed out of all its energy, and in this case, its paint.

Tsuna had already stepped back and smiled at Hibari as he started to go over his copy of Hibari's work. The two colours started to clash and he stepped back in to fight back the purple. After half an hour of constantly pulling their arms around and running from side to side, they stopped. Both