from the other side of the door.

“Lily, do you want to build a snowman?” Petunia asks.

After a second of silence, there’s a response.

“Go away,” Lily says mutedly.

It’s atypical for Lily, but Petunia lets it be. Everyone has bad days.

---

When she hasn’t seen Lily a week later, she figures she’ll give it another chance.

“Do you want to build a snowman?” she asks, knocking on the door.

No response.

“It doesn’t have to be a snowman,” she tries.

Still no answer.

“I just never see you anymore, Lily. What’s going on? Is there something I should know about. I-I can talk to Mom and Dad if something’s wrong.”

When there’s no response again, Petunia doesn’t try again.

Instead, she tries to make everything herself, because she figures that if she tries really hard, she can’t fail. Still, no matter how hard she tries, she can’t get even a single snowflake to form.

She goes outside and builds a snowman the normal way. It’s disappointing to say the least.

---

By the time she’s twelve years old, Petunia barely even looks at Lily’s door anymore. They still live in the same castle, but they haven’t spent time together since they were children, and that’s just fine with Petunia. She doesn’t need her sister causing more trouble in her life.

She doesn’t want the magic anymore either, and she can’t help but think of her younger self as naïve for wanting it. She knows now that normal people can’t do magic, and she can finally see Lily for what she is: a freak. And she thinks that maybe, if someone asked her about her little sister, she’d have no problem saying that Lily is a freak out loud.

But, of course, there is no one who would ask.

---

When their parents die, there’s a private funeral. Lily doesn’t come, and Petunia is embarrassed. So maybe the whole kingdom doesn’t know that Lily can’t be bothered to mourn her own parents, but Petunia can hear their friends whispering, and she knows what the whispers are about.

She knocks on Lily’s door for the first time in years.

“Lily? Please, I know you’re in there. You’re never anywhere else. Speaking of which, people are asking questions about you, and I don’t think you’ll like the answers I have to give. Can you come out just this once? Or even more than that? They’re going through the will tomorrow, and there’s all this paperwork, and I don’t know if I can do it alone.”

She’s not exactly surprised when Lily doesn’t respond, but she has to try just one more thing, just in case it might elicit a response.

“Do you want to build a snowman?” she asks quietly.

It doesn’t work.

---

She starts leaving the house more. Her parents hadn’t let her leave the castle without good reason, but she’s more or less in charge now, and she sees no reason to stay inside as long as she’s surrounded by security guards and servants whenever she’s in public.

She meets Vernon in the market one day as she’s buying new embroidery floss. (She’s gotten really good at needlepoint.) He’s not a handsome man nor a particularly interesting one, but he’s from a good family, and he seems reliable. Petunia could use someone reliable in her life.

---

Petunia tells the servants that if Lily does not go to her coronation of her own free will, they are to physically drag her out of her room and make sure she is in attendance. Petunia isn’t sure if that’s what actually happened, but she spots Lily in the audience during the ceremony, so at least something went right. That’s good. She doesn’t need any disturbance on what’s supposed to be her day.

There’s a ball after the ceremony, and Vernon pulls her aside at the start to propose. It’s a passionless proposal, and he doesn’t even kneel down, but it doesn’t matter. Petunia’s been expecting this for a while. She of course accepts and makes a brief announcement to those in the ballroom.

What she doesn’t expect is for Lily to approach her a minute later.

“Petunia, can we talk?” she asks.

“I suppose now’s as good a time as any,” Petunia says, and it’s more passive aggressive than she had planned, but maybe that’s what she needs.

“I mean talk alone,” Lily says.

“I’d rather not leave the party,” Petunia says.

“Fine then,” Lily says, lowering her voice significantly