but Sirius didn’t date or shag any girls when he was with Marlene.

Every morning, Sirius would glance at his wrist, forcing himself to feel nonchalant about it, but every time he saw, simply, the glaringly red mark, he couldn’t help but feel a twinge of disappointment.   

Then, one day, when they had shagged after a rather crazy party, Sirius had stayed the morning with Marlene. Sometime thereafter, he had gone to wash his hands, and as he pulled up his sleeve, a little black tally greeted him. The next time they saw each other, Sirius couldn’t help but glance at Marlene’s wrist.

One single, jet-black line stood out from the tidbits of red. But they didn’t say anything, as that was the mantra of their relationship:  don’t mention it. 

Then Mrs. Potter died. James was distraught, and dying even, but the next day, one of his little red tallies had became black. So had Lily’s.

And Sirius gladly welcomed the burn of firewhiskey in his throat, and one bottle turned into two, then into three, then blurred into something uncountable.

He had shagged a girl that night. And it wasn’t Marlene.

But Marlene saw, she saw the Hufflepuff brunette he was kissing, with a frozen look of disbelief, and Sirius had continued on. And Marlene kept on picking up for Sirius, and Sirius never seemed to grow up. It cycled around, and around, and around, until Marlene couldn’t take it anymore.

She ended whatever they had the next day.

That day, Sirius had pulled up his sleeve, preparing himself for the red tally. But it stayed black. And so did Marlene’s.

Sirius started wearing long-sleeved shirts, and, when inevitable, glamoured it away. So did Marlene.

Months had passed since they “broke up” and they both went on with their lives, as though nothing had happened. After all, that  was  their mantra.

Marlene had gotten another red tally, racking her up to four, but there remained that lonely black line. Sirius never gotten more, and the single black tally glared up at him.

Since then, Lily and James had said their vows, and Sirius was best man, and Marlene maid of honor. They didn’t talk that night.

When the war broke out full time, Sirius grew up. It didn’t happen in a matter of seconds, or minutes, or days even, but he grew up. He deflated that head a little, and toned himself down.

Seeing death did something to you. Sure, he still shagged girls, and still had the drink here and there, but he was different. Older, mature, even.

And this time, he chased Marlene down, because he realised that he could live without her. But it wouldn’t be a life worth living.

Sirius and Marlene were “together” again, and it was different. And they  mentioned  it.

But one night, as they lay in bed, Sirius had forgotten about his wrist. And Marlene had noticed.

“What’s this?” he remembered her asking, quietly, tracing the line. He had stiffened at first, but then relaxed slightly at her touch.

“It’s my little black tally,” he said teasingly, as he grabbed her wrist, and counted up her four.

“I’ve got one too,” she said, and giggled a little.

“I know you do,” he said, and kissed her on the nose.

And they left it at that.

Marlene asked again, a few days, perhaps weeks—Sirius didn’t know—later.

“Who’s this one for?” She pointed to the little black tally. Sirius didn’t reply. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to,” she continued, a little embarrassed, remembering their mantra, however old and forgotten it was now.

“It’s fine.” Sirius tilted his head and looked at her. “It’s you.”

He gulped a little, and looked away, and looked back at her again. “It’s always been you, you know? You were my first. And you’ll probably be my only,” he confessed, glancing at her four tallies.

She didn’t reply.

Then, she kissed him. But this kiss wasn’t like the other ones they had—hard, alcohol driven, and short—this kiss was different. It was soft, gentle—perhaps even sweet, and for the first time, Sirius really got a taste of Marlene. She tasted like coffee and mint, and her lavender perfume surrounded him. He kissed her back too, at first a little tentatively, then with gut crushing passion. She kissed him again, and he was the first to pull back, a little breathless.

They pulled back, and in that dazed, dreamlike moment, he got a really good look at her. She had freckles splattered all over the