she knew.

She acknowledged it, despite the times she grabbed him roughly at the scruff of his collar she knew who that boy was without a shadow of a doubt.

Sometimes, in the middle of the night when she'd have a difficult time sleeping, the things said and done would slowly accumulate and annoy her.

What the hell was he doing, getting himself into those sorts of situations and then living like he was?

Why wasn't he saying anything? Why couldn't he say anything?

Why wouldn't he give Ran more than just half-baked excuses and assurances?

Over time her annoyance with his childish existence pigeon-holed in her life was accepted. He simply became the norm and what was. Sure, she unintentionally forgot that he wasn't simply a child, but the physical form he was trapped in could easily make a person forget that there was something desperately wrong with the situation.

The more the murder incidents piled up, the more she stopped getting in his way. She impeded him on occasion to keep him from noticing, or questioned just what in the world was coming out of his six-year-old mouth to get him back in-line (he was horrible at acting, god help him). Of course, it was over the course of these murder mysteries that she realized that while he focused on catching the culprit, he made sure to check on Ran as well as herself for their wellbeing. He knew these things were upsetting.

Then one day, Sonoko simply came to forget the difference.

She couldn't help sometimes messing with him, so when she and Ran had hit the beach (for once without him and still getting into a case) she'd sent him a photo.

She had wanted to leave evidence.

It didn't work out all that well, since something had happened to the photo.

Pity, she'd have to some time in the future manage another sexy-shot for him.

It seriously couldn't be any fun being stuck in a child's body with an adult mind, considering his nose-bleed reactions in response to Ran's (scantily clad or naked) body being far too comically (yet easily) spoken away.

There were times she'd remember the promise he'd forced on her like some ill-fated omen that led to his disappearance after his trip to Tropical Land with Ran.


"Will you promise me, if anything happened, to keep Ran happy if I'm ever away?"


Jerk.

Of course there was no way she could fulfill that promise.

Sure, she could hang out with her and talk with her, but there was a very specific Shinichi sized hole in Ran's life now that a pathetic child was trying to fill.

He was doing a poor job of it.

Conan was doing the best job he could of it.

Sonoko came to begrudgingly accept that.

He had slowly garnered her respect despite his shape.

She still had every plan to punch him in the shin for it though.

Especially for confusing Ran and making her doubt herself when she felt she knew. Even she'd been thrown for a loop when he re-appeared during their class play.

Whenever Ran told her about his reappearances before and after that though, she was disturbed at her descriptions of his behavior.

It had already been disturbing to see him pass out after his little deduction show with Hattori Heiji, but to hear that his general health was so poor when he did show up other times was… disheartening.

Just how deep and dark did things get to become a child again, and for it to be like dieing to return?


-XXX-


She'd been shot.

Sonoko had only ever guessed what it might be like to be shot in that weird what if sort of way, but it was so, so, so much worse than she'd imagined.

She had absolute respect for the kid.

Conan had been shot straight through and had kept a level head while helping the Shounen Tantei out of a tunnel while bleeding out.

She felt like crying and screaming at the same time. They were trapped.

His voice was low and comforting, "It's a clean shot through, I know it hurts but you've got to bear it. We've wrapped it as best we can. I'm too small to help you run, so you need to save your energy for if we need to, because we will." Her was blood on his hands.

A child shouldn't be this calm. She and Ran shouldn't be hanging on his every word like this.

It was Shinichi. Of course he was calm.

She grit her teeth while trying to not cradle her leg where it was injured, opting to simply put pressure around her knee as a distraction from the pain. Taking medium sized breaths as tears rolled down her cheeks she tried to keep her senses in tact. She couldn't fall apart on them now.

She was certainly halfway there.

Ran put a comforting hand on her shoulder while speaking just as softly, "