his friend after last night.  But he promised never to let his feelings interfere with our friendship, he said it wouldn't matter...

As it turned out, Nuriko wasn't at court, either.  Hotohori was beginning to be worried; since Nuriko had started attending court sessions, he hadn't missed a single day.  In the end, Hotohori's concern outweighed his nervousness.  I'll have to go and see him after this...I hope everything's ok...

*****

Nuriko was not okay.  After escorting Hotohori to his quarters, Nuriko had returned to his own room to spend a sleepless night in self-recrimination and tears.   Unable to remain still for any length of time, he'd tossed and turned, getting up every five minutes to pace restlessly for a while, until he'd worked himself into a fever.  It was dawn when he'd finally collapsed into bed, thoroughly wretched, without the slightest intention of coming out any time that day.

A knock on his door pulled him out of his misery, wondering who it could be.  Probably Miaka, perkily wondering where I've been all morning.  He did not relish the thought, but he called for his visitor to come in anyhow.

Of all the possibilities, Hotohori was the last person he'd expected to see.

"Ohayo, Nuriko.  I didn't see you this morning, so I thought I'd come see how you were."  Hotohori spoke quietly, but his voice betrayed his concern.  Nuriko's usual care for his appearance was totally absent this morning; he lay in bed, pale and drawn, with dark hollows beneath his eyes.  "You don't look at all well, are you ill?"

Nuriko shrugged, averting his eyes so as not to look at his friend.  Hotohori sat on the bed next to him and gently touched a hand to Nuriko's forehead, frowning as he felt the intensity of the fever.

"Hasn't anyone been here to take care of you? You're much too sick to have been left alone all this time."  Hotohori dipped a cloth in the basin of water that stood nearby and began rinsing Nuriko's face.  The thought of his friend lying alone and suffering the whole morning long twisted at his heart. 

Nuriko smiled painfully and turned his face away.  "And who did you think was going to come?  It's not as if there's anyone that would care." 

Hotohori stared at his friend.  He'd seldom seen Nuriko this bitter before.  Is that what he thinks?  That no one cares about him?  He was startled to see a tear slip down Nuriko's cheek.  But he never cries.  He's always the strong one...  The thought made him pause.  How hard has it been for him, always being strong for me?  What has it cost him to hide what he feels for me, thinking that if he ever let it slip I'd end up hating him?  To be my friend and nothing more, wouldn't that hurt him as much as it hurt me when I tried to be nothing more than a friend to Miaka?

Hotohori gently turned Nuriko's face back to him, wiping away his tears.  He looked at his friend and saw familiar pain in Nuriko's eyes.  "I care, Nuriko."

Nuriko raised his tear-stained gaze to meet Hotohori's golden eyes.  There was still trust in them.  "Hotohori-sama..."  He tried in vain to hold back the tears now falling faster.  But it's not enough, why can't it ever be enough?  Why can't I be satisfied with just your friendship?  Why did I have to be in love with you?  He curled into a ball, trying to hide from his pain.

Hotohori was surprised to feel tears stinging his eyes.  Suddenly, last night didn't matter anymore, and all that was important was comforting his beloved friend.  He pulled Nuriko into a close embrace, letting him sob against his chest.  "It's all right to cry, Nuriko.  You don't always have to be strong..."  Nuriko's anguish tore at Hotohori's own heart.  How could I not see how much you were suffering?  You hid your pain behind such a bright smile I never knew.  You masked your true feelings with friendship, and I never guessed at what was going on behind those smiling eyes.  You've been such a good friend to me, the first real friend I ever had, and now you're hurting and there's nothing I can do.

Eventually Nuriko cried himself out and rested against Hotohori, wishing the innocent embrace meant something more.  But then, I've never been much good at facing reality, he thought darkly, why start now?  Hotohori simply held him, stroking his tangled purple hair, wondering that such a frail body could hold such strength.  "You should get some rest, Nuriko.  You're tired out and very sick.  I'll stay with you until you're