a small spark. It shivered through to their toes, little anxious bolts of static marking each step as they shouldered their bag, walking next to the friendly face.

Perhaps, they thought, this was too easy, and there had to be some kind of catch to this kindness. But as they walked to class, listening to Teshima introduce himself like a poet, the nervous smile on Aoyagi's face settled into something surer.

By lunch time, Teshima's words were thick in the air like shoals of beautiful fish, the shimmers so close to the surface it felt like they could pull one out with only their hand. He had called them friends. He’d said it so easily that they almost missed it.

The sparks in Aoyagi's skin had transformed to a steady thrum of electricity, a dull and pleasant rush of warmth that surrounded them. They couldn't remember the last time they'd felt this comfortable - good, even - around another person.

Teshima's voice flowed freely, only dipping between sentences when he ate or drank, his words narrating the world around them. He described the school, or what he'd heard about it so far, and in particular about the bicycle racing club. Aoyagi listened to it all with rapt attention.

"We should go check out the club house before lunch ends," Teshima said, pausing to finish off his juice.

Aoyagi nodded.

"I was almost thinking I'd have to give up on road racing, you know," Teshima smiled wistfully, twirling a curl between his fingers as they cleaned up. "But it's great that this place has a cycling club. Have you ever been in official race?"

"Ah," Aoyagi nodded, hesitating a little. They wondered if Teshima would press them for answers. They tried to swallow the cold trickle of dread sliding down their throat, but it stuck.

"It's incredible, isn't it?" Teshima carried on without missing a beat.

"Mm," they replied warmly. Easily. It was easy to communicate with him, Aoyagi realised with surprise.

"How long have you been road racing? You're good and your bike is high quality, so you must have a few years at least." Teshima stretched his arms out to the sky as they left the building, cracking the joints in his fingers with a sigh. "I've been at it since middle school, myself. I'm thinking that with the slopes around, it's bound to be good for training."

"You're pretty good at climbing, right?" He smiled, turning in towards them. "And your name means first, like first place." His warm, steady hand touched upon Aoyagi's shoulder. "A name like that's gotta mean you're destined for victory."

An incredible heat bloomed in their chest, and they gasped.

Then the hand retreated, leaving only the lingering warmth, like faded sunlight.

"I heard that the school team's good enough for the Inter-High." Teshima mused, hands in the pockets of his blazer as they walked down to the clubhouse. "That'll be our next chance. After all, what's the point in cycling if you can't compete?"

He let out a low chuckle, staring into the distance beyond. The corners of his mouth pulled tight like drawstrings, and the amiable smile that had never faltered before, vanished.

"It'd be meaningless..."

He gets it, Aoyagi thought. Teshima was like them. Hungry for – something – something grand. What had he said before?


Destined for victory.


Aoyagi stared, utterly focused on the person before them.

"Sorry-" Teshima stopped in his tracks, aware of their gaze. He scratched the back of his neck, ruffling his hair in embarrassment. "I'm talking too much," he said sheepishly.

"No," Aoyagi replied. "It's fine."

Teshima looked at them, jaw dropped slightly and blinking. "You really don't mind?"

"S'nice," they mumbled, head tilting forward so that their hair obscured their eyes.

They liked listening to Teshima. It was like - like he filled the gaps. Coloured the sky with vibrant hues where once were clouds and endless mist. Teshima's voice felt like a vision, like a waking dream, possibility so close that if Aoyagi reached out, they could hardly fail to grasp it. They wanted to chase that voice, and all the promises it held.

Teshima's voice was a beckoning call. An enchanting herald. A finish line just visible on the horizon.

Teshima was like... like a magnet. They were drawn to him, to his words, to his brimming charisma and hinted hunger.

They could listen to that voice all day. They would follow it, even.

But Aoyagi couldn't explain that. They didn't have the words for that. Just their heartbeat and the light behind their eyes, rising like the sun.

"Your voice..." They struggled to capture the vision in