where this all  somehow works out. I mean the future where the Mayor or a demon or some random  vamp kills me, or the one where I get old and you just...keep going."

"I have thought about it, Buffy." His words were set and emotionless and again  she thought how different Faith was, how every word she spoke was filled with  something, innuendo or anger or laughter.

"And...it's not going to, is it?"

"What?"

Faith would have understood what she meant. She sighed. "Work out. You and me.  This. Us."

Angel took a step back and lifted a hand to her chin, trying to make her meet  his eyes. She shrugged away from his hand and moved away from him.

"What are you saying?" he asked. "That it's over?"

Buffy picked up the poker and prodded at the dead ashes in the fireplace,  keeping her back to him. "When I sent you to Hell..." She swallowed, but forced  herself to continue, to talk about the things that they'd refused to acknowledge  for so long. "I didn't say goodbye then. I kept thinking that somehow..." She  shook her head. "But later--after Faith came--I had to let you go. I came back  here. Left your ring on the floor. And the next thing I knew you were running  wild in the woods, and then it was just so easy to fall back..."

"Is this about Faith?" At last, she heard something in his voice, hurt and  anger, but it felt like it was coming from so far away.

Buffy took a deep breath and turned towards him. "Yes. And no. She--Faith's  sick. A demon hurt her. She came back, and--"

"Like I did." Angel was frowning, his eyebrows beetling together. "And you want  to think she's reformed?"

"I don't want to think that, I do think it...well, sort of. I mean, I  think she wants to be reformed."

"Before Wesley showed up with those idiots from the Watcher's Council, I might  have believed you," Angel said. "But now? She doesn't think she can trust us.  And, frankly, she might be right. Last week you were holding knives to each  other's throats. Now she's making nice, because she's sick? Maybe she's using  you to find a cure, and then it's back to business as usual."

"She knows she can trust me," Buffy said simply.

"How?" The word was a challenge.

"The reason she's sick is that she can read minds," Buffy said. "It's killing  her."

Angel stalked a few steps away and gave a frustrated sigh, staring at the  black-curtained windows. "And this made you decide to come here and tell me  you're ending it?"

"It's been ending for a long time," Buffy said. "That's what I came to say."

"Buffy..."

"Goodbye, Angel."

"I'll stay, you know." Angel's gaze was dark, helpless. "To be with you in the  fight against the Mayor. But after that--"

Buffy nodded. "You'll leave Sunnydale?"

"Yes." He hesitated, then added, "You and Faith..."

"It's not what you think," she said.  Yet.

"You don't know what I think." Angel's lips were tight. "That night I found you  in the alley, with blood on your hands--you think I couldn't smell her on you?"

Buffy felt the blush staining her cheeks, but refused to turn away. He thought  he could treat her like she was a criminal, but she'd done nothing wrong. "We'd  been dancing."

"I know. I saw you. But I thought it was just her. I didn't know you wanted--"  He shook his head. "I thought we were forever."

"I think you know," Buffy said, "that I don't have forever. And you just wanted  me to say it first."

"Wait," Angel said.

She stared at him, waiting, but thinking of Faith, sick and helpless.

Finally, with a hopeless shrug, he said, "You're right. I didn't want to be the  one to say it. I couldn't hurt you like that."

"I know," Buffy whispered.

She pushed through the draperies blocking the door and walked away from the  mansion, and she didn't look back.

Faith was curled up on B's bed, watching the bright afternoon sun fading to  evening. The thoughts weren't as bad here, pretty much as far from the center of  town as you could get in a small place like Sunnydale. Now all she could hear  was the roar of crashing waves, like she had seashells pressed to