Too bad you had to work the night shift...  But if I recall correctly we both have tonight off?  Could be interesting...*

Tom sighed.  “If it’s a woman, I’d say ‘interesting’ is an understatement.”  

Harry rolled his eyes and grinned.  “Pig.”  

“I’d love to know whom this PADD is for!  You said you found it in the turbolift?”  

Harry nodded.  “Yes, on the floor.  Somebody must have dropped it without noticing.”  

Tom frowned.  “But who would lose track of a PADD with that content?  If that was mine, I would make sure no one else saw it!  Well, that’s not true.  If I had an affair with the Captain I’d shout it over the comm system.”  Tom grinned.  “But the Captain and this mysterious person were obviously not trying to go public.”

They read through the letter again, looking for other clues, but there were surprisingly little.  The only thing they could find is that the Captain’s lover had *beautiful brown eyes*.  

“It could be half the ship!”  Tom sighed frustrated.  “I want to know who it is.  It’ll keep me awake all night!”  

“What will?”  B’Elanna came up to their table, grabbed the PADD Tom was waving around and sat down.  “What’s this?”

The two men kept quiet as she read the PADD.  B’Elanna’s mouth fell open when she realized just what she was reading.  She looked up at the two men in front of her who had mistaken her embarrassment at being caught for genuine surprise.  

Tom leaned towards her before she could say anything.  “It would seem that the good Captain has a secret affair.”  He nodded smugly.  “The only question is: with whom?”  

It took B’Elanna a few seconds to realize that they hadn’t yet figured out it was her.  And that was just as well, she decided.  Best to leave them in the dark until she had talked it over with Kathryn.  

“Who would you think it is?”  Harry asked her.  

She shrugged.  “I have no idea.  How did you get this PADD?”  

Tom took it out of her hands.  “Harry found it in the turbolift this morning.  Somebody must have dropped it there.”  

B’Elanna inwardly smacked herself on the head, remembering the whole stack of PADDs she’d been carrying in that same turbolift this morning.  Kathryn was going to kill her.  

Tom sat up straight.  “Hey, I have an idea.  Why don’t we spy on her tonight?  It says in the letter that she and her mysterious lover are planning to spend the evening together.”

“Get a life, Tom.  That’s just pathetic.”  B’Elanna rolled her eyes, inwardly fearing that he would do it.  She knew he wouldn’t rest until his curiosity was satisfied.  Damn it.  She had to tell Kathryn.  

“Fine.”  Tom leaned back in his chair.  “You think of something then.”  

“Come on Tom,” B’Elanna tried to soothe him, “just don’t embarrass her, that’s all.”  She obviously doesn’t want this to be out in the open.  So be a little discreet will you?”  

Luckily Harry backed her up.  “She’s right Tom.  We shouldn’t embarrass her.”  

Tom held up his hands in surrender.  “Alright, alright.  I won’t spy on her.”  He sighed.  “So, Harry, you up for Sandrine’s tonight then?”

Harry just shrugged.  “Sure.”

B’Elanna got up from her chair.  “Hey, I have to go now.  But I’ll keep my eyes and ears open.  If I hear anything, you’ll be the first to know.  In the mean time, let’s keep this whole thing between us, okay?”  She hoped it would be enough.  

~

B’Elanna was sitting on the couch in her quarters as Kathryn let herself in.  

“Hey gorgeous...”  Kathryn sat down beside her and placed tiny little kisses in her neck.  “Did you get my letter?”  

“Yeah, about that...”  B’Elanna bit her lip.  The nuzzling at her neck stopped and Kathryn sat up, looking at her lover.  

“What about it?”  She asked, one eyebrow raised, Tuvok-style.

B’Elanna sighed.  “You slipped it between the other PADDs you gave me this morning, didn’t you?”  

At Kathryn’s affirmative nod, she continued.  “Well, apparently I dropped it in the turbolift without realizing.  I didn’t know it was there, so I didn’t know it was missing when I got to my office.”  

“But how do you know you dropped it, if you didn’t know it was there?”  Kathryn was sure she wasn’t going to like the answer.

B’Elanna took a deep breath.  “Harry found it.”  

A groan.  “No.”

“And he showed it to Tom