. So seeing as you’re awake I guess you’re a vampire now.” Harry stood up angrily, walking up to Niall and facing him down as best as he could. Niall was almost Harry’s height, with Harry only just clearing the top of Niall’s head, but he’d use any advantage he could get if he was going to intimidate him.“What do you mean you bit me?”“I mean just that. I bit you. It’s pretty self-explanatory if you ask me.” Niall intoned, picking at his fingers as if he was bored.Harry was livid. Livid that he had become something he never even knew existed until 5 minutes ago. Livid that Niall could deliver such news with such a bored expression on his face.“You can’t just go around biting people without their permission. In case you didn’t notice I don’t want to be a vampire. I don’t want to have to stay inside all day. How am I going to finish my degree? I don’t want to turn into a bat or whatever it is you guys do, and I certainly, never, ever, want to drink blood.”“Look, the only reason I bit you was because you were bleeding out behind one of the main campus buildings and that was the only way to save your life.”Harry stepped back onto the bed shocked.“Okay, so you had good intentions. But what do I do now? How am I going to finish university?”Niall frowned, upset at seeing Harry so panicked. “Look, the nocturnal thing takes a bit of getting used to. And you don’t always have to drink blood. You can eat human food,”Niall said, trying to put Harry’s heart at ease. Harry still looked really awkward though, and Niall wasn’t prepared to spend the early hours of the morning comforting a very emotional, newly turned vampire. “Look,” he started, walking towards the window, “I’ll be back on Friday, just stay inside, out of the sun and wait for me. You’ll survive two days without classes,” He added, seeing the look on Harry’s face. Before harry could reply, he jumped out of the window,disappearing into the night. Friday Night.Harry lay awake on his bed, waiting for Niall to return. Thursday seemed to drag on while Harry thought about what being a vampire meant. Niall had left him with absolutely no indication as to how hard this creature of the night thing would be, and (naturally) he wondered how he was going to get through this. Friday though, had seemed to pass by in a haze, as he sent texts to worried friends, making up a lie about where he’d been the past few days.The past two days were probably the easiest days he was going to get for a while. He sighed, sitting up as he got impatient. Where the hell was Niall and what was taking him so long. Just as Harry thought this, he heard a knock on his door, soon followed by the creaking of the door as the door was opened and whoever was knocking let themselves in.“Why’s your door unlocked, that’s unsafe,” Niall said when he saw Harry.“Nice to see you too Niall. I’ve had a great past two days, thanks for asking.”Niall smirked, amused at the sarcasm in Harry’s voice.“Well get ready because your day’s about to get better, follow me.”Niall was out the door before Harry could even ask him what they were doing tonight. He followed him down the stairs and out of the building as they walked along one of the footpaths. “So where are we going?”“Park,”Niall stated, not saying anything more.“You gonna tell me what we’re doing there?”“Nah, it’s a surprise I’ll explain it when we get there.”The rest of the journey was in silence, neither of them having anything to say to the other. As Harry walked along, he finally had a chance to appreciate some of the benefits of being a vampire. It was his first time outside and everything felt so different. He could see things in much sharper detail, and hear even the tiniest sounds. This was great for Harry as he enjoyed being able to notice new things about his surroundings. It made the world seem so much more interesting to him.“We’re here,” Niall said as he dragged Harry behind some shrubbery along one of the jogging paths.“Why are hiding behind shrubs on a Friday night?”“Because, Everyone is most active on Friday nights, making them the best time to feed.” Niall snuck a look at Harry as he said this last part, waiting for his reaction.“Feed? As in drink blood? I thought you said I wouldn’t have to do that!” Harry cried out.“No. What I said was you wouldn’t have to always drink blood. You have to have some once a week at least to keep