m going to come, he realized suddenly. Oh my god, he’s going to make me come. But he couldn’t say any of this, despite how significant it was, because the walls were paper thin and Michael Corner was just on the other side. He bit down hard on his wrist, breathing quickly through his nose as he watched Malfoy suck and finger-fuck him, his hips thrusting up of their own volition, and then it was just too much, the delicious feeling too much, and Harry’s back arched all the way off the bed as he emptied himself in Malfoy’s hot, waiting mouth.

It seemed to last forever, and Malfoy didn’t stop suckling him until the sensation was almost too much to bear. Harry fell back against the bed and Malfoy crawled up his body, kneeling on either side of his shoulders. He pulled Harry’s face up by the back of his neck and fed him his cock and Harry wrapped his lips around it eagerly, his eyes meeting Malfoy’s as he sucked and swallowed around him. Malfoy was staring right at him, fucking his mouth with deep strokes of his hips. Harry reached up and fondled his balls, sucking hard, and Malfoy gasped, spilling hot ropes of come straight down Harry’s throat.

He pumped into Harry’s mouth until he was spent, and then he carefully moved off to lay down next to him, his thighs trembling the whole while. Harry exhaled heavily. He was grinning, and he could not make himself stop. He stared up at the ceiling, tracing the old plastered-over crack there and smiled like a bloody loon.

Malfoy turned to look at him. “What’s so funny?” he whispered.

Harry shook his head, still smiling. “Nothing. Nothing’s funny at all. This is the most amazing moment of my life.”

Malfoy smirked. “Well, I know I’m good, but I didn’t think I was that good. The most amazing moment of your entire life, you say?”

Harry nodded. “No one’s ever made me come before.”

Malfoy pulled himself up on one elbow to look down at Harry. His face was contorted with disbelief. “No one? Ever? You’re twenty-six years old.” Belatedly, they both remembered that silencing spells existed and Malfoy cast one. He said, “You’ve never come without something in your arse, and you’ve never come from someone else pleasuring you?”

“Nope, never,” said Harry. He grinned at Malfoy. “I guess it is a little funny that it’s you who finally did it.” He sighed happily. “Honestly, I thought I’d die without ever experiencing an orgasm from anyone but myself.”

Malfoy quirked a grin. He had a rather nice grin, actually. And his cheeks, when they were flushed from exertion, were quite nice, too. “I wish that I could brag about this, but I’d much rather have a shot at a second go, so I won’t.”

Harry eyed him. “Never?”

Malfoy shrugged. “We can negotiate after this programme. I’ll give you a free pass for the duration of this ridiculous show.”

Harry laughed. “God, you are such a twat, Malfoy.”

He laughed, too, but it seemed a little forced. “Sorry Potter. I’ve got a kid to feed, you know.”

Harry did know. He wondered if Scorpius was cute...if he was having fun with Malfoy’s secretary, whomever that was, if he was happy...if he needed another parent.



-x-

“The free Snitch went to Draco Malfoy. I’ve got five Snitches left to give out. Those of you who receive one will be continuing on with us to Brazil. Those who don’t will be returning home tonight. The first Snitch I’ll give out tonight is going to Dune.”

Dune gave him a ruddy-cheeked smile as he stalked over to collect his Snitch. Harry gave the next one to Hermione, and made sure to stare directly into the cameras as he did so, so that Ron would know that Harry knew exactly what he was doing. Then he gave one to Titus, because he was still a good-looking fuck, even if he did go a bit wild on the margaritas. The last two went to Socorro and Zeph, leaving just Ruby and Michael Corner without Snitches. Michael was a nice bloke, but Harry really didn’t get any fuck-me vibes from him, and Ruby was…Merlin, was Ruby gorgeous, but Harry could tell when someone wasn’t interested in him. Harry gave them an apologetic smile and they were good sports about it. 

Then Javier said that the lighting had been all wrong and they’d had to re-shoot the whole thing, which was bloody humiliating since everyone still had to act surprised and Michael and Ruby had to pretend like they didn’t know they were getting dumped.

When filming was