It's your turn now," he said.

"All right," Arthur agreed, though he had a slightly different game in mind. He closed his eyes. "Marco," he said, leaning forward with his lips pressed together. 

"Polo," came the whispered response. Alfred hadn't moved from his spot, and he was still there a second later as their lips met in a tentative kiss. Alfred's lips tasted of chlorine, but that wasn't enough to stop Arthur from deepening the kiss. The wet kisses continued until they were both flushed and out of breath.

For all of his worldliness in other areas, Alfred was surprisingly hesitant in his kissing. Then again, the American had never had the advantages of a prep school education. All-male boarding schools were a hotbed of homosexual activity, teaching Arthur valuable lessons outside of his official courses. He put all of that knowledge to good use, tilting his head at just the right angle and slipping his tongue between eager lips.

They pulled apart for breath and Alfred stared at Arthur with pure longing. Arthur heard the blood pumping in his ears and tried to remember the last time he had felt so much pleasure from a simple kiss.

A short beep from Alfred's phone was the only warning Arthur had before the young man grabbed his hand and pulled him up against the edge of the pool. "Sssh," Alfred warned, covering Arthur's lips with a gentle finger and pulling him into a crouch as they both pressed against the wall of the pool, hidden from view. Moments later, Arthur heard a door open and saw a beam of light sweep above them across the room. His heart beat frantically in his chest, but the light missed them and also missed the piles of clothing hidden behind the pillars. Satisfied, the guard closed the door and returned to his patrol. 

The enjoyment of the kisses momentarily forgotten, this time Arthur was fairly certain that blood pounding in his chest was from fear of getting caught. As the fear subsided, he noticed that his body was pressed flush against Alfred's legs. 

"We should probably leave before the guard comes back," Alfred whispered. "His shift wasn't supposed to start for another 15 minutes, but I guess he came in early."

Arthur nodded and reluctantly climbed out of the pool. Adrenaline had heightened his senses, making him ultra-aware of Alfred as the naked American slipped into the changing rooms and fetched two towels. Arthur blushed as he felt Alfred's gaze caressing his skin. They dried off and dressed quickly, trying hard not to look at each other, but glancing over anyway when they thought the other wasn't looking. 

The alley was just as dark and empty as they had left it and Arthur breathed a sigh of relief once they were safely outside the building. He grabbed Alfred's hand and squeezed it as they walked back to the Kirkland penthouse on Park Avenue. "Thank you, Alfred. Though might I suggest that if you feel like skinny dipping again, we go somewhere where it's legal?"

"Where's the fun in that?" Alfred laughed and gave Arthur a peck on the cheek before they reached the entrance to Arthur's building. 

Arthur shook his head and tsked. "Stealing kisses. Who knows what you might steal next?" he teased. He smirked and walked to the door, leaving Alfred to stand on the pavement gaping like a fish. 

The American was just going to have to learn that you couldn't take someone on an adventure without going on one yourself. And this intriguing relationship was the sort that promised to last a lifetime.

❃ ❃ ❃


Three years later...


It wasn't until Arthur lowered himself into the pleasantly warm water that he felt his anger begin to cool. He took a deep breath and unclenched his fists. He hated arguing with Alfred, but the American just didn't understand how much Arthur worried about him when he continued hacking on the edges of the law. 

Taking another deep breath, Arthur began to work off his anger with a fast breast stroke across the pool and back. Lap after lap, he swam until he felt the tension in his neck and arms begin to drain away. Finally breathless, he just let himself float on the water and tried to keep his thoughts from drifting back to his painful argument with his aggravating yet endearing boyfriend.

Arthur sighed when he heard steps echoing across the marble floor. "The pool is reserved for a private event," he called, irritated that someone had ignored the signs.

"Don't you think it'd be a better party with two?" a familiar voice replied.

Arthur jerked his head up and frowned. "Please tell me you didn't sneak in, Alfred. You promised me you wouldn't do this anymore. I bought you a membership and everything." 

"So what? You can't solve everything with money," Alfred said, crossing his arms as he leaned against a pillar. He was probably trying to give Arthur a serious look, but his pout made him look like an irritated puppy who