, right, and pulled her to me. If she were a human, her arm would had been ripped off. With a fist as hot as lava, I punched her straight into the face. Her face melted away, revealing the bone of her cheek and the pink flesh surrounding it, Ignoring the hit, she kneed me in the gut. The force made me cough blood as I felt my insides run cold.



I pulled away from her with my hand tending to the dropping heat in my body. Annie smirked at me, which ticked me off. I knew that she knew that she was better at hand to hand combat compared to myself. As long as I’m in a deficit of energy, there was no way that I could beat her with my own power. She was superior being that fed on only human blood. I sighed as I accepted the fact that I was going to have to cheat a little bit. I observed Annie, watching her like a prey, as I reached into my back pocket. I pulled out the gift for Levi. I would have to use it first.



I grab onto the hilt and smiled pathetically. The silver was so close to my skin, ready to burn me. I point the blade to Annie, the blonde girl who used to follow me around. That was until she realized she was apart of a supreme race called vampires. Hurting her was something I can do, but to kill her was a whole new thing.



“You think I’m afraid of that?” Annie asked in feigned amusement.



“No, but I think you should be,” I replied in a monotone voice. I knew that from a young age, she feared silver. “Annie… I’m sorry.”



She ignored my warnings and rushed towards me. I dodged sideways from her punch and quickly jumped back knowing that she was going for a grab. I tried going for a stab, but she jumped away, just barely escaping the knife. She was too distracted. Accomplishing my goal, I kicked her down while she was still airborne. I heard the air leave her lungs when she slammed onto the roof.



She tried to get up, but I pinned her down. A growl left her lips and in response I pointed the silver blade to her just. Her skin burned as she remained quiet. I looked down on her with mournful eyes. She scoffed and then started to laugh.



“Can you even do it?” Annie mocked in between her laughs. “You can’t, can you? You really are like a human, so sentimental.”



“Shut up!” I screamed as I push the knife deeper into her chest. “What do you guys want from me?!”



“Nothing,” Annie answered with a condescending smirk. “We were already told to come back. The chief doesn’t need you anymore. You’re useless. The only thing left is to kill that human.”



“What?” I asked. I felt my brows scrunch in confusion. They no longer needed me, but that didn’t mean that they wouldn’t do anything out of spite. Annie was only here to distract me… Levi was going to die. Unless I killed them all, those silver eyes were going to die.



At that realization, I felt my blood boiled. I bared my teeth to the blonde vampire. With my free hand, I reached down to her shoulder, touching her skin through the tattered clothes. I gripped her flesh, feeling it break under the palm of my hand. She cried out in pain, but I couldn’t hear it. It wasn’t enough. Even if I couldn’t kill her, I was capable of this at the very least. She needed to get out of the way, be incapable to battle for a while. Haha, she needed to explode.



I leaned forward and breathed on her neck. Annie’s breath hitched, but I ignored it. I licked at the tempting flesh, feeling the pulse of a beating heart. My mouth salivated at the feast waiting for me. I opened my mouth and sunk my teeth into the soft flesh. I sucked, pulling blood into my mouth. The blood was so satisfying on my tongue that it pained me to swallow it. I kept taking in mouthfuls of her blood, feeling the way my body rejuvenates from it.



Once content, I pulled my teeth away from the neck. I lapped on the remaining blood and then sat back up. Annie gave me a murderous glare as I licked my lips clean. I squeezed her shoulder, cracking her bones this time. My hand was warming up with the new found energy. I looked down on her with a smile.



Then blood splattered everywhere.



Annie screamed in anguish as I stood up. I put Levi’s knife away as I stared at her limbless body. Oh, poor little Annie was crying again. I reached down and patted her head like I used to. She would always cry when she lost a fight. It was okay, because even if it hurts, she could regenerate