and passionate. Eijun immediately felt his cheeks get red, and stomach rolls upside down. Whenever Mei kissed him in this way, time stood still, and the world around ceased to exist. The younger boy wanted to hug his lover, but his hands were well secured. Blonde ended the kiss and bite Sawamura again, but this time he did it to his lower lip.

"Mei, you don't want to...?"

"I want to." Narumiya put his hand on the younger boy's crotch as if he wanted confirm his words in this way.

Eijun bite his lips. He knew what Mei wants, and he knew he would have to give it to him. It was not that he didn't want to. They did it a few times before, but he still stressed. Mei saw that his kitten began to get nervous, so he decided to take his head busy with something really enjoyable. He wasn't waiting a second longer. He grabbed Eijun's briefs and pulled them off with strong move. Sawamura covered his whole face with his hands and took a deep breath. He was embarrassed to the limit.

"Mei..." He said so softly, that he barely hear himself. He felt that the words stuck in his throat.

"Shhh..." Blonde stared shamelessly at the younger boy's dick and licked his lips in an ostentatious way. He wanted Eijun so much that he was barely controlling his hands.

Narumiya opened a little his lover's legs and lay between them. One hand he rested on his hip, and with the other grabbed the boy's cock. He felt that it was already a bit hard. He could hear Eijun's fast breath, but it made him only turned on even more. Mei didn't want to wait any longer. He took the head of Eijun's penis into his mouth, which he sucked and licked passionately. He felt and saw how the younger boy's cock becomes larger and harder. He couldn't stop the mutter of satisfaction. Sawamura tensed his whole body, and of his mouth have escaped a few moans of pleasure.

He wanted to look at Mei, but he couldn't do that. He was too embarrassed. His heart was beating so hard that he could hear it perfectly. His mouth was dry, and all over his body he felt a delightful shiver. Narumiya's mouth was busy as ever. His tongue and lips were everywhere. He taunted Eijun when he suddenly stopped to caress and touch.

"Mei... N-no..." Sawamura could hardly speak. His voice trembled, and his lips has barely moved.

"Hmmm? I can't hear you." Mei played with him in a nasty way. Now just rubbed his cock. "You have to to speak louder ..."

"Don't stop ... I beg you." Eijun gulped and finally removed his hands from his eyes to look at Mei.

Narumiya almost came when he saw the face of his kitten. It was the most, innocent and sweet face he had seen in his life. Eijun was probably on the edge of orgasm because he moved restlessly and was breathing heavily. Mei was not going to bother him anymore. He began to suck him really hard. Sawamura clenched his hands on the pillow. When he came, for a moment he couldn't catch his breath. He was unable even to scream. He tensed, and a few seconds later, all relaxed. He glanced at Mei, who swallowed his sperm and grimaced in disgust.

"I'm sorry ..." Whispered Eijun and closed his eyes. He tried to control his breathing and his galloping heart.

Narumiya didn't answer. He smacked his lips again slightly and leaned over his lover. One hand touched Eijun's butt, and the other grabbed his chin and turned his head in his way.

"Look at me." He ordered and using his fingers began to prepare the younger boy for more pleasure. Eijun bit his lip and tried to look at Mei as he was told, but every now and then his gaze run away on the side. It didn't hurt as much as the first or second time. At the beginning it was still a little not nice, but the moment of suffering was worth all pleasures, which came later.

After a short while Mei noticed that Sawamura starting to get impatient. He didn't want to delay it any longer, because he was also very elated, and his cock was hard as a rock. He took off his underwear and lay down between the legs of his lover, and leaned his weight on his elbows.

Before he entered him, gave him his killer smile and winked. Eijun put one hand to his mouth and the other slid into Mei's hair. The interior of the younger boy was tight and hot. Narumiya felt that he won't hold it that long as if he wanted to.

"Oh God..." He muttered amused and kissed his kitten in a greedy and wild way. His hips from the beginning were moving at a steady pace. Not too fast