She smelled of honeysuckle and maple which made his stomach rumble even though he already had filled himself on earlier prey. It seemed that she was keeping along one path and was stopping every so often for the same amount of time. He had never been to this forest before so anything could had really caught his attention. So a solitary elf moving like clockwork was something that intrigued him.

Fen’Harel sniffed the air and caught the aroma of the elf coming to closer to where he was hunkered down in the overgrowth. He watched her carefully with his ruby-red eyes and wondering what she was doing. At first, it seemed that she was simply leaving flowers at worn statues. Upon peering further at these statues, he could make out the faces of his fellow Creators.

 

Throughout his travels he had seen hundreds of shrines devoted to his kin and very few devoted to him. Those shrines that were devoted to him were often covered in moss and vines with no offering set around them. It mattered little to him since he was not a god who craved offerings or followers, he craved intrigue and amusement. So with a low puff of air Fen’Harel was growing extremely bored of the sight before him and began to think everything in this area was dull.

He took note of the elf though and his ears perked up when she began to move again, she seemed to be a dutiful and controlled sort. Not someone who would be fun to enter a game with…well, perhaps a game of riddles, but that was not the type of game Fen’Harel was interested in at that moment. She was a dainty little thing and the robes she wore did her no justice, in fact she looked like someone who was devoted to Mythal or Sylaise. Mythal was a dear friend of The Dread Wolf, yet she was not one who he could fool around too much with. She had a temper and he did not want to ignite it like he had done so many times before.

As the elf moved before him, Fen’Harel followed silently beside her in the bushes. Just making enough noise that would cause her to be alert, but not enough that would send her running. She looked modest in her robes, but her face was anything but plain. Fen’Harel was interested in how intense her eyes were, they were almost as deep and golden as the sun itself. His eyes then flicked to her lips which were set in a way that always made her look like she was pondering on some great magical theory. She seemed to radiate with an aura of innocence which made him nearly roll his eyes. She was a pretty little thing, but seemed to be rather tame and unlikely to partake in any mischief. So instead of tempting her, Fen’Harel merely observed her with his eyes never leaving her form.


Halinia’s POV:


Only two flowers remained in Halinia’s basket when she reached the final shrine. It belonged to The Dread Wolf, Fen’Harel. Before she had arrived to his shrine, she felt the hair on the back of her neck standing up more on edge than usual; there was a tension in the air that she could not yet define. She found it odd that for once she felt uncomfortable in the place she called home, yet even with this nervousness Halinia had a duty to her clan, to the Creators, and to herself.

So Halinia tenderly picked up the remaining two flowers that were a deep violet color and set them at the base of shrine. Her eyes then shut and she began to send her prayer to the Creators for the final time that day.

“With these offerings I only ask of thee to protect my clan’s hunters, keep the children innocent for as long as you are able, and guide us down the path that will lead us into your embrace.”

Halinia felt a slight tingle in the air as those last few words slipped over her lips and were carried away by the wind. She then looked up at the shrine to Fen’Harel and placed a hand on its chest. “Fen’Harel enansal.”

A blessing that was personal to The Dread Wolf and hopefully someone else in Thedas was murmuring this blessing as well. It was almost sad to Halinia that Fen’Harel’s shrine was always so barren, save for her own offerings. Some thought that being hated was the worst thing in the world, but being forgotten or ignored is much a greater pain. Halinia never knew what it felt like to be forgotten or ignored, but she could understand how it would hurt. She then shooed away that thought and realized how she was bringing one of the Creators down to her level.

“I do wonder what Fen’Harel feels when he turns his attention to my peoples’ realm…if he even has the base emotions as I do…” Halinia whispered to herself as she turned around just in time to see a shadow pass by her.


“Andaran atish’an.”


She called out into the bushes, asking for whatever was there to show itself peacefully, yet of course she did not get a response. With a low sigh at the nature