: distracting himself by having a conversation with inner-Sehun.  Sehun isn't going to lie to himself: he does not have a mathematical brain. He's good at math, he doesn't hate it (although he studies human resources management), but he does not look at everything methodically. He wishes he did. How sick would it be, he thinks, if he could tackle every issue as if it were a math problem? This would mean it's bound to have a solution, even if the solution is the limit does not exist. Or something. He nods to himself silently. Things would be simpler that way.  If Sehun could think like Sherlock, maybe he could figure what was wrong with him.  It’s been a few days since their Italian-restaurant lunch date, and the feeling he’d fleetingly felt low in his stomach that day only seems to have intensified since then. He still can’t explain it; there are too many thoughts swimming in his head that seem to be the answer - friends, parents, boyfriends, something someone said to him, maybe - but then he waves it off. It doesn’t make much sense to him. No matter what he does or distracts himself with, Sehun finds it difficult to appease this dull ache.  His phone quacks in his pocket, pulling him out of his reflection. He fishes it out and slides to unlock. One notification on Kakaotalk.  Ur thinking face isn't pretty.  The message from Lu Han makes Sehun laugh, and it's enough to completely derail his thoughts and put a temporary halt to his feelings.   He knows Lu Han is on campus too, having graciously accepted to tutor those other undergraduates in need during the Summer. r u stalking me?   U loser. ofc i am♡  How would you even know? he responds. You nver help me with hw and ur a math major. MATH.  Somewhere in the University Center, as he backs away from a window looking over the quad perhaps, Sehun can imagine Lu Han laughing at his phone, very pleased with himself.  Bc i care about my mental wellbeing. 2 much math & i die.  u love numbers.  I love my wellbeinv more :')  ur stupid but ily.  -ignores ur unwanted opinion-

 

 



~

  Spending time with Lu Han is different than spending time with Junmyun.  Junmyun is always mindful of other people's space, always polite or hesitant when he so much as wants to reach out to hold his boyfriends' hands. He knows how to read people, too, knowing when they need a soothing hand over their thigh, more confident in offering that reassuring hand than blatantly flirting with his actions. In that regard, he’s a little bit like Sehun with his clumsy affection.  With Lu Han, it's the opposite. He’s touchy, clingy, oftentimes finding his mouth pressed against his skin and acting innocent. “How did my hand end up down your pants?” Lu Han has no respect for boundaries, doesn't believe in them. Most times none of them really object, because they know Lu Han likes to touch.  Keeping close contact means more to Lu Han than the sexy things it leads to. For him, it's a way to feel connected to his partner - partners - through simple actions like intertwining their hands, tangling their legs together, laying his head on his shoulder as they watch a movie, fingers feathering their way up his arm (and popcorn flying across the room because somehow, they always end up making a mess neither Junmyun nor Minseok appreciates.)  Between the two of them, Lu Han is almost always the one to reach out first, needily, and Sehun loves it. It probably gives him the upper hand in his goal of flustering his boyfriends, but Sehun feels like he's the one taking care of the hyung rather than the other way around, and in a way, he likes that someone depends on him sometimes rather than he always depend on everyone around him.  It's one of the reasons why, cuddled against each other on the couch, Lu Han's arms around Sehun's waist, the youngest sports an almost dreamy expression. If his boyfriend notices, he doesn't make a smug remark about it.  Rush Hour 2 is playing on TV. It's perfect, really, for Lu Han, since he lives for the banter between Carter and Inspector Lee. (He also admits that for an older man, Jackie Chan is quite fine, which only mildly disturbs Sehun because he's not so sure he agrees.)  "You should really learn my language," Lu Han mentions absently when that crazy woman Hu Li relays her desire to cut off Isabella's pretty lips and bury her in the desert. "The expressions are so colourful. You're really missing out."  "They have subtitles."  Lu Han rolls his eyes dramatically. "In English, you idiot. Don't you ever wish you understood what they said yourself?"  “Teach me something right now."  Lu Han moves after a beat, sitting on his