Cas’ eyes once again travelled up and down Dean’s body. Fuck, he had to see Dean’s hard-on, hadn’t he?

"Is this why you’ve been to the store so many times, Dean?" Cas asked but he wasn’t looking Dean in the eye, he was now blatantly staring at Dean’s crotch. "You wanted me to suck you off? Tell me."

Dean swallowed and tried to control his jumping dick. It was a losing battle. "Yes." He admitted in a low rasp. "You’re driving me crazy."

Real smooth admitting that too, Winchester. God, Dean wanted to smack himself.

But Cas smirked in such a way that Dean didn't think it had been so stupid after all. He put a hand on Dean’s taut stomach, bunching up his t-shirt. "You a virgin, Dean?"

Dean had to concentrate to fucking breathe with Cas’ hand on him like this. Fuck, if he wasn’t careful he might blow his load way too soon and embarrass himself in front of the only person that suddenly mattered.

"No." He said and wasn’t the least surprised when it came out in a strangled groan. "There was this party and I…"

Cas’ eyes shot up to Dean’s face when Dean trailed off. "You lost it there? Tell me, Dean," Cas stepped closer and holyfuckingshit his face was suddenly so close his lips were touching Dean’s as he spoke. "Were you on top, or bottom?"

"I-I…" Dean cleared his throat and watched Cas smirk again. Where the fuck had this man been hiding? Cas was nothing like this in his usual day-life and Dean was loving getting to see him so demanding. Somehow it felt even more tantalizing to have such a demanding man submit. Or maybe it wouldn’t be submitting? Maybe Cas would just use Dean as he pleased. Oh God, what if Cas wanted Dean as his personal sex toy? Real live dildo? "T-top." He whispered and moved a hand down to squeeze his dick.

Cas hadn’t done anything sexual yet and even so Dean was hard enough to hurt, so ready to cream his pants with just one too many squeezes.

"And now you wish to top again?"

"I just… Just anything you want, Cas." Dean moaned, fucking moaned, because shit, Cas was so close, pressing in all around Dean’s senses. His scent, his eyes, his fucking everything was making Dean dizzy with need.

"Anything I want?" Cas asked and Dean saw his eyes blow out. "Get in the car, Dean."

Dean scrambled with the handle behind his back and clumsily got the door open enough for him to slip inside. He landed on his rump on the backseat and slid back to accommodate Cas as he climbed in as well, pulling the door shut.

"Cas, I really want you but I don’t want you to do something you don’t like."

Dean gulped when Cas looked up and suddenly looked like his usual, kind self. Fuck, Dean was realizing the demanding demeanor Cas had here really was just how he acted during sex. Cas was really gentle and kind but during sex he apparently needed to let something out. And Dean wanted to catch it.

"You’re not forcing me, Dean." Cas said assuringly and spread Dean’s legs to put himself between them, surprising Dean by leaning down and kissing him. The kiss was gentle but it still set fire to Dean’s every nerve ending. "I’m gonna give you what you wanted and then you’ll give me what I want, does that sound okay?"

"Sounds perfect." Dean squeaked out and felt Cas grin against his lips.

That was apparently all Cas needed to get started. Without further ado, he hunched down to get to eye-level with Dean’s straining dick and expertly flicked open Dean’s jeans. And fuck, that was his hand around Dean’s heated flesh and Dean couldn’t breathe.

Cas fished him out and didn’t even bother with pulling off Dean’s jeans before diving down and sucking Dean deep down his throat.

Dean groaned loudly and put his fist to his mouth to keep quiet, biting down on his knuckles because fucking shit, Cas had definitely done this before.

His throat opened up without much prodding and his tongue snaked around Dean’s dick even as he sucked hard, cheeks hollowing out.

Dean was soon reduced to a babbling mess and Cas wasn’t so much sucking Dean off as he was fucking his face on Dean’s dick. God, Dean had gotten blow-jobs before but they had been nothing compared to this. Cas clearly wasn’t new or hesitant about this but rather looked like he fucking lived for it. He was clearly enjoying what he was doing to Dean, if his little moans were something to go by. And when Dean put one hand in Cas’