away, no matter how many times I die, I will always come back to you."

 "Yeah, like how you stayed in Purgatory, then came back to lie to me, break my arm and run off with the angel tablet?" Dean's voice is weak as he swallows around the lump in his throat. "Screw you." He jerks his hands away, stalks off to the bathroom. He doesn't look back to see Cas's hurt expression.



***

 Dean's skin feels magnetized, every inch crying out to feel skin. His mouth is dry with the desire to to lick, suck, nibble, caress. Yeah, this had started one night when John had left Dean on his own while Sammy was in college.

 One dark day when he was halfway to blackout drunk, he was spinning his wheels on a case and out of cash. So he hadn't laughed when a good-looking guy came over and bought him a drink. He hadn't punched the guy in the face when he suggested that if Dean did him a solid in the men's bathroom he'd make it worth his while. He'd just tagged along, in a drunken blur, then got to his knees and let himself be used. Dean had swallowed his pride and swallowed dick. He'd felt disgusted with himself and dirty once the fog of alcohol wore off. No amount of beer had managed to wash off the taste, the sensation of something clinging to the back of his throat. He'd thrown up and sworn never to do it again but it kept happening. He kept not saying no. Gradually, he got better at it.

 His chest is tight, his dick is hard, and it's all he can do to not look at porn and jack-off instead of screwing up game after game of Bejeweled Blitz on his smart-phone. He'd come to crave it, went looking for dudes to jerk off and suck off at times when they didn't come to him. He'd formed a mask. A persona that made it easier to get the craving fed. It happened with women sometimes, too.

 Usually, girls were all soft and pliant, but once in awhile... Dean swallows, tries not to remember Rhonda Hurley. Sometimes, a certain kind of girl could put him under. Cas is in a whole 'nother category. More exotic by far than a girl who isn't shy about bossing him around. Cas isn't human. He's stronger, faster, has more stamina, can take and receive brutal punishment. He also probably doesn't even have a gag reflex, not being human. What would the angel do to him, if pushed?

 Castiel has watched over humans for untold millennia. Watched Dean. A shudder rips through him. Cas would study him, taking in all the minute details, every smallest bit of reaction with that unflinching stare. He'd probably watch his racing heart, the flush of his skin, the the rush of his blood, the firing of his neurons. Figure out how to kiss him, how to pleasure him, how hard to fuck him, at what angle—Dean curses and bites down hard on the inside of his cheek.

 Dean sweats as he sits on the increasingly uncomfortable toilet seat, his ass going numb. It's almost enough to take his mind off the pain from his rock-hard dick pressing against the seam of his fly and from his balls being squished; they're caught between his erection and the toilet where they're trapped in his jeans.
It's been a half hour and his angel is still waiting. Dean can feel Castiel's presence like a physical weight.

 Trying to distract himself isn't working. He gets up and walks over to the bathroom door, pounds on it. "Go away, Cas! I know you're out there! I'm going to stay in here and go on a frigging hunger strike if you don't take off!"

 He can hear Cas take in a shaky breath to speak from the other side. "Dean..."

 "I said no, asshole! You going to stop being an exception and be as huge a dick as every other goddamn angel?" Dean trembles, in rage and arousal, presses his forehead to the bathroom door. He is running a fever, chemicals spiking his blood pressure and amping up his heart-rate as his body anticipates the thrill of chasing an orgasm, his own and another's. Of holding power over someone in a way that had nothing and everything to do with hunting. To let everything he is be swallowed by the mask he becomes while feeding his addiction.
"You dumb bastard," he whispers. "You dumb bastard, at least let me spare you this..." He fights to not turn the doorknob, to not feed the monkey on his back.

 "Dean, there is no way in which you can hurt me that I have not been already. I am willing to risk it for you. How do