mute. Saying something, in what seemed to be a foreign language, to Crowley as she stormed off, leaving them with an evil laugh in the bunker that she somehow managed to put into lock down.

“Did she just cast a spell on us and leave with an 'evil witch’-laughter?” Sam was looking from the closed door to the men left with him in the bunker, eyebrows raised.

“Yeah…I think she did” it had all happened so fast and Dean tried to make sense of it all. “what exactly did happen?” he turned towards the others.

“My mother, cast a silencing spell on our dear angel here, and then she said something along the lines of 'kiss, kiss, bye,bye’ to me, before locking

us in this wonderful little rat hole in the ground” Crowley answered, matter-of-factually

Dean, Sam and Castiel all looked at the demon.

“Well how do we undo it?”

“I don’t know, my dear Moose, but knowing my mother, it’s not gonna be that easy.”

 

So here they were, hours later, with no idea as how to solve this problem.

Sam browsed through yet another book about spells and how to lift them, when a phone beeped.

“Oh” Crowley smirked at the words on the screen.“Mother wants to know if we have lifted the spell yet, if we have figured out what to do with the clue, she seems rather amused by this.” he put the phone on the table in front of him.

Dean’s eyebrows were drawn together “What clue? She didn’t leave us any clue…did she?”

“Crowley…” Sam closed the book he was reading and slowly turned to the demon, with the look of someone that’s ‘on to something’. “What exactly did she say to you before she left?”

Leaning back in his chair, clasping his hands behind his head, Crowley thought for a second

“I believe the exact words was 'with a kiss, kiss, it goes bye, bye'” he chuckled while Sam stared from him to his brother and the angel at the end of the table.

“What? Why is that funny” you could hear the frustration in Dean’s voice.

“Oh, Squirrel, are you that daft? Do you actually not understand what needs to be done to lift the spell?” Crowley was laughing to the point of tears.

“No, I don’t. And stop laughing!”

“I think Moose here has figured it out” Sam swallowed and nodded looking almost embarrassed.

Dean knocked out his hands, raising his eyebrows at his brother.

“Someone” he cleared his throat “someone needs to give Cas a kiss…” he let the words sink in.

Cas squinted as he looked round the table.

Dean’s mouth fell open “Well I gotta give her that, she has a hell of a sense of humor” he sat up straight in his chair.

“So, which one of you two dashing bachelor’s, gonna do it?” Crowley grinned “I mean, I would definitely volunteer but…I don’t think it will work, with a demon kissing an angel. So…it’s between you boys” he was enjoying himself way too much.

“And you’re both absolutely sure?”

Sam nodded lips pressed tightly together.

Except for the demon’s muffled chuckles there was total silence.

The brothers stared at each other as to convince the other one that he had to do the task at hand.

“Oh, for fuck sake! I’ll do it then!” Castiel’s eyes widened when Dean got up and placed a quick kiss on his lips.

“So, there you go.” Dean said, hint of accomplishment in his voice. “Cas, say something.”

Castiel tried to speak, but as before, not a sound.

“But why didn’t it work? I don’t understand” Dean turned to Crowley.

“Oh for the love of everything, Squirrel! You call that a kiss? Bloody hell” Crowley stroked a hand over his cheek and slowly shook his head. “You need to think more…Disney, more 'true love’s first kiss'”

A hint of red appeared on Dean’s cheeks when he turned back to face the angel. Suddenly this wasn’t such an easy task, he felt nervous. He swallowed as he moved closer to Castiel.

Castiel tilted his head slightly, squinting.

They were standing close now, Dean could feel the warmth emanating between their bodies, his eyes trailed down to the angels lips, he cleared his throat slightly, he could feel his heart beating faster, being this close to Castiel, not knowing exactly what he was doing, their lips about to meet…

“Sha-la-la-la-la-la, Don’t be scared, You got the mood prepared, Go on and kiss the girl” Crowley’s hoarse voice echoed through the room and broke the tension, they all stared at the