best friend looked down on his lap and Junmyeon avoided his gaze. He caught Kyungsoo and Junmyeon’s exchange of looks and frowned. Kyungsoo too?“Is someone going to tell me anything?” He pushed, feeling left out.Was it a joke? Everyone seemed to know what was happening but him. He had let it slip for a while now but it was becoming to be upsetting. He hated not knowing, it made him feel uncomfortable and paranoid. Furthermore it concerned his best friend.The silence was dragging as no one was willing to answer him. Tightening his jaw, he get up, his chair scratching the floor, and left.Jongin was the one who came to propose him to watch a movie a few hours later, and Chanyeol accepted easily. It would take his mind off everything for an hour or two. They silently watched some dance movie Jongin wanted to see and Chanyeol was thankful that the younger didn’t ask him anything. Jongin didn’t breach the subject at all, only letting his head fall on his hyung’s shoulder in a comforting gesture.It made Chanyeol smile. He wasn’t Jongin’s number one fan for nothing. The dancer was a good dongsaeng and a very good friend. He would always be his favorite, maybe because they knew each other since what felt like forever.Baekhyun came in and stared at them, an unreadable expression on his face. Jongin immediately detached himself from Chanyeol and it made him confused. His two friends looked at each other before Baekhyun ended leaving without saying anything.Weird.Jongin never put his head back on his shoulder, Chanyeol realized well after.Chanyeol was drawing the situation he was in on a paper to try to understand. But even after watching their three names written in different colors and arrows and potential responses he still didn’t understand what was the link between Baekhyun, him and Junmyeon.Jongdae appeared suddenly behind him and snorted unattractively at his excuse of a drawing. Chanyeol put his hand on it and glared at his friend. “Why are you here? Don’t you have anything else to do? Like…your job or something?”“I don’t have any schedule.” Jongdae replied with a smirk. “You think drawing this would help you understand?”“You don’t think I can.” He stated, feeling suddenly self-conscious.“No. You can’t. You’re hopeless.” His friend countered back. “You’re a shitty best friend and oblivious as fuck. Wow. Park Chanyeol, I had hope for you…You’re deceiving me.”The rapper swatted at him and missed. Jongdae laughed at him. “Go away. And here I thought you were a friend and you would help me…” Chanyeol trailed off, faking a sob.The M vocalist slapped his shoulder. “Dumbass.” Chanyeol stuck his tongue at him and Jongdae arched his eyebrow, hitting him on the head before his expression turned serious. “Seriously though, you really don’t get it?”Groaning, Chanyeol let his head fall on the table, desperate. “Nooooooooo.”Jongdae patted his head gently this time but didn’t give him an answer. He really had useless friends.Baekhyun appeared to be a bit distant after Chanyeol’s outburst in the kitchen and glued himself to Jongdae or Kyungsoo. It annoyed Chanyeol but he couldn’t do anything about it. Baekhyun wasn’t his property, he was free to hang out with whoever he wanted and Chanyeol had no say in this matter.Short people stayed with short people, he reasoned childishly as an explanation to his best friend’s sudden disappearance at his side.He stayed close to Junmyeon to get back at Baekhyun but the latter didn’t seem to mind, never looking in his direction. Chanyeol pouted and back hugged Sehun to hide, embarrassed. The maknae threw him a judging look but let him do as he wished.Junmyeon came to his room the night after and sat on his bed quietly. He looked nervous for some reason and Chanyeol directed his attention at him, curious. The leader cleared his throat as Chanyeol offered him a candy, accepting it without protest despite the no-sugary-stuff-after-six-pm rule. He must have been really distracted.“What is it hyung?” He asked, breaking the silence.The leader breathed in. “Chanyeol, what is Baekhyun to you?”“My best friend.” The rapper replied immediately.Junmyeon nodded slowly, unsure. “Really?” He mused.Chanyeol appeared confused at his comment but didn’t reply. Kim Junmyeon was becoming weirder and weirder each day. Was it because of all the vitamins he took? Was it toxic? Maybe he should check on the internet. Just to be sure.“So there’s nothing between you?” He went on.“Between us? What do you mean? We’re not fighting if that’s what’s bothering you. Baekhyun was distant today but I think it’s nothing serious-”“No, I mean…You’re just friends right?” The leader cut him.Chanyeol’s