up for this tonight, not really thinking too hard about why, and was determined to be ready for when Sherlock returned.   It was made easier by the fact that he’d recently stopped wearing underwear to crime scenes.  They only got ripped off him on those nights when they got home after one of those difficult cases which had taken all of Sherlock’s ingenuity.  

Those were the nights when Sherlock dragged him into the bedroom, unceremoniously turned him over and jumped him in celebration, asserting his right to do so.  He really couldn’t afford to keep replacing underwear like that, even the inexpensive ones he favoured.   After all, Sherlock did solve rather a lot of cases.

He just hoped he’d never need to go to hospital after one of their cases.  It would be really embarrassing trying to explain his lack of underwear to the hospital staff.

When Sherlock returned to the bedroom, he frowned at what he saw.  John was lying naked on his stomach on the bed, waiting for him with his head laid on his folded arms, no doubt anticipating the hands on him, the weight on him, the sheer contentment of feeling the warm, familiar bulk that would soon be filling him.

John really could be incredibly boring and obvious sometimes, Sherlock thought, though to be fair John was all but programmed for it now, it was what they always did these days, since he’d found out the truth about John.  “What’s this?” he asked.

John looked back at him with a beautiful smile, his expression one of pure anticipation mixed with the admission of surrender that Sherlock craved from him.  Sherlock watched him, fascinated, as a shiver went through him, rippling the skin of his back.   It was rather attractive, Sherlock thought.  He’d never seen that particular effect before.

“What does it look like?” John asked, wriggling slightly.

“It looks like your bottom, John.”

“Amazing deduction.  Brilliant, Sherlock, I’m so impressed.”

Sherlock found that, after all, it was easy to tell when John was being sarcastic.  “It was easily recognisable,” he said.  “I am quite familiar with it,” Sherlock pointed out.  “I even picked broken glass out of it on one occasion with a pair of tweezers.”

“Yes, I remember,” John grimaced at the memory.  “So come and get reacquainted,” he invited and bent his left knee to move his leg seductively to one side, bunching Sherlock’s Irish linen sheet under him.

What was this, this submission that still, in some way, hid a trace of command?

The searching expression on Sherlock’s face spoke of new things, of a different kind of excitement, had John noticed them.  “Get up, John,” he said in a tone which clearly wasn’t an invitation, it was a requirement.

“What?”

“I want you to get up off that bed, call upon an aspect of your nature that currently lies dormant somewhere within and, to put it crudely, shag me through the mattress.”

“Oh.”

“You’ve thought about it.”

Yes, he had.  Now and then, when Sherlock was being more brilliant than usual and the devotion just lodged in his chest, causing the adrenaline to course through his veins and the beating of his heart got so loud he thought everyone must hear it.

“Now’s the time, John.  Do you want it?”

Did he want it?  He didn’t know.  It had never happened this way before. It may never happen again.

“Take your shirt off,” John said, trying the sound of the instruction in his mouth, trying not to sound as if he was pleading rather than telling.  He rolled over and off the bed, and Sherlock could tell by the state of him that he’d had something else entirely in mind for tonight.  What John always wanted, perhaps, something involving self-denial and a yearning to be subjugated.  Perhaps another time.  Tonight Sherlock was unexpectedly giving him a gift.  Maybe even one he’d dreamed of when lying in his usual position, on his belly with his legs open, panting silently, obeying the instruction not to come until ordered to.

John stood next to him, watching hungrily as the shirt came off.  Sherlock was going to lay it neatly on his chair, but John snatched it out of his hands and threw it on the floor.

Sherlock didn’t say anything but his eyes grew large and his eyebrows climbed.

“Dolce and Gabbana?” John asked.

“Yes.”

“Very expensive, I bet.”

Sherlock nodded.

“Too bad,” John shrugged.  “And the rest, please.  If you would.”

How easily he fitted this particular role, Sherlock thought.

He was the one to feel the shiver now, seated in his belly, shaking him when he wanted to remain steady.  John was doing it again, surprising him.  It was the very reason why Sherlock wanted to do this thing tonight, this thing they didn’t do.  For the surprise, for the thrill.