probably really red as he thought about his options. He 
could 
just let the handsomest man walk right out the door and never see him again, or he could write his number and name on the cup like Lance always suggested, and possibly get a boyfriend out of it. Or maybe just a date. 
What if he wasn’t gay? 
No, he’s in a cat cafe, there’s gotta be at least 
some 
gay in there. 


 


After the tea was brewed and the lid was on the cup, Keith bit his lip, glancing out at the store and at his newest crush. He was seated on the couch, one of their biggest cats in his lap. The cat was named Black, though he wasn’t actually coloured that way; he was a nearly purebred Maine Coon, so you can bet your ass he was huge. He was rested on Shiro’s thighs, large fluffy tail thudding softly on the couch as the man pet under his chin. Keith nodded to himself, finding some sort of confidence and writing his number carefully on the cup; he wanted it to be legible after all. After re-reading the black numbers at least five times over, he took a breath and stepped out from behind the counter, and over the child fence used to keep most of the cats in. 


 


Keith carefully walked over, dodging the cats on the floor either sleeping or idly playing with some toys. When he finally arrived, he politely gave Shiro his drink, giving Black a little pet. “You should feel pretty special,” Keith says off handedly. “This monster barely likes anyone outside of the staff.” Black meows, purring as Keith scratched the top of his head. After a moment, he told Shiro to enjoy his tea before stepping back to the counter, face flushed as he watched the other drink his tea. He saw the exact moment that Shiro saw the neatly written numbers on his cup, quickly looking away when the other looked his way. 


 


Please be gay please be gay please be gay. 


 


His phone buzzed with a text, and despite Allura telling him he couldn’t in the employee handbook, he whipped out his phone and opened it up, smiling a little bit at the text. It read: 
It’s Shiro. I can’t believe I didn’t have to ask for your number :D. 
Bless his heart he uses emojis. 
Keith looked up and met Shiro’s eye, seeing the playful glint there. Keith looks back down at his phone, typing up a quick reply. 


 


Me: You were planning on it?


 


Shiro: Of course. Why wouldn’t I?


 


Me: Why don’t you get up and come talk to me instead of giving me weird looks across the room?


 


Shiro: The cat fell asleep :(


 


Keith looked over at Shiro, smirking a little bit as he realized that yes, Black had indeed fallen asleep on him. Shiro looked up at him and gave him an apologetic smile, sipping his tea after a moment. A moment of hesitation passed, then Keith called out to Lance (who was talking to the punk kid about adopting cats), telling him he was going on break. He stepped out from behind the counter, making his way over to Shiro. He picked up Red (an orange kitten) on his way, because honestly he really loved this cat, and he somehow knew that this cat loved him too. Keith took his seat besides Shiro, not too close, and let Red fuck up his fingers a bit with her sharp as hell claws. 


 


“So…” Keith started, looking over at Shiro. “How do we start this?”


 


---


 


It’s been a little over a year since Keith wrote his number on a tea filled paper cup. And it’s been a little over a year since he started dating Shiro. He’s learned a lot about the other over the years. Things like how Shiro was in a serious car crash, and lost his arm there. How some nights he was too anxious to sleep because of it. Things like how he doesn’t like his body because of the scars that littered his skin (Keith kisses every single one of them, thank you very much). Things like how his prosthetic arm worked, and when his stump of a right arm hurt when it was cold outside (Keith massages it when this happens). He learned about all of the super cute things about Shiro, too. Like how Shiro is totally shit at cooking (“How did you make it this far in life without knowing how to make a goddamn egg?”), and how Shiro needs his coffee in the morning if Keith wants to hold some sort of conversation with him after they’d woken up. Keith learned that Shiro loved to hug him from behind, burying his face in the crook of his neck while Keith cooked or was doing something rather mundane. 


 


In summary: Keith learned a lot about Shiro over the time they’ve been dating, and accepted it all with open arms. He’s fallen in love with this big ol’ sweetheart, and he’