good few minutes before Remus remembers to pass over the bowl of popcorn.

‘Are you a spawn of the devil?’ Sirius asks incredulously, with genuine hurt in his tone of voice.

‘I – what?’ They’ve known each other for barely half an hour and already Remus finds himself racing to desperately catch up with this man’s thought process.

‘Who the fuck eats caramel popcorn instead of salt or butter?’

‘Who the fuck eats anything that isn’t sweet?’

‘I’m disappointed in you, Remus. You seem like the clever, reasonable sort. Why on earth would you allow yourself to commit such a fallacy?’

‘Are you sure you’re not being delusional? Because really, considering you didn’t even know which dorm room was yours, your judgement really isn’t much to go by.’

They grin at each other across the bowl of popcorn before settling into silence once again and continuing to watch the film, Sirius putting on a scowl as he grudgingly continues eating the popcorn. Remus is struck by how comfortable the silence is, how his usual anxiousness that comes when he’s around new people seems to have disappeared, how for once in his life he’s actually glad to not be spending Saturday night alone.

They steal glances of one another as the film goes on, hurriedly looking away whenever their eyes meet. Remus can’t help but silently smile to himself when they do, dreading the end of the movie which will probably queue Sirius’ departure.

Remus looks over at Sirius when the film ends just in time to see him hastily wipe his face on his sleeve.

‘Sirius – oh my god are you crying?’

‘What? No don’t be ridiculous I just – ‘

‘Oh my god.’

‘No, look I just got some of your terrible popcorn in my eye and – ‘

‘Oh my god.’

‘Stop saying that!’

‘Oh my god.’

‘It’s a touching film okay!’

‘I can’t believe I just spent Saturday night with someone who teared up over Pitch Perfect.’

‘Now you’re just being insensitive towards my emotions.’

Remus notices that they’ve somehow ended up sitting very close together, with their knees touching and a single blanket draped over both their legs.

‘So,’ Sirius begins, ‘what’re you studying?’

‘Quantum Physics. And you?’

‘Philosophy.’

‘Damn, we’re not going to get dragged into the whole arts vs science debate now, are we?’, Remus asks.

Sirius lets out a short laugh. ‘You tell me. Why quantum physics, science boy? What is it about the moon and the stars that intrigue you so?’

‘Science is…science saves lives. Quite literally, I think. And if you understand quantum physics, you understand life and creation itself.’

‘This all seems very personal to you,’ Sirius says.

‘It is. I – uh – I almost died of cancer a few years ago. Science has literally saved my life. Ever since then, I’ve always known that science would be the path for me, so when Nottingham offered me the scholarship – ‘ Remus suddenly stops short then, instantly regretting mentioning his scholarship to this clearly rich, spoiled student in front of him. He decides to change the subject. ‘Why philosophy, then?’

‘Science is too, what’s the word, simple? Oh come on, don’t look at me like that. I mean, science simplifies things. When you think about it, our fields are essentially the same, both of us trying to understand the world. But science does it strategically, logically. Philosophy is much more reckless. It just goes wild with everything, complicating things unnecessarily, probably coming up with answers to questions that don’t even exist. I love the thrill of it.’

Remus can’t help but get taken by Sirius’ tone of voice, by the way he’s so skilled at commanding words and letting his thoughts come out exactly the way he wants them to, by the way so much passion fills his eyes as he talks about the subject he loves.

 ‘No tragic backstory dictating your future career, then?’, Remus asks.

Sirius lets out another laugh, a sound that seems to suffocate the air around him. ‘Well, I – my brother sort of passed away the summer before I joined university. And I guess I wanted to understand? Wanted to understand life, just like you. Everything seemed too simple. I’m guessing you can tell that I’m not the sort to think too much about things - I sort of just jump headfirst into everything I do – but I wanted university to be different. I wanted things to be more complicated than just life and death, you know? That’s why philosophy.’

‘It seems like a great way of creating hope,’ Remus says quietly, and Sirius nods.

It’s almost inconceivable to Remus that this man, who seems so at ease with everything and everyone around him, would have so much trouble with finding reasons