couldn't quite read. "Your things are all over my room, John. She packed clothes for you when she got mine."

"My stuff isn't all over. I have one drawer."

"And a Sudoku book on the side table, ammo cans, gun cleaning supplies. That's all before you even hit the bathroom."

"I get it. I'll get my crap out of your quarters."

"Hey," she said softly. "I like your things in my room. I like you in my room. That's not what this is. I just…. didn't expect to get outed this soon." Her eyes narrowed when he didn't respond right away. "She already knew, didn't she?"

"They already knew." John let out a heavy breath. "My team. I didn't say anything, they figured it out. Is that a problem?"

"At first, I thought maybe it would be."

"And now?"

It took her a moment to respond. "You're the one who froze the first time I ever hugged you in public."

"So…what? You thought I'd bolt?"

She gave a tiny shrug. "I think we both have baggage that makes us a little wary." She shifted sideways and tilted her head until their eyes locked. "But this is different, isn't it?"

The look in her eyes kindled warmth within him. Everything with Elizabeth was different, including the way she didn't force him to verbalize it. She didn't have to. She seemed to absorb everything she needed when she looked into his eyes.

"Do you still have those goggles Rodney gave you?"

"Yes," she answered slowly, her gaze turning questioning at his change of subject. "Why?"

"Let's grab them. There's something I want to show you."

Fifteen minutes later, they reached the top of a granite staircase. It led outside to a natural rotunda with clusters of rock around the edge, a natural safety wall to protect those who ventured out for the view. It was only seven at night and the sun had not yet set.

The bench they settled onto was icy cold as was the mountain wind. He pulled the blanket's they'd borrowed over them, drawing Elizabeth close to his side.

She laughed when he pulled out the welding glasses. "What's going on?"

"Remember Rodney mentioning this planet had two moons?"

"It's a another eclipse?" Her eyes stretched and a delighted grin claimed her face. "How is that even possible? I thought that-"

"Don't go all McKay on me and ruin the fun. Just enjoy it. It's pretty cool, right?" He said, as they both pulled on their eyewear and turned their heads to the sky. "It won't be long to totality."

"It's more than cool, can you imagine how rare this must be in the galaxy? In most galaxies? Rodney is going to have a fit when he finds out he missed it."

John almost snorted at that. "He'll be more upset he didn't consider the possibility himself."

Conversation ebbed as they became engrossed in scene unfolding before them. This was the smaller of the planet's two moons, but as it covered the sun, the sky dimmed much as it had earlier that day. It was closer to nightfall and the sun had descended enough for the bottom section to start slipping behind the treetops.

He pushed his welding mask atop his head. Their breath cascaded into the night as puffy white trails, not unlike the filaments he spotted floating out from behind the moon as it finally covered the sun.

He eased Elizabeth's goggles off and she shifted closer, resting her head against his shoulder as she gazed up. "It still can't believe how amazing this is to see it with your own eyes. Pictures could never do justice to this kind of experience."

This time, the corona's light carried more of a watery green shade within the soft white reminding him somewhat of the Northern Lights as the colors rippled and mixed with the deep blue of the evening sky. The light ribboned out from behind the moon, appearing like opaque arms reaching down and embracing the forest below.

"How did you find out about this," she breathed

"Declan. A lot of the village is outside on other ledges now viewing it though these little boxes that are kind of like the pinhole viewers we made in elementary school."

They watched silently as the moon crossed over and the sun started growing larger again. Elizabeth didn't put back on her googles. Instead, her eyes settled on John with that same glazed look she had when watching the animals flee earlier that day.

"You ready to tell me about Turkey?" He took her hand when her body went rigid. "You don't have to. You don't make me talk about things when I don't want to, so it's fine