Is he okay?”

Jeannie peers around the corner. Mer has finished his sandwich and is sitting sprawled on the sofa, rubbing the bridge of his nose. He must have one hell of a headache, but it looks like he’s out of danger. “He just had an episode but I’ve fed him and he’s all right now, I think. What about John?”

“He’s gone. I went by the house earlier but it was empty, and I’ve called all his friends, no one knows where he is. I just hope he hasn’t done something stupid, Rodney would never forgive himself.” Laura sighs and Jeannie can hear exactly how very worried she is. When this is over, she’s going to strangle Mer.     

“I’ll try to get the story out of him,” Jeannie says. “Please call me if you find John.”

One day soon, she’s going to call Laura and have a long nice chat about something, anything other than Mer. Once the current crisis is dealt with.

The front door opens and Jeannie hurriedly says goodbye to Laura and hangs up. She’d almost forgotten about Caleb and the ice cream. She goes out into the hall to meet him and finds him standing there, looking at Mer’s bag with a confused expression. He looks up at her, questioning. “Honey?”

“Emergency,” Jeannie explains. “Apparently my idiot brother left John. I’m still trying to make sense of it.”

“Are you kidding me?” Caleb hangs his jacket up. “Because if you are, it’s not funny.”

“No joke, I’m afraid.” She steps up close to him to wrap her arms around his waist and place a kiss on his cheek. “I’m so sorry about this. I know he didn’t mean to ruin our movie night, but...”

“It’s okay.” Caleb kisses her back. “I’ll go put the ice cream away.”

He disappears into the kitchen and Jeannie goes back to the living room to check on Mer. He’s still sitting on the sofa, leaning forward with his elbows resting on his knees, turning something over and over in his hands. When Jeannie gets closer, she can see that it’s his keychain, the one John got him for Christmas. It’s a small metal plate with a chart of the solar system, an arrow with the words ‘you are here’ pointing to the tiny picture of Earth.

“Feeling better?” Jeannie asks. There’s more colour in his cheeks and he doesn’t look like he’s going to fall over anymore, so that’s probably a good sign.

Mer looks up from his hands. “I’m going to have to go back for Newton,” he says, a tone of endless hopelessness in his voice. “What if he doesn’t want to come with me? I’ve always suspected he likes John better than me. And what are we going to do with the house? I know I was the one who talked him into buying it, and he can’t afford the mortgage on his own, but he rebuilt it, and he can’t keep the mutt in an apartment, she’d tear the whole place down, and...”

Something twists in Jeannie’s stomach. When Mer first showed up, she’d thought he was overreacting, or that it was all a ridiculous misunderstanding, but now it sounds like he’s beginning to make plans for a very real break up. She doesn’t like the thought of that. Despite everything, all she wants for her brother is for him to be happy, and she’s never seen him happier than he’s been since he met John Sheppard.

She sits down beside him on the sofa and reaches for his hands, holding them in hers. The key chain falls to the floor. “Mer, take it from the beginning and tell me what happened. What is it you’ve been fighting about?”

Just as Mer is about to open his mouth, the doorbell rings again and Jeannie looks up. What is this, Pacific Central Station?

“I’ll get it, honey!” Caleb shouts from the kitchen. Jeannie closes her eyes and sighs. What is it now? One of the neighbours? Did something happen to Maddie? Please, don’t let anything have happened to Maddie.

There’s a gust of cold air when Caleb opens the door. Jeannie can hear low voices coming from the hall, and then the door closes again. She feels Mer tense up beside her, listening hard to hear what’s being said out there. A minute later, Caleb comes into the living room with their new guest in tow.

John is wearing a too-thin jacket and he’s limping a little more heavily than usual. He looks as bad as Mer, if not worse. Jeannie has seen John Sheppard sulking, she’s seen him in pain, she