



"Zhu Li? Zhu Li, where are you?"
Varrick's assistant immediately poked her head through the door of his study.
"Yes, Sir?"
"I can't concentrate anymore! It's tea time! Make us some of that green tea I love!"
"Yes, Sir."
Just as quick, her head disappeared and she was gone. Varrick shook his head. He had been working for hours straight, which he almost never did. Usually, either Zhu Li or his development team were charged of writing down and furthering his ideas. Today, though, he had decided to get a real feel of what it was like to work as an engineer and he did not like it one bit. He'd much rather just have the ideas himself and let others deal with them. He rubbed his temple, staring at the construction plans in front of him. It was too much, far too much work.



 

 

 

 

 

"Varrick, I…" she began.

She put a hand against his heart and he took it between his own with as much gentleness as he could. Her eyes widened, filled with an emotion he had never seen. Her lips parted slightly. What a beautiful shade of pink they were. She was giving him a look of hope mixed with some shame and he squeezed her hand, trying to soothe her. She winced and jerked her hand away. 

"Zhu Li?"

"It's sore. I spilled hot tea on it."

"… Is that what got you so upset?"

"Of course not!" she said, as if the very idea that a burn on her hand could get her to cry. 

He stood up and offered to take her good hand to help her up.

"Now, where do you keep the bandages?"

"The medicine cabinet is here, Sir," she said and opened a small cupboard he had not even seen.

She took out a box of medical aid and delved into it, pulling out a big blue tube.

"Let me," he said before she began applying it.

She opened her mouth and closed it, nodding. Gently, he took her hand and looked at it. It really wasn't that bad. It was just red, with not even a single blister. No wonder she had not hurt until he squeezed the hand. It was probably just sensitive. He opened the tube, let out some cream on her palm and began rubbing it in as softly as he could, so as to not hurt her. 

"Does this help?" he whispered.

"Mmh," she nodded.

"Your hand is soft."

"Thank you, Sir."

He did not let go of her hand after the balm was rubbed in, not straight away. He felt that there was still more to say, but at the same time, that nothing would ever be enough to be uttered.

"You know you can trust me, Zhu Li."

She did not reply and turned her head to the side.

"With anything. Anything at all."

He waited for her to tell him about her breakdown, tell him what might make her so upset, but her mask of serious assistant had reappeared on her face and there was nothing he would get out of her. 

"I thank you for your kindness, Sir," she said and turned back to the sink where she poured water in the kettle to make some tea. 

 

Just as simply as that, the moment was gone. He watched as she put the kettle on the stove, the tea leaves into the kettle, the tea into the cups. 

"Your tea, Sir."

"Thank you, Zhu Li."

He accepted the cup and went back to his study. Working on his construction plans would be harder than ever.