feel warm and familiar. Like maybe he's heard the melody before. This time the song comes to a smooth ending and Baekhyun doesn't know why but his eyes are prickling with tears.

"Baby it's late, why aren't you in bed? It's 3am," Baekhyun whispers after they've been quiet for a while. He's looking up at Yixing through his lashes and Yixing smiles at him and pulls him in closer.

"You were sleeping, and the moon was shining on your face and it gave me inspiration," Yixing shrugs lightly like its the simplest thing and Baekhyun can't stop himself from blushing at his words.

"Then why is it sad?"

"Ah, no not sad," Yixing sweeps the hair from in front of Baekhyun's eyes, his dimple showing. "Reminiscent."

Baekhyun nods slowly at his words, waiting for Yixing to continue.

"You looked so young again. It reminded me of the first time I slept in a bed with you."

Baekhyun buries his face in the quilt that's wrapped around him, his ears hot.

"Mm, remember? There was a storm and I was the last one awake. You were so new you were scared to ask. That was one of the few times you were ever quiet back then," Yixing smiles at the memory and Baekhyun listens to him recall it all. "I told you, 'Hey if you'd like I'll sleep with you.' and your face turned so red I thought you were red pepper paste and not a boy. 'No, no. Not like that. I mean I'll keep you company so you're not scared,' I said and you nodded, your droopy eyes almost as big as Kyungsoo's."

"I didn't sleep that night, you hogged the whole bed, not that trainee beds were big anyway. But when the clouds cleared in the sky the moon shined through your dorm room window and it made it look like you were glowing."

Baekhyun felt his heart flutter at his words, that they could still think the same things about each other and not know it, how they could still be that close after all these years.

"I knew I loved you that night. I thought to myself, 'Zhang Yixing, don't let this boy go. He's meant to be in your life, it's fate.' And so I didn't. But how the moon was lighting up your face tonight reminded me of that night. We were both so young and scared and away from home, away from somewhere familiar. But you made it okay, you made being away from home okay."

"You made it okay for me too," Baekhyun mumbles into Yixing's shoulder, a stupid grin plastered over his face.

"I got a melody stuck in my head that night. One I could never get onto paper, I could never finish it and I felt like I'd go crazy if I never got it done. But piece by piece I finished that song. Every memory I have with you is written in that song. From that very first night to the night Yifan ge left and you were so mad you broke your phone and you wouldn't listen to anyone but me, to the night we all decided that EXO should come to an end and you were gripping my hand so tight when you said that you never wanted to lose your best friends, and they told you that you wouldn't, to the day I proposed to you, to the day of our wedding when everything was going wrong and the only thing right was you standing by my side the entire time, to the last night of our honeymoon when you told me that you wouldn't change anything in your life because in this life you ended up with me and that was perfect enough for you, to tonight when every single memory I've had of you came flooding back into my mind and I've never felt more in love with a person than I do with you."

Baekhyun sniffles and wipes the back of his hand across his cheeks as Yixing talks to him, telling him the story of his song, of his song.

"Our story isn't done, and the song will never be done, but right now, all those memories I've had with you, with our friends, are in that song. And I am the luckiest man on earth to have a muse as great as you."

Baekhyun laughs through his tears and grabs Yixing's face, pulling him into a kiss. He will never be as good at words as Yixing is, he will never be able to do something like this for Yixing, but Baekhyun pours every ounce of his soul into that kiss, every hidden memory he has of his husband that brings him back up on his down days, that no one else knows about. Baekhyun threads his fingers into Yixing's sleep mussed hair and whimpers against his lips, wanting to give him more wanting to give Yixing everything he has.

"Please