telling Zayn how he truly felt, the words “I love you” never leaving his mouth. An absolute fucking idiot.
 
And maybe that’s why he’s felt numb for so long, because he knew this would have to end sometime soon. He didn’t want to admit it, didn’t want to fall too hard, didn’t want to feel too much.
 
But now it fills him up, bubbling up throughout him, ready to release it all, ready to sob until he’s sore.
 
He vaguely wonders if Zayn will feel the same, whether he’ll wake up one morning and realise his chance to make Louis stay has gone. Wonders whether that’s why they became distant—because in the back of their minds, they both knew that one day whatever they had would eventually be discontinued.
 
Louis remembers how silent and stiff Zayn went whenever college was mentioned. He didn’t say a word on it, didn’t even ask Louis to stay or to study somewhere closer. And it’s not like Zayn didn’t want Louis, he knew that, but it was because Zayn didn’t want to stop Louis from doing what he wanted, must have seen the excitement in Louis’ eyes, the determination. And it hits Louis like a knife to the chest.
 
He feels his throat become tighter, his eyes become wetter. It only gets worse when he realises that they never even took photos together, no videos or visual memories for Louis to go back to. Only the moments in his mind… and that’s scary to him, knowing that inevitably, those memories will be replaced, lost.
 
But the other half of him knows that it’s for the better, really.
 
So Louis drops the cigarette like he drops his gaze and lets it fall between his seat and the door, ready to be forgotten.
 



And when the engine starts and the taxi begins to move, his body betrays him. He suddenly lets out a small, wrecked sob as he looks at his neighbour’s house instead of his own, and he watches as the boy he once knew disappear like the stranger he once was.


 

 

 

 

 

The atmosphere is a mix between excitement, sadness and relief. The students all congratulate each other and the parents have tears in their eyes filled with joy. The teachers are either patting the backs of their pupils with grins or not mingling at all, rather standing in the sidelines checking their watches to see when this will all be over.

Zayn can relate more so to those jaded teachers than anyone else. He’s been standing against the brick wall of the closest building waiting for Niall to finish his rounds for longer than he thought would be necessary.

His graduation hat has already been thrown somewhere; belonging in amongst all the other discarded hats, symbolising freedom. He supposes he should feel a little bit happy—proud of himself, almost—but he mostly sees it as another day, as though he’s seen this once before, when he was made to sit there at assembly, watching the class before graduate, watching his neighbour with the blue eyes catch his gaze and look away like they’d never met.

It leaves a salty taste in his mouth.

“Zayn, mate, you ready?” Niall asks, almost shouting as he breaks his way through the crowd, “I swear, if someone else asks me what I’m doin’ now that I’m not in school I’m gonna fuckin’ vomit all over their shit-stupid shoes.”

Zayn lets out a small chuckle and shakes his head, “Yeah, mate, let’s go.”

They cross the oval that leads into the other side of town, a place where they had found by accident when Jimmy Falhawk kicked the ball so hard that it flew over the fence and onto an unknown dirt trail. Niall and Zayn visited it again one lunchtime and walked the trail—leading them to an open field of grassy hills and a running stream. They’ve gone there after school every day ever since.

Niall collapses on one of the hills looking over the stream with a deep sigh. He puts his backpack behind his head and rests on it, closing his eyes. Zayn sits next to him and fishes out his pre-made joints from the plastic pocket in his bag. He lights one and takes in a long drag, the sounds of water flowing and birds chirping the only things he can hear.

“I like this so much better than all that crowded nonsense.” Zayn mutters, passing to Niall’s waiting fingers.

“I know.” Niall says matter-of-factly. He opens his eyes to look at him, “Oh, guess what.”

Zayn’s brows furrow, “What?”

“Nah, you have to guess.”

Zayn rolls his eyes, “Niall—“

“I’m jokin’.” Niall snickers, passing the joint back to Zayn. “Um, Olivia wants to go on a double date.”

“Yeah?”

“Yeah, and, like. She was wonderin’ if you wanted to come? With her