, as he’s walking down the sidewalk toward Jensen’s (and his now too) off-campus apartment, he gets the sense that he’s being followed. Even Harley seems suspicious if the way he keeps looking behind them and growling is any indication.

Jensen isn’t yet back from his Anatomy exam and Charisma is out, but Chris is home. He’s playing guitar in the living room with Steve.

Jared makes small talk with them for a little while and then excuses himself to go and make himself some nachos. He retreats to Jensen’s bedroom with Harley and a large plate of cheese and salsa soaked corn chips. He hopes his boyfriend won’t get mad at him for eating on the bed. He calls his mom and begs off her suggestion that he and Jensen meet them at their hotel and go out for dinner. He tells her they’ve got too much studying to do, which is true. But more truthfully Jared just needs to spend some quality time with his soulmate. They’d both agreed to keep their blocks fully in place while they were doing their exams and it’s the right thing to do, but Jared misses Jensen when he can only sense his presence as a dull, background buzz rather than a bright, white hot dazzling presence in the forefront of his brain. When he hears the front door open and close and voices start up in the living room, Jared lowers his barriers and Jensen’s anger slams into him.

Jared is off the bed and out of the bedroom before he’s even finished processing all the emotions that Jensen is emitting.

“What’s wrong?” he demands, striding into the living room.

Jensen turns to face him, his green eyes burning. “Professor Brown wouldn’t accept Sadie’s paperwork. Said she didn’t qualify as a ‘service dog’ and she couldn’t come in. Sadie thought he was threatening me—which he kind of was, and she did the whole, you know, three heads, red eyes, and roaring thing. Scared the crap outta me. And Professor Brown. I had to get Professor Morgan to come and deal with him; explain that she’s my protection on account of ‘credible threats’ and she’s been approved by the College and City Hall,” Jensen shakes his head. “I always thought Brown was all right, you know? Now I find out he’s actually a bigot.”

Jared wraps his arms around his soulmate and holds him tight. Jensen has probably always been aware that the magi face prejudice; he just hasn’t had that prejudice impact him personally on a regular basis. It must be an eye-opening experience.







Jensen sighs and pulls back. “Yeah,” he says. “Knowing something intellectually and experiencing it yourself are two very different things.”

Jensen puts his stuff away and goes to brew a pot of coffee. Jared sits down at the table and watches him putter about. Jared frowns to himself. Yesterday, his dad had dismissed the threats that were being made as no more than the usual rantings of the lunatic fringe, but today Professor Morgan said that Jensen was allowed to have Sadie in the exam hall because of a credible threat. Which was it?

“Jensen,” he says. “I think we’re gonna have to brave the social media cesspool to see what’s being said about us.”

Jensen wrinkles his nose. “Yeah,” he says. “I think you’re right. Let’s do it tonight.”

Online is an ugly environment. Jared and Jensen go on Twitter, Facebook and Youtube. They go on reddit and magi blog sites and mundane blog sites and when they’re done they’re both silent and shaken.

“There’s an awful lot of hate out there,” Jensen says finally.

Jared nods. “It scares me sometimes,” he says. “Makes me wonder why the Lord and Lady are still bothering with us. Why not just throw us in the cosmic trash heap and start over?”

Jensen shrugs. “I guess they see something worth saving.”

Jared is feeling pretty dubious about that. “Even the mainstream media is saying some pretty ugly things.”

“That was Fox News,” Jensen says. “You can’t expect anything decent to come out of Fox News.”

“But still--”

Jensen interrupts him. “Let’s agree to go back to ignoring the media; mainstream and social. In my opinion, your dad’s right. The people making threats are just your loudmouthed keyboard warrior types. I don’t think either of us is at any genuine risk.”

Jared nods and decides not to tell Jensen that he thought someone had been following him today. He was probably just being paranoid.

“Oh,” Jensen says suddenly. “Professor Morgan gave me a couple of books on soulbonding. And he said that the Head Librarian is prepared to let us into the Restricted Section if Professor Morgan and one of the other librarians supervise us.”

Jared’s eyes light up. “Wow.”

“And,” Jensen