[SM] began texting athenasChampion [AC] at 16:29 [14/04/17] --

SM: sup beck
SM: dont tell any1 i told u this, but thx for lending me ur chem notes
SM: i fuckin aced that test
SM: w/ those notes, that exam didnt have shit on me
SM: anyway i was wondering if after break we could be study buddies or some shit
SM: like i gotta ton of friends and stuff i make time for
SM: but my grades succ ass
SM: txt me back when u get this

-- sincerelyMemes [SM] ceased texting athenasChampion [AC] at 16:31 [14/04/17] --

Alana cringed at Jared’s typing, and secretly regretted giving the boy her number.  However, she’d probably take him up on the study buddy offer.  Jared Kleinman was a student in need and it was Alana’s duty to help, despite his often frustrating idiosyncrasies.

Alana also checked another text from a couple of hours ago.

-- innocentWannabe [IW] began texting athenasChampion [AC] at 15:38 [14/04/17] --

IW: hi alana! (*u*)
IW: i was just checking in to make sure that we’re still on for tutoring over spring break ?_?
IW: i’m also going to need your address
IW: unless you want to do the tutoring at the library but i’d rather just do this in private you know? *looks around nervously*
IW: i don’t really want to risk heather or heather finding out that i need tutoring, they would tease me about it vmv
IW: talk to you later o/
IW: that was supposed to be me waving goodbye... but it just looks stupid =~=
IW: *waves goodbye for real this time*

-- innocentWannabe [IW] ceased texting athenasChampion [AC] at 15:42 [14/04/17] --

Ah Heather McNamara, another acquaintance of Alana’s.  She was actually pretty decent when she was separated from her clique and not pressured to act mean.  Alana made a mental to reply to her later, she knew that Heather needed to get her grades up if she wanted to remain as the captain of the cheerleaders.

Just as Alana slipped her phone into her pocket, the lights in the auditorium dimmed down, and the lights on the stage came to life, illuminating the band.  The audience’s murmurs descended into silence as the conductor introduced herself and the band.  Alana recognized a few of the nervous members, but the one that really caught her eye was Zoe Murphy.  Alana had done an English project with her brother Connor Murphy, with humorous and rewarding results, but had never really gotten to know the younger girl.  Whenever Alana had been talking to the band instructor, she usually caught Zoe staring at her as if she had something to say, but she’d never actually come up to Alana to introduce herself.  Alana didn’t think anything of it.

But, as the band launched into their first song, Alana slowly found herself becoming... enamoured with the beautiful guitarist.  It was by the time that Zoe got to her solo that Alana realized that she might actually have a crush.  Once the song was over, Alana had surpassed the initial haze of adoration, and only soul-smothering fear remained.

Alana had never had a crush before, ever.  She’d always been too busy with all of her various distractions to form any kind of romantic attachment.  She always figured that she was aroace and that was the end of that.  No girls.  No guys.  Just work.  How was she supposed to handle feelings like this for the first time??  In her mind, Alana knew it was completely nonsensical to be feeling this way.  Zoe had never even talked to her, she was a year below Alana, and probably way out of her league.

There was a little pause as the instructor introduced the next song, but then the band was back at it again, sounding even bolder than before now that they’d gotten over their opening jitters.  Alana spent the time admiring Zoe’s skills and trying to reason with herself.  Her mind and her heart were at odds, And Alana didn’t know what side to take.

Stop it Alana, you don’t even know her.

But you want to know her.

You’d like it if she knew you too.

Alana didn’t register when the last song of the night came on, but she did notice when Zoe had yet another sensational solo.  She knew what she had to do.  

The instructor gave closing remarks and thanked the audience for attending, and then the concert was finally over.  People in the audience began swarming the band members, eager to congratulate friends and family on a great performance.

Alana recognized another person in the audience actually, someone she’d neglected to spot before.  Evan Hansen, dressed in something other than his usual khakis and polo, started ambling in the direction of Zoe Murphy.  Alana could see the tension in his movements as he made his