Dean was emotional.

Cas wanted to tear his hair out.

"Sam, you need to get in that tub!"

"No! I don't want a bath!"

"Samuel Winchester! GET IN THE TUB RIGHT NOW!"

Sam puffed up and stomped his feet at Dean, "Make me!"

Dean huffed, "Oh I'll make you alright!"

Cas had walked by just then,"What's wrong?"

"Sam won't get in the stupid tub."

Sam hmphed.

Cas bent down, "Sam just get in the tub. Please?"

"Well if you're clean, then you can get yourself all messy again at Michael's!"

Sam thought that was a good plan.

Sam got in the tub and Dean sighed, sitting down to bathe Sam.

They were finally ready around 3 and they left, everyone and dogs in tow.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was about 4:30 when they arrived, everyone was already there.

Cas helped Dean out of the car, getting the dogs after.

Dean led Sam's hand with one, holding Cas's with the other. Cas holding the dogs with the other.

Cas led them around to where he could hear talking and music, coming from the backyard.

Cas opened the gate, the gate making a loud noise, causing everyone to turn to look.

Gabriel's face lit up, he came walking over to them, "Cassie, Dean, Sammy! It's nice to see you all again."

Michael came over next, Anna trailing behind.

"Hey Castiel."

Cas turned from Gabriel to look at his two other siblings, "hello Michael, Anna. It's really nice to see you guys again."

Michael walked up and brought Cas into a hug, "Glad you could come."

Cas nodded, he turned to Anna, to which had already intoduced herself to Dean. They were getting along good.

Cas wrapped an arm around Dean's waist, "This is my mate. Dean this is Michael and Anna already introduced herself."

Dean smiled, "Hey." Dean scented the air, one Beta, one Alpha.

Michael nodded, "It's nice to meet you." His eyes scanned Dean, noticing he was pregnant.

"Congratulations on the pup." Michael smiled.

"Thank you. We're excited," Cas smiled widely at Dean, who smiled back.

Michael smiled and looked to Sam, he bent down, "Well hello and who might you be?"

Sam giggled, swinging his and Dean's hand, "I'm Sam. "

"Well hello Sam. What's your doggies names?"

"Harley and Lacey, Harley is the german, she's mine, and Lacey is the golden, she's De's."

Michael nodded, "That's cool! Wanna come meet someone? I think you'll like him."

Sam nodded his head frantically. Michael glanced up to Dean, who nodded.

"C'mon." Michael held his hand out and Sam took it. He led him to where his kid was, playing on the swings.

Cas unhooked the dogs leash's and Harley ran after Sam, Lacey stayed by Dean.

Cas led Dean over to where his parents were, Anna, Gabriel, and Lacey following.

"Mom, dad."

Dean stayed quiet, letting Cas talk.

"Hello Castiel. You haven't called in awhile."

Cas frowned and glared at his mom, "Ya well."

Anna walked up, a girl on her arm, "Hey Cas, this is Charlie, my girlfriend."

Cas turned from his parents to Anna, he smiled politely, "Hello. It's nice to meet you."

Charlie smiled, "I've heard many things about you Cas, Anna looks up to you." Anna blushed hard, jabbing Charlie with her elbow.

Cas chuckled.

"Congratulations on your pup."

Dean nodded but Cas was the one to thank Jo.

Dean let go of Cas's hand, "I'm going to go sit down." Dean was starting to feel uncomfortable just standing in front of Naomi, he could feel her judgement.

Cas nodded and kissed Dean's cheek. Dean left and walked over to a table, sitting down. Lacey came trotting over to him, making him chuckle.

Dean watched Cas interact with his siblings but noticed he barely talked to his parents. Dean's eyes drifted to Sam, who was playing with Michael's son.

Dean wondered where Michael's wife was.

"You know we don't bite. Well maybe Naomi but the rest of us don't."

Dean looked up and saw Gabriel.

He shrugged, "I guess just don't like Naomi's staring all the time."

Gabriel smiled, "She stares at everyone and everything, always making judgements but you can't let her bother you, she'll think she has power over you."

Dean nodded, "Your family's nice. Hey, where's Michael's wife?"

"She died, liver cancer."

"Oh...