, laughing and pushing Sherlock away with his elbow, fingers clutching chopsticks. “Take a shower, you smell like Twin Dragon.” Sherlock spun around and plucked a piece of chicken from John’s meal, popping it in his mouth before he could react. “Go do whatever it is you don’t want to be disturbed doing and leave my chicken alone,” John admonished, holding the flimsy cardboard protectively. Sherlock hmphed and disappeared into his room.

Apparently cake was a rather difficult concept. Baking was chemistry, but it seemed completely foreign to what he knew. Everything was in cups and grams and involved stirring at the right time and vague visual descriptions as to what things were supposed to look like at different stages. It would be a challenge. And based on what he had read - everything having infinite possible outcomes that were either good or bad depending on each person’s individual tastes - it would not be a fun challenge. Not to mention the fact that he had only two days and whatever time he could find in his own schedule without John’s awareness.

Forty-three minutes later, he had compiled the best components of the top ten best cake recipes that he could find. John was assuredly asleep on the couch already, his neck cricked at an angle that would most definitely cause some complaining tomorrow. Sherlock placed a hand on John’s shoulder and shook him gently.

“What,” John growled, frowning as he sleepily swatted away Sherlock’s hand.  

“You’re going to be complaining about your neck tomorrow if you don’t move.”

“Don’t care. Comfortable.” Sherlock stepped around to the front of the couch and stared at John and his crooked neckedness. John cracked an eye open and glared at him. “Don’t you dare,” he said in a warning voice. He shifted away when Sherlock grinned in his Grinch-esque fashion. “No,” he tried weakly. But there were arms under his and his legs were falling to the ground as Sherlock dragged him across the carpet and angled them both into his bedroom.

“This would be less humiliating on your part if you let me pick you up fully.”

“Not true. You can carry me the day I stop having legs,” he grumbled in reply. Sherlock dropped him on his bed. John pulled himself up the rest of the way, stripping off his jumper and shimmying out of his trousers before pulling the covers over himself. Sherlock made to get in the bed as well, but John stopped him. “You still smell like overpriced food. Go take a shower.” John burrowed deeper into the pillows. Sherlock stared at him. The lengths he went to for John. Baking and showering. It was absurd. “Hurry up, I’m cold.”

Okay maybe he could live with absurdity. Definitely.

 

It was today. John’s birthday. About noon. And still not a successful cake.

Nearly all of yesterday had been baking and failing while John was working a triple shift at the surgery. Sherlock had sent carefully worded emails to the two other doctors that were supposed to be working that day telling them that they needed not come in. It had involved hacking into an email account, but there were important things on the line. Lestrade had taken John out for the morning so Sherlock would have time to prepare. There were nonsensical decorations up courtesy of Mrs. Hudson. He had shouted at her when she tried to give him tips in baking. He’d have John apologize later. What did she know about the difference of baking soda and powder? There was no difference. Obviously.

Bowls and dirty dishware littered every available surface, batter and flour clinging to cabinet handles as egg dripped onto the floor. Cleaning wasn’t necessary. John would be home in approximately eight minutes and the latest cake needed six. Sherlock scrubbed a hand through his hair, knocking the safety goggles he’d forgotten about to the floor and making a mini explosion radius of powders. There was egg somewhere on his neck. He could feel it. Baking was apparently not one of his strong suits, Sherlock thought as he poked impatiently at one of the chunks of half-baked mush from one of the other attempts. When the timer beeped, Sherlock barely remembered to put on oven gloves before pulling it from the heat. This one would work. It had to. He’d used at least double the amount of vanilla extract than the recipe suggested. It was bound to boost the taste.

Front door click. Greeting to Mrs. Hudson. John was home. And ahead of schedule. Unacceptable. Groaning, Sherlock shook one of the gloves from his hands as he set the newest cake pan on top of one of the others. It was pale yellow and looked almost exactly like the color of the one on the box. Except this one was supposed to be chocolate. He swanned about until he met a fork or a spoon or something and used it to dig into the near liquid looking thing. He spat out the taste immediately, his first thought being that someone must have poisoned it for the ‘cake