30am. She had managed to fall asleep quite early last night, but it didn’t stop her from glaring at the beeping little clock with all the disdain she could muster. Marinette took a shower and dressed herself groggily, deciding not to put in too much effort for the early morning bakery customers. 

She came downstairs, dressed in the slouchiest clothes she had with some impressively frizzy hair, to find her mother happily prepping the display items, totally adjusted to this terrible sleep schedule.

“Good morning, honey!” She greeted energetically, “There’s already someone outside. Could you unlock for me?”

Marinette gave a half-hearted smile and grunted in the affirmative. She grabbed the keys and headed toward the front door, where she could make out the shadow of someone outside through the clouded glass. Marinette couldn’t believe some people. Who was here at 5:20am to get something? Couldn’t they be doing literally anything better with their lives at this hour?

The lock clicked as she turned the keys. The door swung forward revealing a teenage boy with blonde hair and striking green eyes.

“Morning, Marinette!” Adrien said, just as cheerful as her mother.

“M-morning!” Marinette managed to mutter, suddenly wishing she had decided to dress up for the early customers after all. She attempted to pat down the frizz in her hair as she stepped to the side and let him in.

“I know you guys don’t open until 5:30, but I’ve got a photo shoot at six, so I thought I’d try coming a bit earlier. You see, it is apparently very important that I get some of your macarons.”

“Oh, ha, yeah! No problem! We have great macarons here.” Marinette laughed nervously. 

“So I hear.”

they. are. o b l i v i o u s


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


Adrien’s POV


 

“Oh, ha, yeah! No problem! We have great macarons here.” Marinette laughed nervously. 

“So I hear.” Adrien smiled, mostly to himself. “Anyway, I’d like to bring a dozen with me to treat some of my coworkers today. Assorted flavors, if you have them ready.”

“Yeah, absolutely!” Marinette said before quickly dashing behind the counter.

“Hi, Adrien, nice to see you again.” Mrs. Dupain-Cheng smiled kindly from where she was fixing the display items. “I hope school is going well.”

“Hi, it’s nice to see you, too. School is great, thanks.” Adrien replied politely.

“You know, you picked a great day to come in for macarons, we make them fresh all Saturday. You’ll be getting some from the first batches.” Mrs. Dupain-Cheng closed the display case and moved over to the register. Adrien wondered idly if unmasked Ladybug ever came in on Saturdays for fresh macarons. Perhaps she had stood right where Adrien was standing. Perhaps Mrs. Dupain-Cheng herself had sold them to her. 

“So… do you sell a lot of macarons?” Adrien decided he could ask a few nondescript questions.

“Oh, definitely. We must make hundreds a week! Though, not many people your age come in to get some for their coworkers. That’s very sweet.” She began to count the money in the register.

“Oh, ha, I suppose. So not a lot of people my age, then?” Adrien tried to pry further.

“Not really, but we have a few younger regulars. You know, I had no idea you like macarons so much. Marinette never mentioned, even though she talks so much-“

“Mom!” Marinette interrupted forcefully, box of macarons in hand, as she returned to the front of the shop. “Here you go Adrien.” Marinette gave the sweetest smile, which he couldn’t help but return.

“Thanks.” Adrien said while he fished for his wallet in his pocket.

“You should come by for more soon. They are fresh every Saturday.” Mrs. Dupain-Cheng said as he handed over the money.

“I definitely will. Thank you so much!” Adrien waved as he left, determined to return and find out if any of the younger regulars were girls with dark hair and blue eyes.

 


Marinette’s POV


 

	“MOM.” Marinette whined as soon as Adrien was out the door.

	“What? I think I was very subtle. Plus, he says he’ll come back soon. You should take some extra shifts this week.” Her mom laughed a little. Marinette groaned.

	The rest of the morning played out uneventfully. Her father came back from the catering job, and she finally got the chance for a nap. She woke up in the late afternoon to the sound of her phone buzzing. Blinking through sleep, she managed to make out Alya’s picture on the phone. 

	“Hello?” she answered, still groggy.

	“Hey, girl. Listen, I was just coming over to see if you wanted to do a movie