get used to this.

Harry was a bit overwhelmed. He had been expecting expensive and extravagant, but this was a bit over the top. The numbers on the price tags made his head spin. Lucius stood beside him, arm around his shoulders, looking down at the rings as if they were mildly pricey shoes.

"See anything you like, love?" He asked.

"I don't know, the prices are blinding me." Lucius chuckled and pointed to ring in the case.

"Could you get that for me?" He asked, taking the ring delicately and looking down at it. It was a wide silver band with diamonds inlaid around it, in the center was a slightly larger emerald. On each end, a thin line of Celtic knots stretched around the ring.

"Oh, I like that one." Harry commented, flushing a bit as Lucius took his left hand and slipped the ring onto his finger. He looked down at it and smiled, his heart fluttering at the thought of Lucius sliding this ring on his finger for real.

"Yes, this one." He said, nodding. Lucius smiled and handed the ring to the man behind the counter. He leaned in and spoke quietly to him and then turned back to Harry, hooking a finger under his chin and kissing him softly.

"Now, I think we have business to attend to at home." He murmured softly, a wicked smile on his lips as he disapparated them home.

"Excuse me, but Malfoys do not splash!" Draco exclaimed, though the otherwise haughty statement came off as playful, for his face was split in a grin, and he was laughing. The twins took no heed of his comment, cackling as they splashed the blonde and ducked away before he could get them back.

What had started out as sensual had quickly dissolved into teasing banter. Draco would have never let anyone see him like this, but it was just Fred and George, so he laughed freely and broke about every rule about being a Malfoy. And, he didn't even care.

"I never thought I'd see the day." Said George, suddenly at Draco's side. He smiled affectionately and wiped a droplet of water from the blonde's cheek.

"A Malfoy soaking wet and laughing like a school girl." Fred added, grinning and folding his hands over Draco's shoulder, resting his head on it.

"If you tell anyone about this, I will deny it vehemently." Draco informed them, a smile on his lips as he kissed a tail of moisture off of Fred's face, his face flushing as the corners of their mouths brushed together. Fred's eyes were surprised and shockingly serious as they met Draco's.

The younger Malfoy inhaled softly, his lips parting as Fred leaned in. The kiss was the definition of perfection. Their mouths molded together deliciously, pulling a soft moan from Draco's throat. Fred straightened, his folded hands moving to cup Draco's face with a tenderness that made the blonde go weak in the knees. Fred kissed him with a slow intensity, his hot tongue lapping over his lips until Draco melted into it, opening his mouth to him and tangling his own tongue with the redhead's.

A brushing, wonderfully warm sensation began to travel over his neck. He hazily recognized it as George's lips, moving over his skin. His hands worshipped his body, running over his sides and tracing the definition on his torso. Draco felt his mind start to melt, the fog of desire clouding everything else.

What had started as an innocent kiss quickly spiraled into a heated tangle of redhead and blonde limbs. Any trace of doubt had left Draco, he wrapped his arms around Fred and held on for dear life. He felt like he was made of clay, molding himself between the two twins. It was a sensation over-drive, only heightened as Fred's hands left his face to join George's exploration of his body. Slightly roughened thumbs found his nipples, circling and rubbing them until Draco was moaning and arching.

Their soft, tender kiss was now desperate, tongues battling sensually. Fred pulled away suddenly, moving over to the opposite side of Draco's neck. The blonde's mind was exploding with pleasure. He didn't know which was to lean, which twin to hold on to. He didn't know whose mouth was whose, and he didn't care much. He wanted them both. He reached one hand forward and one hand back, tangling his hands in almost identical heads of red hair.

Draco gasped as two deep, delicious voices spoke in his ear.

"Draco, darling..."

"You have no idea how delectable you look right now..."

"Mm, I could just eat you right up."

"However, we might get carried away...

"If you want to stop, just say so..."

"No!" Draco gasped, blushing and shivering as the twins chuckled. He was suddenly turned around to face...was it George?

"I think it's Georgie's turn to