he's busy with uncle Sammy. Yes he is."

"Dean, maybe you should take a nap? I can handle these two, Riley will be sleeping much of the time anyway."

Dean turned around, rocking Riley. Sam was clinging to Cas's neck tightly, his face shoved in his neck.

Dean would have thought it cute if he didn't know that Sam's crush was getting out of hand. He couldn't kiss his own mate without Sam pushing them appart and throwing a fit.

Dean nodded and laid Riley down, who was fast asleep again.

He walked past Cas without a glance at him, closing their bedroom door softly behind him.

Cas sighed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cas was able to finish lunch, Sam clinging to his leg. He had brought Dean's lunch to the bedroom, setting it on the side table for when he woke.

He walked around with the baby monitor, keeping watch on Riley.

"Cassie?"

Cas put the book he was reading down and looked to Sam, "Ya baby?"

"Are you mad at me?"

Cas frowned then sat on the floor with Sam, "Why would you think that?"

Sam frowned, "De's mad so I thought you would be too."

Cas gave a small smiled, "he's not mad kiddo, just tired. And no, I'm not mad."

Sam smiled and hugged Cas, "Can I give you a kiss Cassie? Like how I saw Dean kiss you a lot?"

Cas sighed, "No Sam. How me and Dean kiss, you only do that with your mate baby. When you find your mate, you'll kiss them like that."

Sam threw his arms around Cas's neck, "But I love you! Why can't you be my mate?"

Sam sounded so sad, Cas didn't want to hurt the little guy's feelings but this couldn't go on. He pulled Sam back, "I love you Sam but like a little brother baby boy. I'm your brothers mate and I love him very much. I know you like me but you'll find a different person who you will love more than life itself and you won't like me anymore. Plus, I'm Dean's mate baby. How do you think Dean would feel if you took me away from him? He would be very upset, your brother loves me very much as I do him, we're bonded together. You don't want to take that away from your big brother now do you?"

Sam shook his head no, he had fat tears running down his face, Cas wiped them away, "I want De to be happy Cassie, you make him happy."

Cas smiled, "And he makes me happy too. So do you baby boy but you gotta let me and De be together or he'll be sad."

Sam nodded, "I know... Do you still love me though, Cassie?"

Cas hugged Sam, "I will always love you baby boy. Just not in the way I love Dean, I love you like family sweetheart. You're my family."

Sam nodded, "I love you too Cassie. I-Is De mad at me?"

Cas shook his head, "No but do you want to go cuddle up to him? I know he'll like that. We can all take a nap."

Sam nodded. Cas walked Sam to their bedroom and quietly opened the door, he noticed the lunch he had set was ate and Dean was passed out, still so tired.

Cas sat the baby monitor down while Sam got in bed, moving Lacey to the end of the bed.

Dean stirred, "H-Hmm? Sam? What're you doing?"

"Me and Cassie are gonna nap with you De!  Cassie told me imma find myself a mate that I'm gonna love more than life itself! Can you believe that?"

An eye popped open, "you will Sammy, when you're older. Can I have my mate back?"

Sam looked down, "I'm sorry De, I know Cassie loves you and you love him, I want someone to love me like Cassie loves you. Cassie is so nice and awesome."

Dean pulled Sam closer, "You'll find your mate when you're older baby boy. You have a lot of time and me and Cassie love you sweetheart. We always will, you're my little brother and it's my job kiddo."

Sam nodded and snuggled up to Dean, Cas smiled and laid down, pulling the brothers into his arms.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dean woke up to Lacey licking his face.

"Lace, gross. Alright, alright I'm up."

Dean was alone in the bed besides Lacey being there, licking him.

"Where is everyone Lace?"

Lacey barked and ran off the bed, running out of the room.

Dean chuckled, "Guess I'm supposed to follow."

Dean slowly pulled himself out of bed and walked down the hall