unbuttoning his shirt from the top, fumbling so badly that he rolled his eyes and straightened up to help. His shirt gone, she salivated at his exposed chest, and Touko grabbed his collar and soon his shirt lay on the floor in a ball which he might have found sexier had she refrained from wearing that ugly wet expression of hers. She didn’t look so bad when she read. He would even go as far as to say she looked nice then.

Just not out loud.

“Byakuya-sama doesn’t attempt to resist... perhaps he’s as dirty as I am...” She fiddled with his belt, unzipping his fly and poking at the opening. “What... What kind of man does that make him?”

One that loomed over her on all fours once he slammed Touko’s shoulders into the mattress.

“I’m not a man who will be d-dominated by filth like you.” Oh God. He stuttered. He actually stuttered. The idea of submitting to anyone, especially her, revolted him to the core. Whether he received pleasure from said revulsion in any way was a matter he refused to contemplate. “To think I could be bent to the whims of a worthless stick insect. Such a disgusting thought,” he descended, wafting words across her lips, “from a disgusting mouth.”

“Ah... wah...”

Byakuya blinked. Some of his anger drained away. “What is it?”

“Questioning your authority... I’m so bad... I deserve to be tied up... gagged... spanked...”

‘Ugly wet’ no longer aptly described what lay beneath him. Hideously damp appropriately described her current all-too-familiar demeanour. But why? Why the change in the first place. Why the sudden reversion. Opposed by his response, she relented and degenerated to passiveness. Readily, as if...

... as if she employed such assertiveness with the intention to be countered by his own to a greater extent. And got what she wanted.

Byakuya lifted his head, refusing to make eye contact.

“If this is to you mere fodder for your delusions, you can go,” he said. “I’m not going to reinforce them.”

“Eh?”

Eye contact was remade. “Your infatuation is rational. After all, I am intelligent. Confident. Handsome. I boast all aptitudes for success. The predicament we have been forced into enables me to frequently exhibit my abilities while others succumb to the pressures and anxieties our situation induces.” He waved a hand. “Inevitably, you latched onto the idea of me. A knight in shining armour or some equivalent. While I can’t deny its advantages,” he averted his gaze, “I didn’t foresee how detrimental it would prove upon backfiring. I’m an escape for you, like your writing. No. Not even that. What you deceive yourself into thinking I am. I’ll never be what you want me to be. I’ll always be me in the end. I’m not going to change for you or anyone else.”

“That’s... fine... but n-not totally correct...”

His focus snapped back to her.

“I thought you were good... too good to be true... but it didn’t stop me... and still doesn’t,” she admitted. “When you revealed my secret, I realised... no matter what I pin onto you, you’re always you underneath. And I like that. Intelligent... Confident... Handsome... like you said.” She fidgeted. “But also real... logical, blunt... I don’t want you to change for me... and I don’t expect you to.” She touched his cheek with her palm. “I’m... n-not that crazy.”

“Fukawa...” He placed his hand on top of the one she put on his cheek. Seeing a person meant one thing. Seeing through someone another. And seeing into them a different thing entirely. “The invitation to leave remains open, but you have permission,” he squeezed, “to stay.”

Touko captured his hand between both of hers and directed his hand to between her thighs. Elastic pinged against his nails. Damp. Her panties were damp. Because of him. They absorbed each other’s gazes, realisation dawning as the whirlwind of accumulated events settled.

All this, due to what, exactly?

Because of candy. Because he chose to read in his room. Because he... Touko... self-burdened with concern... distracting him with her existence...

She stared, hushed. Voluntarily compliant, no matter how he treated her.

Byakuya furrowed his brow and nodded once.

Spreading out her legs, Touko clutched his fingers and pulsed them evenly against her panties. Her other hand laced through his hair, tugging him closer, pressing his lips onto hers. He bound her braids to her scalp with a clenched fist as he tilted her head to the side. His lips glided from her mouth to her neck, his breath rapping against her skin. Then he let go of her braids so he could explore her