a weekday, he wondered? Stiles did strange things to him. He truly did.

         Slipping away from the covers, Derek decided to make use of the shower before heading off to work. He kept a change of clothes in his office. As he opened the door, he was met by two amused faces. Stiles's roommates: Scott and Jackson. Scott had stayed over Allison's—who was Derek's niece—last night to give Derek and Stiles the room. He had to thank him for that, though Scott looked hardly pleased with Derek at the moment.

         "Alright...Derek, right?" Scott said. "Jeez. I can't believe you're real."

         "I can't believe he's not a male prostitute." Jackson said. He was jotting notes down on a notebook. "I mean...Stilinski and this guy."

         Stiles had not exaggerated when he used the word douchebag to describe Jackson, but Derek had met worse, much worse. Jackson felt like a wounded puppy in comparison to uncle Peter, a full-fledged alpha wolf, looking to rub everyone the wrong way to assert his inappropriate dominance.

         "I am real. I exist, and I am dating Stiles." Derek said. "Excuse me, but could I use your shower? I am about to head into work."

         Scott nodded in approval.

         "This late?" Jackson said. "Just call in. Show your boss a picture of Stilinski. Tell them you had some charity work to do."

         Derek smiled. He shook his head. "Do you have any towels I would be able to..."

         "Use Stiles's. They're in our bedroom. I think they're clean." Scott said.

         He pivoted and headed back into the room. He overheard Jackson saying something that equated to it's not a walk of shame if the guy is freaking shameless! What a douchebag. He would have knocked Jackson's teeth in by now if he had not been Stiles's roommate. Derek grabbed one of Stiles's towels, which were on top of his drawers, and walked back outside into the living room, where Jackson was pretending to have a normal conversation with Scott about, if Derek was hearing it correctly, butterflies.

         "The migration patterns of Monarchs is really fascinating Scott..."

         Derek ignored him and passed through the bathroom door. They were an interesting bunch, Stiles's friends, and he was happy to know that Stiles had good people around him, people willing to take care of him when Derek was not around. Derek wanted to be around. He peeled his clothes off with that thought in mind: he could fit into this life. He could, if Stiles was willing, insert himself into this world of young adult problems and inconsistencies. He could wake up every morning with his hands wrapped around Stiles's waist.

         How perfect would that life be? He thought. He thought again. He thought once more, and then turned on the water.

         -

         Derek had to take the back stairwell in order to get to his office, in order to change without being noticed by any of his staff, save for his secretary, and possibly his uncle, who may or not be waiting for him in his office, claws and teeth at the ready to strike. After the shit he pulled with Laura, all the fires that had gone off that morning were his to solve.

         To Derek's honest surprise, Laura and uncle Peter were in his office, having coffee and talking like civil human beings. It was a ruse, because they hated each other on a fundamental level, but Hales, no matter how they felt, would do what they needed to accomplish their goals, even consort with the people they despised with every fiber of their being. If only Derek had someone in his family who saw the situation his way.

         "Derek, nice to see you in yesterday's clothes. Coming in for a change?" Laura said.

         "Memory as sharp as it always was, Laura?" Derek snapped back. He opened a closet built into the wall. "You two mind stepping out of the room for a minute? I'm about to get dressed."

         "Of course. But we do need to talk Derek. It's important." Peter said. "Dire importance."

         Wolves. He could feel their breaths on his neck as they walked past him into the door. As Derek heard the door shut, he picked up his change of clothes and began dressing. The instant he finished, he heard a knock. Laura let herself in, and uncle Peter followed her. Derek was finishing looping his belt when they were back in the same positions they were when they started.

         "What is so important that you two put aside your seething hatred of each other to speak to me together about it?" Derek asked.

         Laura smirked. "It's your birthday. Next week. Remember?"

         That was true. Derek had forgotten completely. He usually never celebrated his birthdays; he treated the day as any other day. Kate would cajole him