any longer.

 

“Well, I’ll start then. Soulmates aren’t exactly a new concept, to both merpeople and humans. But in human terms, it’s more used of a term of endearment, yeah? When a human calls someone their soulmate, it isn’t like the connection that we experience. Generally, we are more magical beings, I mean, we were even regarded as mythical at one point.”

 

“Some humans are quick to dismiss this kind of stuff. But merpeople are different in the sense that we've known about the soul for a while. Although there isn't a lot we can do with it, a common theme is that we noticed when we fell in love, it hurt to be apart from that soulmate if you hadn't confessed. I think that's where Hanayo-chan’s illness is coming from. A literal love sickness if you will.”

 

Rin blinked and opened her mouth to say something, raising her index finger and narrowing her eyes in slight confusion, “Shorter version please, nya.”

 

Nozomi stifled a groan before shaking her head, “It means, that our little Hanayo-chan has gone and found her soulmate without realising it. And that's what's causing the illness.”

 

“Nya?! So how do we make her better?!” Rin replied, suddenly understanding.

 

“To put it in short, she needs to have her love reciprocated. But… There is a problem,” Nozomi frowned.

 

“What?”

 

“When I say humans aren't like mermaids, I also mean their form of love is different. Humans don't really have specific soulmates, they can fall in and out of love and can have multiple partners over the course of their lives. If Kotori-chan isn't interested in her, well… Hanayo-chan could be afflicted for the rest of her life. There are records of this happening, sadly…”

 

“Well… We have to try, right? If she's going to be ill either way then there's no point in leaving it, nya.”

 

“That's a good point. But I'm afraid I have to leave it up to you, I have my own things to attend to yeah? You're her best friend, help her through this.”

 

Rin nodded, suddenly invigorated, “Yeah! Thank you Nozomi-chan!”

 

The two exchanged a tight hug, before Rin swam off to rejoin Hanayo.

 

~

 

“Are you feeling up to it?” Rin asked, wringing her hands above Hanayo, who was relaxing as best she could on a flat bed of rocks.

 

“No… J-just tell her I'll be fine soon enough… I don't want her to think I'm being rude…”

 

As much as Rin didn't want to take advantage of this illness, she realised that this gave her a perfect opportunity to talk to Kotori alone about the matter at hand.

 

Besides, it wasn't like she had caused this situation. It was more of an unfortunate coincidence than anything.

 

“Okay,” Rin said somewhat dejectedly, moving over to give her a small, non-crushing hug as best she could before swimming off towards the cave.

 

Kotori was already there when she arrived; she had probably meandered her way there a little bit slower than normal.

 

She broke the surface of the water and smiled up at Kotori, “Hey!”

 

“Hi Rin-chan. Is Hanayo-chan okay? Where is she?” There was suddenly more concern on her face than Rin thought there would be.

 

“Kayo-chin’s been feeling ill again, she didn’t feel up to coming along…”

 

“Oh. Has it gotten any worse?”

 

Rin thought for a moment, “It’s kind of been on and off, nya,” That must mean something to do with the distance between the two of them, right?

 

“So other than that, she’s okay?”

 

“Yeah. But, I mean, I did try to look at what was wrong with her, nya.”

 

“It’s not just a simple illness?”

 

“I don’t know. Could be,” Rin sheepishly admitted, “But there was something else…”

 

Rin fiddled with her hands as Kotori tiled her head in concern, “It’s hard to explain, nya…”

 

“Well, I’ve got time. Just explain slowly, okay?” 

 

When Rin looked up to see her gentle smile, she began to understand why there was a possibility that she was Hanayo’s soulmate. They were similar with their personalities, both kind and caring, but just different enough to provide a contrast. But Kotori seemed more confident and sure of herself, something Hanayo was, well, less so. With her confidence renewed, Rin began to explain what still wasn’t one hundred percent clear in her mind.

 

“Well… Kotori-chan, humans have soulmates too, right? Or I mean… It’s just something you call your partner, nya?”

 

“I suppose some people do. But