patience was slowly leaving her and if Tendou kept acting like a brat, blood would be shed tonight, far from the bar and the dance floor.

 “Do you seriously not see a problem?” Tendou asked, eyeing Semi again.

 And of course Semi didn’t. Clothes like any other – a yellow T-shirt, a blue zip-up hoodie to keep her warm outside and white pants, knee long and tight to show off her thin legs. A pair of casual snickers topped her outfit and she was planning to take her sunglasses too when Tendou rung her doorbell. They were famous after all, and they didn’t like giving autographs when on a girls’ night out.

 “Semisemi, please…” Tendou sighed when Semi shrugged, crossing her arms over her chest. God only knew how self conscious the red head made her sometimes with her lack of mouth filter. “Look, from all of this,” Tendou gestured her outfit, “I only approve of the pants, and I mean approve, not like. I mean, first of all, yellow and blue?” she shuddered, “Who taught you fashion, girl friend?! Second, animal print on that shirt? Disgusting.” She grabbed onto Semi’s hoodie to see the logo stamped in front, before nodding to herself, “Blue Batman logo. Geek.”

 “You’re calling me a geek, you…”

 “Oh thank God you’re not wearing your university volleyball shoes! I would have laughed then, like, seriously!” Tendou sighed in relief, “But everything else must go, or I’m not going anywhere with you! I seriously don’t want to be ashamed for both of us.”

 Semi frowned at that, her thin brows creasing over her forehead. “If you’re that ashamed of me, then we really should cancel then!”

 “I…No! I meant that I’ll lend you something to wear and…”

 “Tendou, you directly insult me and think I’ll just forget it and go out with you?”

 “I didn’t insult you, I just said that what you’re wearing sucks…”

 “These are my normal clothes!”

 “Yeah! But they’re hideous and believe me, even if you don’t pick up your shades, no one out there will recognize the Semi Eita from the STZ with that getup!”

 Semi’s cheeks flared. Her taste in clothes was fine, so she thought. Tendou was just being a jerk. If it didn’t concern work, Semi didn’t usually tend to go out and have fun, so she needed casual and comfortable clothes to laze around at home when she had the time. At work, she wore what they gave her, left herself in the hands of professionals to build her image. That was just what work was. Maybe it was true that too many people thought that her stage appearance was her usual one and that caused confusion most of the time.

 That was not exactly Tendou Satori’s case. So much was clear from the way she dressed. Her clothes could barely be called casual – tight jeans, torn at the front of her knees and thighs, black stilettos, making her impossibly tall, a loose tank top made as if entirely of silver sequins, shining bright enough to blind someone (though it did give a great view of Tendou’s perky chest and cleavage, that would cause a lot more damage than the shine) and a short leather jacket over it. Bracelets glimmered over her thin wrists, silver and gold chains dangled from her neck and disappeared between her boobs. Sure, she was missing the make up and her hair was left wild, but overall it looked like Tendou was heading to shoot the next music video.

 And it made Semi annoyed. Annoyed because Tendou did look damn good and that when she took a look at herself in the mirror in the hall, she really did look like a geek who had no idea what she was doing in a night club…

 “Semisemi, we can just stop at my place along the way, I’ll give you something nice to wear, I’m sure all my clothes will fit you great.” Tendou kindheartedly offered, seeing the way Semi was taking her words into consideration. “I’ll make you look better than Hayato makes you look, promise!”

 Hearing her friend’s pleading voice, Semi finally nodded. It wouldn’t hurt after all.

 “Okay, let’s go…” she sighed in defeat and didn’t miss the way Tendou’s face shone in delight and the way her eyes glimmered with excitement at her words of consent.

 

888

 

 “Are you sure this doesn’t look too much…?” Semi asked, her usually confident voice quiet as she spun around in front of the full body mirror in Tendou Satori’s messy room, standing among too many clothes, shirts and jeans and ripped shorts scattered around on the floor and bed.

 Behind her, Tendou quickly nodded, eyeing her in approval. “You’re perfect, Semisemi. The best chick in the house!”