for me to cherish!”

Kyouko cleared her throat before Aoi could accidentally dig herself into a deeper hole with a shovel crafted out of poorly-worded justifications. She set her heatproof bowl, broken chocolate ready to melt inside it, over a pan of water simmering on the stove.

“Anyway,” said Aoi, turning back to Touko, “all you have to do is melt your chocolate like Kirigiri-chan and then when it’s all gooey, you take it off the heat and stir in the tofu. Then, when it’s smooth enough, you just tip it into your mould and you’re done.”

That sounded relatively simple so Touko began crumbling her chocolate above a small bowl. Though Aoi finished before Touko, she lingered at the counter and filled in bits of her mould with chocolate from one of the pens that she bought. The mould itself was indented with pig faces and Touko cast it a dirty look but made no comment. Touko’s mould, after much time spent deliberating and dithering over the store’s available stock, promised heart-shaped chocolates that would truly let Byakuya know how much she loved him.

Her own heart fluttered at the idea of confessing her love to him. After all this time, she had yet to string those three monosyllabic words into that classic cliche saying. Earlier delusions that she conjured to pass the time involved gusts of cherry blossom wind and the roof of a school building, but she pictured now just the two of them, in the downstairs study, her with the linen gift bag that she bought at the store along with the chocolate ingredients.

“I think Togami likes you, you know,” remarked Aoi.

Touko huffed. “O-Of course he does.”

“Like, really really.” Aoi scratched the end of the nose. “I mean it’s hard to tell with him but...”

She shrugged.

Kyouko walked over with her bowl, spilling half of its chocolate into a different bowl. The base of the first bowl met the counter with a clonk and she started to spoon white chocolate into the petal segments of her mould’s flower-shaped indentations.

Chocolate saturated the air with a sweet, rich creaminess. Touko brought her bowl over to the stove and heated her chocolate over the pan. When the chocolate had softened, she removed her bowl from the ring and returned the island counter. She opened the cutlery drawer and seized a knife, which she cut through a slab of tofu that she then mixed in with the chocolate.

“H-Hey,” said Touko, swirling her spoon through the mixture and looking over at Aoi, who was heating her chocolate over the stove. “Asahina... Why did you say that he likes me all of a sudden?”

Aoi blinked. “Huh? Oh. Um...”

She put her bowl down on the island counter and added in droplets of pink food colouring. Sticking out her tongue a little, she poured the chocolate into her mould and filled in sixteen pig faces in total.

“I mean... I don’t know, he seems less... nasty? Less uptight? I don’t know why I mentioned it really,” said Aoi, shaking her head. The beads of chocolate that she poked in with the pen earlier had cooled so when the chocolates were later poked out of their mould, the pink pig chocolates would have milk chocolate eyes and nostrils.

On the other side of the island counter, Kyouko mixed matcha powder into the second bowl so the chocolate inside turned green. She trickled this chocolate into the circular centre of the flower indentations.

“Togami-kun is easy to read in some ways but more difficult in others,” Kyouko noted aloud. All of her flower indentations had been filled with chocolate so she carried her mould over to the fridge. “Admittedly, after the incident in Towa City, he seems to have opened up a little more.”

Kyouko shut the fridge door.

“Even though he tried to hide it, he was eager for you to come back once you and Komaru weren’t required to stay there any longer. Your devotion to him is like that of flowing water against a jagged rock... You may have succeeded in eroding his outer layer.”

“N-No,” said Touko. “You’re wrong.”

“Excuse me?” asked Kyouko, brow lowered.

“Byakuya-sama wouldn’t change for me, a-and he is the same on the outside as he is on the inside. If he did... change like that... th-then he wouldn’t be him.” Touko bent forward, smoothing the surface of each tofu chocolate heart with a spatula. Satisfied that the top of every heart was flat and level and perfect, she slid it onto a rack in the fridge that Aoi had cleared so it could accommodate three moulds with space to spare.

“I don’t think he changed for you,” said Kyouko, head inclined to one side. “I think Togami-kun’s exposure to people who he can consider his peers played a part... I have the feeling that before he met us, he didn’t socialise