Harry looks down, almost forgetting that he was stark naked, and Zayn forgets too, dropping his eyes and seeing Harry in all his glory.

“Oh gosh.” Zayn cries out, rushing out of the stall, not bothering to clean up.

But he does text Harry about talking soon, dressed formally.

♦

He dreams about her. Her name starts with an S, or so the symbol on her neck says. He wants to devour her with his eyes, memorize the planes of her body into his heart and outline every pulsing vein that sends blood to her beautiful being. Her eyes come into view, and they are filled with guilt. Her eyelashes flutter but her face is still evanescent and he wants to see her in the brightest light and the blackest dark. He finally gets a chance to run his hands over her body and it feels like nothing he’s ever touched before. The curves seem as if they are lasting forever and when he reaches the tips of her toes, he wakes up,

♦

Zayn is sitting in Harry’s mum’s guestroom, his feet digging into the plush carpet. Harry convinced him to go on a 3 day vacation with him to his mum’s home in the states. He didn’t want to, hates how loud it is outside and how he can never really get any sleep. Harry hasn’t asked him what is going on yet, but he knows him, and he knows the silence won’t last long.

It lasts until dinner, when Zayn has a mouth full of rice and Harry has sipped maybe a little past too much wine.

“Zayn, can you tell me what’s going on with you?” Harry pleads, watching Zayn with sad eyes.

“Harry, honestly, I can’t even explain it to myself.”

“Does it have something to do with your mate?”

Zayn almost says yes, because Harry is his friend, but he decides against it.

“Can we talk tomorrow? I just, sorry.”

Harry smiles a sad one, and gets up to clean.

♦

He doesn’t remember when it was so hard to be himself, when it was so hard to accept. Harry has always been so extroverted. He makes it seem so possible. So what if he likes Harry? Would it be so bad? Yes. Yes it would. His dad would never accept even though he loves Harry to bits and it wouldn’t happen anyway because a stranger in the world has his shape and that’s who he has to be with and Harry will be with someone too. Just not him.

♦

They decide to head to Central Park because its only 11 pm and Harry doesn’t want to be cooped up They are at 74th when Harry spots water and tugs Zayn towards it.

“Isn’t it so pretty?” He asks, his bright eyes taking in the view.

“Harry, I fancy you.”

(So maybe he is good with his emotions.)

“What?” Harry says.

“I like you as more than a mate. I think about you to get off and I spend my hours wondering about what you’re up to. I don’t know when this happened but I fancy you, okay? And its fine if you don’t feel the same. I just… I’ve been in a pissy mood because I saw you kissing a girl at the party and I felt jealous and shit I was scared because I didn’t know why I was feeling that way.”

Its pitch black outside, but Zayn can still see the pink of Harry’s cheeks.

“I, uh. You’re quite fit and I have thought about you when tossing off a lot. But, um. I don’t know how I’m supposed to feel, liking a bloke? So I don’t know if this is me fancying you or just a passing thing. I don’t want you to get your hopes up because I don’t know what to do and I get bored and I will most likely hurt you in some stupid way, but that’s my problem.”

Harry still hasn’t spoken, and Zayn feels his heart being crushed.

“Don’t know why it should matter, right? Cause you have a mate somewhere and so do it but-“

Harry stops him from talking by giving him a bone crushing hug.

“I’m sorry Zayn. I like you too, but I’m not sure if it’s how you expect it to be. I can’t be in a relationship. What if we’re together and you find your mate or I do? I don’t want to hurt you either.”

“I don’t care about my mate, Harry. I just want you.” Zayn blurts, his cheeks reddening.

“So kiss me right now. Kiss me when you’re not high or intoxicated so you’ll remember in the morning.”

Of course, Zayn can’t do that. He’s too scared of what others will think of him