replied. ‘Next time you are angry, you hold the snake tight, and you picture Archangel Michael cutting its head off with a fire-sword. No anger more. Touch the feathers of his wings. They are very soft.’

Urszula imagined the feathers – swan’s feathers, because swans were beautiful and white, and their wings were strong, and their songs killed – and the coal-hot knot inside her body unfolded melting into mellow and warm softness.

 ‘What did I do?’ she asked. ‘Was it me?’

‘Yes. You are magic. Your father was, too,’ her mother said and it was the only time Urszula heard anything of her father. ‘You will learn it when you are older.’

Her mother found a job in a library: a silent and dusty place, but more like home than their new flat. There was nothing in their new flat: only walls and a bed. Easier to clean, Urszula’s mother said. In the library there were pictures on the walls and plants on the windowsills. There were curtains in the windows, billowing when a wind blew through. Urszula liked to watch them billow – they were like waves. She flipped the pages of fairy tale books, and learned the words. She listened to the children in her class. She didn’t like them and they didn’t like her: a weirdo. The paints girl.

There was another school Urszula went to on Saturdays: a room in a red-brick building where there were portraits of the war-men, and maps hung, and a sketch of Frederic Chopin, and a red shield with a white eagle on it, crowned. They were taught to be Polish there: Urszula didn’t understand it, because the other children there, who spoke Polish worse than her, were better in the class still. They knew history she didn’t and they recognized Revolutionary Etude after the first note. To Urszula, the piano sounded like rain. The teacher there gave her a book of history, and told her to read it so she would know what she was. How strange, Urszula thought, to be a book, but she didn’t say it. When she came home, her mother wanted to see it: when she read, the shadows grew on her face.

Urszula was afraid to ask.

‘Lies,’ her mother said. ‘They taught me lies. At school, lies. At work, lies. A country made of lies. Here, you see,’ she showed Urszula a photo of an empty forest. ‘There are the men the Soviets killed – nobody speaks of it, no, no. They wrote their own histories. And they made us swallow it. And it is like a poison. It makes you sick – it makes you rot. Our country is rotten.’

Urszula didn’t ask anymore. Her mother’s words echoed in her ears like bells, and in the church, she prayed to forget. She couldn’t: like a paper-card with a holy man dead, like his wet aching body, the dark shape in the water, it resurfaced and resurfaced, and stuck to Urszula’s hands. A book so she knew what she was – was she rotten, then? What did it make her? Was her body worse? She stared in the mirror: could you see in her eyes what she was? Could you see the poison? She had lived there for five years with no knowledge it was no place to live. Why, she wouldn’t believe there were no queues in other countries, no empty shelves where there should be cheese and meat. It was how things were. Now they told her it was not. Only on the other side of the Iron Curtain – on the wrong side.

When she had painted those faces purple and green, they had been scared. Did they see it? What did they see? When they laughed at her – were they right?

The Saturday classes tired her. It was unbearably sad to be Polish. It choked her. Their history was a drowned man: it crushed your wrist and you must have loved it, and because you loved it, you allowed it to pull you down. Urszula didn’t. She envied English their history: a story of the empire over which the sun never set. Glory, victory, progress. No partitions. No lost wars. No cities turned to dust. Unpoisoned.

Her mother went to visit Barbara and Urszula went with her. She watched the films there: her favourite was Cinderella, and she prayed for a fairy god-mother. She was older: her favourite was My Fair Lady, and she prayed for a doctor.

 

24. 

When she turns eighteen, she makes the change official: to Audrey. Not Julia: she cares for the ilusion that she chooses the name. Her old documents are shred to ribbons. She burns them.

 


25.


Phoebe and Urszula began with a poor joke: Binns was giving a lecture on a goblin’s uprising which, he said, nobody expected