, of which he'd have to learn the route for his daily jogs. A dancer's body didn't maintain itself you know. Hizashi started tomorrow, and he hadn't even seen the place firsthand yet. He only had the address scrawled across a free space in his planner, separate from his other various notes and dates jotted down in his spare time.

That night, Hizashi had simply ordered in dim sum and fried rice, his favorites, and showered as he waited. Hair still damp, he tied it up in a messy bun with small strands sticking to his cheeks. A simple white t-shirt and obnoxiously bright pink sweatpants would do for lounge clothes as he sprawled himself across the dark leather of his couch. Once the doorbell rang, he was up and pressing the button to let the deliveryman into the hallway, paying for his food before retreating back into his home.

He was quick to finish what he could, before sealing off the leftovers and sticking them in the fridge. They would be his lunch tomorrow, but for now the only thing Hizashi craved was the feeling of the weight of his plush duvet, and the sweet sweet memory foam of his mattress. He was tired from moving in today, and as he moved towards his bedroom he noticed as his toes bumped lightly against a stray box. Thankfully it had been mostly empty, and the impact was painless. Bending down, he inspected what was inside. He smiled lightly as he found it was an older photo of his mothers, picking up the framed picture to set on his wardrobe.

Settling down against the soft surface of his bed, he buried himself in the fresh, and luxurious covers that decorated it. Hizashi sighed in a pleased manner, tired muscles seeming to melt, joints popping satisfyingly as he stretched himself out before curling in on himself again. Settled down, he buried his nose into his pillow as he brought it down to hold onto while resting his head against it still. It just seemed to be the position he defaulted to, but it was by far the most comfortable one. With the day's exhaustion wearing on him, Hizashi was quick to drift off into a heavy sleep.

 

Soft sunlight filtered through the cotton of thin curtains billowing in the light morning breeze. Birds twittered and chirped just outside his window, and the sound of cars passing was instead a quiet hum. It was calm, and peaceful even compared to the former hustle and bustle of his old apartment's location. A shrill, piercing ring broke the calm air in an abrupt burst of noise. Shrieking in it's place from his bedside table. Groaning softly, Hizashi reached out to stab long fingers against the faded button on his alarm clock, rousing slowly. Sitting up, his covers slid down from his chest and to his waist and he blinked blearily. Reaching out again to his table, he felt around for the familiar shape of his glasses. Brushing against the glass of them, he groaned at the thought of fingerprints fogging his vision later.

Pulling them on nonetheless, Hizashi hummed as things seemed to come into focus finally. The cream walls of his bedroom, the one directly across from him covered with various framed snapshots of his life. Stupid high school moments, to trips with his parents and simple friendly hangouts.. they were important moments in his life, times when he'd felt most happy. Maybe that was dorky, or cheesy even, but it gave him some form of comfort. A new place, and a new neighborhood, what a day to start out at five A.M. on. But no matter, this was the time he was used to waking up at. It gave him a headstart, time to run before showering and preparing himself for the day.

With that, he pulled himself from the warm comfort of his bed with a slightly rueful feeling. But that didn't matter now, not as he changed into a pair of dark shorts and a green tanktop. With his running shoes on, and hair tied back into a neat ponytail finally, the last step was the earbuds and his phone securely placed away for music. The park was relatively close by, a five minute walk if anything, and he'd made it there in not time. Before leaving, Hizashi had made sure to map out the route of the park before his morning run, and just in case, he kept a printout stored away with his phone. Just in case. He'd been told many times that he had a horrible sense of direction, though he doubted he could really get lost if he just followed one path.

The run was nice, especially with the change of scenery. Green grass as far as he could see, the sky beginning to bleed into a soft blue as the sun peaked. It was relatively temperate out, and Hizashi couldn't help but enjoy the feeling of fresh air as he ran. The morning exercise had ended with him using his tanktop to wipe his brow of sweat as he walked home. Checking the time, he found it was now six A.M. Perfect, he