my ass, and I toyed with the idea of wiggling my ass gently against it. Before I could do it I felt a tug at the collar of my shirt, pulling it so it was hanging off my shoulder. Jotaro scooted closer to me and pushed one of his legs between mine, succeeding to keep me in place, not that I was planning on moving anytime soon. “Your freckles have always drove me crazy!” I could feel a warm blush spread across my shoulders which only caused him to emit a chuckle which seemed to slice the silence in the room. His leg moved up between mine until it was pressed against the underside of my balls, causing me to gasp in surprise at the sudden pressure. He laughed again, “If you want me to stop, just say the word.” Truth was, I didn’t want him to stop, I wanted more. 

        “I don’t want it to stop.” I said in a surprisingly uneven and quiet voice. 

        “Good, cuz’ I don’t think I could stop myself.” He said kissing up my shoulder and onto my neck. I let out a soft moan as he kissed the spot right behind my ear. I felt his hands move from my waist and start to skillfully undo my buttons from behind. As soon as they were all separated his hands slowly caressed my chest. As he got closer to my nipples my breath became a bit quicker, and when his warm fingers touched my right nipple I let out a slightly louder moan. My hand quickly went up to cover my mouth before anymore moans could escape. In a matter of seconds with a few quick motions, and I was staring into Jotaro’s lust filled eyes. I could feel his muscled thighs pressed against my, much smaller ones. He was straddling me in such a way that when he leaned down to bite my neck I could feel his growing erection pressed against mine. When his lips made contact with my blushing neck, I quickly grabbed a fist full of damp hair, pulling him to meet my lips rather than neck. A surprised grunt came from his throat, but he showed no signs of wanting to stop. I shyly licked his bottom lip until I felt them begin to part. As our tongues rubbed against one another, my left hand went to his neck, where I dug my short nails into his skin. After a few seconds the kiss became more heated and I felt his hips buck against mine. 

      “Fuck Jotaro!” I panted between heated kisses. “I want you!” I began pulling his shirt up, only separating our lips to throw it across the room. My hands explored his chest, trying to find just the right spot to make him make some sort of pleasure induced sound. As my skilled gamer fingers ran down his muscled back I gently grazed his lower back only to feel him arch his back into me. My eyes opened slowly as my tongue ceased movement, I brushed his tailbone again feeling him buck into me more, hearing him make a small frustrated noise at my tongue’s lack of movement. His lips pulled back from mine and I watched as he slowly opened his eyes, 

     “Why’d you stop?” He muttered, dragging his lips down my face to kiss my neck. He laid on top of me, putting his full weight on my chest. I could feel his hard on against my leg and honestly all I wanted to do was fully submit to him. 

     “You’re driving me crazy! I want more!” I admitted with my eyes half lidded. He smiled against my skin as he continued to kiss lower on my neck. 

     “You’ve driven me crazy for days, I’m just getting started with you!” He muttered into my neck. I slowly ran my hands down his torso until they were resting on his briefs, I pulled at the waistband teasingly, causing him to buck upwards in anticipation. But I wasn’t planning on giving him exactly what he wanted without a bit of teasing.

     “Get on your back.”I said, choking back a few moans as he continued to nibble and suck on my neck. Slowly he let go of my neck and flopped onto the small empty space of bed next to us, I pulled myself onto my knees and straddled his wide hips. I felt his hands tightly holding my hips as I leaned down to press my lips against his. As we kissed, I began to grind my hips against his. He hooked his thumbs into the waistband of my pants and pulled at them without moving them due to my position. 

     “How have these stayed on so long?” He asked with our lips still pressed loosely together. I smiled and blushed harder as I felt his hand reach into my pants and brush my hard on. I managed to catch my bottom lip between my teeth before a moan could escape, but my breath loudly hitched in my throat. I laid fully on him, shimmying out of my pants while making sure to rub up against his crotch. I watched as he looked at me with hungry eyes, once my pants were off and kicked