there?”

Not wanting to squander this opportunity to talk to Alphys, you turned your attention to her, “Yeah? Well that depends. Where do they work?” And why the hell was their name Papyrus? Of course you didn’t ask that out loud.

Alphys started to blush and looked to Undyne for some support. Undyne took her hand and gave it a squeeze. The gesture was actually incredibly sweet, especially since Undyne was such an aggressive monster.

“Papyrus works at a Target. He’s been there for what, a few months? They love him there! He’s got a way with the customers, always all smiley and shit.” Undyne snickered, “But yeah, they’re always looking for some help there.”

Great. A Target. You couldn’t kid yourself though, it was very unlikely you had much of a choice in this kind of thing. And besides, if you knew an employee you might have an actual chance of getting the job. Might be worth the shot.

You smiled politely at the two, “That sounds like my best bet at this point, but I’ll probably have to look at other choices too, you know?” Yeah, like you were totally going to look at other places to live, genius.

Undyne slapped a hand down on the table, “Then it’s settled! You’re definitely going to have to meet Papyrus! He’s pretty much my best friend in the whole world, and if you have a problem with him then I’ll have a problem with YOU!”

Although she was now glaring at you and flashing you her sharp teeth, you had been around Undyne long enough to know she was mostly joking. Mostly. Not knowing how to respond, you just laughed awkwardly and went back to shoveling down your sandwich. You hadn’t realized how hungry you were.

You let your mind start to drift and tuned back in to catch the tail end of one of Undyne and Alphy’s conversations. Alphys seemed much more relaxed when she was pretending you weren’t sitting right there. In fact, her stutter was a lot less apparent.

“-I don’t know about that Undyne. Toriel would p-probably get mad if we got Frisk a w-weapon.” Alphys giggled slightly, and it was the first time you had seen her emote anything other than mild discomfort.

“Aw come on Alphy, the kids gotta defend themself from bullies! How are they gonna due that if they don’t have a kickass weapon? I’m thinking brass knuckles!” Undyne wrapped an arm around Alphys, “Toriel wouldn’t even have to know!”

Alphys snorted, “You know as w-well as I do that you can’t hide things like th-that from Toriel. She has motherly in-instincts.”

You smiled to yourself. Maybe one day you could comfortably join in on their conversation. At least you recognized Frisk and Toriel. Now you had Papyrus to learn. Ah! That was it! You decided to bring him up as a conversation topic.

“So um, about your friend Papyrus? What are they like?” You hoped you weren’t interrupting the couple too much.

“Oh he’s the best!” Undyne cheered, “Back in the Underground he wanted more than anything to be part of the Royal Guard. The thing is, Papyrus is, well, he’s…”

Alphys piped up, “He’s a-a-a big sof-softie.”

Undyne nodded in agreement, “When we got to the surface the Royal Guard disbanded. Papyrus was kinda bummed about it for a while.”

“The poor thing.” You frowned, “What’s he been up to since?”

Undyne scoffed and waved a hand, “Oh he’s fine now! For the past two years he just sort of did this and that, odd jobs and what not. He and his brother, Sans, lived with Toriel and Frisk for a while until they got their own place about a year ago.”

“P-Papyrus actually wants t-to go to school s-s-so he’s saving up for that.”

You brushed some bread crumbs off your shirt, “I wish him the best of lucky then. Sounds like he’s got a lot of people who care about him.” Just listening to Undyne talk about Papyrus made you anxious to meet him. Would it be another Alphys situation? Still, she was talking to you now. A little bit.

Alphys jumped a bit when her phone started to buzz. She pulled out a pink glittery iPhone that looked incredibly weighed down by about a dozen charms.

“Oh I ha-have to get back to work p-pretty soon.” She frowned and gathered up her trash, giving Undyne an apologetic look, “I ha-have to w-work pretty late… so I-I’ll just wa-walk home-“

“Nope.” Undyne nuzzled her forehead against Alphys’, who’s face turned a tomato-red. “Just give me a call