ll keep asking yourself what you did wrong, how you could change yourself so they would like you. Then you’ll get angry, defensive. What gave them the right to hurt you like that, physical as well as emotional. Once the militancy wore off it went from bad to even worse. You started to accept it, believe that they knew you, that they were speaking the truth. That is where you hit the bottom of the ocean and you got lost inside the dark corners of your own mind. A never ending labyrinth of whispers, shadows and pinches.

Once his parents found out what happened inside the school gates, they had taken immediate action. The principal was called, teachers were informed and the parents of the bullies got called. It only made it worse, instead of blatant comments that were stopped by teachers, they started whispering. Gossip that carried through to school halls like a hum and appeared in scrabbled lines onto the toilet stalls. At first they would wait for him in the corners where he walked past while going home, once his dad found him covering up a bruise when he stepped into the room, he got introduced into the world of boxing. It had made him physically stronger and he could defend himself. But walls inside your head to protect your emotions and self-esteem were harder to train and built.
He cared about others, his apologies and compliments were sincere and his words were spoken carefully. He still couldn’t grasp why they would bully him, they could have been friends or at least acquaintances. Empty eyes stared at the ceiling for a while until patterns started swirling on the ceiling. With an inaudible sigh, he pulled his laptop on his lap, sitting up against the headboard of the bed. Maybe he could make a friend on tumblr today.

 

Harry:

He was done with it, the routine of his life. It felt like he was stuck in his own groundhog day. Every day he got the same greetings, he conversed with the same people and saw the same objects. He was sick of baking the same raspberry pie over and over and over again. His mother waved to him every morning, shouting a be careful through the window when he walked outside with his usual red lunchbox. Walking down the same street towards the same bakery, day in, day out. He knew exactly what every customer was going to ask and with whom he could joke around with and which customers needed to be handled carefully. He’d grown up in this town, he knew every corner and every street like he knew his own house. Once it had been comforting but as he grew older it started to suffocate him. The familiarity and boredom chasing him. He laughed softly, maybe his body started reacting to the lack of adrenalin.
He walked back from his shift with dragging feet, knowing that he would end up on the internet again, hidden inside his room behind a lit screen. Sometimes he wondered why he didn’t do something to change this all, but once he tried to, his conscious started to make a list of all the reasons why he shouldn’t do it. Which ended with him doing nothing. He swung the red front door open and stepped inside. He was astonished when he didn’t hear the cheery hello from his mom. Looking inside the house he realized that she wasn’t home. He shrugged, maybe something had changed. He walked upstairs and sat cross-legged in his chair. The screen lit up when he pushed the on button.
Niall:
The smile felt fake, artificial. His friends laughed at every joke but you could sense how they were forced. They had been friends for a long time, but a half a year ago it became different. The weekly meetings died down to once a month and the once so cheery table during their lunch became quiet. He didn’t know what happened, where it went wrong. But now he felt so alone and scared and mostly alone. He was used to the group around him, the comfort of being listened to and being the listener.
He stayed cooped up inside his room after school, because he wasn’t really sure anymore what he should or could do. His guitar became his escape, but an instrument doesn’t talk back and sometimes he needed to hear another voice. The town where he lived wasn’t big and he had always been happy with that, everyone was so close. But now he understood the disadvantages. Everyone knew who were friends, his once so close knit group weas famous. Friends that understood each other without a single word spoken. Only once it started falling apart they didn't bother to talk to him and he realized how distant he was from the rest of the students. They knew he belonged to them and therefore they didn’t try to get to know him. That is how ended up alone, lonelier than he thought was possible. He sighed deeply and strummed the last notes of the song he was teaching himself to play. Red, hold me now.
His eyes darted towards his computer, maybe killing the time by