to be any of the things it now is. *shrugs*I'm sorry about the wait, but I had trouble finding out how to end this. I don't know that I'm exactly satisfied, but eh. It's not gonna get much better just sitting in my head.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Sherlock did not spare a single moment’s thought about John after he got off the Tube. Why should he, when he had an ongoing experiment in eel eyes, human eyes, and newt eyes, the conclusion of the case with the green ladder to devote the appropriate attention to, and a brand new case of serial suicides to contemplate? The man was a fairly amusing distraction during the nightmare that was forced enclosure in public transportation – surely a hellhole for those who didn’t see, smell, and hear the evidence condemning it, and doubly so for he, who did – but he was a matter of the past now, a world away.

If only Lestrade would stop bloody talking about him!

“So you’re saying that not only did he not punch you in the face when you deduced him, but he asked for more?” he giggled into his coffee as Sherlock hovered over the farcically dressed, adulterous media worker who couldn’t have possibly committed suicide of her own will, and how was that not obvious? “Why in God’s name did you let him get away?”

“First of all, Lestrade, you seem to be under the impression that he was some sort of rare creature worth capturing and preserving for the rest of time, not a human being who was likely more relieved at having a distraction other than his insipid friends. Second, the only people who have ever punched me about my deductions were criminals and Anderson, and John had neither the criminal background nor the rampant masculinity issues that they had to deduce. Third, we are at a crime scene, and I’m trying to solve what I am more than fairly certain is a murder case, as opposed to the suicide you lot seem so focused upon. Could you please focus instead of obsessing over some nobody I met on the Tube?”

“You remembered his name.” Sherlock just managed to stop himself from throwing his magnifying glass at Lestrade, deigning to only glare over his shoulder.

“I remember everything,” he shot back. “Were you even listening to anything else I said?”

“What’s my first name?” Lestrade demanded, and Sherlock huffed and forced himself upright.

“Geoff, of course.”

“No.”

“Gavin.”

“No.”

“Graham.”

“No.”

“Godfrey.”

“Hell, no! And now you’re just guessing!”

“I never guess,” Sherlock replied loftily. “I simply narrowed it down to the most likely candidates, seeing as I never heard your actual first name.”

“For God’s sake!” Lestrade exclaimed. “You and I have been working together for a little over five years, I’ve been dating your brother for almost half of that –” (“Don’t remind me,” Sherlock moaned, which Lestrade studiously ignored) “and my first name is on my desk as well as half of the IDs you keep lifting off of me! If you wanted to remember my first name, Sherlock, you bloody well would. But this John bloke spends less than an hour with you on the Tube, and suddenly you remember his name perfectly. I know far better than to believe that I fully know or even slightly understand you, Sherlock, but even I know how completely and utterly bizarre that is.” He took a breath and continued in a softer tone. “I don’t know who John is to you, Sherlock, but he sure as Hell isn’t nobody.”

It was a well-established fact that Sherlock Holmes handled emotion about as well as Sherlock Holmes handled any other pesky intrusion that interfered with The Work, so Lestrade made it a point not to sigh or throw a fit when the detective began rattling off his deductions in lieu of responding to the previous statement. He did have a job to do, after all, and forcing Sherlock to do anything never resulted with happy endings for anyone. He pointed out the irrationality of Sherlock’s behavior, and if there was anything Sherlock hated more than boredom, it was irrationality. John wasn’t getting deleted anytime soon, Lestrade was positive.

And if Sherlock paused at the end of his deduction, as if waiting for the echo of a compliment once given, Lestrade said nothing.

[Text Conversation: Sherlock, John]

 3:37 AM  


What does Uptown Cheekbones mean?


message unsent

 3:49 AM  


Why am I the most incredible person you’ve ever met?


message unsent

 3:58 AM  


Why can’t I delete you?


message unsent

 

John tried to put Sherlock out of his mind. No, really. Honestly. Sure, maybe he didn’t quite get around to deleting his number or his picture from his phone, but he was a busy guy. He had tons of stuff on his