)

Speaking of Liam, he's got an auxiliary hand on Zayn's hip, supporting him as he works him open and it's not long before he's inserting his middle finger into him, the movement of his arm a blur when Zayn glances over his shoulder in an attempt to get a cheeky peek.

"Fuck, Liam," Zayn whimpers, his back arching and his own hands have clenched into fists against the wall, his brows furrowed together like he isn't fond of the twinge in his legs and the widening of his hole, but he is, he really fucking is. His thighs are tense, trembling with a biting ache that makes it difficult to stand, but it's worth it when he feels his rim expanding, allowing Liam's fingers to slip in easily, quicker, faster.

"If only people could see you now." Liam mumbles, his lips embracing the flesh of Zayn's neck once again. "I wonder what they'd think if they knew I could make you weak with one, simple touch, whether it be with my fingers— or my cock. What about my lips, babe? Do my lips make you weak too?"

Zayn makes a noise that shudders through the knobs of his spine because yes, Liam's lips make him weak, but Liam, all of Liam, makes him strong and Zayn decides that he's met his greatest weaknesses of loving when they were both just teenagers, fonding over each other from afar, and somewhere between a hundred kisses exchanged years later, he's greeted by love in an entirely new light. Also, the idea of people knowing how submissive he can be— high to low, commanding to complaint, fuels the urge to reach down with his right hand to fist at his dick, but before he can, Liam's grabbing his wrist, grumbling something incoherent, muffled against the back of Zayn's neck.

"What did you say?" Zayn questions, tripling the volume of his voice with a rather loud moan when Liam rubs tender circles at his prostate, his warm breath ghosting over Zayn's shoulder.

Liam rests his chin on his head, tucks his lower lip between his teeth. It's wet, rose red and chapped and Zayn wants to nibble at it until it's bleeding and then he wants to calm the ache with his tongue and sweet nothings. "I said I want you to keep your hands on the wall. Y'aren't gonna be touchin' yourself tonight. Want you to focus on me 'nd my cock, alright? Let me do all the work. Let me show you how proud I am of you."

Liam floods like veins like a supernova in that moment and Zayn feels like his heart might explode. He doesn't have time to dwell on the thoughts though— thoughts of what he's going to do to Liam when the hype dies down and it's just them and their bed back in the United Kingdom because Liam's removing his fingers and Zayn briefly hears the sound of Liam's zipper and the sound of denim being shoved downwards. That's what makes Zayn's fingers part, palms resting flat against the solid wall, painted a light white, and his legs span, feet apart, toes curling in his shoes.

( They must look ridiculous— jeans and underwear puddling at their feet, shoes still on, shirts somewhere in the room, but it's okay. It's okay because Liam's here and Zayn's mind is in a fritz and everything's fucking amazing. All he sees is red, red, red. He's buzzing. )

"Y'wanna get me wet a bit?" Liam asks from behind him and Zayn can hear the slick sound of Liam pumping his cock, working a hand over himself, probably glazing his entire length with precome and sweat and god, that shouldn't sound appealing, but it does. 

He's about to respond with a choked yes when Liam rubs the tip of his cock against Zayn's rim, completely driving his intentions of sucking Liam off until all the bloke's vocabulary consisted of is Zayn's name and groans that Zayn's heard before; he'll never get exhausted of Liam's voice or the sounds he makes. Instead, Zayn pushes back against him as Liam's fingers fly over his hip, silently breaking the morals they've spent so long constructing. Now's not the time to chase after rules that put restrictions on devilish eyes, past midnight. 

"Okay, baby, okay," Liam coos, pressing a soft kiss against Zayn's jaw before he's pushing into him, slow, but there's strength in the way his hips work past the hint of resistance.

Zayn garbles out something terrible because Liam's so fucking calculated when it comes to how he moves his hips — eases in at first, builds up a rhythm Zayn's labelled as their own, and then just goes for it, relentless, a bit