his mug and leaned forward. “It changes everything.”

Sherlock turned another page.

“I know you‘re not reading that,” John said.

Sherlock turned one more page, stared at it for a moment in defiance, then shut the novel and regarded John.

John shook his head. “So, it doesn‘t change anything?”

Sherlock shrugged. “I’m happy with the way that things are between us.”

“But if -” John stumbled. “You and I -”

“Sex,” Sherlock guessed, his fingers tapping against the book. “Yes, that would be a factor for you. Well, if you need me to sleep with you, of course, I will.”

“What?” John asked. “No - if I - I’m not going to make you sleep with me.”

“You wouldn’t be making me,” Sherlock said, reasonably. “I just offered.”

“You offered like it was a chore,” John pointed out.

“It isn’t something that I require, but if you do, then I want -”

John closed his eyes for a moment, tried to make sense of it all. “You want to sleep with me?”

“If that’s what you want,” Sherlock confirmed.

John was quiet.

“Do you?”

“Want to sleep with you?” John laughed.

“Yes,” Sherlock said.

“No,” John said, then amended, “I don’t know.” He shook his head. “I don’t - No. Of course not. No.”

“All right,” Sherlock said with a nod. He sighed. “I’ve agreed to have lunch with Mycroft today.”

“Good,” John said, absently, hardly listening to Sherlock at all now. Of course he didn’t - why would Sherlock think -

Sherlock set his book aside and stood, lingered as though he was thinking about the appropriate course of action. Eventually he seemed to make up his mind and he approached John. John had been staring hard at the carpet and when Sherlock moved to stand in front of him, John looked up.

“What -?“ John started. Sherlock was just standing there, staring down at him. And then Sherlock leaned down, leaned in and kissed him lightly on the mouth.

It was awkward and brief and light, so light that John could almost have imagined that it hadn’t happened at all. Almost, except that even with a brush of mouths that brief, that feather light feeling lurched through John and he turned away from Sherlock, surprised by his own reaction Sherlock cleared his throat and then mumbled something about being late. He disappeared toward the back of the flat and after a moment John heard him turn on the shower.

John sat there, staring at Sherlock’s empty chair.

Was John dating Sherlock Holmes?

Of course not. Of course not! They were friends. Partners, yes. But they weren’t - Nothing had to change, Sherlock said. But if John just opened his eyes and paid attention he would see that everyone was right about them. They were in some sort of relationship, they were a couple, but they weren’t - so a sexless homosexual relationship then? Was that what this was? And if so, how in the world had John ended up here?

Oh, but Sherlock would have sex with him, if that was what John needed.

Jesus, Sherlock had actually just offered to have sex with him.

No one seemed to care at all that John wasn’t gay. No one seemed to care that John dated women. That John had always dated women. He’d never - Sherlock was the first man that John had ever kissed and honestly John wasn’t sure that that kiss even counted. It was hardly a kiss at all.

But then, he’d felt something, hadn’t he? It had hardly been a kiss at all, but for such an insignificant press of lips, it had felt significant to John. It felt significant enough that John hadn‘t moved since it had happened, had only vaguely registered that Sherlock was out of the bath, that he‘d moved down the hall and shut the door to his bedroom. It was significant enough that John’s mind was racing with it, turning it over and over, testing it from every angle.

Would he mind it if Sherlock chose to kiss him again? Would he push Sherlock away in disgust, brush him off, shoot him down?

No. No, probably not.

John shook his head. Sherlock did not actually want to have sex with him. Sherlock, as far as John could tell, did not want to have sex with anyone. That was part of what made Sherlock Sherlock.

But if Sherlock wanted to, would John sleep with him? If the tables were turned. If it was something that John thought Sherlock might want, would John have offered himself as Sherlock had just done? Offer to have sex with Sherlock? Have sex with Sherlock?

John shifted in his seat. Well, it clearly wasn’t