if you let me use my normal voice. The fake voice is hard on my throat.”

“Well, calling one of you Sukea will at least let you know who I’m talking to.” Sakura’s voice hitched a little as Sukea gently looped his fingers in the spaghetti straps of her dress and slipped them off her shoulders. The bra fell away. Kakashi cupped a breast in each hand while kissing her neck softly. “H-how much of my fantasy are we looking to fulfill tonight?”

“I’ll give anything a try if it’s with you.” Kakashi lifts her up so that Sukea can slide the dress over her bum and down her legs, though they leave the panties alone for now.

“Could you maybe… undress each other for me? And… kiss?”

“Kiss?” Sukea looked at Kakashi.

Kakashi looked at Sukea. “Did you brush your teeth?”

“Not since this morning.”

“Wait a minute, you weren’t so worried about your breath when it was me you were kissing,” Sakura interjected.

Kakashi gave her a slightly patronizing look. “Sakura. Your nose is much less sensitive than mine.”

“I get dog breath.” A blush spread behind Sukea’s facial markings.

She rolled her eyes. “Ok, fine, brush your teeth. I’ll put some mood music on and get the lube and stuff I guess.”

While her husband and his clone went off to the on-suite bathroom, Sakura switched on her favourite sex music playlist and arranged things on the night table. Usually she would turn down the lights, but for this she wanted to see everything.

Kakashi and Sukea reemerged from the bathroom to see their wife sitting cross-legged naked on the bed, fingers drumming against each other in anticipation.

Kakashi and Sukea looked at each other again, shrugged, and went for it.

Since Sukea was already in nothing but boxers, this mostly consisted of Sukea undressing Kakashi. Kakashi had taken off his jacket downstairs, but he still had on a dress shirt, suspenders, a tie, and dress pants.

Sukea loosened the tie and pulled it over Kakashi’s messy silver head, while Kakashi shrugged off the suspenders. Then Sukea began undoing the shirt buttons. 

“This is interesting,” said Sukea. “It’s like touching a mirror but the mirror touches back.”

“Speak for yourself,” said Kakashi.

“Could you be a little sexier about it?” cajoled Sakura.

As one, both men turned and struck an exaggerated sexy pose. Sakura giggled. “Come on! It is my birthday, you know.”

The men turned back to each other, and Sukea slowly reached for Kakashi’s mask. It rolled down, revealing centimetre by centimetre that beautiful sculpted face with its impish little beauty mark. Sakura licked her own lips as Sukea went in for a rather shy, closed-mouth kiss, and sighed rapturously as he paired this with slipping Kakashi’s opened dress shirt off his broad shoulders. They held the kiss for a long moment before slowly pulling away.

“That was so hot,” whispered Sakura. “How was it for you?”

“Odd,” said both men at the same time, and all three of them giggled. Hearing Kakashi’s giggle in stereo was worth having him clone himself in itself.

“We should moisturize,” said Kakashi, and Sukea nodded. “Honestly, Sakura, do you live with this stubble every day? You are a saint.”

“I am an incredibly lucky saint,” said Sakura. “Now the pants, please.”

“Just the pants,” suggests Kakashi. “I think the birthday girl should get to do the last bit of unwrapping.”

“You are so right.” Sukea unbuttoned Kakashi’s pants and pulled down the zipper. Kakashi pulled down his pants himself, revealing briefs.

“Variety, I like it,” said Sakura, as she crooked a finger to beckon them over to the bed. They both eagerly accepted the invitation, making her laugh as she welcomed them by laying a possessive hand on each one’s hip. “I guess I should start with the real one.”

Sukea must have made some kind of a face at Kakashi, because Kakashi said, “Real mature,” but when her eyes glanced up Sukea was looking as innocent as a man could look who has a woman pulling his boxers off.

Sakura dropped a kiss on the head of his cock and nuzzled it to say hello before turning to the clone to tug off his briefs. “How can you be jealous of yourself?”

“Sakura, I know me. I’m basically the worst.”

“Total trash,” agreed Kakashi cheerfully, then moaned as Sakura swirled her tongue around the head of his cock before taking as much of him as would fit into her mouth.

“Oh, Sakura.” Sukea clambered around them on the bed, appreciating the sight from different angles. “You truly are gorgeous with my cock in your mouth.”

She pulled off and gave Sukea a suspicious look. “You better not be planning to take any damn pictures.”

“Stop distracting her,” growled Kakashi