.

“I’ve been thinking about it a lot,” Junmyeon confesses. At Jongdae’s beckoning gesture, he joins him on the bed. “To be honest, I’ve already gotten off twice today just imagining it.”

Rather than turning smug like Junmyeon had thought he would, Jongdae’s expression clouds over, bottom lip caught between his teeth as he looks back down at Junmyeon’s already achingly hard cock. He reaches down and starts stroking himself, palm working over his own growing erection. The sight is nothing short of torture for Junmyeon, who’s so distressingly horny he’s even forgotten all his self-consciousness and uncertainty.

“Well,” says Jongdae, “better not waste time, then.”

He lies back, head falling against the pillows, and squirms around to get comfortable. Junmyeon looks on, transfixed, as always, by the lines and edges of Jongdae’s body, by the tensing of his muscles. Then, when Jongdae lifts his legs to bring his knees back against his shoulders, all but presenting his ass to Junmyeon, it becomes all the more distracting.

“Just so you know, I’m clean,” says Jongdae. “So if you wanna go bare, go ahead. Lube’s on the nightstand.”

It takes a second for Junmyeon to actually realize Jongdae’s giving him permission to fuck him. “While you’re—? Is that safe? You won’t hurt your neck?”

“It’s fine.” Jongdae pulls his knees back further, spreading his legs more and pulling his lower body up. It’s a little mesmerizing. “And if it kills me, at least I’ll die doing what I love.”

Junmyeon very nearly laughs, except then Jongdae’s elbows are pressing back against the undersides of his thighs, and he’s curling forward, one hand guiding his cock into his mouth, and suddenly nothing seems especially funny anymore. All he can do is sit in open-mouthed shock, watching the head push past Jongdae’s lips, listening to the soft yet filthy moan he lets out.

Someone lets out a breathy “Fuck,” and Junmyeon realizes belatedly that it was him. His entire body feels hot with a pins-and-needles kind of arousal, strong and sharp and heavy but also slightly numbing. Yet despite how profoundly, how desperately in need of relief he is, all he can think about is Jongdae, his own pleasure coming in an extremely distant second. All he wants is for Jongdae to keep making those pleased little noises, to be so overcome he can barely hold himself together.

He crawls forward and settles his hands on Jongdae’s hips, then smooths his palms up over the curves of his ass, feeling the tension from the way Jongdae’s holding his pelvis and legs. He doesn’t look up to check, but he can almost feel Jongdae pinning him down with an intense gaze. He licks his lips.

“You said you were clean, right?” Junmyeon says huskily. Without waiting for a response, he leans in and presses his mouth to Jongdae’s hole, then pushes his tongue in.

At once, there’s a wordless sound of surprise from Jongdae, followed by a wet pop. Then, hoarsely, “Holy fuck. Not what I expected.”

“Want me to stop?”

“No,” Jongdae says quickly. “No, fuck. Please, Junmyeon.”

That’s rare, for Jongdae to be the one begging for more. It’s kind of inordinately satisfying to Junmyeon, who’s so used to being the one who wants and needs. He ducks back down, this time just poking his tongue out to tease Jongdae’s rim, eliciting a whine. He suppresses a grin as he flattens his tongue over the hole in a broad lick.

As he pushes back into Jongdae, he hears the sucking noises start again. The knowledge that they’re both going down on him at the same time is dizzying. Junmyeon licks into him, mouthing at his asshole wetly, and in response Jongdae hums and moans around his dick.

They keep going at it like that for a bit longer, Jongdae sucking himself while Junmyeon alternates between fucking him with his tongue and lightly licking at his rim. Then Junmyeon finds himself struck with an acute desire that forces him to pull away so he can reach over and, stretching, grab the lube from the nightstand. He squeezes out enough to liberally coat two fingers, then tosses it aside and moves back into position. Taking more care than he did with his tongue, he pushes his fingers inside of Jongdae slowly.

Another moan. This time, Junmyeon looks up, taking in the way Jongdae’s cock disappears into his mouth, lips stretching around his girth. Junmyeon sinks his fingers in further, then pulls back out before thrusting in again. He watches Jongdae’s expression turn helpless with need as he fingers him, and while it’s not the same as verbal pleas or any of Jongdae’s usual dirty talk, that lewd and needy look stirs something in Junmyeon.