being on Earth should be able to make that noise. It just isn’t fair.

Viktor’s hands slide down to Yuuri’s waist, pulling him closer, squeezing him gently. Yuuri moans again, and Viktor shudders hard. He remembers that Yuuri isn’t a being of this Earth, of this plane of existence. He can make whatever the hell kind of noise he wants. And Viktor will do anything to hear it.

His hands slip under Yuuri’s shirt just as Yuuri’s tongue slips past his lips, and they gasp together, Yuuri wet and twisting in his mouth, Viktor’s fingers pressing, squeezing, digging into soft and heated skin.

As Yuuri tugs him closer by the hair, Viktor feels a tightness in his jeans that he fights to keep down. No, he can’t be hard already. The fact that he’s so absolutely pathetically smitten is enough to make him feel like an idiot. He doesn’t need to make things worse by coming in his pants. He’d die of embarrassment.

But he wants to die in Yuuri’s presence anyway. So that would be nothing new.

They break away, panting, and Viktor watches Yuuri lick his lips to break the wet string between them. The sight makes Viktor want to drool even more.

Yuuri’s flushed and breathing hard, and his eyes are so bright that they’re nearly blinding. Viktor feels like he’s flown too close to the sun, and can feel himself smoldering, crashing and burning. Burning for him.

“Yuuri,” he whispers, his voice thick, and the sound seems to make Yuuri blush harder. Viktor has never felt more pleased in his life.

He realizes that he doesn’t know what else to say. Just his name is enough. Viktor could repeat it until the day he dies.

“Um,” Yuuri says softly, and Viktor starts to tremble, “Viktor... I think... um, I really like you,” he repeats, and Viktor is stunned. Is this actually real?

“Do you- I mean, if you want,” Yuuri continues, growing more shy by the second, his face as red as the heart in Viktor’s chest, the one that beats for him and him alone. “Can we... be together? Like, maybe... officially?”

The awkward way he says it makes Viktor realize that he’s not the only one completely clueless about this, and it gives him the slight confident certainty he needs to even form a coherent sentence.

“Uh... officially?” Well. It’s half coherent, at least.

“Yes,” Yuuri whispers, “I want to be with you.”

When Viktor kisses him again, he hopes that it’s enough to convey what he’s too terrified to say.


Yes.


Viktor’s lips stray to his jaw, trailing to his ear, and Yuuri shivers hard, gasping in a way that makes Viktor pause to compose himself.

“If you’d like for me to call you my boyfriend,” Viktor whispers in his ear suddenly, surprising the both of them, “then I’d be more than happy to. But there are other things I’d rather call you. My angel, my sun and stars, my muse, my world. But ‘boyfriend’ is alright, I guess.”

There’s a small silence as the both of them sit there, stunned. Oh god, what the hell had he just said? Where the fuck had that come from?

Yuuri pulls away to look at him, and his eyes are so full of life and love that Viktor feels his heart grow wings.

“I think that’s the smoothest thing you’ve ever said to me.”

Viktor grins almost sheepishly, and when Yuuri smiles, his breath catches in his throat.

Yes, the smile that had launched a thousand ships. But Viktor’s had outdistanced them by a thousand miles.

Explicit chapter.

IMPORTANT!This is a sex scene. I know, scandalous. But I don't want to change the rating of this fic just for the sake of a bonus chapter. So this is the warning. Disclaimer. Whatever.

Anyways this is a bit overdue, but I've had my hands full with all the other millions of things I've suddenly been writing fhfhksfhg

Yuuri’s smile is polite and composed as Viktor rests his elbows on his desk, but there’s a hint of mischief dancing in his eyes that makes Viktor melt.

“Hello, handsome,” Viktor says suavely. He’d been practicing this line to himself in the mirror, and his effort has paid off, because he can see the tips of Yuuri’s ears growing red.

“Good evening, sir. Purchasing postage today?” The corner of Yuuri’s mouth is twitching slightly.

“Oh, absolutely. I have a very important package to deliver,” Viktor says, batting his lashes charmingly.

“Is that so?” Yuuri eyes his distinct lack of said package. Viktor is tempted to tell him to look lower.