own for personal experience.  

"Sherlock, Sherlock!” 

Lestrade shook his head, and turned to Sally. “Quietest freak has ever been, there must be a God.” Lestrade scoffed at her disrespect. “Say something like that again and I’ll have your badge.” Sally knit her brows. “What’s gotten into ya, it’s just the Freak.” Lestrade looked over her shoulder at me, sitting, unmoving, before the body at the crime-scene, right before looking back into her face. “First of all, Sherlock is my friend okay, so I won’t be havin ya calling him that anymore, secondly his brother died so have some respect.” Something about the hum of the open air around me pulled me back into the present, I took in a breath and brought the victim into focus. Bewildered I rose to my feet, I looked around slightly confused before Lestrade came to meet me, Sally trailing behind him. I caught the other’s gaze. “I-I..” A hand came to clasp my shoulder. “Go on home Sherlock.” “I’m fine really..” Greg shook his head. “You’re not, go home, we’ll figure it out.” “You never figure it out.” I spurt. “Go home Sherlock.” 

Days ran into weeks, weeks climbed to months and nothing got better. The hollowness of my existence only seemed to branch off to the world I experienced when I was asleep. He came to me often, In dreams. I was fooled into the sublime trick and the comfort of thinking that this was reality as opposed to the ‘dream’ of my brother’s death. In my dreams I relived each and every moment, it’s a wonder to me still just how capable the human mind it; every detail was perfect. I began to spend more and more time asleep. 

John stepped into the room, accompanied by Mrs. Hudson who carried a tray of tea and biscuits. John rounded the bed to stand on my side of it and crouch as he looked upon me. I wasn’t exactly asleep, nor was I awake either. I lie there, clutching my pillow, and staring blankly off into the wall in my line of vision. “He’s been like this for days” said Mrs. Hudson, setting down the tray upon the dresser. John checked my pulse with his fingers. “I know you’re concerned Mrs. Hudson, but this is a perfectly normal response to loss.” She laughed. “I know, Sherlock normal.” John said, with a small chuckle and turned his attention back to me and lightly tapped my cheek with the palm of his hand. “Sherlock, ya with me..” I blinked and brought John into focus. “John?” I lifted my eyes and looked to Mrs. Hudson. “Sherlock, you’ve given us a fright, are you alright dear?” I shifted and pulled myself to sit before pushing myself from underneath the covers to slip out of bed. “Yes of course.” My lips unzipped to smile in an attempt to quell their worry. I dipped my head forward slightly. “I’m fine.” I extended a hand toward the door in offering of their departure. John stood and Mrs. Hudson made for the door. I rounded the bed in following her movement. I extended a hand to catch her shoulder; I leaned in. “Thank-you for the tea.” I said softly and pressed a kiss to her cheek and let her go. I turned around to greet John. “You sure you want to be alone Sherlock?” The question hit me harder than I should have allowed it. With the feigned smile still upon my lips, I gave a nod of my head. “I’ll be fine.” John tapped my shoulder. “Let me know if you need me.” “Always.” He exited and I pushed the door closed. 

Alone, the word knocked about my skull, creating endless voids. Without my brother I truly was alone, and though I physically understood, I hadn’t processed it completely until that very moment. Since I was born I had had Mycroft as a buffer; a way of relating and slowly immersing myself within the fold of the world because he was there as a sounding board. I had followed each and every step in life without fear because he had already done it. The room around me was hollow and the sound of silence was the most devastating thing to echo through my ears. Alone, I was alone and for the first time in my life there was no other like me; no other that would ever truly understand me. I took a step forward, to move across the room in a daze. Mycroft was the other half of my skull, for all the times we clashed, and  for all the ways I made attempts to get under his skin he understood me better than anyone else ever had and now ever would. 

I stood at the window and peered outside. The sun had just begun to set and I watched it, unblinking,