I fuckin' love the way you look when you're takin' my cock, go on, take it."

Harry feels Zayn smile against his lips, and he can’t help smiling back. He fucking loves Nialler, they all do, but Niall really does watch way too much porn. 

"Ah, you're so fuckin' wet for it, you want it, tell me how much you love my cock," he's saying, and Harry says,

"Yeah, s'good, Nialler, I like it," because it’s only polite to respond when someone is speaking to you. Zayn giggles, but thankfully Niall doesn’t seem to notice. Anyway, Harry must have warmed him Niall up nicely before - he is indeed the master of handjobs - because it's hardly any time at all before he's breathless and hammering in hard. 

"Ahh, Christ, you're gonna make me come already, Hazza, Jesus, that's it, just like that - "

"Do it, if you're going to," Louis breaks in, impatient, "I want my go," and Niall says, 

"Fuck off, Tommo, would you let a man finish in peace - ahh, fuckin' hell, fuck - oh - oh - ngggh."

Harry's so wet now it's almost ridiculous. He’s also not cold at all anymore, but he isn’t going to say anything and risk missing out on the rest of the boys. 

Not that Louis would let him.

"Right, my turn, out of the way, chop chop," Louis says brightly, and Harry twists around to glare at him. Niall had been running his hands over Harry's bum in the aftermath of his orgasm, and Harry'd been rather enjoying it. Niall has really nice hands.

"Sorry, Haz," Niall says, slipping out of him with an unsexily wet noise. He gives Harry's bum cheeks a last gentle squeeze as he shifts out of the way and lets Louis in. "That was brilliant, though. You've got a fuckin' fantastic arse on ya, did ya know?"

"Shut up, he doesn't need to hear that, his head's big enough already," Louis says brusquely, and reaches around to give Harry's cock a squeeze, "and I'm not talking about this one, either, no matter what he might think."

"Don't be rude, Louis," Harry says, even as he pushes his cock forward into Louis' fist. It's been awhile since anyone's paid any attention to it and it feels lovely. "It's not nice to talk about me as if I'm not here."

"Ooh, not nice," Louis says, mocking. He lets go of Harry's cock and parts Harry's bum cheeks with his hands instead, running a finger over Harry's wet hole, making Harry squirm. "And is this how a nice boy behaves, young Harold, letting four men fuck him in the back of a moving vehicle?"

"You don't have to have a go if you don't want to," Harry says, as Louis pushes a couple of fingers into him. God, he’s so wet and Louis is making such a mess with it, it really is embarrassing. Harry’s jeans are still around his thighs because the boys hadn't undressed him properly. They’re going to be ruined. "I mean, if you think it's not nice. You don't have to."

"I'm not a nice boy, though," Louis says, pulling his fingers out and replacing them with his cock so fast that Harry hardly knows it’s happening. "Am I?"

"No," Harry agrees, trying not to shove back onto Louis' cock. God it feels good to be filled up like this.

"No. I'm not a nice boy at all," Louis says. "And that's good, because it means I can do this," a swivel of his hips as he drives in, "and this," a thrust so good Harry's vision goes a but blurry, "and this," and he wraps his fingers around Harry's cock just as he bottoms out and Harry jolts forwards and comes, totally unexpected, all over Zayn.

"Fucking hell, Lou, you just got jizz all over my fucking Gucci jumper, you douche," Zayn yelps. He’s being very loud, or maybe Harry's ears are just ringing from his orgasm; they do that sometimes.

"I think you mean Harry did," Louis says, still fucking Harry in a leisurely sort of way, casual rolls of his hips like he has all the time in the world. "Harry, apologise please, it's not nice to get come on Zayn's designer knitwear."

"Sorry, Zayn," Harry says, though he doesn’t mean it as much as he