cafe, Tepes, owned none other than Krul. Maybe it wasn't the most exciting job in existence, but Yu was desperate to get a job himself. It was weird how Mika was the only one who had a daily job and worked to support them both, and Yu felt really bad. And so, he eagerly accepted the job offer. 

 

Maybe being too excited can make you miss a lot of details.

The boss, who still looked too young for her age, strolled out of the kitchen.  

"Hey, Yuichiro, one of our waitresses called in sick today." She starts slyly. Yu glances at her. 

"Oh. She.. She's not going to come to work today?" Yu says. Krul nods. 

"I can take being the cashier for now. You-" Krul grins. "-are going to be a waitress just for today." 

Yu raises an eyebrow. "You mean, a waiter." He repeats. Krul shakes her head.

"Nope. You're going to be a waitress." She corrects.

"Eh?!" 

Krul chuckles. "It's our cafe attraction, isn't it? All of our waitresses are girls." She smirks. "They dress as maids, to be exact." 

Yu turns his attention to the two waitresses hurrying around the cafe, Shinoa and Mitsuba. 

They were dressed as maids.

Yu felt his stomach swirl. How did he not notice that earlier?! 

"W-Wait, why don't you take the job as a waitress then, Krul?!" Yu stammers. Krul tosses her pink hair over her shoulder. 

"What? Don't you know restaurant etiquette? It's weird to have the boss work as a waitress. Being a cashier is low enough. Now go! We have a wig in the kitchen." She waves him off with an innocent grin. 

 

It seems his day has gone sour.

One of the employees, Ginka, assisted Yu when putting on his frilly dress and natural black wig. In the girl's restroom. 

"Just slip your hand through the sleeve!"

"Where?!"

"Right here, dammit! And adjust the wig, it's lopsided!" 

As you can see, the employees' restroom was closed off for a few while.

A few minutes later, Yu emerged from the bathroom. Krul snickered as he walked stiffly to her, fist clenched. 

"Looking good! I can't even tell you're a male! Go get em, Yui!" Krul whispers. She covers her mouth, desperately trying to stifle her laughter. 

Yu shakes his fist. "I swear I would kill you if you weren't my boss."

Krul winked, and hands him a notepad. "Go take orders, Yui." 

 

Just pretend you're a girl.

Think like a female. 

Yu approaches each table with a smile, and decided to speak in a high-pitched voice.

"Okay!" Yu thinks to himself. "As long as no one that knows me enters the cafe, I'll be fine, right? I just have to get through the da-"

The little bell of the door rang out, signaling a new customer. 

"Welcome!" Krul says cheerfully. Yu turns to greet the customer when he pales. 

 

Oh shit, no.

It was Mika. 

Yu casually shifts back to Krul, watching as Mika took a seat. Krul looks at Yu's worried expression. "What, do you know him? He's a regular here." She says. Yu's jaw drops in shock, his mind turning to mush from anxiety.

Nononononono.

"I think I'm gonna faint." 

Krul teasingly shoves Yu. "Go take his order, dumbass! He probably won't recognize you." 

Yu nervously approaches Mika. 

"H-Hi, can I take your order?" Yu asks, making the high-pitched voice sound as natural as possible. Mika looks up from the menu, and blinks. 

"I'll have a Skinny Iced Caramel Macchiato." Mika responds slowly, but he was still heavily focused on Yu. Yu cautiously avoids eye contact. 

"Okay. Anything else?"

"Um, excuse me but..." Mika starts. "Do I know you?" 

Yu felt hot. He forces a laugh. "I-I think you've mistaken. I'll be right back with your order!" 

He hurries away, wiping the sweat off his face. He glanced at Mika as he walked towards the kitchen. Mika seemed to have shrugged off any suspicion. Yu sighed in relief. 

Yu turns and sees Krul watching in amusement. 

"Ugh! I hate everything!" He hisses under his breath,

Yu sets down a berry parfait on another customer's table. He walks over to Mika again, who was reading a magazine. 

"Here's your Skinny Iced Caramel Macchiato." Yu repeats. Mika looks up and nods. "Does that complete your order?" 

"Yup." Yu turns and is about to walk away when Mika grins. "Thanks, Yu-chan." 

 

Yu freezes. He clenches his fists