, my eyes still on the boy- Louis. Louis folded his hands neatly into his jeans pocket and glanced around the small collected church.

“Sorry for walking out. Didn’t mean any disrespect.” Louis spoke again, his eyes floating over to my family. I shrugged once more.

“’s alright, I can be a bit of an arsehole sometimes.” Louis looked like he might laugh, his eyes sparkling and wide but Liam shot him a small warning glance and he immediately shut his mouth once more. Robin seemed to spot Liam because a moment later I felt a hand placed on my shoulder and when I glanced up Robin was smiling slightly, yet the smile wasn’t reaching his eyes as he looked at Liam.

“Ah, Liam. Glad to see you made it, lad” Robin said easily. Liam nodded respectfully and Robin lifted his hand off my shoulder, beckoning for Liam to come over to my mother and him so they could parade and introduce him to others at the service.

Just Louis and I now. Silence enveloped us for a long beat. Then-

“Wanna get out of here?” I asked, raising an eyebrow, Louis’ own eyebrows raised up onto his forehead,

“Um- you sure you should be doing that?” He asked me looking unsure. I glanced back at Robin and my mum- who still seemed to have disappeared somewhere far away. I held out my hand for Louis and Louis barely hesitated, slipping his hand into mine and allowing himself to be tugged quickly out the doors of the church and into the empty hallway leading outside. I ignored the feeling of his hand in mine- it was ridiculous to think or presume that this boy fancied me, or thought anything about me, or hell, if he was even into boys like that. I remember that Gemma had been the first person I had ever even told that I, myself, was into boys like that.

“Will you get out!? Jesus Christ Haz” Gemma pounded on the bathroom door impatiently, I swiped at my eyes quickly,

“Give me a second!” I called back unsteadily. Gemma snorted,

“You’ve been saying that for about 360 seconds now.” She shot back through the bathroom door. I glanced at my red rimmed eyes in the bathroom mirror and squeezed them shut, determined to stop crying. This was pathetic. Hiding in the bathroom, crying my eyes out like some 7 year old boy.

“HARRY. GET. OUT.” Gemma yelled, pounding on the door once more.

“For fuck’s sake, fine!” I cried back, yanking the door open angrily. Gemma’s eyes roamed my face and her fist fell from where it had been frozen in mid air, halfway through pounding on the door.

“Harry? What’s wrong? What’s happened?” She asked me, her eyes wide in concern. I shook my head, but my eyes did not seem to want me to be a man today because they welled with tears once more as I breathed in shakily through my teeth. I felt a soft hand tugging on my chin, forcing me to look at her. I finally met her eyes, her own hazel ones were soft with shock and she was biting down on her bottom lip.

“Who hurt you?” She whispered- hardness and determination written in her eyes.

“You sure this is okay? After walking out the first time I don’t think your folks are very fond of me,” Louis whispered, a small, sneaky grin creeping on his own soft, pink lips. I laughed quietly, tilting my head back and letting the sun soak onto my face. Despite the mood inside the church- outside it was quite pleasant. It was warm, the sun had snuck out from behind the white fluffy clouds and I was sprawled on a park bench, the church was distant but still visible to my eyes. Louis was on the ground, his back leaning on the bottom lip of the bench I lay on. His soft, straight hair was close enough for me to reach out and touch, tug, stroke. Jesus I sounded creepy.

“It’ll be fine.” I replied, my own hand behind my head as I lay on the bench, Louis eyed my star tattoo slightly, it was fainter now then when I had originally first gotten it, showing it to Gemma proudly who had just snorted and rolled her eyes at me.

“That hurt? Do you think it’ll hurt as much as when your parents castrate me?” Louis added as an afterthought. I snorted myself now,

“Nah. It was the good kind of pain. Gemma told me I should get one and I didn’t know what to get so I just got a star” I shrugged. Louis turned from where he was leaning on the bench, his face leaning in slightly closer to me,

“I’m sorry I never got to know her.” He voiced quietly. I blinked and glanced back up at the sky.

“It’s fine.” I replied, hating where this conversation was heading. Louis however was