time.

“I thought you were leaving,” Sherlock finally voiced, and Mycroft smiled, glancing over his shoulder and into his brother’s eyes. He tugged the blankets up closer around the man’s shoulders.

“No, Sherlock. I’m not going anywhere. I already told you, I will always be here for you. I always have been.”

“Except when I needed you.”

The words are so quiet, mumbled into and around cloth, Mycroft could chose to pretend he never heard them. Move on to other things, taking in plenty of liquids, rest, things of that nature. But he doesn’t. He keeps a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, over the covers, and plays the game.

“When was that, ‘Lock?”

“You know when,” Sherlock mutters like an insolent five year old, tugging the blankets just to make Mycroft move his hand away. The eldest Holmes is glad his brother has once more turned away, or he would have spotted the look of absolute pain that crossed his features.

“Oh, Sherlock,” he whispers, hanging his head. Hot tears stung his eyes, and he was eternally grateful when Sherlock moved behind him, distracting him before they could actually fall. 

Long, graceful arms wrapped themselves comfortably around Mycroft’s waist, and he felt his brother’s curls tickling the nape of his neck as Sherlock rested his head. They stayed like that for some time, neither moving, save Mycroft reaching out to lay a shaky hand on his brother’s forearm. He was cool to the touch.

Mycroft was surprised to feel Sherlock clutch tightly at his jacket, wrapping and bunching it in his violinist’s fingers. What didn’t surprise him was this little about-face. It never failed, Sherlock flew and flew, until his wings were scorched, and he fell. And Mycroft tried so very hard to catch him, and put out the flames.

Mycroft tilted his head down to watch Sherlock manipulate the cloth, as Sherlock’s other hand moved, brushing the exposed skin of his brother’s wrist, right below the suit sleeve. Mycroft inhaled sharply, closing his eyes as his head swam. 

“Sherlock, please-”

“Yes. Please.” Insistent, but not rushing. He traced tiny circles onto Mycroft’s skin, who shivered. Mycroft remained still, not fleeing, not stopping his brother, but not quite reciprocating. He opened his eyes, found Sherlock’s face taking up his field of vision.

He was better prepared this time as Sherlock’s head dipped, less surprised when he felt pressure upon his lips, chaste, gentle. Sherlock allowed his own to part, taking a breath, exhaling warm air across his brother’s mouth. His eyes were open, and he watched Mycroft carefully.

“My,” he murmured, begging. It was in his tone, in the flecks of color that shattered his barely visible irises. It was the way his fingers clung tightly to Mycroft’s suit, as if fearing the man would disappear should he be released. 

A hand appeared along the side of Sherlock’s face, and the man hungrily nuzzled against it, closing his eyes. Mycroft watched, almost in a daze, as his fingers traced a map along the delicate jawbone. Sherlock let his mouth fall open, and made a sound Mycroft had never imagined his brother making.

“You’ve never known,” he began, shaking his head, fingers now playing over the impossibly long neck, creating a new melody. “Never realized, how perfect you are, how brilliant,” he whispered on, fingers tracing the border of a dirty tee-shirt, a sharp collar bone. Sherlock whimpered. 

“I should have told you,” Mycroft said, swallowing thickly around a sudden lump that had formed in his throat. Sherlock’s hands pushed his jacket open, searching for him. 

“Told me what?” he mumbled, not paying attention anymore, instead focusing his efforts at the little buttons that kept them apart, starting with the top one. Mycroft took his brother’s hands together in his own, and lowered them gently. He stared into Sherlock’s eyes, and the moment lingered.

“What you are,” he answered softly, giving the trembling fingers a reassuring squeeze. “To me. That I love you,” he whispered, watching as Sherlock’s eyes closed so tightly that his brows bunched, as if in pain. 

He took his brother’s face in his hands gently, and leaned, closing the space between them, bringing his own lips willingly to Sherlock’s. Eyes opened wide in surprise, then closed slowly, now freed hands clutching for Mycroft’s shoulders, tugging him impossibly closer.

Bear with me as I stumble through! Kudos and comments are greatly appreciated.

I feel this chapter is a bit short, so I may change it later.Where Sherlock wakes up, and Mycroft is gone.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Sherlock barely had time to process what was happening, even as he unconsciously found himself pulling at