,” “you can’t live without this cock,” etcetera. He doesn't shut up and loses himself inside you, muttering incoherent things in your ear while he pushes you to your limits and beyond, earning himself your whimpers and moans.

When he's done, he either holds you tight, moulding your sex-sticky bodies together and passing out, or immediately puts his clothes on and is out the door like he was never there.

You thank god that no one cares in Po Town, or that your mom is usually off visiting family in Kanto to notice that you’ve had a visitor.

(It’s not like he cares if she just happens to be home, though.)

Your friends start to notice your bruises, and you can tell that they don't quite believe you when you say “it's no big deal.”

(Lillie gives you an odd look; Hau raises an eyebrow, seeing through your bullshit.)

But you enjoy your time with Guzma, after all.



v.

 


 you can occupy my every sigh, 



 you can rent a space inside my mind 



 at least until the price becomes too high 


 

After your battle at Aether Paradise, he's different—he's almost never sober. 

(The bottles and smashed glass swept to the corners of his room were a give-away from the start.)

You're more observant than you let on: it's Lusamine and what goes on behind the scenes. It's the burdens he carries, and you find yourself sympathising with him despite your better judgment.

But you remember one particular night being especially rough:

He shows up at your house with a half empty bottle of soju, words slurred together but intentions irresistible to you.

Soon, you're buzzed (by his persuasion) and he's drunk (by his own devices)—you're running warm while he’s blazing hot. But when he grabs a condom and settles down between your legs, he's struggling.

He fumbles with the packaging for a moment before saying, “ah, fuck it,” and tosses it aside.

“It’s ok, I’m on the pill—” Before you can finish he’s pushing himself in raw, and you let out a choked whine as it takes you by sharp surprise. (You  still  aren't fully used to him.) 

A hand is shoved roughly, painfully, in your hair and the other on your hip with a vice-like grip—with his contrasting size and strength you know there will be bruises. He's moaning a slurry of "fuck" and "oh Arceus oh gods Moon you're so fucking tight.” The feeling is unlike any time with him before, adrenaline shooting through your veins at the added risk factor. You begin to lose yourself in how good his uncovered dick feels inside you, but are quickly sobered up.

“Guzma, you're being too rough—” your voice cracks as a yelp cuts you short.

He's slamming against your cervix and you wince, but then his fingers are working their magic on your clit. You start to see stars through the pain while this goes on, and you find yourself whimpering as you fall over the edge.

“Yeah, Moon, like ‘ya don't love this—FUCK!” he shouts and comes inside, collapsing half-way on top of you and not bothering to pull out. He's out like a Litwick, breath heavy from exhaustion tickling your neck, and body sticky with sweat.

You're left lying awake on your bed—the pain emerging triumphant from your quickly fading pleasure. Despite your intense orgasm, all you can feel are the dull aches all over your body, and the alcohol-induced dehydration and migraine beginning to creep up on you. His cum is dripping down your entrance, leaving you uncomfortable and sticky.

He’s sleeping like a baby with a toned arm draped over you, body too warm and close for comfort with how you're feeling. You watch him, examining his relaxed features and thinking about what he might be like if he took the time to actually talk to you outside of fucking.

(What it would be like if he cared.)

It's in that sleepless night that you realise he's using you. It's in the same stream of consciousness that you consider running.

But you stay anyway.

 


vi.


 


 she says that i’m a mess but it’s alright 



 whether it’s two weeks, two years or just tonight 


 

You’re not sure if it’s because of your realisation that causes the rift between the two of you.

You find yourself battling him and Lusamine—their camaraderie wasn't much of a shock to you, having suspected the lucrative Team Skull-Aether Foundation alliance.

(There's no way Team Skull had a steady income with how they lived, and the Aether Foundation seemed too good to be true.)

Guzma is whipped—you’ve never seen him as vulnerable to a person like he is to Lusamine. (Well, maybe Plumeria,